"They're fine," Mycroft replied brusquely, fumbling his pocket watch out of his waistcoat and consulting it – his mind already clearly on the way back to the city.
Sherlock curled his hands into fists at his sides. He realised that Sebastian was just trying to rile him up – perhaps to drive him away and spare him the same fate. But perhaps to save his own hide. Sebastian shook his head wearily and looked down at his blood-encrusted fingers.
"Very!" John agreed with a grin and laid one hand on the small of Sherlock's back to steer him in the direction of the restaurant. "Are you hungry?"
"That's all a load of rubbish, darling," Bill admonished her. "It's not a real thing. At most, it's romantic twaddle from those bodice rippers you've always got your nose buried in."
John nodded numbly. "I'm very sorry, Mrs Holmes. That must..." He took a deep breath. The woman had probably heard enough words of condolence for the rest of her life now that she'd lost two of her three children. "What... was his name?"
He reluctantly stepped back into his underwear and jeans – it wasn't optimal, but he didn't want to have to borrow underpants from Victor on top of everything else. After hanging up the towel, he grabbed his vest and shirt from the floor and left the bathroom to go to his duffel bag and stuff the dirty items inside.
"Okay." John said his good-byes with a kiss and a tender caress of Sherlock's cheek before setting out down Baker Street.
"How's the prep work for your exams coming along?" Victor tried again in an attempt to draw this reticent Sherlock out of his reserve.
He carefully watches as Sherlock curls up a little more. His eyes are squeezed tightly shut, he’s panting silently, sweat shimmering on his forehead. Spontaneously, John moves closer to him, now sitting in the middle of the back seat so that Sherlock can lean against his shoulder. The bulge of Sherlock’s crotch is clearly visible and it takes more self control than John imagined not to stretch out his fingers and stroke it teasingly. His own erection is pressing painfully against the zipper of his jeans, but thanks to the thick fabric, it’s not nearly as obvious.
Sherlock pulled out of the embrace and regarded John with a bashful smile. "Yes, when I woke up this morning, you had already left. But everything smelt of you, and... I simply think more clearly when you're nearby."
The man standing outside the door no longer looked like the young alpha Sherlock had met in the laboratory at St Bart's. He leaned heavily on the cane in his right hand, while his left dangled uselessly. His ocean-blue eyes had lost their sparkle, his blond hair was dull and still cropped in the military style. The bulging duffel bag at his feet smelled of sand, disinfectant, and unwashed laundry.
"What about interrogation techniques? I mean... there are quite a few, aren't there? Are you familiar with them?" John went on.
Sherlock shrugged. "Everything about your appearance fairly screams military. The way you stand, your haircut, and of course the scent rolling off you. The scent of desperation and need. Why else would you
Lestrade covered his phone with his hand for a moment to speak to someone on his end, before emitting a pained sigh. "All right, fine. When can you be here?"
They found him several days later, half-starved and covered with bloody scratches and bruises in some back alley. He'd never told anyone that he'd got into it with several denizens of the streets, and ended up with the short end of the stick every time.
John niggled at his lower lip as he thought. Might these fairy tale letters have something to do with Moriarty? It was a pretty bloody huge coincidence that they'd come to light so shortly after his death. Of course, they were too old to have anything to do directly with Greg's, Mrs Hudson's, and Victor's kidnappings. And anyway, the clues that Sherlock had received back then had come in via text messages. But how did it all fit together if the letters were from Sherlock after all?
"You should have told me before," John said and kissed the silver scar between Sherlock's shoulder and neck again, dragging his tongue over the tiny imperfections as if licking them clean and nibbling the skin fastidiously. "What about the past few years? No one?"
"Oh yeah, sorry about that. It's not very inviting at the moment, is it? But it's just temporary. We're renovating! The Department for Omega Medicine is getting a new wing with its own laboratories. The number of patients has exploded in the last few months, so much so that we can't keep up with demand. An incentive programme for young doctors is being launched soon to give more of them foundational and advanced training in this area. We're even planning a special programme for omegas who are interested in a similar career. Isn't that wonderful?"
"I'm not sure yet what I expect to find. But I can't shake the feeling that Sebastian Moran is connected in some way with these murders. No matter how much he tries to deny it. There's something fishy about him. And I'm afraid the omegas are involved somehow."
"That… that was incredible. I didn't know that… Christ, that it was even possible for my knot to react outside of a heat. That's never happened before."
Not even life as an omega was as difficult as an alpha's. What was so bad about letting your partner protect and take care of you? Relinquishing a little responsibility in return for security? And that wasn't even mentioning the transcendental sex that omegas regularly got to engage in. At least if you put any stock in what the porn industry and the bonded alphas John had met in the military had to say; the latter never tired of boasting of their partner's phenomenal heats. Was doing a bit of housework and cooking really such a terrible price to pay to live carefree and satisfied?
Sherlock is back to his usual self again and meets John's gaze. Indecision reflected in the silver-blue eyes, something that John has rarely seen before. A mixture of regret and uncertainty.
Another curse and the sound of breaking glass finally set John in motion again. Whatever Sherlock was doing downstairs, it sounded as if John's presence were necessary. Even if the stubborn omega would never admit it.
"This letter turned up at Baker Street this morning. We assume that... it's from the same sender as the others... that it might be from Sherrinford," John said carefully.
Why in the world would he do something like that to his little brother?" Incredulity and naked rage distorted John's face. The happy images of a young Sherlock with his beloved Irish Setter were too fresh in his memory. Why should anyone want to destroy that happiness? "Mrs Holmes said that several pets in the neighbourhood had been poisoned or beaten to death... Was that... also Sherrinford?"
"I asked if you're going to ride me," John growled as he increased the pressure on the whorl of skin, although he didn't breach it yet. His stiff cock rubbed against Sherlock's erection, which was just as hot and hard as his. Moisture gathered at the tip, smearing Sherlock's abdomen.
Greg had texted John every day to keep him informed of the progress on the search, but he hadn't been able to tell him anything more than which section of the Thames they'd covered, and the inevitable "no luck". They'd only seen each other once since Sherlock's fall from Southwark Bridge. That had been more or less a coincidence, when Greg had gone to see Victor Trevor at the hospital in order to ask him some question about what had happened at the Rose Playhouse, and John had happened on them when he'd come for his daily visit.
At the last word, Sherlock's voice dropped an octave. One hand extracted itself from the embrace and slowly made its way down John's back to his arse. John gasped with surprise when fingers dug into his flesh and Sherlock scattered gentle kisses across his collarbone.
A peace offering. Could they have arrived at a detente already? They hadn't talked about anything that had happened 'recently.' Sherlock didn't like the formulation. After all, the last five years couldn't really be called 'recent.' And yes, he realised he was being unfair; John couldn't help the fact that Sherlock sensed him. John couldn't even help the fact that they'd bonded. At the same time, he continued to represent everything that was wrong with society. He was an alpha who enjoyed and took advantage of his role simply because it lay in his nature. Nothing was going to change about that.
The omega simply smiled her endearing smile, hooked her arm around John's, and pulled him along with her.
On the one hand, he wanted to punch Ryan in the face for saying that; break his nose and extinguish the self-satisfied grin perched on his lips. On the other hand – and Victor hated himself for it – the very same words set off an immense surge of lust that flowed directly into his groin and made him thrust hard in reflex. Sherlock's loud moan brought him back to reality.
“Oh,” Sherlock put the card in his bag. “I don’t know. My parents are sorting that. Is that… an omega school?”
John felt all the blood in his body drain to his feet. His head felt empty, and he wanted to disappear and catch on fire all at the same time. “Oh.”
, he had been about to say. He’d not thought about that man for weeks, concentrating on himself, his health, and Sherlock. The sudden invasion of the man into his mind made him feel sick. He swallowed hard.
“Just got it, have you?” Eurus was sitting halfway up the staircase. “We’re nothing but wombs on legs, to them. You thought you might be allowed to live like they do? They just want to breed us and that’s it. They
After a very long moment, Mycroft twitched his nose indignantly, and twisted on the spot as he vanished from the centre of Sherlock's flat.
“We kissed,” Sherlock blushed. “But it was always a secret, and doing anything else wouldn’t have been…”
A couple of other mature lads nodded. ‘It’s so bad. And they’re massive, so it’s worse than any baby teeth.’
The mirror went misty, and Sherlock turned the taps off, checking the temperature before climbing in, resenting how much the warm water did seem to help his aching uterus. He sank down to his neck, and closed his eyes for a moment, letting the water soothe him.
Sherlock was going to reply, when he heard, in the distance, the sound of a cab. He crossed over to the window, and pulled back the net curtain to see a black car driving slowly down the road. “John’s back.”
“Fuck you,” Sherlock pocketed the device, trying to think. “Have to get home. Get home, wait for John. John… that bastard, where the fuck is he?” Sherlock limped to the edge of the school grounds, climbing over the stone wall and dropping onto the pavement, aware he only had his phone and house keys on him.
Sherlock nodded, and stepped into John’s space, pressing his forehead into John’s sternum. John wrapped his arms around his shoulders.
It was awkward, and faintly gross again, but the baby was passed through John’s legs and up to his front. John took her, and planted her on his naked chest. She was still squawking, and Sherlock quickly draped one of the softer towels over her, John arranging it so his hands were on the top, keeping her warm.
“I can’t smell anything, obviously,” Lestrade shrugged, “but to me, he still looks like a kid. If you’re hoping to rescue him, maybe don’t rush into anything?”
“Well, she’ll go on my register as Baby Holmes, for now. I’ll come back tomorrow, and see how you’re getting on. Any bleeding that seems gushing, or pains that don’t go with over-the-counter painkillers, call us straight away, ok?”
The vampire heard John enter, stopping halfway in the room. He didn't open his eyes as John took quiet steps towards him. John’s heartbeat was close as the soldier loomed over.
“Oh…” Sherlock scented anyway, sniffing at his brother’s chest and suit, getting a little comfort from the closeness. Mycroft let him, stroking Sherlock’s hair gently.
Sherlock hummed a note of thanks, and carefully got up. His knees clicked, but he ignored them. All his joints ached, now. His skin hurt if you brushed against it in the wrong direction, and showering made him cry. His eyes throbbed under bright lights, and even something as simple as sitting on the toilet became an order, as sitting on the plastic seat hurt his thighs, and left bruises.
Sherlock rounded the corner, away from prying eyes, and went to sit down on the low wall surrounding the raised flower-beds. Something was not right.
Sherlock blushed, taking a deep breath, enjoying the fullness of his lungs, smiling at the message. John was thinking about him. About Chemistry, too, yes, but about him. Wondering what Sherlock was doing. That never got old. It felt fizzy and sparkling every time John text first.
Sherlock took the paper. The list of drugs on it was immense. Everything he took was a desperate aid to the body that so wanted to give up.
The smell of death was on the air, indeed. But it was mixed with life, and the living scent of John Watson’s blood. Though it was weak. They had hurt John. Perhaps very badly, if the death-scent was anything to go by. Broken his limbs, perhaps. Dead tissue had a distinct stink, and Sherlock realised that was what was gathering on his tongue.
“What happened?” the man bent to look Sherlock in the eye, and a vague scent of halitosis joined the ammonia smell. “You hit it too hard?”
“You are not a freak,” John said softly, running his thumb over Sherlock’s lower lip. “You’re Sherlock, you’re perfect, and you’re mine.”
John breathed out a slow breath. “Just… smaller. Slower.” He pinched his fingers together to indicate shrinking.
“You smell incredible,” John said, truthfully. “It’s unadulterated with pheromones. It’s pure, it’s good… It’s you, and that’s all I want.” He licked a thin stripe up Sherlock’s neck, and the student practically melted into the cushions, his body going pliant, legs parting, letting John closer, as close as possible whilst they were still clothed.
“Sherlock, just wait,” John said, his eyes shining, for a moment. “Just…” he reached out, and touched the soft curls at the back of Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock wanted to argue. But the truth was, he did feel a bit breathless, even if he did like his flat shape. And only Mycroft was here. He wasn’t about to call him ‘she’. He got up with a dramatic groan, and slumped up the stairs.
Sherlock was trying very hard not to panic. He was tired and shaky as well, and nearly tripped down the stairs as he carried towels and gloves back into the bedroom. John was still on the phone, shirtless and standing up, sweating so much he looked like he might drip.
Sherlock sighed, and went to fetch his lab coat, securing his goggles on top of his head before grabbing his biro and writing down the method in cursive, hiding a smile as John smudged his work, swearing under his breath.
Sherlock’s stomach did something that felt like it was going through one of those old mangles he’d seen at the museum. He pressed his lips together in case the contents of his insides were about to be squeezed up his throat.
“I love you,” John thrust his hips up, and Sherlock let out a cry. John snarled possessively, holding Sherlock still as he drove up again, his aching cock stretching Sherlock’s depths and sending fiery pleasure over the both of them.
“I guess he must be, but it’s my decision to keep quiet…” John realised what she must be thinking. “It’s not Sherlock’s.”
“Fuck,” John dug his teeth into Sherlock’s jaw, hard enough to mark. “You’re mine. I’ve wanted you… longer than I should…”
“I’m bonded, so no,” he snapped, bracing himself on the chair as he felt his bowels jolt in a seriously concerning manner. “Mycroft, please.”
“We’re almost on the bridge,” John said. He took Sherlock’s hand, lifting it and kissing his engagement ring.
John’s skin prickled as Sherlock stepped into his space, and the wall at his back felt very, very solid indeed. He swallowed, then gave his lips a nervous lick.
John’s stomach wasn’t as empty as he thought it was, and he barely caught his breath before a second wave hit him, and he groped for the flush.
Sherlock stretched, too, his tentacles all unfurling, and John could see now there were eight of them - and when stretched they were surprisingly long. If they fully extended Sherlock would be close to nine feet or more from head to tip, though his torso was proportioned like a man’s. His greyish skin was smooth, a pale blush at the centre of his chest and no nipples. No navel, either, which was downright strange. But those attributes were nothing compared to the thick mass of limbs growing from his waist. At their thickest point, where they met in a web of thick stretchy muscle, they were as round as John’s thigh. The tips were, however, incredibly fine, more slender than a pinky finger. As John watched, the arm-like appendages relaxed out of the stretch and he could see them undulating, changing thickness and size… And John knew they were delicate and gentle as well as strong.
Sherlock scooped the baby up with his free arm, transferring her to John with a fluid movement that took John by surprise. But he didn’t stop to think about it as he tucked his baby against himself, and watched her face turn instinctively to her mother, inhaling the scent she had grown in for the last nine months.
“Wait, what are you –” the rest of Sherlock’s words were stolen by a gasp as his feet left the ground. He grabbed John’s jacket in panic, the shorter man holding him firmly as they shot into the wintery sky.
“I see. And Mr Watson,” she turned in her chair to face John, who stood up. “You did not tell Mr Mayhew you were keeping your baby, nor did you tell him he was a father, correct?”
Sherlock smiled, and put a hand on the side of John’s face. It felt nice and cool. “John, this is entirely up to you. If you want to try, then try.” He kissed John’s forehead. “Do you want a bit of privacy?”
He sighed, and vanished from the locked office, reappearing in his own and John's bunk, only moments before John came in through the door, freshly showered, freshly dried, and freshly... Sherlock barely had to draw breath before he smelt it. He rolled his eyes as John jumped at the sight of him, standing.
Sherlock folded his arms, and huffed, as the surgeon gave a few instructions to his parents. It was so blindingly unfair. He only had a thin dressing on, but the bumps under his t-shirt were evident. He’d ended up like this because he was trying to get rid – it was a sick punishment that he should be forced to live with his breasts on display as a result.
Sherlock’s lips had clamped together. He prized them apart. “Today, he gave me the presents, and then… then, we were talking, and…”
He walked through the high-street to the pharmacy, head down, stomach churning with nerves and guilt.
A low rumble of an almost-growl crept up Sherlock’s throat, and he kicked off his own underwear before laying almost completely on top of his omega, one leg between John’s, pressing up firmly to his thigh became wet with slick.
John brushed his teeth miserably, then padded back into the bedroom and got under the covers. He was too shaky and tired to care that they were damp with sweat.
Patterson offered his hand to Sherlock, who took it, though his eyes were focused on the woman in the centre of the following of soldiers, her hands cuffed at her back. "Pleasure to meet you, Mr Holmes."
Sherlock noticed his cheeky look, and thrust up against him, making John’s hands slip on his chest as the omega gasped. “You look so perfect,” Sherlock breathed.
“John,” Sherlock said the next morning, as they buttered toast beside each other. “I… have to tell you something.”
“Miss,” Sherlock asked timidly as they went back to sign a few papers in the teacher’s office, “what happens if I… have a – a –”
A newspaper seller folded up a sandwich board and threw it into the back of his van. Sherlock caught sight of the word
“Mr Watson, I share your concerns, but unfortunately, Sherlock is not giving us any names or information about the incident. He was caught by the caretaker punching and kicking an alpha boy from his form. He won’t say if he was provoked, and neither will the other party. They are both being suspended as a result.”
Lestrade opened the box, and took out the antiseptic wipes. He unbuttoned his cuffs, and pushed his sleeves up to the elbow. Several cuts had bitten into his skin.
“So long as it doesn’t involve guns, I don’t care what you get up to,” John shrugged. “Don’t worry, your work wife will be safe with me.”
John didn’t look at his phone, and he couldn’t see a clock, so he had no idea how much time had passed by the time he was pushing three of his fingers, coned together, inside Sherlock’s soaking hole.
John and Mycroft moved at the same time, both of them getting Sherlock in a hug than ended with them all tangled together in the kitchen, Sherlock still trying to explain.
“I don’t get it,” John said, hands around his mug of tea. A plate of half-eaten toast and marmalade sat in front of him at the table. “So… he’s ill?”
“Why don’t you?” Sherlock asked, and John realised he’d said that out loud. “Why don’t you deserve this?”
The cold slowly ate through his clothes as the streetlights came on, orange glows against the night.
After that, there had been love, and kisses, and promises, and all sorts, before Sherlock said he needed a shower, and John curled up to wait for him.
“Almost as much as I miss you when I have to go home,” John stroked down his chin. “And that’s a lot, by the way.”
“Because you were told from the word ‘go’ that I was a boy. Your mind accepted it because there was no alternative. If you hadn’t known, what would you think? Would you see me like you do, if you’d known from the start? We’ll never know.”
John was shaking his head, but didn’t look like he was saying no the bath, exactly. He paced back and forth slightly before going back to the wall, as if he was trying to shake something off, or get away from it, but it wasn’t going away.
Sherlock's eyes darkened as he strolled over to the drama, standing behind the major. John's eyes showed a very muted, almost indifferent indignance until they flickered to Sherlock, when they widened in something that might have been shock, or warning.
A week later, Sherlock was alone, in the lab at St Bart’s. John had spent the morning being sick, which was way out of Sherlock’s comfort zone. He’d made himself scarce as soon as John said he’d be better as soon as he’d gone back to bed and slept it off.
John let Harry drop her bags off before dragging her out into the gardens. The less time they had to spend in the house, the better. He’d been looking forward to his sister coming for
"Oh, shit," John moaned, reaching up for Sherlock, fingers curling into his hair and pulling him down. “Sherlock, please…”
Cursing under his breath, John pulled on his joggers instead, and went rather sheepishly downstairs, where Sherlock was reading the papers. The alpha looked up in quiet surprise.
Sherlock came then, the fire inside him spilling into John as he gave a final hard thrust, deep inside, to the hilt. John swore, his legs shaking and slipping down from Sherlock’s shoulders, crashing into the mattress as Sherlock collapsed down as well, catching himself just short of falling on top of him.
Mycroft was in the sitting room when Sherlock got back. He looked up sharply as Sherlock walked in. A look of sheer relief passed over his face when he saw Sherlock was neither beaten nor bruised.
Sherlock smirked, and lifted Birdie out of the sling and gave her to Lestrade, who held her and started cooing at her. Birdie looked very unimpressed, and glared hard at him.
“Molly Hooper, went to London Met, studied double-honours chemistry and biology before moving onto post-grad medical studies,” Sherlock reeled off. “That’s you, isn’t it?”
“Good morning,” the vampire looked up. His suit looked as though it cost the same as the UK’s defence budget, and his dark red hair was thinning, slightly. “You’re Doctor Watson?”
John had to scratch his arms, the urge to stand up and hug Sherlock was almost overwhelming. His bond bite was throbbing, and his stomach was rolling like the inside of a washing machine.
“We’ll be there before you know it. And you have fun there, don’t you? You always come away with something.”
“Of tearing humans’ throats out? Quite. Of course, arriving here offered another explanation.” He stood straighter, and glanced at John. “You know, he beat you severely.”
themselves an omega to mate with, anymore. And it was a common practice, Sherlock. Baby boys were bid for – not with money, but with influence or jobs or power – and you were no different. Our parents were terrified for you, and for themselves. They were relieved when the law came into effect, because they believed you’d be able to find your own partner.’
They said their goodbyes, and John showed Greg out (or at least to the top of the stairs), before going back to the kitchen and starting to make himself a second breakfast.
“Erm, there’s a great Chinese food place we call up a lot,” Sherlock said, dithering, standing still. “Shall I ask for a selection? You’re not allergic to anything, are you?”
“I thought we were getting married because we had to,” John said. “I mean… my parents said it was… a good match.”
It took a moment of struggle, the two of them trying to meet, and John’s elbow slipping on the bed, and Sherlock tensing at just the wrong moment.
The medical staff cleared away, before another nurse put her head around the door. “John, there’s someone to see you…” the wary look in her eyes told him who it was.
Sherlock just held his hand, as he thought. John watched his face, as if he could maybe get a clue about the alpha’s thoughts if he stared hard enough. All he could see were Sherlock’s pale eyes, the line of his jaw, the hook of his nose. Despite his mood, a tiny spark of happiness prickled under John’s skin. Happiness, and hope.
Sherlock went over and picked up Molly’s sample, putting the lid on and carrying it over to the chamber.
“Not the kind that happens in heats,” Sherlock brought his knees up again. “Not the begging, breeding, bonding kind.” He pulled a face. “Everyone talks about it. Laughs about it. Well. Most people.”
“There are tablets you can take, to delay coming of age,” Mycroft said quickly. “Sherlock suggested them as soon as you left the manor that first day – he was very concerned about your age. Siger was furious – he lashed out at Sherlock, and forbade him to mention the subject again. I broke them apart.”
you start – Quinlan, I don’t care if your book’s been on fire, you’re going to have to find a clean page…”
Sherlock stood stiffly for a second, then relaxed into John’s touch, absorbing the warmth and pleasantness of the embrace. He sniffed at the hinge of John’s jaw, catching a scent of darkness and cinnamon-like spice, which quickly vanished as he failed to detect it further. John’s hands were on his back, holding him gently, so he could pull back if he needed to, but he didn’t want to. He inhaled along John’s neck again, and felt John do the same to him, a soft scenting that felt like home.
John let Sherlock lead, their kisses starting off gentle and curious, then drifting into something deeper. Sherlock hunched his shoulders as they kissed, trying to avoid his chest touching John’s, and John did the same, keeping the space between them that Sherlock needed.
The feeling of power and surety flooded through Sherlock again. He did that! With only a look! Who else could say they had such control over a stranger? Sherlock was about to say something about how easy it was to make the teenager blush, when something surfaced in his brain.
“Can you do it?” Sherlock asked, lowering his gaze as he looked at John. “Please? Just tell me… if it’s good or bad?”
John’s hand slipped into his own, prising his fingers from their iron grip, and softly holding on, like an anchor in the storm of Sherlock’s thoughts.
“Hm.” John followed him through the plastic sheeting, and went over to the forensics table as Sherlock went with Greg to view the corpses proper. To John’s surprise, Molly Hooper was there, mask over her face as she organised samples into plastic packets. “Didn’t think you’d be here, Doctor Hooper.”
“There’s nothing – Oh!” Sherlock’s eyes went wide as John kissed at his neck, nosing the hinge of his jaw. “Oh…”
“Quite…” Mycroft looked towards the order desk, and beckoned. John was about to say they didn’t do table service until a boy brought over three teas. Mycroft handed him a folded twenty-pound note, and he trotted off.
Sherlock went from being let loose through the house and garden to being treated as though he was made of glass. He was encouraged to take up music (which he excelled in), and to play with dolls (which got tiresome after a few hours), and even to spend more time with his mother in the kitchen, or when she was cleaning. He didn’t quite understand why, and when he asked, no one answered him properly.
Sherlock watched. The thirst would begin soon. “Why don’t you change, and we can discuss… oh, I wouldn’t…” he reached to stop John as he picked up the fallen bottle of water and carefully uncapped it, though accidentally squeezing it too hard so some slopped over the carpet.
"Don't be a prick," John pointed with his fork. "Anyway, you said eating is distracting," he forked up some sweet potato, "and you're here to do a job."
He must have been so scared, sitting on the sofa, waiting to see the thirty-year-old man who he expected to bite him and mate with him. God, he’d been expecting it.
“I meant with your studies. Your report from school was beside the fridge. I hope you don’t mind, but I had a read of it whilst I waited for my turn at the champagne.”
‘It’s bigotry,’ John snapped. ‘And that omega rights bill they’ve been on about for years has been pushed back again. It’s like people with their own interests – and they must be sick ones – don’t want omegas to have the same rights as everyone else. Why would you deny someone that? It’s disgusting.’ He stood, and picked his bike up. ‘I’m going home.’
“No… They…” Sherlock pressed his lips together. “What do you know about inheritance laws, Doctor Watson?”
“Didn’t expect to see you here,” James said. His speech had a tiniest slur to it – product of the stretched skin beside his mouth. The scars were awful – there was no point in denying that they weren’t – but they didn’t take away from the handsome charm of the alpha soldier.
He sat in his jacket, feeling uncomfortably warm, starting to sweat slightly, his bladder (which he had been forbidden to empty before he went in to see the nurse) aching with the urge to burst. He’d finally dispensed with the long sleeves beneath his shirts, the mess and scars on his arms still hidden beneath his shirt sleeves, unseen by anyone he worked with, even from Sherlock.
John felt his entire world grind to a halt. Dread, as heavy as cold rocks, thumped into his stomach, dragged sharp edges through his heart as it went. “…what?”
“Oh, and… if you get tired of this lark… we’re always looking for talented blokes in Forensics,” the detective smiled. “Just something to think about. John.”
John caught his arm. “Hey – you didn’t make me do anything. I wanted to help you. I know it’s come as a shock, but I’ll help you through the rest, if you need me to. I can sort you out some counselling, or  -”
‘You don’t look like one.’ Sherlock gave a sad smile. ‘It doesn’t look like it suits you, but you don’t look like an idiot.’
If Sherlock could hear a whispered conversation, he could certainly hear how John's heart started galloping in his chest at the sights of the vampire’s seductive eyes. It wasn't desire - fuck no - it was the sort of guarded fear you got when someone in the room had a gun, but they weren't pointing it at you, quite yet. But they could.
Heat rushes through his body at the sensation of Sherlock’s erection against his own. Sherlock has one knee raised, maybe an unconscious invitation for more, but there simply isn’t time. Not today.
John stared at him, then blinked and his expression turned to an irritated disbelief. "Like hell, you will."
“You’re not in trouble, I promise,” Sherlock said quickly. “He’s my beta brother, he… he knows what you did, to help me, and he wants to speak to you.”
John sighed, watching Violet coo and sing to her granddaughter. He rested his head in his hand, and felt his eyes grow heavy. Sherlock stroked his head. If he could just get a little bit of rest…
The push seemed to disembody him. He couldn’t remember how to control his muscles, how to get his body to do what he wanted. His body was pushing, but in fluttering movements that were no help to anyone. John wanted to slap himself, he felt like he was half-asleep wrapped in a blanket of pain.
“I see.” Sherlock’s pale blue eyes flicked towards the beaker of flowers, and then back again. “Well. Don’t mind me.” He closed the bathroom door again.
Sherlock gave a final thrust forward, forcing his knot inside John, who keened in delight, finally getting what he needed as what felt like litres of come spilled inside him, flooding his omega womb, seeking to get him pregnant as quickly as possible.
“Uh…” he knelt up as he flushed it, wincing and dragging himself up to the sink to wash his mouth out. “Guess that’s just the start…” He swished mouthwash around his mouth, and spat. His stomach cramped again, but he wasn’t sick.
“Then, that’s all that matters.” John closed the book. He stood, and stretched, and gave Sherlock a lazy sort of smile. “Choices, too.”
“I… I don’t know if parenting suits anyone. But I…” he tried to articulate what he felt. How he would fight a tiger with his bare hands to protect his daughter. How he’d take a bullet or five for John, his mate. How he couldn’t begin to think about the person he was before he had this.
Victor held a hand up, and opened the door properly. “I think you should come in. I… I’ve been wondering when this day would come. Expected it sooner, to be honest. I knew the risk, when we met. But…” he blinked the shine from his eyes, “come in. Sherlock won’t be long.”
Lestrade let out a sigh, and made to step closer, then stopped. His shiny shoes were scuffed on one edge, and the heel was worn down. He walked a lot. John gripped his own legs tighter, the acrid smell of on-edge alphas filling his nose.
“No…” John shook his head, and reached for the mirror. The glass broke under his fingers, the fractured glass refusing to pierce his skin. “No…” his voice broke in a sob. “No, no, no…No, Sherlock, please tell me you didn’t…”
John’s nose normally identified Sherlock’s scent as a familiar unbonded alpha, and a potential mate. He was used to that, and it was easy to almost ignore. But right now the scent was so strong it bypassed attractive and barrelled straight into Possible Threat.
The two syllables hit John like a train, knocking whatever he’d planned to say next out of his mind and killing off the budding interest that he now shamefully realising he’d been including in his assessment of the boy. John blanched, gripping the doorframe behind him as nausea washed through his bones. "Fif-fifteen?"
They were sitting close together, working on something. They were older, at Uni maybe, going through great big textbooks.
‘No reason,’ his dad pulled an innocent face. ‘Didn’t realise they were back in fashion, that’s all.’
John took the tablet Mycroft offered him, which made him drowsy enough to fall asleep as soon as the car engine started. He woke up when they got to Central London, and checked his seatbelt and his car door as Mycroft navigated the traffic.
John sat back and took in the sight. A seventeen-year-old omega, with his omega daughter in the crook of his arm, in their warm home. With him. “I never thought things would end up like this,” he said suddenly.
Sherlock tapped on his phone as he spoke. "Where you're going to live? Don't be ridiculous, John. You're going to live with me. It only makes sense. I have a bedroom which I don't use, a territory which is safe and protected by myself, a job which generally takes me away from home. Once you're back at work, it will reduce the time we spend with each other even more unless you move in with me."
“Um, I was wondering if you had anything stronger than paracetamol,” John touched his head again. “This headache just won’t shift.”
Only Mycroft seemed to be able to find him. And that was hardly difficult – Sherlock’s brother had just been given some sort of vital role in government security. And yet, the older Holmes would always turn up in the dingiest of places, when Sherlock was being sick, or trying to stem bleeding that had happened once he’d yanked a needle from his arm too hard. He would always turn up. And they had an agreement – Sherlock would never lie to him about what he had taken, and how much.
Sherlock’s mind, rather than drifting pleasantly as it usually did, snapped into awareness. It was so sudden that he gasped. He was aware of
“Because they could say no!” John stepped forward. “They could weigh up the pros and cons and decide they don’t need the hassle.”
"Well, d'you want to do something? There's the new leisure centre opened up, we could check it out."
mate with him, one day. He needed more than a promise. He needed… something he didn’t know how to describe.
“I’ll go, then. Probably a delivery.” John ruffled Sherlock’s hair as he passed, trying to catch the tangerine smell again, but it hadn’t returned since that first day of suspension. He went down the steps and opened the door smartly.
“Greg, it’s covered in piss,” John said, with enough embarrassment for it to spread. He tucked it over his arm. “Excuse me…”
John felt as if he was two people at once. The doctor who sort of remembered how to birth a baby, and the omega who had no fucking idea what he was doing. He reached a hand down whilst Sherlock was upstairs, and touched at his swollen body, trying to figure out how much time he had. His waters hadn’t burst, which would make this easier, but this was all too
‘Good, then you can strip the bed. I’m going in the shower.’ John darted away from the bed and into the bedroom, laughing like the cat that got the cream as he locked the door.
Sherlock stirred, his foggy brain forcing him awake. Someone was touching him. Touching him with certainty and want… it felt so good to have a hand running down his back…
Sherry gave him an amused look. “He works selling insurance, John. This isn’t his money. It’s mine. Holmes Baby trust fund. Mycroft secured it, after… our dad died.” He looked embarrassed, then. “We all got the same. Even Eurus, though hers is used to pay for her care, for now.”
"Yes," Sherlock responded, grinning into John's skin as he ground their hips together. "It's better to wait until just before your climax. It will feel better for you, and taste better for me."
“John is coming home with me, where he belongs,” Sherlock said. “You’ve caused enough damage. I admit that hormones may have played a significant part in this… obsession of yours, but this has to stop. You are not your feelings, James Sholto. Don’t let what you can’t have tell you what to do.”
Sherlock chased his lips, pulling him closer by the hip in a very confusing display of dominance, but John didn’t object. “I can’t believe they’ve made us have separate rooms.”
Instead he picked it up carefully, and shoved it under his chin, his left arm already protesting. He lifted the bow, and drew a shaking note, his fingers crying out in pain.
. Manor. John had only set foot in a manor whilst visiting National Trust properties. He knew Sherlock came from old money, but still… “I’m going to need to go shopping,” he said.
“I would play along, Sherlock,” Mycroft warned. “You need her, for a referral, if surgery is still what you want.”
“It’s… no, don’t worry…” John lifted the juice again, and took another drink. Then smiled a moment later, as he felt it again.
John would never forgive him. It would break John’s heart. And Mycroft, too. And probably their parents. They had been trying. They had, Sherlock had to admit. They didn’t call him a girl, anymore, and they bought him clothes and things for boys… it hadn’t been a straight road, but Sherlock was, really, surrounded by people who loved him for who he was.
‘Not yet,’ he murmured, moving for another kiss. Sherlock gave it to him, one arm rigid on the bed for balance, the other touching lightly at John’s back. Their bodies moved as they kissed, their erections bumping against one another in a delicious torture that made both of them flinch and shudder.
“You’re a disgrace,” Siger snarled. “Not only playing rough sports like some common beta, but I smell a teenage alpha on you. When were you going to own up to that?”
Sherlock instantly understood what was expected of him, and concentrated hard to try and copy the marks. He struggled with the ‘S’, and the ‘e’, but the other letters came well enough, and though his effort was wobbly and large, it clearly said ‘Shэrlock’. His name. He had written his name. A picture of the word of his name.
“I’m ok,” John took a drink, focussing on the chocolate taste. “Sorry, I shouldn’t have tried to touch you. My own fault.”
He moved again, testing to see if he could get away without hurting either himself, or Sherlock. It wasn’t exactly an easy task – the one tentacle wrapped around his bare thigh tightened up, brushing against the curve of his arse, making John tense slightly. The tentacles hadn’t explored
John’s good intentions dried up in his mouth. “Hi,” he croaked out. “Come in, I’m just… finishing off.”
Chances are, John would have stayed glued to his desk all day if that hadn’t happened. He picked up his wallet and signed out for lunch, planning to call into the post office to top up Sherlock’s dinner card. The streets were busy, as usual, and John mentally catalogued everyone he went past. Alpha, omega, beta, beta, alpha, beta, omega…
“My John,” Sherlock went to put his arms around John’s shoulders, then changed his mind, reaching down to push and kick off his pyjama bottoms, settling back naked from the waist down, his small cock pressed against the huge, hot thing John was sporting. “God…” he thrust up again, against John’s cock, drawing gasps and flinches from the alpha, who didn’t seem to know where to look, or where to put his hands.
“I think he saw value in him,” Mycroft said gently. “Victor made Sherlock not think about drugs. Made him not think about you. He was a kind man, and he understood Sherlock’s struggle with addiction. They suited one another.”
He had no idea how much time had passed. Minutes, hours, days..? Who knew? He was flitting in and out of reality, his mind focussing only on the real world for short bursts of time before it was screaming once more for a cock, a knot, a bite, a mate.
The second time, was less panic-driven, but just as bad. They were just out of their Chemistry exam, and sprawled on the playing field at the back of school, swigging water and talking about the paper. Sherlock was certain he would get 100%, whilst John was worried about passing at all.
John didn’t know whether he agreed with that, or not. He stayed quiet and let the group talk around him as they occasionally lobbed stones into the river that ran through the park. Their bikes were on the ground, muddy and well-used. John thought about Sherlock learning to ride a bike. About scuffed shins and muddy legs, and a kiss under the trees.
John took Sherlock's face in his hands and forced him into a kiss, deep and long, their tongues searching each other, searing pleasure through to their nerve endings.
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes,” John said clearly. “I’ve loved you for a long time, and I should have told you sooner, but I was a coward. A scared coward, who thought he was doing the right thing by avoiding you, giving you what I thought was space.”
“Alright, moment of truth! Here you go…” she turned the screen around. A baby-shaped shadow flexed their legs on the screen.
Harry looked up at the table-occupants – Siger, Violet, Eurus, Sherlock, and her brother, before opening her mouth. “Which university are you going to, Sherlock?”
He called into the Costa in the hospital before leaving, sensing his blood sugar was low – certainly nothing a hot chocolate wouldn’t cure. He sat at one of the tables with his frothy, marshmallow-covered drink, and read through his notes. Everything was fine. He was healthy, there was no protein in his pee, and he was booked in for a scan in five weeks.
“There you go, Captain Watson,” the nurse said. “If you wanted to go for a walk, you’re welcome to. It’d do you good to get out of this room. And you have your... visitor. B-boyfriend?”
John watched him the night before school started for the autumn. Sherlock was still a little boy – round-faced and cute and wearing a t-shirt that said ‘
Lestrade let out an aggravated sigh. “I’ve gone through the records, and as things stand, it’s surprisingly complicated. John is legally betrothed to Sherlock, making him Sherlock’s property. Sorry, John, that’s how it’s stands in law. But, at the same time, John’s legal
"No, it's not," John sighed. He yanked his t-shirt over his damp hair. "It's just his personality, stop being a wanker about it."
The woman in the couple turned, and John caught a mellow scent of omega, past her prime, but the scent was still there. She was the image of Sherlock, with her cheekbones and pale skin, and hair which might once have been dark but was now grey.
Sherlock comes for his tutorial, but he isn't interested in catching up with class. He has a secret to tell John, and he needs his help.
? He went back to his book. No chance of asking… his parents were on the opposite side of the pool, and Mycroft was to the edge, still in his suit trousers and shirt, though he’d taken off his tie as proof that he was on holiday, even if he was typing away on his laptop.
Sherlock stared back, before letting out a breathy single laugh. “You still think I am only building a relationship with you because of your gender? Oh, John…” he gave a smile. “It isn’t your gender I want. Not your hormones, or your scent, or anything like that. If they go away… you’ll still be the man who walked into the lab at Bart’s months ago. Still John Watson. Who I… want to be with.”
Sherlock turned back to his laptop, typing in the address for his school server. He bypassed the staff login easily, and left a program running in the background, working its way into the administrative system.
“I think Sherrinford will ask Alfie to come over,” Sherlock mused, his deep voice rumbling at the back of John’s head. “It looks like a Holmes family Christmas, if everyone is here.”
Firm and sturdy tentacles grabbed him around the middle, picked him up out of the boat, and deposited him on the rock with only a few water-stains on his clothes.
,’ Sherlock sighed. He had stopped shaking, now, and he was starting to panic less. ‘It’s ok. I wanted to.’
Pleasure from vampire bites wasn't a secret - someone humans actually sought it out, though they tended to live rather fleeting lives. Vampires did not appreciate being the subject of a fetish. But the heady rush people sought also fired up other bodily responses.
Sherlock came over, glowering with thought. “More like a chicken carcass in the fridge, but the simile works well enough, Lestrade.” He looked at John. “Did you want a look?”
“Silver nitrate,” John said quickly. “It’s in the air. Don’t breathe. We need to get you out of here. Can you move?”
Sherlock charged out of his room, staggering and falling into the banister on the landing before half-falling down the stairs, hurting himself further, but hardly feeling it. The detachment he sought was coming, now, numbing his nerves and killing the recognition of pain.
Greg Lestrade stood, panting for breath. “Davidson. On the run. Caught in the act this time. Will –”
“Shut up,” Eurus threw an ice cube at her brother, and he ducked, steering John by the shoulders out into the drawing room. “Girls on heat, they’re a nightmare, I tell you.”
“I think they had a lot of guilt,” Sherlock said, embracing him from behind. “But they can’t buy their way out of that. They’re going to have to prove it a lot more.”
James blinked, and shook his head. “But you had a heat? So… odds are you’d get pregnant, right? And he hasn’t gotten in touch?”
“Sherlock has had no trouble at school,” Mycroft said. “Sher… he has been doing well in classes, and getting on with the other students –”
Lestrade watched this internal wrangling for a moment. “Did you think about the baby?” he asked. “Or just John?”
Joseph shrugged. ‘It’s just sex, at the end of the day. You don’t have to enjoy it, just get on with it.’
"Okay." John carried on eating, lifting some greens and noodles so a pungent wave of scent was released.
The drugs hit his empty stomach and fizzed, frothing up his throat horribly, so Sherlock had to sick them up in the sink as quietly as he could. He rinsed his mouth out, and considered waking John, then saw the time.
Sherlock gave a great sigh. ‘Thanks. For back there. You’ve got better eyes than me, I didn’t even see you until you were right there.’
“Rest assured, Doctor Watson, Sherlock’s status as an Unpresented has, so far, been entirely natural. However, he will be twenty years old after Christmas, and I worry about how much time he has left.”
Victor gave a single shake, then let go with a carefree smile, going off to join the line for his results.
John felt the urge to clear his throat. He ignored it, and spoke through the choke, instead. “When can I try eating?” He sounded like an eighty year-old
Sherlock’s knee was bobbing up and down. ‘When we talked last summer. And we said… nothing was going to happen. I didn’t really want that.’
“They were both betas,” John said. “I don’t think they quite understood what it was to be… me. They were a bit embarrassed about it, I think. So, after they died, I ended up living with Sherlock’s family.”
“I mean, you’ve got to watch that sort of thing, haven’t you? Even betas, I guess, have to be on guard. Nice guy, army pension, decent job, you get some woman or omega who, er,
“I really wish you hadn’t,” Sherlock said, eyes still shut. “That’s all you’re going to think of, now. Me, with – with – with – ”
“Remembering now, are you?” John smiled wider, and for a moment Sherlock thought he saw a weird glow around the man. “You had a great impact on Doctor Hooper’s life, and then she on yours in return. The world is a different place, now.”
Sherlock got to his feet and folded the blanket up as John picked up the things. “I don’t want to pretend it didn’t happen, you know.”
,” John snarled, tightening the grip with his legs against Sherlock’s, and urging the head of Sherlock’s thick alpha cock inside himself with a gasp.
He could still change his mind. He could still shove on his uniform from his old school, make out his new clothes hadn’t come in time – no one would care, that much.
“I know what he is,” John said. He turned, and put his mug on the counter-top. “He has to ask because he wasn’t there.”
“John, please,” Sherlock breathed, breaking the spell, slightly. “Please, it… I need –” his words were cut off into a filthy moan.
, Sherlock thought to himself as he took his seat. It was strange – the way people had talked, you’d think he would be having to leave the house under armed guard. But this wasn’t much different from before.
Sherlock wailed at the sensation, glancing over his shoulder to see. John moved his hips slowly, milking the last of his come from himself before sighing, taking in the sight of the gorgeous, naked and come-covered omega – of
Crushing disappointment steamrollered into him, then. He put his head on the desk with a bang, and didn’t even bother trying not to cry. Tears rolled down his nose and cheeks, soaking the wood, and kept coming as he tried to wipe them away, wetting his jumper sleeves, smearing tears across his skin, tasting salt, his chest shaking as great heaving sobs started to wrack through his body.
‘Understandable.’ Magnussen moved his hand to scrape his nails over Sherlock’s skin, wrist to finger-tips. Sherlock shivered, and the alpha smirked. ‘It will be better in your heat. You’ll come to me. And I… cannot wait to see it.’
“Not that I know of, but then I’m not bonded. I always thoughts bonds were harsher on omegas…” James sipped his drink. “Maybe we’ve been lied to, all these years.”
‘I have no idea what he thought,’ Mycroft shrugged. ‘Clearly he was a poor future-planner. He may have thought it wouldn’t come to this, that may even be why he allowed you and John to become so close.’
‘I’ll never push you into anything,’ she said firmly. ‘Ever. It’s illegal, and you need to be the one who chooses, Sherlock. But you will be so much safer as a bonded omega, and if you can find someone who will love you, support you, support your learning and hobbies and interests, allow you to grow and keep you safe… that’s what I want for you, Sherlock. For you to have everything you were talking about. University. To be more than a parent, if that’s what you choose. Not every alpha would give you that. Almost none would. If you find one you think would? You keep him in mind.’ She eased out of his arms. ‘Bonding isn’t the sentence you think it is, Sherlock,’ she said. ‘For a lot of omegas, it’s the closest thing we can have to freedom.’
His dad looked almost amused. “You will. But for now… do you want me to speak to Mr and Mrs Holmes? About letting you two be friends in the daylight, again?”
Sherlock decanted the tube’s contents into a beaker, and wrote down his observations. He had to ignore Moriarty. Mycroft was clearly on the case, Sherlock had no lessons with Jim after this one, and if he could just make it to the end of the school day, everything would be fine.
“Luck of the draw,” Greg smiled. “I was in a patrol car off the high-street. Someone came running to say they’d seen three alphas approach an omega on his own. I didn’t know it was you until…”
‘Well, he’s had a bit of a day. John!’ the nurse turned her volume up. ‘John, keep your eyes open. We need you awake before we can take you onto a ward.’
“Never would be preferable,” Violet sighed. “We have yet to find an omega who has the fortitude to control Eurus, and it’s doubtful we ever will, and even so… once we were dead, a vast fortune would be in the hands of a young man not in his right mind.”
“I don’t know.” John pushed his tea over for him to take. “I genuinely don’t know what the answer is. I want things to be how they were, because I – I miss being with you like before.” He touched absently at his neck. “I don’t want this mad bastard to drive a wedge between us. But if it’s not this that does it, is it going to be something else?”
Sherlock nodded. “It’s weird.” His fingers were itching, his insides felt fluttery, and he wanted… he just wanted to not be stood in the doorway, and to… He bit his lip, glancing at John’s neck. He wanted to scent the alpha who’s den this was. He needed to. It was like trying to hold back a sneeze.
‘I suppose.’ John pulled Sherlock closer, finding his lips and kissing properly. ‘Guess you’re stuck with me now,’ he said through the water and kisses. ‘Both of us.’
Mycroft made him have a blood test, conducted at home with a kit provided by a doctor Mycroft was friends with. Sherlock wouldn’t let Mycroft stick a needle in his hand or elbow for fear that Magnussen would see it and ask questions, so they had to use a vein in Sherlock’s foot. Fortunately, there was little bruising afterwards, but the test confirmed the presence of pregnancy hormones in Sherlock’s blood.
John ignored the advice entirely. He checked, and double-checked, the weather which promised to be a fine day. He took out a boat, hiring one as his own had been lost in the storm. He would have to replace it, and it wouldn’t be cheap. His boat had belonged to his father, though he had never taken it out. John had taught himself to row and navigate as a teenager, spending more time out on the water than he did at home. He had made plans to join the navy as soon as he was old enough, but after the accident…
“I can’t wait for that to be real,” Sherlock said, as they walked arm in arm through the high-street. “That was… I can’t describe it.”
And there was, just visible in the distance, between the buildings, a large screen blazing an image, unreadable headlines scrolling past on the bottom.
you, but I respect you enough after these few days. You were kind to Oliver, and you didn't make a big deal about me freaking out at night, and you're a stickler for getting to the truth. So, I respect you. Even if I don't really understand you."
“Mm.” Sherlock turned, the corner of the desk pressing into his bottom as he leaned against it. “I’ve been thinking. About next year, when I leave school.”
The gardens of Kew were spectacular, but Sherlock followed John blindly, through the plants, along the twinkling paths, to…
He padded downstairs, and was relieved that the two alphas weren’t in the sitting room, they were in the same positions as before, in the kitchen. John suspected this was on purpose. They were worried about spooking him, like he was a delicate racehorse, or something.
,” Sherlock snarled. “And I didn’t care. I didn’t care I was dying, don’t you get how fucked-up that is? I didn’t care about being dead, about leaving Mummy, or you, or anyone else. I was just pissed off about being able to finish the work. But now… Now I know what I’ve been missing. What I will be missing.”
“Yes,” John said, his fingers interlocking. “But that… I mean, I was having therapy for one thing, but then when I was in the army I needed it for something else, so…”
Cannot overstate the warning for this one, do not put yourself at risk by reading if this is at all triggering to you.
He sort of remembered the conversation between the doctor and his mother, but the significance of it would not dawn on him until several years later.
John nodded, and waited until he heard Mycroft’s footsteps reach the hall before shutting the door and locking it. He wobbled over to the bed, and sat on the edge, feeling the firm un-used feel of the mattress.
John’s fingers slid, slick with lubricant, between the folds of Sherlock, bringing his cock hard, making him shudder and twitch his hips when John’s fingers dipped inside him, tracing the shape of his entrance, the pleasure to be found either side on the smooth flesh, where damp hair curled and stuck, and welcomed.
“Technically she’s thirty-two weeks,” John said, wincing as the baby girl let go and re-latched with enthusiasm. “So, she’ll be in for another fortnight at the least.”
It took hours for everything to be sorted, photographed, interviews done, and the body taken away in the ambulance.
John turned, and quickly pecked Sherlock on the cheek, making the alpha almost fall off the railing in shock. “Happy New Year,” he said quickly, turning back to the display.
“He was trying…” Sherlock stopped, pressing his lips together. His eyes shone for a second. “He was trying to –”
Mr Thorne straightened up. ‘That’s good. Concentrate on that, for now,’ he said in a normal voice. ‘We need to fill your mind with as much knowledge as possible, whilst we’ve got the chance.’
John did his physio religiously - being able to have a career as a doctor in the civilian life that awaited him depended on his ability to use both his arms completely.
“She needs feeding,” Sherlock sighed, sitting up and pulling his tshirt off, dropping it to the floor. There were pale yellow circles on the front from milk stains. “Going to do that, are you?”
shining in his eyes in the gloom. A throb of hot desire went straight to John’s cock, and John had to shift again to hide the twitch, the scent of his arousal permeating the room.
Mycroft cleared his throat awkwardly. “Well. The offer. Is there. Courtesy of me. And if I don’t see you… Merry Christmas.”
“I never thought I’d be here long enough for it to matter!” John held his hands up. “And when… Sherlock, I didn’t want anything to – to happen without me telling you, so that’s why –”
Sherlock didn’t jump, through a lifetime of conditioning. He didn’t even look up from his work. “Mycroft.”
“It’s fine,” John relaxed his grip on Sherlock. “Just… Think about what you’re doing before you snarl at my pregnant mate, yeah?”
"Don't know why they're not asking why he's taking so long. What did the coroner say?" James relinquished his grip on John's head and allowed him to gasp.
"What condition?" Sherlock asked quietly, his voice hard. Dread ran through him, followed shortly by pure and raw anger at his brother. He shoved it all down, for the moment.
This week off was very welcome. They could spend time together, and wake up slowly, and do things other than do homework and eat increasingly experimental meals.
“John – it’s ok – knot me – bite me – I want you – please – it’s all I’ve wanted – just do this – please…” he collapsed again, arse in the air, his twitching hole begging for cock.
Sherlock gave her a tiny smile, and sat beside her on the couch as his father examined the books set into the walls.
“I think I can smell you growing up,” John said, by way of an explanation. “Only very subtly. And not all the time. But I can, every now and again.”
John had no choice but to submit. His entrance was clenching around the thrusts, his hole stretching and tightening as the swelling knot was shoved in and out of him, slick splattering the bedsheets as their skin slapped together. Sherlock was taking him hard and fast – taking him and claiming him, because this was an act of ownership.
John had to wonder what sort of life he was going to make for his unborn baby. One where they went from place to place, never staying anywhere long? Or would John find a single alpha, one who was sympathetic to their situation, and submit to their bite just to keep a roof over his and his baby’s head?
‘I don’t know about an interest,’ Sherlock said. ‘But I fucked up once, and he covered for me. He didn’t have to, but he did.’
Sherlock nodded. They collected their things, and walked around to the bike sheds. John got his bike out, and Sherlock got on the back, on the seat, hanging onto the saddle’s edge as John pedalled them away from school.
“Not really. You will make other vampires curious, for certain. But our family is old. And respected. It would be a terrible risk for them to hurt you. It would bring my family’s wrath upon their heads. You don’t need to fear.” He sipped back at his straw, and made a face. “The trouble with this is it congeals so quickly.”
“Ok,” John nodded, wondering if he could let an alpha’s name into his new phone without feeling like they were writing their name on his things. “Um… have a good time.”
More spitting. “Why’s it so important, anyway? You don’t die, even if you starve yourself for ages.”
“We thought it best to simply give him a warning, and transfer him to another school,” Mycroft said, passing over a mug. “It is a first offence, even if it is rather severe cyber-crime.”
“Spying on people is rude,” Sherlock said, storming in. “Lestrade might be as thick as two short planks, but I am not. Don’t spy on me!”
The note sat on the mantelpiece, unread, for now. John didn’t have it in him to read it, quite yet. He suspected it would be full of apologies and reasoning… and he didn’t need that, right now.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked in a half-smile. “So, that’s what happens when we die, then?” He nodded at John. “Angels. Heaven. That’s all real, then?”
“I don’t know,” John said through gritted teeth. “You’re supposed to count in the gaps between pains, but it doesn’t feel like there
“Leave it, Greg. You were arranged to Sherlock. I was arranged to Mycroft. We’ve swapped. We’re getting what we want, not what we were told to have. Grow up.”
John took a deep breath. “I can sort my own shower,” he said, with dignity. He untied Lestrade’s jacket from around his waist. “I’ll get this dry-cleaned, Greg.”
“God, this isn’t worth it,” Victor withdrew, and pulled the covers over them both. He wrapped an arm around the sorrowful omega. Sherlock hid his face in the pillow. “Sherlock…”
The elderly lady stepped into the kitchen with decisive steps, set the square tin she'd brought with her onto the table in passing, and stopped in front of John. Without hesitating a second, she reached out her wrinkled hands, cupped his face, and stroked his cheeks with her thumbs. It took a concerted effort on John's part not to let himself be moved too deeply by the unconditional concern in her expression. He turned away from her brown eyes and gave her a pained smile.
"I'm so happy the two of you found each other, Sherlock," she said as she sautéed the onions. "The first time I met John, it was as if some fundamental part of him was missing; not unusual when an alpha is separated from their omega. But with John... I don't know. He really seemed to be missing a piece of his soul. I could always sense this profound yearning in him. Is that how you felt too?" she asked.
John's head felt as if it had been swept clean. Sherlock not only filled his entire field of vision, but every cell in his body too. Every hard thrust shook John in a way that made him feel completely owned, making him moan hoarsely and pant for air. The slap of skin on skin filled the room. John twisted and turned with the urge to touch himself and bring himself to climax, but Sherlock held him in an iron grip.
There was a treacherous feeling inside him, a feeling that spoke of things Victor hadn't believed he was acquainted with. It gnawed its way through his guts, leaving a bloody battlefield in its wake.
Sherlock didn't mention the fact that the refrigerator was always well stocked, and that John frequently cooked enough for both of them. He would wait until John was finished and had cleared out before eating whatever had been prepared alone in the kitchen.
However, John couldn't see enough for these to be more than suppositions. There was too much blood covering the Lord's body for individual injuries to be clear. John simply based his conjectures on the similarity to the scenes of the other murders.
John made a sound of agreement as he licked his way clockwise around Sherlock's sphincter. He tried to make his tongue as pointy as possible in order to thrust inside Sherlock's quivering body and coax more of the sounds he loved to hear out of his omega.
"I believe you know the answer to that," Sherlock said with a smirk and went into the kitchen, where he filled the kettle and turned it on.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and sat up without taking his eyes off John. It was the first time he'd been able to observe John touching himself; the first time he had images to go with the sounds that had seeped down to him late at night. Fully erect, John's alpha cock was huge; almost alarmingly so, in fact. John's hand could barely close around it. The tips of Sherlock's fingers might just manage to touch if he replaced John's hand with his. His plump cock head was bright red and wet with pre-come and omega lubricant.
John nodded and turned around. "Alpha children from underprivileged families. Not that we understood stuff like that at that age. I transferred to the regular state school later on. No one really cared about my alpha status there either. That didn't come until later. Now that I think about it, I hardly knew any other alphas. Much less omegas. All of the friends I ran around with were betas. How about you?"
"Wha—? Bored?!" John repeated, aghast, ignoring Sherlock's murmured 'Bored!' echoing in the back of his mind.
Victor picked up one of the potato slices between his thumb and index finger, dragged it through the ketchup, and slid it into his mouth pensively.
There were two bullets left in the gun. The chance of Victor surviving was higher than for John in any case, even if he couldn't entirely dismiss the chance of a shot discharging...
She hadn't sung any more when his father fell ill. She hadn't smiled, only cried and begged for her alpha to be spared.
"How did the two of you meet?" John asked impulsively. He was still looking at the photograph of the lopsided couple. Something prickled at the back of his neck, and he felt strongly that the two omegas were staring at him. When he turned around, Jean-Baptiste quickly lowered his eyes and looked down at his intertwined fingers in his lap.
Arms wrapped tightly around the glowing body, John inhales the heady smell of the man, who has – although he has known him already for quite some time now – developed entirely new nuances. Only then does he realise that they've never been this close before.
John swallowed hard. He got up and ran some tap water into a glass, drank it, refilled it, and drank all of that too. It wasn't enough. He went into the living room with the empty glass, set it down on the desk, and reached for the whiskey bottle he'd already started. He raised it to his mouth and took a large sip. It burned like fire in John's throat before the whiskey's embers spread in his stomach, sending a warm tingling sensation into his body. Calming his flighty nerves.
"The heat's over, Sherlock. I should get up and not... Why don't you just sleep a little longer, okay?"
John's eyes rested on Victor for a few seconds before he turned away without saying another word and went up the stairs to the first floor. The cool winter air had cleared his head a little, but he was still having obvious difficulty with fine motor coordination. He could tell by the sounds of the front door closing and the footfalls on the thin carpeting that Victor was following him. He was apparently keeping behind John on purpose in order to be able to catch him if John should lose his balance. Or else he wanted to minimise the probability of John grabbing him suddenly and beating him within an inch of his life. It was hard to say.
Mr Holmes had been listening to her with the same intense concentration as the two guests. Now that she'd left the room, however, he appeared somewhat lost in his blue armchair.
Sherlock turned his head a little to return the kiss with an implicitness that surprised even him. Within the space of just a few hours, it had become so natural to kiss John that Sherlock couldn't fathom why he'd fought against it for so long. Touching John, caressing him, fondling him, stimulating him... doing all of the things that were a matter of course for most couples, and not feeling as if any of it were taking place against his express wishes: Sherlock couldn't quite wrap his head around it all.
From somewhere at the edge of his consciousness, Sherlock registered sounds coming from somewhere. The dull roar around him took on the form of a weird melody. Words whose meaning his mind was completely unable to parse.
"It is not. It may be rare, but it does happen. My grandmother had a connection like that with her alpha, and she used to tell me about it all the time. It's quite wonderful, and very special."
Without so much as a second thought, Sherlock reached behind himself and dragged his index and middle fingers across his opening. It was hot, and twitched at the slightest touch. It was so easy to press both fingers directly through the ring of muscle and delve inside. Sherlock sobbed into his pillow as his muscles contracted again, now more urgent and desperate than ever for
Even though it hurt to hear stories like that, at least Victor knew something of Sherlock's past. Maybe it really would be a good idea to see his parents and fill in some of the many holes that Sherlock's life had left in John's head. Although he highly doubted that he'd be able to let go of Sherlock's memory even once his curiosity had been sated.
. Sherlock inhaled sharply when John replaced the lost sponge with his thumb and circled his sphincter with it.
Mrs Hudson was wearing her beloved violet dress, but it was wrinkled all over. A dirty cloth tied around her jaw served as a gag, and her thin wrists had been hastily bound over her chest with a rope. Her eyelids fluttered nervously when the man let go of her, dragged a chair out of the camera's blind spot, and pushed her rudely down onto the seat. He then promptly disappeared again through the open door.
Audibly sucking in a breath, the stranger lowered the bottle and wiped his mouth with his free hand. Just then, their eyes met. Sherlock flinched internally. He should have said something, should have made his presence known or at least averted his eyes... anything. But it was too late now. The other man's gaze bored into him, and he couldn't look away. Sherlock watched as if paralysed as the man set the bottle down, leaned over to the pile of clothes on the floor, and picked them up. He casually pulled on a pair of jeans, drawing them up over his hips, and slowly buttoned up the flies. His eyes fixed on Sherlock the entire time. A faint smile played at his lips, breaking the spell under which Sherlock seemed to be caught.
Sherlock gave John a searching look, then rolled his eyes and curled his lip. "Oh really? And where would you want to go? To the beach? The mountains?" He spat out the travel destinations as if they were rotten fruits, and folded his arms defensively across his chest.
John dropped his cane, closed the short distance between them, and grasped Sherlock's biceps to support him. "Are you feeling all right?"
As Sherlock’s breathing becomes more erratic and ultimately falters for several long moments, John accelerates the movement of the hand on his own erection, purposefully stimulates the frenulum and the glans just the way he likes it and comes almost at the same instant as Sherlock. The loud groan on the other side of the line hits him marrow-deep. He bites into his pillow not wanting to let any sound slip over his lips, even if the dark rumble that vibrates in his throat is probably audible to the whole neighbourhood. His body convulses repeatedly and sets all neurons aflame while ejaculate is splashing over his hand and against the fabric of his tracksuit trousers.
"He did, but that wasn't until a few years later. As I said, the mutism disappeared when Sherlock got the dog. He began speaking in full sentences from one day to the next. To be frank, there was no stopping him. As if he were trying to make up for lost time. He continued at school here for a couple of years so that I could keep an eye on him. After Redbeard died, though, Sherlock wanted to transfer to boarding school. He was ten, and it was very difficult for him to integrate in the new class. That remained the case all through school and carried over to university as well. And that's where he met..." Mrs Holmes inclined her head in Victor's direction, but he didn't respond to the prompt.
Of course he was well aware that they were nowhere near the end of the heat, and that he'd be begging to feel John inside him again sooner or later. But he wanted to have some peace and distance between them, at least for a few minutes, in which to collect himself.
Sherlock nodded somewhat sheepishly. He hadn't wanted to talk about this, but the way things stood... "It was last summer... shortly before we left school. A fellow from my year... I don't even know that I particularly liked him. He wanted to have sex and I was curious. But I wasn't allowed to kiss him. The whole thing was rather messy and unpleasant. He'd scarcely got inside me before it was all over and I had no idea if it was always like that. Whether that's all there was. I decided that sex simply wasn't for me," Sherlock said matter-of-factly. "Until I met you."
No wonder Sherlock had such a negative view of alphas, if this was really the prevailing image in society. John shook his head, about to close the page, when something that seemed halfway reasonable caught his eye.
Before going to the Yard, Sherlock and John went home, washed the blood off their hands, and changed their clothing, which was somewhat worse for wear. After that, they went out for a bite to occupy themselves until it was time to give their statements.
John had asked for a few days to think about it. He'd used the time to visit his parents ('We would be so proud of you, son'), call Harry ('Are you completely off your trolley? You can't possibly be seriously considering it!'), and have a long talk with Mike. The latter had assured him that Sherlock was very serious about finding an alpha, but had neither encouraged nor discouraged John from bonding with him. He said John would have to make that decision himself. He'd merely felt a responsibility to introduce the two of them since they were faced with a similar type of problem.
Sherlock had just laughed scornfully. It was clearly a thorn in Lestrade's side to enter John's "territory" without his permission, despite the fact that Sherlock had assured him multiple times that his heat was long over and done with. This was Sherlock's flat, not John's, but as per usual it was the alpha's opinion that counted for outsiders.
one of the omegas – presumably the most petite one, standing barefoot in the grass filling glasses with white wine, her hip-long blonde hair gently swirling in the evening breeze – was about to go into heat. It was a simple matter to pinpoint her condition from the composition of her scent. John pressed his tongue against the roof of his mouth and swallowed hard.
"It's all right," John said with a smirk. "I was just wondering whether you'll have difficulty going out alone again this time."
John didn't know most of the others. They were strangers, perhaps admirers of the world's only consulting detective; possibly even some clients that John didn't recognise. They had no business here. None of them had been invited, but the funeral had been big news in the papers. John hadn't had any say in that. It must have been the family's decision, and John wasn't one of them. The thought struck him more painfully than he wanted to admit.
A young woman had just approached, wanting to know the way to the offices of the Department of Biology. She brushed her hair back off her forehead with a shy smile, her expression and the touch of pink in her cheeks revealing that she wouldn't mind chatting with Victor for a bit longer. He snapped his book shut, stood up, and brushed the dried grass from his trousers.
Accusation? No, it wasn't an accusation. It was fear. A fear that Sherlock was only too familiar with. After all, he'd had similar feelings for years, feelings which he didn't think his alpha returned. He tried to organise his thoughts into meaningful sentences, but felt his throat constricting and his tongue refusing to form the required syllables. What should he say? What could he do to make things right?
With his mouth full, John looks at him across the table. He swallows the chewed mush with great difficulty, then hastily drinks some water. (Then, who’d suit me, you manipulative bastard?) Sighing quietly, John helps himself to another dumpling on which he chews leisurely.
John frowned and climbed into the back of the car behind Sherlock while Anthea resumed her position in the front passenger seat. The driver executed a turn and drove off the airfield. In the rear view mirror, John saw Mary being brought out of the plane and bundled into a dark blue van.
All of a sudden, John's stomach cramped painfully, and he felt the food threatening to come back up. He held his hand in front of his mouth, leapt from the stool, and looked around hastily, but there was no loo for guests in the shop. He just barely managed to rush outside before vomiting. Shaking, he leaned against the wall of the building next door and spat the last dregs of gall on top of the disgusting remains of his sandwich.
Somewhat dazed, Sherlock complied and crawled into the middle of the bed, dropped onto his side, and looked over at the others, breathing hard. Victor raised an eyebrow archly and looked down at Ryan, who was still right next to him. The sight of the man kneeling in his button-down and suit trousers, his tie askew and his hair tousled, his lips kissed raw and pure unquenched desire in his eyes, aroused Victor more than he would ever have thought possible.
"The fact that Moriarty escaped precisely today cannot be a coincidence. The likelihood that he's in cahoots with Sherrinford in some manner or other is becoming more probable, unfortunately. At a minimum, he knows about Sherrinford and the letters. The references to the fairy tales. Why else would Moriarty have made use of fairy tales to leave clues to the kidnappings?" Mycroft mused, speaking to no one in particular. Lost in thought, he let his gaze wander across the desk.
"Sir, that..." Donovan hesitated, fixing her superior officer with a pointed stare. It wasn't usual procedure for alphas to examine living omegas, no matter whether they were bonded themselves or not. There were betas for that in every unit.
John heard movement inside the room, then quick steps approaching. The door was unlocked and torn open with a jerk. Sherlock glared at him, furious.
"Donovan's going to pick me up later. We're going to see Anastasia Moran in the hospital," Sherlock said, briefly summarising the phone call with the sergeant for John.
John let out a frustrated huff. He wasn't sure whether Victor meant that the last time he'd had sex was with Sherlock, or just in general that he hadn't been with anyone since Sherlock's death. After he and John had got together, Sherlock had spoken of his erstwhile feelings for Victor, but no more intimate details had emerged.
Mycroft glanced demonstratively at his wristwatch, as if he didn't know down to the second what time it was. "Well... at this time of day, his lunch break is likely over... if he should have availed himself of it. But that's rarely the case these days. Afterwards, he'll probably go home and drink until Morpheus is merciful enough to embrace him. I'd give him at most four more days before his nerves run out and the situation escalates."
And so they'd seized their only chance and snuck out behind the barracks early in the morning to share their first and last moment of intimacy. There was no prospect of a shared future for them, but it still pained John to think that he'd probably seen his friend for the last time today. There was a silent agreement not to stay in contact. Too many of their compatriots had lost friends in this unspeakable war. It was easier this way: not to wonder or second-guess but just to assume the other bloke was doing fine – wherever he was.
"He loved torturing the two of you, to set you challenges and see you fail – and how willingly both of you played along, every time! Forcing Mycroft to witness your death and not be able to do anything about it … that was one of his most underhanded ideas. Although you were still alive when he left you behind in that run-down hovel – not that he cared all that much, did you, Mycroft?"
"I believe you, Sherlock, I do. And yet it seems as if there are two opposing forces within you. One being the desire to renew the bond, and the other fear of the pain."
Sherlock sprang up from the kitchen chair with a single motion and rushed John. Before he could react, Sherlock reared back and landed a painful punch in John's face. John instinctively clenched his fist and hit back. Sherlock's head whipped back, and he dropped none too gently to the floor, groaning.
Now that Sherlock had first-hand experience with how deep his bond with John went – despite them never having had a very close relationship – he was in dire need of countermeasures to regain control over the situation. He'd asked around with other omegas and eventually ended up here: in Camden.
In the end, it didn't matter whether he helped Sherlock to pull Ryan or had a little fun with one or the other – or both – of them. It was a way to pass the time... or to satisfy a base instinct. Sex. Or the prospect of it. A game. No rules. Whoever tried to introduce any had already lost. So why drive himself crazy?
Sherlock couldn't help it: the notion that he both wanted and didn't want to renew their bond seemed utterly absurd to him. Or was he just fooling himself? Did he really not want to renew the bond? He loved John, he was utterly convinced of that fact, and they'd been bonded for more than five years now. There was no sign of it becoming weaker; on the contrary. So why should they renew it? Was all of this emotional upheaval even sensible?
John tossed his head back, expelling a loud sigh and directing his gaze at the ceiling. There was a small crack on the far right edge that ran the entire length of the room. He kept his eyes fixed on the damaged area as he spoke.
"You were in a coma for forty-two days, brother mine. The recovery phase was initiated six days ago."
"Shhh..." Sherlock said, steadying himself on John's thighs as he lowered himself to his knees. As he did so, he pressed John's legs apart, automatically parting the dressing gown all the way up to the belt.
"That was all I could manage, Sherlock. You'll have to wait until the end of the semester – just like everyone else. The rest is dependent on your results," the stranger said, plucking invisible lint from his sleeve. "And do please be so good as to dress appropriately. This outfit is ridiculous, Sherlock."
Secretly relieved, Sherlock snapped his laptop shut and got up. He turned off the light and went into his bedroom to change for the night and clean his teeth. It was still relatively early, but after the excitement of the day, he felt drained and on edge. Under those circumstances, going to bed earlier than usual sounded tempting.
"What... is this?" Sherlock asked as he watched John pour tea into a second cup and slide it across the table to him.
"Don't worry, that won't happen. My family is well off enough to prevent me from landing in the gutter for the next hundred years. In addition to which, I'm more than capable of earning my own keep. We'd have nothing more to do with each other after the bond is completed."
Sherlock startled and turned his head to John, who had scooted out so far on the edge of the seat that he was almost falling off the furniture. He blinked and looked up in confusion.
"Sally," Sherlock said in lieu of a greeting, and pointed at John. "You already know my alpha, John Watson."
Mr Prakash fell silent when his physician leapt to his feet and grabbed him by the collar, throwing insult after superlative insult at him. Frightened, he peered into John's face, which was twisted with fury, and raised his hands in defence. That was obviously a mistake, as Dr Watson reacted instinctively and shoved the man off his chair to preclude the supposed attack. Mr Prakash scurried to save himself in a corner of the consulting room, throwing his hands over his head in a protective gesture.
"Oh... you. I've... shit..." John swore and pinched the bridge of his nose. He'd completely forgot about Mary.
Sherlock hummed an affirmation and kissed John's hair, cuddled even closer to him, and luxuriated in the buzzing, tingling sensation throughout his body that seemed like it would never end. John was still inside him, but without his knot he was already slipping out bit by bit, allowing the warm semen to seep out around the sides and dribble down his arse cheeks.
John was also convincing. Portraying a fragile, grumpy war veteran looking for some way to handle his overeager omega's barely manageable heats, he frequently reached for his cane as if needing to reassure himself it was there. The broad leather couch on which they sat was far too soft, offering little stability for someone who already had trouble with their sense of balance. John used that to his advantage, shifting restlessly back and forth as if he were on a waterbed.
"Lie back down," Sherlock reprimanded him gently as he traced circles over John's heart. "You're not back to full strength yet... Plus the doctors gave you a sedative earlier because you were having a panic attack."
Two voices within him began arguing loudly. One screeched how terribly wrong all of this was, while the other wanted nothing more than to pound deep and hard into the omega, to bite and mark him. To take what John deserved.
"Oh, Sherlock. You're taking things too literally as usual. It doesn't necessarily have to do with pregnancy and babies. As an omega, it's in your nature to create a space for you and your alpha where you can be safe, healthy, and well fed during your heat. Your body is trying to make up for all the neglect it's been through over the past few years. And you're setting your home up so that the two of you can be comfortable."
John tried to hate Sherlock. When that didn't work, he tried to forget him. But he didn't have any luck with that either.
So had Sherlock and Sherrinford secretly been in contact? There were no stamps on the envelopes, nor were there any addresses, so it was an impossible lead for John to pursue.
John nuzzled Cilia's neck, breathing her in, as she turned her head to the side and closed her eyes. He strengthened his grip on her breast, clasping one nipple between his thumb and index finger and gently plucking it. He tenderly nibbled and licked his way down her neck to her cleavage until he reached her breasts, and sucked her other nipple in between his teeth. Cilia whimpered softly.
The pressure inside Sherlock was almost unbearable; all of his nerves were in flames as they sung in ecstasy. Another dollop of come welled up out of the tip of his cock and seeped into the already wet sheet as he felt John spurt and fill him up. John pushed against him as if trying to penetrate even further inside. The unyielding pressure of his fingers didn't release until several long seconds later, allowing the chalk-white impressions to fill with blood and turn dark red.
His dreams were full of colours and shapes rushing past. They went by so fast, they were nearly impossible to grasp, as if his subconscious were fast-forwarding the dream like a filmstrip. All he was able to get was a vague idea, a rough sketch of everything that had settled in the depths of his mind.
Victor closed the short distance between them and grabbed Sherlock by the collar, twisting his hands into the silky soft material of his shirt as he yanked him forward. It wasn't a gentle kiss. Lips and teeth crashed into each other. Fingers dug into wild curls and pulled until Sherlock let out a pained hiss.
"I was afraid he'd seek an escape in mutism again, but fortunately that didn't happen. In the end, there was no reason not to fulfil his wish and let him go away for school. He was very focused on his education, caught on up on everything they hadn't been able to offer him here, and was top of his class in no time." The pride in his mother's voice was evident. "I'll make us some more tea," she said and stood up, picked up the tray, and left the room.
"Come in," John called out, setting aside the book he'd been reading. Sherlock padded barefoot into the room.
And it promptly appeared in the form of a powerfully built, sixty-something alpha who passed through the steel door last. He had a lordly, authoritative presence, and was apparently completely unimpressed by the omegas, who shuffled aside and regarded him with a combination of lust and fear.
Sherlock set the folder down on the table, shaking with relief, and leaned on it with both hands. He took a deep breath and shook his head in disbelief.
Disoriented, Victor shook his head, then reached for John and grabbed him by the jumper. By putting his feet down flat and a clever rotation of his hips, Victor managed to heave John to one side and stand up.
echoing unceasingly inside him. He sobbed blissfully into their embrace. Sherlock's breath, his familiar taste, his cherished smell – it was almost too much for John's senses to process all of the stimuli he'd thought were gone forever.
Sherlock turned to John. "When McKenzie's omega was found, the assumption was that she'd been murdered. It only turned out later that she wasn't the primary victim: her alpha was. His death and the concomitant breaking of her bond cost McKenzie her life as well," he explained.
Sherlock couldn't find John anywhere, either inside or outside the hospital. After waiting for a short while, he eventually returned home alone. He wasn't sure whether John's upset stemmed from his theory that the omegas had something to do with the deaths of their alphas, or from the fact that Sherlock had taken Seven himself once upon a time.
"I'm sorry," John whispered as he continued to shower Sherlock with tender kisses. "This position isn't optimal. Am I too heavy?"
This man was a predator – Sherlock was convinced of that – even if his predatory behaviour seemed to be within socially accepted limits. Sherlock could only tell whether that was actually the case by taking a peek behind the scenes and speaking at length with all of his omegas.
At least the surprise attacks from journalists had lessened once the hullabaloo surrounding Sherlock's funeral was over. Other dramas had supplanted that one, expelling it from the minds of those people who had only known the consulting detective as a figure in the papers. People generally avoided bringing it up with John now, giving him a chance to distance himself from what had happened.
He watched for a while as Abigail tried to get Sherlock to dance, the way she kept pulling him back in whenever he tried to pull away. She liked Sherlock, that much was obvious. He had become part of her circle of friends, part of her little family, and it was important to her that she let him know.
"You're different. Why aren't you like all the other alphas I've met before? It's a puzzle." Sherlock stepped closer to John so that he could look him better in the eyes.
"Ms Thomas wanted to fetch you that evening from an abandoned building where junkies gathered to do drugs, didn't she?" Sherlock's head jerked in the faintest possible suggestion of a nod. "You'd already taken a hit and were no longer responsive. Ms Thomas called an ambulance and tried to get you out of the building, but she fell afoul of someone else. A junkie?"
Sherlock twisted around so that he could look into John's face, curious about his reaction. Rather than questioning the situation, John merely smiled and tucked a damp strand of hair behind Sherlock's ear, wrapped one hand around the back of his neck, and pulled him into a kiss.
"Okay, okay. I'll give it to you... But only if you give me something too," the beta said with a dark gleam in his eye.
"You, here," the young man declared, licking the piercing in his bottom lip. "That's a nice coincidence; I'm.."
"Amongst other things... it was definitely part of the problem. Sometimes... sometimes his presence was just... too much, you know? He was... exhausting and horribly demanding. More than I could take. That's why I kept needing some space from him – and immediately missed him as if a part of myself were missing. He couldn't deal with it any better than me, but for other reasons, I believe." Victor paused and searched John's expectant expression, trying to determine whether he was following the explanation.
There was no sign of John. No calls, no texts. Maybe Sherlock's plan had worked, and John really wouldn't return. Maybe he'd try to find a beta on whom to let out all of his bottled up anger in one way or another. Maybe he'd return to the war zone and beg his former commanding officer to take him back – anything to get away from his omega.
"John?" Sherlock jerked his head up in surprise and gave John a look of confusion. His normally pale irises had been almost entirely engulfed by black pupils, wide with a combination of keen interest and fear. It seemed as if he weren't entirely certain whether he was looking at a mirage or not.
a beta, but... I've found that all forms of attraction are based on biological or physical reactions that we're not always fully aware of. Smell plays a big role in mutual attraction amongst betas as well – we simply aren't conscious of it as such. Oh, it's certainly another question whether a long-term relationship can develop from those conditions. But it's one that can be worth exploring," she explained.
"Don't be ridiculous! What are you going to do? You have no idea... Augustus wrote me off a long time ago, and it looks like he's finally found a suitable replacement," Sebastian said with a significant nod in Sherlock's direction. "Even if that wasn't your intention... He's scented blood and he'll do whatever it takes to get his hands on you. Your alpha is powerless against him."
"Dr Watson, wait a moment." The omega hurried down the steps and handed John a business card. "Here, this is my alpha's private line. There's not much I can do myself, but if you're ever in London again and want to speak with Sherlock, Mycroft might be able to help you more than I can."
Tom had also said something along the lines of Sherlock having clairvoyant abilities. With a single look, he was able to tell not only what the other person had done that day but also things that had never been mentioned in public. Tom meant his family, which he hadn't even told Victor much about. Yet Sherlock seemed to have known that domestic violence had been a frequent occurrence in Tom's home. That his father had moved out for a while, only to eventually return so as not to leave his son alone with a volatile woman who had attacked her husband with a blunt instrument, sending him to the hospital. A situation which not even the doctor who treated him had ever heard of.
"Bloody – I'm so sorry! I had no idea that – Wait." John tried to extricate himself from the embrace, but Sherlock refused to get off his lap.
"Greg," John interrupted him, "thanks, but... it's okay. I can take care of myself, and I don't think he's going to try to push any drugs on me. As far as I know, he hasn't taken anything since the whole thing at the theatre. Anyway... he gets me – better than anyone else at the moment. He's doing just as poorly as I am, and it feels good to be able to talk about it to each other."
He wasn't sure whether he should approach Sherlock or whether it was better to leave him alone with his thoughts. But Sherlock took the decision out of his hands by turning around, going over to John, and putting his arms around him.
If Sherlock had had complete freedom, he could have finished all of the research within a single week. The other students would just slow him down and in the worst case, fake the results. What was the point of giving assignments like that to a group? The others in the course were obviously idiots who didn't have the first idea about chemistry and would need to study the basics first. Sherlock couldn't understand why he had to take an introductory course anyway. Ridiculous bureaucracy.
Sherlock cautiously extricated his fingers from the embrace and withdrew his hand without waking John. His gaze wandered pensively over the sleeping figure, taking in the stubble and tousled hair. John lay on his back, breathing evenly with one arm thrown over his head, the other extended in Sherlock's direction. His mouth was slightly open and his eyelids twitched in pursuit of a dream.
"Yes," he croaked. He rubbed his face against John's stubbled cheek, relishing the burning sensation on his sensitive skin, and wiped away a tear that had beaded up in his right eye without his permission. He felt John's heart beating against his chest, requesting entrance, as well as the alpha's pulse further down below his splayed legs.
After all, it always rained at the funerals of important people, didn't it? He just wanted to be prepared. Nothing would be worse (aside from the obvious) than standing by the grave, soaked to the skin and shivering. Possibly hoping the eulogy would be finished soon so that he could get inside where it was dry. What kind of farewell would that be?
should know," Sherlock said. His heart pounded nervously in his chest, and his palms were damp with perspiration.
By now, the tears were streaming freely down John's face. He swiped at them in frustration, but that did nothing to stem the flow. Sherlock looked like he wanted to say something, but pressed his lips together and fell silent when John shook his head fiercely.
"Yes. I'd tested the blocker on myself before, as you know. But nothing like last night..." Sherlock shook his head grimly. "I think I know what went wrong, but I'll need to conduct more – "
He drained his glass with a gulp but kept it in his hand to give his fingers something to do and conceal the way they were trembling.
Sherlock's expression shifted to one of surprise when John rose from the bed, removed his pyjama bottoms and t-shirt, and closed the distance between them in a few quick steps so that he could grab him.
"You smell so good..." John sighed and twisted around within the embrace so that he could nudge his nose into the crook of Sherlock's neck and drop a butterfly kiss there.
John rubbed his chest, his face twisted in pain. "Are you sure they didn't have to restart my heart? It feels like my sternum is cracked."
Now bored, Victor let his head loll back, twisting it slightly to the right so he could study Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. He was listening attentively to the rest of the remarks on haiku, and even taking notes. Maybe, Victor mused, he really did want to find out something about the topic and not about the professor. On second thought, no: that dreamy gaze, the unconscious chewing on his pencil... it wasn't hard to see that Sherlock had an obvious interest in the man.
He cautiously nudged Sherlock backwards. Sherlock went with the change in position, now placing his arms behind him on John's thighs to hold himself up, as he continued to move back and forth to drive John's alpha cock mercilessly into himself. A sight and sensation that made John's toes curl with pleasure. Heat gathered in his crotch, and he felt his knot start to throb. As if on auto-pilot, he grasped Sherlock's still hard cock and stroked up and down, playing with the foreskin and rubbing his thumb across the wet head.
"Sherlock!" John regarded the distraught man with an insistent expression. He hoped Sherlock could read his emotions in his face. "You're not broken. Even if you never have another heat..."
As soon as John had started moving again – more tentative and less frantic than before – he'd leaned forward to initiate another kiss. In doing so, he wanted to show Sherlock that everything was fine between them. That there was nothing which John wasn't willing to give him as part of their union. That there was no need for a false sense of shame. But despite Sherlock's hesitant nod, the omega still refused to meet John's eye. Instead, he continued to turn his face aside whenever John sought out his lips. Sighing, John buried his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck instead, and contented himself with inhaling the intoxicating scent there.
John didn't know why he was doing this to himself. Quite frankly, he didn't have any great expectations, but in a certain sense it just seemed right to him to at least look for some clue – anything – even if the prospects of success were infinitesimal. After all, Sherlock and Sherrinford were both long dead, and it was more than unlikely that the whole thing was in any way connected to Moriarty.
The similarity between Moriarty's messages and Sherrinford's letters couldn't simply be dismissed, and yet none of it made any sense – unless Moriarty had got hold of the letters somehow and copied their speech patterns. But what reason would he have had to imitate Sherrinford's style? Simply to give Sherlock clues where his friends were? Out of pure spite? Or for another reason?
"Yeah, everything's fine," John said. He jerked his chin in the direction of the woman who was now being buckled onto a stretcher. "And she'll be fine in short order as well."
"That's a new one," John laughed and plucked the envelope out of Sherlock's fingers to check for the sender. In lieu of a name or address, he found only a stamp in the upper left corner. The ink was somewhat smudged and the letters adorned with excessive curlicues, but he was able to make out the initials
"The hospital informed Mycroft that you were awake. He doesn't want to see you. Not yet at any rate. Anthea's also deeply hurt that you were so cavalier with your health."
"I only want to know how he's doing. It's obvious he survived, otherwise you'd use the past tense. Is he back home?" he asked in a fake-worried tone of voice.
"Maybe," John agreed. "But as tragic as it is, that doesn't give her the right to treat you and me with such disdain."
And yet... hadn't he felt that link himself from time to time? Especially that one night. That one inexplicable, terrible moment which he counted amongst the most horrendous in his life... when Sherlock...
John took a big sip of the beer that was on the table, then went to the hallway to put on his shoes. "Remind me that I'm leaving my bag here," John said and straightened the collar of his jacket.
"Sit," he snapped at Sherlock, who stood uncertainly beside him, looking as if he intended to take care of the cane. Instead, the omega promptly slid onto the couch next to John and lowered his eyes contritely.
"No, please don't misunderstand me. I see things differently now. Since John entered my life, I've had to rethink my convictions, and in doing so, I've discovered that many of my original presumptions were rooted in prejudice. But prejudices aren't immutable; they can be changed. You may think that John and I are typical examples of our respective genders, but we aren't – and it's precisely for that reason that we work well together."
Sherlock looked up, as John still wasn't making any move to leave the room. Their gazes met halfway and stuck fast like thick honey. Sherlock's stomach flipped and his heart skipped a beat. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but he had no idea how to express what he was feeling, nor even if he should say anything at all. He looked back down at his empty teacup and remembered what he'd just said a few seconds ago.
Chastened, Sherlock attempted to smooth out his features and not appear quite so grumpy. He recalled how he'd held Archie the first time and moved Henry onto his hip, where he balanced him with gentle bouncing motions. That way, the toddler was able to keep both his parents and their visitors in his field of vision.
John gritted his teeth as he thought of Mrs Hudson, Greg, and Victor, and everything the three of them had already been through thanks to Moriarty. Mrs Hudson wouldn't make any trouble; she'd follow Mycroft's instructions easily. Greg, on the other hand, working as he did for Scotland Yard, would likely need a little more convincing to be moved out of the line of fire. After all, he was a man who was used to dealing with criminals, and wouldn't want to relinquish control so easily.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and gazed past John's shoulder to a point in the distance. He couldn't even look this man in the face!
She was unflappable. No matter whether she was mopping up blood, vomit, or a fellow soldier's shit, splinting open fractures, or buried up to her elbows in a patient's abdomen. There was nothing that could touch her sangfroid, and she brightened up the tense atmosphere with her cheerful demeanour.
"I just can't understand why he's so adamant about rejecting your relationship..." she mused as she licked the green tea ice cream off her spoon with relish. "I mean, it's in his nature to subordinate himself to an alpha."
John rubbed his eyes wearily. But before he could put his phone back inside his jacket, the tone sounded which signalled an incoming text.
Abigail was suddenly all smiles and threw her arms around Sherlock's neck with a squeal. "Thank you! That's
"I don't want him around here! Especially not now!" John barked without taking his eyes off the other alpha.
A jolt went through the group when Mr Holmes suddenly leapt to his feet and stood in the middle of the room with his fists clenched. He was staring at the table as if it had insulted him with its mere existence. Then he abruptly turned around and left the room, stomped down the hall, and slammed the front door a short while later.
"Either way. Your family was too poor to set money aside for you to have a financial cushion for wooing an omega. But you need an omega to join the army. Ergo: you're here for me. Am I right?"
"It can only get better..." Victor declared, brushing a kiss onto Sherlock's temple. "Come here." Victor arranged Sherlock so that he was between Victor's legs, leaning back against him. He spread the comforter out over both of them and enclosed Sherlock in both arms, covering his shoulders with feather-light kisses.
Sherlock had never studied adoption laws, but that particular rule immediately appeared logical to him. An alpha or omega child might become an unwilling rival within the family, as it possessed a different genetic makeup and would therefore emit an entirely foreign scent. Since beta biology worked differently, there was no risk of that.
Sherlock made a vague sound and nodded absently as John leaned down and pressed a kiss onto his dark curls. Then John went into his own room up on the second floor. He'd briefly considered whether he should get into Sherlock's bed again, but decided against it in the end. He felt that would be too forward; after all, he hadn't been invited to share the bed a second time.
Victor shrugged. "I don't know yet. If nothing better comes up... hey, you're in a study group with that Sherlock bloke, aren't you? What's he like?"
"I think you should resign," Sherlock says in a serious tone and takes a sip of his sugary milky tea.
"I..." Sherlock tried to collect his thoughts, tried to string words together in a way that made some kind of sense. He felt sore and feverish. His head was buzzing, and his skin was damp with perspiration. He was shaking, and reached down to grasp his erection which was still pointing stiffly outward as if he hadn't already come several times that evening, but John batted his hand away.
John stared down at the table, his arms crossed. The heavy scent of chip fat and vinegar hovered in the air. Scraps of conversation from the neighbouring table floated over to them, but John wasn't paying attention. It felt utterly surreal to be sitting there with Victor. Victor, of all people. The man he'd seen as his rival for weeks. They had nothing in common. Nothing but Sherlock. They were two completely different people with completely different personalities and perspectives, and yet fate had brought them together at this table.
"Yes..." Sherlock cuts him off instantly, puts his hands around John's face and pulls him in for a kiss.
Sherlock had only submitted to the process because he'd made Mycroft promise not to contact John. Otherwise, it would actually have been John's responsibility to ensure Sherlock's care – and recalling him from Afghanistan for that purpose would only have meant the beginning of the end...
"You've got the right place then. The gym's behind the main building. Come on, I'm on my way there now. My name's Peter."
"Sherlock..." John closed his mouth and stared down at their hands, at a loss for words. He shook his head. "I don't know. I don't know what to say to that. After everything... after everything that's happened in the last few months, I'd... hoped that you'd have more faith in us; in what we can be for each other."
"The bruises on your arms – where are they from? Are you still using? Do you need to take Seven regularly to cope with the broken bond, or can you handle it without it now? Who's your dealer?"
Later that evening, John found himself still thinking about how impressed he was with Sherlock. His omega had been simply brilliant. Both with his thespian talent and with his quick thinking. John had no idea how Sherlock had found out where the drugs were hidden so quickly, and it hadn't even hurt his feelings when Sherlock had rolled his eyes good-naturedly and murmured, "It was obvious."
"Do that again!" he demanded and cursed breathlessly when Victor repeated the manoeuvre, and a wave of ecstasy flooded his body. Ryan Walters was forgotten. Victor focused completely on Sherlock and the wonderful reactions he was triggering in him. He didn't notice Ryan stand up, put on another condom, and smear lubricant on it. Nor how he walked around the bed and knelt down behind Victor. It wasn't until a hand grabbed the back of Victor's neck and pulled him roughly up that he realised what was happening.
Maybe Nick was with him. Maybe they were on their way back to Victor's place together to have sex. Or maybe they'd disappeared into the back rooms of Deep Purple, swallowed up by the violet twilight, and were doing it there.
"With all due respect, sir, I don't get the impression that you had Sherlock any better under control when you were the alpha responsible for him." Sherlock collapsed just a little under John's grip, and notes of resignation and disappointment joined his scent composition at John's words. John hastened to add, so as not to give a false impression: "And I don't want to control Sherlock anyway. There's nothing to tolerate either. Sherlock is perfect just as he is, and I'll be damned if I try and force him into a role he despises and which doesn't suit his character."
"It went so far as me packing my bags and going back to Abby's for the rest of the holidays. She was at her parents' for the holidays, so I had the flat to myself. Three days later, Sherlock appeared at the door. He looked miserable. He asked to stay with me for a couple of days before I flew back to the States. Of course I agreed." Victor sighed again and rubbed his thighs nervously with his palms, as if he expected a negative reaction from John.
Sherlock moaned in surprise and threw his head back, hitting the wall hard. He grasped the blond hair in front of him, seeking something to anchor him. Fingers felt their way over the swell of his arse, spread his cheeks and slipped into the moist space between them, effortlessly penetrating the ring of muscle and promptly finding the highly sensitive bundle of nerves inside him.
"I can't take anymore..." Sherlock whinged. He arched his back until only his arse and shoulders were touching the seat, and let out a stuttered moan.
"I'm sorry," John whispered, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "You and your brother were so young then… who… who did you end up living with?"
Sherlock snorted at the memory, amused. "Well, we barely knew each other. And I wasn't in heat. We basically skipped all the usual steps and went straight to the end. I didn't want to be in a relationship with him at all; I simply wanted to make use of the advantages of being bonded while he was in Afghanistan."
"Yes... he was able to arrange an appointment for you at nine o'clock the day after tomorrow. I hope that will be convenient for this... John Watson?" Mycroft said, sceptically raising one of his well-groomed eyebrows.
Changing the topic, they continued to decorate the cupcakes and keep an eye on the chilli. Marcus dropped by a little while later with some crates of drinks, which he left in the kitchen. Some of the bottles were eventually moved into the refrigerator.
"I'll explain everything, but..." Victor made a vague gesture with his head in Mary's direction. She gave him a piercing look but didn't show any further reaction.
The woman turned to face John. A delicate smile danced on her thin lips, her eyes flashing a cool blue. John stopped in the middle of his stride and stared at her, floored.
The sheer desperation of the arousal in John's voice sent a powerful shudder down Sherlock's spine. He wanted to see John climax; wanted to see him giving in to the sensations and, for just a few short moments, lose control over himself. Sherlock leaned over until his face was just a few centimetres away from John's, continuing to stroke him, and gazed into John's sea blue eyes. Their lips were barely half a centimetre apart, the fragrance of omega essence heavy between them. Sherlock could taste himself in the air, mixed in with John's own scent.
"And you never considered informing me beforehand. What if the separation had led to permanent damage? What about Archie's—"
"You didn't have to screw with the omega, Murray. Sometimes I'm ashamed to be an alpha. You should have seen you all... like animals. As if you had no self-control." Daniel gave Bill a dirty look from head to toe. "I would have expected better of you, if no one else.
He knew that Bill's last statement was intended as a friendly jab. And yet it pained John greatly. He actually didn't know what kind of alpha he was. Apparently he didn't even have a grasp of the most basic rules of an alpha-omega relationship. Not to mention that he was unable to turn his partner on enough for him to have regular heats.
When the lock finally popped open, he immediately threw back the glass lid and felt for John's carotid artery. His pulse was weak but present, just as the heart monitor had promised.
"Is that true?" he sighed out breathlessly, inhaling the scent of the damp skin there. "That was your first time?"
And instead of telling John about his problem, he'd rung Detective Inspector Lestrade and bothered him until the man brought him a case. The McKenzie file. But his appearance on Baker Street had only led to another argument between John and Sherlock, and sent Lestrade scurrying away as fast as he could. John didn't want another alpha in the flat – bonded or not. His territorial behaviour was getting worse each day.
"I think we need to set a few things straight here, all right? What did you tell him about that night, John?" Cilia asked, now much more calm and gentle than a few moments ago.
It was the same book. It was definitely the same book that had been found in Greg's and Mrs Hudson's flats following their abductions. The book that James Moriarty had sent them along with the riddles, along with the threat to end the lives of Sherlock's handful of friends.
"A gravestone? What's that supposed to prove? Anyone can have a name carved into a grave marker and set it up on speck of earth. Come
John pulled the omega in close. He rubbed Sherlock's nape with his nose and dropped a feather-light kiss just above the scar. Let Sherlock protest if he wanted: John wasn't ready to relinquish the intimacy and afterglow of their warm cocoon. But Sherlock merely let out a satisfied sigh and caressed John's arm.
Sherlock placed his hands around John's head and pulled him up far enough to kiss him, then hugged him as hard as possible and rubbed his face into his sweaty blond hair.
The man who had saved Sherlock countless times – both physically and emotionally. His partner in every part of his life. The man he didn't want to be without ever again.
Talk... about Sherlock. The offer was both incredibly tempting and utterly horrifying. On the one hand, John wanted nothing more than to find out everything there was to know about Sherlock. On the other, he wasn't sure if he wanted to hear it from Victor of all people, who had had something like a relationship with Sherlock over such a long period of time. How much would John be able to take before he broke?
The outburst shut John up immediately. He looked at Sherlock, nonplussed, trying to suss out the truth in what he'd said. "What? Why not?"
John could virtually feel Sherlock's body go completely stiff next to him. The scent rolling off him was a combination of fury, distress, and incredulity. John slowly pushed his chair back and stood up. He laid one hand on Sherlock's shoulder and gave Mycroft a death glare.
John gently extricated his left hand from Sherlock's grasp so that he could use it to map a path across the body he desired so greatly. He caressed those stiff nipples again, carefully plucking at them before making his way down between Sherlock's legs. He wrapped both hands around his erection, passing over the slippery wet cockhead with alternating thumbs, thoroughly enjoying the way Sherlock's breaths became louder with each passing moment. It wouldn't be much longer before his omega climaxed. But John didn't want to let their lovemaking end just yet. He let go with one hand and reduced the speed of his movements until the up-and-down of his right hand barely registered anymore.
"What does that matter? He overstepped, and I made him pay for it. It's been settled. Tracking him down now to wring his neck wouldn't make things better," Sherlock said calmly.
After several minutes of silence, Sherlock began to speak. "The original plan was to take Moriarty into custody on the bridge, even put him out of commission if need be. Mycroft's people were stationed under the bridge, waiting to spring into action. But when I told Moriarty that Moran had failed, he completely lost it. I pulled him over the railing to prevent him from shooting one of us."
John hadn't thought of their relationship in those terms before. But Sherlock was completely correct with his choice of words. John was part of Sherlock's family, and the reverse was true as well. It was a soothing thought which awakened a sense in him of unconditional belonging.
"Do you think you're ready?" Victor didn't even recognise his own voice. It sounded hollow, emotionless. Leaden somehow. His gaze rested on Sherlock's face, on his high cheekbones, his straight nose, followed the curve of his lips, which looked tense. The combination of quicksilver and blue in his irises fascinated Victor, leaving a strangely empty echo behind in him.
After John had finished his shower and brought his bag up to his room, the two men sat together in the living room – John in his armchair and Sherlock on the couch. They drank their tea, which neither one mentioned Sherlock having prepared for the both of them. Nor did they comment on the lateness of the hour, or the fact that John would have to go to work the next day. And finally, there was no discussion of their separation over the past few days.
Anthea entered with a tray and poured coffee into two cups, one of which she set down in front of Sherlock, the other in front of John. Grateful, John took a big sip and hoped that the caffeine would take effect soon.
When John inched closer and probed her wet sheath with the head of his semi-erect prick, the omega whimpered softly and turned her head to one side, hiding it in the crook of Bill's neck.
The train arrived, and John opened his eyes. He watched in horror as the mass of people shoved their way into the carriages, and stepped aside to let the jostling swarm pass by. He didn't have any great desire to feel like a sardine in a tin, so he hung back on the platform and waited for the next train. His wet clothing was cold and chafed unpleasantly against his skin. Drops of water dripped from the ends of his hair and rolled down his face and the back of his neck, disappearing under his collar. A hot shower and a nice cup of tea were all he wanted right now.
Sherlock inhaled sharply and swallowed down the sourness that began to collect in his mouth. All he wanted to do at that moment was march back into the study and punch Moran in the face until he was nothing but a bloody heap.
"He was completely out of it on the way over here already. I don't think he's used to drinking so much..." Victor whispered, planting a soft kiss on the corner of Tom's mouth.
"I think I'll pass and stick to water tonight. Or is there still some beer?" John opened the refrigerator and was pleased to find one last bottle of ale on the rack inside the door.
Exhausted, Sherlock nuzzled into John's warm, tear-streaked skin and inhaled his scent. Slowly, ever so slowly, the pain faded, and his heartbeat returned to normal. The fog in his head began to lift.
How dare Victor avoid him now, given the situation?! To let John hang after doing the greatest possible amount of damage and discrediting Sherlock the way he had?
He sat in front of the TV in the living room with his tea and watched a morning chat show. As was to be expected, the hosts started on the subject of Sherlock Holmes's disappearance after just a few minutes. John hesitated for a moment before taking a look at the superimposed photograph showing Sherlock in the deerstalker. A well-known image from the newspaper. The stream of chatter ended abruptly when John turned of the device and leaned back, sighing.
know? Have you ever thought about what a beta might feel? That we're just people who want to be loved too?" she barked angrily.
"Oh, looks like we've got a real all-rounder here!" Shari said with an encouraging smile, which John only returned half-heartedly. The instructor could hardly be sincere with her compliment; after all, she'd never seen him fight. She probably just wanted him to feel at ease amongst so many strangers. It was incredibly annoying. "Where did you train before?"
When Sherlock felt the knot at the base of John's cock swelling and demanding entrance, he twisted out of the embrace and rolled onto his stomach, scraped himself up onto his knees and one elbow, and reached down between his legs with his free hand to stroke first his own, then John's erection, to bring his alpha close again and wordlessly invite him to plunge inside once more.
John didn't like his exposed position: it offered far too large an area for attack. He kept a watchful eye on the two men.
"Where's Mary anyway?" he asked. Less out of any real interest than out of the need to change the subject.
"What do you mean?" John said, lowering his hand – presumably because he had the impression that his touch was unwanted.
"Are you certain the alphas weren't simply trying to protect their omegas by accepting the lion's share of the blame for themselves? Wouldn't you also try to shield me, purely on instinct?" Sherlock asked sharply.
It took a couple of days until John was able to organise some time off, let his parents know about their visit, and use all of his powers of persuasion to convince Sherlock to go away with him. But now they were in the train heading for West Bromwich, and John was growing more nervous with every passing kilometre.
Victor sighed unhappily and shifted his weight from one leg to the other. "Yeah... I know what you mean. I feel the same... Listen, John, this might be weird and I'd understand if you didn't want to, but... aside from myself, you're the only one who knew Sherlock; who saw more in him than the Consulting Detective, the blabbermouth and the pain in the neck he also was... There isn't anyone else I can talk to about Sherlock. Other than you. And I don't know, but..." Victor bit his lip and his hands curled visibly into fists inside his pockets. "Shit..."
"You can't possibly be serious?!" John laughed in disbelief and folded his arms in order to prevent his hands from doing something regrettable.
"Moriarty was interrogated over the course of several weeks, yet he always refused to reveal even the slightest bit of information. The only one who could ever get anything out of him was myself. Every round of questioning was recorded. The ones involving myself needed to disappear, however, as my methods were... questionable."
John shook his head. "No, but I really don't know if I can live up to everything the position entails. I haven't got a religious bone in my body. How am I supposed to promote Henry's religious education or support you when it comes to questions of his upbringing? I haven't the faintest idea about either of those things."
That was certainly not a typical sentence which an omega would say to an alpha. After all, it was an alpha's place to play the part of the gallant gentleman and assume the lead in all areas of life. Instead, John had relinquished his natural role as an alpha to his omega. Sherlock had taken the lead, and John had followed.
John looked up at Sherlock and cupped his face with trembling hands, running his thumbs along the distinctive curve of Sherlock's cheekbones and tenderly wiping away the damp trails there. "I've finally found you..." John whispered, pressing his forehead against Sherlock's.
Warm hands described small circles on John's skin, calming him bit by bit. He let himself be lulled by it, eventually relaxing and giving his body the time it needed to adjust. Only when John's respiration had normalised did Victor push further inside him, slow but relentless, until his hips were touching John's backside. John whimpered softly, utterly overwhelmed by the sensation of being stretched and the intense stimulation of a multitude of nerve endings.
"Why didn't you come to the funeral?" John asked; the question had been plaguing him for weeks. He couldn't fathom how someone who had been so close to Sherlock wouldn't have wanted to attend.
Shortly after sunrise, John, Sherlock, and Mary left the safe house in Switzerland and drove back to the small private airfield. On the way, Mary got in touch with the pilot so that he could make all the necessary arrangements and there would be no delay in their departure.
The boy – Carl J. Powers, beta – had suffered a severe cramp during a swimming competition and drowned. But Sherlock Holmes, the hyperactive omega whom Lestrade couldn't seem to get rid of ever since the incident had occurred, had a different opinion.
It was time, Victor thought, and leaned into Sherlock, against his head. Buried his nose in Sherlock's short locks just for a moment and breathed in the familiar scent. His hand found its way to Sherlock's thigh as if of its own accord; his thumb gently caressed the rough fabric there. His lips brushed the shell of Sherlock's ear, almost a kiss, as he whispered: "He's all yours... happy Valentine's Day..."
Anthea's cool gaze flickered over to the phone camera, and Sherlock saw nothing but contempt there. No matter how long she'd worked for Mycroft, no matter how close her connection to Sherlock's big brother – and figuratively to him – Sherlock had no doubt that she would shoot the old woman as soon as she received the signal.
John had to bite down on his bottom lip so as not to cry out loud as he sank inside Sherlock's tight channel bit by bit. Sherlock seemed to feel the same. His mouth stretched wide in a silent groan, he leaned his head back, arched his spine, and lifted his body up as far as he could from the table until John filled him completely.
Victor's insides clenched with arousal when his finger disappeared between Sherlock's lips up to the second knuckle and he felt the rough texture of his tongue. Victor's pelvis tensed of its own accord, vainly seeking more friction on his own constricted erection. It was incredible! And how much better would it feel to push his cock into that promising mouth?
"I'm talking about the fact that my dear old brother apparently can't get your motor running hot enough. The fact that you're not having any heats, meaning the two of you can't indulge your perverse biological urges. Shame, that, eh?"
That's why John wasn't surprised when someone cut in on him a moment later. Victor was apparently more than willing to accept the offer, immediately pulling the other man closer and rocking to the music with him, only to push him away a few seconds later with an impish grin playing on his lips. The other man didn't seem to be put off at all, moving in on Victor again and trying to press up against him.
He had no idea whether it was day or night. It didn't matter. A glance at the clock on the wall told him that he'd slept a little less than two hours. He silently cursed Mycroft for this utterly unnecessary measure of leaving him to rot in this concrete prison without a single scrap of information. It was impossible to tell whether it was a punishment or simply intended for his safety.
Ah. Of course. That was the reason Mycroft had wanted to see him. John cleared his throat before answering. He found it difficult to hold back the grin that always popped up whenever Mycroft tried to intimidate him with the fact that he didn't miss anything.
Sherlock huffed and pulled his hands back as soon as he realised he was rubbing John's arms where they rested across his chest. His subconscious had once again taken over, making him do things he didn't even want.
"It might also refer to his mutism," John suggested, biting the inside of his cheek when he registered the surprise on Mycroft's face. It was a strange sight. Apparently Mrs Holmes hadn't told him that she'd revealed that detail.
And written in the other notebook: "'Maybe the drugs were dirty someone held my hand and talked to me I think The same words over and over and over! They know you're lying they know it no one believes the figments of your imagination I'm just part of your fantasy'." The word
When she'd told Victor about their visitor from the natural sciences, his ears had suddenly pricked up. Abigail assumed that Ryan had caught Victor's eye as well, and he wanted to keep tabs on a potential rival. To be sure, Victor and Tom were together – if you trusted Tom's definition – but Abigail had known since they were in school together that Victor thought very little of the notion of faithfulness in a relationship and wouldn't let that stop him if a new man landed in his crosshairs.
The fear he clearly hears in his voice stabs through John’s heart. The thought of Sherlock wanting him all this time while he had believed it impossible is another painful stab. How unnecessary all this uncertainty and worry has been in retrospect, it’s laughable. And yet, it was an important part of the whole process that ultimately brought them together.
A surge of panic rises in John’s chest at the thought that Sherlock could have turned to another form of
Sherlock shook his head wearily as he looked at his brother's wife. "It's just unfortunate... A fractured sternum can take up to a year to fully heal, apparently. I'm not supposed to lift anything heavy or make any unnatural movements during that time. But... I've had frequent, heavy cramps that have had a negative impact on the healing process. I've – "
Lord Moran rose from his massive wooden desk in the midst of the classically furnished room and approached his visitors. He gave John a cool, professional smile as he held out his hand. He didn't dignify Sherlock with a direct look, but John couldn't help noticing the flash of interest in the man's eyes.
"… so if you think about what the wrong dose of that blocker might do. The forced heat, the lubrication issues, the hyperactive sex drive... In the wrong hands, it could do a lot of damage. It could force omegas into a nonstop heat. Brothels, pimps, anyone really could use it to their own ends, and..."
Sherlock didn't know what he was thinking when he fumbled for his phone on the nightstand. He was so impatient and desperate that he dropped it and had to lean awkwardly over the edge of the bed to reach the device. His fingers were trembling as he searched for John's number and made the call.
"You again? I'm starting to feel like you're following me!" Tom joked, giving Victor a conspiratorial wink.
He felt his way forward, then pulled his fingers back only to push them back deeper inside his body. The third time he brushed the hypersensitive bundle of nerves and sucked in a breath, almost in shock, as a burst of heat flashed through his groin. He rubbed his erection into the sheet even harder, but the friction on his glans wasn't nearly as gratifying as the tiny bumps against his prostate. Sherlock awkwardly drew up both knees so that he could support himself on them and spread his legs further without taking his fingers out. He tried desperately to build up some kind of rhythm by moving toward his fingers whilst rolling his hips. But he couldn't quite manage it. His arms and thighs were shaking too hard, and the angle of his hand was less than optimal.
John shrugged and pointed at the pile of papers beside him. "I thought I'd use the day off to work through some of this. I also wanted to do some research online. I hope that's okay?"
Of course, John had no idea whether Mycroft Holmes had even told Sherlock about his unannounced visit. Probably not. But maybe he had. Which only made the fact that Sherlock was ignoring his very existence even more obvious. It wouldn't do any good to complain or God forbid go so far as to fantasise about ridiculous, unattainable castles in the sky. It was time to grab life by the horns and make his next move.
He'd burned all of his bridges when he returned wounded from Afghanistan, if not before. It was only due to his lack of other options at the time that he'd sought refuge with Sherlock. As a result, he was accordingly ambivalent about coming face to face with his family again.
"No. The flat was sealed up and I didn't want to break in. Especially not after the mess down at the Yard because of the case. It might have got Lestrade into even more trouble."
Sherlock had memorised every millimetre of the room where he'd spent the past eight weeks. The thirteen shades of blue of the textured walls, shifting tones as the light changed; the two hundred and forty scratches and scuffs from the polishing machines on the linoleum floor; the three dents and eight spots where paint was flaking off the locker.
"Oh, I can well imagine how angry you were, Dr Waters. I would like to extend my sincerest apologies. I never intended to sow discontent in your relationship. I must have simply been in a state of confusion over the presence of an omega at Scotland Yard, and fallen victim to the misconception that you were conducting what might be termed a modern relationship."
As if struck by lightning, John retreated to the foot of the bed and began to cough and retch. He rolled onto his side and held his quivering stomach – hoping he wouldn't actually throw up. Or worse – have a heart attack, because it felt like red-hot spears were piercing his chest.
"What?" Ice-cold water shot through John's veins, making him break out in goosebumps despite the tropical temperatures in the bathroom. "I don't want to move out! Do you want me… Are you tossing me out?"
"You signed the rights over to her." The vague hope that they might be able to proceed with a court case against Kitty Riley evaporated into thin air, leaving behind a bitter aftertaste.
Victor inhaled sharply. His already crumbling reserve collapsed completely. He grabbed John by the back of the neck, drew him in, and kissed him hard. Pushing off the wall, he knocked John off balance but didn't let go of him. Instead, he took advantage of the moment to turn John around and push him into the wall face-first. John gasped in surprise but let it happen. He reached behind him and grabbed Victor, pulling him in close and surging back into him at the same time.
"There, I've just deleted your number," he said and held the screen so that John could see it. "You shouldn't keep mine either. Our ways part here. I wish you all the best."
John sipped the milky liquid, put the cup back on the table, and pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and index finger in order to counter the headache he felt coming on.
"Dark room," Victor commented, correctly interpreting John's look. "And a couple of private rooms. That's why the coat room's down here. Lots of people deposit everything there so they can move freely in the back."
Of course. Now that Sherlock was dead, there was no reason for Mycroft to interfere in his life anymore. Until death do you part. Or something. The corners of John's mouth twitched at the hint of cynicism that slowly seeped out of his pores.
"Pour me a cup too, would you?" Bill said, although it sounded more like an order than a request. Was this a test?
For a moment, Sherlock seems to falter. It is as if he truly perceives John for the first time in a long while. His eyes flit calculatingly over John’s face and he thinks he sees a hint of a blush on those high cheekbones before Sherlock turns away, huffing. "All right then. Prepare the coffee while I'm in the shower."
Victor stubbed out his cigarette on the windowsill and flicked the butt away into the front garden. Then he closed the window and took off his trousers and shirt before getting back into bed. Almost two hours passed before he finally managed to fall asleep.
"At any rate, it's too late now. I'll send someone out to the chemist's to purchase a disinfectant cream. When Anthea gets home – No, best not. Just stay in your room and remain quiet. I'd prefer that she hear of the incident from me." With those words, Mycroft did an about-face and left the room, pulling the door closed behind him.
John felt a sense of disappointment coupled with annoyance. He was quite surprised that Sherlock no longer lived with his brother. Of course, one of the reasons Sherlock had wanted to form the bond was to gain his independence. But hearing that his omega was living all on his own somewhere in London was very unsettling to John. He inhaled sharply and tried to remain calm.
"So?" John frowned with annoyance when the omega didn't continue. It was as if the vague statement were supposed to answer John's question.
Oddly, the distribution of roles hadn't felt wrong at any point. Just the opposite: John had sensed instinctively that Sherlock was in full control every step of the way, and not helpless in any way, shape, or form. Even when he'd dashed off after their suspect, Moran, John hadn't hesitated for a moment to leave the pursuit up to Sherlock. Each of them had taken care of their own task, and in doing so had caught a potential killer and saved the life of an injured victim.
He watched dubiously as Sherlock used a ladle to scoop some of the foul-smelling brew into a cup, then sniffed at it.
"Oh, John..." she gasped blissfully. She deepened the kiss, nipping at John's bottom lip before plunging her tongue into his mouth and swiping it across his.
Amalia said she'd had a bad feeling that something was going to happen, and so had only drunk a small amount of the drugged tea that Sebastian had passed around. She woke up shortly after Moran was killed and dragged herself down to the ground floor, where she found Sebastian drawing his final breath.
John's party headed for one of the free seating arrangements and settled around the table. A waiter hurried over, handed out drink menus, and set up the hookah. Before John could even take a look at the leather-bound booklet, Jones signalled at the group and ordered in the local language. The waiter nodded and rushed industriously away. The sweet fragrance of tobacco spread through the air when someone sucked on the stem of the hookah and exhaled the vapor. John declined with a 'no thanks' when the alpha next to him – Leslie, a burly redhead who was at least a head and half taller than John – offered him the hose. John had never particularly liked the woman.
When Victor saw Sherlock's blissed-out expression, his pink cheeks, his lips glistening wetly, something inside him clenched painfully. Pure desire washed over him, tugging at him. His hand felt its way in between Sherlock's legs, right where Ryan's fingers were penetrating his trembling body. Three fingers slipped inside, over and over, without any resistance, stimulating nerve endings and setting off the most wonderful reactions. A wet spot of pre-ejaculate dampened Sherlock's abdomen where his erect cock kept tapping against it with the jerking motion of his hips.
"What did he do?" John kept rubbing Sherlock's back, holding him as close as possible to give him a sense of security and comfort.
Mycroft shifted uneasily back and forth in his chair, avoiding John's eye. Was he doing it subconsciously, or was it all for show so that John wouldn't question his good intentions on account of his past errors of judgment?
The question of whether Sherlock was observing the same stars back home and thinking of John from time to time got drowned in strong whiskey until the twinkling little lights above him blurred into an off-white veil.
Sherlock's stomach clenched and began to roil with nausea. Any relief he might have hoped for failed to materialise. Was that it? Had John left? For good?
"Offspring. Is that the problem?" Sherlock asked. He pulled his shirt back up over his shoulders, although he didn't button it back up.
Next evening, John was on the verge of grabbing Sherlock, tossing him over his knee, and holding him down until he'd calmed down. He could physically feel Sherlock's stress level. His nervousness coursed through John's own bloodstream, putting him into fight or flight mode. Tense and on edge, he kept squeezing his left hand into a fist as he watched his omega pace back and forth like a caged tiger.
"I didn't take the time to listen. We had a row that evening, and the night before as well. It's … complicated."
It had all sounded so good in theory. Bonded, but free from the animalistic urges that allowed neither unclouded thought nor the freedom to work. Bonded to an alpha who would keep his distance because he was pursuing his own dream, one which society would otherwise have barred him from. It would have been perfect!
The contents were all mixed up after Victor had knocked the box over by mistake and they'd thrown all of the papers back in without any kind of order. Impulsively, John set the box down on the floor and tipped it out. It was only a vague hope, but maybe he'd find some information on Sherrinford that would reveal more about the third son in the Holmes family. Something that could explain the secrecy.
On the way back to John's parents' house, they strolled once more through the lanes of John's childhood. He spoke of how strange it had been, coming from a neighbourhood whose residents were nearly all betas, to join the army where there were far more alphas than betas; how great the culture shock had been, in hindsight; how he'd had to learn bit by bit how to act and think like an alpha, given his lack of any role models; and even so, how he'd never quite felt confident he would pass as one. In the army, the associations amongst alphas were much rougher than at school, and followed a stricter hierarchy, and that had left its mark on John.
He paused then, fighting against every instinct he possessed. His heart was racing, his thigh muscles were on fire, and the hand holding the dildo was cramped and painful.
Sherlock stuffed his shirt into his trousers, buckled his narrow leather belt, and emitted a low sigh. "That's up to you, John. I'm not going to ask you to turn your back on your parents. Not since you haven't seen them for so long. I'll deal with Harry, but it would be better for both of us if we aren't forced to spend time under the same roof with her – and the way things look, we're the ones who are more flexible where that's concerned."
At John's side, Sherlock collapsed in on himself slightly, let his shoulders droop and somehow made himself appear smaller than he was. His entire demeanour changed in a fraction of a second from self-assured to demure. He smiled shyly at the other omega and introduced himself and John as consultants from the Yard, asking to be let in so he could run through a few questions.
John sighed as he slid down onto the guest mattress on the floor, and sat on it cross-legged. He picked up the small pillow which lay there and started punching it absentmindedly. Since Harry was occupying her old room which had been converted into a guest room after she'd moved out, John and Sherlock were left with his old room. His old bed being too small for two grown men, however, his parents had set up a second sleeping area on the floor. It reminded John of all the sleepovers that had taken place in his childhood.
"I miss it too... working with everyone," John admitted and drank some of his tea before he blurted out any more sentimental nonsense.
John reflects upon how he should react if Sherlock is going to backpedal and try to sweep the whole thing under the rug. Did he do something wrong? What it too much? Too intimate? It seems impossible to assess the situation without confronting Sherlock.
It wasn't until he became aware of the odd smell tickling his nose that he looked up. It was the same scent he'd picked up that one time at the Yard.
Cilia's eyes gleamed wetly when Sherlock met her gaze. She slowly heaved her bulk up from the chair and walked around the table; not to Sherlock, but to John, who had curled in on himself. One arm was wrapped around his midsection, and the other was covering his face. A searing pain tugged at Sherlock's heart when he realised that John was crying.
John had gone into the kitchen in the meantime, filled the kettle, and turned it on. Sherlock heard him taking cups out of the overhead cupboard and opening the refrigerator to take the milk out.
In addition, the idea of being soul-bonded to a partner who had made it crystal clear that there was no place in his life for John made him feel a deep sense of panic. A run-of-the-mill bond was one thing, but a link between their souls was something else altogether.
During the first three days at the Holmes residence, Sherlock locked himself in his old room and only communicated through the closed door. After a while, however, he got so bored that he occasionally sought out Anthea's company.
"We should get some sleep. The sun will be up soon," Victor said and got up to turn the light off again.
"John, which century are you from anyway? You can't honestly believe in such antiquated notions. Is your Sherlock not allowed outside, or forbidden to speak with other alphas?"
John is completely exhausted when he gets out of the brightly painted cab that stops in front of the building number 221B in Baker Street. He stretches extensively while the driver opens the trunk and takes out his black suitcase. A tortured sigh escapes John as he slams the car door shut and spots the colourful
Outside the hospital, they got into a taxi, sliding onto the back seat with the bag between them. Victor gave his address.
"Oh, it's in all the papers. I occasionally do some work in a large office – mostly playing gopher, making coffee, things like that. Lots of the employees have been talking about the incident. They don't realise how much I overhear, otherwise they wouldn't speak so openly about a scandal like that," Sherlock explained. When he saw the omega place one hand over her heart and crumple her shirt between her thin fingers, he continued. "I'm very sorry. It must be awful to go through something like that. But at least your alpha was able to protect her from anything worse."
He tossed his head back and moaned with abandon as his muscles contracted, seizing the erection inside him with an iron grip.
He shouldn't have been surprised, Sherlock thought to himself as he let his gaze wander over the sights of the city passing rapidly by. He and Mycroft had always had an eye out for weak spots in the other's defences, and exploited them ruthlessly once they'd found one. It was as if they each got some perverse pleasure out of seeing the other brother suffer.
Piqued by John's words, Sherlock crossed his arms and whirled to face the alpha. "Who even gave you permission to sleep here anyway? Go to your own room!"
Sherlock swallowed hard. He scrabbled desperately for some sense, some reason, for logic and probability.
There was one detail, however, which stood out and posed a stark contrast to the previous crime scenes. On the wall behind the double bed the words NEVER AGAIN had been written in dark red letters.
John drew his legs up onto the bed so that he could turn to face Sherlock all the way. The look on his face was one of worried foreboding, etching lines into his skin.
John breathed a sigh of relief when Victor withdrew his fingers and opened the tube of lubricant again, smeared some more of its contents on his erection, and wiped off his fingers on John's hole. Victor scooted closer to John and pressed the head of his cock against the stretched ring of muscle. John hissed as he drew in a breath, then let it out with a cut-off huff. Victor stopped immediately.
"If you..." John struggled to take in air, and looked up. A lethal fire burned in his eyes. "If you're lying to me, Mycroft, if all this is meant to be some kind of joke... I swear to you, you will not leave this room alive."
"Holmes," Sherlock whispered, keeping his eyes straight ahead. He heard John inhale sharply but at the same time refrain from saying a word about that decision. They hadn't spoken of it – they hadn't had the chance – but surely it couldn't be a surprise that Sherlock wanted to keep his name? Or had John truly assumed that he would want to bear the name of a family with which he was neither familiar nor wanted in his life?
"Wow. That's... just wow!" Bill replied with disbelief as she came to a halt in front of the last room at the end of the hall. "I'm really happy for you, truly." She opened a dark brown wood door that complemented the hallway's dark green silk wallpaper perfectly, and indicated that John should go in.
"Ok," John mutters, then looks up from his mobile, puzzled, and follows Sherlock with his eyes. Going for a lie-down is very unlike his flatmate. On the other hand, both of them only slept a few hours last night. As he remembers why, heat shoots up into John’s cheeks and he can't stop the blush, not even by biting down on his lower lip. He pushes the memory of last night away forcefully and focuses on the mobile in his hand. It's going to take days (weeks…), before he will be able to stop mentally revisiting the sinful sights and sounds of the last few days.
"I love you," Victor whispered – for the first time ever – against Sherlock's soft lips. Sherlock inhaled sharply in shock. "I know you don't feel the same way... maybe you never did."
"Why don't I give you a complete going-over to check for any physiological problems that might respond to medication. Starting with hormones, vitamins—"
"But?" John thought he knew where this all was leading. He felt cold sweat gathering on his forehead and the back of his neck. The stitches on his temple started to itch uncomfortably under the plaster.
"Well now, that all depends on what you choose, Sherlock! The gun or another dose for John? Decide quickly or you'll lose them all!"
John took a deep, staggering breath, and continued gruffly, "Beyond that, you haven't the faintest idea what it means to be an alpha. Or an omega. Good God, you don't even know any other omegas. So don't you dare ever speak that way to Sherlock or me again, or it will be the last time we see each other. And stop trying to place the blame on me for your life going down the shitter. You have no one to blame but yourself."
It probably wasn't even necessary: the fact that John didn't feel any particular need to pay frequent visits to his nuclear family meant that Sherlock was largely absolved of the same responsibility. However, it was a different matter where Lorraine and George were concerned. After all, they weren't going to live forever, and Sherlock didn't want John to regret not having spent more time with them once they passed. And if Harry was going to be present on those occasions, they'd simply have to get used to it.
"Then it seems to be a case of good timing," John replied in his typical guileless manner. He set the envelope up on the mantelpiece with a smile before turning around to go into the kitchen, where he filled the kettle and started making tea. "Should we order something in?"
When he emerged from his room and went into the kitchen, he found John standing there with one hip leaning against the kitchen counter, holding his phone in one hand and a cup of tea with tendrils of steam rising from it in the other. He was wearing a fluffy bathrobe and house shoes and looked tired as well as slightly annoyed.
The next page was empty. There were photo corners stuck to the paper, though, so there must have been a picture there once. Confused, John turned the page back and looked down at the floor to make sure the photo hadn't accidentally fallen out. Finally, he addressed Mr Holmes:
"Wait, Sherlock!" he called as soon as they were out of hearing range. He grinned as he grabbed Sherlock's arm to stop his getaway. "You don't have to worry, all right?"
...so there was few S4 (ugh!) influence. But as you see, the S4 trailer had some influence on this little story after all... :p
John directed them toward a little fish-and-chip shop near the train station that wasn't very full, both due to the early evening hour and the many other eateries in the area.
"Oh, you bloody—!! You scared me half to death!" Sherlock snapped the file shut and tried to hit Mycroft with it.
He pinched one nostril closed, his heart pounding, raised the mouth of the bottle to the other nostril and inhaled. He repeated the process on the other side, then closed the lid and buried the spark underneath his pillow. His brain promptly went fuzzy. The penetrating odour blanketed his olfactory receptors, sending a variety of signals racing along his nerve pathways which he was having trouble deciphering. He shook his head to clear it, but it didn't help. Rather than letting himself get distracted any longer by his body's reactions, he picked up the dildo, held it steady, and sank down onto it again.
When Sherlock deleted John's number in front of the Alpha-Omega Registry without so much as batting an eyelash, the disappointment burrowed into John's flesh like a splinter of slate.
The urge to push open the door and hold Sherlock in his arms is so strong that John feels like it’s tearing him apart. However, he’s overwhelmingly sure that he wouldn’t be capable of holding himself back and he might scare Sherlock with his exuberant lust, if not even hurt him. Taking a deep breath, John turns and goes to the kitchen, puts the mobile on the table. He climbs the stairs to his room on wobbly legs, closes the door behind him and strips his trousers off on the way to his bed.
He licks the rest of the moisture off his thumb, leans over Sherlock and kisses him hard. Sherlock's knees almost come to rest on his chest. Completely unable to move under the demanding body of his lover, completely exposed to his thrusts, he returns the kiss with abandon. Greedy, John inhales Sherlock's heated breath and the unfiltered sounds that bubble pass his lips. John vaguely realises he's babbling something, disjointed bits of words spilling out of him. He seals Sherlock's lips with his, kisses the sweaty skin.
"Sorry you needed to change your suit on my account, Mycroft. Blood's the dickens to get out, unfortunately," Moriarty declared with a slight slur to his voice. He'd probably been given some medication to numb the pain. Bloody saliva dribbled out of the corner of his mouth, and he made a big show out of catching the moisture with his tongue.
