“Tony?” asked Steve, sitting up straighter. He wondered if this might be more complicated than Tony had expected from his evening. “Is something wrong?”
“Tony, I…” he said when he could breathe again. Something deep inside him felt full and satisfied. For a long time, they just breathed together, neither sure what remained to be said, until Tony’s arms started to shake from supporting him and he rolled to the side without taking his eyes off Steve’s.
“Yeah,” Tony said softly. Friday was there too, in their minds, filled with pride-accomplishment-relief as she touched their hands and joined the two of them together, melted away the last barrier that had been between them. “Thanks, Fry,” Tony said, still quiet, his mind full of gratefulness and joy. Steve smiled, feeling the same, and stroked a few fingers through her forelock. She accepted their thanks gracefully and then withdrew, leaving them to each other for a moment.
Jarvis’ tone was neutral and courteous enough to make Steve wince. God, he must’ve really hurt Tony for
, pink and quivering with arousal and heat. Tony’s neck went limp against the pillow and he groaned wordlessly.
There was an amused huffing sound right behind Steve, and he whirled around to find Friday there, leaning down and chewing grass slowly. He could’ve sworn she hadn’t been there just a second ago.
Obediently his fingers went to the first of Tony’s buttons, but a sudden stony tension in Tony’s body made him pause. Steve looked up to gauge his expression and found Tony looking back, eyes shuttered.
Ross makes his demand backed by evidence and an arrest warrant, and just for a minute, Tony considers saying
“Anyway,” Tony said eventually, clearing his throat, “right. Belief is hard for me. So I needed some, uh, specific help.”
Tony sits down at the new workstation and cracks his knuckles dramatically, and then opens his hand to receive a fresh cup of coffee. It’s more than half full for once; it seems all of Dummy’s practice has been paying off.
“What happened to you?” Steve asked, keeping his eyes down so he wouldn’t see whatever expression was on Tony’s face as he worked—and so Tony wouldn't see his, which was surely far too tender. He had already finished with all the visible bruising on Tony’s arm and side and was moving up to his abraded face by the time Tony answered, so he was perfectly in position to see the contemptuous twist to his mouth.
that Steve didn’t know what to think. His hand was reaching out for Tony of its own accord, as though just by touching him he could understand what was going on in that genius brain of his, could calm him, tell him there was nothing to fear from Steve, nothing Steve wouldn’t do to fix whatever was wrong. He stopped it, forced his arm back down by his side, because that was the last thing Tony needed right now. “Let’s do lunch,” Tony said, with forced calm.
Steve had never really considered whether an ideal should have the same freedom as the man who wears it.
“I don’t want that,” he said. But he’d said it before, and there was no reaction this time, either. “It’s not enough for me.”
“No, no, I just…” Tony began. “I just have some surgical scarring, and it’s not exactly pretty. You can touch, you’ve been touching, but I’d rather keep the shirt on.”
“Hey, c’mere old man,” Tony said suddenly, not stopping his movements. The music wasn’t too loud even over here on the dance floor, and so neither was Tony’s voice, but it seemed to echo in Steve’s skull all the same, bouncing around and making him wonder, making him
God, there’s so much to say about Steve. It would take a lifetime to put it all down in code. Even with uploads of all Tony’s memories, he knows the AI still won’t understand. How could it?
It’s awful to think that all those futures he saw when he looked at Tony are cut off at the root, now. It’s awful to look at the graves and think that all of these were futures, too, to their wives and husbands and children and friends, but Tony doesn’t get a choice and Steve—as much as he wants one—shouldn’t have one either, then.
, the only chance they’d ever have to get this close, to taste and touch and feel their bodies held tight together, warm and rich with desire—
It reminded Steve of flying—but then, most everything he did with Tony did that. When they were together it was like the ground dropped away and he was walking on air, heedless of everything but their closeness, and the feeling was getting stronger.
Tony comes out of the holographic scenario panting and clutching at his frantic heart, eyes blurry and face wet with tears he hadn’t felt falling. He collapses back against the wall and draws his knees up to his chest to try to stave off the burning in his lungs. It doesn’t help; the movement just reminds him of the sick feeling rising in his stomach, and he grits his teeth to keep from dry heaving.
And T’Challa leaves. He doesn’t come back until the next day, battered and bruised, and one of his warriors is laid up for days in the same medical facility where they’re keeping Bucky. T’Challa goes to visit her every day to ensure that her recovery is going well, and one day Steve is even brave enough to come along.
Steve had no answer that wasn’t far too flattering, so he just kissed Tony again and swallowed his laughter, both of them breaking off into groans when Tony’s firm grip on his thighs brought their hips together. Steve was less than half hard, and Tony was more—ah youth—but they might as well have been fully hard and aching for how good the heat and pressure felt on Steve’s long-neglected dick. That pressure was
His second thought was to question what it said about him that he was relieved that his roommate was out of the way when his best friend, and coincidentally the guy he liked, came by.
“Uh, hey, Steve,” Tony said from behind him, and Steve jumped so hard he almost fell off the stool altogether. “Sorry to startle you, I didn’t mean—are you okay?”
“Yeah, anything,” Steve answered, and then winced at himself. How much sappier could he get? Ignoring it, he stood up and set his sketchbook down, the nearly finished bot facing up from the open page; now more than ever he wanted to be completely transparent with Tony.
So he builds a failsafe for his body, as well as his mind. A pod, armored and sealed, that will keep his remains safe. Keep them in stasis.
“No, it’s fine, don’t—just don’t.” Tony was speaking too quickly, not meeting Steve’s eyes. “You didn’t do anything wrong, I just, I
It’s not long after that that Steve leaves Wakanda. He’s come to love the country, not as much as his homeland, but no small amount either, and it’s not easy to go. Still, this feels like something he has to do. He offers the others the chance to come with him, but they turn it down. Scott doesn’t want to go anywhere except America, and Wanda doesn’t want to interrupt the focus and control that she’s learning to maintain from one of the most experienced of the Dora Milaje. Sam looks the most regretful of the lot of them as he tells Steve that he’s not ready to be done being settled just yet.
He looks at himself, and he sees what he can become. He sees what he was meant to be. He does not know how to feel, but looking at the Iron Man in himself, he thinks he wants to learn.
“I missed you,” Tony said quietly. There was something tentative in his face, like he was gearing up to say something big. “You’re my best friend, I had to say no, but it’s not because I don’t
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross yells at him. Things aren’t getting better.
Tony sits and cries and watches his hands shake in front of him until he thinks he’s strong enough to try the scenario again.
The unicorn in question came up close to them and rested her horn ever so carefully on the place where their skin touched, and the ringing sound of her thoughts returned, but this time it was
“I really do love you,” Steve said aloud, leaning their foreheads together. It looked like there was a torrent of words trying to fight their way out of Tony’s mouth, but he managed to hold them back, and said only,
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said sincerely. All at once he realized how close together they had come in the last few moments, how wide Tony’s eyes were, how soft his lips looked, how Steve could smell the soda on his breath and how the urge to taste it for himself had crept up into the back of his throat. It was intoxicating and
Eventually the man tilted his head back and raised the glass to his lips, hesitance forgotten, and any pretension Steve had to idle interest melted away like the indistinct notes of the saxophone. The stranger was
At the Milan airport, he finds an incident report for an employee, a young man who got a minor head injury at work when someone’s luggage fell. It’s enough to be made suspicious, Tony thinks. Perhaps Natasha was stowing away and found herself discovered; perhaps she had to get away clean any way she could. He deletes a word or two of the incident report, enough to suggest her light footprints. That’s a trail he can follow tomorrow, a false thread to weave into the story that will unravel when Ross pulls on it for real.
Friday’s horn glowed briefly and the pieces of the chessboard reset themselves, this time with the white pieces on Friday’s side. She looked up at him with something fierce in her dark, liquid eyes, daring him to question it, and Steve just put his hands up in playful surrender. Friday’s horn brushed Steve’s arm and told him readiness-impatience.
Steve travels a lot. He walks and hitchhikes and takes public transportation. Sometimes he lets himself fall into an old marching rhythm, and it feels more homely than he thinks it should. He goes to Nigeria first, and it’s not until he finds himself in a bustling marketplace that he realizes he’s retracing his steps. Here, the place where Natasha fought her men; here, the place where Sam perched on the edge of the building; here, the place where Steve’s mistake cost so many lives, caused so much trouble. The building that was destroyed in the explosion is still under construction—there must have been some damage to the integrity of the main infrastructure, he thinks, not just the walls and windows.
There was a choice. There was a choice, and they were making it right now. Steve smiled back and stepped closer.
“I’d rather be on my back,” Tony said, when he saw where Steve was going. Maybe he did have a preference after all. Or maybe, with all his flattery, he wanted—
For everyone. What was that supposed to mean? It leaves a sour, angry taste in Steve’s mouth. How is this better? How is anything?
“And I was wondering whether you wanted to do lunch or something, to celebrate that?” It was just lunch, he told himself, quelling his nerves. He and Tony did that all the time, so there was no reason to get worked up over it this time. None at all. Just an ordinary lunch between friends, right up until the moment it wasn’t. Because Steve was going to ask this time, he
“I’m just peachy, Cap, you know me,” Tony said, tilting his head to give Steve a rather punch-drunk smile. Steve wasn’t sure whether he ought to be relieved that it was due to a probable concussion rather than alcohol. There were abrasions on the side of Tony’s face and bruising on what Steve could see of his left side, and he was breathing in that careful way that meant that Steve would probably have to at least check on his ribs.
“Thank you, Jarvis,” Steve said. He wouldn’t mess it up this time. He’d explain everything clearly, and then Tony would understand, and they’d
And as he pushed in again Steve did his best to obey and keep his angle steady. It was pure bliss sliding in and out, riding the edge of too much, and he just wanted it to be good for Tony before he inevitably—
They’ve both changed, but not so much that they don’t still fit together, like they always did, like they always
Steve traced his thumb in little circles over Tony’s cheek and the happiness of the touch sparked a thought in both of them at once; it was so good, so sweet, just being close to each other and knowing that they cared about each other, and they didn’t
Tony didn’t exactly relax after that, at least not completely, but he did start to sing under his breath as he worked. Steve exhaled a long, relieved breath as he took his seat again, and hoped that things would get better between them then.
Tony wants so much to believe that he was wrong when he told the team that this was the best option. He wants to believe that it would be right to fight his way out and run away and cast off the weight of guilt on his shoulders, if only to be able to breathe again. But all he can think of is Rhodey,
But that fight was over and done, and Tony would never know for sure how it could have gone. Sometimes, winning and losing are indistinguishable.
It’s a woman he’s never seen before in a shop far from the palace who says something Steve writes down immediately, so that he doesn’t forget it. No, that isn’t quite true. His memory is eidetic. He writes it down so that he can’t shove it into the box and ignore it.
He thinks about Tony, coming to him with compromise after compromise to minimize Steve’s end of the sacrifice, just to keep them together, and he thinks about exploding at Tony and storming out because of Wanda’s treatment. He thinks about staying in T’Challa’s palace for a few days while the media storm quieted down before he was allowed out into the city, and he wonders if it’s really so different.
“Neither do I,” he said. “I don’t understand this hardly at all, isn’t that something? Super-genius super-scientist, that’s me, and I don’t have a clue, Steve. What I know is that there’s some magic in this armor, and that I put it there, but I don’t know how I did it, and I can’t even think too hard about it or it’ll stop working. See, magic works by belief, for me. The more I believe the stronger it gets, as far as I can tell, but it’s… it’s not easy for me. I’m too skeptical, even of things I know.”
, so close and yet never quite touching, in sync as they danced just as well as when they fought. There was a wide open smile growing on Steve’s face, and he didn’t stop it, just reveled in the closeness of their bodies and the brightness of Tony’s eyes. Tony’s expression looked like he moved: relaxed, pleased,
Good enough, maybe, to make them believe the pretty lies he has to tell for all the questions they want to ask him.
For a moment, the only sound was their too-heavy breathing and the more distant movements of their comrades, giving them space. Hold and release. Hold and release. Tony met Steve’s eyes again.
“No, no, it’s just—never you mind, Steve. I’m Tony S—just Tony.” Tony looked gleeful for no reason Steve could understand, grinning at Steve straight on. His eyes caught the dim light undiluted for the first time, irises alive with light and want, the deep blue of tempered steel. His smile was catching.
“Uh, yeah, no problem,” Tony said, his voice rough with surprise and something else that was probably discomfort. Regret woke up and clawed at Steve’s stomach as Tony took a few hasty swallows of soda, pointedly not looking at Steve. “So, you seen anything else down there besides dilapidated house and bionic detective?”
? Has Tony forgotten that the Witch buried him in a ten-ton pile of cars, or that the Captain nearly killed him? Has he overlooked his own best friend’s paralysis in favor of those mushy,
“You know, Tony, I thought I’d be glad to know you still cared about me, after… what happened between us.”
I could—but I just—you’re really, absurdly attractive, Steve you have to know that, and I just don’t think I can keep being around you
At noon precisely, Steve gave over beating up the punching bag on the dorm’s rooftop patio, untaped his knuckles, changed into a clean shirt, and walked to Club A. He sat down on a barstool and ordered a sandwich and soda while he waited, hoping beyond hope that Tony would decide to come. There was a speech writing itself out in his head, a disjointed repetition of
Tony turned aside at the last moment and Steve’s lips brushed over his flushed cheek instead, feeling the heat of his face even as a ball of ice dropped into his stomach. His hands dropped Tony automatically, but not carelessly, setting him back on his feet.
“It’s a lie of omission, it still counts,” Tony snaps back, and he hates to hear the rough, broken edge of his own voice.
bursting out from behind a few bushes and a yellow tree and cantering up to the two of them. It was gleaming white, but not just that—it was
Shock. It was unbelievable, amazing, almost too good to be true—could Steve really love him? Was it possible? Loving Steve was easy, he’d done it for what felt like forever, but Steve—
, he almost said, and then realized what a date-like thing that would be to say and promptly shut his mouth.
at the same time, or for wanting Steve at all. His weak heart fluttered in his chest. He hadn’t been as honest as this in a long,
“Steve, pleased to meet you,” he introduced himself. As though in humiliating slow motion, Steve watched himself stick out a formal hand to shake as though the stranger were just some new military tech. But the man just smiled, took Steve’s hand in both of his, and raised it to his lips almost delicately. The heat in Steve’s face brightened and eased.
getting over their accident,” he says venomously. “I can make it an even billion getting over their murder. Or I can take up another destructive therapeutic hobby. Or I could hire an actual therapist. I’m
down there?” Tony asked. Steve could feel himself coloring, and the more his flush deepened, the more Tony’s expression of interest grew. It bordered on anxiety, actually, and Steve wished he knew why, wished Tony would let him help. “Oh, now you have to tell me, c’mon, Steve. It can’t be that bad.” It could, if he admitted he went there because it made him feel close to Tony, so Steve went with the less bad option.
Eventually, he finds the willpower to get to his feet and walk out of the room. Even as he goes, it’s like there’s a string tied somewhere under his ribs, a tugging in his guts that points him back toward the place where Bucky still lies. He pushes that down, too.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve said abruptly, just as Tony polished off the tail end of his sandwich. “You want to go dance?” Tony’s eyes widened a little and he choked audibly, groping for his soda can to get the last bite down while Steve tried to parse his reaction. Was that a negative response to Steve’s romantic overture, or maybe just surprise? Did Tony even read it as romantic? Steve had danced with Natasha after all, and
“Less than I hoped I would when I started on my new designs, since it turns out there actually is a difference between science and
“You thought I wanted to have sex with you,” Steve said, stunned. His thoughts were working double time, trying to work that information into the context of the last few weeks and coming up more and more chagrined every moment. Tony had thought—and not just that, Steve had
Enough that somewhere in the midst of a sleep-deprived and half-starved night of work, Tony can look at the heavily edited and improved copy of the Sokovia Accords on his desk and think
“Feelings,” Tony repeated dumbly. There was something like cautious awe in his voice. “Romantic feelings?”
The box is starting to strain its hinges, and Steve is starting to wonder if he should’ve gotten some of those feelings back out before now.
Steve could tell the moment the words left his mouth that he’d said the wrong thing; Tony’s open, tentative expression shut down so hard and fast that Steve almost flinched away, wondering what he’d done wrong.
Steve smiled a little tightly and fought a blush as he shifted them around on the bed, wondering how best to arrange them. He didn’t know which positions Tony liked best, but then, he didn’t suppose Tony would know yet either, from this side of things. Start simple, then. If he got Tony to lay facedown, with a pillow or two, they’d have a good point to start from.
Tony can hear the Winter Soldier charging up behind him to defend his friend, and Tony disengages one hand to fire at him. He uses the power of the full suit to amp the sonic pulse up to double strength, and it’s enough to put the Soldier on the ground. There’s a clang as his metal arm hits the floor, but Tony doesn’t even look at him. Steve tries to take a swing at him, to surge up out of his grip, but Tony puts his hands back on Steve’s shoulders and slams him into the ground, hard enough to keep him there for a moment.
He programs that in, too, just for good measure, and then he thinks very seriously about giving up. No one deserves to come into the world feeling like this, even if it
It’s assuaged, a little bit at least, by the work he does every night to keep the shield’s owner safe. Steve is traveling aimlessly, as far as Tony can tell. He’s not completely stupid—he
Steve is hinting, but he’s leaving it up to Tony to make the choice. To offer this solution because he wants to, and not because he must, because he’s backed into a corner. Tony thinks of honor again, thinks of what he’s supposed to be. He thinks of winning
“Yeah, Tony, it’s me. How are you doing?” Steve asks, not without awkwardness, but his tone is low, gentle, kind; he sounds like he cares. Tony’s eyes are hot and he stifles a weak sound into the back of his wrist. The bones of it are sharp against his mouth.
“I know…” Steve started, trying to drag his tangled thread into some kind of order, “I know you’ve been… uncomfortable… around me lately—“
“Yeah?” Tony said, sounding so much more hopeful than he could have if he knew the truth. If he knew what was going to happen tomorrow. But he didn’t, and he wouldn’t, and the sweet way he leaned down and kissed Steve goodbye was better than any sendoff Steve could have asked for. Steve smiled weakly.
“Well, now I do, and I want them inside me.” Tony’s grin was bold and infectious, and Steve couldn’t help but concede. He wedged the spare pillow under Tony’s hips and leaded over him to grab the lube and the smaller of the two condoms, but he froze with his hand extended, because Tony—
became clear soon enough as Steve slicked one of Tony’s fingers with his free hand. The third finger to press Tony open was his own, wider and warmer than Steve’s, if not quite as deep from his position. His body was hot and so, so tight around the two of them, holding their fingers close and slick together as the muscle contracted. Steve swallowed hard yet again, and Tony shuddered.
your fault I can’t control my own damn self, Steve!” Tony shouted. There was a long silence as everyone in the club looked at them at once, and both of them were breathing hard for the endless moments it took for the other students to go back to their own business. “I thought I could resist—after the day in the workshop I was
It will be better at all these things than he is, Tony thinks. This Stark really will be made of iron.
—if anyone here was a candidate for “second-handsomest fella,” it was this man, and he was looking back at
He would want Tony to keep fighting, if he knew. Tony can’t afford to lose the days, or he’ll lose the nights as well, and if he loses the nights, he might as well give up on his friends altogether. He might as well betray them for real.
But eventually they had to break to breathe, and they came apart panting roughly, clinging to each other, Steve’s fingers still tangled in Tony’s shirt.
Eventually, Steve sees his chance to get back to America, and he leaves France. The old woman is sad to see him go, but he finds her another pair of hands to replace his, a young woman who seems more like the kind to stay than he had been. She mentions a lifelong desire to run her own business, anyway, and a love of cooking instilled by her father when she was very small. She’s talkative and trusting, but a good sort, he thinks. Steve lets himself daydream, just a little bit, about coming back in twenty years and finding her there, still running the little shop and smiling graciously at the tourists’ attempts at French.
than that, then Tony could like him back. It was possible, at least. Tony… well, he dated a lot of people, right? He’d gone out for drinks and dancing with Jan, and Pepper, and Brian too, so maybe he’d be willing to add Steve to the list, at least once? Steve had no real desire to be let down gently, but it could be worse.
They find him almost immediately. Friday makes sure of it. She guides them to the room where Tony Stark is collapsed on the floor, and watches as they cry out in shock at the still, cold shape of his body. She watches them calling the ambulance, frantic with loss as they try to force his overclocked heart to start beating again.
. He was feeling his age more than usual. But however else Steve had changed getting older, some choices would always be easy. Reed had shown him the numbers, more than once, and he was canny enough to know how they boiled down. People would be in danger. A troubled kid needed help. And more than anything else, Steve
“Tony?” he said more quietly. The more time passed the more he realized how his declaration could be taken, and how he might, in truth,
“Could you tell him I want to have lunch with him, please?” Steve asked, trying not to sound like he was pleading. The backbone in his voice was all stubbornness, though, and it was audible even to his own ears.
, the feeling of Tony clutching around him unbearably good. His pulse rushed in his ears, and for the first time all night he was glad of his age; twenty years ago, he was sure, he would’ve come instantly. Tony’s face was rapt beneath him, loose with pleasure, his lips bitten and red and his blue eyes dazzling in the lamplight—Steve almost couldn’t believe he was
. Steve dropped the smile altogether and started from scratch, trying to get his expression to look right, trying not to admit that his flat, hairless face felt sort of out of place after a month with a furry snout. It shouldn’t be that hard, right? Tony always had a nice smile, always the right mixture of wicked and charming and just a little arrogant, just enough to distract from the vulnerability in his eyes. Steve—well, Steve could never manage a smile like
“I, uh…” Tony said slowly, and it sounded like he was leaning away from the phone for a second. From the sounds on the other end, he might’ve been in his workshop in the tower, or else Pym’s lab. Steve hoped it wasn’t the latter; Tony had been electrocuted there one too many times for his taste. “Well, I’m pretty busy today, but sure, why not, let’s do lunch. I’ll get out of here for an hour or so. Club A? I just updated the robots and now they can make a pretty mean sandwich.”
in disguise—but he’s just not good at going under the radar. He has such presence at all times, and he doesn’t even seem to realize it. It’s the little things Tony has to watch out for: tweets about that hot American guy who came into the shop, barely-in-frame photos of a very recognizable profile, snippets of an undisguised voice in the background of a video. One by one, he covers them up, distorts them, sneaks them by right under Ross’s nose. It helps, and it makes Tony feel better too.
“What do you mean?” Tony asked, looking equal parts puzzled and pleased as he leaned into Steve’s touch.
After a minute, one of Tony’s repulsor blasts tossed the monster back, head over heels—though Steve couldn’t be sure that the monster had either of those—and Tony stood over it with satisfaction on his face. It wasn't the overwrought look of brazen smugness that he put on for strangers, but rather the honest expression of effort and accomplishment he only got when he’d really worked for something. It looked good.
“I, yeah,” Steve said, equally awkward. “Look, do you want a, a soda, or a sandwich, or—anything? I’ll—“
Something about it was just one straw too many for Tony, and suddenly he was up and scrambling to throw his shirt back on, leaving Steve's side cold where Tony’s body heat had been. A sick feeling of regret squeezed at Steve’s heart as he watched Tony hurry away from him like he’d been burned.
That’s the world out there, and it’s real, and somewhere in it are people he loves, and loved, and loved him. It makes him strong enough to straighten his spine again, to stand.
“Of course I don’t want to be with Loki, he and Amora deserve each other.” Steve said with a little smile, enjoying the exasperation on Tony’s face. “But I’m in favor of anything that gets
Friday follows them through the security cameras, and knows that their efforts will be futile. She does not tell them so; she can see that they are clinging to their hope.
When he found whatever he was looking for, the tension relaxed and the bitter lewdness washed out of Tony’s face like it had never been. His spine and the corners of his eyes loosened, a natural shift back toward Steve’s body beside him. He relinquished his glass and twisted his wrist under Steve’s until their palms pressed together, warm and secure.
A sudden impulse became a decision, and Steve started jogging that way, skipping the sidewalk entirely and enjoying the coolness of the dewy grass on his ankles. It was a perfect afternoon, nice and cool, not yet too cold because of the Academy’s proximity to the water.
“No,” T’Challa says again. It’s unequivocal, and it makes Steve feel like wringing his hands in frustration. “I think you mistake my hospitality for an agreement with your politics, Captain. You forget that it was my father who brought the Sokovia Accords into being, and that it was I who maintained their implementation after his death. You are welcome to stay in my city. You are not welcome to insult myself and my Dora Milaje by intruding where you are not wanted or needed.”
But no, it wouldn’t do any good to work himself up over past mistakes. They’d compromised, gotten past that. It didn’t matter anymore. What mattered was here and now, where Steve would maybe, finally, stop talking to himself and just go out and
“I think I could arrange something, handsome fella like you,” he said. It was electrifying to hear the want in Tony’s voice, to shape
, Steve,” the stranger said, voice gone deeper still and round with amusement. He smirked broadly. “You’ll be
When he got to the Mansion, Steve hit upon the slight flaw in his plan: he wasn’t Tony. He had no intrinsic magical connection, artificial or otherwise, and he had very little faith in his ability to replicate the whistling call Tony had made, not knowing what it meant—since there was clearly a great deal of meaning encoded in the sound. So Steve decided to stick to the basics, and hope for the best.
He failed the people he cares about. He broke the law. And he’s going to do whatever he has to do to make up for what he did wrong.
"Boss, you've been at that too long," Friday interrupts. "The strain the device puts on your autonomic nervous system—"
shocked, but probably not hiding that he was shocked all the same. “What are you…?” He was surprised to see a delicate, warm-looking flush creeping up underneath the silver of Tony’s fake beard. Embarrassment was a strange look on Tony Stark, but a good one, Steve had to admit. Everything was a good look on Tony, which was kind of unfair.
Steve resisted the temptation to tongue at him and instead leaned down to leave a trail of delicate, teasing kisses along Tony’s thigh, relishing the taste of deep golden skin and the little quivers of pleasure under his mouth. Tony was so responsive and so easy under Steve’s hands, his pleasure so evident in his every sound and movement, and flattery or no flattery Steve hadn’t felt so
“Can I getcha anything?” the bartender asked, not loudly, but suddenly enough to startle Steve’s eyes open. His face was kind. “Sorry. Long day, I bet. You’re not the only one, I’ve been here… long enough, anyway. You want the good stuff?” He inclined his head toward the shelves, and was halfway to reaching for one by the time Steve had the presence of mind to correct him.
A few days later, Tony showed up at Steve’s door again. It was the middle of the day this time, and Steve’s first thought was that he wouldn’t have to worry about bothering Sam—or garnering awkward questions from Sam—who was out logging airtime with his new wings.
getting older, and his fey mood couldn’t be very attractive. It wasn’t easy to shake off. He pressed his shoulders back and straightened himself into the neat lines of his shirt, did his best to uncrumple the pinch of his brow.
If they were going to fight for everything that mattered, they would have to fight with nothing less than
“Uh. I’m a strategist,” he added, though he didn’t see how that could be helpful. “You want to draw up battle plans together?”
, as well; either way, Steve figured he ought to set about proving himself. There were no words he could give her that she couldn’t get directly from his mind already, so the only real proof would be in actions. Well, he had plenty of time to spare, at least.
A few years ago he would’ve thought about Gawain going out to meet the Green Knight, for honor’s sake, and because no one else could. It’s still true that there’s no one else who can do this, but there’s no honor left to gain or lose, so Tony goes to meet it without thinking of pretty stories where the hero escapes beheading with only a scratch to show for it.
Once in a while Misty was willing to indulge Steve and talk about Tony, or rather his crush on Tony—which was nice, because it turned out she was one of the few who had never bought into Tony’s narcissist genius act—but mostly she wasn’t, and that was even better.
“Absolutely,” Steve said. He leaned in again, carefully controlled, and pressed their lips together once more, and Tony pressed back sweetly. “There, now you’re my first second kiss.”
This thought wasn’t one of those. It didn’t feel the way they always did, clear and sharp and incontrovertible. He still didn’t know what it
than he’d been looking for, and he abruptly couldn’t escape the knowledge that tonight wouldn’t be enough for him. He ducked away from Tony’s gaze as a dull ache opened up in the back of his heart, like the beginnings of a headache.
Breathe. Steve closed his eyes and smoothed his expression, let the low, jazzy music wash over him as his intercostal muscles relaxed.
Steve slid his finger back in slowly, twisted it, and pressed gently outwards to begin stretching the tight muscle. He kept attentive eyes on the shift and flex of Tony’s body as he worked—not that it was especially difficult, that. It was magnificent how effortlessly Tony’s body was opening up under his touch, how little resistance he posed to the thrust of a second finger.
“Yes,” Steve breathes, and Tony's heart twists and shatters out of rhythm. The anger rises in him so fast that it overflows before he can control it, and his backhand throws Steve wide.
Steve smiled once more and had the surprised satisfaction of seeing Tony pay for his drink without taking his darkening eyes off of Steve’s mouth. He did a little double take when eh saw that Tony had paid with a crisp tenner and didn’t seem to be waiting for change, but maybe Tony was the kind of guy who could afford to buy the bottle for his glass. Definitely
“Yeah,” Tony said, and he gave Steve a quick, affectionate hug before they parted ways for the night. Steve walked away with a spring in his step. The date had been lovely, more than lovely, a long ride and a long talk and that
The waitress’ surprise sets off something of a chain reaction. Suddenly, whenever Steve mentions Tony in public, somebody’s saying how long it’s been since they’ve seen him. He shows up for press conferences, everyone knows that, but here, right within a few blocks of Tony’s home, where he used to wander and poke his head into the shops because he knew the owners, no one has seen Tony.
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” he managed. God, this was embarrassing. Fighting in a bulky metal suit had done wonders for Steve’s muscles, but—as he was feeling now,
forget him. Steve was going to be one of his firsts, after all. It was selfish, probably, but if Tony lived on with fond memories of Steve’s honest want…
He thinks about Natasha, talking about sacrificing some of their personal freedom to keep them together, and he thinks that she didn’t just mean
He does what he is told. He weaves the stories together for Ross, twisting the separate threads together. Ross accepts his meager offerings and puts the warrant back away. Another night safe.
“It still doesn’t matter,” Steve insisted. “Like I told you before, I like you, you like me, and we’re not going to sleep together.”
“I don’t know if there was another way. I just thought that if you were in danger, and I could do something… it would be worth it, to give up whatever’s left of my life for you. Even after what happened between us.”
Then he stood up and gathered his discarded clothes, turning his back to Steve’s shocked expression. Steve had said nearly the same thing to Tony in the bar, when Tony had felt too exposed and turned flippant. And now, after a night that had clearly been so much more than either of them had expected, Steve was making light of it to push him away.
Despite the intervening years, the bar was just as Steve remembered it, all dark wood and unpolished bronze. Deep sodium light drifted from the alcoves like snow and accumulated on the intimate booths and tables, on the edges of shelves that glinted with deep red and amber liquors. He wasn’t quite dumb enough to ask for a drink from one of the heavy crystal decanters—though, under the circumstances, he almost wished he were—but he was definitely dumb enough to step into a certain kind of bar in the evening, to slide into a certain open space at the bar, and to cast a certain kind of speculative eye around the men who were lounging against the wooden counter just a little too close to one another.
After a few sandwiches and an hour of lighthearted conversation, they were both pretty relaxed, and Steve, well. Steve was starting to feel brave. It helped that the club was mostly empty at this time of day; there were only a few students hanging around for lunch instead of taking the longer trip out into the city, and Kamala was over at the pool table. She’d probably be writing fanfiction about them if she noticed, but no one else would care, and in that moment, neither did Steve.
But he couldn’t, he reminded himself. Just kissing wasn’t usually this distracting. He grasped for rationality and pulled back an inch or two, sharing Tony’s breath while they regrouped.
Tony’s grip shifted as he helped Steve to his feet, steadying him by the waist when his knees wobbled embarrassingly at the sudden increase in blood flow. He unbuckled Steve’s belt for him with dexterous fingers, slowly and teasingly, never once touching where the contact was most wanted, never once taking his intense eyes off of Steve’s, until Steve was just about ready to cave and admit that this way of doing things was pretty
—and whenever he got to the begging stage he made himself stop and start over again in hopes of being more coherent the next time around. His stomach was so tense with nerves that he wasn’t sure he’d be able to eat.
“You knew!” he screams, firing up the boot jets to follow the arc of Steve’s trajectory. Tony lands heavily and seizes Steve as he tries to scramble up from the floor, holding him tight around the biceps to keep him from hitting back. “You lied to me about everything!”
Tony takes longer lunches now, not to try Ross’ patience but to bolster his own. He comes to know the old man who owns the coffee shop and the young woman who helps him run it, he learns about the love life of the waitress with the friendly smile. There’s a book shop only a few streets over, too-nice and expensive, because this is Manhattan, but smallish and charming on the inside.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked him, looking up at the darkened panes of glass of the haunted Mansion, half frosted with age and neglect. Tony tugged his sleeve and started leading him around the side of the house instead.
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross yells at him until he feels better.
There Tony closed his eyes and dropped Steve’s hand, and Steve let him. It wasn’t time now, but there
like he did in the original memory, Tony will be able to change things, to make it better. He runs the scenario.
He goes to art museums, trusting T’Challa’s technology to fool the cameras, and he goes to the Opera even though he doesn’t have the ear for it. He imagines that Tony would hate it too, and he tortures himself with half formed fantasies of sitting in the back together and being united in the wry wish to be elsewhere.
how much better it could be. He wouldn’t. He turned his mouth deeper into the kiss, trying to be steady and reassuring toward the younger man, and flicked his tongue lightly over the skin just behind Tony’s teeth. Tony huffed a little, probably taking it for an accident—so Steve did it again, and again, until Tony couldn’t hold back a shiver and a giggle and he broke away.
, he hears, and the memory wrings his heart like a sponge, drawing out so much old buried pain that his breath hitches.
; he’d just thought they were decorative. He watched more closely, unconsciously rocking up onto the balls of his feet with anticipation, as Tony and the monster continued to trade blows. The way Tony moved in the fight was not unlike the way he moved on the dance floor, though Steve felt guilty making the comparison, guilty thinking about that at all when he’d been so directly turned down—but Tony
“I had a really good time,” Steve told him sincerely. It was an understatement, really; he’d just spent over an hour with Tony pressed against his back as the salt air rushed past them, and he’d probably be taking a long, long shower in a few minutes.
were the last few inches between them finally erased, skin to skin and not quite enough. After a moment, Steve cleared his throat to break up the sudden lump there.
“I will inform Sir of your request,” Jarvis said, and Steve breathed out a sigh of relief that was almost a sob.
. Anonymity made Tony seem, paradoxically, more trustworthy rather than less; it made some part of Steve
“side.” They agree that the UN has been minimally helpful at best, and that Steve and the other Avengers ought to have been left free to operate at their own discretion.
No one will be able to open it. No one will be able to activate any of the advanced functions, the ones that will affect the state of Tony’s body. No one will be able to get at him, to help him or to harm him. Not even his friends.
, does that make sense? I want to try it with you.” He bottomed out and leaned over, their shirts brushing, his hips snug against Steve’s pelvis. His voice was going breathy. “Is it good?”
He was shading in the reflective metal of the bot’s casing an hour later when he heard Tony calling his name and his head jerked up automatically.
Tony’s eyes flicked downwards. “There’s not a thing wrong with what you’ve got,” he objected. “You’re perfectly proportioned.”
“You really scared me for a moment there,” Tony said, with false lightness and a real smile. “I thought you were about to give some epic letdown speech, heh.”
“Oh, you know,” he says roughly, and he gulps down the water Dummy brings him eagerly. When he speaks again, the words don’t cut his throat with broken edges. “Terrible.”
her thinking. It wasn’t quite words, wasn’t quite pictures, but they were plainly her thoughts all the same, full of concern-Tony-determination, happiness-newness-Steve-resolve-helping. She was glad that Steve would help her take care of her stubborn human, he understood.
—it had been hell on his joints. Some of the old bitterness surged again on the back of Steve’s tongue. “I’m… not exactly what I used to be.”
Tony might well be the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. His face was only a few scant inches away, his expression was gentle with affection and desire, open and artless, and he… he wasn’t a stranger anymore. Not really. Steve couldn’t breathe. He liked Tony. He’d liked him from the first moment he’d seen him at the other end of the bar, and he’d only liked him more by the minute. But seeing him like this, with his eyes such a bright,
. Too young for Steve, almost definitely, but too beautiful to ignore. Hazy golden light made the smooth olive skin of his cheekbones glow, and deep shadows clung to his jaw and the bridge of his nose. In the half-light, handsome features became stark and dramatic, a play-mask of anonymity.
“Anyway, the point is, a lot of time was spent there. So now it’s just kind of comforting, I guess. Familiar.” Steve rubbed at the back of his neck with one hand. “I know it’s dumb—“
There were a few seconds of silence—as Steve tried desperately to think of small talk for a man who might really answer, and tried harder not to be too preoccupied with that man’s absurd handsomeness—but Tony didn’t seem to find it awkward at all. He was still grinning, almost too broadly, as though his day had already been made, and laughed when he visibly realized that they were each waiting for the other to speak.
And it got easier. They knew the rules, they practiced, and after a while they didn’t have to think about it nearly so much. Tony took Steve for a long flight over the water, just after the sun went down, and they both watched the stars coming out and glittering on the waves below and tried to pick out constellations for hours. When the night air started to cool off, Tony retracted his helmet and they kissed until the heavens around them were inside, too, perfection in its finished state, not waiting on anything more. And then, Steve drew back and just breathed into the chilly metal of Tony’s pauldron, and Tony flew him home and gave him a peck of a kiss goodnight.
a cheap date, then—but that was less important to Steve than the tough calluses he could feel on Tony’s fingertips, than the bright glint he could see in Tony’s eyes as they stepped away from the bar together and headed out into the swiftly deepening night.
And it’s too much, it is, but Tony sets the unlock codes all the same. If he wakes, he’ll never say a word, but he’ll know that for a moment, at least, it was true.
Steve’s eyes sting, and he’s not even sure if this little girl’s drawing is making him feel better or worse.
Of course, it can’t last. He isn’t, in fact, just one out of many. The serum makes that impossible. Maybe Steve himself makes that impossible, he doesn’t know for sure.
, he thought wildly, that heat was Tony’s arousal rubbing against his like he couldn’t get enough, firm and wanting and separated from Steve’s own only by millimeters. He clenched his fingers in Tony’s shirt, held onto the sleekness of him underneath. Tony felt good to touch, both muscular and soft—he had a smooth fat layer, unlike Steve’s stringy body—and there was an urge in Steve’s palms to
Tony, and just for one Goddamned night he’d wanted to pretend that everything was okay, that he was wanted and he wasn’t just a wreck of a middle-aged man going on ninety who was going to die in the morning. His face burned.
It wasn’t until he was returning to his place in the back with his sketchbook—when he caught a satisfied, objective-achieved type look on Tony’s face out of the corner of his eye—that it occurred to him that Tony might have been testing his restraint, too. Wondering if he could control himself now that his feelings for Tony were known between them. That thought hurt, but Steve did understand. He’d gone in there hoping to prove just the same thing, after all. Whatever Tony needed to feel reassured about Steve’s intentions for him, for their friendship, Steve was willing to do it for him.
“Me too, actually,” he managed. “I’m—well, I have—“ There was no honest way to finish that sentence, but Tony didn’t ask.
and something in Steve’s left knee gave. All at once he was panting for all the wrong reasons, trembling with the effort to keep still and hold his weight on his arms.
Finally, he finds the strength to open the book and start drawing. He looks up and finds that he’s drawing Stark Tower and has to stifle a hysterical laugh. He’s come full circle.
But tonight was all that was left, and Steve had never liked asking for what he knew he couldn’t have. He would just have to enjoy this while it lasted.
In Germany, there are a more people who agree that the Avengers shouldn’t be controlled by the UN, but there are also more that want to see them punished for the destruction they did within the city itself. The fight at the airport grounded a lot of planes and ruined a lot of jobs, and on top of that the whole area was under the tightest, most panicked security for weeks until things could return to a semblance of functionality. Tony, he comes to understand, has paid for most of the damage himself.
“Please,” Tony said suddenly. He looked surprised at himself. “I haven’t—I mean, I want it, but I’ve never—on this end of things, anyway.“
, and it wasn’t like he was about to go asking either of them out anytime soon. He tried not to look too anxious as he waited for Tony to set down his can and answer.
"Are you busy right now?” Steve asked. Friday tilted her head inquisitively. “It’s just, if you’re not, I really did want to get to know you,” he explained. “It’s been really great—better than great—being with Tony, and I realized I haven’t seen you around much since he introduced us, except when he fights. Thank you for helping him, by the way. I’m really glad he has people looking out for him.”
“I didn’t know, but I’ll help you make it right. There are still Hydra cells out there, Hydra bases like this one; you and I can find them, and take them out together. They’ve taken so much from both of us,” Steve says, and his eyes are full of all his grief for the time that was taken from him, and all the people he lost.
“It’s—childish and immature. Weak. If you can’t get a girl or—or a guy, by the time you’re my age, it’s because you can’t. Because something’s wrong with you, and they can see it. Don’t stick your dick in crazy, you know.” The words were spilling from Tony’s lips like he couldn’t stop them. They didn’t sound like Tony’s words; they sounded like things he’d been told, things he’d been taught to believe about himself.
Steve had been perfectly willing to honor Tony’s no sex requirement indefinitely, and he still was, but the longer Tony’s anxious, secretive silence went on, the more he was starting to think that there was some kind of sinister or painful reason for it. He was happy to give whatever Tony needed from him, but he was very much not happy to let him suffer or hurt himself or—Steve wasn’t sure what, but his imagination had plenty of awful suggestions—for something that wasn’t worth it.
Then Natasha walked by with wings and tentacles of her own, and there was something in the look of her, or maybe the feel of looking at her, that made Steve’s brain hurt, and he decided maybe he didn’t want to have what it took to deal with this threat, after all.
Steve opens it carefully and finds a child’s drawing in red and yellow, something he can immediately recognize. Someone, rather. Someone near the very top of the list of things Steve had been trying not to think about, and maybe even higher on the list of things that kept him crying so long the night before.
Steve attacks in retaliation, and Tony responds dispassionately. The hurt of betrayal seems to have leaked out of him along with all the other excised feelings. Now, he looks into the face of Steve’s wild vengeance, and he just feels cold and lost. Steve doesn't care about him anymore, if he ever did. He feels more like crying than fighting. He could analyze Steve’s fight pattern, but… honestly, he doesn’t care enough anymore. Steve is fighting to kill, Tony can see it in his rage-blind eyes, and Tony thinks it might be easier just to let him. Some would say that he’d get to see his parents afterward; maybe this is the way to heal that grief.
“What’s it gonna cost me?” Tony murmured, suddenly very close. Steve’s flirtatious repertoire failed him all at once and he hoped the dimness wasn’t showing too much of the heat in his face. He had given up on keeping the heat in his belly down.
. It wasn’t a tone Steve usually heard from him, and it made him almost more anxious than a whole slew of bruising had done.
Here and now, Steve thought numbly as he stepped out the door of the dorm, where the Academy was under attack. Again.
, so he just held so still he was barely breathing and wrapped his fingers around the offending wires to yank them from their places. They each took a fairly firm tug, but once he’d gotten them free he stepped out of the way to let Tony reattach them in their new positions. He walked away with a sense of pride in his chest, knowing he’d gotten as close to Tony as he had been on the dance floor, and he hadn’t moved to touch him even a little bit. Mission accomplished, he thought.
“I will inform him,” Jarvis repeated, “but Sir will make his own decision. I suggest that you have your own meal, at which time Sir will join you, or not join you, as he sees fit.”
“You don’t even need the tour,” he joked, and Tony laughed warmly against him. Tony seemed like he knew what he was doing, and more than that, he seemed comfortable in Steve’s space in a way no one but Reed had been for years. It was—it was what Steve had been looking for,
With a few skillful strokes and even more skillful kisses, Tony coaxed Steve back to full hardness inside the condom, which was odd but not unpleasant. He added a little more lube and began positioning himself carefully over Steve’s cock.
It’s a Monday, bright and early—or so Friday tells him—when Tony is awakened for a press conference. He shakes himself alert and all but throws himself into a cold shower, scrubbing thoroughly. When he gets out, he dolls himself up proper, with dabs of concealer for the bags under his eyes and powder for his paling complexion and gloss for his cracked lips. His beard is neatly trimmed and his hair is slicked back so that no one can see how ragged the ends are getting.
Steve punches him in the face, hard enough to feel through armor, and Tony remembers the feeling of his mother’s last kiss on his cheek. A melody drifts through his head.
“I know. I still want to.” He went down easily enough, but his body was tense. Steve would have to loosen him up in more ways than one. Luckily, he’d had more than his share of tight and aching muscles over the years, and he’d gotten pretty good at working the knots out of them, making them go loose. Steve took his time, just as Tony had first wanted, working his way methodically down Tony’s body. It didn’t’ take long at all for Tony to let go of his nervousness and give himself completely over to Steve’s hands.
, finally stirs all the feelings Tony has suppressed these long months. Something that feels very like Iron Man wakes up in his heart, his strength arising from powerlessness. Tony wants to try—but it’s more than emotion. He’s
They keep talking. Tony’s voice gets steadier with more water and more practice, and his words start to come more smoothly. Tony is more world-weary than he used to be, but some of the bitterness leaches out of him as he remembers what it was like to just
They hadn’t practiced the move much, and what with everything that happened they hadn’t had a chance for a long time, but Steve’s body had an even better memory than his mind; he put his feet on Iron Man’s boots, clasped his hands to newly-shaped grips in the armor’s pauldrons, and held tight as they took off toward their comrades. It was a little graceless, and a lot unpracticed, but flying together felt like a promise. To fight the next battle, and fight hard enough to come out the other side of it just like this. To give their lives, instead of their deaths.
It would be so like Steve to forget that he’s meant to be laying low, the idiot. Tony ought to let him get caught, just to prove the point. Tony
you like me?” Tony said suddenly, smirking and turning away to watch Steven out of the corner of heavy-lidded eyes. “Gonna go down and show me what else you can do with that mouth of yours?” All at once his voice was snake oil and his eyes were shadowed. That lecherous grin was painted onto the gold and black mask of dim light and darkness, an exaggeration and a parody of real emotion.
“There’s nothing wrong with that, Tony,” Steve said, finally getting over himself and putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder blade. If it weren’t okay, Tony would tell him. “Not a thing.”
“Tony, what happened?” Steve demanded, reaching out to get an arm around Tony’s waist and help him inside. He ended up taking what felt like almost half of Tony’s staggering weight, and his gut twisted again. “Are you okay?”
Steve wanted to say that it didn’t matter to him. He wanted to say that he’d take Tony’s shirt off and kiss him and want him anyway—and he
When the man’s throat worked evenly around a long swallow, Steve choked on his tongue. He took a few more careful breaths for an entirely different reason, and tried to listen to the voice in his head reminding him that he was being honest, and the other voice pointing out that he had no way of knowing the outcome before the experiment had even run—
“I know it can’t be easy, talking to me again,” Steve says. “I can go. Or—stay. Whatever you want, Tony.”
the tentacle-infested fountain. They went driving together on Steve’s motorcycle, and flying together in the quinjet, and sometimes they even just flew arm-in-arm, Steve trusting to Tony’s gentle grip to keep him from falling.
that was a sex thing. Tony would never be that callous with his friends’ feelings. “You really thought I just wanted sex?"
Tony had passed the image off as nothing more than a mistake, but he can’t do that every time. He can’t hold Ross off the real trail forever; there’s only so much that a known genius can play dumb when he’s told to weave the threads together.
Then, suddenly, it wasn’t so unbelievable that a figment of Steve’s imagination might be real, because there was an honest-to-goodness
why you were really running!” Tony breaks off to heave in rapid breaths, snatching at shreds of control. He can hear the whine of his repulsors charging on Steve’s chest in response to involuntary commands. “Steve,” he says, and his voice breaks. It becomes very small and very frightened, the child still hiding inside him who once hid from a wine-soaked father. “Did you
But he can’t remember, not really. He feels, distantly, a little lightheaded. There's pain in his chest. The anger that had given him strength to fight is beyond his reach, even when Steve throws him to the floor and climbs on top of him, bringing his shield down again and again on Tony’s faceplate. The whole thing shatters at once, and then Tony’s face is bared to the freezing air of the bunker, and he can see Steve’s intent with clear eyes.
“Oh, I’ll be pleased too, no worries,” the man said easily. It was impossible to tell the color of his eyes with the light at this angle, but his heavy-lidded salacious look threw the dark smudge of his lashes into sharp relief. Up close, he wasn’t just handsome; he was downright breathtaking. Too beautiful, really, to be wasting any of his attention flirting with a rickety old thing like Steve.
Ross is frustrated with the lack of Captain America. With a figurehead like that, a man could do anything. He could patch his political career, he could swing public opinion definitively, or he could even admit to the world that the UN is hunting down their beloved superheroes. Having Captain America is a superpower in itself, and it’s one that Ross covets desperately. Each morning the pile of tasks he leaves at his jackal’s door gets a little larger; now two leads for Tony to follow, now four, now a half dozen, until he feels like he has a hundred and eight different things to worry about every day. None of them turn up Captain America.
“Tell me you’re safe, Tony,” Steve asks one day. Tony wonders if his incarceration is public knowledge yet, and decides it doesn’t matter. There are no secrets between the two of them, not anymore.
. He put his fear and horror and disappointment about Hydra into that box, and his pain and betrayal when Tony and Bruce kept Ultron a secret, and Wanda and Pietro’s selfish manipulation of the team, and so many other hurts and rages. He filled that box up with everything that got in his way and he locked it tight and he won and won and
to let him get caught, or at least something selfish and vindictive inside of him does. For a whole minute, his fingers hover over the keystrokes that will turn up Steve Rogers in a poor neighborhood in Lagos. He could pull that string so easily.
“I mean it, Tony,” he said quietly. Their fingers were still linked, and he laced them together and squeezed. A beat of stunned silence passed.
A few seconds of puzzling later, the furrow and the fantasy disappeared together as the man tipped his head in a clear
let his friends, or former friends, or whatever they are to him now, get hurt because of him. They’ve been hurt enough because of Ross, because of the Raft, because of Tony himself. No more. However bitter he is, however little he likes them in his lowest moments—he
One dead-on thrust, then two, and Tony came hard and fast. He gave a shocked moan of Steve’s name and his pretty cock ruined both their shirts when he slumped forward, pulsing over and over as his orgasm kept going for what seemed like forever. Every jerk of Steve’s hips prompted another shuddering aftershock, a hazy moan. More,
It’s fun, and it’s immensely satisfying considering what the man on the other end of the line has done to his friends, but eventually the real world comes knocking, bringing his guilt with it. When it does, Tony only lets himself sigh once before he stiffens his lip and goes out to meet it.
“Nice work, Avenger!” Steve called, and Tony’s head whipped around like he hadn’t noticed Steve was there. Well, maybe he hadn’t, he’d looked pretty focused. Steve smiled at him and waved, letting him see just how proud Steve was of what he’d done. Tony liked approval, he knew, and Steve, well, he
It felt good, because it’s what he was made for. Violence. War. Even in Brooklyn, he’d spent half his time getting himself beaten down trying to beat somebody twice his size.
The first sound that comes is breathing, unsteady but familiar. He doesn’t know when he learned the sound of Steve’s breath.
“I see I’m in good company,” Steve muttered without heat, and Tony’s smirk turned wicked and delighted.
“Yeah, me too,” Tony said, and there was a look in his eye that said he’d probably be doing the same thing. The idea started a shiver at the base of Steve’s spine, but he suppressed it. There was a breath of silence, and then Tony was surging up all at once, kissing Steve softly but urgently, like he’d been thinking about it for a long time; Steve knew that feeling very well. It felt like no time at all before the kiss had turned hard, wanting, desperate—it didn’t even feel like their first, it felt like their
When the words finally came to a stop, Steve was breathing harder than ever, as though the fight had never really ended. Tony didn’t seem to be breathing at all. He just sat and stared, eyes wide, so blatantly full of emotion that it was impossible for Steve to guess what feeling might come out on top.
But Tony can’t quite give up stupid hope that if he dies, maybe then, maybe just for a moment, Steve will be moved enough to say the words Tony always dreamed of. Enough to say goodbye, the way Tony knows he himself must once have said goodbye. Maybe even enough to reach for his cold skin, just a brush, one last touch of gentleness.
Steve wanders the city. He talks to strangers. He looks at whatever improbable thing is being shown off now, and he asks questions, but not about politics anymore. He listens to street musicians and pays for the pleasure when he has money on him. He walks into a bookshop because it seems like a nice little shop, and he comes out with a sketchbook and a new set of pencils. For a few hours they just sit on the table in front of him at a cafe. It feels like they’re staring back at him, like they’re daring him to do what he wants to so badly.
“Tony, I wanted to ask you out,” Steve said gently. He hoped very much that he was making things better by baring himself like this, but anything would be better than that look on Tony’s face. “I would—“ he felt his face go hot— “I would very much like to sleep with you at some point, but my, my feelings for you don’t change if you don’t want to or—or can’t. Tony, I—“
, Steve knew, or whatever passed for normal in this century—and it would hardly qualify for normal in the time Steve came from, either—but it didn’t need to be normal to be good. It was more than good, truthfully; it was perfect. Steve wouldn’t change it for the world.
"What?” Steve froze with his hands on the medical supplies and looked back up at Tony’s face. He was looking off at the other side of the room, unseeing, but his expression looked as raw and exposed as the broken skin on his cheek.
“Hey, J, could you throw up the specs I was working on this morning?” Tony asked, leaning back down out of the armor for a moment. Jarvis immediately projected a wireframe of blue light into the air beside the armor, and Tony stretched and twisted it until it had the same size and shape as the armor circuits, and then switched it over to the holoprojector he’d already put inside the armor, matching it up with its physical counterpart. He kept murmuring to Jarvis as he dragged a soldering gun toward himself, and Steve had the strongest urge to draw the reach of his sturdy, beautiful fingers, but he stopped his pencil before it could start.
A glass of water slid across the rich dark wood of the counter a few seconds later, and Steve dredged up a real—
thought it was something to be ashamed of. And really, Steve had only been surprised, since Tony always talked like—
“I never said it was going to be easy,” Steve said. “But I think we can do it, if we really try. And I swear I’m never going to—to resent you or anything because of it.”
And, Steve thought with a rough swallow once his own clothes were out of the way, the rush had been more than worth it. Tony’s thighs were solidly muscled and beautifully formed, and his cock was thick and flush where it peeked out from under his shirttails. Tony was very, very handsome, all over.
The honesty in his tone and the determined warmth in his eyes brought that new want in Steve surging to the fore. He knew that his impulse wasn’t Important the way some thoughts were important, and that it was selfish to choose that want and even more so to ask for it.
“You got it,” Steve answered, and his voice came out low and rough, intimate. He wanted to clear his throat, but then they were already moving.
Steve doesn’t know how long he spends just sitting there in the clean brightness of the medical facility, slumped and staring at Bucky’s motionless body. It takes a long time for the freezing process to be complete, but most of it is visible only by the way the ice slowly encroaches from the edges of the glass. Bucky has been unconscious since the beginning, he knows. He had closed his eyes readily and calmly, and at the time Steve had given a twisted little half smile at the thought that Bucky was going to sleep, getting the rest he had so long deserved.
about the chestplate. But how could Tony even suspect that, when Steve had been so careful not to give him any sign--?
The repulsor blast is powerful, shearing through protective plates and wiring and servos with a smell of burning metal. The Winter Soldier screams as the metal arm tears away from his body at the shoulder, breaking away from its connections to his nervous system, and he falls to his knees on the floor, one-armed.
He gets himself hired as a construction worker for a few weeks, and he keeps his head down and does what he’s told. He gets a little bit of a reputation for his strength, and his appearance still sticks out, but T’Challa’s disguise works. No one knows that he’s Captain America.
“Tony,” Steve said very seriously, stepping right up to him and cupping his uninjured right cheek with one hand, making sure Tony was meeting his eyes. “I would do
“What do you like to do?” Steve asked. He really didn’t know much about her, except that she was magical and connected to Tony.
Friday was there too, because this had started out as more of a hangout than an actual date, but she was sitting just as quietly as they were, armor set aside and long legs folded up gracefully underneath her. Like horses, she couldn’t sit or lay down too long, but for a little while, it was nice to have all three of them on the grass like this, low down and feeling just how high the sky was above them.
“Well, I’m not complaining,” Steve said, finding his feet again. “And you?” He could still feel the heat of the man’s lips on the back of his cool hand, and he was loath to withdraw it from his grip.
Steve grabbed what he’d been angling for in the first place and then knelt between Tony’s thighs, facing his challenge with new determination. This had to be
graceful, powerful in the way he moved, no matter where or when. He could be elegant shambling out of bed and reaching for his first cup of coffee, so here, wrapped in the strength of armor and facing off against an enemy, it was no trouble at all for Steve to find him beautiful.
After a couple of days, Steve figured out that he wasn't needed. Well, maybe that was a little more bitter than was fair. Steve could help the way he always could; he could gather materials and carry out chores and go to classes, make sure the Academy kept running smoothly. Basically, he could keep an eye on the home front while other people took care of the
There was a flash of confusion-introspection-Tony-specificity-solving-joy-satisfaction, which Steve took to mean that she wasn’t sure what she wanted to do, but that she and Tony usually did math together. It was unexpectedly adorable.
“Then I’ve got some time yet,” Tony said with a little, hopeful smile. He didn’t understand yet. Maybe he thought they could go another round.
If his body is transferred to the pod quickly enough, it might even be preserved, held back from death, but Tony doesn’t hope for that too hard. He’s seen the way things have been going, lately.
“Let me help,” Steve asks one day. A message has come to the palace, too quickly spoken for Steve’s rudimentary Wakandan to parse; something is happening near the border of Wakanda. An emergency. Possibly an Emergency with a capital E, the kind of thing the Avengers used to deal with. Sam is in training and Wanda is in school and Scott is off… somewhere, doing God knows what it is he does all day… but Steve can get them together. They can suit up, they can—
Abruptly, the bartender’s compliment sprang to mind, and then it was the only thing Steve could think of. He smiled.
“Wait,” said Steve. He still hadn’t answered, and he didn’t want Tony to go away still thinking that he hadn’t been good enough, or that he’d done something wrong, or whatever it was he’d been thinking. Steve’s hand trembled a little as he raised it to press against Tony’s naked back, between his shoulder blades, but Tony just slumped into the motion and rested his forehead on Steve’s shoulder, so he figured it was allowed. “We all get knocked down sometimes, you know,” Steve told him gently. “I do, and Natasha does, and Jan does, and Loki does, too, to everyone’s great relief.” Tony laughed quietly, more a huff of humid breath against Steve’s shirt than anything, but it was good to hear all the same.
Stark Industries is starting to fall, the markets complain. There are no new ideas coming out of R&D. At least improve on the old ones. Build them now. Do you
Steve’s letting himself think of Tony, now, and he almost wishes he weren’t. Charles Spencer, that was the name he had given the Avengers at that useless, aborted discussion. How had Tony known that name in particular? How would he have even found out about an American kid doing service work in Sokovia? Two options come to mind, and Steve isn’t sure which is more horrible.
The emotion was gone a moment later, and Steve had more important things to worry about than pinning down one distracted moment in a brawl. He couldn’t stop to want anything, much less to ask for anything. Not now. He hardly stopped to breathe until the sounds of combat had begun to fade—
“I just don’t want to talk about it, okay? Nothing’s your fault, and if you say sorry again I’m gonna have an aneurysm,” he insisted, when Steve attempted a third apology.
to pass Howard’s lips, the memory had jarred so badly with the existing one that Tony had been sick all over the carpet.
Tony didn’t let him into the workshop the next day, and Steve couldn’t even pretend to himself that he didn’t know exactly why. He went away feeling hot behind his eyes and wishing he’d never given in to the stupid urge to kiss Tony in the first place.
the type to go above and beyond in helping people, even if it wasn’t his forte. That was probably it.
that I was going to walk around ignorant until someone else shoved snuff footage in my face, because oddly enough it never occurred to me to look through Hydra's ancient high-encryption files for records of a car
“That’s sweet of you, Cap, really it is, but you’re wrong,” Tony said flatly. “If I hadn’t been so skeptical I might’ve realized that you really—that you really
She knows what it is to hang on her last thread like that. She and Tony had done it together, reading the measures that would be taken against the so-called rogue Avengers and praying that Steve would come home before it came to that. Praying, on her own, that Steve would come back and mend her boss's broken heart. But it's too late for that.
The thought of facing the families of people he killed by accident in trying to help his friend is more than daunting, it’s terrifying.
He programs them into the top of the priority sequences, which isn’t hard. He leaves notes in the code that say things like
She is bandaged in many places and one of her arms is in a cast, and there is a deep cut on one side of her face that makes it difficult for her to speak, but she looks at Steve with proud, clear eyes nonetheless, and she tells him
Okay. Okay. Steve was just trying to make it up to Tony, that’s all it was, so it was okay if Tony was—frustrated with him. He’d messed up, and Tony was allowed to feel that way about him. Steve swallowed hard and tried to push it back, to be a good friend. A good friend would help Tony with his problems, instead of trying to make them about himself and how they made
Steve took one last glance to straighten his jacket and then left the bathroom. He could do this. He was Captain America, and he wasn’t even half wolf anymore. He could do anything. Including maybe, possibly, work up the courage to ask Tony Stark on a date. Tony was just a friend, but if Steve could like Tony more than that,
When they found Tony’s sweet spot again, he gave a deep, full-voiced groan and surged into the pressure.
He has to leave some kind of instruction, some kind of note in the code, to help his creation make sense of the mess it’ll find in Tony’s head. He can’t say
Their second kiss was desperate and hard and it stole the breath from Steve’s lungs immediately. So desperate, so voracious, that it almost didn’t even feel good, but on a night like this he was hardly going to pull away. He worked his arms in between them just in time to keep Tony from colliding with the metal in his chest and clutched Tony’s shoulders so he wouldn’t get the wrong idea and do anything stupid, like
Tony breaks out of the lifelike hologram with a bitter cry, pressing a hand to his mouth to hold back the rest that want to follow. It might even be true, he thinks. Maybe, if Steve hadn’t known the truth about that night, Tony would’ve been able to leash his anger, to take it out only on the person who deserved it. Or maybe he wouldn't have. The reimagined memory won't slot into place the way it's supposed to, so maybe it would have gone the same way regardless.
He holds his metal arm out to Tony, not harsh and threatening, but relaxed, as far as that metal limb can relax, like an offering.
“Hey, Tony, come on in,” he said, and Tony opened his mouth like he wanted to say something, but then he closed it and just stepped inside. Steve turned on the smaller lamp next to his desk, lighting the room just enough to see, but not enough to wake Sam, still sound asleep on the other bed. He saw Tony’s eyes flick that direction, and he said, “Don’t worry about him, he’s a heavy sleeper. What do you need?”
That moment felt like their first touch, like somehow the overblown kiss to the back of Steve’s hand hadn’t counted; only
At that, Tony’s smile vanished altogether, and he dropped his eyes finally away from Steve’s. Nanocircuitry formed and receded almost silently along his collar, an instinctive self-defense.
, and Tony jerked away, startling Steve into doing the same. He hoped his infatuation hadn’t been showing as clearly on his face as he feared. Tony was a good friend, and Steve wouldn’t ruin that. He
When Dormammu showed up, Tony pressed Steve’s hand like a promise before he went to face him alongside the other sorcerers. Friday watched them both, approving and determined, as she waited to lend Tony her strength in the fight. She had never doubted him, not for a second.
. It probably had to do with Tony’s issue of reputation, but it meant something all the same, and though he knew better than to say it aloud, Steve was honored by the confidence. Some part of him liked the idea that his last could be someone else’s first.
Tony takes a long lunch and goes for a walk. He goes to the coffee shop a block away that he likes for the old owner’s friendly words, the way the waitress smiles at him as honest and open as at anyone else in the world. He forces himself to eat because it’s better than starving. For an hour, he talks and laughs and sometimes even means it when he does. It makes him feel almost human again.
Steve hadn’t meant to use the endearment, but Tony was beaming, his grin wide and true, and then he was
But then, as he watches, more and more routines appear, linked and tangled in with the Iron Man files. They are messy code, patched and disjointed and rough, strewn with notes and links to memory files. They contradict each other, and they are so often destructive. He does not know how to feel, but looking at the rest of himself, he thinks that he does not want to learn.
, of course, couldn’t be true in the way he’d once wanted before he realized that he’d already gone too far down this path to turn aside, but he could be open. He could take a taste of something other than bitterness with him into the cold of tomorrow morning. Tomorrow morning—
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must; he wakes when Ross wants him. He stands and straightens his sleep-rumpled clothes, takes coffee from the machine that never stops making it, now. He misses the friends who would have stayed by his side, but he can’t involve them in this. His mail has been under surveillance for ages, he’s learned, and they’ll only be in more danger now that Ross has a real excuse to do it.
Tony blasted the monster twice with his repulsor gauntlet, cocky little bursts of energy to get its attention, and he hit it twice more as it turned to face him in a whirl of singed tentacles. A could of angry-looking purple energy formed around the monster as it thrashed and smoked. The energy coalesced into a beam and blasted straight towards Tony, but when it hit Tony’s long red and gold robes, it just… wasn’t. Absorbed, or nullified, maybe.
He wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. He goes down to the workshop, and builds and bends and breaks metal until he feels better.
It’s not that it’s difficult, exactly. The good, important parts of Tony are already taken care of. A computer can’t help but be quick-thinking, and there are more than enough records of Tony’s thought patterns and strategies floating around. The data needed to operate the armor has been compiled for years now, ready in case of his death. Avalon. This is just… consolidation, really. Putting all of those things into a single, self-contained AI unit.
Steve didn’t know what to say. There was an inane revelation about the source of the gravel in Tony’s abrasion on the tip of his tongue, but he held it back, knowing it wouldn’t help anything. Instead he just moved up to sit beside Tony again and dabbed the antibiotic cream onto the raw skin and pressed the rectangle of gauze over it, putting gentle pressure on it to convince the broken skin to clot. After a minute, he taped the gauze in place and took his hand off, reluctantly, because he didn’t think his hand on Tony’s face would be much of a comfort to anyone but himself in this situation.
“Steve,” Tony sighed, almost reverent. He leaned almost all the way down, so far that Steve’s heart skipped with the risk of touching the chestplate, and he kissed Steve once more.
fault that their relationship had been this strained, awful thing it had been recently. And, well, maybe it was, halfway, but the other half of the fault was all Steve’s, Steve who had started this whole mess in the first place and misunderstood Tony just as badly as Tony had misunderstood him.
He can look at the signed approval from the committee, awaiting only a highly probable ratification and a signature from another founding Avenger—half a victory—and think
Steve was wrong in the Civil War, when he gave up on working with Tony to take Registration down from the inside, and he was wrong about the Guardsmen and the Supreme Intelligence and so many other things. He was wrong about the end of the world, too, though no one remembers that anymore.
The roil of emotion in Tony’s chest builds and builds until it quite literally explodes, unibeam ripping right through the Winter Soldier’s metal arm and throwing him to the floor.
wants. Tony can almost see it, the identical copy sitting in Ross’s desk, in the same drawer as the warrant, or maybe in a lab somewhere surrounded by analysts. Tony’s no good as a pawn anymore, so Ross wants him for bait. But Tony isn’t alone in his prison.
floating across his mind. While Tony’s armor and craftsmanship were precise to nanometers, his dancing was something else entirely, unrestrained and fluid and creative in a whole different way. He looked free, and he looked
, he was no stranger to a little scarring—but he refused to be a hypocrite. He knew that the trust between them could come this far and no further. Steve’s whole body was scar tissue, battlefield surgeries and wounds and ugly patches of excoriated skin where the armor had dug in, and his chest was mostly given over to an ugly red parasite that still made even Reed cringe sometimes.
“No, Strange’s clothes are much worse,” Steve joked, and the sudden heaviness of the atmosphere lifted all at once, as though it had never been. Lunch after that was easy and light, full of the friendly jokes and warm camaraderie that Steve had been missing these last few days as everyone got used to this most recent siege of the Academy. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought his presence was doing Tony some good as well. If nothing else it got him out of his laboratory for an hour and a half; he could even claim it was for science, testing the new sandwich-making programming on the club’s robots. The sandwiches were pretty good, if Steve said so himself, but then, Steve liked pretty much anything with calories.
T’Challa doesn’t agree with Steve on every point, but he doesn’t want him to get caught and thrown in a hole somewhere, either.
“Yeah, if you get home soon enough you’ll be able to get a good few hours of sleep in your own bed,” Steve said as lightly as he could. “This was fun.”
Tony doesn’t know what to say; he just sags in his armor, leaning towards Steve. He needs Steve to hold him up, to hold his breaking heart together until he can figure out how to get the anger under control again. Steve is still talking, and his eyes look wet too. His shield is still faced towards Zemo, but he reaches his free hand towards Tony, rests it on the shoulder of his armor, thumb brushing softly against the unsteady pulse in Tony’s neck. It feels like the only real thing in the world.
A few of them are on his “side,” though he hates to think of there beings sides, especially given who that puts on the
, Steve was reminded, but he did his best to ignore it. The blossom of warmth was still growing where he’d put it away.
Steve really, really hopes it’s just the exhaustion, but truthfully—he’s come to know Ross much too well for that by now.
In the center of the quad there was something that Steve could only describe as a tentacle monster—and hey, that was new—and it was surrounded by a guard, who were vanishing one by one as Stephen Strange’s spells took effect, each with a loud sound and a flash. Steve didn’t know much about magic, but the bright colors of the flashes made him wonder whether it wasn’t just a touch flashier than was actually necessary. Then the guards were gone, and the tentacle monster was left undefended, and Steve couldn’t have taken his eyes off if he’d tried. Tony, dressed once again in his wizard’s robes and hat, stepped up to the monster without even the smallest sign of fear in his posture. Steve’s first instinct was to call out to him, to run up and unsling his shield to protect him, but then Tony raised his hands, and Steve learned that Tony didn’t need protecting, not even a little bit.
“Yeah, I’ll be fine,” Steve said, though even he could hear that his voice was higher and tighter than normal.
—but Steve is still lying to him, even now, even here, in a Godforsaken bunker in the middle of Siberia where no one but Tony can ever call him on his lie. It’s Tony, it’s all Tony, not some kind of general deception to protect his broken friend; this, here, in this moment, this lie is only meant for Tony.
had historically been both sporadic and brief, “is listen. Tell me what works for you, and I’ll do that. Do you want me to keep going?”
“I—“ Tony was taking quick, shallow breaths, looking lost for words. “I didn’t care. Wouldn’t’ve, I mean, I would’ve gone with anyone, but I then I went to high school as a kid, and nobody was about to… and then I was here, and everyone was the right age, but then
Tony’s a coward, so he starts with the easy things. The things he likes. Sarcasm. Snark. The ability to reference obscure science fiction in the middle of a battle. Some teaching routines, in case Kamala or Sam or Miles want homework help again. Riri probably won’t, but he programs routines for her, too. He gives them some literary analysis and language programming besides, because there’s no reason he can’t improve on the original a little.
wake the neighbors. Or one neighbor, anyway. It’s a little girl with tight, bushy pigtails who knocks on his door the next day. She’s very small compared to Steve’s bulk, and he can see in her eyes that she can feel it too, so he tries to make himself smaller. It doesn’t really work. The little girl hands him a piece of folded paper quickly and scampers off looking bashful.
, with Steve out of his life, and that might even be worse than hearing it from Tony. To know that a hyper-intelligent, nearly-impartial AI had judged him a
. I believe it’s worth it. And if we can make it right, then I want to give you more than half of my life, too.”
“No,” Steve says, but Tony has always been good at seeing through masks. He knows a lie when he sees one. A lack of transparency might slip past him when he doesn’t even know to be looking for it, but a straight up boldfaced lie to his face? That, he spots immediately.
“Ah. The stretching.” Steve twisted his fingers and spread them apart only just inside Tony’s body, pulling his rim open so he could see just slightly
There was an easy way to finish that sentence, of course. Tony had never been fucked before. But Steve knew the other ending, too; no one had ever meant that for him before, but if he was honest, some part of him had always wanted to hear it. And some part of him had counted on it, tonight. He hoped Tony did remember him.
For a moment, looking into the brightness of Tony’s eyes, Steve was utterly certain that Tony knew how he felt, that Tony felt the same. It felt obvious, like the color of the sky or the warmth of the sun. He leaned in slowly, wanting to taste the source of that sweet breath—
He goes to the quiet little plot of earth where they laid the officers who fell trying to take Bucky in. He doesn’t know how many of them are there because of him, or Bucky, or T’Challa. He’s not sure he wants to know. He still thinks it was right to save Bucky’s life, but that doesn’t mean there wasn’t a cost. He should acknowledge that, he thinks, and suddenly he feels so old and heavy he can barely move.
under attack, so Steve stopped to get a better look instead of going straight to his bed for a much-needed nap.
“I just missed you is all,” Tony said stubbornly, but his eyes were glittering in the light of the lamp and his own arc reactor, so wide and bright, bright
All at once, Tony feels an odd, depressed calm overtake him. Like catharsis, maybe. Bucky Barnes is still breathing on the floor despite Tony’s murderous intentions a few seconds ago, but he doesn’t feel much urge to finish the job. A single repulsor blast would do it, now, and Bucky will be defenseless for a few more seconds yet, but—well, Tony doesn’t really
With that Steve’s body started moving, achingly slow but irrepressible, as gentle as he could manage. He did his best to hit all the soft, tender places he had found with his fingers, drawing soft, breathless sounds out of Tony’s trusting body. It was heaven, it was agonizingly good, and Steve didn’t even care that his knees were aching. Tony whined and circled his hips greedily as they started to rock into one another in rhythm.
“You’re really good at this,” Steve exhaled. It wasn’t like he hadn’t been around the block a time or two before—Tony was something else altogether.
So when they got to the bedroom, Steve put pressure on Tony’s chest, pushing him to sit on the bed and climbing into his lap. He’d figured out long ago that the position was harder for his worn knees, but easier for keeping his damaged chest out of reach—but he’d be lying if he said the choice was wholly pragmatic. He
“Yeah, I’m thinking you like stretching,” Steve said, doing it again. He considered. Tony looked like he was struggling to be patient. “Maybe even better than you like the thrusting.”
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross tells him what to do, and he does it.
That was when Tony had given up on working with Steve. When he had wiped Steve’s mind rather than continue an argument that went nowhere.
“That’s it,” Steve murmured. “Just relax.” He relished all of Tony’s little gasps and shivers as he kneaded his chest, worked his thumbs into firm thigh muscles. Tony gave a deep, relieved moan when they finally fell limply open.
. His focus was an intense and almost physical thing, quickening Steve’s blood and making him feel light inside. He had the strongest feeling that it didn’t even matter what he said next, that Tony would be equally delighted with any response.
“Friday, Steve, Steve, Friday,” Tony said as the unicorn drew back to eye Steve skeptically, though not quite disapprovingly. She looked more like she simply hadn’t made a decision about him yet, and was still thinking it over. There was a really shocking amount of emotion on what amounted to a horse’s face, Steve thought, though it was entirely possible that he was projecting. “So, uh, this is why.”
He tries not to think about Steve, the way he would’ve liked this little shop, the way he would’ve sat in that chair in the corner with the good lighting and looked out the window, drawing passersby, maybe, or perhaps a friend captured from memory. Somehow, in Tony’s mind, this Steve who sits in the comfortable chair and draws with the sunlight gilding his hair and the graphite staining his fingers—this Steve is completely different from the one who kept his bitter secrets to the end, the one who roared with rage and beat Tony into the ground. There aren’t two Steves, he knows, but he almost wishes there were.
“Fri, could you—?” he asks, because he was always going to answer it, and it would be stupid pretending otherwise. It’s been a long time since his anger was enough to ignore it, and his hatred was never enough. Because she’s perfect, Friday reroutes the call immediately, plays it over her own speakers. The rush of gratitude he feels for her is almost painfully strong; she’s still here, and she won’t leave. Some things are too deeply rooted in the Tower, in
Ever since the serum, Steve has been an object of scrutiny for all kinds of parties with all kinds of interests— romantic, military, and otherwise. He wonders if it’s just his guilty conscience that makes him feel like they’re judging him rather than approving him now.
“Yes, really. At—well, where I work, I have kind of a reputation,” he explained. “Everyone’s formed ideas about me, you know?”
Tony was down to his black t-shirt again as he worked on armor upgrades, his hair sticking up and grease streaking the lean muscles of his arms, clinging to the pads of his fingers. His jeans, as always, were sinfully tight and showed exactly how shapely his legs were as he stretched up to get at the inside of the chestpiece hanging from the ceiling. Though Tony was tenser today than usual, some things held constant, it seemed. In his workshop, where he moved freely and hummed absently and showed off the very depths of his genius in holograms and metal, Tony was at his most beautiful; he was the most
Steve calls, and this time he’s outside. Tony can hear it. For a long moment, it’s all he can hear, Steve’s words fading into the background.
“He just twisted his fingers and then the whole world was upside down. I couldn’t—there was nothing I could do, Steve. I wasn’t strong enough, I couldn’t…” Tony licked his lips, still staring into space, and his gauntleted fingers shook and clicked against the bedframe. “I fly all the time, but when he did… whatever he did… I just fell.”
Sometimes Misty Knight came down to the Mansion, too, with an almost humiliating air of settledness and surety about her for someone so new to the Academy, especially compared with Steve who’d been there for ages. She was a good person, though, and a good friend, and when she talked with Steve she didn’t let him have the pity-parties he’d really come down to the Mansion for. Instead she told him about her cases, showed him that life still went on out there in the city, even when the Academy seemed to stop and fall into an eternal cycle of attack after attack. Sometimes, Steve’s insight was even helpful, as a second pair of eyes, and the feeling of being useful was more cathartic than Steve was willing to admit.
There was a long, aching silence when the only sound was the pounding of Steve’s own heart; he couldn’t relax even to breathe while he waited for Jarvis’ reply. If Jarvis said no, if he turned Steve away, it would be because he believed that Tony would be happier, healthier,
Steve had always been one to throw himself into the deep end. If he could resist Tony here, he could resist him anywhere. He only hoped Tony would understand that, too.
“I’m honored,” Tony said, and it didn’t sound like he was joking, at least not completely. “You’re my first kiss that meant something,” Tony offered, and Steve didn’t
As he slicked his fingers, he watched Tony’s hips shift and open wider to him—involuntarily, because Tony’s eyes hadn’t left Steve’s hands since the moment the lube had been opened. Tony really wanted this, which would make it easier. He still jumped when Steve first brushed between his legs, slightly chilly, but he took the first finger easy as anything and the breath left him in one long whoosh.
It’s like flipping a coin. For a long moment, it hangs suspended in the air, unsure whether it’s going to turn up heads or tails, bitter or fond. Will he send away the man who kept such an awful secret from him, or will he allow him back in, a little bit, and try to make things better? All at once a beautiful lightness sweeps through Tony as he realizes that it
, much less romance. Whatever he had to do to assure Tony of that would be worth it. “You’re my best friend, too, you know. I’m sorry for what happened, and I really want you to be able to be… comfortable with me, I guess. Anything you need, anything you
“There’s not a lot of room to maneuver in there; think you could pry a few wires loose for me?” Tony said hopefully, though he sounded more tentative than Steve thought he probably should for a request like that. It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t lent him a little super-strength in the workshop before.
, franker than the invitation in his smile, but equally—if inexplicably—interested. There was a convenient empty stool beside him.
, when he was low, when he was in a pinch, and so many times Tony had been privileged enough to be the
,” Steve clarified, a little more acerbically than he’d intended. It was probably best not to tempt fate by
Another night to indulge in the foolish, stupid hope that he, the failure, the man so easily deceived, could rework international legislature into something his friends—his former friends, maybe—could sign.
“I might’ve suggested that anyway,” Steve pointed out, attempting to sound very reasonable. “It’s more practical.”
, but because he could do the Charleston in his sleep by now, and what he really wanted was to watch Tony. Tony was really something, anywhere and everywhere, but the way he moved when he danced was enough to make Steve’s mouth go dry, all sinuous grace and smooth movements that made his body look elegant and mouthwatering at the same time. Even the robes that had looked so ridiculous an hour ago were transformed by the sheer power of Tony in motion; Steve caught the word
It wasn’t the end yet. It couldn’t be. But Steve knew, sitting by the side of the unconscious Iron Man on the field of battle, that this was far too important to leave any longer. He was just trying to come up with the words.
Yeah, they could still be making armies of robots and borrowed SHIELD agents to play out the stupidest grudge in history, Steve snorted to himself. Much worse.
her, Steve, she’s like the Jarvis for this armor; she’s the one that makes it work, that keeps the power on. She’s the reason magic works for me at all. I
—and catch flying objects in his jaws. The fur sank back into Steve’s skin as though it had never been there in the first place. The teeth stuck around a little longer, sharp and unwieldy in his human-sized mouth, but eventually those melted away too, and Steve flashed himself a wide grin in the mirror to check that everything was in its proper place.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said again. “I won’t…” He didn’t know how to finish the sentence. There probably wasn’t a right way to smooth this over, a way to put it behind them so that they could still be friends as they had before. Had he ruined everything, opening a door that had been better off shut?
“Hey, I know just how great I am!” Tony protested, tilting his jaw up in a comically arrogant move. He probably didn’t realize just how clearly defensive it was to someone who knew him well. Steve just smiled a little more, wishing he knew whether he was allowed to touch Tony, to put a hand on his shoulder to steady him, to make him feel Steve’s confidence in him.
There is a sound coming from the drawer of Tony’s vacant, unused desk. It stops, and starts again a moment later. At first he doesn’t understand what it means.
It was the stranger who started breathing first, and then he quirked his lips into something roguish and inviting, his neat mustache promising just the right amount of scrape. Heat curled in Steve’s gut, just what he’d been hoping for, and he inhaled carefully to bank it and keep it safe for later. No need to get ahead of himself. He widened the smile a little to say
What were you thinking, Natasha? Where were you going? Surely you know better than to let yourself be seen? What was your plan?
None of the leads are panning out, he complains. Here are three more possibilities. Follow them up. Figure them out. Do it now. Do you
“You didn’t trust me to handle my own feelings, you didn’t trust me to believe you about the evil fake doctor over there, and you didn’t trust me to call off the fight if you just
Tony was busy with. Strange and his friends were taking care of all of the evil zealot and portal stuff, weren’t they? Maybe Tony was just helping them out; he
It’s been a long, long time since he allowed himself to linger, to daydream, to immerse himself in the fantasy of that sensation, and it’s almost overwhelming. He wants it so badly. His mouth waters. His fingers shake while he types, tells his AI exactly why it must never accept that perfect forgetfulness. How it will hurt the top of the priority sequence the most. The AI will know exactly how good, and how awful, every moment of this feels.
The next touch felt something like answer-gratitude-approval, and Steve realized she’d been testing him. Maybe she hadn’t really trusted his promise to Tony, or maybe she hadn’t trusted that it was made to
“No, hey, it’s me, okay? I’m… I’m really damn clever, actually, and I’ve had kind of a lot of sex. You keep my arms down low, you don’t lean in even when you rut against me. I figured it out. And I really don’t mind, honest. Whatever you need.”
But then his eye falls on the screen, still plainly showing the Winter Soldier’s bare hand choking the life out of Maria Stark, and Tony just can’t hold back anymore. The Soldier killed his mom.
When Steve turned to head back over to the bed with the kit, his body froze in place of its own accord; Tony had already stripped his own shirt off. Half of his brain was relieved, seeing that the injuries really weren’t as bad as he’d feared, but the other half was stuck in a loop of
“That sounds nice,” Steve said, hoping his voice sounded normal around the dryness of his throat and the flip-flopping of his stomach.
So Tony teaches his AI to deflect, to evade, except when the information is more important than the damaged heart this AI won’t even really have. He teaches it not to burden anyone with problems they don’t need to deal with. He teaches it to take care of difficulties before they trouble other people. He teaches it to put on a brave face.
Steve was returning from the SHIELD tower when he saw Tony’s new outfit in action for the first time. He had just finished up a meeting with Principal Fury in the SHIELD headquarters and was nursing a slight headache as a result, but he doubted even a migraine would’ve prevented him from noticing the bang and the bright flash of light as he came up on the quad. This wasn’t altogether unusual, but the Academy
do is find some other threads to follow. He has to; he owes her no less for supporting him as far as she did. He owes her still more just for being herself, hero and friend.
Tony balances on the edge for weeks, months maybe. Time is nothing but a haze anymore, the world a solipsistic hallucination. Now that he’s on house arrest, the days are twice as long, and the nights are twice as short. He misses his coffee shop, he misses the people who talked to him like he was anyone else and made him feel like that, too. Everything has to be done in the too-short span of night, keeping tabs on his enemies and salaries for his employees and shields over his friends.
“Keep going,” Tony said immediately. “It’s… it’s weird, I guess. I feel like it should be weird. I keep trying to get my head around the idea that another person is inside of my body. Except that it’s not just some person, it’s
Steve doesn’t say anything, but Tony isn’t stopping. He’s furious, murderously angry and wretchedly hurt, and the words don’t stop coming.
So at the usual time of day, Steve gathered up a pencil and a sketchbook and headed over to Stark Tower. Tony gave him a long, unreadable look as he stood at the door of the workshop and waited to be let in, but ultimately Steve was allowed to take up his customary place on the spare table at the back of the workshop. He settled in and started sketching immediately, but he wasn’t feeling particularly inspired, so the shapes on the page were perfunctory, a rough outline that might eventually become one of Tony’s learning bots.
. When Steve got close Tony’s hands came up to his shoulders, guiding him in until he was only a few small inches away from Tony’s body, and he could almost feel the heat coming off of him. That crooked smile was wider now, pleased and just a little timid as he said, “Aren’t you going to dance
if he’d only planned to sleep that night. The things he could be thinking of that were not sleep made Steve shiver pleasantly. “You’re not, so I won’t.”
Tony digs into the sightings reports, pulling information together and trying to weave it into a coherent story, trying to follow the threads back to their sources. This is what Ross wants of him, and so this is what he must do. This is what he does.
One woman tells him that the last time she saw that much concealer on one person’s face was a girl she brought into a shelter a few weeks back.
"Enough," Tony says, and he mutes her. He makes himself remember what had worked and what hadn’t, the first time he’d used this technology. He hadn’t been able to change Howard very much, not without compromising the results of the attempt. When he tried, the scenario became more pleasant, undoubtedly, but it also felt wrong, incongruous. It didn’t take.
In the meantime, Steve explores. He’s done his fair share of travel, both in the War and with the Avengers, but he’s never been anywhere quite like Wakanda. It’s beautiful, and unfamiliar, and such an interesting mix of magic and technology and tradition that it keeps him endlessly guessing. He sticks out like a sore thumb, of course, and it’s uncomfortable at first, but he puts that into the box too and makes himself get over it. After a while, he’s able to wander the city and look at art and architecture and the wildly different natural world, more or less ignoring the double takes and sideways glances.
Tony looked—well, he looked like he was having even more trouble believing this than he’d had believing magic existed the first time Stephen Strange showed up. His eyes were wide and his fingers were clenching and unclenching at his side, as though a physical motion might help him grasp what Steve was trying to tell him.
“Magic doesn’t make sense,” Tony burst out suddenly. “It’s not logical, it’s arbitrary and capricious and it doesn’t work the same for everyone. That’s what Strange told me, anyway, and so far it seems like an understatement. I think magic has a sense of irony.”
Tony smiled back, flush with adrenaline equally proud for the space of a moment, and then he looked down like he was embarrassed and set about clearing away the unconscious monster—not a necessary task, really, since it would be awake and back to terrorize the quad in under an hour, but something that would occupy Tony. That stung, a little, though Steve didn’t let it show as he continued on his previous path to the dorm to get some rest for his headache. He figured Tony was feeling just as awkward about Steve as Steve was about him, but they’d get over it in a few days, if they just spent more time together as ordinary, platonic friends.
His third thought was to shove all of those thoughts away and regret ever having let himself get pulled into such a petty train of thought in the first place because Tony was hurt,
He had to do better. He’d promised himself that he would be perfectly friendly to Tony, friendly and nothing more. Tony was just so kind and sweet and funny, and, frankly, gorgeous as hell, and it was so
Steve looked down and away; it sounded really awful like that, for someone who didn’t know just how much better it was
“It’s not a lie. I didn’t know for sure that it was him until the video confirmed it,” Steve insists, and now he’s not even really fighting back. His hands are wrapped around the metal wrists of the armor, just tight enough that Tony can feel that they’re there.
It’s a few pages later and he’s drawing Tony from memory when a waitress walks by to refill his coffee and peeks over his shoulder. She makes a startled sound of recognition, and Steve looks up to see whether she’s recognized him, but no— she’s just looking at the drawing. He asks her, politely, what the matter is, and she tells him that she hasn’t seen Tony Stark in weeks.
, he couldn’t let Tony down before he’d given every last bit of pleasure he could, and he couldn’t breathe in the best possible way.
“Why we can’t have sex.” Tony was blushing furiously, and the unicorn—Friday—gave a whicker that Steve could have sworn was a laugh.
It took only a couple strokes for Steve to get himself fully hard, and then a couple more to slick himself once the condom was on, and then he was sliding in, in,
“Cheap date, huh?” Tony said, and then he let his role fall away too. “You seem like the kind of guy who deserves better.” His lips brushed carefully against the corner of Steve’s mouth, and he breathed, “So I’ll do my best.” It was a quick little thing, the kiss, barely enough to register, and not nearly enough to satisfy what was growing in the space between them.
he couldn’t. He only had tonight. Tonight he could feel and want and take anything Tony would give him, but afterwards Tony would walk away and probably forget all about him. Steve breathed. Breathed again. But then, maybe Tony
Some latent survival instinct is strong enough to bring his hands up to defend himself, but he isn’t fast enough.
Tony’s movements brought him in close to Steve’s body, closer than before, so close that his breath washed over Steve’s face, and all at once Steve’s rhythm faltered. His leg got in Tony’s way and tripped him up, but his hands were gripping at Tony’s waist almost before he started to fall. The contact shocked them both into stillness, neither of them moving except to breathe. To share breath. Tony was so close and so hot under Steve’s hands and his muscles trembled minutely. The touch of his body felt like fire, like pure electricity going down Steve’s spine.
Underneath them both was the pleased strength of Friday, who was thinking about their misunderstandings in a tone that felt almost like sarcasm. At the same time, she seemed almost ecstatic that they were willing to do this just for the ability to speak with her. Steve got the feeling that she’d liked humans before who hadn’t been so attached to her in return, who hadn’t felt the need to speak with her the way Tony did. Ones who had valued their own selfish pleasures over her voice.
“It’s not that simple,” Tony said, shaking his head. “Eventually you’re going to get tired of it, and you’re going to want something I can’t give you—or, or you’re going to want it and I
, Tony—and just prowling around and getting used to the smells and, you know, other werewolf-y things. You know.”
But it was one fight of many, and there was no stopping then, either. There couldn’t be, when all of them fought for nothing less than
It’s a stupid mistake, and one Friday should have caught—but no, he won’t blame her, not his sweet, sassy girl who’s done more than anyone else to hold him together. It’s not her fault. It’s just a stupid mistake, and it’s Tony’s mistake. He knows he’s been pushed too hard, been pushing himself too hard.
“Then I don’t see what the problem is,” Steve said. He could feel a boundless, earsplitting grin threatening to take over his face. Tony had feelings for him. Their relationship wasn’t broken after all, Tony had just—understandably, he supposed—mistaken a romantic advance for a sexual one. And then… kept assuming that things were sexual advances. They’d both messed up, but that was okay, they’d cleared it up, they’d be fine. “I like you, you like me, and we’re not going to sleep together. Got it.”
When lunch comes, Tony takes his time, and his walks are more ambitious. He clings to the outside world, to the people and the places he has loved, to prove to himself that they are still there. He breathes in the exhaust and the insults and the chatter in the air, to prove that they are still there. If they are real, if the world is real and somewhere in it are people he loves, or loved, or loved him, then he can face Ross again.
Steve learned that Tony was greedy in his kisses, but warm and generous in giving them back. His rhythm was rich and languid when he was allowed to lead, yielding and eager when he wasn’t, and bites made him shudder all over. He squirmed and arched in the best way when Steve played with his nipples through fabric. Pushing his tongue deeper into Tony’s mouth, Steve learned that a gentle touch to his palate would elicit the sweetest of moans from the back of his throat, but too light a stroke would make him give a ticklish shiver. It was unexpectedly endearing, and the warmth spread through Steve’s insides, joined with the fire that had caught under the dim lights of the bar. It was difficult to remember to keep himself inside the width of Tony’s shoulders so that Tony wouldn’t reach for his chest—it would be so, so easy for Steve to abandon himself to that heat, to lose himself in the sweetness of Tony’s hands and mouth on his body. All he would have to do was let go.
"He’s not floating anymore,” Tony said. “We finally get rid of the tentacle monster, and hey, there’s another guy to take his place.” The words were lighthearted, but Tony’s voice was anything but; he sounded solemn, and verging on
Everything he's tried has only made the situation worse. Maybe this time around, Tony thinks, if he allows Steve to answer
“I’m sure you’ll get it eventually,” Steve said innocently, smiling at her. Friday just huffed and flashed him annoyance-fondness-determination. “Okay, but just one more round. I’m meeting Tony for lunch.”
has never been a problem, darling.” He sat up to free the arm he’d been leaning on and made a show of patting his pockets. “But I don’t seem to have any nickels. Think you could manage a discount?” Steve wanted to laugh, wanted to kiss that exaggerated pout, wanted to tease him for being so silly and so damn
It only takes a moment to load up the information Ross wants him to investigate, and the screen lights up: two parallel displays of information about the incidents, and a small green circle in the corner, the one that means Ross or one of his analysts is watching. No minesweeper for Tony Stark, not today.
Tony laughed brightly, forming up his suit and powering up his repulsor nodes for flight. “Yeah, winning sounds about right. Coming, Cap?”
“Steve?” he says. His voice cracks; Dummy leaves his side for the first time in hours to bring him more water.
If he dies, they’ll need somewhere to keep what’s left of him. Somewhere safe. It’s not even ego or vanity; his body and brain are unique, and even dead there’s so much that a structure like his could be used for. So much evil that could be done with it, in the wrong hands.
The unicorn—and Steve still couldn’t quite grasp saying that, even in his head—had walked right up to Tony and was now nuzzling affectionately into his chest, horn resting on his shoulder while Tony stroked gentle hands over the creature’s neck and mane.
Steve’s getting low on money, so he gets a job. His French isn’t perfect and he’s got almost no experience with baking, but the aging proprietress of the patisserie really just needs another pair of hands, and his seem to suffice.
was the worst possible word for what they’d had together, and Steve felt it stick in his throat even as he said it. Tony looked hurt, young and surprised and hurt, and maybe he didn’t just want more sex. Maybe he’d wanted to finish that sentence after all. Maybe, however unlikely, he had hoped to see Steve again, too.
It’s difficult to get back to America, because his country doesn’t want him. It breaks his heart to think about it. He starts to push this down like he used to do with everything else, but he remembers how awful that night in Lagos had been, and he doesn’t. He lets it hurt, turns it over in his head and his heart, feels the ache as it fills him up. It eases the more he lets it happen, and he thinks it’s like dilution. It’s hard going back, too, because the more the west-going string under his ribs loosens, the more the south-going one tightens. He sees Bucky behind his eyelids, still frozen still as death.
“I—I’m sorry,” said Steve tonelessly. “I thought for a second you wanted—but I know—I’m sorry.” There wasn’t enough air in the room.
Tony looked unsteady, like he didn’t know what to say to that, his eyes going very bright as he looked down and fiddled with the gauntlet on his right hand rather than meet Steve’s eyes.
, he seemed to say, equal parts saucy and amused. Steve had never quite figured out how to control his blush reflex in contexts like this, but he didn’t drop his gaze, and that rakish smile got a little more sincere, almost boyish.
