"Hey, you still with me?" Dean spoke into his ear, he didn't say it loudly but it was enough to jolt Cas. He opens his eyes slightly and closes them again, but he lets him know he's conscious with a grunt. Dean smiles at his child like demeanor even through his shrouded worry. He couldn't even fathom what was happening to him, but it didn't mean he wasn't trying.
It feels like he's reemerging, breaking, maybe even being glued together.
“When is anything easy honestly?”
"Crowley, I know it's just a hunch...but I know. I just know that you were the one who gave me that name and I've been trying to grasp over the fact of whether I had seen you somewhere else before, and I know that I have... I don't want to...damn it!" Sam fisted through the air helplessly and slides down with his head in his hands. He tries hiding his face and Crowley feels moved by his innocent yet terrifying display.
Until, it doesn’t
“I’m not-” he hears a strange rattling on the other end, most probably Sam placing one end of the phone on his forehead out of frustration, he had a habit of doing that “Just…come home. Now. I don’t want to delay this any longer”
the supplies seemed endless. Sam made sure not to take a lot, especially not the canned pasta, he knew Dean would curse him from the ends of the earth if he took the pasta. He smiles at his brother's childish antics as he slowly closed his bag; he dragged his hand over the closed zip and checks his pockets for his pistol bullets and an extra pair of silver ones as well, he needed to be well prepared for his endeavors after all. He picked up his bag of weapons and food and he made his way through the cabin, he looks at Dean's snoring form on the floor with his body stretched about, he hated the fact that he refused to sleep on the mattress and allowed him that minute luxury, why does he always have to act like an older brother? He of all people deserves to be selfish once in a while-Sam grumbles under his breath.
He watches the both of you in a distinct way, his lips slightly parted as he releases you into the room.
"What the hell?" Dean speaks apprehensively as his head bolted upwards, he reacts swiftly and wraps Sam's arm around his neck while Castiel continues to muffle something with tears streaming down his dusty cheeks.
But alas, there it was.
I pause this time
“Maybe we should’ve come out earlier…it’s gonna take us a while to go back from here and…”
“Oh. Well that’s good”
Dean clicked his tongue as his head continued to pound by the sudden rage building up inside, he nodded and started walking towards his right. Castiel didn’t move for several seconds before he realized the widening distance between them. He held his grey denim jacket close to his body and kept his hand over his chest for some time, he felt a strange cold feeling erupt in his chest and he wanted it to go away somehow. He huddled close behind Dean, he saw him crouch behind one of the broken walls of a local juice shop and Castiel kept following him with his eyes. Dean looked up at him and sighed in response. He shook his head in disappointment and walked over to Castiel and spoke so softly that he had to get in closer to understand.
You just have to
Castiel doesn't see it though
“Because!-”
The world feels like an empty chasm to Dean, almost balanced and almost about to topple over the edge. It reminds him of the days his father left him alone for his hunts, he watched everyone around him grow older and wiser, some dead-some undead- some bursting with so much life that he couldn’t fathom what he had wanted to feel anymore-no matter how much he wanted it all to stop it only got more complicated. It was endless, and endless-and
There is a sound
“What are you on about Balthazar? Whatever it is I want you to leave me out of it”
“Listen, I don’t want to ramble on- but hear this- hear me out. I… We’re not going to give up. You can prance away from all of this with your hero antics but I want you to know that just because you’ve given up, it doesn’t mean we’ll do the same- hell we won’t. No matter how unfixable you think we are, we’re going to work something out, so of you… if you want to come back, now’s your chance.”
Dean gave off a small laugh as he felt himself burn up internally, he knew exactly what to do.
“Cleanse the evil from within” Dean whispers and sighs at the sight- a strange chill running down your spines as you look at each other cautiously “Well we can scratch out satanic rituals from the mystery” he muses as he steps away slowly, looking all over the wall as he backed off.
Sam and Dean stare at him in shock, it almost amused Castiel making them see him this way- in this demeanor and at his choice of words- because frankly he needed to set things straight with them and if this was the only way they understood- then so be it.
"Dean, I l-"
“C’mon Cas! Who are you fooling?” Dean slides it between Cas’ fingers and smiles at the image in front of them. They’re standing in front of baby; Sam is on the right with a big smile plastered on his face. Dean beams the same way at the front of the impala with his head hung low-Cas stands beside him with his hand sliding through his pocketed arm-he’s smiling too, wider than he’s ever smiled in all the years he’s spent on earth.
He grabbed one end of his jean’s pocket and he dove right in, regretting it even before he said it.
He pulls his thumb out from Castiel's grasp and pushes onto his thumb instead. "One, two, three!" He smirks as he applies some pressure.
You grapple onto the grip and steady your aim- but this time the creature does look back at you- yellow irises and all.
"Yep, but its doable."
“How do we reverse everything that’s happened?” Dean takes a step closer towards Castiel and so does Sam, their fists clenched as the creature turns to look at them both, a menacing smirk appearing at the corner of its distorted lips “You can either tell us now or let my friend here bleed you dry until you talk”
Dean’s head is buzzing from the nightmare, an empty chasm appearing and disappearing from his chest even as the dull daylight is pouring into his skin. He shelters his eyes from the light and walks in a brisk motion towards the campfire. Stones of various shapes were placed around it and a large one beckons him to sit, it was closest to the crock pot that steamed away in the middle.
Castiel twists its insides even more; their screams dull as it rubs its face upon the ground
Dean pouts as he keeps his brother on speaker and places his phone on the dash board, trying to dry out the wetness in his locks and his clothes “How many times do I gotta tell ya? I went out for a drive”
"I am nothing like you- I can never become-” You breathe heavily upon yourself- so strong that you feel your burns cool from the excessive gasps; you still hold the pistol in your hand- unmoved and unaffected.
Luther stared at Dean and gave him a sarcastic smile as he continued.
He could’ve sworn he had something to do right now…something he was holding onto? But what was it?
“It’s okay Bobby. You know why he…”
- you can’t fool them for much longer- you’re not an angel anymore, well- not entirely-are you?”
The thing was upright, it's body was almost ghost like transparent but still horrifyingly visible as it rose from the black pits of the fire. Its eyes were long and almost too wide for the skull that hovered over the ink like anatomy; it's teeth were protruded from it's wide mouth as if the creature had a permanent deathly smile planted on it's face. It’s horns rose up towards the sky in a swirl like fashion and the edges of it were insanely sharp and disturbing to look at, one of the girls, Hailey perhaps, was hanging off from one of the edges of those horns, only the sharp black bone went through her ribcage and came out from her throat, completely slashing the skin out from her small neck. It stretched out it’s deer like legs as it dragged some of its new victims along with it, they were still shaking and trying to pry themselves free from the creature’s clutches and Luther was within the beast’s vicious grasp. Dean felt his lips break open by the constant biting and he started the ignition without removing his eyes from the monster in front of him.
Dean swallows hard.
Sam turns his head slightly and he notices people and tradesmen looking towards them; Sam assumed that they might know of them and he felt paranoid by their strange stares.
“Wait hold up, just one more thing” Dean waddles slightly as he closes the zipper of his bag and adjusts the holsters wrapped around his waist.
“Now listen here you-” he turns with his clenched fists but calms himself quite immediately. Sam watched him look inside the truck; one of the two had woken up. Castiel’s eyes looked worn out even as he woke up and he rubbed them with the back of his hand, Dean still had his head placed on his shoulder and was happily dozed off, Cas suddenly remembers where he is and looks down at Dean, it was hard to tell what he felt as he looked at him, Sam wondered- but he hesitates moving away from him
He pulls away from Dean’s touch and pushes him down from his chest, Dean’s bewildered eyes stare back at the angel who’s above him with a wounded gaze, Dean feels a lump in his throat as he watches him with a smile, he felt instantly better whenever he looked at Cas but he would never admit that, he knows his eyes could never hide it from him.
Sam poked the tethered threads of his jeans and ran his finger along the thick ruined patterns slowly until he jolted in his spot, he hears someone walk by.
“Those black cloud things left a week or so ago- I found this place after getting separated from my group- essentially I needed shelter and I managed to find this building to hide in until my group came back but I ended up seeing those evil demons that people kept talking about-I honestly think the word demon is an understatement just FYI- and I kept myself hidden since then. I bet they saw me but somehow they didn’t react? They seemed kinda panicky and weird”
Dean stops and coughs his way into another conversation; Sam senses the hesitancy instantly but doesn’t pursue it further.
It wasn't shaped like a cross, it wasn't shaped like any basic tombstone, but it had a unique shape of it's own, with pentagram symbols residing in its side. He continues to drag himself across the ground and finally reaches Castiel. He's still and the smooth sand wasn't pulling him under, Dean couldn't understand how he was doing that but he didn't have time to ask. He faces Castiel, who wasn't even looking at him.
Sam glared at him, he held onto the box with even more force and spoke  “No”.
Sam's eyes were red with all of the rage and confusion building up inside, Crowley held out his hands and spat out his own thoughts "I don't know! It's just some bloody thing that I came up with! What the hell is wrong with you?!" His thick accent echoes in the living room as Sam tries to swallow the excessive bile piling up in his throat, what was happening right now?
“Heh-Don’t tell him that-he is very intuitive than most humans. It’s quite amazing” Castiel hums as he reaches into his pocket and scratches Dean’s little head and he nuzzles and licks his fingertips as a response before meowing and going back to sleep.
They hear small scratching sounds erupt from the door-a small and sad meow follows it right after and the both of them turn at the sound. They laugh in unison, the sound calming the intensity around them a little more “He wants to come in, I bet he didn’t sleep all night” Castiel coos as he looks at Dean with warm eyes “I don’t like how sad his meows become when he feels left out”
Dean is the first to open his eyes, heavy panting and mouth agape he starts to blink and widen his gaze at the sight-something he never thought would happen. Castiel stood tall with his feet firm on the ground, his coat and face miraculously clean and glowing in the already bright stratosphere, he seemed so endless in the space they shared now.
Dammit I did it again.
It stung him the longer he spoke, Castiel didn’t know what else to say really- was this how it was supposed to be? It couldn’t be, right?
He feels the burning sensation from his fingers- his palm remained on the ground and it was emanating the most soothing vibrations- the pebbles shook but even so Castiel knew that what he was doing wasn’t harmful, or so he believed. He winced internally, it was taking a little more effort than his clothes but even so his elation from these abilities is what kept him energetic.
“Castiel!” He bellows into the void, he watches his eyes be enveloped by it too- his outstretched hand couldn’t reach him, no matter how much he tried
“Sam?!” Dean shouts as he places 2 bags of toys and cat food on the floor while Cas carries in a few bags himself with his cat purring with ease in the other, a black collar with a bell dangles on his neck perfectly “I guess he’s not back yet” he grunts and dusts off his hands, Dean turns to Cas who’s lost in thought as he looks at every corner of the room “Feels weird, doesn’t it?”
I cocked my head sideways to see how he was holding up, his breaths were uneven and broken. Damn it I hated seeing him this way. I placed my hand on his shoulder, his eyes followed them as I shook him out of his restless state, he looked up at me and wore the most saddest expression, it felt as if he was burdened.
“Stay with me? Just for this song?”
I remember what happened.
“And I wasn’t in the mood to help out much, in case you were wondering” Crowley interrupts again with the same nasty grin.
“Aah, never mind. If I don’t find your ass towards that hall in 10 minutes” He enunciates by directing his light towards a moldy and algae infected hallway “You know what’ll be coming then.”
“I don’t want to disappoint or anything, but what I saw was literally nothing.”
Sam knew he shouldn’t bother with his personal things but…he couldn’t draw his eyes away from it.
“Winchester, the boss will be delighted to see you” A brisk and douche bag like voice appeared towards his right, Dean panted rapidly as he started to shake himself off from the boney hands that tried to grab him. His captors were clearly annoyed by his constant struggle and one of them landed a big blow to his jaw to settle him down, Dean ended up absorbing the wretched stench of the cloth along with the blood from his mouth. He felt his body be lifted by the back of his tied arms and his feet began to sag along the dusty ground. His head was pounding again by the excessive pressure by the blow; he knew he had no other way of escaping as long as he was blindfolded. And what’s even worse in this case was that he didn’t know who he was dealing with in the first place. As the men dragged him along the ground Dean could hear whispers and snickers the moment he passed by someone near him.
"DEAN!" He hears Castiel shout and was brought back to the collapsing world around him, he blinks maniacally but the image didn't seem to go away, it was no illusion what he was seeing.
“Is this all?”
You took in Dean and Sam’s hand in your own calloused ones; and just held them, you didn’t know why but to you it just seemed like the reasonable thing to do. Dean freezes, his effervescent pools glaring at you nervously; Sam also looks at you with concern but shows a good intentioned smile. Even with their harsh reactions they grasped onto your hands tightly, Dean more so than Sam and the three of you get up together and let go, Dean lingered a little longer, his uneasy look never wavering “Cas? Did you use your powers to save us?” Dean removes a piece of brick from your forehead, his stares were deep, intimidating and demanding by his tone.
, Dean. So vast and…its terrifying to get through even an ounce of you but seeing you carry this being is what gave me purpose…it’s what gave everyone purpose, to keep on fighting.” He watches his lost eyes wander around his face as the stillness around their feet starts to fade. But nothing fazes them as they continue to stare haplessly.
Castiel extends his hand and pulls the gift away from his fingers, his face showing genuine concern and confusion as his eyes wander over the words written on it. It seems to be a…tape? A tape which said…
The harlequin tiled floor stretched for what felt like miles, old framed pictures of musicians hung lazily over rusted nails, clock handles stopped and crooked as it hovered above rotten mantles and faded kaleidoscopic wallpapers. This diner had a theme to it, booths oozing with the color red that complemented the black and white floors- a bit tacky for Dean’s taste but it still fascinated him- a lot more than he’d like to admit. The countertops were empty with dainty bottles of mustard, syrup and ketchup lying about, a lonely small old silver bell that no one had pressed in years and old glass containers for the bakery items that were once a part of the world he once knew with the menu cards completely abandoned and enveloped by dust. Dean looks away and ponders more over the ceiling- the cracks inviting him in the more he stretched his neck, what was this feeling inside him?
“Why are you here? How did you find me?”
“What was it like? The day it all…happened?” Castiel asked with a sullen and dazed look in his eyes as he slightly frowned. Dean shuffled and got a little closer to Castiel and started staring in the same direction he was “It was complete chaos, something changed inside me and... it's something I could never forget. I thought it would take me some time to get used to it but...it stayed. Every image and every sound...it all stayed”. Castiel contemplated on Dean’s honest words and he waited patiently for him to finish.
everything that’s wrong…If I just lay everything down I…I don’t think I’ll ever be able to do anything ever again, Sam. Don’t get me wrong, I’m trying-I swear to you I’m fucking
“But when the melancholy fit shall fall. Sudden from heaven like a weeping cloud-”
“How can you say that? He mumbles to himself “How can you keep saying shit like that and act like a dick even more!” He shouts while he wipes the sweat off his forehead. He follows him back to where Sam and Bobby were and saw him saying his goodbyes
“Dude…do you know how to…” Dean gulps as he groans from Cas’ lips leaving marks on his body
No Cas. I don't think He gives a damn about us anymore.
Castiel feels tethered
He extends his hand over his shoulder but Castiel flew from his grasp. He pushes on the door and falls to the ground with a loud thud. Dean screams out for him helplessly, almost too afraid to know what was going through his head but even with his strained voice his shaky body refused to stop and instead of coming back inside he starts to run, fast.
Easily forgotten
“Even with your best intentions- I don’t intend on getting you involved any longer. This is my burden to bear, mine alone. Do you understand? I’m more a danger to you now than I’ve ever been before. For once let me, let me save you- I need you to understand-” He spoke calmly, even with the emotions behind his words he was losing grip over himself, Dean pushes Sam to the side- a little roughly so- throughout this conversation now was the time he finally showed some form of apprehensiveness in his eyes, his lips quivered as he held Cas’ face in his scratched hands, he stroked his cheek with his thumbs as he fiddled with his own uncertainty. “You don’t have to do this. Just talk to us. Talk to me Cas”
“Let me go! What the hell are you?! Another one of those black things I bet!”
“Cas what the hell are you talking about? Is there a point to all of this or not?” Dean is pushy in his tone, he lingers forebodingly over his shriveled body- for an instance it felt like Dean was going to punch him, but what was it that was keeping him from doing that exactly?
He starts to blink again, his eyes a crystalline hue as he turns his head hesitantly, a pensive smile appears on Castiel’s lips and you weren’t sure if he was being level headed right now. You try to call to him but it seems he doesn’t want to hear your voice…could it be? At first you thought you had imagined it too- but then it echoes again in this cyclone of endless power.
“Yeah… I’ll keep you updated on everything Jody…it’s just that…we were on a case that kind of got really,
“Our clothes are different too”
“No one stopped the apocalypse, how can little old me stop how the world works now?” his eyes bulge at him even with his calm tone, it’s as if he’s being shoved in a corner and being told that whatever he does or feels- it would never amount to anything because the world wasn’t ready for it anymore; Castiel wanted nothing more than for him to leave him- but his powerlessness got the better of him.
And waited
The cat watches him with caution but ignores him. Castiel chuckles at its stubbornness and decides to get in closer. He extends his finger and draws it near the little thing, their wide eyes staring at him and at the strange interaction but still remains in the same spot. He drew in closer until he started tickling behind their ear and under its chin. The kitten was frozen and confused at first but slowly eased into the touch; liking it a bit too much as it began to mewl and nuzzle his palm.
“Yes”
Someone was nearby. And they were getting closer
He walks out into the cold atmosphere and holds onto his abdomen tightly and disappears within the trees.
But then he thought… what if this is just temporary? What if his powers will run out soon? Would he be able to save them if he kept using it like this?
“And how is that? How will their lurking be in our favor?” You look at him questioningly as you touch his shoulder gently- this time he doesn’t push you away, instead he replies in a soft tone “It’ll be easier to isolate one that way- one is better than a horde” he grins sheepishly as he gazes through one of the doors leading towards the western hall.
“You don’t have to prove yourself, I mean you risked your life to just save one guy, who you barely know anything about” Dean smacked his lips as he looked up and gave Castiel a warm smile.
!?" He turns erratically and lessens the gap betwrrn them "You blacked out on me man! What the hell happened to you out there? If it wasn't for Bobby our asses would've been buried underneath that rubble for who knows how long! Not to mention DEAD!"
If that certain someone didn't bail on him, that is.
“Actually, yes- and a few abandoned houses here and there. But its mostly from gambling- not my finest moment but what can you do?”  he sneers over his explanation and slowly pulls away the tabby cat ornament Balthazar had in his hand- a small gesture like that made him walk away and move on with his conversation “Nothing more we can do, this is just how things are now so might as well gamble away!” his hands motion towards the sky as the emphasis in his tone dies down slowly “Which reminds me, the guys and I haven’t seen you around for a while- they clearly don’t care about you personally because they hate how you rob them of their victory- but me? Seeing how I’m the only one in this…. You get the picture”
“Things will be different now, I promise you that…” He breathes into him, their breathing fails at scraping away the fear in their eyes “You’re my most cherished gift, my bludgeoned regret, my broken soldier and every shattered constellation that brightened these fragmented days…mine and mine alone, Dean. And nothing has made me happier”
"I-" I started to speak, Cas kept his gaze steady and calm, but I knew he was having a breakdown, he knew that what I said wasn't a lie, some part of him knew I was right. "I was so damn scared.. I didn't know what was happening" I stammered while I was wiping my hands unconsciously on my jeans, I kept standing even though my legs weren't working anymore.
I don't think He exists anymore.
You wander a bit more in his green eyes before you nod weakly you’re unconvincing by your gestures but Dean knows something may have stuck with you in some form or another you knew what he said was right even if he was the one having the most difficulty convincing you of it. Who could he fool with his words? He expected me to believe all of that?
The thought made him tear up a bit
A woman enters from the bathroom door wearing nothing but a maroon bra and fitted panties, her long curly hair falling upon her sculpted body and pushed up breasts. She walks towards him, polished finger nails and all and slides them through his free hand as he downs a beer can with the other, sighing at the forced contact.
“Every damn waking minute since this shit fest began, I spent my whole life with the damn thing, with dad, you and-”
“Listen up, we just confront one of those things and just torture it enough to get the information we need”
"When the hell did he-?” he looks at Bobby's confused eyes- who only shrugs in response. Dean clicks his tongue as he hears a loud thud echo in the hall- this time he chose not to go after him.
“I’m sorry.”
"This isn't making any sense, bu-but why have I heard someone say that to me before? Why does it feel like you've given me that name?"
“You know you should eat something before this gig, who knows when you’ll get the time later” Dean muffles through the large slice of pie that writhes in his mouth, Sam sits an inch away from him, completely disgusted by his behavior but even with his mouth full Dean continues to talk, even managing a smile through his treat
“Nothing matters” you hear Castiel mumble under his breath- you weren’t sure if the others had heard it but you didn’t bother addressing it either. It was better this way; you knew it was.
"Cas? Where the fuck are you?" He walks aimlessly around gravestones of different shapes and edges, he couldn't help but use them for support. The sand was dark, so very dark but so soft to the touch. Dean was confused, he had never been to a graveyard with ground such as this, what the hell is going on here?
To which he didn’t respond, but only looked up towards you.
The door held on, as fickle as it looked in its frame but it stood- Castiel wears a confused pout on his face, his glowing blue marbles bouncing about as he cranes his neck, his wings relaxing a bit with their ends tickling the floor- you begin to breathe normally again, swinging your blade lazily in your hand as you turn around and place your back in front of a cupboard towards your right- anywhere that wasn’t near the door.
They were…they were standing right there-where everything began- the edge a bottomless rift ready to swallow you in-he feels the dread resurface in the pit of his stomach. But there’s something here? Something that’s resonating in the air, someone was calling out to him, very,
Three massive black clouds hovered over Castiel's body, they felt almost too thin to even have any form of mass, their strange curves and elongated claws just inches away from his pale face. He swallows and pulls out his shotgun, sadly allowing Cas to act as bait once again and aims towards the largest one. It's skull was similar to the one he saw back at the camp but it's hollow sockets were more prominent to him now- he wanted to stare into it's fucking eyes as he killed it. Dean exhales and takes the shot.
“You”
“And you are needed, you’ll always be needed because you’re
“All those years ago when you and your so called father took my life and my nest I never thought I’d be opening my eyes again once more. Ever since this so called incident that happened I crawled out of the darkness. Ever since then I’ve been thirsting for revenge, on finding you Winchesters and getting rid of you for good. Claiming I’d bury all of your rotting corpses ten… No! Twenty feet under…”
If Castiel had the words to describe this stranger's aura who called him by his name, the exact word would be
“Can they?-” You ask with a dry throat
“Well, you see- there’s this opportunity that has come about recently. And I know what you’re thinking, that it’s just another snatch and grab from some old sod or that we’re scamming someone again, being poachers and what not. You see, he’s actually looking for someone and he said he needs some-how you say? Guiding?”
Castiel stays quiet as he blinks affirmatively
“You got the radio working! It’s nice to see you’re not rusty. Heh” Dean jokes as his eyes follow Sam’s back and quickly turns them away as he looks back. He notices his gesture and decides that it was time to address the matter at hand. He places his back on one of the shelves and crosses his arms before he speaks “Dean?”
Sam and I were resting that night, I can't remember why we were in the impala so late-a stakeout? just a random night out? It's all blurry to me now. I cant tell you how many nights we spent in that damn car and how empty it feels without her-I'll tell you about our stories with her if I ever get the chance again. I remember being half asleep when I heard a strange ringing in my ear, the kind that vibrated throughout your whole body. It messed up my frequency and I was dizzy seconds after I woke up. Sam was screaming but...I couldn't hear a word he was saying. He pulled me out of the car and carried me behind into the woods, he kept falling trying to support me. He started shaking me like crazy; he was saying something I only understood partially. But once he stopped and started looking at something in the other direction I followed his gaze too. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing”
“You don’t mean that, please say you don’t believe any of that”
“Oh-I do. I’ve wanted this for so long but…I never had the fucking guts to admit it” he has a faint smile as his thumb caresses Castiel’s pale face “Please…I’m tired of running away from the few miracles that exist in my life-
Wait, before?.
Castiel buries his face under Dean’s chin as he groans awkwardly- Dean hums and kisses the top of his head and lets his kisses trail downwards until he pulls his eyes into his again, the blue a little less sullen from the tears from before.
Sam felt his insides melt as he heard the sincerity in Dean’s voice; he turns his head slightly but didn’t make eye contact.
on each other-we would get lost along the way but we always made it back to each other in one piece, sometimes even with nothing” he rubs his eyes and red face as he continues “…so what made you think
“I suggest you boys bring a map” Crowley groans as he watches the three of them on the ground “the biggest one”. Dean finishes and looks up at Crowley- his eyes spewing with rage and annoyance- he should know by now that something like this only riles him up.
Dean swallows hard with his inordinate blinking, he’s procuring a sentence but you choose to interrupt anyway, no way were you letting him think about anything right now “That’s what makes all of this worth it Dean, all of it has to be worth something- so watching you give up when-” Sam breathes in his rugged way, his shoulders slightly slouched and his eyes resonating an endearing glow; Dean watches him haplessly try to save him, again and again he tries but he couldn’t fathom it- he always felt that he could fix everything but couldn’t he see?
Dean wipes his hand all across his face- he wasn’t crying but it was hard to tame his tears for such a long period of time, especially if there are two sets of eyes watching you closely.
, he wants to be
Everything felt different to the both of them. The ground lost, the wind a gentle whisper as the open air suddenly feels scarce, their eyes frozen like figures within a snow globe-completely immobile until someone shakes the sense back into them.
“Where did you?.. what? Where did this?-” Castiel stammers, his eyes a lot more luminous than usual.
"No need to rush me, I'm not going to bite... Yet" he spoke with a slight irritation in his voice "What the hell brought you out here in the first place? And with the boys no less"
At that moment he feels something brush upon his left shoulder, he looks instantly and is completely torn up at the sight- wide eyes, red cheeks and all.
Sam feels hurt after hearing their soft dry voices and he decides to focus elsewhere. He watches the other stalls and the items they were providing. He notices a few that actually did catch his eye and it didn’t seem like they carried any diseases either, like a Swiss army knife with a decent looking brown leather holster and a toolbox with only some of the tools present. He noticed some of the canned goods they were trading and many of them smelled vile even from the distance Sam stood, a few steps later he was stumbling out of the occupied land.
“Those things weren’t supposed to enter this place! Their kind exists in much colder regions than this! Maybe it was just a normal shape shifter!” A relatively older woman exclaimed as she held onto the hands of her companion “They’re not supposed to attack us any way! How is that even possible?” Everyone started to shuffle around in peril and huddled closer to each other as the conversation occurred.
Until he found someone who shook all of his beliefs out of him
“Dean, something happened back there didn’t it? Back at the crazy twilight zone?”
Maybe a fire pit was a bad idea
Stop, just stop it.
"Maybe.. Maybe its better this way"
You smile at him, the two of you sharing a nod as you pull again with more force.
, Cas. I’m asking you to stay” he smiles as he stifle a cry trying to escape “So…what’s it gonna be?
“So is it true what you saw Hailey?” A young tanned boy spoke to one of the newly converts in the group, she was grabbing the ends of her shirt and she was shivering in place.
Dean walked out of the bathroom, his scent invading the room. He wore His olive green  jacket upon a pain black shirt, his jeans making sounds as he walked to the bed.
“How…are you?”
“I know. I trust you” Dean kisses his hair and lets his hand rub Castiel’s waist slowly, he pulls him in even closer and Dean laughs at the gesture “I’m…I’m glad you’re here, Cas”
“We need to get back to the campsite, discuss our plan”
“Then-” Sam waves his hands in the air out of frustration “What do you want then? Can you make up your mind for once?!” his head shakes excessively with his floppy brown locks. Dean got offended after his statement and pointed at him as he spoke.
“What do you mean by that Cas?” Sam’s warm tone eases up to him, his hazel stares calming Castiel’s wounded eyes
We stare wide eyed at the brown and orange leaves piled over our object of interest, our hearts almost stopped at the sight-me in particular.
“Alright, alright I get the picture- but seriously you think ignoring them would be the wise choice? They were the ones who found you all those years ago when you were dazed and almost completely out of it. Don’t you think you owe it to them for that at least?”
Sam slowly opens his eyes while Dean keeps his head low- he feels a strange humming and ringing appear in front of his brother- something very familiar to him.
“Dean…” Sam intervened as Dean refused to give up “Just stop it before you hurt yourself”
But you stand your ground
To Cas’ dismay Dean pulls away and gets off the bed slowly, Castiel knew he was teasing him with the way his hands grazed his thighs and his sensual eyes-it was driving him insane how well he could read his gestures now-a decade or so back he never would’ve understood these motions and it made him wonder-how long had Dean been trying to tell him?
“Thank you. For saving my life”
"Castiel" I answered. At that he furrowed his eyebrows and widened his eyes, his lips moved as if he tried to say something but he resisted. I never made eye contact with anyone before but with him I couldn't look away, we kept staring at each other for quite a long time until we realized what we were doing. Dean started to feel awkward and he cleared his throat while his eyes moved away, but mine never left his face. "Okay Cas, do you mind if I call you that? Because Castiel is a bit too jesusy for me" He asked quite frankly. "I don't really care, as long as I'm identified correctly" I answered.
I love you all, thank you for the support.
“Dean, I-”
“So you’re saying that Crowley is alive out there? And you’re certain we can find him?”
“Try me” Castiel’s voice becomes three times deeper; Sam and Dean’s eyes waver with confusion as Dean tries to make eye contact with him as Sam lingers close by, he swallows hard by the heaviness in the air “Cas, is that kind of power even possible?” Dean whispers near him as he pulls on his sleeve, he doesn’t respond.
Dean stretched his legs as he lied on top of the sleeping bag comfortably, the fire near his stiff body made a numbing warmth spread through his muscles and he enjoyed the crackling feeling from it all. He shuffled slightly and turned his sideways to see a dozed off Castiel in his own withered sleeping bag, almost infant like in his clean clothes.
“How is he?”
He slowly walked inside my apartment, observing every furniture that came in his path. He was ignoring eye contact with me and all I was trying to do was to make him look at me.
Castiel doesn't open his eyes from the growing heaviness in his head, but he didn't quite realize that it had spread throughout his whole body.
“Yeah okay, but that little one needs something. He’s just skin and bones!” she coos towards the drowsy fuzz and pulls on Joe’s sleeve “You don’t have to stay for long but it won’t hurt to have some warm clothes and food. We’re heading there right now so, what say?” she beams in the rosy lighting, her brown eyes careening all over his hesitant face.
The wind blows over the scraps of cloth above him- a melancholic breeze just whistling in the cuts and tears as the clouds carry themselves away from his view. The tent wasn’t as big as he wanted it to be but from where he laid it seemed quite massive- the ceiling unreachable and the room wide and incomprehensible. He turns to his side and buries his nose in the dusty ruffled sheets of his mattress- it always made crunchy metallic sounds whenever he moved, the fact that he even managed to find one was a miracle on its own; a victory in these bleak moldy days.
“Dean, we should rest. It’s been more than two hours since we left the cul de sac” Dean winced at his suggestion and Castiel rolled his eyes at him “I know you lied about the time so cut the crap okay?” He spoke bitterly, Dean kept glaring at him and continued walking ahead until his foot slipped on one of the car's and loses his balance. After his bruised ego regained itself again he dared to turn back and look at Castiel, who had folded his arms and was stomping his foot on the roof of a red honda civic. Dean gradually gave up and sat cross legged and waited for Castiel to catch up to him steadily. He reaches him and hands him his flask. Dean took large gulps from before he realized how much he drank, he looked at Castiel apologetically and he just blinks his response with a nod, saying “It’s okay”. Castiel’s knee brushed up against Dean’s and he watched him as he stared at the sky, the details of his face were so clear to him that he ended up counting every eyelash that stood out, due to his curiosity he got caught looking. He tried his best not to blush and he remained poker faced even though Dean was staring into his soul, Dean shrugged and looked away and Castiel took a sigh of relief.
Castiel listens with his head hung low; he couldn’t bring himself to look at him this way. But Dean wanted him to, just hanging onto that sliver of hope that he would “I am…lethal to be with…hell anyone who gets to live for more than a week with me is considered a win” He clutches onto his chest “I try every fucking day to not be…and I try my damn best to not fuck shit up for once, for Sam…for you and every person that chose to have any form of affiliation with me. You know who should be ending his life right now?”
Before reacting in any way the both of them held their breaths steady and closed the gap between each other, they were on high alert and ready to hear any foreign sound before they decided to attack or take cover. Dean remained still, Castiel remained still as well. What was behind it?
Wow, I just realized that I hadn't thought about my family in quite a while; it was a strange feeling having to think about my brethren back in heaven. I was no longer wanted by them, I was an outcast. I was cursed with this body, and now I had to live with it. I no longer remember why I had been punished, I loved my father more than anything, my grace was pure and I wasn't contaminated by these mortal emotions. I don't know why they chose to set me free, I don't know why I was so confused. I no longer remember who I am, and that is the most empty feeling you could experience in this world. With all of this wondering I failed to notice the rage that grew inside of me, my knuckles were clenched and ready to be used. Why was I behaving like a fool?.
But he stayed.
“I will try to tell you at some time, Sam. But I can’t tell you yet”
“Crowley”
I sat on my assigned seat in our rambunctious classroom, everyone was already hyped up about the new session, their souls just chatting away as if nothing else mattered in the world. Females acted extra feminine in front of the males, and males acted like typical males; disgusting and ostracizing their own genetics to those who were vulnerable. Humans never ceased to surprise me, that's why I'm glad I wasn't counted as one.
You grip onto the blade in your hand and attempt to slice the cackling skull off of its shadowy shoulders, but it was ineffective. Your breathing grew ragged and unstable; Dean’s mouth was spewing dark meres of blood- his lips cracked and bitten on by all the extensive shaking and jolts in his bones. “I SAI- STOOOPPPP”
He doesn’t wait for her response as he dashes through with every thought erased from his mind-the overemotional fool that he was. He fumbles with his speed a bit because of the grass and dirt’s texture, it thickened the more he ran towards the cat’s direction “DEAN!” he yells as his head twists and turns, breaking away any of the stiffness that existed before “DEEEEAN!” he yells again as he walked in deeper into a clearing, he was nowhere to be seen and the panic was slowly consuming him.
You’re in a crisis now Castiel.
“Are you high or something? I was calling out to you for a while now. My friends were starting to think I was imagining you” she laughs underneath her grey beanie with a wave of her hand.
You turn off the ignition and push yourself out of the car, a strange hunger lurks in your throat and you swallow out of frustration. Your heartbeat drums in your ears as you shuffle and adjust the pistol shoved in your belt, someone was calling out to you over the barbed fence-the only thing blocking you was the lock on the fragile looking gate.
Dean diverts his focus to the road again, for some reason his gut flinches and churns uneasily and he couldn't understand what made him so impatient. He places his foot a little harder on the acceleration and breathes cautiously with the swift vehicle. Castiel turns and watches his movements, the veins in his hands were popping out much more and his usually calm face seemed tense and overwhelmed by something, for a moment Castiel himself felt nauseas just looking at him. The slight wrinkles around his eyes deep and his focus never wavering. Something right out of a movie, but which movie he couldn't put his finger on it.
“There wasn’t any need to. You’d always be with…”
“Don’t you ever get tired of screwing with everyone’s heads? I sit with you for a few minutes and I already feel my head spinning”
Ever since that night on the road I've been thinking long and hard about us. In a strange way I felt scared, because I didn't know what was going to happen in this world, in this life. At least when I was a hunter I knew my way around things, I could kill and work my way through the crazy situations; even Cas had his angel juice which helped him out with almost anything.
“You said you found this truck from a vamp den right? This truck was stolen from us before they got their hands on it- so all I have to do is use a tracking spell and we’ll be able to manage it from there somehow”
left.
“Not if I use you first” Dean answered in a sinister yet lighthearted tone. Castiel squinted slightly and glared at Dean-he wasn’t kidding, regardless of the smile he wore on his face.
“No you’re
“A bit?” Dean makes a questioning glance, his eyebrow raised and lips pouting slightly “I didn’t know you were into plays as such”
The dim light that escaped the dead sky was falling onto Castiel’s sleepy face as he lay on the ground; he was more dozed off than usual and even with his closed eyes he knew that he was just stuck in one of his eventful dreams again.
Dean admits defeat- assuming that he wouldn’t stay so he turned away. That gesture hurt Castiel- he didn’t want it to but it did. Why couldn’t he just let things go for once?
Dean placed his hands on the ground and indicated what Castiel had to do “Since you’re a few inches shorter I think you would need a lift” Dean playfully roasted his companion, Castiel was not amused at all “When you reach the top of this van you need to pull me up okay? And make sure you don’t slip because the surface can be kind of tricky to hold on to. Do you understand?”
“Dean?”
“Just till the edge…just a little longer” I pat myself on my chest and wince at the strange pain, regretting my action almost immediately. I’m in pieces, a rupture within my ribs, something unexplainable that keeps me walking further on. Something inside me doesn’t want to die even now-after everything?
Castiel came to a sudden stop with his slightly twisted foot, the footsteps behind him fade as the stranger pants and speaks more softly. "We had an arrangement...there were some ghouls and...they got to him as he tried to..." he pauses hesitantly but continues when Castiel didn't respond "he said you were the only one who knew how to get to the place where I need to be.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam feels dazed as the air feels light in his lungs again, his nose runny by the cold wind that hits his face- they’re not outside but they stand upon a platform, a few trash cans are spewed about with the same strip of carpets blown over, some even burnt from the edges and the top of the structure that’s completely desecrated from above, there was no ceiling but some of the walls still stood tall- the constellation still fresh and beaming in the sky. Dean’s limping has lessened and he’s able to walk a little better than before as he tries his best to hide the pain that resurfaces from time to time. Sam watches him catch up and stand beside him, his face flushed with a lot more color than before “You’ve gotta be kidding me…” his eyes are wide in the dull moonlight, the giddiness seeping from his lips and his childish laugh, you notice the point of interest too but are quite conflicted about it.
Castiel lets go and feels the heat in his cheeks burn his entire being- thankfully Dean was occupied and didn't notice.
“Let’s- uh… keep moving” Dean answered after he bit his lip out of frustration, he closed his eyes and pushed himself off of Castiel, he moaned internally as he felt a bruise on his chest. Castiel lifts himself up and stands upright, he stared at the long blocked road up ahead and gulps nervously at the long blockage. The line of cars seemed endless from the position they were in, a couple hours work at least, Castiel was already counting the emotions he was going to feel once he started crossing this nightmare of a traffic jam, he looked towards Dean who already had a 5 minute head start dashing from roof to roof-he was approximately five cars away from him.
“I would’ve done it in a heartbeat, especially if there was a chance to begin with” Castiel sighed sadly, the emotions that he felt within him wasn’t his own, he knew that and made peace with that fact, but it seems that he was still trying to understand what had happened all those years ago.
Sam hits the pistol’s grip over his head, it wasn’t strong enough to incapacitate him but it was enough to give rise to a menacingly firm throbbing laced around his neck.
Dean’s eyes widen at his suggestion and Crowley’s unapologetic glare wasn’t helping things either.
His tongue tickles the inside of his mouth as he hums almost soundlessly. Castiel's body is warm in the afternoon grey and he longs for things to just stop for a little while. The backpack straps caress his shoulders and he starts walking backwards, hoping to catch one more glimpse of the slow, beaming river. A smile appears on his tired lips and the veins in his neck throbbed. He wasn't someone who'd complain about their misgivings but it did get on his nerves sometimes-how could he tell his wound to shut up?
“Are you trying to say....that this was a mistake?”
“Yeah, feels strange doesn’t it?” Dean responds, but he doesn’t bear a smile on his lips. They walk together slowly, escaping into the conversation Crowley manages to pull Cas into without his consent- all of this seemed so easy, so why? Why was it so hard to-?
“Out…”
be here if it meant I couldn’t save you. So this is me trying, you ass”
What the actual fuck was going on in his head?
"Shut up"
He was wearing a white t shirt and pajama bottoms, his trench coat being the masterpiece of it all. These were the clothes he got back from the community center-he didn’t think it mattered at first but he clearly looked like he escaped from a mental asylum. His own naivety shocked him sometimes.
“Is that really how you treat your guests?” Crowley mumbles in the back seat as his head pops towards the front, a levitating head in Dean’s view but a nuisance in Sam’s eyes.
“Bite? Hell I’m gonna tear him apart and feed on his organs in front of him”
“DEEEEAAAANNNN!” He screams louder, his lungs shriveling up from the sensation as he did, the ground felt flatter underneath him and he starts to run again, his pants fogging up the air around his head. He tries again with his cupped mouth “DEEEAANN?”
Dean. It…it looks like you haven’t even eaten in two days, have you just been on some bender or something?! Not talking about it will only make this worse! You’re not okay, just admit it!”
It didn't feel right
Castiel couldn’t take it anymore
“Get your ass up here on this mattress, its big enough”
Dean shakes his frozen body but he just...stared. Completely unfazed by the eerie air around him. How long would it take for him to look back?
“That’s not funny”
Dean- as impatient as he seemed- waited for Castiel and let him have his moment. Biting his lower lip slightly Castiel swirled back to his old position and started moving quickly, regardless of how heavy his steps felt. He mentally embraced the heavy air that surrounded his stiff legs as he strolled non-seriously through the dead forest, Castiel felt less burdened the moment he started walking ahead of Dean, the silence between them grew so much that within minutes he had forgotten that he was actually behind him at all. He was relieved that he mustered up the courage to finally go back, back to the place that was the key to answering his questions. Even after all these years he doesn’t really know why he escaped that place so many years ago and why his brain had become so dense that he couldn’t find what was preserved inside it? Was he really just acting that naïve because he just needed a reason to stay away from that place in general?
He knew that Dean was in for an earful and he chuckles at the thought. Sam shoved his hands in his pockets and walked solemnly through the small, malnourished crowd , he overhears two women huddled closely in one corner, they whisper and discuss about their children and their deteriorating health-claiming that they were starting to forget a lot of things.
“Are you kidding me? What the hell is this-Dr. Phil?” he crosses his arms defensively but his eyes reflected a different emotion altogether “Why are you acting like nothing bothers you? Why…why do you seem so…unaffected?” Dean stutters as he steps back, maybe even considers leaving him here but something makes him stay, something unknown.
I went into the kitchen and covered my mouth; my face felt hot and greasy, seeing how oblivious he was made me angry.
“Please, man. I need you here, I don’t know what we’re going to do to fix things, just give us a chance to save you, just tell us where you are and how…”
"I discovered some items the old man had, a great collector honestly; and I traded all of them to get by and only kept the things I needed most. This is the only life I lead now-what more can I say? Whatever happened to me at the Edge...”
But his strength brought me back.
"Ugh. THAT'S WHAT I DID YOU MORON, WHAT ELSE DID I DO?!" He bites back, I loosen my grip on him and let his body slide down, he starts breathing easily, there was a sign of a little annoyance in his body language, taking a deep breath I look at him and his stance softens.
"You know what Castiel, you're the fucking scum of the earth you know that? This is like your fifth win in a row!" Zach continued to complain as Castiel pushed all of their possessions into his dirty white tote bag.
“I suppose…but whatever that’s going on inside is what I’m worried about”
“No…I just…”
"What?"
Castiel hums teasingly, he honestly doesn’t know where that comes from but he lets the emotion stay, this time with no remorse. Dean is taken aback by his behavior, he wasn’t sure if any of his words affected his decision in any way. But Cas knew what the outcome would be before they even started speaking to each other.
“These will protect you from them- one warding will shield your organs from their powers while the other shields you from their hallucinations” he breathes in a rugged way as he places his hand on his forehead and struggles to stand on his feet. You and Sam instinctively reach out to him but he only pushes you away- you in particular. “I’m fine-” He groans dispassionately as he turns around in a strange way- his hand rubbing his temple with a lot more force than anticipated “Crowley, you come up and I’ll mark you too. We need to move on now- no more delays” he grunts as he waits for Crowley to stand in front of him.
That would be nice
“I mean you’re literally the only person I know who’s come out of there alive. In one piece, Castiel! How can you say no to this especially at times like this?”
“You know, I stopped having dreams when all of this started, can you imagine? Not even wet dreams, Cas. It was always this pitch black, I’d just lay my head down and I’d be out, a few hours later I’d wake up and start the same old shit all over again. But somehow… us finding each other brought that factor back. The nightmares, the dreams- everything- but still no wet dreams unfortunately…”
Sam’s request for their store’s security footage was the only way he could make him
“…Yeah. I suppose it is. It doesn’t bother you, like at all? I know you have this macho exterior thing going on Dean, but just-”
“I don’t really...”
Sam rolls his eyes at Crowley’s unusually flirty tone “I’m only calling you because I saw your texts, did you really have no one else to bother even after everything?”
I-I don't kno-" he murmured; I took a step closer towards him, His head was lowered and he refused to lift it up. I bent down in order to meet his startling gaze, I looked at him with hopeful eyes and begged.
And a heartbeat!
Dean places the journal in his lap and the truck's messy ignition echoes around them, soon the vehicle moves and they drift away.
Dean was glad his face was hidden for the time being, he could feel the panic rising up in his throat and he swore to himself that he knew the person speaking to him currently. Who the hell was it?
"Alright you sons of bitches, wake up".
I needed to get out.
“Do you want to help me or not? Or maybe I should call Rowena instead?”
Thankfully our teacher was already 10 minutes late, no one even bothered to notice a student's dead body in their classroom, me. My head started to pound after all the thinking I had done in the last few seconds, I laid my head down and covered it with the trench coat that I had been wearing for all eternity. I pulled it over my head and pretended to be a tortoise, wrapped up in its own sorry world.
My SPN babies, I'm so sorry for the painful ending that we all DID NOT DESERVE, THAT THE CHARACTERS DID NOT DESERVE. Its been a horrible 2 weeks, now months of pain awaits. I'M SO SORRY FOR THIS FANFIC TOO BECAUSE I HAVEN'T FINISHED IT YET. I PLAN TO DO IT I SWEAR, Because after the trauma i think we all need a group hug from each other during this trying time, whatever the writers did I'll try to rewrite it, maybe even express myself a little bit through my children- maybe even give them the ending they deserve.
(See the end of the chapter for
But he only smirks and nods. Dean huffs and opens the journal, the both of them draw their heads in close and scurry through the words silently.
He still struggles in his grasp even though he knows he can’t do anything anymore, this was something he could only feel, something he could only watch no matter how much it killed him, no matter how much his faded words echoed inside his mind now. He was too late
You hear voices, murmurs of never ending woes- veins being cut open- irises that encompass the wildest of realms- innumerable amounts of passion and the colors that burst from the carnage- you and Dean on the beach, watching the waves crash into you, him taking photos from an old camera- you see Sam, the both of you wandering between rows and rows of bookshelves, you hold the books he keeps pulling out from the horror section- you see the both of them- they muse over the contents of a recipe book, Dean a lot more so than Sam. There is another who stands with them, a young boy with light hair and a kind smile- Dean pulls him into a hug and pushes him towards the stove- Sam grins playfully and smears sauce over the teenager’s nose. The boy beckons you to save him from Sam and Dean’s playfulness- you can’t help but smile at the sight of them- you see yourself, standing in the moors- you have no shoes on and only wear a white pajama suit and your trench coat, the sun looks the brightest its ever been- the brightest it may ever be.
Then the other
Dean unconsciously felt himself shake when he saw the guard drag a fainted Castiel along with him. He threw his docile body across the ground and watched Luther place a few gentle caresses with his foot. Castiel was blinking slowly but he didn’t open his eyes, Luther’s feet kept pushing him to and fro until Castiel’s head tilted downwards.
"Well it seems to me that you care an awful lot about Castiel for him to get you so riled up this way"
The room is tidy, there were more shelves dedicated to books but also small mementos and trinkets- some small sea shells and some were distorted statues that hovered over the window- which was covered by a thick black curtain and only specks of light bounced off the bed and onto the floor. Castiel’s back was the first thing everyone saw when they entered the room- it emanated a very negative aura- the other two also sensed it. The bed sheets were disoriented and disheveled with ends and corners stretching out to the floor- the bed itself was full of his clothes and flasks- many that Dean recognized from their journey.
Sam looks up and meets Bobby’s gaze- he heaves a heavy sigh while rubbing his hands on his knees, slowly but surely he was going to find an answer soon- surely he would know what to do. He refused to acknowledge this, any of this.
My head, damn my head.
“Him…”
Dean Winchester: 1 Castiel: 0
A pang of guilt starts to bubble inside of them simultaneously-for a moment the light in the clouds felt a little dimmer in their eyes “I’ve fucked up everything I’ve cared for, everything I’ve loved! Nothing stays long with someone like me…nothing ever lasts but I still…try, Cas. I’ll keep trying until I finally find some way to break the cycle…I mean…” he falters as he runs his hand through his hair, biting his lip as he tries to breathe “I have not been a good man…I’ve tried
“You know me, I never listen” Dean scoffs, his voice a little meaner than Castiel had expected- he was the infuriated one here “And…I don’t know really. I don’t know why I did that”
“It will- but Sam you must know that I don’t intend on letting any of you get close to them when the chance comes- I only agreed to let you come because I anticipated on protecting you both”
Just for those fleeting moments, he’ll try.
“You never told me that” Sam helps him out and tightens the knot a little more, his eyes never leaving Dean’s slightly sullen expression.
The lump subsides as a few tears fall from his cheeks, he stares at the water, the sky, the dirt caught under his finger nails, he tries to think through it all but…it just leaves him numb inside.
Castiel has a dim expression wearing out on his aged face, the ‘maybe’ and ‘what ifs’ still swimming around in his head, he led a peacefully complex life to this point and he wanted it to drain him dry already, so why was he so hesitant to let his meagre life continue this way the moment this man began to speak? Castiel closed his eyes just to escape this world for a second, just to think of some way to find an answer for the man pleading to save his brother’s life. Why do these rushed emotions feel so familiar to him?
Ever since coming back he’s found it hard to settle down in this time frame again. The first few weeks were agonizing for both him and Dean, the comfort of the bunker seemed so unreal when they took their first steps. Visits from Jody, Garth and Crowley-funnily enough-didn’t really make things easier on them-Dean in particular. He’s always repressing something and hiding behind his gentle smile but Sam knew what clouded his mind even if he buried himself in porn and alcohol. It’s a miracle they even walk around normally at this point, let alone even consider taking on any jobs in the near future-it’s just temporary, Sam hopes.
“I choose to do so because we don’t have time. We need to work together for now and then I can be out of your way”
The air disperses around him as he stands firm on the ground, his trench coat flaying about until it normalized around him. He takes a moment to recollect himself and looks at the trees and skies that towered above him since the last time he was here. The massive building was still intact, the cracks that surrounded it once before were all blooming with weeds and shriveled roots- at first he feared them to be the same but they did not resemble those incarnations the longer he looked. Castiel’s recognizable squint appears on his face as he was turns his head to and fro, he makes his way towards the field of green that is much more dull and out of control than he had remembered- the laurel grass reached up to his chest now, making it difficult to trudge as he had wanted, but even this small obstacle was something he wanted to remember when the time came- there was a time when he wanted to lay here and just watch the setting sun, the length of this grass would’ve been ideal for it now, but alas he had his duty to fulfill. He watches the building the closer he got to it, the same massive structure all now covered by unidentified bacteria and species alike as he made his way towards the many orifices that appeared around the building, he lurked around them until he found one that was big enough to squeeze through. He knew he could make his life easier by bursting through a window or a wall but he didn’t want to risk using up his powers now- especially when there was no danger present.
“No!” Castiel jolts defensively as he clutches onto the ends of his sleeves, the shake within him never subsiding “No one knows. Only…only you”
“You called?”
You wait for a while, but ease into the silence once more
"The name's Bobby Singer, I'm Sam and Dean's uncle of some sort, so no need to be afraid, if you don't want to trust me then by all means do whatever the hell you want, not my business to care really" his baseball cap bounces with him. Castiel nods slightly, still a bit dazed by his fiasco from a few minutes ago.
"No. I was too busy keeping us alive"
“You see, isn’t it nice when you reunite? I really wish I could thank you personally for everything you did for me and my nest in particular. Especially your dad” Luther pushed the hair from his face and saw the rage beginning to build up inside Dean “I honestly couldn’t believe the words that came out of my soldiers mouths! They kept on claiming that
“Anyways, you never really told me why your brother would be there in the first place” Castiel broke the silence as he shuffled through the narrow gaps between the thick branches of the trees. Dean broke the branches and twigs effortlessly with his gloved hands, the veins in his elbows popping as he made through them without a scratch
He hears his grunts enter the room and Sam turns to meet his gaze. Dean looks slightly soaked from his hair with dark shades under his eyes. His face looks drained and weak as he runs his hand through his hair and gives off a forced smile, he knew he was happy to see him by the flickering gleam in his eyes but Sam grew concerned nonetheless. He adjusts the corrected collection of books in one row and dusts his hands off; a kind smile appears on his lips as he pulls out a chair for Dean to sit in.
“But…what about…” I breathe and stop midway, how stupid was I? To think that my life mattered even after everything? “I’ve…I’ve served my purpose. I suppose now…”  I think out loud again and look both ways of the road, confused as to which path led to my new beginning. My eyes wander for a while as the sun kept rising, sending flickers of heat and life into my tainted vessel-all of it seemed endless-absolutely
“Give it to me. I’m telling you, we can fix this”
“Then why…?”
" I don't know how to say this but I know there's something about you that somehow makes sense to me. You have potential and intellect. Your recent paper sucked though, but I know that there's more to it.". I didn't understand how i had to respond, but the tone of his voice made me want to trust him. Could I do that? I mean as a teacher he sucked too, so I can't really fight him. But the fact that he doesn't think he sucks worried me. I was glued to the floor, not moving a muscle. I heard light footsteps and before i knew it Dean was standing in front of me, he brought his face closer to mine; widening his eyes as he did.  Was it sympathy that I felt in those beautiful eyes?
Castiel nodded full heartedly, he didn’t say anything after that for a while before he thought of another question.
“It’s not easy”
I would've noticed the color if my eyes weren't fixated on his wet skin. The atmosphere around me became humid, I couldn't avert my gaze and I felt disgusted at my actions; I grabbed the nearby sharpened pencil on the counter beside me and jabbed it in my hand. I held in my scream and excused myself without saying a word, Dean tried to stop me while he was preoccupied with his wet papers but I chose to ignore him. I ran to the closest bathroom and saw myself in the dust filled mirror. Some dark circles had appeared underneath my eyes, and my skin looked as if it was shedding. My face was red with my embarrassing emotions, I simply ignored my sorry state and washed my face over the sink. I felt so useless and pathetic. My whole purpose was crumbling. I wanted to be free. I let out a sorry excuse of a groan, even when I expressed my frustration I looked like a wounded puppy who just wants to be rescued.
even if life kept giving them curveballs. You…are no exception to that”
“This seems promising” Sam sees the post stamp and re reads it to assess the location. He opens an online map and starts narrowing down the number of bus stations present in that area-there weren’t many so he grinned at the prospect. Sam started tapping away and began accessing the security camera footage from the nearest station but it seemed to be a bust-the firewall was kind of a hassle to get through. He stops and grabs his head in his hands, his sighs deep and unsatisfied. Did he lose his hacking skills all that time he was stuck elsewhere?
“How do we reverse it?” Dean directs his scream towards its melting body, he stares into its lifeless eyes and tries to figure it out somehow- but he can’t, it just stares at you menacingly without feeling any form of remorse-completely inhuman. It keeps exchanging glances from Dean, then Sam and then Castiel, its red eyes widening every time he sees him- what was going on?
Their bodies grow weary in the truck that shakes excessively, the groaning engine a nightmare to ignore. Castiel tilts his head over the rolled down window and cradles it despite the constant drumming from the vehicle. It felt heavy even now.
"I'm scared... Cas. I don't know" Dean shivers, his face a little pale from the lack of blood flow, he doesn't even loosen his grip on the journal even once. He tries sucking in his emotions and tears but even so he just stares at it menacingly.
“Hmm. Maybe 10 miles, it takes a couple of hours by foot so maybe you can reach the late night schedule- if you’re lucky and fast. It goes through a couple of towns so that’s neat”
The skull lingered in mid-air as it was being wrapped around the black glow bleeding from Castiel’s feet- as if a new skin was being sown over it. He feels this wave of anguish coarse through him as he stopped blinking, but he couldn’t help himself from getting closer to it too. A hum spewed from the bleeding black veins that continuously twisted and latched onto it, for some reason Castiel spread out his hands and watched the nefarious darkness dance its way towards him and place itself perfectly in the palm of his hand.
“So, what are we talking about, a spell of some sort?”
“Fuck off, Jared” Jared laughs as he walks away from his table with a half assed wave and a laugh that Crowley always failed to ignore. He looks at his empty mug, all forlorn and dreary the longer he looked. So he chose to get up, a grunt escaping his lips as he said his goodbyes to everyone around him.
“Yeah-yeah okay, see you soon Sammy” you click the phone shut and focus on the dark road ahead, the spotlights lighting your way towards the unknown “Ugh now to deal with this music-where is it?” Dean shuffles around in his tape deck with his free hand, his eyes never leaving the wheel. His hands were shaky and kept fumbling over the cassettes for some reason.
“Oh.”
He opens the door to a secluded hall- the white windowsills and walls stretching out towards the very end of it all. There were tags over the myriad of doors that lurked here- many of them room numbers and several of them ranging from ‘records’ to ‘storage’. Either way the hall seemed as though it stretched on for a millennia “Heh- so much for getting lost” you mumble under your breath with your neck stretched out and looking into the hall with dread. Sam pushes through the both of you and wanders the hall unfazed with his hand on his pistol-readying himself for the task at hand. “I sense them forward- through the doors at the end” Castiel shoves you gently and steps beside Sam- he nods at him and Sam does too as they slowly move forward while you and Crowley linger back but still remain pretty close to them.
Castiel looks at Sam, he’s completely taken aback by Dean’s behavior and honestly he felt as powerless as him right now.
He never looked up
Dean pulls himself closer as he pulls Cas in from his waist, their faces only inches away on the pillow that made their heads sunk in. Plant kept singing in their ears but Dean made sure he mouthed the next thing clearly.
Dean’s eyes wander over him, his tears now free as it burns his cheeks-he wants to reach out to him but he can’t move, he can’t even speak, what could he do? Castiel lifts his head up slowly, his eyes ablaze and reflecting the most profound of blues as they stab into him, a stab he willingly accepts. Something emerges from his back, something black and massive unfurls as he stands wistfully. He’s unfazed by its opulence while Dean just stares in awe- his green hues shining the brightest of all. He sees his wings stretching out for miles above him and refused to stop, the black feathers are now coated with specks of color, he sees reds, blues and pinks and any color he could fathom in his shattered mind, he sees the sun, the galaxies, fireworks crashing into him, an endless kaleidoscope within his grasp, if only he could just touch them, if only he could just hold him together.
Dean readjusts himself and buries his face into Castiel’s chest; he lies on top of him as he refuses to look up even when Cas wanted him to “Did I say something wrong?” Castiel watches him apprehensively and places his hands on Dean’s back, gripping onto him lightly as he waited for him to speak. Dean’s heartbeat is erratic against his chest and his cheeks were warm with a vivid shade of pink as he spoke again “Damn it don’t say stuff like that Cas”
“Hey Cas can you pass me that bag?” Sam stretches his hands out and stares at you for a response.
“You said you wouldn’t let my ass die and I don’t intend on dying anytime soon until I find answers. Deer monster or not” Castiel spoke as his voice came out muffled underneath the plastic foam, Dean kept on staring at his shivering head and gives out a small laugh before he turns the other way.
He hears your frozen footsteps upon the ground and turns to look in your direction, the worry in his eyes fading away and suddenly turning into something else. Something unfathomable but welcoming
“What time is it? How long was I out?” Dean gabbles in his sleepy state, rubbing his eyes as he straightens himself up in the leather seat- he notices that the truck’s door is open and half of Sam’s body is dangling outside the vehicle. Dean snickers at the view and Sam rolls his eyes in response “Yeah, very funny. Now come outside and eat- I managed to make a campsite near a river”
Indeed it was me.
“These are expired…” Dean commented as he flipped the medicine strip over to show Castiel
He remains quiet and listens intently
"Bobby? Is?..." Castiel mumbles as his eyes shift from Sam and Dean constantly, he tries to hide the worry in his eyes but somehow couldn't.
“I told you already, I don’t know. Your lives will not be risked I can tell you that much, alright?”
Sam digs his fingernails into his skin out of frustration, he knew he had to keep himself calm so he started breathing so slowly that he could hear his raging heart choke him from the inside. Sam walks out of his room slowly as he distracts himself with the edibles, he carries some of the canned food in his large arms and sneaks back into his chambers to place it in his bag.
No, it definitely wasn’t.
Dean blushes even more with his eyes wide but this time he doesn’t hide, even if he really wanted to “Damn it stop being so…” Dean grasps onto the ends of Cas’ hair and pulls him into a kiss, his mouth is warm and demanding even this early-it didn’t bother him, he only felt more connected to him when he initiated the kiss-his mind in complete shambles by the overwhelming desire that swells up. Dean pulls him in closer as he bites his lower lip and lets his tongue linger within his shaking lips-he could sense Cas’ nervousness even if his arms are laced around him-he felt the same way, he just didn’t want him to think he was being a complete idiot around him. He knows how hopeless he could be with things like this and how easy it was for him to break it all apart.
"Dean.."
“There’s nothing I wanna talk about, let’s just focus on everything else right now. Save Crowley, trap or kill the shit that are after us and reverse everything. Simple. Done-zo”
But the brothers lay
He was not proud of his actions
Bobby walks into the hall and passes by the room Castiel lay in. They stood in front of a dark red door, it was at the end of the hall and he didn't even notice it being there. His wrinkled hands turn the knob very slowly but the creaks still ensue, Cas peeks a little over his hat and lets the room speak on its own.
I will not hurt Dean.
Castiel was still horrified and found himself immobile, he honestly considered pretending to faint again.
There was no mark on it. I couldn't understand why that was so, I remember jabbing it into my burned out skin, I could feel the blood leaving the source. But yet, there was nothing?. I was losing my head, I needed to go home and contemplate on these things; Maybe take a few pills and fall asleep too. I looked at my cheap Casio watch and saw that I had missed half an hour of my class, was it really that long?. I sighed, one of my most miserable sighs and I left the filthy walls and mirrors. I could still hear the rain drops, it reminded me of a distant memory I had long forgotten.
Something on his back.
He’s completely dazed and lost in those calloused hands that cradle his face, by wings that wrap around him and heal this empty space from within, a broken shell of a man failing once more.
“I don’t know if I can…if I can face them”
And they’re carried away.
“And I think we need to dwell over how you’re even awake right now, amongst other things obviously”  Dean responds while crossing his arms, waiting for the one thing he got distracted from after seeing Sam.
You see the roads zooming past you again with Sam snoozing peacefully behind- Dean drives the truck with less intensity than before- for some reason he wanted you to sit in the front seat this time as he pushed Crowley away. Even the smallest gesture like that made you contemplate over every decision you’ve made in your life here on earth. A smile breaks upon your drained face as he awaits your answer; you felt like talking to him right now for some reason and Dean felt the same even with his mammoth brother shuffling in his sleep.
Sam covers Crowley’s eyes and closes his own; catching a glimpse of a trench coated sleeve appearing on Dean’s left shoulder.
“I can’t. I just can’t”
“We can’t, no matter how much we want to- every time we try he always gets triggered somehow. The last time we did he vanished on us; we don’t think he’s here for us, at least- not completely”
“Cas! No…Cas!!” Dean struggles in his arms as the walls and windows shatter around them, the same black fogs and skulls seep in through the cracks and begin to circle around Castiel, vultures ready to scrape his bones clean.
“Those beasts left a hidden message, I believe they are all regrouping some place farther from here and I only have this cryptic message to follow up on.”
“Dean… you can’t just-”
As much as the thought wanted to gnaw away at his brain he didn't allow it, he walks towards the truck and places his limp friend inside; Dean felt so miserable, as if his stomach was charred off by a hot metal rod, just this strange burning sensation that lingered and refused to go away. He hated feeling so unaware.
Dean slows down and sighs softly as he traces his kisses upwards towards Castiel’s jawline and falls towards the free space beside him, his face aligned with Cas’ almost perfectly. His breathing is soft and gentle against Castiel’s skin, the blue behind his eyes crashing in his mind and waiting to unveil the secrets buried deep beneath it, he always thought he could read his mind and maybe he did-he could
“Dean that isn’t what-”
He spits haphazardly and starts to blink, he realizes something, something different-something long lost upon his dusty tongue and within the frazzled pieces of his mind. He finally wakes and shuffles on the ground, unfortunately the nausea and pain in his body still lingered but it didn’t stop him from getting up. He feels his blood rush through his veins as he struggles to stand on his feet; until he looks up and feels his bones freeze.
“I just…”
“Oh, so you do remember me? I wonder if you’ll remember this too!” and with his sentence he kicked Dean once more but this time in his stomach. The persistent throbbing began to rise in his gut and Dean was coughing hysterically and failing miserably to breathe in some air.
"Talk"
“Okay, so…” Crowley is the one who finishes eating first and starts becoming the center of attention again- Dean was annoyed by his antics but he chose not to ruin his lunch
Sam tries to fight it but closes his eyes, as if being vexed by something unknown “Sam?” You call out to him, but he doesn’t respond, he doesn’t even notice you as you extend your hand and reach out.
Castiel watches him with his aversive looks, he knows of his intensity and his tough exterior, he only wished that he could see the same
“Then don’t give me a reason to get angry Cas…”
“We’ll think of something…we’ll…”
Castiel blushes at the question, his eyes intense and wide as he holds onto the cat more tightly- his lips quiver from embarrassment and he kind of wishes he could get out the hole he dug for himself.
Dean coughs as he changes gear, kind of like he knew he was rambling on in his head- he always had strange instances with him- he never understood why. He hasn’t been able to understand a lot of things that have been happening for the past few years, decades? Eons? Everything haunts him it seems.
But Dean answered, with the same softness in his voice.
and I know I never really thanked you or really appreciated you for it, even after we became…friends” He gives off a choked laugh “But you saw something in me, you always saw something in me worth saving and that’s why…that’s why you always came back to me…to fight for that part of me. It’s insane really…you say that we’re…unhealthy or that we’re poison to each other but I can’t for the life of me
"I don't really know Bobby; it's just? I don't know what to do anymore, not like I used to at least. I see Sam, just gallivanting into danger thinking as if its the old days but he just doesn't know- he just can't get over the fact that we're over, that everything we managed to kill- and everyone we managed to save- all of it was for nothing. I mean look at the world now, do you even think its worth saving? Especially knowing that there is some demonic beast out there taking everyone piece by piece? Sanity by sanity? I don't know if I have it in me anymore, I don't know why he's so persistent about us risking our lives for a lost cause. I mean- Cas is literally the only one, and I mean the
He swallows hard at the thought but he couldn’t see any other name befitting of him and his round green eyes with hints of gold.
“It’s a dead end from this point; it seems we have no other choice but to take that road”
Castiel trims the growing ends of his beard with a pair of yellow scissors- the mirror had blotches and irremovable black stains on it but the clear parts were enough for him to do a somewhat decent job- not like he cared about looking at himself “You know why- I just can’t stand being there all the time; the so called grunting and profanities they toss at me after every game- the smell of beer and other substances I don’t want to name- not to mention the-”
The motel’s neon sign was blazing and sending off a strange colored steam in the rain, he watches it from behind a dusty curtained window and rubs his hands over his thighs-his jeans stinging the scratches upon them.
“Do you remember the day of the collapse? Or the days-maybe weeks- after, really”
“How can you make these claims when we don’t even know what you are?” your eyes bulge around the resurrected vines, their coos echoing once more.
But when Dean finished and started to speak again his tone took a more forceful approach “I know you might want something in return, but I don’t have shit to give you, all I’m saying is that I’m willing to do anything as long as you agree to help me- if his deal is still on the table I still might consider it”
“Still right here, just by the way” Crowley speaks from across the fire pit. His mouth still a smug grin even as he’s eating
"Thi- this isn't re- al" he answered after pulling himself together " I knew there was something about you b- but this is insane, I can't know you. I don't know you. My dreams are just dreams, you're just a normal person who teaches me, AND NOTHING ELSE, this is all a lie!" He screamed as he struggled through his current state.
“Dean?!” Sam yells and waits for an answer as he looks at the contents inside the bag-who the hell buys so much?! So he did bring a cat home! “Dean?” Sam leaves the bags and starts marching towards his room-he had so much he wanted to get off of his chest and he couldn’t contain it any longer. All these months of searching had led him nowhere and he needed all the help he could get, maybe he had an idea that didn’t drag him out and make him waste the precious hours of the day.
You grew curious.
He feels a tug at his side, or so he thought. But upon opening his eyes he sees him, his crystalline stare the same as he had always remembered them, the shakes in his hands subside and he smiles at him- Castiel mimics his gestures and starts humming too- failing miserably at it.
We always wished for a normal life together and now that we have it; we don't even know what to do anymore. My breathing became unsteady as I thought about it more and more, I didn't want to fail anymore, I have the one I hold most dear to me, he's alive and he's safe, what more could I want?.
The darkness grows as Sam closes the door behind him, his shuffling feet fading away in the many rooms inside the Bunker.
“What?”
I remember.
“Yeah- I bet it’ll take us straight to one of Hell’s workshops too” Sam responds with a silly smirk on his face with his hands in his jean pockets as he stares at Dean’s back “Hah! So you do remember one of my awesome stories” he glows by his remark and touches every nook and cranny of the ancient contraption “Can’t believe it took us this long to actually scratch this place off our bucket list”
“You wouldn’t have listened. You didn’t even address it when I had those panic infused black outs. I can’t blame you, you were already so hell bent on saving your brother, so how could I have expected you to listen and understand?”
All of it.
“Are we…are we taking this?” Dean points towards the other Dean with his wide eyes
“Not until you tell me what I need to know, or else I can force it out of you- an option I do not wish to use”
“What?” Dean takes a step back and turns the other way, he didn’t want him to see the hurt in his stale eyes.
"Its uh... Just something"
“Listen… I… I don’t know what to really, say? I don’t really know what I’m doing here. We’re just following leads at this point. We got Crowley, so there’s something- he’s the only one who might know what happened when…”
"Yeah Cas? What is it?"
“Something is… something isn’t right” Castiel turns and holds his head from the throbbing pain- he watches the three of you wait on him, acting like a crazed lunatic with his arms flailing about “Don’t stop- we need to move- I sense them… they’re…they’re” he mumbles as he grabs Sam by the shoulders and watches him in disdain- Crowley looks around with the beads of sweat moistening his forehead, his eyes bulging with an unknown intensity.
“…Is it working?”
His eyes are frozen- the blue in his eyes disappearing like the clouds in the sky- he speaks again but in the same tone as before, completely unaffected “I know I haven’t been the best person to rely on in recent times… and I do not blame you for not trusting me now- but believe me when I say this. I want to
“So do you really intend on leaving? You’ve been a great help to me and the others around here”
“Oh! Well if it isn’t the young Winchester! Put her there!” Toby guffawed as he took Sam’s hand and tugged on it.
I wore my brown leather jacket over a black turtleneck, something I would never wear but at least it kept me warm dammit. Instantly the sound of the bell startled me and I saw everyone run like they would never come back again. Where the hell was he?.
The book was tiny in his hands and as you opened it you could see why. The font size was miniscule, and it strained your eyes as you grazed through words you couldn’t understand, over emotions you couldn’t understand. You squint even more than usual, and the veins in your head bulge out and for some reason you couldn’t pull yourself away. You end up on a page that was slightly more legible from afar and the ink wasn’t as dull.
“Are they?” I look at my usual combination of plaid and layers “I didn’t notice that either”
Dean felt tense and even more nauseas than before, he felt his eyes twitch uncontrollably from the images that kept circling in his mind. He bites his lower lip and presses the back of his hand on his eyes, he gasps as quietly as he could-there was no need for this but even so he couldn't control the swelling that choked him.
After a few minutes of their heated passion they pull away, Cas falls to his left and they stare at each other for a while, the soft glimmer in both of their eyes reflecting the same drunken and dazed adoration they felt for one another. Castiel was the first to break eye contact because he got distracted by something near the top of his head. His eyes widened at the sight as he raised his voice “DEAN!”
“Of course! Haven’t you noticed how strong you’ve become? And how much you’ve begun to feel since we met? You were practically a robot then with a built in program”
“Oh, this? Just the usual shakes that’s all. Maybe because of driving all night?” He rubs his temple and sits down, his legs stretched towards his back
…” Castiel rubs his nose into Dean’s cheek and lets his forehead rub into the side of his face, it was so uncomfortable and unseemly of a position but it felt natural on the both of them.
“Yes, I feel the same way. Lets go”
Dean lets out a laugh as a tear leaves a shadow on his flushed cheeks-he hadn’t cried this much in years. Castiel was bringing out the sobbing mess he worked so hard to shove away but letting it out this way was bringing them even more closer to one another. Castiel settles himself on Dean, he feels the heaviness of his body on his aged bones and he feels a warmth course through him-sometimes in crashes and sometimes in mellow waves-all of it was Cas.
Castiel watched as Dean held in his rugged breaths as he finished his story, he could feel the horrified state Dean had described and he wanted to slap himself for asking him this question. Dean sniffed and stood upright once more and continued towards their destination, Castiel watched him from behind and felt pity for the man that carried the whole world on his shoulders. Was there even more to his story than he had imagined? Castiel wondered as he followed behind him slowly. His thoughts were beginning to muddle up in his head as he stared downwards, the tip of his boots were beginning to peel off and it felt as if the soles were partially loose as well, he was drowning himself with excessive thoughts and he felt like he lost all of the courage he had stored up for his journey.
-you’re one of the most flawed human beings I’ve ever met but even so you’re so capable of good and so worthy of…
Sam notices the worry in your wounded gaze- his rejection wasn’t something so known to you and it hurt, it hurt like a goddamn son of a bitch. Sam knew these thoughts were going through your head, he looks to you and places his hand on your shoulder- his grasp tight and firm on your jacket. You look at him, slightly teary eyed but compose yourself immediately when you meet his gaze.
“What the hell? Why would…”
“Yeah- but where the hell should we even start? This place is…” he ponders over his words and just abandons finishing his sentence- he couldn’t stop glaring at the door with his shaky puffs of smoke.
“CAS!” You scream into the void, hoping that someone would grab and pull you both out of here somehow- cut loose from the surface as you see the light in his eyes fade the deeper you fell.
It was definitely Crowley’s voice, Sam hummed.
Sam still peers through the glass catching glimpses of laughs and shouts- they all seemed content with everything happening around them- a small society reforming again even with everything happening- or was it hiding something more deadly than they could comprehend? Monsters were already difficult enough but a whole deterrent based community? Sam didn’t even want to think about tangling with people like them, and Dean shared his sentiments.
But then he spoke, in the same voice and tone that the brothers had known for years.
“Err, okay? It’s near the Tahquamenon falls out towards-”
“Save it. We don’t have time for something like this- if we intend on going together I expect that we go now, before any of you screw things up with your stupidity”
“I want to help out.” He speaks as his hand grasps onto Dean’s elbow “With, the plan?” he utters under his hesitant breath as he takes his hand back. Dean looks at him with his tilted head and squinting glare; he could sense a stern scolding from him about to burst.
“Yes. They can shape shift- Sam discussed it bef-”
Castiel watches the smoke swerve in the air-a thin grey ribbon just twisting to and fro as the ash keeps piling on, just staring at its movements were dulling out the thoughts in his mind. He chooses to look away and lets his eyes wander the campsite- he watches Sam fumble with a few books and parchments from the truck with Dean beside him- his brow furrowed and staring into his soul, or what’s left of it at least. Dean is saying something under his breath, Castiel could tune in and listen to his conversation but he chose not to- especially in the circumstances they are now. He rubs his hands and flecks the dust and ash off from his trench coat, he doesn’t know what else to do in a situation like this- the waiting and the silence was starting to get to him.
He raises his eyelids slowly, a little scared by the light that doesn't burn his eyes immediately. He blinks and teleports into a well lit bedroom, dark stucco walls that made the room a lot bigger than it was. A ceiling light above him enamored the room with it's pale yellow tint and made the white sheets of the messy bed glow, in one of the corners there lay an oak dresser with multiple drawers, a small mirror was attached to it and Cas drags himself towards it.
know that. We just like to wallow in our self-hatred a lot more than we’d like to admit…that’s all.
I sat at my usual seat, at the back of the class near the windows. It was my haven, it wasn't much but I found it much more comfortable than by sitting in the front where I would always be highlighted. The rain was starting to get rough today even though it was just 3 in the afternoon, I don't know how I was to survive a three hour class and then walk home in this godforsaken weather.
“I’m sorry, I just heard you and…”
He literally traced his steps. To the bus station. To the melted fence. And then-
“I kind of told him I’ll take him… to the Edge… with you?”
Castiel shakes his weary head, his eyes bearing a look of defeat and confusion.
Dean extends his hand out to him and watches Cas fondly, he had never seen this side of him and it was making him feel dizzy all over “Not yet, my Huckleberry” Castiel speaks as he mimics a deep voice, Dean tries to stifle a laugh but fails completely. It was a good thing Castiel turned around before he could see the reaction himself-he felt so stupid doing that-why did he think that would be funny?
of this. The apocalypse, The Collapse and everything in between-our lives would’ve been easier to waste away than watch it become…”
Castiel finally got out of his daze and realized that Dean was approaching him, out of fear he positioned himself in a defensive stance before he could get any closer. Dean clearly looked annoyed and he smacked his arms away and placed his hand on his neck, his thumb gentle on the bandage.
"Then why is yours the only one that exists? Why does it say that you've died when I see you standing in front of me? Is this someone else? Why do I know that it was you? What the hell is going... On?" Castiel smacks his forehead and falls lethargically, he would've fallen even more if Dean didn't interject and catch him. Castiel looks lifeless, as if something was draining him.
“Dean…”
I can't write smut y'all so I cant cater to your needs but I hope you enjoy me trying a bit-haha!
“I couldn’t keep my composure so….I kinda hid my face in your shoulder” Dean procures a large wooden box and pauses as he twists and turns the padlock suspiciously “I…I was embarrassed as hell. I mean…I’m not really…out there like that, you know? Not like you at least”
“Hell yes! I don’t know anything about cats, except that they bite and scratch shit”
"I'm glad that the two of you managed to come out of it. Sam should be waking up soon too but...something tells me that isn't the case. Your friend here also gave it a shot when we pulled him out of the rubble but he didn't show any signs of response"
“Guess I have to do it the traditional way” Sam pushes himself out of his seat and shuts the laptop off. Sam wanders to Dean’s room and starts fiddling with the things in his drawers until he found the object of interest. He pulls the runic lighter out of his drawer but is fascinated by a small wooden box tucked away in the corner. He didn’t remember seeing something like that in his room-was this new?
Ever since the Collapse there was no trace of the world they knew, nothing was left beyond the one they walked on. It had been six years since it happened but somehow Dean couldn't grasp it, even now. He understood the tragedy of it all-the noise, the shouts, the never ending list of traumas added onto their bleak existence- all of it was text book for them at this point.
Sam meets his slightly stifled glare, a small smirk appearing on his swollen lips as he does so.
He closes his eyes tightly and heaves a sigh of relief.
The pause continues again
But now they can’t.
“So you got any place to stay?” Cam speaks as she recovers from her bout of laughter
“What time is it?” Dean asks as he drives at a slow pace, his eyes shielded behind some broad frame sunglasses as his skin shines in the afternoon sun.
Dean’s voice echoed through the trees and Sam was pushed out of his thoughts again, he shook his head and shoved the trinket into his pocket, slightly disgusted by its muddy exterior. He dusted off the dirt from his pants and starts running towards the source of Dean’s voice, all the while trying to calm his beating heart.
“Like I said Dean, its Cas. There must be something else; for all we know he might’ve done all of this for us”
Castiel's moan echoed in the air and Dean got startled by his voice, he turns to face him in his sleeping bag and watches him wide eyed, hopefully not looking miserable at all. Castiel pursed his lips and opened his eyes slowly, the medicine still residing in his bloodstream. Dean gives an affirming nod with the raise of an eyebrow and Castiel responds with a warm drunken smile. His skin had more shades and color and full of life than it did a few hours ago.
“Okay Sam you remember any incantations we can use? Any protective spell?”
Sam shakes his head and steadily walks towards the front of the tree, he places the map from before and straightens the creases upon a flat rock and he procures three long wooden sticks that he ties to each other from one end- allowing them to stand perfectly over the map. Dean steps away from his diversion and stands behind Sam- who is twiddling with a small circular object dangling from a string “I can’t believe Bobby managed to have this contraption even after all these years, the damn hoarder” Dean comments as he crouches beside him, his chin inches away from Sam’s left shoulder.
“It’s only been half an hour at least” Dean heaved a sigh after stepping on further, Castiel could see that his breathing seemed unsteady because of the minute fever he still had and he knew Dean was not the kind of person to take a break that easily but he still initiated the talk either way.
“We need to evacuate right now! If what Hailey says is true we need to leave in the truck NOW. Where are the keys God damn you?!” A brunette with a braid screamed as she rushed towards Luther without hesitation.
I'll repeat it once more, for now and forever.
Tick tock tick tock!
“Dean!” Sam pulls my arm out of nowhere and he starts running, his bright smile hides something much deeper but his golden aura makes it hard to see through it.
Castiel’s eyes gaze upon him, a small smile breaking out from the colors that keep bleeding out, Dean only sees him, his spectrum of colors and the blue that stands out the most, he pleads from his eyes-he doesn’t know what he’s asking of him but he doesn’t stop. Castiel’s eyes radiate warmth as he smiles with an ache; he watches Dean and nods slowly in response.
Oh, I said the word.
“You really thought that way about me?”
“Can’t be a Winchester if one isn’t messed up in the head a little”
“So what are you trying to say, that these things can’t be killed?” Dean enunciates from one corner of a bookshelf, his voice rising the closer he got to where Sam stood “I never said that, but these things don’t have the information we need” Sam responds as he places a few pages in Dean’s hands, never noticing the ridiculous faces he was making by the audacity of the gesture itself.
“Cas…it’s okay. He didn’t ruin anything” Dean pulls the box towards him and inspects everything inside it; all were just as he had left them. Castiel cozies up to Dean and places his head on his shoulder as he looks inside the box “Is it okay for me to-? I can close my eyes” Castiel speaks and actually does close his eyes-Dean wants to kiss the cuteness off of him before he could burst “Don’t close your eyes! You can look at it. Sam’s clearly messed with it so…here-I’ll show you” Dean rubs his chin lovingly into Cas’ scalp as he pulls out a few photographs. He showed him his childhood photograph, a child with his bowl cut hair style and a young Mary Winchester, it was folded from the edges but he kept it well. He slides another one into Cas’ hand, this one was of Dean, Sam and Bobby-his aura the same as any bulldog he’s never come across.
“Dean, your fever’s getting out of control and you need to lie down!” Sam complains as he stood with his hands on his hips.
You sense something moist on your hand and turn to look at it slowly.
Castiel and Dean jolt by the vibration between them, Dean closes his eyes out of annoyance and straightens himself up on his knees, Castiel pushes himself up from his elbows and watches Dean pull his phone out “Tsk- Sammy” Dean shakes his head out of annoyance but he’s glowing “It’s actually pretty late, we can continue this in the bunker” he winks and sticks out his tongue as he starts dusting off the dirt and grass stains from his jeans. Castiel pouts and punches him playfully at the comment, he laughs freely and without guilt-it’s been eons since he did that.
“Cetus- of course, the constellation and-” Castiel whispers wide eyed- the stars swimming in his effervescent blues.
“Aargh! Get out of my head for once! Just let me…” he feels a tear trickle down his cheek, he holds his cat closer and breathes in the grassy scent lingering on his fur, feeling the night air trim away the tethers that pull you to the earth all over again, tethers that he kept pulling-nothing made sense anymore.
Jeff Buckley - I know it's over
To help him remember somehow?.
“Do you think that’s a bad thing?”
“Uh huh. Have you been out long? On the road?”
"Hey! I need an answer from you assh-"
"What the hell are you saying?" Dean glares as he finally manages to stand upright, as if the sand had never tried to swallow him a few minutes ago. Castiel stands with his mouth agape, the revelation still evident upon his slightly bloody lips "I remember you... I think... We were- we met-" he stammers as he rubs his shaking hand across his face, he looked 10 years older for some reason. The dry skin and heavy eyes that accentuated his personality felt so strangely...vague, but familiar to Dean.
Sam’s eyes widen as he takes a hesitant step back- Castiel and Crowley grow more confused as they walk towards them “You can’t be serious right? That was just some tourist trap that’s all there is”
“…Come home. Get a coffee, clear your head and give me an update every 15 minutes-before the rain gets any worse” Sam cuts the call before Dean could respond, his responses were already slow enough because of the buzzing in his ears. Dean rubs his face and places his forehead on the steering wheel, hoping that his pulsating pain would subside soon. He realizes after a while that he’s crying, it’s a strange reaction to have right now but he just feels empty, so burned out from the thoughts and images circling in his mind, no amount of liquor could manage to erase that-no matter how persistent he was to test that theory again and again.
“I’ve just been thinking about us”
“Castiel! You son of a bitch! Hear us if you’re out there, please!”
“It’s nothing really. I just feel like I knew some people who did that too” Castiel replied, a sudden sadness had invaded his voice and Dean became a little curious himself. He wasn’t tired yet so he allowed the conversation to go on for a little while longer.
Dean’s eyes were rejuvenated, it’s glitter began to spread and he gave out a smile, one of the smiles Sam admired for how honest they were, Sam gleamed back and watched Dean walk back to his mattress lethargically.
Dean gasped and bit his lip, he ran towards Sam's unconscious form and pulls him by his shoulder. He watches his brown hair flow gently from his dim eyes, he looked paler than he had remembered; Dean starts saying his name and shakes him profusely but he didn't respond. He places his fingers on his neck and his ear on his chest simultaneously.
"Alright"
“Arthur’s got the keys to the truck but we shouldn’t be planning our escape without a proper plan! We need to act fast before the demon comes here!” The husky voiced man erupted again.
Crowley sighs and shakes his head from disappointment “This isn’t my bloody job, just going back and forth between you lot” he rolls his eyes at a guilty Castiel. But he breathes slowly and responds with a gentle tone “Tell you what. I won’t rat on you-hell I won’t even mention finding you in general. I’ll stall as long as I can, maybe they’ll forget about you soon enough…”
“Who am I kidding? I have no idea what I’m doing, it seems I’ve forgotten how to talk to people” he smacks his head as he walks away and unzips his bag “I can only talk to cats now, cats, Sam and Dean” he sighs and hears his meows, begging for the treats he got him, his thoughts dissipate again and he forgot what he was saying “You always know even if you’re just hungry. I guess I won’t delay it any longer” Castiel spots a bench towards the northern side of the road and takes it quickly; he ruffles his hair and scratches the itch under his eye as he pulls the items out from the store’s tote bag. Dean bounces out and sits beside him, awaiting his treat as his eyes wander over the pie “I honestly don’t think pie is the best thing for your diet” he laughs as he places a small piece on the bench, Dean happily munches and licks away the cream and crust instantly “Well, at least you got what you wanted” Castiel sighs as he watches the warm sandwich in his hand and feels no urge to feed himself “What is wrong with me?” he murmurs to himself and pulls his eyes away from it. He watches the sun through squinted eyes as he steadies his breathing again, he feels a cool wind tickle his skin and his slightly soggy clothes-he reminded himself that he was due for a change, maybe before they head out again? That would be preferable I suppose. It seemed like they were in the middle of a desert from where they sat, the oat colored sand circling like waves by the wind-it was mesmerizing and depressing at the same time. Castiel looks at his withering shoes, the edges all torn and in dire need to be fixed-maybe even thrown out.
“Well I’m sitting at the front then”
I lowered my head and just stared at the marble sink, I supported myself by placing both of my hands on the cold material, my eyes refused to blink.
Song lyrics that I've quoted in this chapter:
“But what, Cas?” Dean slides into his view and blocks his way- his outstretched arms maneuver with his lightening reflexes “What is it that you’re not telling us?” Dean’s eyes look famished again as he peers into him- Castiel doesn’t avert his gaze either- but the very act of it made the static course through his veins.
“You think it works?” He chuckles as he pokes one of the wheels
“Why did you do that!? Why did you…” Castiel holds his head with an irritated grimace appearing on his lips “After everything…you still…”
“Okay-that’s it” Dean wraps his arm around his waist and lifts him up from the floor while his other arm supported his frozen legs “Dean! What are you?!” Castiel retorts as he buries his face in Dean’s neck, he didn’t even want to open his eyes as he carried him to the bed and placed him slowly. He’s shaking in his arms-he doesn’t want to but his jittery body didn’t feel like it could contain the emotions surging through his veins. It was all too much
“I…” he breathes with difficulty “I… promise”
Your eyes bear a puzzling look, you never delved into books such as these, only enochian scriptures or spells and incantations, so what was this about? You shake your head but the puzzled expression still lingered. You slowly put the book back but a twinge in your chest made you think otherwise.
And waited.
“Yeah…this was a bad idea” He shuffles in the dark and takes his auburn jacket from the dresser “You can…you can leave if you want but I’ve paid for the room so…” he comments groggily as he fumbles with his jacket. After he finally manages to get it on he rushes through the door, not even stopping to hear the girl retaliate about the rain.
“Sammy…?”
“I have to try Bobby! UGH, I CAN’T KEEP PLAYING IT SAFE ANYMORE!” Dean’s voice cracks as he gets closer. Within two heavy steps he manages to reach Castiel’s body and pulls on his sleeves harshly but they came off in his hands while his body still levitated
“If you had just listened to me then there wouldn’t be any ‘going through’, but you refused to acknowledge that I was going through something too and it’s not just you- who chooses to brood and not talk about it!” Sam starts rubbing his temples as he frowns, Dean feels his guilt piling up again- was all of this because of him?
He was.
Familiar
Sam turns around and retraces his steps back into his own room once more, he shuffled around clumsily and starts searching for his notebook, where did I put that damn thing?
"Why do you act so surprised?" Castiel reacts in an aggressive tone, Dean turns and looks at him with vulnerable eyes with his loosened grip "You say you'd do anything for him, you've went through hell and back countless times for him without even thinking about how it would affect you. But once he tries to do the same for you... You somehow think of yourself as a burden-you really think that poorly of yourself? You really think he'd let you handle everything on your own? Well let me tell you this, Dean-that's what families are supposed to do! Go through hell and back for each other and not expect any kind of gratitude in return because a relationship like that doesn't need that kind of crap"
Dean closes his eyes from the agitation burning at his throat and gives out a large sigh, but surprisingly he answered much quickly than he had assumed.
“It may not but at least I won’t be in the dark about it! Dean everything we’ve been through in the past…I know how
I thank you all for your patience once again. I'll keep editing and making changes from the beginning-I'm glad you stuck around.
He regrets sitting here alone.
“Alright, alright cheap David Bowie, can you cut to the chase already? I’m kinda on a time limit”
That’s what I said when I pulled you out from hell all those years ago. I remember picking out every piece of you, all your thoughts and your aches, everything within the palm of my hand. I was a part of you before you even knew me…I felt you and it scared the hell out of me…holding something so precious and good. All I could think was ‘This is someone I rebuilt, someone I managed to hold together with every instinct telling him otherwise, I managed to save someone who never saw anything beyond his broken reflection’… That’s what I always wanted, to bring your broken pieces back to you and save you all over again. But you gave me much more than that, you gave me a
“Just stay still, all of you” he breathes slowly as he places his hands on yours and Sam’s chests.
“From what, Cas? What’s coming?”
You flail your arms about, as much as your burnt body and trench coat allowed you to; you couldn’t fathom anything, couldn’t process anything. Sam wasn’t breathing. Dean wasn’t breathing. So bloody and tuckered-so laid about like a red silk ribbon in a tree branch, so broken, the brothers lay- the brothers lay- the brothers lay – All is now grey- All is now grey- All is now grey-
“Well, yeah. I had a drink or two. Maybe more, but why does that matter? I’m on vacation! Maybe I wanna make mistakes”
“Cas?”
He knew why.
Wait.
The rain drops were heavy on his head as he shuffles towards baby awkwardly, his hair soggy upon his forehead and his breaths paving a smoky path in the air-he felt nauseas by the beer and rain smell from his clothes but he couldn’t….what was he thinking about again?
They were peering over a small town, most of the buildings were blown over- bricks dismantled and pouring over on the dirt- a reckless mess with people scattered about all grey from the dust and gunpowder Sam assumed. Dirty tents were laid about where many were storing their belongings; some even had trucks stuffed underneath them. Where were they getting all of these things?
He decides its best that he looks up now.
Sam's eyes spark and Crowley instantly regrets ever letting him into the house.
“And…you’re going to? Just like that?” Sam raises his eyebrow and catches glances between Dean and Cas simultaneously.
There wasn’t much time left.
They both got quiet again. Dean shut the radio off and continues to stare at the never ending road, he held back from driving faster even with the growing headache-not to mention risking the gas especially if they got lost. He looks at Castiel who was drumming his knees with his fingers, he was unconsciously humming to some tune until he looks back and stops once he made eye contact.
“We never even called him up for that hunt, so why was he even there in the first place?”
Sam narrows his eyes and grins, showing as less teeth as possible least of his teeth "Heh, no one I can trust... Enough"
“Are you kidding me? You know how dangerous that place is- you know and-”
“I’ve mourned you, I’ve been mourning you for years it seems; we started drifting apart years before any of this happened. We had this strange unhealthy dependency on each other that no one could grasp, like hungry feral wolves that would tear each other apart…we kept changing and not for the better”
"Okay so note down my address, and I'll tell you what time is suitable. Capisce?".
That suddenly reminded him, where were his god damn shoes?!
Almost as if he knew, Dean smiles so wide that it was borderline forced. He would try every trick in the book just to convince someone that he's all hunky dory.
“The damn son of a bitch! And to think we were going to rescue your ass” Dean bickers under his cold breath, somehow the shivering in his voice gone and replaced with anger
Well, not yet at least.
“You can gawk later; help me take this stuff out”
“He was right there…right here in my…and even then I couldn’t…
“But you…”
His shaky fingers slide onto the edges of the crumpled paper, he flips it to the other side and reads the familiar clean handwriting.
Crowley felt the aching bulge in his throat burst out and invade his jaw, the strange aftertaste made him feel like swallowing his tongue.
“Hey, hey… What’s wrong with you?” Castiel pulled Dean towards him and wrapped his arm around his shoulder; he could feel Dean’s excessive body heat as he watched him shudder “I’m fine, let’s get going” Dean replies sluggishly before he passes out. Castiel sighed and let Dean’s tired body fall onto his as he dragged him away from the wreckage, he was getting tired and he knew they needed shelter before nightfall. A sense of panic rose in his gut but he didn’t have time to ponder over it. Dean was heating up pretty bad and he needed to lay him somewhere no one would search.
"I..." Castiel's voice reverberates in the onerous air that surrounds them, the absurdity of it all keeping them tethered to one another
It still felt like it did
and you never
"This is the graveyard Sam drew for us. Do you recognize this place?"
Never change.
“Hey, when I make a plan I
“You mean… literally walk on cars? And use them as a bridge?”
“No-no that’s not it…” Dean mumbles into his chest and continues to do so-the act made Castiel blush and he only held him more tightly as a reaction “It’s just…I dunno how to react to it now because I wasn’t prepared enough…I just…I don’t really do well with compliments”
“You said you didn’t trust me”
“Hey listen. I’ll be heading out for a few hours-some of the stuff in the pantry is expired and I need to go get some more-I can see that you’re moving from the tracker so I assume you’ll be back pretty soon. So…call me back when you get this and I’ll keep you updated. Bye” he clicks it off and walks away towards the staircase, his heart a little settled as he leaves the bunker with a faint sliver of hope rising at the back of his mind.
“How could you keep all of this from me?” Dean adds in his dialogue, Castiel ruffles his hair a little more with his free hand and places it on his face right after. He suddenly starts to smile, his teeth like pearls upon his brittle lips.
Replaced
“Oh yeah-you see him anywhere, huh? What is he going to do about it?” Dean comments with his outstretched arms “Hey Cas! Sam actually thinks you’re going to scold me or something! Hah!
him! I honestly couldn’t believe the words until I was able to see you for myself. And well, look at what we have here…” Luther continued his speech as he walked circles around him. Dean was choking on his own blood before he managed to pick himself up from the ground, spitting out the excess blood as he did. He glared at Luther and tilted his head slightly, clearly showing him his tough side
Balthazar stared with no ounce of remorse, he simply chapped his lips and looked annoyed by Castiel’s hesitant tone- how has he managed to live this long with them and still feel like he didn’t belong? Was he missing something?
“Whoops, well I guess you jammed it real good Cas. Real good” Dean beams with his smug grin; he makes himself comfortable as he stretches his legs about, leaving close to no wiggle room for Castiel.
of an act it was, to just erase everything and bring you and Sam back-completely tampered with and nowhere to go but…somewhere far from me”
Sam rolled his eyes, completely bemused by his explanation “Sacrificing and being stupid are two separate things, you literally jumped out of the truck!”
“Anyways…” Sam interrupts, his stare awkward at the interaction between the two fighting over food “Yes. You slept all the way here”
And yes I wanted Cas to have a cat and yes I wanted him to be named Dean. Suck it.
I was saved.
And drops
“I just… I just want to live- that’s all I want”
“Yeah, I can guess what that one thing might be”
Cas? Are you with me?
"Because we... Knew each other before the... Collapse" He finishes
He closed his eyes tight and places his hand on the door handle.
Wait, get up?
“He made me think that he…. does it matter, really? Nothing matters” Dean chokes on his words and Sam sees him struggle to breathe, whether it was from anger or sadness he couldn’t really grasp it, it was always a strange grey area with Dean.
But he still reaches out to him, even with the turmoil stirring in their minds.
“Of…”
A woman of short stature stands with the tent’s cloth in her hand- she’s frozen too- but unlike the dazed Winchesters, she chose a less subtle approach to the situation.
He stopped.
“I have nothing to gain from lying to you”
They stand their ground even with the agonizing stimuli that preceded them but a familiar, unconscious figure makes them stumble.
“I need to know, what is it that you want from us? You can do with me as you please but I plead, let them go. You have nothing to gain from them” You scream through the gusts of wind; hoping you’d finally get a chance to retaliate.
He stands alone, and starts to speak.
Castiel was perplexed by this man and how assured he was. Is he for real? Just because of a hunch?
Dean watches you cautiously, his eyes wandering every inch of your face as he waited for you to continue
Dean turns his head around in a frenzy trying to take in the world around him, his body another shadow in the darkness just twisting to and fro- he then notices the other two profiles squabbling on the floor, one large and one small.
"That..." Dean croaks as he places his hand on Castiel's, the small contact made his temperature flicker, his battered self feeling a little vibrant in this bleak interior.
That's lunacy, and highly inaccurate.
“No more goodbyes, I’m sick of it…just…just stay? That’s all I want now, all I ever need from now on. So just…” Dean clutches onto him, a clingy hopelessness seeping from his hands as it touches Castiel’s frigid back. He struggles holding his body as he shakes his head, the green pools only filled with grief and anguish as his hands kept slipping-as Castiel felt lighter in his heavy heart.
And cleanse your soul, cleanse your soul
Nothing exists beyond this point
It seems your human vessel cannot protect you either! Humans are such wonderful things to play with. But we still prefer terrorizing you from your fragile minds! They stop burning you and you dangle lifelessly in their grasp- the mucus and saliva in your throat lingers as you swallow in some air, your eyes bulge out towards the endless sky and massive drops of tears soothe your skin- a few even fall upon your burns, it’s saline warmth easing you for that brief moment in time.
. He watches the dim glittering sky as the clouds dance in his eyes- he hears nothing in the wind other than the slow flowing water hitting the rocky river floor- it tends to stretch out from here- he wondered if this would lead towards a beach but for some reason he protested the idea and refused to go on further, no matter how much he really wanted to.
“The day this all happened I was actually pursuing you boys for a favor- you see hell was kind of cutting some loose ends and long story short I needed you to find me some names on a list, or maybe I was bored? Who’s to say really? Anyways none of you picked up my calls so I ended up looking for you. The bunker? Empty; at first I thought huh, are they ignoring me? Are they actually trying to get on my bad side? Because even after everything I don’t expect them to-”
They discuss their misgivings and doubts and everything in between
I man up and lift my head up, and just melt away into his eyes. His stares were controlling me as if I were some puppet.
“Alright, good enough; I thank you for your help and guidance”
The ‘boss’ ordered one of his minions to take off the cloth from Dean’s head, the friction against his skin left a burning sensation and Dean winced internally by the forced contact. He blinks his eyes rapidly at the sudden light that entered them, through his blurry sight he could make out a few lit up and a lot of people dressed strictly in black. He licked his lips and stared at the man in front of him a few steps away. He wore some run down leather pants with some second grade quality boots to match; his grey undershirt was slightly torn from its neck line as he tried to cover it up with several necklaces that hung around his thick neck, the chains and random trinkets jingled as he placed his head in his pale bare hands. The sinister brightness in his eyes had brought back several not so fond memories and Dean found himself holding back a growl.
Castiel drifted off again and placed his hand on of the dry barks of a tree nearby for support; once he looked up he felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up.
that.
“Dean, Cas let’s just sit down and talk about this okay? Dean is just angry about, well… things. And there’s a lot to process here- especially the fact that you were able to resurrect not one but maybe a lot more. What’s concerning is-”
“What do you think he’s planning?”
“You’re  a pro- trust me” Dean rubs his hand on Cas’ thigh and grasps onto it gently, the touch brings out a satisfied hum from his lips and Dean feels almost weightless by the sound, his voice always did soothe him inside and out-but he was never going to admit that.
It was a kitten, all soaked and shriveled up in a soggy box.
“Luther, was it?” Dean replied as he twitched momentarily while he made himself somewhat comfortable on the ground, Luther pushed himself off of his throne and gave out a hearty laugh. He took a few steps towards Dean, laughing as he did and threw him off with a jolting kick to his shoulder. Dean fell to the ground, slightly paralyzed by the sudden contact and coughed uncontrollably as he hit his head on the dry floor, the crowd went nuts and hooted and hollered from the back.
“It was…not my intention to sound like that- but this is something I intended on doing alone”
"Cas"
I left the room and sighed as I stomped into the shower, something was pissing me off, I poured a huge amount of shampoo in my hand and started to lather it in my head. The smell of lemons invaded me, damn this felt good. But since this was a quick shower I couldn't enjoy myself fully. The stupid kid was coming over, even though i was the one who invited him I still think he's to blame. Why the hell did he have to be so dumb?.
“Things changed, like I said” Dean pats him on the shoulder and walks ahead of him, going towards the other end of the platform where the front of the train was “First you left for Stanford, then Dad left and then the apocalypse- and then Cas…so yeah, everything changed”
You thought it would seem a lot less intimidating when you got closer- but it made you feel a lot more frozen in your own skin. You look at the massive building that stretched upwards towards the cloudless sky- none of you could see the top of it from where you stood and it was freaking you the hell out. An old red clay like texture surrounded the walls of the place with white windowsills stretching out for miles and miles- this gargantuan of a hospital still stood firm in its place- regardless of it being abandoned for 6 years.
“Sam?! Where the hell are you?”
A habit he never outgrew sadly
“We’re both old, man. That’s why we need this today-heh-who knows if we’ll be willing to take a break later? Even with Garth, Jody and the others working on new cases…”
Even if he possessed god like features he was in no way a good teacher, actually he sucked, bad. But no one would actually go complain about it, half of our class is filled with girls and this was porn for them. I can't really say I blame them, he was quite handsome. He let us off early because he didn't want to see our *fugly* faces any longer, all the girls walked extra slow so that they could catch a glimpse of him while he waited for us to leave. I left my seat and started walking when everyone left, I hated it when it was overcrowded and it made me go rogue if anyone even bothered to see me and let me pass. I tried walking out of his class as fast as I could but it was too late.
The child gives off a snarky chuckle but Cas could feel the gentility behind it, it made him smile a little too “I guess I don’t have much to lose, what else is there honestly?”
“Why do you sound so scared all of a sudden? You know they’re all heretics, and how can you not be? Especially after all of this…”
“Dean, that’s enough. He has been through the same things we have. He didn’t remember either- you just can’t keep sayi-“
Nothing made sense to me anymore. I wanted to know so much more, I wanted to be so much more. But what?
Hence he's lying flat on the floor feeling like an idiot for standing up too abruptly. He places his shaky palms on the floor and manages to lift himself up from the bedstand, an unfamiliar one at that.
“The Winchester boys! You still aren’t dead I see! Ha-ha!” He bounced as he shook Sam and Dean’s hands. Sam always cringed internally whenever this man spoke and held back the urge to repeat his question. Dean smiled his fake yet believable smile and chuckled at the bouncy man’s greeting “Glad that we’re still in business eh?” Dean joked and the man erupted with laughter, once he was done with his usual fill he started to eye the bags that they had brought. Dean places his on the worn out table and shows the collectibles, the zipper only allowing him to peek through.
The halls seemed so much narrower and unreceptive as you ran through them while Sam followed swiftly, even with your fazed state you managed to lead yourself towards the right path and reach the meet up point.
Castiel lies unconscious beside him as the truck shuffled on the road, Dean's eyes flutter from the journal, his own crinkled map and then back on the road again, too many times than he'd like to admit. There was this strange wave of panic rushing over him and he knew he couldn't complain about it but it would've been nice to talk to someone about it.
“Cas?” Dean asks reluctantly. Bobby stares worryingly from the side and takes one step closer to poke his shoulder. Dean stares back at Castiel, his blue eyes vehemently looking at the wrapped object. “What the hell is wrong with him Bobby? Cas!? Talk to me!” Dean bellows as he shakes Castiel by the shoulders
He feels something inside him snap.
No one else.
"Ugh okay you know what? I am having a really shitty day so I think you should just go" I sighed as I rested my back against the  cushions. Cas lifted his face and kept looking at me with his squinted eyes. "Dude I mean it, just go already. You're free" I laughed.
Castiel placed his bag onto the dusty grey cushions lying on the floor, he rubbed his shoes on the carpet below and throws them in a shelf to his side, he points his hands everywhere without putting any effort in the gesture "Make yourself comfortable" he beckoned the visitor to a slightly comfortable orange arm chair on his right. The stranger copied his gestures and placed his shoes on the side as he entered deep into Castiel's home/tent. He filled half of a metallic mug with lukewarm water from a bashed up cooler and handed it to his guest and in doing so he finally met the tired look in the stranger's eyes. His skin was much clearer and fairer than he had expected and his furrowed brows and fox like green eyes gazed longingly at the mug as he drank it all in one swift breath. His parched lips and firm cheekbones radiated beauty regardless of it's hairy and haggard condition; Castiel was oddly satisfied after seeing the stranger's face. There was something familiar about him
He got up and started walking away
Everything fades away in the dust and the music that dims from the radio
“We need to move, Dean. So if you don’t mind” he clutches onto your hands and forces you to loosen your grip, you didn’t realize how much he’s been able to do that even if you didn’t want to. He stands up with ease and you keep your eyes locked onto his as you get up as well, your clothes covered in the black dust from Castiel’s trench coat.
"You are the only one I want to be with, I can only be normal if I'm with you, okay?. Isn't that the only thing that matters?. You have to let go of the fear Dean, keeping it inside of yourself won't help you, and neither will it help me. I promise I won't leave, I promise to be by your side and I promise to keep fighting as long as I can. So please just please.. Don't you ever leave me."
A yellow glow envelopes you and the brothers; even with the strain you power through the broken shards and piece them together. You feel them recover underneath you, their familiar groans almost make you smile.
“No, they never would’ve saved me if they did”
“After the blast of energy from Castiel Sam woke up almost immediately, as if whatever spell he was under finally broke” Bobby whispers this for some reason, maybe he feels daunted by the thought of it. “I don’t know about you boys but I think we have ourselves a very peculiar chain of events that we need to discuss amongst each other”
“No more…” Castiel smiles as he sighs heavily, his eyes wander over Dean’s face and cradles it one more time before he draws him close. This really was the last time he’d be seeing him, this flawed, beautiful mortal being who always drew him out even if he couldn’t do the same, this mortal being he would sacrifice himself for over and over again.
“We can finally rest a bit-maybe they have some pie for you to eat?” Castiel addresses to himself “I honestly don’t know why I bother walking everywhere. I know I can travel by my own means but for some reason I just don’t. Is that something to be concerned about? Becoming more human day by day?”
“You left Sam-you left…how…why would you-”
Castiel’s eyes reflect an unknown sadness, something Crowley picked up on instantly “Okay-okay I take that last comment back. Who are we kidding? They never get over anything; we wouldn’t love them if they did! But I’ll say this…don’t make the same mistake again. Things can be different if you play your cards right and honestly this might be the best thing for both of you-who knows how much of that grace can protect you out here. With them at least you have someone who you can fall back on-god I sound just like them now” Crowley winces internally at his comment, it brought a smile to Castiel’s face “Just…consider it before they lock me up and torture me for information again-just like the good old days” Crowley takes a few steps away and watches the wind blow through Castiel’s hair and coat, his face a little less strained from before “Oh and no promises on me telling them how you named your cat Dean. That’s just too precious for me not to squeal about” Crowley winks and waves with his fingers
Hurt, that’s one word Castiel would add onto his list- a Cas concocted by his former forgotten self- he hated every minute of this- every waking moment of these six years- he’s now realizing how tormented he’s felt since.
“You think testing me is wise?”
“That was never my intention. You know that”
“Really? I always thought it did” Dean hums near Cas’ lips but he makes sure they never meet “Is this it?”
“I think I remember now. Where I was and what happened”
“Who?” Crowley teases him lazily
“I know. You don’t have to say it. You just have to let us go, no matter how it hurts”
“What do you want me to say, Sam?”
The cold breeze was hitting my face as I ran through the empty streets,  my feet felt swollen inside my brown shoes even though i had no physical activity whatsoever. I pull my trench coat closer to my skin so that the wind doesn't hit me directly.
Your hands swirl the blade’s handle and you rush towards the elongated smoke of body. You evade it's sharp claws as it dives with reckless fervour. Your grace is gleaming and electric as it wraps itself around the blade, twisting like vines from your hand to its sharp edge. Your crisp wings unfurl and give you enough strength to take a leap, slashing your blade through the crack in its skull. The dark mist implodes and expels a massive gust of wind in the process, sending a strange jolt of pain in your back.
He feels his haziness fade and blinks excessively at a panting Dean. He stops talking as he watches him cautiously “Cas?” Dean shuffles on him a bit and grabs his face recklessly “Cas? Hey! Are you listening to me?” he worries as he shakes him a bit, the green in his eyes becoming dull the longer Castiel stayed quiet.
“He didn’t take them away from us, he just removed himself out of the equation- hence the missing pieces and fragments in our wrecked up brains. But that still doesn’t explain how he managed to bring all of us back? Even those who died long ago, no offense Bobby” Dean dwells over the idea, a worry arising in the line of his stomach. Bobby raises his eyebrow amusingly and gives off a small chuckle “None taken boy”
The same smile reappears on his lips, but one shrouded with unhappy memories, memories he’ll no longer have when he’s fixed everything. He didn’t want to erase himself- but at the same time he couldn’t force himself to be in their lives either.
The morning after.
Dean licks his lips and supports his slouched body by placing his hand on his knee “I am fucking fantastic. Perfect. Amazing. Never been better”
Castiel's thoughts stop, hell almost everything in his body stops when he hears that voice. It was a deep, old kind of sound. The heavy footsteps get closer and he had no other choice but to confront it, if things go haywire he knew where the shotgun was. He turns his head slowly and made eye contact with the source, the bushy beard was kind of a giveaway.
Until he finally manages to say something with a smile
Rubbing your eyes helped a little and you start to see clearly again. The grass you see now was a lot larger and thicker in comparison. There lay a massive open field surrounded by birch trees, the moonlight shines upon the slightly watery greens and what you see in the middle is what takes your breath away completely. Was this a dream again?
But before you could answer completely he was already off of the carrier and making his way towards the others- you stare at his slouched shoulders and the sullen expression he wears. Dean readjusts the items from their bags as Sam turns to look at you and then look away- his lips moving- most probably asking something.
"Hey."
“Good?”
Sam enters with his head low and his jacket a little soggy from the morning rain-he was driving all night towards his destination and back. He managed to make the trip to the police station up north where there may have been a sighting, the fence was burned and everything- it all checked out but the skeptic in him was having a hard time coping with his misgivings. He reached a local gas n sip and the clerk had no idea who it was after seeing his picture.
Dean was too focused to pass on a remark so he chose to ignore him for the time being, he was actually a little concerned over the unstable weather condition. The clouds were the same, he thought, his stubbornness clearly at its peak. It honestly didn’t seem like a rainy day at least, maybe fog? Dean straightened his back as he kept on walking towards a trafficked road up ahead, regardless of how wide it was the massive cars and bullet proof vans were blocking even the most cramped up spaces. “I used this road to cross over all those years ago, there may be another way to cross it but I’m not really sure where that path might be” Castiel spoke as he looked around for any other short cuts.
"You need to stop blaming each other for everything that has happened over the years and start fighting for each other again. What the two of you have..." Castiel stops, he felt his jaw loosen and his stomach turn with his constant dabbling, Dean drew in closer and started patting Castiel's cheek but he remains unresponsive "Castiel, okay... Okay I'm sorry... Hey? Are you okay? I'm sorry for being a pussy but you need to respond...Cas?" Dean continues as tears began to fill Castiel's eyes. Dean gazes at him, completely confused as he tries bringing him in closer, trying haplessly to pull him out from his shaken state
"You know that's not it Bobby" Dean erupts and stares at the older man "I'm fucking confused" he stands and phases between Bobby and Castiel- any place that was far away from the corner. Castiel sucks some air through his teeth and let's his lungs rest until Dean started speaking again.
"Hey hey hey. Don't worry okay?."
“Was…was it something I did?
“Ours?” Sam adds in as he stands between Castiel and Dean “We know that you and your friends can be dealt with, you want us to test that theory?”
Castiel laughs a bit at his comment, his tears lingering in the corner of his eye as he watches Dean endearingly. He stares back the same way, the creases around his eyes deep and his lashes golden even in this bland domain “We’re all levels of fucked up-but giving up on each other was never really an option for either of us. We saw someone
“So, before… all of this. What were you like? I mean, you had a family or a job or something?”
Castiel treads towards the stone bench and places himself abruptly-his hands gripping onto its curvature as his head hangs low with a furrowed brow. Dean struggles inside his pocket and pulls himself out. He stretches and places his paws on Castiel’s hand, gently nuzzling against it as he places himself on his lap-his orange bushy tail wagging under him “You always know when something’s bothering me don’t you?” Castiel smiles and looks at his twitchy whiskers and his crystalline eyes. He doesn’t restrain himself and embraces his fuzzy friend tightly-so warm he feels in his arms! He already feels his thoughts fade.
