“Too right. Instead you will have a confession.”
But what John was really afraid of was Sherlock’s softness.
But he didn’t, remaining here against his better judgement, because the silken memory of Gregory’s words has completely ensnared him.
[Challenge accepted. SH]
John freed one of his hands, putting his forefinger on Sherlock’s lips and asking for his silence.
“Oh, hello there!”
He stared at the living room where he could discern, if he wanted, thousands and thousands of traces left by Sherlock. From the bullet holes in the wall until the chipped mug, on which Einstein was forever sticking out his tongue, in the draining rack.
Should he wait until they were seated at the restaurant to start talking and see where it goes from there?
Sherlock felt a wolfish grin creeping up on his lips.
And exciting as well.
Greg ducked his head, truly pleased with himself. Not every day you got to wake up in front of the man pulling the strings and convince him to say.
“And one more paper to sign…” Anthea said before putting the document on his desk, right in front of him.
“I don’t want one of your lackey jobs, Mycroft! Go away, now.”
He moaned, canting his hips up, breaking the kiss.
You’ve just kissed, you didn’t have sex – not yet. But you don’t really care.
And all this within a few hours.
He was then treated to a rare sight – Mycroft Holmes rendered speechless, eyes wide, cheeks turning red.
He didn’t know what Anderson has done to deserve such a harsh judgement, but one thing was sure – he wouldn’t like to be in his shoes.
“You’re not going to tell them?”
On this we are in agreement, Doctor Watson, Mycroft thought.
Joan rolled her eyes at Sherlock’s shocked face.
You were the only one and you enjoyed this, savouring each deduction, each discovery like you would sip at a fine wine.
“Maybe it was.”
Rosie raises her head a little. It’s on the tip of her tongue to ask what they’re talking about, but Papa chooses this moment to get up from his seat, a radiant smile on his lips like he has won the lottery. It doesn’t bode well for her.
Who knew that Sherlock could inspire such feelings?
“You didn’t intend to call me, did you?”
“I can imagine.”
He sighed. Ok, the –
"Wasn't me?"
[Sod the tea. Come back to bed. SH]
Harry whispered in his mind.
Another gift, then. He wanted to scream with frustration. Which kind of sick fuck was playing hide-and-seek with him? To which end?
His blush deepens further while he’s desperately trying to find some excuse to justify his words. Problem is, he can’t find any. And he would love to say the opposite, but he does remember every one of his words. Words which have popped into his mind for a long time, first at random, then more frequently, until they became whole sentences. Sentences that he should never have written it down.
“I’m hungry. And you
And without waiting for John’s answer, he said “La question est : me fais-tu confiance, John?”
, quickly checking as soon as he entered the pub to see if he wasn’t seating in his usual place…
“You know,” he said, standing up again, his voice sounding quite nonchalant to his ears, “only three brands are currently marketing this type of safe. Two of them are American and as far as I know, they didn’t put any logo or whatsoever on their products…”
He was surprised to find out that her voice, even as sarcastic as it might reveal itself to be, filled him with a quiet joy. Like he was still a child, following blindly in his big sister’s footsteps, ready to believe anything she might say to him.
Easy to play the big brother in deep mourning.
“Oh, trust me,” John chuckled, “you don’t know what I want right now.”
“Rest assured,” Sherlock gloomily mumbled, “this is a lesson I’ll
“We watched plenty of Disney…”
“I love you, John Watson,” you whisper in his ear.
If Mycroft had been here at this very moment, no doubt he would have cast a horrified look at his younger brother before subjecting him to his concern in the disguise of scoffing remarks, jabbing and prodding until Sherlock snapped at him.
He padded over to the kettle, his morning reflexes getting the upper hand while his mind feverishly attempted to make sense of this mess. He tried to establish links between the various clues he had at his disposal. But the more he thought about it, the more he only obtained questions instead of answers.
Last chapter coming soon! :) Hope you've all enjoyed the ride so far :)
But Mycroft stayed put.
But he didn’t.
One look at Sherlock’s faintly flushed cheeks – that shower must be working after all – and John knew he was unable to face him.
As soon as John reached the wrought iron gates, he felt at ease. Above his head, a large board welcomed the bystanders to the Community garden. It was ensconced in the middle of a larger park/playground area, which was quite obviously a hit among the families of the neighbourhood, if John was correctly assessing the happy cries of children around him.
She shivered with anxiety.
Here, music was freedom.
John froze, as he was suddenly reminded of the dream he had while he was in his bath, the one which has broken his heart. The one after which he has cried and begged his subconscious to let him forget everything about Sherlock Holmes.
A whole world contained in a single syllable.
He closed his eyes, trying to delete everything which has just happened.
And so was Greg, quietly observing the Ice Man that he often dreamed of relieving of his Savile Row tailored suit before kissing him into submission.
“You see, my family has always been very well-versed in the fine arts. My mother is teaching history of art at la Sorbonne university and my father… (She turned her palms upwards, as if she could encompass the whole house) I’ve inherited from him my admiration for Renaissance works and a certain taste for the mysteries… which are clearly abounding as far as Da Vinci is concerned!”
John nodded, not trusting himself if he dared to open his mouth.
“Take it back, take it all back, I forbid you to…”
How pathetic, he thought. How perfectly inadequate. He had to try again, to try better, he couldn't just say that and expect...
John has fled.
John refused to acknowledge the jealousy strongly burning in his heart. He had no right to feel this way, he told himself. Not when he has been such a coward.
“Of course.”
Then John would have slowly brought up the box before getting down on a knee and finally saying the words he has thought about for months now.
Of course, every mistake is mine :)
“With your bloody smart suits and your bloody speech and your bloody way of calling me “Detective Inspector”…”
From this moment on she has applied two rules as regards her relationships.
Sherlock was lost. He wasn’t even aware that he was moving until he felt the wall of a nearby house against the hand he has put on John’s head, stroking his hair.
“We’ll catch him before,” Irene retorted.
Despite his inner turmoil, John can’t help but chuckle.
Even with his back on Sherlock, John didn’t doubt it was him.
She didn’t carry on, biting her lip and staring at her shoes.
Harry smirked at him.
Not that her flatmate owed her any kind of explanation.
Irene groaned. That was really not her day. First the botched job - even if, according to what the police’s team sent to the suspect’s flat has found there, it was very likely he was their harasser – and then the frankly ridiculous way she has injured herself.
Angelo’s was your typical Italian restaurant – red and white gingham curtains on windows, a lit candle on each table and soft, romantic music broadcasted by the speakers well hidden among the artificial plants. Even the owner, a middle-aged, dark-haired man who greeted them both with a bright smile, a white apron tied around his rotund stomach, seemed to be taken straight from
Still, he resented this. Why couldn’t Sherlock suddenly appear on the 221b’s doorstep, imposing himself once again upon John’s life and pulling him over until John was captured in his orbit? Deep down he knew he was irrational about it, but he couldn’t help himself.
“Yeah, Mycroft, as in Sherlock’s brother, in case you’ve forgotten. You know, the tall, stuffy, pompous and not very pleasant guy you inexplicably seem to have a soft spot for?”
Up. Down.
liked about you?
– Sherlock has a website.
John has been left speechless, staring at the DI.
Your heart was racing in your chest but still, you didn’t dare to hope for more.
She winked at him.
As sole answer, John kissed him again.
“You’re hurt.”
“And I don’t want to!”
“John…”
He barely remembered going back to his flat, shuffling along the way, his mind still reeling from the shock of this unexpected encounter.
“I remember Mycroft offering me once a book describing every achievement of his for my seventh birthday,” Sherlock added. “One of the best gifts I’ve ever received.”
John shook his head, glancing at the surroundings. They were finding themselves in a quiet cobbled street, at the top of a steep slope. When he turned on his heel, he could see the city shining down below. He hasn’t paid any attention to where they were going, John thought with a guilty flush. Something that Sherlock didn’t miss, considering the smirk on his lips.
You know what they say about the cat and curiosity ;)
But that wasn’t the case.
“He’s the former curator, yes,” she quietly answered.
Once again, Mycroft’s cheeks became tinged with red. A sight which sent Greg’s mind into the gutter, this time.
Molly sighed. It wasn’t the first time she told herself this.
“He wasn’t supposed to see you.”
They weren’t dancing anymore, lost in their own little world among the anonymous crowd, the throbbing lights sporadically illuminating their faces.
A certainty which was shattered as soon as his gaze met John’s across the room.
“I know you’re a soldier. I know you killed for me and that you can handle yourself in a fight. I never took you for some delicate flower.”
Almost.
“Brilliant deduction.”
“God!”
“It’s completely unnecessary and…”
They still haven't done the deed, so to speak - but Sherlock wasn't overly concerned. At first itwasn't the right time and afterwards, when they grew more intimate with each other, it was a lack of opportunities rather than something missing between them.
– snog he has shared with Sherlock –
and in the meantime... Why don't you enjoy an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855 :-)
“My… Oh right. I’m afraid I forgot again to check it, you know.”
“When I came in earlier and you spotted me on the landing, you were downright annoyed. You didn’t expect me back so soon and you didn’t intend to let me know where you were going with this piece of shit, is that right?”
Sherlock didn’t seem to hear him, his tall figure soon melting in the afternoon crowd. John remained glued to the spot. How has this turned out so ugly so quickly? He felt his cheeks heat up and his heart jumping into triple time when he remembered Sherlock’s shouting “You were jealous!”.
He immediately opened the packet, discovering inside a mobile phone as he has expected.
He hasn’t considered the fact that by doing so, he has been as blind as the poor fools he loved to make a mock of.
John’s cry of protest was drowned by his lover roaring “NOT HELPING!”.
“You asked me to kiss you…”
In which Mycroft is meddling (and there's still angst!)
The undeniable fact that he was way more than what he was pretending to be.
“What?” John cried out, eyes widening in astonishment. “That’s insane!”
“Shut up”, she growled.
“Unhand me right now,” the illusion growled in a threatening manner.
“The fact that I’ve stopped dating should have been telling, don’t you think?” John couldn’t stop repeating the well-rehearsed argument. He paced up and down the street, biting his nail nervously while waiting for Greg’s answer.
He was getting so worked up about his short-lived oversight he nearly missed Sherlock’s answer, spoken in a velvety voice which left him in a flutter.
Irene made a wry face.
He briefly glimpsed Mycroft’s little smile before there were lips on his and no words were needed any more.
As I said before, as far as I know, the Islington CG doesn't exist. I was inspired by the Culpeper CG, whose website you can find here:http://www.culpeper.org.uk/
A warm touch on his hand made him jump in his seat. He shot a startled glance at John, who
Sherlock sighed again.
Sherlock’s gaze was shining with so much affection Joan could do nothing else but reach out and holding her close.
“Of course, my dear!” her date said. He flashed a last smile to Joan. “It has been a pleasure, Miss Watson.”
“I was thinking about you said.”
“Ross,” he replied, already feeling the weight of attention on him. An attention which was far from being benevolent. He fell on his usual stool, taking care not to be facing the counter where John and his friends were. He has spent endless moments speculating on the best place from which to observe him, finally opting for a seat allowing him an indirect line of sight. If he turned his head a bit on the right, leaning down, he could get very interesting glimpses of John.
Sherlock huffed against her skin.
Sherlock released her chin – not quick enough though that Joan couldn’t see the slight tremor in her fingers.
“Oh please, that’s nothing. You should have seen the state he was in when I was done with him.”
“Well, you’re not very talkative yourself. Or do you only speak when you’re given the permission to do so, Captain?”
“I asked you…”
“Sherlock, I need to tell you something.”
You never had a friend.
Your mind was buzzing with unanswered questions.
He should have been ashamed, letting it all go like that, bawling like a kid on the not quite clean floor, but Sherlock soon found out that, on the heels of the waves of misery and grief crashing into him, pain radiating in his whole body, came a gradual relief.
bed.”
“Mister Holmes,” she greeted him, holding out her hand, “it’s a pleasure.”
Let them call him freak. Twink. Fairy.
Sherlock turned to him, an odd expression on his face. Something akin to soft wonder and which made John’s breath catch in his throat. Goodness, as if he needed Sherlock looking even more gorgeous than usual.
Fuck, no. No more misunderstandings between them, no more things left unsaid. Not when they both seemed so close to finally take this last bloody step remaining between them.
[Oh, I see. Our morning “cuddle” wasn’t enough for you, then.]
I'm ashamed.
“It’s honestly fascinating work,” John cut his friend off before he could repeat everything he had told him about his research. John had heard quite a bit of it over breakfast and, while he did find it somewhat interesting, he was not so interested as to listen to Mik raving about it twice within an hour.
A strong grip on his arm stopped him from running away. Wat pulled at John and continued talking until John turned around to face him, “Of course, we would not agree to that. We would not give you up, ever. We sent the gold to the temple and we burned that letter. Yes, Tufaena knew about you, and his letter showed that he could find us wherever we went. But even after you were born a few months later—after your mother died in childbirth, after our family was weakened with the loss of her—he never came for you. And I would have fought to the death to keep you if he had.”
Harry huffed. “Give me your seed,” she said.
Sarah assessed John again, then shrugged and turned back to her work. Nothing in her voice gave away the annoyance that had shown on her face. “I think he might be cheating me.”
“We had to throw the seed,” John muttered, disappointment lacing his voice, “so we can’t plant a peach tree.”
“No,” Jaituna said shortly in response, and Sherlock had the feeling that she would have paled even more if she had not already been at her limit. “I mean that you are not a child of my womb.”
By the time they had filled the basin, Wat had finished with his net and they had sailed out to a suitable depth to throw it.
“No.” Sherlock told the snake, maintaining eye contact. He did not know what he was denying, exactly, but he did know that there was no need to look away. He was not a coward.  He would look death in its eyes, brave like a true prince of the empire.
There were fixtures at the top, carved rods that were sturdy enough for the mages who sat at the top to hold on to while the lord rode beneath them, enclosed. One particular witch caught John’s eye. He had dark hair, neatly cropped short like John’s—once he had grown old enough to truly tire of it flopping into his eyes—though, in contrast, his deep brown eyes had a manic fire in them that made even John want to glance away in discomfort. The mage’s gaze swung in John’s direction and held. John thought the sorcerer may have been staring at him. Then he heard Harry gasp, too, and was not sure the man was actually looking at any of them individually. A chill ran down John’s spine, and he was suddenly very aware that neither he nor anyone else in the marketplace had the magic to counter any enchantment the man might cast over them.
“In my opinion, it is a golden rule—”
There was a reason that his mummy was empress, Sherlock thought, feeling much better, if a little wrung out. Mummy really could fix anything.
“So, you’re also kind of my mother, like my godmother. My snake god mother,” Sherlock told Hadsana.
“What?” John was incredulous. “Harry, I
“Actually, Harry and I have had a bit of a falling out. I’m honestly not sure I would be welcome aboard the family vessel right now,” John said, chuckling as if it was a joke. Contrary to his words, John was actually fairly certain Harry would refuse to speak to him, let alone sail with him right now. “I was hoping that I might be able to put my limited healing knowledge to use, if you’ve got any work available.”
The Avengers have lost.
“Sherlock, return to your seat and we may begin the meal,” the empress spoke to him, but her gaze was on the courtiers she would be dining with, her youngest son already mostly out of mind.
For the gods’ sakes, he was 11 years old, not a complete idiot.
“I promise, papa.”
“Yes, it is not a new marriage. The ring is old, doesn’t fit her finger well—an heirloom, then, and lost weight with the strain of her pregnancy—but the skin around it is pale from lack of sun. She’s been wearing it for a while, then. Her stilted movements bely that the birth was recent, too recent for healing charms to have full effect, not that she would have been able to afford them.” Mycroft expounded with a hint of smugness to his tone.
“Ha, I am kind of a mess this morning,” Mik said sheepishly.
Most of his furniture had been pushed to one side of the room, against a wall. The only object hat was where he had left it was the bed, though it was covered with all sorts of junk that Harry or Wat had tossed there and probably forgotten about. He was tired, but he needed to at least clear off the bed before he could sleep here. His rigid military training had him biting back a sigh before he realized he did not have to suppress himself so much anymore.
Jim sends John to amuse a potential client. Things take a turn.
All in all, after making his way around to a few stands, John only had to spend money at the dessert stand. Even that was discounted, since the stall owner recognized that John’s father was also frequently at market, and simply asked for a discount for himself later. John returned to the stall with a packet of samosas, a dumpling-like filled parcel with minced lamb and vegetables inside—his favorite, and aloo tikki, a fried croquette made primarily of potato and curd, and spiced with onions and mint chutney—one of his father’s favorites.
That was when Sherlock knew he was going to die.
The mage had ascended onto the balcony where most of the servants took their meals. The servants always ate what leftovers there were from the nobles’ dinner, so it was convenient for their dining space to be close. In this particular dining room, a balcony had been set aside for the servants to dine, hidden from the majority of the dining room by large curtains. Since the majority of kitchen servants were still at work serving the nobles, the balcony was deserted.
“Oh, you knew about that?” Sherlock asked. “I had not thought that you were paying attention.”
Here is part one of your bi-weekly, semi-monthly trash. John is sweet and Sherlock is sour, perfect snacks for a movie but with no nutritional value to speak of.
Jaituna was appeased by this and turned away. Sherlock thought that Hadsana still looked sort of pleased at the thought that Sherlock thought of her as his godmother. He felt warm at the thought. He considered trying not to manipulate her so harshly in the future. Maybe he could whine a little less?
“But her marriage ring—”
By the time that John left the house, the sun was rising and he knew that Harry was late. Their neighbors would also be waking up around now, and John could only hope that he would be able to make it to the clinic in time to talk to Mik before he got busy. For all he knew, Mik’s business could be slow, but he would rather not take any chances.
As Sherlock reached the foot of the dais, he paused near Siger. Surely one last ditch attempt could not hurt anything.
Reader's Notes: No more music intros and outros for every chapter. You won't miss them, will you? I'm putting the whole recording up today, and I'd recommend downloading that, instead of the following chapters. As always, it's your preference.
Sherlock knew that Jaituna would always be first in Siger’s mind. The empire was his mother’s primary concern, and always had been. Mycroft was always harping on about freedom and privacy, clearly his priorities. Sherlock convinced himself that his mind was first for him, his most important thing. Sherlock knew his family cared about him, each one in their own different way, but he was not sure it was enough. Sometimes he did not want the weight of their care, of their pressures and expectation on him… but other times, Sherlock felt so alone. He wondered if they would even miss him if he was gone.
All this he pondered as he watched Mycroft and his fiancée. She squinted at his brother as if she could not make out his face clearly, features pinched in concentration. Sherlock heard his brother offer to procure a vision correcting charm for her—of course Mycroft would hardly deign to use his own magic for such a medial task—only for her to decline. According to her, her father was wary of foreign magicks in his home. Sherlock thought it might have been wiser for him to simply make fewer enemies, and certainly easier than maintaining wards that only allowed select magic to pass into his home.
Harry dark eyes widened almost comically. She was so surprised by the dejection in the response that she stopped walking immediately and turned to stare at her brother. “What do you mean, ‘Yeah’? You’re not going to fight back?”
If Sherlock was romantic, he would say that the moonlight sluiced across John's soft features. Sherlock is not a romantic, and his logic is even less so; the London streetlights are bright in this area, and their glow throws half of his doctor's face into shadow and the other into sharp relief. If the window was open, they would no doubt be inundated with the scent of London after a rain--petrichor, geosmin (less present this far into London, because there is less soil--of course), and the unique miasma of chemicals that comprises the city's ever-present smog. Its thick perfume surely awaits their departure from the building.
“Your face is just one big peach. You’re a big peach, John!” Harry tugged at the sleeve of his shirt with a laugh.
Mik shrugged and looked away. “My papa says. Mama disagrees. She says money is one thing, but power—” Mik gave John a sideways glance “—
I’ll see you when I can,
Sherlock respected his father. If Siger was subjecting not only himself but also both of his sons to this ceremony, then Sherlock figured that surely there must be something to be learned from it. He would try, at the very least.
your mummy, Sherlock. Oh, you poor dear. Come here.”
“Hello, is anyone home?” John called out. His father’s room was the closest to the front of the house and was the first door that John encountered. John knocked at the door, but there was no answer. He recalled that Harry’s letter had stated their father slept most of the day and wondered whether Wat had not answered because he was still asleep.
Author's Notes: And so we reach the end, my friends! THANK YOU for your endless support! It has meant the WORLD to me. Your feedback is so appreciated.
As Sherlock watched, a face emerged slowly from behind the woman’s head. Based on his clothes and the way he was holding onto the woman, it seemed to be the ghost of the woman’s husband, the late farmer. The apparition stepped forward a bit at Sherlock’s command, but would not release his wife’s shoulder.
John looked over at his father and saw that Wat was also trying to see out into the street. Harry was still huddled into their father. John noticed that she had gripped a handful of Wat’s shirt tight in her fist, and the choking grip mirrored the one she had on John’s hand, so tight that he fully expected to have bruises in the places that her fingertips pressed claw-like into the back of his hand. Harry’s eyes were squeezed shut so hard that the corners of the lids looked white and bloodless.
When Wat approached, John just pointed to Harry. Wat laid a firm hand on her upper back to draw Harry’s attention, and she turned toward him, swift and sharp like a whip.
Try to overpower the mage, and then force the man to information from him? What the spell was on, what the spell was, and how to counter it, all before the pitcher reached the table—no, Sherlock did not have that kind of time. And that was assuming that he was able to subdue the man who, although Sherlock had faith that his own education in magicks was more thorough, could command foreign magic that Sherlock could not understand himself. That would make defending against the mage’s spells difficult. So even if he could take the man down, in that short period of time—unlikely—could he trust the man to tell him the truth about the spell he had cast? Sherlock could place an honesty geas on him, but that was risky and would take time Sherlock did not have. No.
Tufaena tapped the side of the paladin and they resumed their progress. Once the carriage was mostly out of sight, Harry released her breath in a loud exhale. John turned toward his father.
That was when he began to hear it. It was a rumble, distant at first, but what drew John’s attention was Wat’s reaction. Wat dashed out from behind their stall and toward Harry. He grabbed her arm and basically dragged her back behind the stall and underneath the tarp overhang. They ran into the tanner’s shop and crouched away from the entrance. Many who were further back in the shop began to mimic them, though John had no idea what was going on.
Sherlock checks John's other haunts. It's quick work. There aren't many. And there's no John.
When Sherlock had been much younger, his mother had read a fable to him every night. As he had begun his studies and learned how to read, she had him read the story to her instead. Sherlock began reading the fairytale about the gardener who had befriended a bear, when he abruptly remembered his own adventure in the garden earlier that evening.
He really
John knew that his tentative control over his anger often made him say harsh things when enraged. This was not the time for that kind of slip up. He truly wanted to avoid adding that kind of fuel to this already tense situation but knowing it and being able to do it were two different things entirely. John wanted to end this argument soon in order to avoid making it worse.
Appeased, Sherlock vowed to research as much as he could about the snake god’s magic at the nearest opportunity.
A thickly keeled body slithered over his hand, wide enough to obscure the entire back of his hand. Sherlock yelled and flinched away, drawing his hand up and unseating the echis carinatus, the saw scaled viper. It was yet another one the four deadliest snakes in the empire and it was gazing at him too, now. To Sherlock’s count, that was three of the four deadliest snakes his land could claim; he did not feel it was necessary to stick around and see whether the pit offered the complete set.
Home. He had been back home to visit since his abrupt departure ten years ago, but only to visit. Not like this—not to stay.
“I really am glad to have you on board, John,” Mik repeated, looking away from where he was washing himself. “You should wash up, too, and grab one of these for yourself.”
“Sure, thanks, papa.” John answered, and he and Mik watched Wat resume his quick steps toward the icehouse.
It had been built in the spirit of a garden maze, though it lacked the complexity to be a true maze. It offered five, maybe six turns before a guest would find themselves back at the beginning of the maze. With that fact in mind, Sherlock hoped that the close quarters might slow the man down and give Sherlock the chance to corner and/or incapacitate him. He briefly considered simply waiting at the entrance of the enclosure for the man to reemerge. His impatience and uncertainty won out over that decision, and he pursued the man into the maze.
One of John’s favorite parts of the days he went to the market was the food. It was so varied because the established restaurants that resided on the street served very different fare than the vendors who lined the street with their stalls. The restaurants offered food for families, multiple courses including tea and dessert. The vendors often walked the length of the street multiple times, peddling their wares to passerby. Some sellers were so aggressive that they almost shoved the parcels into customers’ mouths, eager to share their food with others.
Sherlock’s success at casting had happened in the nick of time. There was less than two feet of space between his body and the floor when he used his arms to bank toward the servant carrying the pitcher. His rapid swerve left no time for the servant to react in defense, so Sherlock collided directly with the woman.
Chapter title from "We Can't Stop" by Miley Cyrus.
John came back to himself when his feet crossed from the lush soft grass to the hard, dusty clay of the street they lived on. John lived in a relatively busy district, though not so busy as the neighboring district that held a bustling marketplace. The dirt beneath his feet had been packed down hard by numerous feet over many years. They passed his friend Mik’s home, and then their direct neighbors, Muhammad and his wife, Chala.
The feeling that realization arouses in Sherlock is heady.
Sherlock did not waste any time. He pointed up at the balcony where the mage stared down at Sherlock. “Up there! Arrest that man! He enchanted the wine!”
Harry was screeching next to him, “What’s going on? What the hell’s going on, papa?!”
“Nothing, I’m just bored.” Sherlock said.
“Ah, no,” Jaituna tsked, and wagged her finger at him. “Go to sleep now, Sherlock. I will sleep in one of your other rooms tonight, nearby so there will be no more mischief. From assassins, or from you.”
Mik walked even further toward the rear of the building and beckoned John to follow. When Mik opened the back door, the young woman was there. She began striding confidently into the clinic as soon as Mik opened the door. Now that John could see her fully, he saw that she had a quiver of arrows on her back and a bow secured by a strap. She pulled a sled of freshly killed animals into the clinic behind her.
“Not now, John.” Wat’s voice was uncharacteristically curt, and his tone was hard. “Not now.”
Siger had turned to look over at them at Sherlock’s outburst. Mycroft, who was turned toward Sherlock, did not see Siger. Sherlock knew that his father was curious about what Mycroft would say, although his facial expression remained impassive.
Sherlock was a little intrigued by that, and he wondered if he could plot some way to get his nanny to do the same for him. He was undecided whether he truly wanted to, but could he actually manipulate her successfully into doing so? Already he had convinced her that the small amount of rice he had eaten was sufficient.
John hesitated for a moment but then reached out a hand and briefly laid it on the wooden box. The wood was smooth and cool beneath his hand.
“Do spare me the obvious things, brother mine. I’m sure you’ve noticed her limp?” Mycroft’s loftily replied, sounding uninterested though the sharp focus of his eyes upon the woman betrayed him.
“Well, you’re a plum!” At this, Harry’s expression mirrored John’s harassed one. The two stared at each other for a moment, still, before simultaneously bursting into laughter.
“Your Majesty!” Sherlock’s nanny cut in abruptly, interrupting the empress’ speech. “You said you wouldn’t—”
“Hey, there,” John said casually, “I’m John, Harry’s brother. She’d like some of your samosas.”
Sherlock settled back under his linen. Jaituna turned to leave the room, pausing only to say, “Make sure he sleeps, Hadsana.”
By the time the sun began to set, most of the fish were gone. Harry took to walking the street, hawking their wares at lower prices for all the straggling customers. John was about to try talking to his father again, to see if he should start going stand to stand, offering the other vendors steeply discounted fish, when he felt it.
Finally, they were both done.
“There are 55 different types of fish that live in the rivers in this area. Can you count that high?”
Hadsana= Mrs. Hudson. I literally put 'Hudson' into a translator.
Tomorrow, he would make plans. He needed to give Harry space, figure out what he could do to help Wat, and find some way to contribute to the household until Harry was actually ready to sort out her feelings. John tried to quiet his mind and was eventually able to fall asleep.
“Well,” John said, and stopped. If he disagreed, he would be lying.
“Yes!” John’s free hand clenched into a fist and he shook it in exhilaration.
Sherlock hissed in glee. Finally, something exciting!
“What is it, Sherlock?” She looked worried, and Sherlock did not have to be a genius—though he certainly was one—to know that she was worried that he had more concerns about his birth. Although he did, Sherlock had decided to look into those himself, so he was quick to reassure his mother.
Not long after they had finished setting up, the day’s first customers arrived. The wind picked up as the day went on, and the sun climbed higher in the sky, so John adjusted the side tarp more than once to protect the fish from drying out or getting dusty.
“See, it’s gone now. You were brave.” Harry was still smiling.
John would be permanent for Sherlock, too. Sherlock vows this. John is his first and would be his last, his forever.
When the paladin began to pass in front of their stall, John could see the lord, who must be lord Tufaena, inside. The interior was heavily shadowed, and so his form was vague, but John could see his eyes glinting in the darkness, surprisingly staring back out at John and his family. The lord tapped the side of the carriage, and their progress halted. He turned on his seat to face them. He was close enough that John could tell for certain—when lord Tufaena smirked, it was directly at John. John was so shocked that he flinched.
And then there's Drama.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock kept his gaze on his plate and leisurely took a bite of food. He pretended not to hear Mycroft’s calls.
“Hm… she’s from the Western lands. The soil there is slightly redder—smudges around the hem of her travelling dress, and the skin on her face has been cleaned recently but is still a little more lined than most ladies—the wind in those lands are drier. A noble, rich estate and not recently become so—her apparel is fine quality and bespoke, and her accessories elegant but not flashy.” Sherlock spoke under his breath in Mycroft’s direction.
Thanos has won.
Sure, he might possibly miss being away from pretty much everything that had ever been familiar to him—his rooms, his teachers, the palace grounds, his nanny—but the familiarity of their presence was hardly comforting in his current situation. His mind was too idle, and he swore most days that he could feel himself getting more stupid by the second. If that went on for much longer, he really would break every vase in the palace. And, well… if his family was not gone, he could not miss them.
“No, mummy,” Sherlock answered immediately, expression aiming for earnestness, “Mycroft is being unbearable.”
John gave Sarah a wan smile, “Yes.”
John’s platoon had only just finished subduing an attack on the southern border of the nation, after months of grueling battle. John was sure there were still bits of dried mud flaking off of him, and that was after he had washed several times. He was a captain though. He was a man now, with responsibilities to more than just his family. The men under his command were owed a leader, and John had been given a wartime promotion that had eventually been made officially.
The way I see John:
Sherlock could scarcely believe his ears. After he had been so clever, had deduced even what Mycroft had not (though could it really be called true deduction, he wondered), so clever that it had even stayed his father’s tongue from scolding him… to have it be his brother who reprimanded him, instead… it both confused and infuriated Sherlock.
Mik smiled, clearly also relieved that they had come to some agreement. He had obviously found it difficult to deny his friend. “That’s absolutely fine, John. Though I would advise him not to get too close to the patients. A lot of them seem to have cholera-like symptoms, but the illness behaves more like a contagion. If it was truly cholera, people could not catch it from another person, but this—”
Harry was still shouting, veins visible in her neck and the whites around her eyes, but the roar was louder than even Harry. Harry, his brave sister, who always seemed to know just what was needed to allay John’s fears, was scared. John was scared, too. He did what he had always done when he was scared. He reached out and took Harry’s hand. Before that moment, he had never thought that, just a John had drawn strength from Harry’s steady hand in his, perhaps Harry had drawn strength from him, too. He grasped her hand tight in his, and she clutched back; and, even though he could not hear her, he knew that she was there with him. They were together, even if they were not safe, and—
John did not mention how Wat had just woken up from a long bout of sleep. Now John knew the extent of the damage to Wat’s body, but until he knew what medication had been prescribed, John could only rely on what his family members said was normal.
Alright, John conceded. Not now. But later.
“Your mom said you promised!” The woman’s voice was deeper than her youthful face belied, and John followed the conversation with interest.
Harry slowed a bit but did not spare a glance over her shoulder for her brother. “’Harry, wait! Oh, Harry’ –John, I told you to stay home. Father is teaching me our family trade today and you’ll just get in the way. As always!”
“John!” Mik exclaimed when he could finally see clearly enough, “You’re back! Come in, my friend, come in!”
John was perplexed for a moment until she pointed at the second net pooled against the rim of the deck. John released an excited bark of sound and raced over to it, followed more sedately by his amused father, who guided John through a throw of his own while Harry watched and cheered John on.
Length: 17m:17s
“Sherlock,” Siger finally deigned to speak, but even his imposing father’s weighty voice was not enough to silence Sherlock’s runaway deductions.
John mentally commended Sarah for being refreshingly straightforward, even if he was not sure whether he actually liked her personality.
John grinned. He loved sweet peaches, and this one was juicy and ripe.
Author's Notes: Notes:
Sherlock doesn't remember ending the call. He doesn't remember climbing, fully clothed, into his bed (their bed, now. His and John's--
A few seconds after his mother left, he could hear his father’s muted voice. His mother’s reply, if there was one, was too soft for Sherlock to make out. Siger had returned to Sherlock’s rooms. Sherlock waited for a few still moments to see if his father would come in to see him, but the door stayed closed. It was as Sherlock had expected; Siger had only come to check on his mother.
John settled down, and watched his father gather the other net himself. Harry sat by John’s side instead of helping, glaring at him for the entire time that it took Wat to pull the net in.
Size: 17.3MB
“I think I was more surprised than she was when I proposed, I mean—I loved her, but I didn’t expect her to accept—anyway, we were soon married with her father’s blessing. He bought us a house nearby so that Emma could continue to live in the life which she was accustomed to, though she always complained that the garden was too small. And everything was fine. Harry was born, and we were all so happy…
“I’m glad to have you back, son,” Wat said warmly, grasping John arm in a quick show of support.
Also, John has grown from a teenage brat into a mature grown man-brat.
When the lamp was lit, Wat turned to John.
Though the contents of the mage’s hands were concealed from Sherlock, he could see that the man’s hands were busy. Sherlock was still below, on the main floor of the dining room, so he searched for one of the hidden entrances to the kitchen or balcony. He knew that if he appeared frantic, he would draw attention from the diners and likely alert the man he was attempting to thwart. Sherlock’s heart was pounding a demanding rhythm in his ears, demanding he act quickly with the adrenaline spiking his brain chemistry.
"John isn't missing." Mycroft states.
Sherlock followed him into one of the palace’s gardens, sprinting for all he was worth. There was not a guard in sight, which Sherlock noted but was not too alarmed by. This was one of the public gardens which were open to anyone who was visiting the palace, not his mother’s private garden. IF they were supposed to be manned at all times by a guard, Sherlock did not know it.
Size: 15.8MB
Wat replied, saving John from possibly annoying his friend. “It is a surprise to see you up and running out of your house. Your windows are usually still dark when we pass your home this early in the morning.”
John loved hearing every tale his family spun about her and missed her though he only knew her by who and what she had left behind.
Wat was with the sole owner of a neighboring stall. He was assisting her with trying to dig her wares out of the mess of what remained of her benches, racks, and tables. There were glints of color near their feet every so often, tiny loose beads or broken clay pieces from the pottery she had been selling.
“I…” Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but was still unsure of what to say. He was not human? Were his parents really the only people who knew the secret? If he turned involuntarily into a snake, would it really have to be forever. It made some twisted sort of sense now, why those snakes in the pit had not attacked him immediately. They likely sensed some kinship with him which had confused them, or at the lest made them hesitate.
Sherlock could only mutely nod.
John readied himself quickly, intending to head out to Mik’s clinic as soon as he could. He stopped by his father’s room to check on him. Wat, surprisingly, was awake. He and John greeted each other. John offered to make him breakfast, but Wat declined. He confessed he had lost much of his appetite during his forced sedentary period after his fall. John offered to talk to Mik about it, but Wat waved him off.
“Yes, I can imagine,” John said.
Chapter title from "Misery" by Maroon 5.
“You see this dark rope here, John?” Wat tapped the knot of dark brown rope that was tied to a metal hoop in the deck.
Sherlock paces by his bed, stopping to study the light scattering of a black, ash-like substance that covers the floor near his bed. He takes a sample to investigate later and cleans up the rest. He hates cleaning, of course. He's only doing it because he knows what needs to be done next, and he hates that more.
A cold dose of Jim. And does Seb possibly have a heart?
John shot to his feet. He had to get out of there. He had to tell the authorities, the domestic militia, or—or just go to his room, collapse on his bed, shut the world out and cry. There were so many ugly things in the world, hideous things that he had never even considered could exist, and yet they had touched his family. He felt like he was part of this, too, those ugly things had made him up. He was the final product of all the attack on his mother. He had not known that a person could be so cruel, how—he had to get out of this room!
And that mage today, he used foreign magic! And it was so fascinating, if only I could study that! But foreign magics aren’t allowed in close proximity, so how would I learn it? Who would I even learn it from? That’s not to mention my basic maths and history, so tedious. I learned every relevant thing ages ago. There’s nothing new or exciting here and my entire day is full of people telling me what I can’t do and stopping me halfway through doing what I want to do.”
“Yes? And why is that, Mycroft?” Sherlock spat, truly frustrated with the conversation, now. As much as he liked that he could have an intelligent conversation with his brother, he hated how condescending Mycroft could be. Sherlock’s raised voice was not quite a shout, but he could see the servants shift nervously in his peripheral vision.
The boys walked in silence for a few moments. Wat’s dislike of anything magic was well known among the families of John and Harry’s friends. Ironically enough, Wat’s wariness of enchantments led him to research them as much as possible, in order to know how to avoid them. Occasionally, a neighbor might come to ask Wat about a particular enchantment. Wat was always open to help them, though most of the conversations were hypothetical since Wat and all of his peers were peasants. Most of their neighbors lacked even the basic education that would allow them to work in a noble’s home, and since magic only belonged to nobility (or rather, anyone who had magic, which was hereditary, must have noble blood), they would rarely encounter any real magic.
“But mummy,” Sherlock began, though he stopped abruptly when his mother fixed him with a hollow look. With solely the change in her expression, she was suddenly the empress who must be obeyed, no longer Sherlock loving mother.
Sherlock stood up and pressed his back to the wall beside the open doorway, listening for any disturbance in the tone of the dinner conversation that would signify that he had been noticed. He did not hear anything and began walking along the hall, looking down the halls that branched off of the one he was in to see which way the servant had taken.
Sherlock goes to New Scotland Yard, but they've been advised not to let him in without Lestrade who, inconveniently, is not answering his phone. Sherlock has called him seven times now. He has called John twenty times.
Yeah, someone come and get her, John thought peevishly, as he moved to fix the tarp. Come and get her
Of course there
Music is Wrecking Ball by Miley Cyrus, Shahin Yarali remix.
“Say, if you want, I can put in a good word for you?” John murmured and, by the grateful look on the vendor’s face, John’s work here was done.
Harry writes a Dear John letter.
John did not know why, though. Because papa said? Because Harry did it? He gazed up at the box on the shelf, a pale brown with a glossy finish, and pondered. He raised his fingers to his lips in nervous habit. “Mmm…”
Sherlock is a precious little SPOILED BRAT... but he gets stuff done.
It’s very bad here. I don’t know when this letter will be able to get out.
Sherlock searches both upstairs and downstairs for him, to no avail. He comes upon Mrs. Hudson, asks her whether she has seen John.
The woman who had come to stand before them wore a simple cotton dress, mostly clean, and was notable to Sherlock mostly because there was no haze of magic around her. There was not even a hint of the lingering buzz of a physical charm or a subtle beauty spell, and yet… there was a hum in her aura. Most magic was like an ever-present underlying chime ringing in Sherlock’s nerves, each enchantment varying in tone and feeling. However, this felt like a buzzing, like something alive.
Sherlock saw the man round a corner and hear him say something in a foreign tongue. Could it have been a spell? Sherlock wondered. Why else would the man have spoken at this time—a threat for Sherlock to desist? But no, if that was the case, he would likely have called out before that moment. So likely it was a spell, then. That also confirmed that the man was a mage, and in disguise in the palace.
reply to your letter! And I’ve been having all of my pay sent back here! Haven’t you been getting it?”
The abuse of power was disgusting, and the lapse of justice was disgusting, too; John vowed he would change that. He would change it all.
“Oh, yeah!” Mik visibly perked up at the notion of returning to his future profession, “So, our district is pretty much untouched by it, and Vihaan thinks that’s because our water source is shared with the castle and a lot of other nobles’ homes. Vihaan says leprosy is a big problem in a few of the other districts, though. It can get pretty bad, and people try a lot of home remedies or try to make medicines themselves because there aren’t enough doctors to go around. He was happy I came to learn. Doctors can’t cure diseases fast enough and they’re spreading so quickly. We covered some treatments, such as bloodletting, like I mentioned before. Also, cholera! We talked about cholera! People have been trying to make their own medicinal tea, but it can’t just be anything, and they’ve been doing it wrong—”
As soon as he was in her presence, he felt measurably calmer. Mycroft would not dare pick on him in front of their mother. She smiled warmly down at Sherlock and lifted a graceful hand to run affectionately through his curly hair. She smelled of orchids.
Sherlock has called John twenty times more by the time he gets back to Baker Street.
Jaituna stiffened a bit at his statement, then raised her head from Sherlock’s a let out a tremulous bark of laughter.
“Come inside, John,” Wat’s slightly muffled voice came through the door and John instinctively obeyed.
John wrapped Harry in his arms and hugged her fiercely, though her own arms were slow to lift and return the embrace. There was a strange fermented smell on her clothes, but it had mixed too thoroughly with the smells of river and fish for John to discern exactly what it was. They separated, and John tried to make out Harry’s features.
Abruptly fed up with waiting, fed up with the feeling that he and the world he knew could be gobbled up at any moment, John asked bluntly, “What did that lord have to do with us? And aren’t we supposed to, I don’t know… Why didn’t you kneel to him?”
Jaituna=jaitoon=Olive, which I think is a cute name for Sherlock's mom, and Punjab is an exporter of olives, so, there you go!
Jaituna waited for Sherlock’s response to that. When all she received from him was a wide-eyed stare and stunned silence, she continued, “You were a gift from the snake god, the Snake Queen. Not long after your father arranged Mycroft’s engagement, and while I was still peeved with him about it, he sent a gift to me in a casket. When I opened it, there you were. Your father and I had been wishing so hard for another son that I first thought he had adopted one who looked like him, but then, you have always had my mother’s eyes. One cannot craft a life force from anything besides another source of life, so I had wondered what type of dangerous magic your father had gotten into. However, when I confronted him about the gift, he told me that he had sent me a coronet. When he had last seen it, it had been in the form of a snake. He was able to quickly call back the peasant woman who had sold it to us. She informed us that it was magic, which I’m sure you’ve guessed by now, my smart boy.”
John's life is becoming a dance between two men. It will be a dangerous tango.
“I can’t hear!” Harry wailed, turning to Wat. John saw the shine of welling tears in her eyes. “I can’t hear anything!”
Chapter title from "...To Be Loved" by Papa Roach.
I love and miss you both. Take care and don’t overwork yourself. I’m sending my pay home to you. It’s won’t do me any good here. Use it to hire someone to take care of papa, if possible, or stay home and take care of him yourself.
I may eventually take down the chapters and just leave the complete recording up here. I'm undecided. We'll see.
“Me, too,” Harry said, serious of a sudden. “I’m starving.”
Jaituna’s smile wavered. “I had no idea you were so unhappy, my little sher… This is the life you were born into. Your position can not change, and even if it could I would not wish it on you, but I don’t see why you could not… yes, I am sure of it. Our lack of knowledge about foreign magicks is to our detriment. We cannot simply hide our heads in the sand and hope our enemies do not see us. Today was proof enough of that, and we still have some allies among some foreign nations. Though I would normally hesitate to send you away, tonight’s occurrences have made it clear to me that the palace is likely not the safest place for you, even if you were by my side each hour in the day, which you cannot be.”
Wat eyed John for a moment, but then he looked back over at Harry and shook his head. “Let’s not today. I was trying to finish up patching these nets before you two got here. I’ll finish up with those while you two fill that big basin with water.”
The person was small and paler than most people John had met. He?—John was guessing—He was dressed richly and clung to the elephant he was riding with enviable strength. It was then that John noticed that the elephant he rode seemed older and larger than the other elephants he had seen. The boy was riding the matriarch of the herd.
“So, you finally made it back, huh?” Harry said, and detangled herself from John to continue searching for some candles. John had expected his welcome home to be a warmer than that.
Sherlock surfaces from his deep thoughts to find that John has led him into their apartment, taking over care of Sherlock's body and wellbeing (transport, the tedious thing) in the moments when Sherlock's thoughts had run away with his consciousness.
boring. John is neither. Even though Sherlock is 83.7 percent certain that he has found the only hidden compartment the building walls can feasibly be hiding, he will not stop John pursuing any remaining mystery they might hold. If Sherlock has overlooked anything (improbable, but he would reluctantly admit to himself that it was not impossible) then his dear Watson was certainly the person who would find it.
John looked away from the herald to notice his father had straightened and was standing stiffly. His solemn gaze was directed at the herald, who did not notice.
At this, Wat’s voice grew so choked that he had to stop. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes. John watched the trail the tear made from the corner of his father’s eye, down his cheek, until it disappeared into the collar of his shirt.
“I don’t have time for this!” Mik said, clearly irritated, though he began drying his wet hands on a nearby towel.
“And as I said, already getting in the way. As always!” Harry’s voice was petulant but she reached inside of the sash she had wrapped around her waist. Her hand emerged with two peaches. She handed John one and kept the other for herself. “I’ve brought almonds, too, for later. I want to share some with papa, so don’t eat everything!”
It appeared that the assassination attempt had achieved some emotional effect on his mother, Sherlock thought detachedly. It was out of character for her to see to his safety first, so that was unlikely to be the reason she insisted on escorting him. Perhaps she wished to scold him for the recklessness of the actions he had taken that night, in private.
“What do you imagine you were doing earlier, showing off? Just because you have knowledge doesn’t mean everyone else should have it as well.”
John just stuck his bottom lip out and glared up at his sister, expression mutinous.
He was John Watson, Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and he was damned proud of each and every member of his company.
John was a bit tired after the long day he had, chasing after Harry and trying to keep his balance on the boat, swimming with the fish—well, falling into a tub with them—and cuddling up with his father smelling of salt, sun, and the river. Wat released John’s hand so that he could light the lamp above their front door. John leaned into his father’s leg and grabbed a handful of fabric to stabilize himself.
John, son of Wat
Harry rolled her eyes.
Harry’s most recent letter had worried him. As Harry had listed them, Wat’s injuries had seemed quite extensive. John was not sure if his father would be able to make a full recovery or, if he could, how long that might take. John still had a bit of medical knowledge—some of his training and duties had been too gruesome to forget—and he could minimally imagine what sort of damage had occurred during his father’s trauma. Still, John was also used to Harry and her wild descriptions of things. She was more than prone to exaggeration; John was not sure if she could ever truly abstain from elevating a situation to the most dramatic level it could reach.
I realized that I used the "secret of your birth" trope multiple times in this story. It's weird because it isn't a trope I normally employ or particularly enjoy, but whatever lol.
Mik turned away from the basin and yanked a smock off of the top of a stack. John followed suit, tying it around himself by using his vague muscle memory of when he had worked in the clinic previously.
Wat was waiting somewhat impatiently for him, having just crossed the barrier. They were on their way to the icehouse. Wat’s fish had been stored there last night, in preparation for market day. It was a family affair; the current division of labor was that Wat had sent Harry ahead to the marketplace to secure their stall, and he and John would retrieve their wares from storage. John, also, was keen to get going.
An unstable balance of contentment and hell; and a single misspoken word can destroy John's life.
“Harry… Harry…” his father was saying, rubbing her shoulder and back to soothe her, “It’s alright, love. It’s over.”
While gasping for breath, Sherlock decided he may as well play it up. He began begging loudly for water, almost crying in distress. All of this was in aid of exhausting his nanny. Once she was both sufficiently exhausted with him and appeased that he had at least eaten some ‘real food’ he would instruct her to load his plate up with desserts, which he would actually enjoy. His favorites were the sticky desserts he was allowed to eat with his fingers. His nanny and Mycroft always complained that they were overly sweet, but Sherlock believed they were only trying to convince to him to abandon the best bits to them. He did not believe that a thing could ever be ‘too’ sweet.
Spirits save his sister, she was always terrible at names, John thought, heart lightening a little.
“Yes, mummy,” Mycroft said, then bowed low and made his way over to the young woman.
“I’m glad to see you, too,” John replied, and considered returning the gesture but realized he still held the knife and the fruit.
John carefully backed out of his father’s room, trying to make his footsteps as light as possible. Wat did not stir as John pulled the door closed between them, shutting himself into the hallway. John turned further down the hallway, searching room to room. He did not call out again because he did not want to risk waking Wat. The house was empty.
"I love you," John says quietly. His gaze still bravely meets Sherlock's, though the returning gaze is half-mast from fatigue.
“Ugh!” Harry threw up her hands and continued on, stomping towards her destination. They were headed for the bank of the Sutlej river where her father had docked his small boat. It was too far yet for them to see it, but they were not far from the shore. It had rained the day before, but most of the moisture had been absorbed by the marshlands and the banks of the river had fortunately not flooded.
At this, Sherlock turns to get out of bed, only to pause at the evidence that he had not slept alone the previous night. Even if Sherlock had not remembered what had happened the previous evening, he would have been able to easily deduce it from the evidence left behind.
“Have you never chafed at the restrictions upon us, Sherlock? To the public, we appear to have wealth and power, but truly we have no freedom and no privacy. The wealth we have is given to us by the people: taxes and tokens. As to our power… we must pander to the concerns of those who are beneath us, especially those with the wealth to possibly fund a rebellion. Even if we could put it down, it would weaken us. Dissent is to be avoided when at all possible, Sherlock, and sometimes it is to the detriment of true justice or compassion.” Mycroft trailed off as he finally followed Sherlock’s gaze to where their father was watching Mycroft with unwavering attention.
“Mother!” Sherlock threw up a hand and raced forward, away from Mycroft, who spluttered in indignation.
“Yeah…”
Mik’s reply was as drab as his expression, “I’m her butcher. I butcher her kills so that she can take them to market.”
After lunch, they did a bit more business. At least half of their fish was gone, John surmised. Suddenly, Harry pointed down the street, a quizzical expression on her face. Turning to where she pointed, John saw a man running down the street. He was distinguishable as a herald because he wore the livery of a noble house, and John could see the paladin that presumably carried the noble trundling slowly along further down the street.
Heyheyhey comments are love!
Suddenly he remembered the moment earlier that day, the boy on the elephant, and how he had been so exhilarated—felt that he was at the head, barely in control of a great force that could smother him, but in control all the same. Now John was experiencing similar feelings, was still almost swallowed up by the strength of his emotion, yet this time he felt like he was on the edge of a precipice, at the rim of a great mouth that was ready to consume him.
John looked back to his father, who had a chagrined expression on his face.
“My son,” Siger replied regally, and the corners of his lips rose in a smile that had been crafted specifically to appear genuine to his subjects. He took hold of Sherlock’s arm to draw him closer and said under his breath, “Your mother has been very busy, practically overrun of late. We are taking some of her burden, working a little harder to allow her to rest. We love her, and although our duties often keep us apart during our days, this is a way we can show her our love.”
“Well duh, everything is from the gods. But they give us new seeds so that we can plant the trees for ourselves. So that we can have even more peaches.”
Sherlock orders a cab, exits the crime scene in a flair of elegance ('swept' John, not "swanned" for Heaven's sake), beckons John along, and has them on their way back to Baker Street in short order. John has some questions about the case, mostly a rehashing of events for his post-case writeup, which Sherlock easily answers with no effort.
And Sherlock really cannot be held accountable for losing a bit (read: all) of his composure at receiving the very gift he had not yet had the wherewithal to ask for.
Harry was used to the untraceable leaps of John’s five year old jumps of logic and barely blinked at the non sequitur.
"Wow, you're more knackered than I thought," John says, ignoring Sherlock's affronted expression and leading him by the hand into Sherlock's bedroom.
When Wat spoke, his voice was soft, which John had not expected, “Alright. This… this is something that you deserve to know, and I think you may even be mature enough to hear it. Gods know, you’re more mature than I was at 15, or even 19, honestly, and this is your story, too. So… I guess it’s best to start at the beginning.”
“Your Majesties,” the woman began, “I thank you for hearing my concerns today. It has been six months since my husband passed and our farm is being poisoned by the nearby mill. They grind animal bones and the runoff of their business flows into our water line. It is polluting the water we use on our crops.”
A vulnerable expression flashed across Mycroft’s eyes, but it was gone before Sherlock could even think to remark on it, and a flinty expression replaced it. “You will never be able to see your way to victory if you cannot see and anticipate the advantages others have over you, Sherlock. That is an unacceptable mindset for someone who lives in the palace, under constant watch!”
It is unbearable.
Wat’s eyes were wide and alarmed as he took Harry by both arms and pulled her in close. John had frozen and was focused solely on what was happening with Harry. The tarp hung limp and forgotten in his own hand; he was so focused on his sister and his father, oblivious to the slush of melted ice chips, street mud, and odd bits of fish seeping into his shoes. Wat waited until Harry had raised her eyes to meet his before he spoke.
but Sherlock had long ago concluded that it was much more than obligation to upholding that promise which held his doctor to him, made John concern himself over Sherlock. After all, there have been many times John has done harm to others in Sherlock's name, despite his oath.
“Yeah, she loves me?” John asked bitterly, incredulous. It was only after he said this that he looked around and noticed that Harry had taken the bottle with her. It was probably even more liquor. John sighed heavily. This was not at all the way he had imagined his homecoming.
The house was dark. The shades over the windows were still pulled back, which would have let any sunlight in. However, it was just past dusk there was very little natural light to be had. Because of that, the floors of the house were completely shadowed and the walls were not much better. John reached out a hand, searching for the candle that had always sat in the corner of their sitting room window. His hand only encountered the cool clay that made up the windowsill, no candle to be found. So, it seemed some things had changed.
Author's Notes: This took me a surprisingly long time to get right, considering how often I write Johnlock porn. I guess it is tougher writing AU. They're themselves, but...not.
Sherlock is tasting blood in his mouth. This case... it isn't clean. No one has punched him--and yet, though it is somehow impossible, the acrid copper taste is there all the same. He thinks it may be because of his desperation or his nervousness, a sense of dread which he tries to rationalize away and then, when that doesn't work, to suppress. That doesn't work, either.
Please come home, John. Papa needs us both here. He’s healing and I don’t want to move him, but I hate that he has to stay at the doctor’s residence with all the ill people. As soon as he’s healed enough to move, I want to bring him home. I’m worried he will catch something if we don’t bring him home soon. Also, I can’t run the business by myself and take care of papa. We need your help. Please come home, peach.
“I came home as soon as possible, Harry.” John replied, trying to remain calm. He was terrible at keeping his emotions off of his face though, and he figured Harry could read some of his irritation.
John’s request for leave had been denied by his superior officer, though it had taken the man three entire months to even respond. It might not have been wartime in the capital, but they had been in constant combat on the border. Harry’s letter had made it plain and obvious that she did not know the situation John had been in, which told John that the politicians had not deemed the matter important enough to inform the public.
John shook his head. Wat wrapped his strong arms around John to keep the wet boy warm and then began to point out the fish in the basin, distinguishing the clams and oysters first.
Slowly, as if she was a statue just come to life, Jaituna spoke to Sherlock as if his nanny had not interrupted. Where her voice was hesitant the first time, it was like iron the second time, “Sherlock, there is something that you need to know, but first you must promise me that the information will not leave this room. Mycroft seems to think that you are ready enough to handle more mature issues, and I respect that judgement.”
Wat looked to John. “That was very dangerous, John. I know you want to learn about the fish, but some of these fish bite. You have to be careful, boy. Here, sit still and wait for us to get the other net, then I’ll teach you about the fish that we caught today.”
It would not have even given Harry pause but John was so much smaller than her, so she supposed it made sense… “It’s just a baz, John. It won’t hurt you.” The hawk had been watching them approach, beady predator’s eyes locked on the siblings above the vibrant red stripe of its breast. The bird was roughly half the size of John. John’s gaze never wavered from it and he squeezed Harry’s hand tighter.
I’m sorry to hear about papa. I’ll be home as soon as I can.
John would be that graceful, too, he vowed to himself. When he was bigger. John was too little now, but that was okay.
“Mummy!” Sherlock exclaimed, startling Jaituna when he shot up straight. Sherlock wove the tale of his episode in the garden to his mother, who grew progressively paler.
As they walked down the street—in silence, it was too early for inane speech—John wondered if he had any say in his life’s direction at all. He was grateful for his home and his family, his ability to count and to read, which was more than some others had. Still, his future seemed slotted in place for him and had since his birth. He would become a fishmonger like his father. He would probably live in the same house until he got married, and then he would move to another house likely in the same district or one nearby. He would choose a wife from the village girls, of whom he had no particular interest, or even one of the village boys—though that was more uncommon and, more to the point, he thought most of them were idiots.
'A Holmes never knackers and is never knackering,' Sherlock wants to answer but doesn't do so, since John is lowering himself into the sheets as well, sliding in behind Sherlock, and Sherlock doesn't want to say anything that might make John question his position. Sherlock does not want to say anything that will make John want to be anywhere but where he is right now, in Sherlock's bed (their bed, now, he vows) and beside Sherlock.
“Apologies, mother,” Mycroft intoned as graciously as he could while still panting, a smile—tiny, but genuine—curling his lips.
John, overjoyed, leapt out of his father’s lap and tackled his sister in a hug, who just barely saved herself from spilling the almonds all across the deck. Harry just laughed.
Just so no one starts getting annoyed by his absence, Sherlock is coming! Right up, as it were. ;)
John saw Harry from the corner of his eye and watched her progress on unsteady legs to gather the tarp. The tarp appeared undamaged, though every other piece of their stall seemed to be rubble. John went to help Harry gather it up, since her hands trembled and she still appeared shaken.
John was sorry to see that he had made his friend worry like this. If he was reading through the lines correctly, it seemed that he had also disappointed Mik and even possibly Dr. Vihaan, though John had not been an official apprentice.
Because the Avengers...
Officially, everyone who was relevant to the matter had accepted that Siger was Mycroft’s sire. Still, people argued, if the truth was that Siger was not Mycroft’s father, then he had no right to sit on the throne as emperor. Mycroft would have been emperor, and an emperor regent would have ruled by Jaituna’s side until Mycroft came of age. Sherlock thought people should have better things to do with their time than gossip about things that would never come to pass, but he had long since acknowledged that people were idiots.
It was then that Sherlock heard the hissing. It was so loud and so close that Sherlock could only attribute that fact that he had not heard it before that moment to the adrenaline pumping in his ears and his intense focus on the chase. The hissing was close and on all sides of him. He looked down for the first time and saw the thickly banded black and yellow body of a banded krait. Bungarus fasciatus, his mind provided unhelpfully, capable of being over six feet long and determined one of the four most venomous local snakes.
They reached the shore of the Sutlej and began walking along it. There were a few boats that they passed, but Harry confirmed John that none of them were their father’s. They were all too small, she told him. They approached a small, empty rowboat that was anchored by two nearby bushes. John ran ahead of Harry to peer into the boat. She let him look his fill but scolded him loudly when he made to climb into the boat for a closer look at the oars. Harry was so loud, John would swear that he heard her voice echo across the nearby plains.
John supposed it did not matter to most nobles that peasants were dying almost every day in order to protect their freedoms, their luxuries, and their lives. Each of John’s rare experiences with nobility had taught him that they were first and foremost selfish creatures. They had all the privileges in the world; what would they care about some distant battle, even if it was to maintain those privileges?
John loved his family, and if they had truly needed him then the choice between staying and leaving would have been much harder. Wat and Harry had not needed John, though. They had missed him (and he, them) going by their letters.
“Alright, Harry, that’s enough,” Wat said, mostly successful with smothering his chuckles though not his smile, “John was just excited. He won’t do it again, right John?”
“I don’t believe you.” Harry said stonily, setting her plate down and crossing her arms. “If that was the case, you could have written me back or sent word by a courier. It isn’t as if you don’t make enough money.”
Wat ended his statement with a nod as if to show that he was finished speaking.
“—your farm still suffered. You investigated and found that your husband’s bones had found their way back onto your land, quite possibly in the runoff from your neighbor’s land, but your husband’s essence was now so small it was undetectable. The land needed to be cleansed, and that is expensive, much more expense than your accounts can bear at the moment. And so, you came here to persuade the Crown to fund the endeavor, to help you clean up the last traces of your murder of your husband!”
From behind the woman, a ghostly translucent hand had wrapped around the curve of her shoulder. The longer that Sherlock stared at it, the more corporeal it seemed to become, until it was so solidly visible that he almost could not see the woman’s shoulder through it. Sherlock raised a hand and pointed to it. His father and brother gazed in the direction he was pointing, though neither said a word aloud.
Sometimes it seemed like adults had the uncanny ability to know what he was thinking, more specifically when he was about to get himself into trouble, and even more specifically when the adult doing the knowing was his father.
“No, papa! I don’t want to be even shorter! I want to be taller than you!” John exclaimed in denial.
“Anyway, he’s supposed to be super rich. I was told that he’s so rich, he basically bullied the emperor into betrothing the crown prince to his daughter. They’re so young, too! Way before the age even most royalty gets betrothed, I think, so Tupanda must really be loaded. His daughter’s supposedly very sickly and never seen at court.
“Have you had breakfast, John?” Mik asked, glancing over at his friend. They were still about the same height, John realized, though he was a bit taller than the older man.
“No…” John was more than a bit shocked at how she seemed to know exactly what he had just been thinking.
Wat laughed, a surprisingly full laugh that cast off some of the shadows that had been in his face earlier, “And it wasn’t even her horse, John! She had stopped and done all this for a stranger. I learned that when I approached to help her. She looked up at me and smiled, even though she was a bit sweaty from the work and the sun, and had dirt smudged on her face. And she was so beautiful, John, beautiful and sweet. You have her blond hair and her blues eyes.
Just that quickly the rumble had gotten louder. As his father pulled John and Harry down to the earth and guided them to tuck their heads underneath his arms, John spied pebbles moving on the floor. The ground beneath them was shuddering so hard that the pebbles were bouncing a few inches off of the floor. John had never seen anything like it.
Mycroft’s waved an irritable hand at the servants to contradict Sherlock’s implied command.
John eventually went lax in Wat’s arms, exhausted, and his wails quieted to long, drawn out sobs. John would always consider Wat his father. He did not know if Wat really meant what he said—that he truly considered John his son—or if he had just kept John out of a sense of obligation to John’s mother, his wife, after she had died. But John knew, not matter what Wat’s true feelings were, he considered Wat his father. Harry was his sister… and, on certain, his brother.
Not now, his father had said.
John is an instrument of illumination; his mind and sight are bright and keen, as is the gleam of his deep eyes in the evening dark and the sheen of his fine bristle of blond hair.
Sherlock peered up at his brother and motioned the servants to catch up with them, and he increased his pace as they neared the dining room. This displeasing conversation had dragged on long enough. “You’re being melodramatic, Mycroft.”
The wind blew through the open doorway of the balcony outside of his bedroom, ruffling the sheer blue curtains hanging on either side. The soft strains of music were carried in on the slight breeze, melodic in the calm tranquility of the temperate day. It sounded like a woodwind and seemed to be coming from the direction of his mother’s private garden, so was likely an alghoza. She favored those. Everyone knew the empress favored the alghoza… which is why in the palace, at any given time, there was always at least one aspiring lord or lady playing them.
The man’s head shot up comically, but John was able to repress his smirk and smother his laughter. He had known this would be easy, but he had not expected it to be quite this easy.
That reminded him of the cause of the majority of his whining. Even after all of the excitement today, he knew he would be just as bored tomorrow as he had been earlier that morning. Since they were in such close proximity and the atmosphere was still heavily charged with sentiment, it did not take Jaituna long to notice the discontent expression on Sherlock’s’ face.
I love you, be careful,
John hesitated for a moment, unsure whether the thought he wanted to voice was appropriate. “… I want to eat it.”
I'm sorry for the delay in posting, dear friends! I'm moving back to school this week. It will make things hectic, but I promise I won't stop!
Wat’s grip tightened on John’s shoulder, but John barely felt it. John had a father—he was right here, right by John’s side—so how could he be called a bastard? It was strange that this affluent person had addressed them directly, as well. John had never seen this type of noble before, never seen a lord so obviously rich and high-standing, so he did not know how to act or react and was frozen in place like most of the other people in the marketplace. Did this man really know them? No, he could not, since he had called John a bastard even though he did have a father.
Size: 16.9MB
As loud as Harry could normally be, her current volume was much more than she usually inflicted on people in close conversation. John shrank back a bit, perplexed and a little offended. He had not been playing around, what was she talking about? Why was everyone saying such backwards things today? John could not understand it and called for his father.
He watched the curtain settle as the breeze died, falling back to their resting position. The silence resumed; without the wind, the music lacked the volume required to travel all the way up into his room. He could cast a listening spell, if he really wanted to hear it again. If he just went out onto the balcony, he could likely catch some faltering notes, but why bother?
Reader's Notes: Yes, because ComeAlongPond14 cut this chapter in half, I had a mini breakdown (How can I use the same song for two chapters in a row?! I can't. I CAN'T!! [Yeah, I spaz like this in real life; it was like the world was gonna end]) and so I had to actually use my brain a little bit for this chapter and the next. I was very proud of myself and my idea to use a remix at the time... In hindsight, it's not so impressive. (I am clearly easily impressed by myself; probably not a good trait :-I )
The nearby temple allowed the neighboring citizens, including John’s family, borrow books freely. Few of the citizens were literate, and the temple possessed a vast number of books, so any book John wanted was usually in stock and at his disposal. Because of this, John’s family had little cause to own any books themselves. The few books they did own were Wat’s and were exclusively about different branches of magic, spells, and enchantments.
“Yeah!” John said, almost tumbling over face first in his hurry to pick up the slack rope.
Reader's Notes: Music is We Can't Stop by Miley Cyrus.
Despite John’s enthusiasm, Harry finished her peach first. She tucked the pit into her sash and said, “Don’t throw the seed away. We can plant them later.”
Reader's Notes: ^_^ Enjoy?
John wanted to tell his father to stop, to wait, that he could not hear any more of this. At the same time, though, John knew that this was a difficult undertaking for Wat and that, if he stopped this story now, Wat would possibly never be able to start it a second time. If that was the case, then John would never know, never know how this all connected to him. John would be doomed to wonder who he really was, forever.
John smiles and leans in to kiss him again, a chaste peck on the lips that is clearly a goodnight kiss. They settle close together, facing each other, heads resting on the same pillow. John wraps an arm around Sherlock's back and Sherlock throws an arm over John's shoulders.
“He said… he said that he had noticed a new nub growing on the tree in his observatory, readying to form into a new branch. He offered to take you—”
Once he had light, then he began to move the items from the bed onto the floor. Some of it belonged to him, but most of it did not. When the bed was cleared and John had shaken the dust out of the linen, John crawled into the bed.
John mumbled around his fingers. “Mik said I’m a runt, too. Everybody said it so that means it’s true, I guess…”
“Good,” Sarah responded as Mik dragged a doe, the largest animal in the pile, onto the metal hook in front of him.
“Come, John,” Wat said, stepping over the threshold. “No, wait.”
John entered his home. He paused briefly to caress the top of the box by the door, and he spared a small smile for the tiny rabbit figurine that sat next to it, which had used to belong to his mother. Then he turned to walk into the house fully and shut the door.
“Take this bucket,” Wat took a bucket from Harry’s hands to show it to John, “and throw it into the river. Pull up the water and dump it in there.” Wat threw the bucket overboard and then indicated the shallow basin that took up a third of the main deck.
Mycroft tried to punctuate his statement by giving a pretentiously sniff, but the gesture was ruined by Sherlock’s inelegant snort.
John made his way around the food stalls efficiently. He knew what he was looking for, and how to haggle in order to get the most food for his money.
“Sherlock,” Jaituna said his name fondly, “are you causing trouble again?”
“I didn’t fall in the river!” John yelled back.
The boys and even a few of the girls—they were fun enough and playing at warfare in the streets with mudballs or dividing into teams for sports was entertaining, but… they were not clever. John knew them. He had known most of them for his entire childhood. There was nothing intriguing about them.
Failed.
It’s Harry. I hope everything is well with you. Everyone back home has been talking about the border skirmishes, so I hope you’re staying safe. I doubt anything could pierce your thick skull, but it’s better not to gamble with that.
“What’s wrong, Harry?” Wat asked.
Wat pointed to another fish, this one pink and flat with red eyes. Unlike most of the other fish, it was parallel to the bottom of the basin, its flat face and body giving the entire fish a squashed and disgruntled appearance.
Harry seemed even more upset that she had been died her revenge. She shoved past John, though she slowed down and carefully maneuvered around Wat. John craned his neck around the kitchen doorframe and saw her disappear down the hallway. A few moments later, there was the sound of her cursing and then the slam of a room door. For all their sakes, John hoped it was the door to the washroom. Harry fiercely needed a bath.
They had just passed the section of the table where Sherlock would normally sit, along with his ever-present minder, his nanny. Sherlock spared a moment to hope that he would perhaps be allowed to sit with his mother today, the way he had used to when he was younger.
“Make way, make way!” The herald shouted. “The lord Tufaena approaches!”
“Ah! John!” Mik hurried over to them. “And, ah, Mr. Wat! Good morning to you both!”
The guards ushered Sherlock to where the rest of his family was gathered. Sherlock noticed that although he had not been paying attention, the courtiers had clearly been ordered to remain seated until the royal family had been evacuated. The nobles all seemed to be just barely keeping to their chairs and they clearly wanted to escape the scene, as well. Or get closer, Sherlock was not sure which.
As he stepped back and allowed the hanging to return to its original position, a servant emerged from behind the next drape over—royal blue velvet with a gold lion embroidered on it, he stored the information about the location away for later use—and they startled each other. Sherlock was the first to recover, waving the man to continue on into the dining room with the platter of food he was carrying. Indecision was writ large on the man’s features for a moment, no doubt wondering if he should obey this child whose motives were clearly questionable even if he was the prince of the nation. Ultimately, the man continued on in his duty, though he cast a wary backward glance at Sherlock once more before making his way to the taster’s table. Sherlock caught the curtain before it fell back and slipped underneath it.
Jaituna wrapped him in her arms once more. It was not until he was in her stable arms that he realized he was trembling all over. When he sucked in a sharp breath, the state of his sinuses alerted him to the fact that he had also been crying. Her warmth and her scent were the balm to his hurt, again, along with her assurance that she did truly consider him her son.
The servant that had been doused in wine had collapsed to the dining floor, seizing. As Sherlock watched, she rapidly turned a deep maroon, then purple, and then blue. A foamlike liquid had begun to ooze from her eyes. Sherlock stared, feeling eerily detached, and he realized academically that he had likely fallen into shock. Sherlock hardly noticed the guards that had come to stand around him until on stepped into his line of sight, blocking the macabre scene.
Chala, finished greeting Wat, smiled down at John, “And you’re getting big there, John!”
Wat gave John a wan smile and then resumed staring off into the distance. John felt awkward and wrongfooted, so he slowly took the bit of wall next to his father and mirrored his pose. A line of dark green ivy clung in a snaking whorl on the wall between them, and the leaves were still and tranquil in the windless evening. He waited for Wat to speak, but after a few minutes of complete quiet, John broke the silence himself.
John let Mik ramble on in that way until they were outside of the doctor’s residence, a building that had previously belonged to Mik’s family. After seeing Mik inside, John started his journey to the market which, conveniently, was not far.
Sometimes Harry beat John to the punch at lunch time, and John had to eat whatever she had decided to buy for him. Often, even though she did not care enough to get John’s favorites, she came back with a wealth of food. More than one of the street vendors was sweet on her, and two of them were food vendors. John planned to use this to his advantage. He stopped by a vendor he had seen staring calf-like after Harry.
John conceded to himself that he did not know much about thee correct way children should grow up. He had been in the Royal Army since he had abruptly left home at 17, quitting his role as the unofficial apprentice to the village doctor. Mik had been the man’s official apprentice, and everyone involved had known that John would likely not be able to stay on. He was going into the family business; everyone knew.
“Well, come through to the kitchen and I can whip us up something quick,” Mik answered, ushering John through the clinic’s waiting room and down a hallway towards the back of the building.
Jaituna loosened her embrace and drew back enough to smile fondly down at Sherlock.
“More than,” Mik conceded.
Chala was pretty and nice, though, and—overcome by a surge of momentary embarrassment—John clung to his father’s pants leg and tried to hide his face behind it. There was not enough slack in the fabric, so he was only able to successfully hide one eye, which embarrassed him even more. As he felt his face heat with his blush, both Harry and Chala chuckled at his behavior.
“Papa, what—”
“—lying.”
Sherlock’s options ran through his head at lightning speed.
Mik cut himself off and shot John a worried look. “This isn’t about your father, is it? I haven’t seen the old man in a while but the last time I did, he seemed to on the road to recovery. Did something happen?”
Dinner dragged on, John felt, yet nothing notable happened to explain why it seemed to take years to finish the one meal. John had eaten his meal as quickly as he could stomach it, and it all tasted like ash because of the foreboding he felt, like an unseen ax might be hanging over his head, readying to incite an irrevocable change. Wat, conversely, took his time over his meal, so much so that he seemed to John to be drawing one bite out into five. John thought, at any moment, he might lose his mind and flip the table. His father would tan his hide and make him clean it up, which would take even more time until he could have his resolution and would drive him further into madness.
This one was thinner in width and had no discernable stripes, but as Sherlock looked up he realized he was face to face with this one. Sherlock unintentionally met its eyes. He noticed the flared hood high on its neck, with a large dark splotch on each side respectively. The hissing around Sherlock had grown to an almost deafening timber, but he did not notice.
Harry’s mouth trembled like she wanted to laugh also, but she held it back and renewed her glare at John.
Intercede himself? Sherlock decided that was the only avenue left to him. If he leapt from the balcony and chanted the flight spell mid-fall, he could control his trajectory. He could fly down to the servant and stop the woman himself and—there was no more time for thinking. Adrenaline born of danger and anticipation flowed through each artery, each muscle. His heart was pounding in his ears, almost loud enough to deafen him.
“Wat’s sons are here!” Harry crowed, emerging from the side of the boat, dragging a plank.
John continued home. When he saw that the lantern on the door mantle was lit, he was relieved. He entered the house in search of his father and gave the box on the shelf a cursory tap as he strode past it. After a just a few seconds of looking around, he determined that Wat was not inside the house. He walked to the door on the side of the house and exited into the yard. To his shock, Wat was leaning against the wall just next to it, and John hastily lunged to catch the swinging door before his father was crushed behind it.
The deadliest venomous snake in the locale.
John waited impatiently for the sun to be high enough in the sky that he could beg some lunch money from his father and procure some street food. When Wat’s own stomach growled loud enough for John and Harry to hear it, John spoke over Harry’s raucous laugh.
“You know how we touch this box every day when we come into the house, John. Do you know why?” Wat’s voice was light, but the tone was serious, which told John that this was something important.
When John was getting close to the market, he began to hear the din of people setting up for the day. It was early morning, and the sun had not yet fully risen. The quiet of the night was still primarily undisturbed since most citizens still slept, so whatever noises did pollute the tranquil air tended to carry.
Abruptly, the cobra was there between Sherlock and viper. Part of its sinuous body trailed over the viper’s tail. The cobra swayed as it began to rise. Sherlock’s scrabbling hands finally met the wall of the pit, thankfully not nearly as soft and giving as the ground. The cobra dipped as the saw scaled viper’s body writhed beneath it, both snakes gathering to strike. The last thing Sherlock saw before he hurriedly climbed the wall was the cobra opening its maw wide, extending gleaming fangs as long as its entire head as its still trailed along the ground of the pit, tangling with the viper’s.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft tried again, but was halted by Siger’s hand on his chest. Siger’s eyes remained focused on his younger son, listening pensively to his rambling explanation. The woman at their feet had gone extremely pale.
After all, he calls Sherlock his best friend when most people can not stand Sherlock's company, and the people who can endure it Sherlock inevitably finds
They walked on for a few moments in silence, the sun beating down on their necks and glimmering in the sweat on John’s forehead and Harry’s exposed back. Through they were still walking at a swifter pace than he was used to, John was finally beginning to catch his breath. A deer, grazing on the plain nearby, paused and looked at them before it decided they were not a threat and resumed indulging in the foliage.
Wat paused briefly before he turned to John, who had not yet crossed the threshold.
Peripherally, Sherlock heard his mother inform the guards that they would head towards Sherlock’s room first. Siger’s voice had been a wispy sound, barely registering in Sherlock’s mind, as he had leaned over to Sherlock’s mother and voiced an enquiry. She had informed him in her usual calm tone that she would accompany Sherlock in returning to his rooms.
Wat looked down at John from the corner of his eye and, for a moment, the look in his eyes was unrecognizable to John, foreign and shrewd. Then, Wat softened and sighed, bringing up a hand to cover his eyes. He gave John’s shoulder one last squeeze, in comfort this time, and then released him. He turned to busy himself with the fish and avoided eye contact with both John and Harry, who were watching him for any signs to explain his strange behavior, this strange collapse. Harry was looking askance at Wat, while John boldly stared.
“Are you… so you’re not…” Sherlock’s voice was small and stuttering. “You’re not really my mom, then?”
Author's Notes: I'm so sorry, friends. I'm back at school, which means...write when can, desperately.
John set to work preparing dinner while he waited for Harry to get home or Wat to wake up. He was happy to see that their pantry was well-stocked. John had hoped to ease the strain on Harry as much as possible until he was able to return home. It appeared that, although he had been absent, he had been able to help. It eased some of John’s concern.
John watched the intricate weave go flying and admired the brilliant colors of the shells and rocks weighted at the corners. He ran to the side to see the net sink, but the body of the net was already under the languid waves by the time he leaned over the edge of the boat.
That was not why he was so excited to leave, though. Just thinking of all the new things he would find, the discoveries he would make on his visit, stretched his mouth into a wide grin. His mother had said that she would speak to his father about it, but Sherlock knew his parents. Once his mother had her mind set on something, such as a promise to her son, Siger would do whatever he needed to do in order to make it happen.
Or: sweet words, manipulative plotting, and passionate fuckery. And an introductory nod to Mycroft, if you wondered when that loveable bastard was going to get in on the story.
Though, honestly, the time had long since passed where they could truly be called children. John was 15, growing closer to manhood with the wane of every moon. John had even heard that, in lands west of his own, boys John’s age could already be promised to marry. He shuddered at the thought. Harry, whose voice was still loud enough to crack coconuts still on the tree, was 23 and still unmarried. John was, in turns, both grateful and annoyed. Surely, she would leave home when she married, he hoped, but then wondered if he would miss her. He had no idea since he had never truly been without her considerate, warm, and often obnoxious presence.
John put all of his weight behind trying to pull out of Wat’s hands, pitching one way and then another, like a wild animal trying to escape a trap.
This is going up unbeta'd for now. Feedback is very welcome.
“Harry, grab that other end. I’m going to show John how we reel the nets in. Step back and be careful, John. Watch closely.” Wat tugged on the two ropes closest to him. John watched as his father insinuated himself between the ropes and the deck. He twisted slowly, turning his body around while he gripped the net in loose circles around his waist. The net slowly rose out of the water.
Reader's Notes: Music is ...To Be Loved by Papa Roach
“Are you staying here? I’ve got rooms to spare and it might be convenient. You could sleep in a little longer since you wouldn’t have to walk,” Mik said, trying to persuade him.
Wat took a moment to answer, as if gathering enough breath for words was difficult. “No… Harry… thank… you.”
“Don’t let people push you around just because they’re bigger and louder than you! You tell Mik to keep his mouth shut unless he wants your sister to put her fist in it! And get your fingers out of your mouth. They’re dirty.” Harry’s face had suffused with color as her tirade continued, her cheeks reddening like the ripening plums that grew on one of the trees near their home. John admired his sister’s fierceness and the spark of a ready fight simmering in her eyes.
He wondered if he would ever be first for anyone.
“Says the one who was just preaching that we should all aspire to be like a commoner. They aren’t even intelligent enough to join in on the game, let alone win.” Sherlock cast his eyes in the opposite direction of Mycroft. He did not want his brother to see his moment of weakness, that Mycroft’s derision had hurt him in any way.
“Or stop bringing anything to market at all!” Mik huffily suggested as he began bleeding the animals. Sarah ignored Mik.
Wat, who was behind John and outside of his line of sight, had been tense, but at this he smiled in relief. He gently lowered John to the ground.
Wat came to quickly stand between his children and put an arm around each shoulder. The bustle of the marketplace had grown as still as it could do, in the middle of the day. Everyone had slowed and moved to the side of the road, watching as the paladin made its approach.
There was an uncharacteristic silence behind Harry, punctuated only by the soft susurrus of their steps in the almost-mud.
being punished.
“Much like your patience,” Chala said, smiling.
Size: 26MB
His father had not flinched at the insult, but instead met lord Tufaena’s gaze. His craned his head up towards his father, who was glaring at the lord. John did not know much about how to address nobles, but his father’s behavior seemed fairly impertinent.
“Better to be lonely than to be with a fool,” they finished together.
“Thank you, mummy!” Sherlock bolted upright in bed. He would have jumped from the bed entirely if it had not been for his mother’s stern look and raised finger.
“—and now I’m here, to help with papa and the business and to help run the household.” John finished.
Sherlock closed his eyes and welcomed sleep that night. He wanted to dream about all of the new adventures he would have once he escaped the palace. One last, discordant thought flittered through his mind before sleep claimed him:
Sherlock was a little taken aback. To honor her? He ran Hadsana ragged with his complaints and demands, although she did seem to have a strange fondness for him, despite that. Was it truly an honor to have to put up with him all day? Still, she was the one who had brought him to the palace. She was the one who had found him first.
Tufaena had leaned back in his seat to speak to his manservant. He continued speaking to him at some length, Sherlock noticed, which was peculiar. In a room full of nobles from far and wide all over the empire, the man chose to stay in his seat and speak to his servant? No one else seemed to notice, but Sherlock’s interest was piqued.
As soon as Sherlock entered the room, he could tell that the golden chair on Mycroft’s right side had been hastily added there. Sherlock had not often been in the throne room, having no business there himself, but could still tell that this was an atypical setup for the room.
Sherlock absently noted an unpleasant tingling on his arm where some of the wine had spilled on him, but a choked sound stole his attention. He turned back, eyes skimming the shocked faces of the still seated courtiers. Palace guards had swiftly congregated around the head of the table where his mother and father sat and, to a lesser degree, around Mycroft whose gobsmacked expression mirrored the mage’s. The sound had not come from any of them, though; in fact, other than that one, truncated noise, the people remaining in the room were completely silent. Sherlock followed the gazes of most of the courtiers.
Harry stopped at the shelf inside of the door, gave the wooden box a gentle tap, and hurried inside to begin lighting the candles.
One night can change an entire life.
Maybe he could construct another experiment on the rate of deceleration due to wind resistance versus the acceleration due to gravity. Mycroft’s insufferable assistant had interfered in the last one and Sherlock had not been able to record any conclusive results before he had been dragged away from the shattered pottery. Perhaps he could recreate it, could try again. The palace still had so many vases.
“John, you clean up here and meet us at home. I’m taking Harry to see the doctor.” Wat nodded at John, who nodded back, and then took Harry’s hand to lead her out of the market.
John was not sure what to say. He and Harry were not on the same page, as he had assumed. There was a misunderstanding between them, and Harry clearly was not going to accept the truth. John had not bothered to prepare a lie—why would he have?
“Are those my children?” Wat asked, though the tone of his voice said he already knew the answer.
“Look at Harry!” John grinned and pointed, squealing up at his father. Wat smiled indulgently at John’s actions but never took his gaze from his daughter, standing precariously close to the edge of the deck.
John nodded and followed. He would think about it.
“Shut up, brat,” Harry glared good-naturedly over her shoulder as she threw the thick cloth tarp on the frame above their heads. The tarp would provide shade for them and the fish if the sun got too overbearing.
“Why do you look so unhappy about that?” John asked. Both Mik and Sarah looked over to John, though Mik looked away, disgruntled, when he saw that John was not addressing him.
What if a spell that was supposed to make him fly turned him into a rock, instead? The thought scared John. Even though he was brave, he didn’t want to end up as a rock or a frog or something gross.
In my other (upcoming) fiction, "Falling is Just Like Flying," I think you'll find him much more in character. :) I think.
“Yes... She lives a sheltered life but has recently been injured.” Sherlock replied hesitantly.
“Oh relax, Harry” Wat said, after he had calmed down and was wiping away the tears his delight had left behind, “or you’ll start looking like that one.”
Sherlock was shocked. He had always been told, by his parents and his nanny, that he should be grateful for the privileges his high birth afforded him. Since Sherlock looked to them with respect, and for guidance, he had tried to at least appear to be grateful, even in the moments when he was not. To hear his brother, who he also looked up to, contradict them shook him.
Dear Plum,
John spent some time folding the tarp and then trying to sweep up the mess that had been their table. He tried hard not to think about Harry or the terror on her face when she had cried that she could not hear him. Instead, he tried to focus on banal things. He focused on the slight surprise he had felt when he discovered that some of the trestle bowls had survived. They were muddy, though he doubted his father would want him to throw them away just for that. That was a much safer thought than dwelling on the answering swell of horror he had felt when Harry had—
Mycroft raised his head in a haughty manner, chin sticking out and eyes going hard for a moment, before he softened and conceded, “Yes, actually. Though not for the reasons you assume. I was simply wondering what it must be like to have such freedom, for one to be able to choose one’s profession. I doubt the girl truly realizes the blessings of low birth.”
John considered silence might be the better part of valor in this situation. He held his tongue as Mik continued ranting.
“Eventually the poison began to wear off, and she was able to gather herself enough to return home, only to find that she could no longer cross the threshold of our home. She cried out to me and I ran to catch her. She was a sight, John, our poor Emma… The only bit of luck that we had was that I was quickly able to figure out the type of spell that was laid over her and remove it. It was a geas, a type of enchantment that is meant to control the victim in some way. Luckily, your mother had no innate magic to tie the geas to, so it was weak enough to break by simply touching my family heirloom. Thank the gods Tufaena did not know we had it. He put that spell on her just to be cruel, John, because she had refused him.
Mycroft’s betrothed was seated in Mycroft’s section of the table, almost directly across from Sherlock’s. Mycroft had taken some time away from her in order to speak with some other nobles in attendance who he apparently considered worth his time. He had since returned to her and taken the seat beside her. Her father, Lord Tufaena, was not with his daughter but seated closer to the head of the table, only a few seats from the empress herself.
The man looked gobsmacked at what Sherlock had just done and had frozen in surprise as Sherlock had zipped past him. When Sherlock pointed an incriminating finger at him, the mage seemed to come back to himself and flinched. He jerkily moved back into the shadow of the unlit balcony, but Sherlock could see the guards stationed at the walls already moving to apprehend the man.
Mik was silent after John’s statement, long enough that John looked over at his old friend to see if he was alright. Mik had paused in washing the dishes and looked troubled. John did not rush him since he was sure Mik would tell John what he was thinking sooner rather than later.
He was being punished.
“Belaboring a point, you mean,” Sherlock muttered ungraciously, glaring into the opposite direction. Mycroft was unphased.
“I understand your concerns, Mik.” John comforted his friend. He could tell that Mik was uncomfortable voicing his doubts to him, but John felt that Mik was being quite fair. If any soldier had acted the way John had when he had left—or “run away” as Harry had put it—John would not even have considered taking them back. They would have faced all of the consequences due a deserter and, unlike Mik, John would not have felt guilty about telling the perpetrator the sentence to his or her face. Still…
As they walked in the hall, their entourage (mostly made up of Mycroft’s guards and assistants, though Sherlock’s few guards were present as well) Mycroft maneuvered himself a bit closer to his brother. Before Sherlock could shy away from the sudden proximity, Mycroft spoke near his ear.
Throughout dinner, John watched his father. Wat’s expression fluctuated between one full of dread to one full of contemplation. John liked to think that his father was not a coward, but he could not pinpoint any other reason why his father would avoid addressing the situation the way he had so far.
John opened the tin and discovered that Mik’s version of “fruit” was actually pastries with fruit filling. John took one filled with a red, gelatinous substance that appeared to be preserves made from some sort of berry.
John had felt somewhat self-righteous when he had chosen his own path, into the military, against everyone’s expectations. It had felt good to show everyone that they were wrong about him, that John Watson was not a one-page book. He wanted to support justice in his nation, however he could. That was why, when a recruiter had waved him down in the marketplace, he had been very interested in what the officer had to say.
“Still, it’s better to be safe now rather than sorry later. For example, a curse for bad luck may not affect us, but give everyone around us bad luck instead. It can be very dangerous. Or… a spell to make a person taller could end up making you even shorter,” Wat smiled a knowing smile.
“Ugh, come on, hurry up, John!” she complained as she grabbed his wrist, pulling him up so quickly that his shorter legs could barely stay under him. His father’s boat looked about twice as big as their house, which John had nothing to compare to but the homes of his friends, which were all about the same size.
‘Those children are so young, definitely in the years when they should be regarding everything with innocent curiosity. Why would such young children already be so wary of adults? They look so… jaded.’ John thought.
First, it seemed like nothing, maybe a strange shift in the breeze. Then it felt like a lurch in the earth, down deeper than John had ever been. He put a hand to the stall’s table in front of him, trying to gauge the movement. There was a tremble going through the table, a strong vibration that shook John’s hand.
John followed his father down the hallway. He made sure that Wat made it safely into his room, then continued down the hall. He pushed open the door of his old room. It was immediately apparent that Harry had been telling the truth; she had not expected him.
John would not go back to the army, especially not now that he had seen how badly his family needed him. He would request an extended leave, which should be granted now that their border was adequately protected again.
I will honestly tell you right now that I don't know much of anything about the military. Much like the native culture in this story, I am pulling most of this out of thin air or cobbling it together from my limited experiences. Please don't hesitate to let me know if I've done something wrong or something that offends you. If it offends you, it probably offends others as well, and that is nowhere near my goal for this fic.
“Well, actually, I only threw yours. I still have mine,” Harry said smartly, reaching into her sash and pulling out the pit. “Oh! And here, papa, I brought some almonds too, in case we got hungry.”
John was surprised to see they had just entered was a washroom with multiple smocks in it like the one Mik was wearing. They were all lined up neatly on the shelves that had been set into the wall. Mik removed his smock and tossed it haphazardly into a corner. He turned and began to wash his hands and arms in the basin.
Most stalls were set in front of complimentary shops. The farmer’s stand was set in front of the bakery, who was able to take things from the stand and improve their own offerings, for example. There was a merchant selling beads and bolts of fabric set in front of a tailor and a stall selling imported teas in front of one of the streets few restaurants. John’s family’s stall was in front of a leather tanner, one of the few shops who thankfully wouldn’t complain about the smell of dead fish since the scent of the skins inside was already so strong.
Sometimes, John feared Wat was a little too kind. Everyone knew Harry had the tendency to run roughshod all over everything and everyone, and Wat—in his seemingly unending patience—mostly allowed her to do so. Harry had quite the reputation in their district and sometimes even beyond that. As much as John admired her, he had never enjoyed the way a stranger’s eyes turned wary at times, after realizing that John was Harry’s little brother.
His father gave him another indulgent smile and ruffled John’s blond hair so that some fell into his eyes. Wat offered to take any letter or parcel to Chala’s parents tomorrow, who lived along the Chenab, before bidding farewell to Chala and moving onward.
John's devotion.
I have some bad news. Papa has been injured. He got caught up in some rope while we were hauling one of the nets in, then he fell off the boat. When I was able to pull him back onboard, he was unconscious. Thankfully, the river was calm that day and I was able to get him out before he had drifted far. Mik is the town doctor now (I haven’t had to go and see that brat for years) and I went to see him. Papa’s right arm and right leg are broken in multiple places. Some of the bone shattered. Mik says the majority of the damage happened when papa was crushed between the ropes, not when he fell. He did hit his head though, and Mik says we’ll have to wait and see what damage is there. Papa wakes up for short periods of time, but he sleeps most days.
“Your papa’s pretty fit for an old man,” Mik commented. “Tall, too, not like us. I hope I grow to be that tall.”
“Well,” lord Tufaena’s eyes flicked from John to Wat, but quickly back to John again, “if it isn’t the little bastard. I should have known you would grow up a runt.”
“Your mom is still active, I see,” John teased. Mik responded by shooting John a humorless, impatient look.
"I love you." John says, staring up at Sherlock with those wide, dark eyes from where his body is sandwiching Sherlock against the sitting room wall. John's chest is a solid wall of heat where it is pressed to Sherlock's. John's right leg had insinuated itself between Sherlock's long legs, and the line of warmth John's calf has made along Sherlock's own is overtaxing Sherlock's mind.
“Harry’s brother, you say?” The young man shot a sideways glance over to their stall, where Harry was haggling with a customer. She was smiling and her dark hair glinted red in the sunlight.
Harry’s long legs, long in comparison to John’s only since their family was a collection of somewhat small people, carried her ahead without any kind thought for her five year old brother’s panting breaths behind her.
you were
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a rumor that threw Mycroft’s parentage into question. According to the royal physician, Mycroft’s was simply born prematurely after eight months after Jaituna’s marriage to Siger instead of nine, but some speculated that he was born on time and had actually been the child of the empress’ late husband. The reason that the rumor had persisted for so long was because it threw the entire line of succession into question.
“You should eat a little something,” Harry insisted. She pulled a mango from a bowl on the counter and began peeling it with a knife. When John saw how she peered down at the knife and how her hands trembled, he wrestled the knife away from her. Harry protested at a volume that John thought was probably loud enough to wake their neighbors on both sides of the house.
They had named the baby Jaituna, olive, after the empress. The baby’s face had been uncovered and John thought she looked like a person, but… squished. John was fascinated. Before her, he had never seen anyone smaller than himself. Even Mik, who was small for his age but a year older than John, was taller and broader.
Once John finally had the knife, Harry glared at him even more. She threw the mango at John’s head. John had been through extensive military training; the least he could do was catch something that was thrown directly at his face.
Just don’t drool in my samosas, John silently implored, and everything will go perfectly.
John, a bundle of keen energy, bounded over to his father and grabbed a fistful of the fabric near his hip to stop his momentum. Harry approached more calmly.
Harry’s eyes moved to Wat’s lips as he spoke, and John watched the color drain from her face.
Jaituna motioned for Sherlock to lie down. Once he had, she pulled the covers up over his chest and arms and tucked him in.
“I don’t know.” John replied, considering Mik’s offer. “It might help with Harry’s temper, but I came home to help my father. I don’t know how I would do that if I didn’t come home to check on him at the end of the day.”
Author's Notes: Chapter title from "Lying is the Most Fun A Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off" by Panic! At The Disco.
Length: 24m:42s
“Just got back last night, if you can believe it,” John said, watching Mik gather the necessary dishes.
Mik’s face began to redden in embarrassment, so John continued, quickly revising, “But honestly, that’s mostly because you’re always holed up in the temple or your room, reading books instead of getting any fresh air. I keep telling you to come and join our khuddo khoondi games so you’ll be used to more activity!”
John acknowledged that only part of his anxiousness was because of concern. He also wanted to talk to his father who he had not seen in years.
Where is he? Sherlock will not hesitate to claim he is the world's greatest detective; so why is he having such difficulty finding one man? The very man whose life is so entwined with his own that they never go a full day without seeing each other?
“Wat’s sons are here! Wat’s sons are here!” John echoed her as she leaned the plank against the side of the ship, steadied it, and began to walk up. She alighted at the top for only a moment before she was coming back down after a “Help your brother” from their father.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWaN6M4BBkE
“Harry… at any rate, it doesn’t matter now. I came home as quickly as I could—”
The room was deathly quiet for a few long seconds before the woman sputtered out, “I don’t—I don’t know what his highness is referring to—”
Length: 16m:23s
I hope I conveyed his bittersweet relationship with Mycroft successfully in this chapter. He's overbearing and annoying, but he loves Sherlock and vice versa. Sherlock still admires him, at this point.
His father’s hissed reprimand disrupted Sherlock’s focus on Mycroft’s lengthy deductions. Mycroft’s deductions had been growing in passion and, with that, volume, though both of the brothers had been too caught up to notice.
“What’s that one?” John asked, wriggling enough to free his arm so that he could point at a fish that was a bit larger than his hand. Its head and tail were a deep purple, but most of its body was a speckled yellow gradient. It had an odd red speck near its gill that reminded John of the sun spots Harry and his papa had across their noses.
“Harry! Harry, wait!” John repeated the command he had been attempting to issue his sister for the last few breathless minutes.
Reader's Notes: Okay, so this was my first time reading Johnlock smut out loud, and I'm not sure if I got all John's passion-y sounds right. That said, I had previously been warned that it is difficult to read the sexy bits of stories aloud for the first few times... I must be shameless, because I just read the whole thing through and didn't blush one single time. SMH (all my talents are useless in RL)
He stared at her with an intensity which would have left her a stuttering, red-faced mess months ago.
How Harry has made him pinky sworn to come out at the same time as her, a serious look spreading across her face – “Once again, Johnny. Promise me you’ll tell them right after me!”
It doesn’t mean that Sherlock couldn’t enjoy it while it lasted, though.
He could hear himself growing restless, he mentally cringed at this, but it was too late, a searing pain was spreading across his chest and he couldn’t stop it. He just couldn’t.
Sherlock didn't reply, feigning to pay attention to the estate agent's enthusiastic speech while watching once again the cherished memories he has so carefully stored in his Mind Palace.
“I want to make you come.”
Nearly 2,000 words of smut. *cough* Guess I was feeling inspired... *cough again*
Greg’s seriousness made him choke back his mirth. Heart racing in his chest, John braced himself to give voice to the very thing he has been dreading since he has realized the depth for his feelings for his flatmate and friend.
“Getting in touch with his Pompousness,” Greg replied in a flat voice, doing his best not to give his nerves away. “Trying to see if this mission was truly important. You never know, I might need Sherlock’s input for one of my cases…”
He felt his cheeks reddening further when SH let out a deep chuckle.
It would be the right thing to do. She should be happy with the friendship and the camaraderie she already had and not hoping for more whenever she met Irene’s green gaze.
Texting a man.
Helen shot him a wolfish smile.
“Yeah?”
“Instead of Anthea, Mycroft could have chosen
She surrendered to this erotic, relentless onslaught, putting her arms around Sherlock’s neck, moaning her pleasure while her lover’s hands wandered all over her body – stroking her ass, her back, the nape of her neck, her scalp.
Even worse – he didn’t give a damn about it.
“Fuck, Sherlock…”
“You’re drunk.”
“Sherlock, I’m…”
Since this episode, he has stopped dating.
“Alright, Mike. Send him up, would you?” she replied before she hung up.
“Yes, but…”
“Oh!” she gasped. “That’s such a relief, honestly…”
He has the turned his head away, looking through the window.
He heard the hitch in the illusion’s breath as it again tried to resist.
He abruptly stopped, painfully aware of what he has just said. He blanched, not daring to meet Harry’s gaze.
A bright smile creased Irene’s lips. She released her chin to pat her cheek, like a mother cheering her child.
The umbrella softly tapped on the clean floor, sounding like a faithful pet showing its agreement.
Sherlock observed John’s departure with a frown.
“Not my intent and you know it. I won’t deny I’m a bit astounded you got a crush on him…”
could entail.
“Nothing,” he finally said. “Or at least nothing I can’t handle.”
“Say that again?”
“Bring it on, posh boy, I’m sure I can take it!”
doesn’t count!”
Mycroft couldn’t believe his eyes.
What?
“Certainly not.” She was already assessing the first persons brave enough to enter the Valentine-shaped cave of doom. “What about… The first one to catch our man may ask the other a favour?”
“Get a grip, Watson”, he muttered before nudging the door open and entering the flat.
A dream. Once again – only a dream.
Wonder of all wonders, the illusion didn’t even protest this time, obediently following him in the living room until Greg has closed the door behind him. He didn’t deny himself the pleasure of eyeing up and down the flawless masterpiece currently standing in his living room. He heard a hard swallow – was he dreaming or was it a blush spreading across the illusion’s perfect face?
"Isn't that a contradiction?"
"Oh no, it's fine. It gave me the time to look around a bit … appreciate the décor." John tried to keep a straight face. It did not help that a particular feeling had settled around his lungs and wanted him to stop talking altogether. He didn't know what would be more suspicious, and there was a thin line between saying too much and not saying enough. If Irene had noticed anything at all, it didn't show on her face.
Sherlock opened his mouth to object to that, and then he didn't. The look on his face now, dumbfounded for the first time, sent John into another fit of laughter until his stomach hurt. He heard Sherlock join in somewhere in between, his rich voice filling the space around them. John felt like a lunatic, high on adrenaline, and had to hold his breath to finally stop himself. A broad smile spread all over his face and his cheeks positively
"And your bag," Sherlock added.
me." She used the verb like a curse and looked him solemnly in the eyes. "Or maybe you
"Yes," Sherlock said, a little too huskily. "Yes. I explained that … I explained that there was one significant weakness to him and his plans. He has to keep murdering or hire people to do it for him. Since we know that this is inevitable to create more subjects like me, we can find a way to prevent it and destroy his web before it's built."
John opened his mouth with his last drawn breath gasping out. "Ma- … ry."
"Good evening to you too," John shouted back at the one walking towards them. Then he raised his Sig and fired a bullet right between their eyes. This finally drew everyone else's attention. They cursed and hissed at them before running for it. John shot another bullet and missed. His opponent took the opportunity to keep running and jumped right on him, but John had already taken out his sword which pierced through the vamp as it landed. He got up just in time to meet the rifle's barrel with his blade. A bullet flew over his shoulder. The crashing noise of the gun firing next to his ear felt like it had hit him regardless, inserting a loud whistle that resonated in his skull.
"That bad?"
Sherlock's blue, lively (always so lively,
How many times has he imagined John Watson in his bed before this? He hasn’t kept track, but he knows that this time couldn’t be further from his imagination. Because it is reality. And it feels so, so much better than anything else in the world.
"Because they are so highly poisonous and I thought you would've liked that."
. Now listen carefully. You will lead me out of this godforsaken place or I promise you I, as a trained doctor, will break every bone in your body while naming them."
He pulls out again, so cautiously this time, and turns him around. His limbs are noticeably grateful about the change of position, as well as his back. And then it happens. He dares to open his eyes. The room is dark, but not dark enough to for their vision to fail. Not dark enough to not see each other. So when Sherlock sees John, it takes his breath away. No, he actually things he might die from it.
A single golden light was burning on the wall to the bottom of the stairs. A flickering torch - the only light source John could make out in the darkness. When he reached the last stair, the path made a sharp turn to the right. There was only one way. Careful not to hurt himself he pulled the torch out of its mounting to carry it with him in defense against the dark, and what may linger within. The licking flames painted illusions on stone, and as much as he fought against it, his mind was already playing tricks on him. The shadows and sparks brought up old memories which set his body on constant alert, always anticipating one of the shadows to break away from the walls to attack. The thought alone made his hair stand on end and the grip around the torch's end tightened. When John had finally reached the end of the hall, he was standing in front of a closed door.
They were sitting on the floor as if they had all the time in the world. Sherlock had assured John that he was able to tell when Irene would start searching for him.
playground. Sherlock can accept that John knows what to do here, and he can allow himself to give in to this. To put all his trust in John. To trust him when he suddenly places both his hands underneath Sherlock’s thighs and slides them upwards. Up, up, until they are the barrier between his cheeks and the mattress, and Sherlock swallows a gasp as those hands grab hard flesh and muscles, part his cheeks and stretch the skin around his hole.
"Ms Irene Adler is our … jewel in the crown, if you will. Unfortunately, she cannot be with us today. As I said, accidents do happen, hmh? Therefore, I thought,
Their eyes met in between heavy breathing and blank minds, and together they watched, around all these human corpses, how this huge beast took its last breaths and slowly shrunk and shrunk. What remained was one Sebastian Moran, naked and wet with blood and sweat, dying in a pool of his own suffering. The gurgling of his lungs filling with blood could be heard even over the screams and shootings, and soon it was streaming out from his mouth.
"I know these kind of bags," she continued, "This is your medical bag. I am injured. That implies: You are a doctor. Wasn't that difficult to conclude, frankly."
The blasting noise of a gunshot resonated in John's ears. Sherlock had fired a shot. One of the General's men fell to the ground, revealing through the zipping wires in his head that he was a cyborg, about to shoot the General herself! Another shot echoed from the high ceiling simultaneously, and Sherlock clutched his arm, now smoking and twitching robotically and sparks flying from it.
John smiled up at him. "That sounds like you didn't ever get any sleep."
"You're doing great, Ms Sawyer," he said.
… And then it starts to actually
Suddenly, he closed the distance between them with long strides and whipped the red handkerchief out of John's breast pocket. John had no idea what was happening. He was hyper-sensitive to the feeling of long fingers brushing his chest, but he didn't even notice how he was licking his lips. Torn between amazement and objection he eventually wanted to step back, but Sherlock linked his fingers into the pocket and kept him in place. "Let's see if the fabric is thin enough for me to see through it."
"Sorry," John muttered. He should try to distract her from the pain somehow. "So... How did you know I was a doctor? I haven't mentioned that to you, and neither has your maid. Still, you knew." He stumbled a bit over the word
having just broken up with him…"
"So where," he breathed, then after he cleared his throat, "Where do we meet?"
"What about communication?"
If this was the game he wanted to play, it was now John's turn to ask. "What for?"
"What the fuck do you think you're doing, John?"
"Far from everything I need to know."
"I have never lost my trust in you. There would be no good in me if I did so now." He smiled.
"I won't give up so easily," declared Sherlock. He had his eyes fixed on the rooftops and took John's hand. "Come with me."
Sherlock didn't move, was like a solid rock around this catastrophe. He just stared. Motionless.
Sherlock set the cup and saucer, along with freshly brewed tea, on the side table next to the armchair he had not reserved for his violin. Now he was carefully placing the instrument into its rightful case, fingers gentle and considered as if he was holding a newborn. John could not help but think that he had beautiful hands. He would have very much liked to enter the room before the piece of music had ended. To see him. Long fingers caressing the strings and the bow stroking them as gently as he was now holding the fiddle itself. Would he play with his eyes sharp and focused, gaze stoic and concentrated, thinking? Or would he let his eyes fall shut, all at ease with the instrument, himself and the world, thinking about nothing at all and turning off the gears in his racing mind for a few minutes?
"Mine," it gasped, close to his ear, voice so unholy it would restrain a hundred wooden stakes.
A few minutes later he was attaching the arm to his shoulder. John's hand was placed on Sherlock's shoulder blade and, despite all of his protest, he gave his best not to break anything. Sherlock's body felt hard underneath his grip. He had no idea what the detective even was, what he was made of, how he came to exist. He was fairly sure that he was not alive but undead, an experiment of someone else's sick mind and a product of madness. That was why he thought, as he mounted arm to shoulder, about how reasonable it was to interact with a machine, and above all, to argue with one.
“Definitely tomorrow.”
blind) but won't acknowledge him as a human being, won't consider that other parts of him could also have the ability to shine. For a long time he wouldn't have believed in such outrageous assertions, either. He was the brain, he has
"Eh, no. I'm- I'm a doctor. A trained doctor. I live here. With a roof over my head and everything."
"We're here. We must postpone your big début."
Only now Sherlock can feel it, too. John's own desire. He fills him up with it so completely like his tongue is filling his mouth and it makes him feel whole again. Makes him feel what he has been missing since this morning, something he didn't think he could ever have not even twenty four hours ago. When Sherlock opens his mouth wider, he dares to push back against John's tongue, the feel of it making him shiver. There is nothing to think about anymore, and his mouth feels like fireworks would explode in it. A moan is crawling up his throat, a vibration spreading out from all over his chest up to his lips, and he wraps his arms around John's neck to pull him even closer.
, something whispered to him. Somewhere in the distance he heard the crow's cry again. Walking between white pillars to the yard of the museum complex, eyes sharp, ears on alert, the realisation came to him naturally.
"...Yes?"
The next piece was faster. John adjusted the pace of their dance on his own. Sherlock smirked down at him. He looked impressed.
"Oh, come on." He takes a look at Rosie. She seems to love stupid cat videos just as much as he does. "I know that one!"
Sherlock looked at him from under his lashes, still smiling away sweetly. John already knew he couldn't say no to this.
John had eyed this Anderson person with a certain suspicion and spleen the entire time he spoke. There was something about his tone, about the way in which he moved his hands and guided his facial expressions. But Sherlock ignored all of this most passionately. It showed again that he didn't do nonsense. John could admire that.
He quickly took his hat off and held it in front of him with both hands. "Er, hello. I'm Dr John Watson, I am here to look after Ms Adler. Is she in?"
It was
"You know Ms Irene Adler, Dr Watson?"
"Black magic." He breathed the words in awe.
but oh God, oh God, now he is seeing, now he is finally able to connect the dots, because it is the exact same expression.
John bit the insides of his cheek and tried not to grin too broadly. Sherlock said please.
Something struck him, then, and he was not sure if this thought was one that should be thought to the end. The war that he knew best, the one that he had fought in himself, the
"It's black magic," he whispered, trying to regain himself. "I won't work. I am no witcher, no genius, I am... I am just me."
Kate was standing in front of the bed, desperately trying to cover her naked body with the bedclothes she was holding in front of her chest. "What the devil is going on?" she cried, but none of them had the time to answer. The spiders were already here, rushing through the open door in a swarm, crawling to get to them from all sides, climbing up the wallpaper, the ceiling, the floor. All they could do was stare in shock, but Sherlock's gaze was the first turn its attention to John again.
"There is no other way," the General said. "Let's raise a last glass. For the world as we know it will change when the sun sets by tomorrow." They raised their glasses of golden liquor. "To our troops."
"Now!" Sherlock announced and the excitement in his face reappeared as he clapped his hands. "You'll go to The Prof and say that you have cured her. If I am correct in my speculations of what happened to her, this musn't even be a lie. Once that is done, we will meet again and discuss how to proceed further."
Sherlock raised his arm high up in the air and out shot a hook with a rope long enough to reach from where Sherlock's hand had been to the edge of the roof above. He was holding John, pressing him closer and John was wrapping his arms around his shoulders.
John wanted to object, but he only found himself pursing his lips in quiet disagreement as she took the jacket out of his hands and attempted to hang it up on one of the free hooks. Both of them stilled for a moment when the lady seemed to have felt something that made her freeze in motion. Exactly the kind of situation John wanted to avoid. He swallowed, trying to stay calm enough to quickly think of a possible excuse. But she was faster.
But Sherlock utterly, completely loses it when John shifts and the soft kisses grow into something that is anything and everything, but it is not innocent at all. He kneels between Sherlock's legs and (oh, the
, don’t you think?"
"Oh, please do," Sherlock said calmly.
Sherlock (
"No," John begged him under his breath. "No, no, no. No, don't. Don't.
"'t was a joy, you know? Watching her killing him," the man said. "Your lover. Makes me enjoy killing you just a little more."
It's time to answer some questions that are long overdue. Moriarty, the Woman, Sherlock Holmes ... What do they all have in common? What made them like this?
Screams. Deafening, earsplitting, vicious. It shouldn't get to him so much, the sound of them burning and dying from the silver easing through their pale flesh. It shouldn't be so horrible.
"You can leave us alone now, Kate," she said, not taking her eyes off him.
Another woman had raised her voice and reduced the group to renewed silence. By looking more and more closely through the bunch of people, they slowly dissolved into various personalities, all very different from each other and far less threatening than they had appeared to be at first. The next face that caught John’s attention had him actually gaping.
The doorbell rings. He pauses the video and looks around. He doesn't know what he has expected to find. Putting his friend called whiskey on the table, he stands up to go and open the door. The person waiting for him on the other side is … No. No way, no way,
"Why did you deny it?"
"Sherlock? I'm so, so sorry, but I think-"
In which Irene Adler tells the story of how Moriarty brings life back into the dead.
"Hold on! I am not going to carry your bloody eyeball with me like some kind of accessory!"
Sherlock feels the tears and the dark thoughts return at John's words. No, not now.
His mouth clasped shut as soon as he had crossed the door frame and saw the room was inhabited already. Including
No. No, no, no. He wasn’t allowed. It wasn’t allowed for him to touch James. It couldn’t last. They couldn’t last.
"Yes. Perhaps even dead, by now. As does everyone else who sees but does not observe. Why?"
"That is, very roughly put, what Irene Adler does. Why there are
John was furrowing his brows. "Nothing, really. Already forgot most of it."
At the hospital, Sherlock decided that he couldn’t concentrate on texting, so pressed his speed dial to call Victor. The line rang out and he rang off with an indignant huff. Lazy bastard was probably sleeping.
“Can’t you’ve got work tonight.”
close. To put it simply, he almost
Sherlock sat in the cafeteria of Bart’s Hospital, looking at what was on the menu for lunch. Neither looked particularly appetising, but Molly had made him promise he would eat something other than a packet of crisps out of the vending machine while he worked.
“With pleasure. And I’ll be taking my ‘analogies and theories’ with me, since you obviously don’t need my help.” Sherlock spun around, his Belstaff buffeting on the slight breeze and opened the door, flouncing to Dimmock’s desk and gathering the folder. It was only a copy, anyway.
“Excellent, darling. Congratulations. Done what?” Irene sipped at her wine, watching Victor with a raised eyebrow.
“I was on the phone to Sherlock!” Victor snapped. “Have you somehow forgotten that he doesn’t know you’re here?! He thinks I’m alone on a business trip, for Christ’s sake!”
“Been over at Molly’s. Needed to have a cup of tea with Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock grumbled. “I met the Devil’s even more unfriendly half-brother today and he completely punctured me.”
Irene looked at him over her wine glass. “And how does Jim feel about it?”
