Dean frowned, trying to smell his own shirt, not detecting a hint of the alpha. "How can you even tell, Dad?" he asked instead of answering.
Dean chuckled, his own hands now clutching at his mate’s hips. “I thought you might like it,” he admitted.
He came face to face with Jo and Benny carrying plastic bags, while he could hear Gabriel's voice complaining in the background. "Seriously, poor me baking you lot all these goodies and you leave me fend for myself with all these bags? That's not fair. This reminds me of the time I drew a picture of a dinosaur for my brother's birthday when we were little and he thanked me for drawing him a submarine."
Castiel looked him in the eye. "Then trust me, Dean. Trust me that you are safe with me and come home with me."
The ticket girl looked bored stiff but she did make an effort to smile at them, so Dean didn't feel rubbed the wrong way. Much.
?” Meg impatiently asked Dean, her brief moment of empathy apparently over with. “You ready to deal with this like an adult? Show the press what you’re made of?”
Charlie pouted but accelerated as she turned onto a main road. Dean leaned back in his seat, surprised that despite his nervousness, he felt comfortable being around these people even though he’d known them for only a few minutes.
It was Cas’ turn to chuckle. “Sweetheart,” he interrupted the spate of words, “it doesn’t hurt to have two different kinds of beans."
“For you,” the alpha told him with a gummy smile. “I saw it in a shop window and thought you might find it useful.”
It concluded by saying to remember that just because you disagreed, it didn’t mean that one party was right and the other was wrong. It was possible that you just had different points of view on a certain problematic issue based on what sort of background you came from and your different sets of values.
Tearing off the wrapper around the stick, he sat down on the toilet. He’d suddenly needed to pee while he was showering and might have just gone, letting the urine run down the drain, but it had finally clicked what Charlie must have meant, so he held it in. After taking the time to rummage around in the vanity, he was getting desperate.
He arrived at the brownstone half an hour later and found Castiel’s wingtips in the hallway. The omega grinned as he realised his mate was home. “Cas?” he called out.
“Thank God,” Dean mumbled, his concern transforming into anger now that he knew his dad would be okay. “You bastard,” he muttered.
“Be that as it may,” Cas interjected, “it sounds cute coming from you, Dean.” He then leaned down to kiss the omega sweetly. Dean pressed himself closer, prolonging the contact.
They needed to get a new coffee machine, Dean thought absently. The one they had must have a defect since it dripped way too slowly.
“Castiel,” the senator from New York greeted them with a warm smile. “And this must be your mate,” he noted, turning to Dean with a friendly smile.
Dean widened his eyes. "No! Oh God, Bobby, I didn't mean it like that. I don't really care how much you pay me as long as it's something I can add to our family piggy bank. I just really wanted to work on cars, that's all."
“Can I help you?” a young woman asked, glancing at the bags Dean was carrying and apparently deciding he could afford to shop in this store as he’d already been to Nordstrom.
in the search bar and was immediately surprised by how many new articles were up. “Huh,” he muttered.
Dean felt warmth settle in his chest and he curled his hands in between their bodies in a self-conscious gesture. "What does that mean?"
Then again, Dean mused, warmth suffusing him, Cas had always been really considerate of him and concerned for his well-being. Maybe it wasn’t such an atypical question after all.
Dean gave Bobby a lopsided grin. "His name is Castiel," he said, "just so you don't have to call him 'the person' because that's weird."
Charlie laughed before sobering up. “It looked for a little while like the ‘new Christianity’ was gonna be good for omegas - Luther’s group had what were considered ‘freethinkers’ - but that didn’t last long. It feels like it’s only just changing now, you know?”
Gabe started laughing, clutching at his stomach. “You should’ve seen your face. Honey, if you got any more red, you’d be a tomato! I can’t believe how easily embarrassed you are.”
Half an hour later, both his clothes and his teeth clean, Dean made his way back downstairs and went about rustling himself up some brekkie. He settled upon toast with bacon and some scrambled egg yolks - putting away the egg whites so he could make chocolate mousse later on.
Dean reckoned that ‘not uncommon’ likely equated with ‘rarely’ so he threw out, “Like, what? One other kid in a million?”
P.S. Anyone has any ideas of what you'd like to see in this story, let us know :) We might take some inspiration.
Dean turned his brother around and pushed him back into the room. "Now come on, champ, we're going to play a video game and you're going to like it."
"Mr Singer, is it?" said Cas as he exited his car, stepping around a frozen Dean and offering Bobby his hand to shake. "Dean has spoken very nicely about you."
Dean rolled his eyes. "No idea," he snapped and ran up the stairs to lock himself in his room. He wasn't in the mood for one of John's lectures about proper omega behaviour. It always sounded as if omegas were supposed to be nice and sweet-smelling all the time, regardless of their actual mood.
Dean stared at him incredulously. “Yeah, but it’s Castiel’s money. I can’t exactly do whatever I want with it.”
“Get out of the house. Right now,” Dean ordered, “and wait for us out front. Hide if he comes looking for you, you hear?”
Dean shrugged. "Sammy's not really interested in it anyway, so Dad might end up giving it to me in the end. I don't really know. I could've used it a few days ago though."
The alpha grunted at the back of his throat, kissing the mating gland on Dean's left shoulder. "Are you sure? Have you thought about this before?"
"Will you please not tell Gabe about this? I want to talk to Cas myself," said Dean, and he meant it too. He just needed some time to settle his thoughts and decide what to do - or not do - about his different opinion on politics.
“No, of course not!” the older man immediately assured him. “I didn’t mean to put a damper on your mood. I
Dean shrugged. "Maybe not, but what if you didn't have me? What if you didn't have an omega brother? What would you think then?"
Dean did as he was told, weaving through the people blindly to go back and sit down on Charlie's blanket. He felt off-kilter after the conversation he just had and he wasn't sure why. It wasn't like anything really happened; they just literally spoke about speaking together later on.
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment before focusing back on Dean. "You're right. You are always going to be a lot younger; yet I believe that you are able to think for yourself." He paused. "I will ask only one more time, Dean. Are you sure?"
Dean had only heard about it secondhand, the boys crawling onto the bed while he’d been even more of a weepy mess and a pale-faced Noah gulping out, “Is ’Ron gonna die?” Noah only shortened his brother’s name like that when he was overexcited or stressed.
This time, the teenager couldn’t hold back a small whimper and a breathless gasp of “More!” as he tried to push Cas’ shoulders lower.
“On the other hand,” the senator persisted once the ruckus had died down, “I don’t believe the state’s health care plan should cover the cost of abortion, except under extenuating circumstances such as pregnancy resulting from assault or a life-threatening pregnancy.” He paused, eyeing his colleagues. “Everyone is responsible for their own actions and should therefore accept the consequences, however unpleasant they deem them to be.”
Dean couldn't help himself any longer and burst out laughing, getting joined soon by the rest of the car. He was really glad he’d decided to come.
Castiel still seemed hesitant. "You do realize that if we want it to take, we are going to have to actually have penetrative-"
Dean twisted his head around to look at his mate and smiled. It still gave him a thrill whenever he thought of the older man as his mate. Before getting to know Castiel, he’d thought he’d never want to be mated. He hadn’t believed that an alpha could be a partner, rather than just another authority figure who’d order him about.
Dean was still thinking about what he had read when he was cooking breakfast the next morning. He had learnt a lot of things his father never bothered to tell him. About how omegas earned only seventy cents to every alpha's dollar; how they couldn’t work certain jobs, like for example join the military because they were considered too weak; how they used to be kept as sex slaves hundreds of years ago; and how some alphas still felt they were entitled to any unmated omega they encountered.
I hope life's treating you well. I heard from Charlie that you got the job you wanted, so CONGRATS!!! We need to celebrate that. Now what I'm writing to you about (other than reminding you of my awesome existence), my big bad brother asked me about you and wondered if you'd be willing to meet up with him sometime. To be serious, I think his intentions are anything but pure - Cassie probably wants to make sure you vote for him the next time there's an election, you should never trust politicians!
The senator tilted his head, smile still playing on his lips. "Don't worry about it" - he waved his little stumble off - "now I can see you're anxious to start talking; how about you tell me something about yourself?"
John gave him an incredulous look. "I am being nice, boy, I just don't want your alpha to take advantage of your goodwill."
Dean was just about to reply when he felt the warm appendage tease at the folds of his opening, followed by cool air being blown across the wet spot. The little stream of slick that slid out of him was completely involuntary.
Castiel noticed him staring and tipped the bag over to Dean. "You want some?" he asked and Dean couldn't refuse.
Dean followed him silently over to a nice brown Ford Mustang from the seventies. A really good car if Dean was to judge. "I like the car, Senator," he said, making Castiel grin again.
Then again, he was getting a bit lost in the politics of it, thought Dean. He had never been interested in anything like that before and suddenly he was getting all this information and it was seriously muddling his brain. He felt as if he couldn't really trust his judgement; yet he reckoned he shouldn't just blindly trust Castiel's either.
His little brother immediately swung the door open, sizing Dean up with wild eyes. "You're mated," he noted in an awed voice.
“No!” Noah yelled. “We’s good. Santa comes, right, Unca Gabby?” He looked up at Gabriel, his green eyes imploring his uncle to confirm that they were good from under a shock of dark brown hair.
Bobby edged his chair in on Dean’s other side, forcing Charlie closer to Meg. Sliding her chair an inch or two towards Gabe and the twins, the political coach asked with asperity, “What happened to you, oilcan? Last I checked, you were right behind me.”
What if he forgot to tell them something important? Warn them off of something potentially dangerous? Or what if he fell asleep while they were out at some party and didn't check on them? What if his baby started crying and he didn't understand what it wanted? He would screw them up for life.
Castiel released a deep breath, squeezing the omega tightly. “Okay,” he whispered in the younger man’s ear, “I’m sorry.”
Everyone else made sounds of agreement and found their own spots to sit. Dean watched Gabe and Jo settle on the floor in front of the couch and Castiel sit in an armchair to the left of the couch. The only other available seat was on the other side of Gilda and Dean knew that would be Charlie's place no matter what, so he settled next to Jo in between the couch and the armchair.
“No, I do not,” Cas assured him, squeezing the hand he was holding. “Besides, scary as it was, something good has come out of all of this. Aaron seems to have finally learned his lesson.”
Dean clenched his fists together on the kitchen table, a whine of distress escaping him as he recalled how the people in the ER had taunted him and John. The nurse who’d been bombarding him with questions even motioned a security guard over, as though fearing Dean would… The omega still had no idea what she’d been so scared of. True, he’d been frantic to get to Aaron, with the beta nurse refusing to provide an update on how the tyke was doing, but it wasn’t like he’d actually hit the woman.
“I was leafing through an old photo album,” John began quietly. “One with pictures of the four of us - your mum, me, you and Sammy as a baby - and it suddenly hit me that I’ve failed all of you. Mary would never have forgiven me for becoming such a shit dad. I can’t believe I practically left you to raise yourself - and Sammy too.” Wracking sobs began to course through his body as he doubled over.
"People don't like to hear this but we do need to manage our money carefully and think about the future; we can't just keep giving to everyone who outstretches their hand."
Dean's hands were sweating where he was clutching them together in his lap and his knees felt weak with nervousness. His vision was a bit unfocused, and Dean tried to tell himself that he didn't make a mistake when he decided not to take the anti-nausea pill his father had offered him in the morning. You're an omega, he had told him; you need all the help you can get. Dean had just rolled his eyes, telling his father he would be fine.
The main idea of their article was that while arguments were destructive, disagreements and discussions were actually useful for the development of a person's opinion and a good analysis of facts, making them a healthy addition to a relationship.
The senator raised his hand as if to touch his shoulder but immediately dropped it again, stepping away a bit. "I'm not going to hurt you, Dean. I just want to know about how you came to be here. I like to inform myself on these things, so I can do my job more effectively."
Castiel folded his hands in front of himself on the table. "Honestly? Anything you're comfortable sharing. I have to warn you that I might use some of the information you give me while speaking publicly - not naming you of course - just to prove a point or give an example."
Dean thought about it. "Sure? Just, why would you want to spend time with me if we're not going to mate?"
Sam nodded weakly before promptly falling asleep. He went out like a light and Dean had to chuckle softly at how fast it really was.
Dean chuckled, putting his arms around the alpha. “That’s the point, Cas. You know I love working on cars; putting the sweetheart together is half the fun. It makes me feel like I’ve accomplished something when I get a car working, you know? It’s like you feeling good about reforming the system.”
Frustrated, Dean closed his notebook and flopped down on his bed. It was a lost cause. He'd be a virgin until the very day he died. An old wrinkled excuse for an omega with a dried up channel and a shrivelled-
Dean shook his head in disbelief, pouring himself another cup and dousing it with sugar, while Meg pulled out her Blackberry and began tapping at it.
“Trade you,” John suggested, as Noah imitated his brother’s actions, reaching out and burbling, “Dadada.”
Dean disentangled himself from his father's grasp, shrugging him off. "It's not like it has much to do with you, Dad. This doesn't really change anything."
That evening Dean and Cas had another date and despite the way he felt, Dean didn't want to cancel. He did ask Cas to walk with him around the park first though, to burn off a bit of the nervous energy that kept his legs shaking.
Dean thought quickly and hard. "Well, it's mostly going to be omegas, but there will be a few alphas there that would make a good potential mate from what I could tell."
The political coach grinned. “No, honey, that was great PR. Carla is Amarillo’s mistress who got knocked up by accident and then refused to go get an abortion. They had to spin it so that the senator wouldn’t look bad - they managed it too, since Shurley looks like he doesn’t even know how to lie.”
The two men filed into the pristine kitchen and Gabe immediately started pulling out the ingredients he had brought. “I assumed you’d have some eggs, milk and sunflower oil at home,” he said, “so if you could pull out three eggs for me?”
Dean cringed. "No, I don't. I actually feel like he's being really honest but that's why I feel weird about it. I mean, what politician is honest?"
“And everything else,” the political expert asserted confidently. “Especially if any of you Novaks are involved.”
“Okay.” Dean smiled at the redhead. It had been fun catching up with her, but he was getting anxious to shower off the stink of the last few days before Castiel got home.
Dean sighed happily, tugging his mate back in for another kiss. “Love you too,” he returned the sentiment. His hips twitched when he felt Cas tease a finger over the sensitive, aroused spot.
The gruff man almost - but not quite - rolled his eyes. “Bullshit,” he repeated. “You want to enable your old man in his addictions, be my guest. If you really want to help him though, put the money to better use and send him to treatment.”
His father was quiet for a while, his face steadily getting redder and redder, before he finally blew up, “What the flaming heck is this?” he shouted, “You tryin’ to fob me off to some nut house, boy?”
"Dad?" he asked with hesitation, the blissful mood he had been in ever since his night with Cas wavering.
Dean almost choked. Really? After a week of not talking to each other, it was as easy as that? Well that was just stupid. He sent back an affirmative message, telling Cas to meet him at their usual restaurant the next day.
Dean looked around, deciding to quickly straighten out the worst of the living room and the kitchen before going upstairs and tending to his brother. He couldn't also help but feel bitter at the fact that John went to work, leaving a sick Sam at home alone. Immediately Dean felt bad for leaving even if it was just for one night. He should've been here to care for Sammy, not somewhere in the Springs, talking to senators.
Megan knocked back a cup of black coffee in three gulps, immediately pouring another one. “Simply declaring that you aren’t an alcoholic obviously isn’t enough,” she mused, nibbling at a piece of biscotti.
Dean closed his mouth. That made sense. So objectification wasn't only thinking about people as objects, it was disregarding their humanity. Their feelings. Dean thought about what Senator Novak would feel if he heard Jo's comments about his looks. Would he feel dejected because she didn't mention he was a nice, hard-working person?
“It’s more frequent than that,” Castiel countered in that same maddeningly even tone. “According to Dr Shwarz, on average, 510 children who are five years or younger ingest gasoline-”
“Even if there is something to that theory, the paper doesn’t outright accuse you of murder, pet,” Masters observed. “The
Later that night, after slipping quietly into the house as not to wake up Sammy, they talked a bit more about the rehab center and what it meant for John. It was nearing one o’clock at night when Dean and Castiel finally retired to their room, and the tired omega started crying as soon as he got on the bed.
Dean had thought about having sex with Castiel ever since their make-out session four days ago. He thought about how his lips felt against his throat, how his hands glided down his sides or how Cas' hot breath tickled the skin of his belly. And Dean wanted a repeat performance. He wanted to feel those things again, his boiling blood rushing past his ears, his hands trembling on the buttons of the older man's shirt.
“Her dad,” Gabe filled in. “Her dad dropped by to say everything is going well, but that it will be a while before Santa makes his rounds.”
Dean stuttered to a halt as he was washing his hands. That was it. That was the inspiration he had been waiting for. He knew what he was going to do for his
"I'm interested... in you," said Dean quietly, avoiding Castiel's eyes, staring at his own lap instead. They were sitting on a park bench on a warm evening, their bodies twisted to face each other, Dean's knee bent to rest against the backrest.
Dean shrugged. "I think he's sleeping right now. I have him some medicine to bring his fever down and I managed to force half a bowl of chicken soup down his throat."
“Brat,” Dean retorted, giving the top of his brother’s head a noogie. “I guess we can tolerate having you.”
Dean then checked his mail, finding messages from both Charlie and Gabriel. Gabe's e-mail was very enthusiastic again, asking about Dean's dinner with Castiel and about how he was doing at the new job. Dean replied in positive terms to both questions, assuring his BBOF everything was all right.
John smiled at the senator, who exited his car, locking the door behind him. "John Winchester," he said with an outstretched hand.
Feeling another wave of tears coming, Dean felt pitiful. He had literally just thrown himself a pity party and he was disgusted with himself. Castiel wouldn't want someone so dramatic. He decided to pop a sleeping pill in the end, as to just fall asleep and forget his gloomy mood.
His brother seemed hesitant to answer, so Dean decided to answer for him: "I'll tell you what you'd think. You'd think whatever our dad would have told you."
The walk home was very upbeat with Dean feeling like he could walk several miles and never get tired. He never knew what being given a chance would actually mean to him. Sure, he was the only candidate to apply for the job but Bobby still could've sent him home when he smelled Dean was an omega - and he did smell it; Dean recognized the twitch of the nose people did when they smelled him.
For good measure, Dean also added a note to learn some formal social etiquette and maybe even sign up for some French classes. Or maybe Spanish. He didn’t want to feel like a simpleton when Cas started speaking in one of the many foreign languages the man knew and Dean didn’t understand.
He shrugged as if he didn't really care. "We talked about politics yesterday and I don't think we agree on much."
“Then you want menswear on the second floor,” the sales clerk informed him, pointing toward the centre of the store. “Take the escalator over there; turn right and you’ll see it.”
Dean pressed his lips together before letting out a breath. "Yeah. I know. But Cas says that there's no money to do that."
Dean hadn't spoken to Castiel ever since their weird conversation, not as much because he didn't want to but because there were always people around. He actually wanted to explain to the politician why he wasn't interested. That it wasn't anything Castiel said or did, that he was really kind of perfect, but Dean just didn't want to date anyone at the moment.
"Look, Dean," he said slowly, turning to face his omega, "we both know that John is a little sexist and irresponsible, but he is still your father."
"Nothing," said his boss with an exasperated look on his face, "You sure you know what you're doing with that man?"
The omega looked around, noticing Cas had led him out on a balcony. “Um, I’m kinda busy at the moment,” he began but was halted by his mate shaking his head. He gave Cas a questioning look.
Dean read the whole article with bated breath, realizing how big of deal the bill really was. If mated omegas could vote separately from their mates, it could seriously change the distribution of votes between the two main political parties. The Conservatives had had preponderance over the Liberals for around twenty years now, and America hadn't seen a Liberal president for almost twice as long.
Dean stared. Twenty-four dead soldiers and it wasn't even any sort of operation. They were just keeping base.
His boss made a placating gesture with his hands. “Okay, Dean, calm down. I wasn’t implying anything.” He paused. “But if he ever treats you badly or doesn’t show you the respect you deserve, you come to me and I’ll kick his bony little arse. Understood?”
he typed in the search engine he used and scowled at the screen as he scrolled through the results. The links were full of articles and rants written by arrogant alphas who claimed omegas couldn’t work for a toffee.
Dean read the text twice, grinning at Charlie's no bullshit attitude. What she said sounded really plausible, so Dean decided to believe her. He could always ask Cas about it if he wasn't sure. He wrote back:
Cas grinned at him, chuckling quietly. "That's all right, Dean. You have all the time in the world to think about it."
He was just putting on the finishing touches when he heard a car pull up out front. Dean ran down the stairs and managed to open the front door before Castiel could knock.
The senator smiled broadly as they entered the room, and Dean tried to see who Cas was looking at, without being obvious about it.
Dean stared. "I wanted to listen what they had to say anyway," said Dean, pouting slightly. He had hoped maybe he would see Cas speaking as well, and he was a bit peeved that he didn't get the chance.
One more thing to do, the young man thought, before his friends arrived. Picking up his phone, he called John for his daily check-in.
Gabe sighed before popping another bonbon in his mouth and muttering, "So Benny's the only one with a ball and chain."
It described Becky's alpha husband who was an author of fantasy novels and couldn't care less about politics. He allegedly always went to vote though, using both of their votes to support Becky's opinion.
Dean smiled but didn't otherwise comment. He hadn’t really expected to see Castiel so soon and he had to admit he was a bit apprehensive about talking to him again. What if he mentioned John writing to him? What if he told him he could never be interested in someone like Dean? What if he didn't want to talk to Dean at all?
The other man shook his hand warmly. "Castiel Novak, pleased to meet you," he said in a deep, raspy voice that Dean would've thought was forced if the guy didn't look so relaxed while talking to him.
Dean had been scowling the whole time he was reading the story, finding himself not being a fan of the Lilith character at all. Who in their right mind would abandon a cause just because they suddenly had a better life? That didn't mean other omegas still didn't suffer from everyday discrimination and bias.
Rufus grumbled from somewhere behind him. "Stupid kids, going out this late. I'd like to see how many of you end up mated to some thugs forcing themselves on you."
"I've got a four-by-four with a damaged drivetrain in the back; the driveshaft is all crooked. God knows how
Who did the British clown think he was? Saying Dean wouldn't think the job was important just because he was an omega. What sort of opinion was that? Being omega had been mostly to his advantage till now, people reacting to his sweet smell with protectiveness and complaisance. His father had told him that as an omega, he didn't have as many responsibilities as an alpha, not having to earn money for his family or make important decisions. He had taught him how to behave in public, being respectful to other sexes, always dressing as not to provoke hot-headed alphas and never going out alone after dark.
Castiel smiled at him, nodding. "Financial crisis. And trust me, it's not going to be the rich who are going to pay the highest price when that happens."
"Where the hell have you been, boy?" he growled out, pulling Dean inside by his arm and slamming the door closed behind them.
Castiel grabbed his hand to calm his jittery movements. "That's the whole point of trying new things, Dean. You don't have to be nervous; there's no right or wrong here. If you don't like the meal, you don't have to finish it; all I ask is that you try."
The older man shook his head at him, walking further through the exhibition, tugging Dean with him. They found themselves in a lighter room with tanks full of colourful fish. They walked around for a bit, before they ended up at the starfish tank.
When they finally pulled up in front of John’s house what seemed like hours later, Sam dashed out from behind the old oak tree growing in their front yard and threw his arms around his older brother, nearly sobbing in relief.
The young omega could feel moisture pooling in his lacy boy shorts. He’d dug out a pair of the risqué underwear that he’d purchased a few years ago, pleased to discover that they fit as well as they had back then. Well, almost. The waistband had kept rolling under, but he’d solved that by tugging them down on his hips. He had a feeling Cas would like the way they looked, maybe even more than when he last wore them...
The alpha slowly put his now empty glass on the coffee table before turning to Dean more fully. "Come here, Dean," he said, his voice raspy and low.
It was a testament to how Sam felt that he didn't even bother to argue, just turned around and slinked off back to his room.
"Something healthy to alleviate the sugar and fat poisoning we're sure to have after tonight," he had said when asked.
Dean shuddered, tightening his hand on Cas' thick bicep. "I did nothing but think about it for days, Cas. I want you. I want to be your mate and I want you to be mine."
Cas’ eyebrows rose in surprise. “I hope it’s not going to cause you problems with John,” he murmured. “I wouldn’t want to make things even more difficult for you.”
They entered the room, Dean walking up to the person responsible for letters U to Z and showing him his ID and a voting pass. The guy nodded, crossed out his name from the list with a bored expression and asked him if he had his ballot with him or if he needed a new one.
"Yeah, that. I mean, I like you and I think you're, uh, good-looking but I'm just..." Dean trailed off again, looking for words.
Dean glanced down, surprised to see that the redhead was correct. He honestly thought that he’d taken no more than a sip of the tea. His body must need the hydration even more than he’d expected. “Sure,” he replied, nudging the cup and saucer toward Charlie.
chat and immediately starting a session with Charlie who he noticed was online. Well, she was really constantly online, Dean wasn't sure if she was even ever sleeping.
"It's not though, Sam," said Dean in exasperation, "it shows what alphas think about us. It makes people who listen to the song think it's all right to treat us like things just because a famous singer says so."
Cas nodded before making a dismissive gesture with his hand. "We can forget about that. I do admit that I was a bit disconcerted at first but after I thought it through carefully, I decided not to be petty and let it go."
Dean raised his eyebrows, setting the tea on Sam's bedside table. "Really? Show me the thermometer."
"I suppose I find myself not working for the first time in your presence and I allowed myself to look at you as a person rather than an omega activist. I'm sorry if my attention is unwelcome."
They both turned to look at him, Bobby's stare doubtful and Castiel's appreciative. "Thank you, Dean," he told him in his raspy voice.
“You are young and pretty, so it’s going to take time to change the public’s opinion of you and other omegas. The best way to do that, love, is with your attitude, especially when you accompany me at public appearances,” Castiel stated seriously, looking his young mate directly in the eyes. “I couldn’t be prouder that you chose me as a mate, you know.”
Dean scowled at Bobby. “Why wouldn’t he? Why do you always run Cas down like that? Not all alphas are bad, just like not all betas and omegas are good.”
Good, he thought once he found it; it hadn’t quite reached the expiry date and should still be effective. He wasn’t sure why he’d bought a kit with two of the tests a few years back; he must’ve thought he might need another one if the first test turned out negative.
“Uh, I’m not sure,” Dean admitted. “I was just scrolling through the day’s headlines and clicked on one with your name in it. I’m sure I can find it again, though.”
Castiel seemed taken aback for a second, before a small smile spread on his face. "I suppose I will have to watch the films then."
The omega didn't resist his instinct to envelop the distraught boy in his arms. "Sammy," he whispered in his brother's ear, "you know I could never forget you. I'm going to visit you a lot, I promise. And you can come visit too, you know? I'm sure Cas would be able to find you a nice room in his nice house so you could sleep over."
Castiel gave him a small smile but Bobby huffed at him. "Don't pretend you haven't been eavesdropping behind the door, boy. You're so predictable it hurts."
Another pat. "How is it different, Dean? We have money; it is as simple as that. It doesn't make us better than anyone but it doesn't make us worse either - it doesn't mean we are snobs or stuck up or any other thing you might be thinking right now. Don't let your father make you feel guilty."
That evening, when Dean was sitting on their couch, cuddled up to Cas, he felt really good about the whole visit. "Thank you for making me invite them, Cas," he whispered.
from him before he had the burner off. Cas must be more than ‘a little hungry.’ It made him even happier, however, that he’d arranged a special ‘birthday eve’ meal for just his husband and him. It was important for them to occasionally enjoy a bit of child-free time. Well, mostly, he amended in the privacy of his own mind, a small smile on his lips.
The omega sighed. This was a point of disagreement between Dean and Castiel, since the younger man believed abortion should be free for everyone, regardless of the circumstances. He was nevertheless proud of his mate for pursuing greater freedom of choice for all omegas and betas. So were many of his omegaist friends - some of them were even supporting Castiel’s idea of paid abortions, which was mildly surprising to Dean.
“So, how’s mated life treating you?” the older omega asked him in midst of all the baking. “I already told all of my friends that my big brother has finally tied the knot - if you know what I mean - but I haven’t really talked to him.”
"Dean Winchester," said a slightly raspy voice from the inside of the office and Dean immediately stood up to go in.
"Thank you," was the choked response. "I know you promised that we'd see each other all the time but..."
They arrived at Cherlie's flat ten minutes later and Charlie started grumbling about not having a place to park her car since in her usual spot was Benny's motorbike. "That tosser," mumbled Charlie as she pushed Dean out of the car; "go and drag that piece of metal out of there."
Castiel kissed him again. "That can be arranged," he growled as his slid his thick thigh in between Dean's spread legs, pressing against his half-hard member.
The alpha was standing at the foot of the bed, drinking him in with darkened eyes and a fully erect hardness standing proudly between his legs.
Dean replied, “Me neither. I didn’t know it right away, but now… I think maybe we were destined for each other.” He blushed, feeling a little embarrassed to have expressed such a notion.
We welcome any kind of feedback (but the good one is obviously better, duh) and will love you no matter what you have to say to us :)
“-and we won’t want to have pounding heads when the twins come home tomorrow,” Castiel finished, huffing out a laugh.
It went a lot smoother afterwards, Dean feeling only sparse tingles of pain as Cas steadily slid further and further into the hot channel.
Unfortunately, going by all the booing and yelling, it seemed that Senator Novak’s opinion was in the minority in the senate.
“Nine in favor!” Gabe exulted, more votes having been cast while the three friends were chatting. “They’re coming in fast!”
Placing a hand at the small of Dean’s back, Castiel ushered his mate into the cavernous room where the soiree was taking place. The omega wanted to shrink back against Cas but forced himself to stand upright, pasting a smile that was more of a grimace on his face.
"And you did?" snarled John. "I don't remember you working your butt off for the money you now have access to." His father paused in thought. "Actually, maybe you did," he finished snidely.
We’re sorry for abandoning you lot for so long, we don't have a good reason other than that this chapter just wouldn't write itself. In the end, we just typed something up and hoped for the best, so it might not be up to the usual standard.
"Hmm?" hummed the alpha against his skin, causing Dean to forget his line of thought as he moaned. It would have been so embarrassing had Castiel not immediately followed him with a moan of his own.
The dam broke. "It's just that... Now that you're mated, it's going to be different. You're going to leave me alone with Dad and you're going to be living in a nice house and you're not going to visit and you're going to forget all about me and I don't want that," the youngster rambled.
Dean burst out laughing, the mood immediately elevated. "Oh, Cas." He grinned. "You can be funny when you want to."
He felt new tears sliding down his cheeks but he didn't brush at them. It was only appropriate he looked like shit when he felt like shit.
“Yes,” the mechanic replied, trying to appear confident, “I’m interested in those blue boy shorts in the window. Do you have them in a size medium?”
Dean shrugged. "Look, I'm sorry for how I, uh, let you down. I didn't mean to offend you or anything."
Dean looked after him for a second and curiously gaining courage at the man's cowardice, he turned back to the bearded man. "I have plenty of experience, sir. I worked mostly on-"
Dean watched the senator open the crisps and was struck by how weird it was to watch a US senator he had seen on the TV just the other day eat crisps.
Still, it was good to know that there were couples out there that were equals - well, Becky seemed to have the upper hand actually.
They played something between fifteen and twenty games before flopping down on the blanket in exhaustion. Dean closed his eyes for a moment, and it was a testament to how good he felt around these people that he fell asleep.
“And Bob’s your uncle!” announced Gabriel as he put the concoction in the oven at the required hundred and eighty degrees. “Just set it for forty-five minutes and it’ll be ready. Then we can fill it with my homemade redcurrant jam and pour some chocolate spread over it.”
Now, as he shut the door to the house behind him, he was about to call out for his dad, when he suddenly espied a giggling, chubby-legged toddler waddling into the living room, moving along at a pretty good clip. Next, he spotted John duckwalking behind the child, who was attired in only a diaper and a bright blue tee. His dad pretended to grab for the little one, letting out a cry of mock outrage when he intentionally missed. The tyke squealed in glee, tottering along a little faster.
Castiel stopped and seemed to actually think about what Dean was saying to him - which made the omega feel a bit better about himself for standing up to the older man. "Explain it to me then," Cas finally said.
The teenager shrugged. “Maybe, but it feels right. I feel like it might be my second shot at a happy family, you know?”
Dean found himself grinning at the other man and he felt the rest of his nervousness leave his body.
“Sweetheart.” The older man took Dean in his arms, tenderly kissing him before saying, “This situation isn’t your fault. It’s just bad luck that someone saw us. Some reporters are unethical and will make the ‘facts’ fit whatever scenario they envision, just so they can get credit for a scoop.”
Dean looked in the refrigerator to see whether all the ingredients were there to make Spaghetti Carbonara. Cooking for Castiel was such a pleasure since the man didn’t expect or demand it. There was also plenty of money for all sorts of fresh ingredients. With their forays into different types of cuisine, Dean had discovered various different dishes he wanted to try his hand at preparing, so it was good that Castiel was willing to be his taste tester. And if those taste tests sometimes led to other activities? Dean had no complaints whatsoever.
Well, at least not until he was sure the person he was with was a good person and a good mate. Then he might actually consider it but no sooner.
Of course I was. I remember I was so nervous I hardly managed to take off her blouse and then she had to help me unclasp her bra. I had to help her unbutton my own trousers though, so I didn't feel too bad about fumbling. In the end, the sex itself wasn't even that wonderful. It wasn't bad, mind you, but I have experienced much better since then. Anna was a lovely girl though.
drank coffee. Well, almost never, he amended his thought. She’d downed cup after cup of black coffee when she was figuring out how best to deal with the alcoholism rumours about him. If there was ever another situation that required a high-octane petrol, the current mess was it.
Noticing this, Sammy unwittingly echoed Castiel, “I think that bill’s gonna pass, Dean. Lots of the other students say their parents support it, which means they’re keeping the pressure on their government representatives.”
Dean scowled in anger and disappointment but managed to shake hands with the man nonetheless and leave with his head held high. Let the other men in the plastic chairs think he got the job.  He walked out, heading for the closest bus stop.
We welcome any kind of feedback (but the good one is obviously better, duh) and will love you no matter what you have to say to us :)
“Don’t worry pet,” Meg reassured him. “This’ll blow over soon. There’s always a fresh scandal to keep the gossips busy.”
Dean grinned at the words, hearing both the political coaching as well as the genuine passion in Castiel's voice. The guy really knew how to talk, though that Roman guy was quite persuasive as well. Had Dean not read so much about the issues omagists were trying to solve, he might have even believed him.
“Nonsense,” the other omega dismissed his comment; “it would be brilliant. Just think of how popular they’d be.”
The older man gave him an amused look but followed suit in undressing. It didn't take them long to stand almost naked in front of each other, both sporting only their boxer briefs.
Meg immediately took a gulp of the dark brew, her eyes glinting in pleasure. For the umpteenth time, Dean questioned whether her eyes were a deep brown or black, again deciding they had to be a dark brown. No one had black eyes, did they?
Jo nodded, smirking slyly. "He is hot, if a bit old for an unmated alpha; he's like thirty-eight or something."
“I could never do without you as my mate,” Cas declared, turning Dean onto his back and covering his body with his own. “I love you.”
And the last chapter is finally here. Be honest, you didn't think we'd ever get to this point, did you? :D We want to express our sincere thanks to those who supported us throughout this story, we probably wouldn't have finished this without you.
"This is serious, Gabe," Dean hissed. "You shouldn't be telling me what your brother trusted you to keep a secret."
John blinked at him in surprise. “Have you clued Bobby into this plan of yours? I’m pretty much persona non grata at his garage.”
Dean changed the channel. Normally he would be interested in such a story but with the things that had just happened, he wasn't in the mood. He commended the girl for not wanting to change and he respected her right to want to be judged on her abilities, but with Dean's emotions as raw as they were, he felt disgusted by everything. Maybe she should just accept the fact that singers in this era had to fit a certain mould and that she just wasn't cut out for it. Just like Dean had to accept the fact that a freckled omega with a love of cars was nothing like what a senator would like in a mate.
Naturally enough, Dean hadn’t considered it from that perspective. After a moment’s thought, he stuttered, “N- no, I mean-” Becoming surer as he spoke, he finished, “Yeah, I would. I can see now why the nurse might have worried Aaron was abused. She was still a bitch though,” he muttered.
Dean looked out of the window, watching the countryside passing by. "I'm sorry to hear that," he said finally.
The omega snorted. “Right, because-” he paused, his eyes falling upon a beautifully wrapped box on their coffee table. “What’s that?”
Castiel slid his hands down Dean's back, settling them at the hem of his T-shirt. "Let me," he whispered, kissing Dean's nervous look away.
Cas must’ve read his mind because he didn’t push Dean about eating the scones, instead gently coaxing, “Try a bite if you feel up to it, love. They’ll keep till tomorrow, if not.”
“I do,” Castiel murmured, sliding to his knees and installing himself between Dean’s thighs. “I really do.”
Dean slid under the covers, snuggling into his mate’s arms, but he couldn’t stop crying. “Why am I such a weepy mess?” he wailed. “It’s a good thing that Dad’s getting help.”
His dad had put the twins down for a nap, and then he and Bobby decamped to the living room to watch an episode of
Dean shook his head, feeling a mix of understanding, uncertainty and frustration. “No one’s disputing that, Cas,” he told his lover. “Bobby didn’t mean to step on any toes.”
He looked around the yard and walked over to a pile of scrunched up metal that could've been a pretty sweet Mercedes convertible from the eighties. He looked it over, inspecting the frame, the wheel sway bars and the brakes - determining what parts would be easily replaced and what parts were done in. Sadly, the frame of the Mercedes was so bent out of shape they would literally have to get a new one, which was a stupid idea.
Dean was about to answer, when his phone started buzzing in his pocket. “Uh, oh, sorry,” he mumbled, patting his pockets to try and locate the device. When he finally pulled it out and looked at the screen, his already unhappy mood worsened. The word
he also set down two plastic cups containing bits of the cookies softened in milk. “Want me to put them in their highchairs?” he asked.
The politician sighed, not saying anything for a moment. "I think," he finally started, "I think we should give your father the money."
Dean let the spoon clatter onto the counter, hurrying over to his mate and gripping his biceps. “I’m so sorry, Cas, I never meant to cause you so much trouble.”
Bile rose up in his throat and the omega barely managed to swallow it back down. Oh God, Dean thought, remembering all the weird food combinations and dizzy spells of the past two or three weeks, he was definitely pregnant. Glancing at the clock, the omega figured he had just enough time to pop to the store and buy a pregnancy test before his friends arrived. He kept on panicking as he climbed on the bus, feeling like he was too young to have children. He had different priorities right now - Sammy, his father, Cas, the Voting bill and his omegaist group friends…
"But how?" Dean had heard about forced mating bites but they were no longer recognized by law as a sign of a real mating, so he figured the days of forced marriage were over. The teachers in school also told them that there were ways - like medication or surgery - in which you could get rid of the bite, though it was a bit uncomfortable.
“Um, Dean.” The younger lad shifted uneasily from foot to foot. “You’re still kind of a dork - but I want you to know that I really like living here with you and Castiel, okay?”
He was in his room, having come home from work a few minutes ago, a bag of burgers and chips on the bed next to him because he couldn't be bothered to cook dinner. He sighed heavily, leaning back into his pillows.
Castiel shrugged. "I, uh... I don't invite many people into my home. In fact, I don't think I've ever brought a love interest over."
Dean stared at the computer screen in front of him for a few long minutes, unable to properly process what he’d just realized. It was so natural to think it that he didn't even notice in at first but when he did, he panicked. Wasn't it too soon? Should he tell him? What if Cas didn't feel the same? Should he wait for Cas to say it first?
Dean choked on his words, as the hot feeling of embarrassment spread through his chest, his lungs suddenly deprived of air. "Dad, that's... that's... I can't believe you said that."
Dean grinned at his father, remembering hearing John call him and Sammy by that nickname, back when Sam was practically a newborn. It stemmed from the couple of stints John had done in the army, when he was stationed in Germany for a few years, the omega suspected. “A couple of beetles getting the better of you, dad?” he teased, leaning over to bestow a kiss on Noah, the imp in the blue T-shirt.
Dean sat down near Charlie, leaning back to prop himself on his elbows. "This is really nice," he said after a while, hearing Charlie hum in answer.
Then Cas ended up in a meeting that ran over, and the following day, Dean was enmeshed in the guts of a Porsche 911, replacing the engine. That resulted in tonight being the first time they had the will to contemplate more - and the luxury of the house to themselves.
He had four new mails, two of them spam, one a newsletter form some site he had signed up to in the past and one from Gabriel.
A discussion about what it meant to be a good parent broke out after that, while Dean stuffed another caviar canapé into his mouth. It was gonna be a long evening still…
He got Jo talking about her mother's joint called Roadhouse and about how she often helped her out behind the bar.
The video cut to a footage from the Senate's debate, where Balthazar Roche was standing at the lectern. If asked, Dean would say he looked a bit desperate.
Once up front, he waited by the Ford to give the car keys to Mr Barton, checking his watch. It was barely one o'clock and he still had until three till he was finished for the day. He figured he might call Cas to spend some time with him, talk about his dad and stuff.
The blond shrugged, a look of fake sympathy on his face. “Then maybe you should try and pay some attention to them every once in a while,” he snarked. “Kids notice if you care more about spending your evenings at the country club than playing with them.”
percent of all omegas work and actually give back to our society. Why should we - as people who earn money to take care of our families - pay for their education if they're not going to use it? Don't get me wrong, I'm all for equal opportunities but unless omegas can work as hard as we do and earn just as much money as we do, I can't justify us paying for something they don't use or need.
Dean bit his lip. He would feel emotional? He already felt emotional; he didn't need more of that! However the image of Cas holding him close, whispering nice things to him was comforting. It might not be too bad; he would just tell Cas he loved him before rolling over and falling asleep, right? No big deal.
"Hi, Dean," Sam, who was sitting cuddled in blankets in front of the telly in the living room, greeted him.
A week after the ‘intervention’ - as Dean now thought of it - found the omega in the kitchen, humming along to
He arrived at the restaurant with minutes to spare but Castiel was already seated at a table. He walked over to him, starting when Castiel stood up to welcome him.
He didn't get a reply but it wasn't like he really expected one, so he stuffed his phone back into his pocket.
photo and Dean really should've realized that Sam would google omega rights as soon as he had the chance after their earlier talk.
Castiel raised his hand in a halting gesture. "Excuse me for interrupting you, Dean, but no matter what sort of explanation you were given, it doesn't excuse this Crowley person's behaviour. It is no longer legal to refuse to employ someone based on their gender designation."
“Cas?” Sam questioned. “What about you? You’re none of those things they keep calling you. I mean, look at this,” he said, pointing at the screen. “They’re literally implying you were a hooker. I mean you were a prototype virgin!”
? Dean was dumbstruck at the idea that Meg could be flustered like that. The strongest emotion he’d ever seen her show before now was irritation, when he failed to listen to her advice.
When Cas arrived home a little later, he discovered Dean and Sam sitting down at the table, plated sandwiches and glasses of cold milk in front of them. “Those look good,” he claimed, eyeing Dean’s sandwich hungrily.
Castiel looked serious though. "Please do, Dean. If you ever need help or just want to vent, do call me."
Returning her attention to Dean, the savvy coach warned, “Either way, you’ve got to stand up for yourself, pet, or you’ll get eaten alive.”
After they’d adroitly exchanged the twins, each man ending up with a toddler settled on his hip, Dean tilted his head in the direction of the kitchen. “I have something to show you. Want to chat over a cuppa?”
"This is your room, little bro," explained Dean. "Cas said you can decorate it however you want to and you will always have a place to sleep if you need it."
After the laughter died down, Charlie gasped out a breathy question, "So what do you guys feel like doing at the party?"
Dean cleared his throat, cursing his swollen throat for how whiny it made him sound. "He asked him for money, Charlie. Just like that. A man he has never met before and he asks him for money."
A little bit later, the three friends were seated on the sofa, avidly watching as the senate voted, munching on the buttery popcorn Dean had prepared.
"What do you want?" Dean heard Castiel mumble against his neck once they stood in front of Castiel's bed.
“Of course I don’t,” Dean immediately concurred. “It just sounds a lot like something I already heard at the ER.”
Dean nodded. His father most likely saw a way out of their financial trouble. If Dean took a rich mate, he wouldn't have to pay for Dean anymore; even better, there was a possibility the alpha would be so generous he would even help John out financially.
“You’re welcome.” Dean patted his husband on the arm with his free hand. “You want to change out of your suit before we eat?”
"Of course not. I-" Sam paused to clear his throat. "I read about the omega discrimination and I'm sorry if you ever felt unequal to oth-" Sam had to break off as he got caught in a coughing fit.
Once they were all in the kitchen, seated on the bar stools that Castiel had in front of the counter, the mood felt a lot lighter. Sam babbled excitedly, chuffed to try out new foods, and John stopped throwing glares at Castiel's expensive equipment. They chatted freely about Dean's job, Castiel's interest in reading, Sam's schoolwork and John's latest billiard score. Three hours went by without any one of them really noticing and it was already time to say goodbye.
Dean barely got a word in before Castiel started on about a different topic. "In an ideal world, we would be able to control people's salaries more and actually give them the money they deserve. Have you ever thought about why a footballer makes millions of dollars a year, while a miner who works physically just as hard - if not more - earns a thousand times less?"
We can’t promise that we’ll return with more time stamps in the future - it took three years to produce this one! - so we tried to make this one long and juicy :)
Dean collapsed onto the sofa as soon as he heard the door slam behind the woman, feeling like an utter failure. He stayed there, sulking and unmoving, until Cas got home.
"Now these are ugly," he said, turning to Cas and immediately feeling bad about what he ‘dsaid. Cas was looking at the vicious fish with an honest-to-God pout.
“Let’s talk about it over lunch,” Dean suggested. “How does cheesy tortellini with tomatoes and basil sound?”
“I’m sure we do,” the saleswoman replied, leading Dean over to the display. “We have them in a few different colors.” Giving him a once-over,” she declared, “You’d look really good in red.”
“...third time in a year,” the accusation the ER nurse had kept reiterating, rolled through Dean’s brain over and over. He never should have let Castiel talk him into getting out of bed this morning, the anguished omega thought. Although he blamed himself for what had happened to Aaron, he hadn’t thought of himself as a
Setting down his fork, Dean exploded, “I read this online article about us getting mated last night, and it’s complete bollocks! It makes me sound like a helpless ninny.” Practically vibrating with anger, he snorted, “It reads like a badly plotted romance novel - like I needed a white knight to swoop in and rescue me.”
Gabe rolled his eyes at him, the annoyingly fond look still on his face. "Not in so many words, but I can tell. He's head over heels. Never have I seen him like this with anyone else."
But those were all things other people thought about him; that didn't mean it was true. For example, he didn't think he was weak and he definitely wasn't a breeding machine - he didn't want to have children.
It was just after a late dinner that Charlie stood up on a table and in her best announcer voice informed the gathering that they were going out. "Let's go picnic!" she cried with a fist thrust theatrically high in the air.
They were then disrupted by the waitress bringing their orders, and seeing the juicy burger in front of him, immediately Dean felt more comfortable. He picked it up and took a hearty bite, suppressing a moan of pleasure.
A half an hour later, after John signed all the appropriate papers and Cas paid the admittance fee at the facility he had researched, it was time to part.
He showed Cas around, pointing out vintage cars and original car parts, talking enthusiastically about what he was doing on each and every car he mentioned. By the time they were finished, it was time for Dean to actually start working and for Cas to leave. They said their goodbyes, exchanging a quick kiss and a smile.
“Am I going to sound like a country bumpkin?” Dean asked, gnawing at his lip some more. “I must have all these quaint sayings from somewhere.”
still a kid.” It made him happy that his brother was enjoying the last of his childhood, with no pressure about how he’d presented. “I think he’s almost as excited about building a fort in the living room as Noah and Aaron,” he told Castiel. “He and John were having a debate about who was going to man the Weber barbecue as they drove off, the twins chanting, ‘Hotta dog, hotta dog.’”
They arrived at the shop a few minutes later, Dean's hand still on Cas' thigh and his mind still on the kiss.
Dean stared up at the façade of his childhood house, trying to find the bottle to ring the doorbell. He needed to talk to his father about perhaps checking into some sort of clinic for addicts, but he knew it wasn’t going to be an easy chat. In fact, he would be lucky if he didn’t get thrown out on his ear. After listening to Gabe’s story the other day, though, Dean felt like he needed to at least try and get John into rehab.
How many of those children would poison themselves more than once? Dean wondered bitterly. How many of the ones who swallowed window cleaner also downed perfume - and then something much worse than either of those - in less than a year? He was certain those numbers would be way less than his wild estimate. Dean only bit back the urge to spew those questions at his husband because Castiel already blamed himself for not realising that Aaron had got into Meg’s handbag, and Dean didn’t want to make him feel worse. Besides, if he’d kept a better eye on Aaron after the situation with the Windex, the thing with Meg’s perfume wouldn’t have happened.
“Erm, well.” His dad shuffled his feet, bouncing Noah in his arms a little and eliciting a giggle from the tyke. “Partly I was being selfish, wanting to keep myself supplied with bottles to neck,” he declared in the forthright, honest way he’d acquired in therapy - “and partly I genuinely wanted you to be happy, Dean. I didn’t realize until you showed me that an omega could actually function on their own. And uh,” he coughed, “as for the ‘result’ of you taking a mate, I never thought about that at all. I sure as fu- uh, heck, wasn’t thinking about becoming a grandfather.”
Bobby grunted. "Well, come on in then. Dean has to get changed into his overalls and you and I need to have a talk," he told Castiel, the very picture of a father concerned about his daughter's virginity. Dean didn't really feel like dwelling on that, so he ran inside in search of his locker. Let the two of them hash it out alone, he thought.
The blonde ran a hand through her hair. "It's not that. I suppose he's an all right guy and he does a lot for omega rights, but I just don't see what all the humbug's about. It's like every single omega wants his babies, I swear."
Meg stepped in. “Get over it, oilcan,” she brusquely demanded. “Aaron’s okay, and everyone has learned a lesson - especially the imps.” Another fond smile stole over her face as she looked at the twins.
He made a mental note saying the Mercedes had to be taken apart before walking over to the next car. It was an old Škoda from the seventies and Dean grinned at the fact that the frame was still mostly intact. He looked at the chassis, inspected the brakes and the engine - well he tried to inspect the engine but after looking under the bonnet, he found it gone.
Dean swallowed his mouthful. "I know that, but he's a politician. He's expected to have a serious relationship and if it's serious, there's no reason not to mate. It's because of his image or something... Gabe told me."
The older man looked at him as if he’d grown a second head. "Not really; you think it needs one? I mean, do you think
This chapter is a little shorter than normal but it was a real struggle to write, so I'm glad to even have this to post :)
Taking advantage of the momentary lull in activity, Dean fished around in the pocket of his jeans, pulling out a Mattel Hot Wheels VW cabriolet, that was a near replica of the car he wanted to refurbish for Sammy. He plunked it down on the table, which caused his dad to arch an inquisitive eyebrow at him.
They walked in silence for a bit before Dean decided to talk about something that had nothing to do with the bad news. "I- uh," he started uncertainly, "I wanted to let you know that I understand what you're trying to do with the welfare benefits. I just still disagree."
“Dean, sweetheart, one of us - you, me, John - always has an eye on the boys now,” Cas again attempted to reassure him. “And as they get older, the boys will understand better what they can and can’t do.”
It seemed Castiel had no such scruples as he let out a soft groan as he bit into his burger. Dean was embarrassed to feel a stirring in his nether regions and he tried to tell himself that he wasn't bummed that Castiel was only interested in his story.
Seemingly missing the byplay between the other two omegas, Charlie continued, “You know, centuries ago, when there was a split from Catholicism.”
Dean snorted. “Probably not, but I’m not giving him any money otherwise. It’s either that or nothing,” he pronounced resolutely.
idea? Momentarily distracted from his woes, Dean could only stare at the brunette in shock. The flags of colour in her cheeks drawing his attention, he barely noticed that she’d changed her hair from shoulder-length tresses to a short, pixieish cut which really suited her features.
"Despite what the leftists want to make us believe, we can't just keep pouring money into healthcare - or anywhere really - because we will soon run out. The Conservatives are now creating a large bubble in between what our government earns and what it gives out, promising people money that is just not there. And what do you think will happen when the bubble is too big and it bursts?"
Dean cleared his throat. "The red ones are for mated alphas. They count for two because they're also voting for their omega."
Dean shook his head. "You are allowed your own opinion, I don't mind; you explained yourself. I, ah, actually appreciate your honesty; I don't think many politicians would be that straightforward."
of you then," he corrected himself finally, releasing the hand he was holding and treating Bobby to one of his gummy smiles.
After a while, the older man's mouth left his slick entrance and was immediately replaced by something else. Dean turned his head, looking back at Castiel. The alpha's mouth was glistening, his lips red, while his eyes were darker than ever and completely focused on where his thick finger slid into Dean. Oh, that felt wonderful, thought Dean as he thrust back against Cas' hand.
“Come on, pup,” the political coach switched to another favourite nickname for Dean. That earned a wan smile from the omega, who’d become almost fond of the names she’d hurled at him from the get-go.
“Mmm,” Dean moaned again. His nerves afire, the young omega was barely able to think, but he retained just enough presence of mind to know he wanted Cas to come with him.
“Sensationalism, Dean,” Charlie reminded him. “They wanna sell newspapers. The reporters probably talked to some boneheaded anti-omegaist who doesn’t care about the facts. Probably a janitor or something.”
"It's okay, Sammy," Dean interrupted; "just go back to sleep. We'll talk when you're back on your feet, okay?"
He opened the omegaist site, and noticing there were no new articles, he went into his Internet bookmarks and clicked on a CNN online broadcast.
Sam rolled his eyes. "You sound like a serial killer, Dean," he told him but followed readily enough.
Cas looked down, an embarrassed tinge to his cheeks. "I apologize, I didn't mean to sound so forceful; I get passionate about my job sometimes. I will try and keep myself in check. Thank you for telling me it bothers you."
"I uh-" He cleared his throat, which felt dry from disuse. "I should probably go. My shift starts in less than half an hour."
Dean almost blacked out. He couldn't see, couldn't hear and could barely breathe as the orgasm overwhelmed him. He wasn't aware of anything his body was doing let alone of anything Cas was doing.
Castiel immediately did as he was told and Dean was left gaping at a really nice and firm and hot and tan and... did he say hot chest? He started exploring it first with his hands, and when he found the bottle, with his lips. The skin wasn't as smooth and soft as Dean's, probably because of the fact that it had been shaved longer than a few hours ago, meaning it was slightly prickly, but Dean didn't complain.
“Or we could just let the twins and Dad have at them,” Dean offered. A spark of his usual good humour returning, he smiled mischievously at his husband. “Or Sammy when he gets home from school.” His younger brother had a bottomless pit for a stomach, Dean reflected fondly. Sam could manage the platter of scones all by himself.
He really had been obsessing, Dean realised. Way more than he usually would. For the first time, it occurred to him that it might partly be his hormones running amok.
It was then that the door to the Winchester house opened and Dean looked up to see John standing in the doorway, watching the car. He must've noticed it standing in front of the house and was curious about what was happening.
For just a second he imagined what it would be like, the feeling of Cas' lips touching his chest or thighs, his tongue licking down his spine. He imagined Cas slowly making love to him, slipping into him and rocking them together and he could feel a bead of sweat running down the back of his neck at the fantasy.
The omega wrenched himself from underneath Castiel's arm, standing up. "Well I'm not giving him money just because he's family. That's not good enough for me."
Dean didn't comment any further, instead heading towards the kitchen. And if he couldn't find John's favourite pasta and had to make penne instead? It was a complete coincidence.
"And there was this couple sitting right in front of me, some neighbourhood kids. An alpha guy and an omega girl, obviously dating but not mated."
“You’re a good one, you know,” the omega replied, gently prying his thumb out of Aaron’s mouth when his son started to suck on it. “I wouldn’t be able to work part-time at the garage with Bobby if it wasn’t for you. And as much as I love my sons, I’d be going stir crazy if I had to take care of them 24/7.”
Dean managed not to snort. He didn't exactly talk about Bobby much - except for that time that he quoted him on the alpha welfare issue, which wasn't anything even Cas could deem 'nice'.
He led her into the kitchen, offering her a cup of coffee as she set her briefcase down next to the table.
Dean grinned. "You are so full of yourself. I haven't noticed before because you're all stoic and reasonable but you are actually a smug little- uh, man."
They spent the next few minutes sitting like that, Cas' hand in Dean's hair, Dean's hands on Castiel's thighs and their lips locked in a slow dance. And damn if it didn't feel comfortable as hell.
Dean bit his lip uncertainly. "He has been writing you emails and stuff ever since he got wind of the two of us meeting up."
His mate leaned back in his chair, sticking out his long legs under the table and reaching beneath his belt buckle to undo the fastener at the top of his slacks. “Good thing the cake isn’t till tomorrow,” he observed. “I’ll need the night to digest.” He smiled at Dean. “That really was delicious; I may have overdone it a little.”
And Dean wanted to see him again, even if it was just to talk about politics or omegaism and he'd be damned if John ruined that by his visions of rich mates and family obligations. He could understand that their financial situation was the worst it has been in years and that Dean mating someone wealthy would solve the problem once and for all but Dean couldn't bring himself to even think about that. He felt it wasn't his responsibility to deal with the situation - leave it to the alpha; wasn't that what John always said?
He slid his hands up the front of the older man's suit jacket, tugging at the single button to open it, while his lips found Castiel's. He had thought about doing this the whole past week, ever since they made out on the couch and now was his chance to make it a reality.
“’m not a good boy.” Aaron looked down at the floor, his pout morphing into a dejected expression. “Santa not comes here.”
?” Charlie mimicked what Dean had said, her voice rising in distress. “Christ, that’s awful. They want to put us back in the Dark Ages. You can’t want that, Dean-cess.”
After they devoured their meals, Dean looked at the other man, sizing him up, before picking up his courage and asking, "So, as a politician, what exactly do you do?"
Later that night, after cleaning up the dinner table and storing the leftovers in the fridge, Dean opened the Omega Rights website, clicking on the forum tab and scrolling down to where people were discussing joined rides to Colorado Springs. He wrote his own message, asking for a ride for himself.
The redheaded girl woke up after ten minutes of Dean intently staring at her and once accidentally shoving her with his foot.
"I mean that a job that pays a couple dollars an hour is not really going to help us out of our financial situation; a new member of the family will."
Bobby nodded, also rising to his feet. “Come have a look,” he told him, “I got this beauty almost two years ago but I didn’t have the parts for it. Until yesterday.”
Dean chuckled throatily and took a sip of his beverage. "Well, it doesn't have to be used only for nostalgia," he said. "A fire might be romantic, don't you think?" he finished a bit shyly.
After cheerful greetings, Dean managing only a weak 'hello' to Castiel, they all piled into Charlie's living room, where a curly-haired girl was sitting on a couch. She waved at them shyly.
Castiel nodded. "You need to establish yourself as a full-fledged human being before you become a part of a relationship."
Dean opened the top drawer and was happy to see a pile of old newspaper as well as a box of little dry twigs. "Perfect," he said as he went on to separating the sheets of paper and crumbling them into loose balls. He then built a typical fire tepee with the newspaper in the middle and set fire to it.
Dean then found the official webpage of the Conservative Party, who seemed to rely more on popular decisions based on religious values and habits as well as trying to help the poor by giving them money they took from the undeserving rich. No wonder his father was a Conservative, thought Dean.
"I'll have a glass then," said Dean and watched as the waitress wrote it down before turning around and leaving them to choose their meals.
The next morning, Dean woke up a lot earlier than someone who went to sleep as late as he had the night before should, his head heavy and his eyes glued together. He managed to pry them open and started at the sight of the unfamiliar room, the awareness of where he was seeping in slowly.
Castiel then ended the embrace but kept a hold on Dean's arm, sliding his hand to clasp Dean's. "Come on, we'll walk for a bit before going to the diner.
It turned even better as he heard Castiel growl at the back of his throat, the vibration of it reaching their lips. Having got such a response from the normally unflappable Castiel gave Dean a boost of confidence and he felt his hands sliding underneath the older man's T-shirt and lifting it up.
Dean thought about it and realized how confused he’d become about all the money talk. He had completely forgotten about Castiel's original mission to make omegas and betas equal to alphas and probably made a complete ass of himself. He should probably read up on the exact differences between alpha and omega rights and not just the main problems.
Immediately after sending the text, Dean changed his mind. It sounded lame and he doubted Cas would be glad to receive such a dumb message. He couldn't do anything to take it back though, so he just set his phone on the bedside table and tore into his fast food bag.
"Senator Roman keeps talking about how omegas don't work. What he fails to mention however is that omegas don't have the same opportunities to work as we do. They are constantly being refused by employers just based on their gender. They are being told that they're not strong enough, not capable enough or intelligent enough and unless we even the playing field and give them the option to educate themselves under the same conditions we have, this is never going to change.
“Figures,” Castiel grumbled before raising Dean’s hand to his mouth and licking at the skin between his middle and ring fingers.
Dean looked at his friend curiously. The redhead, who appeared rather droopy at a closer glance, normally thrived on coffee, drinking it all day long. The soft smile on her face allayed his flicker of concern that there might be something seriously wrong, but he’d check with her when they were alone - just to be sure - he resolved.
As he was sitting there staring at his computer and contemplating his inability to even think about feelings, let alone talk about them, his phone chirped. He looked at the little display and grinned to himself.
“You’ll like this bloke,” Castiel promised, guiding the omega toward a man with a distinguished appearance, who Dean was pleased to recognize from Meg’s coaching.
. Gabe had trailed off after them, although Dean doubted he was watching the telly; it was more likely he’d fallen asleep on the extra sofa, earbuds in while he listened to some podcast.
The older man lifted up the miniature cabriolet and examined it more closely. “1971? 1974?” he queried. “Has to be one or the other, based on the way the front wheel rims are thick at the back.”
Castiel let out a long breath, setting aside his briefcase. “Dean,” he began, tugging at the omega’s hand to pull him up from his chair, “you don’t have to do any of this. You’re a perfect mate for me as you are.”
Dean thought about what to say, deciding not to lie to his father in the end. "About how I didn't get the job at that first garage I applied to."
Benny nodded, still smiling. "I know what you want to ask. What's a beta doing fighting for omega rights? Let me tell you something, brother, betas might not have it as bad as omegas but we're certainly not on equal footing with alphas. Not by a long shot. A beta could never become a President for example."
Half an hour later, Dean was irritable, his feet hurting and his stomach churning from too many hors d’oeuvres. He made his way over to Castiel, who was speaking to an extremely old-looking rickety man. “Cas,” he murmured, a painful smile on his face.
“If you say so, hellspawn,” Charlie saucily piped up as she slid into the chair to Dean’s left. “That’s not what you said when you called me to ask for help, though.”
The older man nodded his head thoughtfully. "He was probably just trying to protect you. I'm sure he didn't mean to mislead you."
Dean imagined what it would be like, having a little blue-eyed, dark-haired baby boy or baby girl scrambling about, and he started to get excited. He thought of all the things he could teach his child - no matter what secondary sex they turned out to be. Castiel was going to be such a good dad too, he decided with a sappy grin. It was going to be all right after all; he’d just go and buy the pregnancy test and then-
And Dean did. Forgetting about the tragedy for a while, he told Cas about what Bobby had said - though he put it into nicer words - and  he added some of his own thoughts and through it all, Castiel actually listened to him.
His mate was so good to him. A soft smile on his lips, Dean decided to buck up and do his best to be an active part of his family again. Just sitting in the kitchen and having a cuppa would be a good start. “Smells good,” he murmured appreciatively as he shuffled closer to the table, where a lone place setting waited in front of the chair he normally sat in.
Dean didn't say anything as he felt his lover trailing kisses down his shoulder and over to his pectorals, avoiding his nipples and concentrating on his sternum instead. As he was going further and further down, Dean was becoming more and more aroused as well as more and more nervous. He was so not ready for this.
It wasn't like he’d never seen anything like it before - he had seen similar sights many times out of his bedroom window - but for some reason it wasn't the same. Just the feel of a soft evening breeze caressing his cheeks made it all a completely different experience.
Dean felt insulted. He had been helping John around the house ever since he could remember and yet his father acted like it never happened. He folded his arms across his chest. "I still can't give you any money, Dad," he insisted. "You didn't earn the money, so it doesn't belong to you."
The older man's head tilted so far Dean thought it would fall off his shoulders. "I don't understand that idiom."
“Sure,” Cas agreed, “we can do that.” Looking at Dean, he suggested, “Why don’t you pack a bag for your dad, sweetheart?”
It was almost two hours later that Dean woke up to something tickling his nose. “Hrmpf,” he huffed, rubbing at his nose and burrowing deeper into the couch cushions. But a few seconds later, another feathery tickle disturbed his slumber again.
They took turns washing up in the bathroom, brushing their teeth together before going to bed. Well, Dean lay down on his bed, while Gabriel sat at the headboard of his, the bag of sweets in hand despite having just bushed his teeth.
Dean shrugged. "Yeah, I think so. I mean, I think Dad would've been happier if I had gone and found a mate rather than a job but he wasn't mad or anything."
Dean leaned forward, licking his spoon. "See, smoking is good. Smoking is something in which we're all equal. We all fall under the same restriction laws and we all can get cancer."
While Charlie was giving him a refill, Meg set her phone down on the table, presumably having finished her conversation. “You’ve got nothing to worry about, pet,” Meg commented, doubtless responding to the anxiety Dean couldn’t hide. “Like you said, it didn’t take the detectives long to ascertain there was no abuse involved. They were able to resolve matters while they were at the hospital.”
The older man's hands suddenly pushed at him a bit more and Dean found himself tipping over onto the bed. He giggled as he bounced on the firm mattress and watched with hooded eyes as Castiel leaned over him, his hands straying downwards.
“She made me feel like a complete dolt,” Dean confessed, “calling me ‘pet’ and ‘puppy’ and ‘angel’.” He then related how he’d responded to the political coach, causing her to stalk out of the house.
Dean decided not to tell John anything about the man though, because he didn't want to listen to a long tirade about how Dean should've tried harder to get to know him. A senator would certainly be a more than good enough mate for Dean, in John's opinion, except maybe his politics, but that could be overlooked in favour of his checkbook.
The omega smiled to himself, sipping his tea as he listened to his dad singing the twins’ favourite song to them, and doubtless, bouncing them on his knees in imitation of a ‘Schimmel’ that refused to go any further. Maybe he should check out today’s newspaper, Dean thought, doing his best to ignore the clenching of his stomach. The furore had to have died down, right? After all, it had been four days since
Gabriel snorted. “Right. Because everyone’s ideal mate is an omega who’s on the verge of infertility,” he commented bitterly.
Dean checked the records, searching out the man's name. "Yes, the four-by-four. It's ready for you in the back. I'll call my boss over, so you can pay," he said as he took the keys to the Ford. "You want me to bring it out front for you?"
His tongue lingered for a moment at the spot where Dean’s wedding ring - a simple platinum band - rested, tracing the curve of the band. “So, you ready to stop obsessing and forgive yourself, love?”
“You really don’t think I could have stopped Aaron?” Dean searched the beloved face that was just inches from his own.
"Oh God," moaned Dean again. He could literally feel his channel loosening in preparation for what was about to come. Cas started slowly thrusting his tongue inside and Dean bucked again. In fact, he started undulating underneath Castiel, forcing his opening at Castiel's face repeatedly, not able to control his movements.
chocolate cakes for their birthday. After that, Noah graciously agreed we could have ‘Fava’s cake’ tomorrow, with Aaron rather grumpily seconding him.”
“Uh, nothing, a couple things from the market,” the flustered omega stuttered as he greeted the two of them. He was glad he had actually grabbed a couple of items at the farmers’ market and dropped the bag with the pregnancy test inside; it looked much less suspicious that way.
Dean picked some chocolate-filled toffees and Gabriel gave him a pleased grin. "A man after my own heart, I see. A bit too young maybe," he admitted, "but cute."
“Erm, were you serious about posting it on the front gate?” Dean asked, feeling foolish as he posed the question. You never knew with Meg, though; she just might consider that the best thing to do.
Charlie smirked. "Ohh, a picture! Great, just go and brush your hair a bit and put on that plaid shirt you had on yesterday." Charlie jumped out of her bed. "I'll pull out my camera and we'll go out."
Their lips were swollen and red by the time they separated for the final time, Dean resting his head against Castiel's shoulder for a few seconds before glancing at his watch.
“Sweetheart,” Roche remarked fondly as a svelte blonde woman came up to him, “this is Castiel’s mate, Dean Winchester. Do you think you could introduce him around to some of the other spouses? Meanwhile I’m gonna have a chat with Novak here.”
Dean nodded, quickly striding over to the bathroom and pulling out a bottle of Paracetamol from their medicine cabinet. He brought it over to Sammy's bed along with a glass filled with water and made him swallow it.
The political coach sighed as she slid a slim cell phone out of her pocket. “I’ll just give the precinct a ring,” she announced as she pressed a couple of keys on the smartphone.
Dean resolutely ignored the pang of guilt he felt at his father's pronouncement. "You have trouble making ends meet because you leave half your salary at the bars on your way home. Maybe if you didn't drink, you could afford to buy Sammy his books."
Dean stared at Meg in shock. He could still remember the political coach going on about how too much caffeine wasn’t good for you when he’d first met her. She, like,
It turned out there were just enough rooms with closable doors to fulfil a person's need for privacy - such as the bathrooms, the bedrooms and Castiel's office - but the rest of the house was very open and some rooms, like the library, weren't really rooms at all because they had no walls whatsoever.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” Charlie asked. When Dean nodded, she insisted, “Then I really am happy for you,” giving her friend a tight hug. “Honest, Dean-cess!”
He flipped the channels for a while before settling on some singing competition in hopes it would be the least likely to disturb him.
have to help.” She jabbed a red fingernail at the newspaper, which was flat on the table, unfolded to reveal the entire front page. “You know the newsies exaggerate for sensationalism, boy.”
As Dean sat on the toilet lid a couple minutes later, the innocuous plastic stick in hand, he heard excited voices coming from the telly in their living room, “... has passed through the senate! We’re rewriting history here, folks!” the news anchor exclaimed, “We are one step closer to true freedom - it's still going to be a long road but we’ve begun the journey.”
When he saw the mass of bodies leaving the lounge room and heading outside though, he took a deep breath to build up his courage and went with them. He remembered to send a text to his father again before he left though.
“1971,” Dean confirmed, impressed as always with his dad’s knowledge of automobiles. No matter how skilled a mechanic he became, he doubted he’d ever make that kind of identification as quickly as John.
Taking a deep breath and mentally bracing himself, the young omega pressed the buzzer at the front door. It felt weird not walking right in, but he figured that since he had officially moved out, he was now just a visitor here and should therefore wait for someone to open the door.
John calls the twins “die kleinen Käfer” which means “the little beetles.” Käfer is also the German nickname for a Volkswagen Beetle. “Käferli” is a diminutive for Käfer.
The omega wrapped Sam in a tight hug. "I know, Sammy, I know. But I really promise you, you are going to see so much of me that you're going to be sick of the sight."
“But Cas is the one helping make the laws, right? I still don’t get why you need to know that stuff,” Sam reiterated.
Dean gritted his teeth as he looked at his father. "You just ruined any chances I might have had, Dad!" he cried out. "I hope you are happy," he finished and stomped up the stairs, trying to ignore the burning feeling of hot tears gathering in his eyes.
Cas, bless him, took a whole five seconds to process the sentence. "You want money," he said just as Dean opened his mouth to try and diffuse the situation. His voice was deadpan and Dean felt his heart leap into his throat. This was a nightmare.
The next day found both John and Sam standing in the middle of Castiel's living room, looking around with keen eyes. Dean had called his father after he and Castiel finished with their bedroom activities and despite not being very receptive at first, John did agree to come for a visit and bring Sam with him.
As his friends continued to avidly watch the television screen and tally every ‘yea’ vote, Dean felt dizzy with excitement and anticipation, his stomach all fluttery and jittery and bubbly and... Deciding he couldn’t wait any longer to take the pregnancy test, he stood up, stumbling slightly from eagerness. He had to know,
“Once the vote is complete, we’re gonna want to post the result right away via our website,” Charlie enthused, after glancing at Dean to make sure her friend was okay.
Dean sighed. Now that he was thinking about it, John had been riding his ass a bit more recently and he figured the money issue for their family might be greater than he had thought. Yet again, Dean promised himself that he would get a job, no matter what anyone said, no matter how many pretentious betas decided an omega wasn't good enough for them.
“Not normally, no. But the detectives were remiss in not offering you a copy, so there you go.” She smirked. “Besides, Victor owes me one.” She paused for a moment. “Or five.”
Dean’s cheeks pinkened at the pun. “I’m doing great, Gabe. I really love Cas,” he assured the other man.
After they finished their meals, Dean found out that not everything was as rosy though. He had made the mistake of asking Castiel to explain his political opinions further and in response was treated to an hour long lecture.
The were in the middle of eating breakfast when Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He had been mulling over that damned article the whole evening before, and he was on the verge of contacting that reporter and giving them a piece of his mind for posting such trash. Dean almost stood up to retrieve his tablet and do just that, but then he sagged back into a chair. A journalist who didn’t care about publishing facts would probably never listen to an omega.
Castiel finally met Dean's eyes and seeing the uncertainty there, he hastened to clarify, "You don't have to worry, Dean; I have several guest rooms in case you decide to spend the night. Nothing untoward is going to happen."
Gabe loosened his arms around Dean's chest but didn't let go of him. "I'm so proud of you for getting a job, lil bro."
When Cas left for work some time later, Dean sat down at his computer. He was determined to get this whole
Castiel kissed him one more time before raising Dean’s legs up and over his shoulders and then slowly aligning himself with the younger man’s heat. They locked gazes as the alpha gave a firm, steady thrust, which pushed his blood-filled organ cleanly through the loose ring of muscles and deep into Dean. Stopping moving for a bit, Castiel watched his lover’s face for any sign of discomfort. When the omega just moaned and thrust his hips up against his mate, the alpha released a ragged breath and slid fully inside, settling his hips flush against Dean’s.
Dean yelled out his release, burying his face in the pillow, not sure at all what the rest of him was doing. His limbs were completely out of his control and his brain was switched off.
been teasing him - about John, of all people. How well his dad and his mate got along still astounded him. Castiel respected the older alpha’s determination to get clean and John had really turned his life around since checking into rehab. No question - the twins had helped him stay on the wagon since then. John loved being a grandfather. He was a natural carer, something Dean could vaguely remember from before his mother died and things went south.
rather nice to have the opposition gnashing their teeth for a change,” he admitted, bending down and pecking Dean’s lips. “I am really grateful to you for taking such good care of me.”
It was at that point that the blonde waitress came back with their drinks, putting a pint of light beer in front of Cas and a pint of a dark, Coke-looking liquid in front of Dean. "What will you be having then?" she asked them after she pulled out her notepad.
"Okay," he whispered back, feeling Castiel's hand sliding up his arm until it rested at the back of his neck lightly, not exerting any sort of pressure, just steadying him.
Dean sipped his coke. "Yeah, well, I'm sure that many alphas don't like the fact that you're an omegaist."
“Hmm, you could be right,” Castiel agreed. “You know, if we really want to work on adding to our family, we’ll have to do this more often.”
The other man looked deadly serious. “You should do something about that before it’s too late,” he urged him.
And it wasn't just omegas, he had found out in surprise; there were a number of betas and even alphas fighting for equal rights as well. There was a picture of an alpha woman holding a sign with the words ‘I need omegaism because school taught my son to think of himself as an object,’ which hit Dean particularly hard. He could imagine his mother in place of the blonde woman holding a similar sign, fighting for Dean's rights and being proud of every little accomplishment.
Castiel smiled and Dean found himself staring once again. The man was really handsome, and Dean was hating it more and more by the minute because it was making him doubt himself and his resolutions.
Dean looked at Rufus hesitantly. "What exactly is objectifying? I mean, I hear people talk about it but do you have some examples?"
He couldn't really tell his father that though since he was sure the alpha wouldn't agree with such a sentiment.
I'm really good, thank you. You can tell your brother that I wouldn't mind talking to him. How's tomorrow after work - at six? We can meet at the local diner Margo's and then he can drive me home :P
He vaguely felt his body moving as Cas helped to turn him around and settle him on his back. Then he felt soft pecks being left all over his face, avoiding his mouth as he was still gasping for air.
“Sure, if it’s that easy,” the omega teased in return. “You’ll work it off it no time whatsoever, chasing after my scamps.”
"Please, Dean-o, he knows better than to expect me to keep secrets. He must've known I would tell you."
Dean’s brain halted at Gabriel’s words. “Gingerbread cake?” he asked excitedly. That sounded bloody wonderful.
Dean’s smile grew a little stronger as he shuffled into the kitchen. He loved the name they’d come up with for John, although not nearly as much as his dad did. John got a twinkle in his eye whenever he heard it. Neither he nor John knew which of the twins had invented the name, both of the boys shrieking “Gumpy!” pretty much simultaneously one afternoon when his dad was playing hide-and-seek with them.
Bobby looked like he wanted to roll his eyes and it took a great amount of self-denial not to do it. "You can't make anyone do anything, son."
The younger man nodded. “Yes, I mostly focus on classic cars,” he explained, eyes already searching out his next mouth-filler. Maybe something salty again, he thought; where were those mini crab cakes?
Then he paused, his thoughts skidding to a stop. Wasn't he just as bad though? He never once even thought about how omegas were treated before he got thrown out of that interview. He saw pretty little omegas in lingerie on every other billboard; he heard about omegas mating rich alphas because their family was in a pickle; he read about omegas who got raped and the culprit was never caught. Dean felt bile rise up in his throat.
Bobby stood up, pretending his knees didn't creak. "Well, I can't tell you what to do, boy, but I can tell you what not to do. Don't do anything just because your dad wants you to or just because you feel you have to do it."
They searched for the remote for a good four minutes and when they finally managed to locate it, they turned the archaic telly on. A black-haired host showed up in a blue tinted studio on Channel 24, a fierce expression on her face.
“Well…” Dean grinned as he finally succeeded in setting the correct time on the microwave. “I may have bribed them with
Dean leaned back into his pillow to get more comfortable. What Gabe had just told him was horrible and he couldn't imagine seeing it happen and not being able to do anything to stop it. He suspected that it wasn't really because of what had happened that Gabriel hated the bus now. It was more because he didn't - couldn't - help the girl. Dean imagined he would react in a similar way if it happened to him.
The omega shrugged sadly. “I only realised myself recently. It’s getting worse faster and faster though.”
There was a beat of silence before Bobby let out a deep laugh. "Look at that, you do know how to be a normal person. Now only if you learned to speak like it too."
Castiel added dryly, “Especially ones they aren’t sure are food or drink.” He’d presented the twins with a whole variety of things - household cleaners, juice, a sponge, a loaf of bread, makeup, a banana, a lead pencil - and made them identify whether each one was safe, or whether they needed to check with an adult first. He’d turned it into a game to keep both boys interested, but he’d also made sure they understood it was dead serious.
While his brother collected some of his belongings, Dean finished the note, explaining to his dad that Sammy would be staying with him and Cas until John sorted himself out. If he couldn’t commit himself to going through rehab, Sam wouldn’t be returning anytime soon, Dean scribbled. He set the note prominently in the center of the coffee table, figuring his dad couldn’t miss it there, placing the model of a green Ford Mustang that he’d assembled when he was eight years old on top of it.
“I guess it worked out for the best then, the way those damned journalists hounded me when I tried to re-enter the workforce,” John reflected. “Maybe if I’d been able to handle a desk job, it would’ve been different.”
Gobsmacked, Dean could only stare at them. Cas wouldn’t have blindsided him like this… would he? With how worried his husband was about him, the young man suddenly wasn’t sure.
Before Dean could begin to make sense of it, someone else readily agreed, amusement evident, “What she said.”
Bobby brightened. "You kidding, boy? Bring him around; we'll see if he's able to be around all the dirt without getting squeamish."
Dean settled back into the couch and returned his eyes to the telly, feeling conflicted about what he had learned. On one hand, he was glad to know Cas talked about him; on the other hand though, he felt a little bit like he'd betrayed him. Like he shouldn't know what Cas was thinking unless the man actually told him. Wasn't that what communication in relationships was all about? Telling each other things? How they felt?
Dean grinned at his brother, pleased to see him at least partially restored to his usual cheeky self. “That’s because it’s delicious,” he told Sammy. “Now come on and help me.”
"Sorry, brother," said Benny after he bumped into him on his way from the loo. Dean just waved him off, intent on visiting the facilities as well before one of the girls decided she needed to brush up on her make up.
Castiel followed right behind him, pulling out a chair for Dean to sit in, and then sliding it back in once his husband had settled into the seat. “I got some scones from that bakery you like.” Cas directed his attention to the plate in the middle of the table that was heaped high with a variety of the pastries.
Dean frowned, sizing his mate up. “You’re awfully quiet for someone who should be excited for me,” he noted. “Did I do something wrong?”
It really sucked to write this chapter, I had so much trouble stringing words together that I honestly thought I'd never finish it. I'd really appreciate if you gave me some love :)
Dean looked down at her, giving up on catching a glimpse of the senator for the moment. "You don't like him?"
The young mechanic was about to explain that he was worried about how his brother was dealing with John’s behavior, when Bobby interjected, “Huh. I’m surprised that Castiel is allowing Sam to stay with you.”
“Jesus,” Gabe breathed out as he lifted Aaron onto his lap, settling him next to Noah. “Who could resist these two?”
There was a lull in the conversation, so Dean looked at his phone to check the time. "Uh," he made a sound of hesitation, "I think I should probably go home."
Gabriel nodded. "Yeah. Just because a forced mating bite is no longer recognized as legal doesn't mean that people think of it that way." He cleared his throat. "I haven't gone on the bus ever since."
“Is there enough of that tea for me to have some?” Charlie inquired as she reached for the pot. “I can’t have coffee right now.”
Dean didn't think it would do him any good to mention that Sam had been worried he would never see him again, that he still was and it was making Dean a little bit nervous.
For the most part, however, he spent time with his original group, getting to know them better. He found out Benny was mated to another beta named Andrea, who was also an equal rights enthusiast, but since she was eight months pregnant she didn't want to come.
Then there was the question about what he was good at. Dean thought about it carefully . He was good at repairing cars, he told himself proudly. He was also good at cooking, but not so much at cleaning. He wasn't very good at talking - he wasn't anywhere near as eloquent as Castiel - but he felt he did have a good head on his shoulders.
Well, that was a lot of information. So he had to repeatedly apply pressure to Cas' knot? He could see how to do that with his hand but with his channel? How the hell was he supposed to do that? Could he like... squeeze him inside?
Dean blushed, committing the text to memory. It was a really great sentiment, however untrue it must be. Surely Cas had met a lot of wonderful people in his life; he was much older than Dean, after all.
Castiel squeezed Dean’s shoulder. “We can still go, if you want? Perhaps the situation is salvageable?”
I also send little tiny itty bitty hugs to those who liked the idea of a shooting range date. I have to say that it has been the best date I've been on so far.
Castiel tilted his head. "I am satisfied," he assured the younger man; "seeing you come apart like that was truly breathtaking."
Cas ruffled the lad’s hair as they passed by him, smiling reassuringly, before following Dean inside.
Charlie slid closer to him on the bed, folding her hands in her lap, his own hand still clutched in her fingers. "If he wants to give omegas equal benefits, he has to lower the alpha ones."
His brain clouded by a sudden surge of desire, Dean barely even heard the question. He fumbled as he tried to set the time for the green beans, hastily cancelling the forty minutes that he’d just accidentally entered.
With the twins chattering at their grandad and uncle, Bobby took the opportunity to lean closer to Dean and speak quietly, “You know I’ve never regretted hiring you, right?”
And now this. A baby. An honest to God, totally real baby. A cluster of cells cooking inside of his abdomen - half him, half Castiel. Castiel’s baby. Dean smiled despite his turmoil - he had a piece of Castiel inside him, which didn’t actually sound all that bad. Maybe he did want this. Maybe a sweet, innocent baby to cement their family was just the thing he needed.
Bobby walked out of the shop then, a dirty rug in hand and a dumbfounded expression on his face. "Did you hear?"
I had to cut it somewhere but don't worry, the sexy times are going to continue in the next chapter.
Dean took a deep breath. "I'm sorry, I guess we just can't really talk about politics much. You come across as overbearing and I can barely get a word in edgewise."
The cup fell from suddenly nerveless fingers, his beverage splashing across the table and dripping off the edge. Dean wasn’t aware of any of that. All he could see was the heading, glaring at him in giant, boldface type, practically accusing him of murder.
Castiel leaned down, wrapping his arms around his mate, kissing the side of his face sweetly. “There’s a formal event my party is holding this weekend. I thought we might show up?”
in hand - it was still rolled up with a rubber band around it, making Dean suspect Sammy had been the one to retrieve it this morning - he sat back down. Reaching for his mug of tea with one hand, he used his other hand to uncurl the paper enough so he could read the headlines.
decided - that it might be better if we supported you in getting help first.” Dean cleared his throat. “You could join some rehabilitation program at a clinic and get better,” he explained.
“Yeah, yeah, I love you too.” Dean rolled his eyes in fond exasperation before sending Sam off to school.
It was weird to watch his dad's face go from absolutely furious to mildly confused to hesitantly happy. "You slept at his house?"
“O-kay.” When Castiel’s voice hitched, Dean realised the alpha was just as eager as he was. Circumstances had conspired against them in the past week, meaning that they hadn’t had sex in what seemed like forever. First Dean had needed a couple of days to build his strength back up, and then, right when things were looking promising, Noah’d come into their room sniffling. He’d had a bad dream about the puppy he was lobbying for his dads to get him - it wasn’t clear to either Dean or Cas what the dog looked like - going home with someone else. That had required loads of consolation, with Aaron joining them on the bed, and Castiel giving him a wry look as they lay there with the twins between them.
John waved him off. "What are you babbling about? Of course this changes things! Our days of living hand-to-mouth are over. Now that you're the senator's wife, he'll take care of us." He paused for a beat to consider things, before continuing more quietly, "Just so you know, I am very grateful to you, Dean. I was wrong to assume you couldn't take care of this family."
"I can assure you, Dean, that I am not offended. It's fairly understandable why you wouldn't be interested in any-"
“Nah, they’re good,” his dad replied. While helping the boys scramble around so that they were astride his thighs, facing the table, he playfully quipped, “Are you trying to butter me up?” pointing at the sweets with his chin.
Dean couldn’t help giggling when Cas blew out a breath in his armpit, stirring the fine hairs and making his flesh pebble. All amusement vanished though when his husband moved over a short distance and sucked an already erect nipple into his mouth, flicking at it with his tongue and then tugging gently.
She piled them all on the floor in front of them, returning back to the kitchen, and Jo and Gabe immediately grabbed a bag each, Gabe then turned to Castiel. "You want those weird ones you like?"
He came to a lot later, his legs loosely wrapped around Castiel's hips and his mouth wide open, still breathing heavily. "Ungh," he told his lover.
The aromas from the cardamom cinnamon tea and the bakery goods permeated the air, making it easy for the young omega to resolve not only to drink a cup of the tea but also to eat a wedge from one the scones. While he did that, he’d plot out the rest of his morning.
"I might not have accounted for how proud you omegas were," remarked the politician after Dean finished. "I will have to look into it again."
Charlie interrupted them. "Though we're thankful, Jo, I was thinking more about activities. I have invited a lot of people and even more people will come uninvited, so I'm afraid that what I have planned will not be enough."
Cas stood up, taking Dean back in his embrace. "I know that, but he is going to leave one day and then you're going to be left here, feeling guilty for not helping him. And I'm not saying to throw money at him and let him just gamble it away, but what if we paid for the utilities? Or paid off one of his loans?"
John sat down. "I am very interested in the man who my son is spending so much time with," started John slowly. "What exactly are your plans?"
Three quarters of an hour later, they settled on secretly leaking out the correct information - that it was Castiel’s father-in-law who was being treated for alcoholism. Dean was doubtful it could be done without anyone finding out it was them who leaked the news, but Meg assured him it was going to be fine. “It doesn’t really matter - once the information’s out there, you can’t take it back. That would normally be a thing we want to prevent but this time the truth’s in our favour.”
Dean hesitated for a moment. Was he really ready to reveal all of himself to Castiel? He couldn't help but notice that the man was a lot more endowed than him, which might not have been surprising given their sexes, but it was still a bit unnerving. As Castiel's eyes softened and his hands moved to leave the waistband of Dean's pants, the omega decided.
"Financial reforms are almost always unpopular. People are usually able to understand them at a smaller scale - they know that they can't spend money they don't have unless they're willing to get into a large debt - when it comes to a whole country though, people don't think about the future. They don't plan ahead because they think that a whole state cannot go bankrupt. We need to keep our economy alive and well for future generations."
The senator glanced at him apologetically after swallowing his mouthful. "I'm sorry, these just make me... very happy."
Castiel grinned and opened the car door to get out, waiting for Dean to do the same thing before locking his Mustang. He offered Dean his hand, warmth visibly spreading through his cheeks as the younger man accepted.
Castiel chuckled, the sound deep and oh so sexy. “Look at you,” he rasped, “spread out and wanton. You don’t look like much of a challenge now.”
“I’m ready,” gasped the omega as he felt his inner muscles relaxing at the smell of an aroused alpha, his slick lubricating the way.
Dean huffed out a laugh. Even if he were really hungry, he couldn’t possibly eat all of those. As it was, the thought of food made his stomach rebel - he’d eaten hardly anything in days - but he might be able to keep the tea down.
Dean coquetted with the idea of telling Cas exactly what he'd been thinking about - describing old and dysfunctional reproductive organs in great detail - but concluded it would be counterproductive to his crusade to have sex with the man, so he abstained. Instead he wrote:
fanfiction, Charlie rooting for the Kirk/Spock romance while Dean was more partial to a rare Picard/Data ship.
Dean grinned at the smiley face, not being able to properly imagine the stoic politician typing in an emoticon. He looked up from his phone when he heard Bobby clearing his throat.
“Sammy.” Dean walked over and wrapped his arms around his brother. “Cas would never assume you’re like Dad. He judges people for who they are, not who their parents are. He wants you here with us just as much as I do.”
Dean rolled his eyes but decided not to insult his brother by correcting him. "Right. Well, we're... uh... together now."
Dean was stunned. "I have to admit," he said, "you really know how to talk. Are you trying some political agenda on me or something?" he asked jokingly.
It turned out that once again being an omega paid off as Benny let him have the bed along with Charlie, Jo and Gabriel, while he got settled on the floor.
“Ehm,” Dean stammered, “no, I don’t think he would. Not without some incitement. But social services could send him there, willing or not. My first instinct when Bobby brought it up was, ‘Absolutely not.’ But when I mulled it over some more, it seemed like it might be the only solution.” He looked at his mate and professed, “It’s probably the only way John will ever get help.
Castiel raised his eyebrows but didn't question the omega's resolve as he slowly led them towards the room in question. He seemed to be so entranced by the younger man, he never even noticed he had lost his suit jacket somewhere between the couch and the bedroom door.
Bobby sighed. "Look, Dean, I know that you are interested in politics and that you want to learn about the referendum but this channel really isn't the most unbiased one. And the Senate hasn't decided yet anyway. You should just look it up in the Internet or something."
Giving the soup another stir, the omega turned down the heat under the pan a little. A bit at a loss - there wasn’t anything else to do in the kitchen since the table was already set - he decided to take a quick walk-through of the living room and make sure everything was neat and tidy. It wasn’t like that would last long once everyone returned tomorrow, but it would be nice for one night. He did straighten up regularly, but he didn’t mind if things were a little disordered.
"You're welcome," Dean muttered before quickly heading back inside the garage. Well, that was nothing if not awkward, thought Dean, hoping to hell he'd never see the man ever again in case he was forced to politely die of embarrassment.
Gabriel waved his hand in a dismissive gesture. “Oh, I know that. I’m not trying to give you the younger brother talk here. I’m just curious, that’s all. It’s not like I know what it’s like to be mated.”
Cas looked confused again, so Dean quickly went in to save the day. "Uh, Bobby?" he started. "Cas actually really talks like that. He has a really good vocabulary."
John made a fluttering gesture with his hand. "I'm asking if you feel he deserves some sort of compensation for his time."
Castiel cleared his throat and fidgeted slightly in his seat. "Forgive me, Dean, but that is not exactly what I've been admiring."
The man hmmed against the sensitive spot where Dean’s neck met his shoulder, causing the omega to gasp. “Come on, Cas,” he whispered. “I’m getting all wet for you.”
Dean could literally feel the hot blood rushing into his face at the senator's words. Did he really say he thought Dean was beautiful?
But Dean wanted more than that; he wanted sex. It really was as simple as that; he wanted Castiel and he wanted him now. The only problem was that when it had come to it, he froze in place. Dean tried to approach the issue scientifically and identify what had made him hesitate but he wasn't very successful. He went back to his trustful article,
All of a sudden, Dean halted and walked a few steps backwards, eyeing the item displayed front and centre in a lingerie boutique window. They were light blue boy shorts and they were flaming hot. The young omega almost pressed his nose against the window as he fantasized about Castiel slowly peeling the lacy material off of him…
"My brother recommended I try this new restaurant that opened downtown. It's run by a married couple that immigrated from Prague, and it claims to serve meals from Central Europe," explained Castiel as they got in Audrey and buckled up.
His mate squeezed his shoulder. “Now that people know about you, it might look like I’m hiding you,” he explained in a joking manner. “We should make an appearance to officially introduce you to the public.”
Dean took offence to that. "Look at them, Cas. This one has like twenty legs; it looks like a sun. Oh and that one over there is orange and blue."
Dean scowled. It all sounded very nice and all but he couldn't imagine it helping at all. For example, how was the fact that his mother died in a house fire going to help him understand himself more? Not like she could've influenced him at all since she hadn't been in his life since he was four.
Hello to those who are still reading this story. We’re  made up to say that we have established the final number of chapters - as some of you might've already noticed - so at least you know what to expect. We hope you like this chapter :)
He looked up to see Castiel nodding, so he continued, "I have always liked working on cars and when I found out how bad our financial situation was, I wanted to help out and get a job."
“Hiya, Dean-o, what’s that you’ve got?” Gabriel, who was sitting on the porch steps of Dean’s house along with a still half-asleep Charlie, greeted him.
"An aquarium?" breathed Dean as Castiel pulled up to a large blue building with the words 'Underwater World' written in large black letters on a wall and a fake shark head hung above the front door.
The older man smiled self-deprecatingly as he shrugged his shoulders. "I called my brother for date ideas and he suggested you might like to visit a zoo or an aquarium. Otherwise we would've ended up in a restaurant again; I'm afraid I'm quite unimaginative."
"Yes sir," answered Dean respectfully, smelling a strong beta scent coming off of the other man and instinctively assuming a more subservient position.
An indeterminate amount of time later - it felt like five or six hours but probably wasn’t nearly that long - only Charlie and Dean were left in the kitchen. Meg had departed, saying she needed to get ready for a date, which left everyone else with unhinged jaws since she’d never shown any interest in anyone before, at least not around Dean or Castiel.
Castiel nodded, giving his mate’s words serious thought. “That sounds reasonable,” he admitted. “Do you think he would be willing?”
“Wha?” he tried to voice his jumbled thoughts. Wait, wasn’t Castiel’s fixer supposed to be on holidays? Somewhere on the other side of the word - like the Canary Islands?
Dean stared at Cas' half erect manhood and felt his palms getting sweaty, his stomach clenching in anticipation and - curiously - his mouth watering. He reached out as if in trance, closing his hand loosely around the girth. It felt really soft to the touch and heavy in his hand, completely unlike what he thought it would feel.
Sure enough, by that evening, Castiel was being lauded by news commentators as a great son-in-law who was helping out a poor man in need. One newscaster even reported from outside the capitol building, “
The orange monstrosity pulled up next to him and a redheaded girl stuck her head out of the driver's side window.
“Years and years of practise,” the alpha informed him. “I’ve tied a tie every morning for the last twenty-two years.”
Dean grinned. “It is. I mean, it’s not exactly like the one my dad has and it’s not working properly, but it’s brilliant and Bobby said I could work on it any time I wanted to.”
A somewhat mollified Dean grunted in acceptance of the apology. “Cas really does care about me as well as Sammy. He says Sam can live with us indefinitely.”
Castiel dabbed at his lips with a serviette. "In theory, nothing. But our country doesn't have the money to do that, Dean, not without substantially raising the taxes.
Dean turned around in his mate’s embrace, tilting his head up for a kiss. “Hmm,” he hmmed against Castiel’s lips. “That’s a lot of practise.”
After a brief pause, Castiel replied, “It’s an important civil rights meeting. That’s not the main reason I’m going, though. If I’m seen in public, it will help to allay some of the rumours that have been flying around.”
It didn’t take long for Castiel to come as well, his knot locking inside of Dean’s body and his arms shaking with orgasm. He grunted loudly as he filled his mate up with thick semen, and the omega felt himself slip into blissful unconsciousness.
They decided to set up their party near the lake, some of the more resistant people diving straight into the water, while the rest sat down on blankets they had either brought from home or snatched from the hotel.
Dean immediately searched out the Mustang. "Did you really just call a seventies Ford Mustang a box of metal?" he yelled after his friend.
John almost rolled his eyes. "Well, it's high time that man made it official. No one is going to believe me that we are an influential family if he doesn't take you as a mate."
Megan smirked at Dean. “It serves you and the tree topper right, ending up with imps of Satan who play with f-i-r-e.”
Dean nodded his head admiringly. He had to admit that was a very good pitch.  It might not work, especially with the hardcore military fans, but it was a really good try. Dean himself wasn't one hundred percent sure what he thought about cutting the military budget; his father would probably be strictly against it but Dean wasn't sure.
"Sure, but did you ever think of how the omega in that video felt? Ever wondered what sort of person he was?"
When the platter with small tiramisu bites walked over to them, courtesy of a bored-looking waiter, Dean decided to take one for himself too. The sweet dessert complemented the salty aftertaste of the caviar.
Charlie slapped Jo's thigh, making the blond girl yelp. "You don't even look your age, Gabe, don't worry. Jo's just being a little shit."
Castiel's eyes softened. "I apologize, Dean, sometimes I forget-" He paused. "Never mind. You are allowed to see whoever you want, however frequently you want. I would, of course, prefer you inform me of your plans once we- if we ever live together, but you are free to do as you please. Sam can even have his own room at my house, if you want."
Castiel answered it with a moan of his own as he circled his tongue around Dean's opening. The omega couldn't help himself and bucked his bum upwards. "God, Cas."
“It didn’t go at all!” Dean yelled, standing up. He was still riled up and his mate was now about to receive the brunt of his anger. “If you don’t think I’m a capable human being, why’d you even mate me?”
The politician shrugged. "I suppose. Does that mean that you would be willing to see me again if mating wasn't the outcome?"
Jo turned in her seat. "I'm bringing two whole bags full of booze so we'll be having a lot of fun, I can promise you that."
Dean nodded, going back upstairs to check on Sam. He found him sitting up in his bed, tapping away on their laptop, his cheeks red and his eyes watery from fever.
Dean nodded vehemently. “I did!” he assured the older man, then continued more sedately, “but then Castiel told me that I might regret it if I don’t help him out now. That when he’s gone I might feel guilty.”
On their way to Bobby's, Dean thought back to the kisses they had shared and he couldn't help but touch his lips several times as he still felt them tingle. He knew, rationally, that the tingly feeling was a result of his blood having been brought to his lips by Castiel's endeavours, but he couldn't help but feel it was a bit magical.
He found out that until six years ago, in some states an alpha had been allowed to mate with more than just one omega, one of those states unsurprisingly Texas. He also read about how unmated omegas couldn't receive child benefits up until two years ago and how they still got less money than the mated ones even now. There was no such limit for single alpha or even beta parents.
"You're going to eat today?" asked his father after watching Dean stand at the counter, staring into space.
"You are welcome to call me Castiel then, Bobby," said Cas and maybe Dean was wrong. Maybe he did realize the privilege he had been offered because his voice sounded almost awed, though still professional.
Rushing into their bedroom, Dean shook Castiel awake, spluttering an explanation of what was going on. He couldn’t remember John ever being so out of control before, which had him almost as terrified as Sammy.
A whole week later found Dean standing with his brother in front of the local school where the merit scholarship referendum ballot box was. Sammy had insisted on tagging along despite not being able to vote because he wanted to see what it was like.
Ten minutes into the ride, Dean's hands stopped trembling and he felt courageous enough to turn to Benny. "So, you're a beta."
The politician stared into his eyes for a beat, trying to read whether Dean was truly comfortable, before smiling and tugging his boxer briefs down and over the younger man's excited erection. Dean felt the warm air hit his privates and shuddered in anticipation, lifting his eyes to Castiel's.
“No. I mean, all I could think about was Aaron,” Dean explained. “Someone standing near ‘Nurse Minger’” - he readily adopted Meg’s name for the horrid beta nurse - “but I didn’t see who it was. Probably a friend of hers, but I don’t remember exactly what they said, beyond something about how I shouldn’t be allowed to have children. I don’t even know if it was a man or a woman,” he finished bitterly, feeling exhausted and again wishing he hadn’t got out of bed.
Gabe didn’t look concerned, though; he just pointed at the coffee table, where a black plastic bag sat. “I brought everything we need, Dean-o,” he told him. “All the spices, flour and even the rum.”
Dean wriggled in his mate’s grip, “Probably the centre. I don’t think he has the resolve to manage a group therapy - he’d just stop going.”
"Do what?" asked Castiel with a tilt of his head, and the gesture was so familiar that Dean felt much better at seeing it.
The waitress then smiled at Dean, her pen prepared above her notepad, which prompted him to blurt out, "I'll have the same," before frowning. "Wait, no. I don't want water, bring me a Coke or something," he told the waitress, making both her and Castiel chuckle.
Charlie clapped her hands together once and looked around. "Okay, so I booked five rooms in total with four beds each and I even managed to whine enough to the hotel manager to persuade the him to let more people sleep on the floor if they're quiet and don't make a mess. So I'm just gonna pick up the keys and then we can go and get settled. The party starts at six, so we have about a hour to get ready."
Dean shrugged. "I don't mind; it's good to know you find me attractive. And well, at least you're honest about it," he said with a grin.
Castiel chided, “None of that,” his gaze following Dean’s to the spot under the sink. The cupboard was now locked up tight - with an industrial-strength steel lock. It would be easier for Aaron to take the doors off the hinges than to get through that lock. “We’d childproofed the entire house to a high standard.”
Dean hesitated. "Yeah? I mean it's the first time I noticed, so probably. Look, the guy wasn't a complete jerk about it; he explained his reasons but-"
Castiel’s knot started catching on his rim, and as always, Dean found it hard not to come. He wanted this to be special for Cas though, so he forced away the urge to climax and concentrated on his husband, contracting around his long, hard length. He was rewarded by a gasp from Cas, so he repeated the motion.
Dean immediately knew something was up. "It's okay, Dad. I'm sure Cas has somewhere to be and I've already taken up too much of his time and-"
"Pleased to meet you too," he said, remembering some proper behaviour and dropping the senator's hand.
The politician shrugged. “I wouldn’t know but my guess is that someone who’s seen us together or even someone who knows us directly decided to earn themselves a spot of money and tipped the newspaper off. The journalist just took it from there, creating their own story - one that would be enticing for people to read. Trust me, a lot of what has been written about me in the past wasn’t true.”
Castiel didn't seem to hear him as he inspected a great white from up close, but Dean didn't mind. They went through the rest of the exhibition mostly quietly, commenting sparsely and just enjoying the view.
Dean shook his head fondly, pulling out the stand mixer. “Now we mix it together?” he inquired. Gabriel nodded, and while Dean was mixing, Gabe whipped up the egg whites with a pinch of salt. After folding the egg whites in, the batter was ready to be poured into a greased cake pan.
Dean clambered out of the car as soon as Cas pulled into John’s driveway. Thankfully, the drive from city hall hadn’t taken long at this time of night. After knocking on the door to alert John that he was there, Dean walked in the house, calling out, “Dad?”
Dean nodded in agreement, while Castiel teased, “They didn’t get on at first, but that’s all sorted now.”
His lover leaned closer to kiss his lips. "You are so beautiful, Dean," he whispered. "What you just did was the most perfect thing I have ever seen."
Sam looked up and the tears spilled. "I-" his voice cracked, "I look up to you Dean," he said quietly and Dean realized the tears weren't a result of the fever.
Before anyone could question him further, they pulled up in front of a nice-looking hotel and the whole party, excluding Charlie, grabbed their things and got out of the car. They entered the hotel lobby and went to stand to the side and wait for the redhead who had all their room information.
“Nah, I’ve got it,” Dean assured him. “Enjoy the break,” he then teased. “I’ll put you back to work after your birthday.”
“He said that maybe it would be better to pay for some sort of therapy rather than just give him money. Bobby thinks that would just enable his addiction, you know?” Dean looked up at his alpha. “It’s like treating the symptoms instead of the illness.”
Dean was at a loss for what to say. He never expected something like this to happen and he didn't know how to deal with the situation. The man was nice enough and everything but Dean wasn't really the type to accept such offers, especially since he knew it wouldn't go anywhere and he would just be messing the guy about.
It was at that point that Dean entered the room, his hands raised in a pretended surrender. "Is it safe to come in? No bloodshed yet?"
"That's not true," Dean said indignantly; "some of them are really good people. I bet if you met Castiel you would change your mind."
“Enough wallowing, pet.” The crisp voice was accompanied by a staccato tapping of heels. “You’re no longer a mardy teenager.”
Dean had to admit that the big-eyed shark did look a bit like he was giving them puppy eyes, so he smiled at his lover. "I knew you would see it my way, though I don't think anyone would believe that it was sharks that changed your mind about predator cuteness."
The omega’s eyes narrowed, but then he decided to let it go. If Cas wanted to have a pissing contest with Bobby about who bought a better present for Dean, who was he to stop him?
Cas beamed at him as if the joke had actually been a good one. “It’s your favourite - cardamom-cinnamon,” he informed his husband. “I made it just before I came in to get you.”
Dean wiggled again, prompting another pat. "You don't think it would just be rubbing the salt in? You know, seeing this house and everything?"
It the past week his father had researched Castiel from top to bottom, from right to left and despite not completely agreeing with his politics, he concluded that he would make a good mate. John had also tried to contact him on his official e-mail but since Castiel hasn't called him or otherwise contacted him, the messages must have not reached him.
Dean nodded. Omegas tended to be third-class citizens no matter where they lived. As often happened when he thought about omega rights, he felt a surge of gratitude for Castiel. His alpha mate wasn’t at all hung up on typical expectations for alphas, betas and omegas.
Castiel looked him in the eye. "We didn't talk about it beforehand, Dean; I can hardly just bite you out of nowhere."
The explanation provided was that disagreeing made you actually get better educated on the topic before you attempted to have a conversation with the opposing party as well as formulating your arguments and basing them on facts.
Before Dean could push as to what ‘mainly’ encompassed, two little boys raced into the kitchen, each of them glomming onto one of their dad’s legs.
It was too late for that, realized Dean as he watched his father's eyes burn with interest. He was obviously already planning something that would make Castiel interested in mating Dean, and God knew Dean hated that. He wanted people to be interested in him just like he was and if Castiel didn't like what he saw, then Dean didn't want him. No matter how many gummy smiles he sent his way.
The senator shrugged. “I suppose I just feel weird about another man buying you such a big gift. I didn’t even know you wanted a car; otherwise I would’ve bought you one,” he explained, before adding, “a working one.”
Just as his phone chirped with an alarm he had set on five minutes to three, Dean saw a bright orange car with a Star Trek badge painted on the bonnet. That must be Charlie, he thought and shot off a quick text to his dad.
Completely and ridiculously unfair, he repeated to himself as he stomped down the street leading to their humble house. He had wanted to get a job in the first place so that he could help with the bills at home, so there was no chance of him having children at the moment as he wouldn't be able to support them. So what the hell did that Crowley guy have a problem with?
Dean didn't even have to think about it. The newest toothpaste commercial was everywhere. It showed a pretty young omega man brushing his teeth before going to the bedroom to his alpha mate and kissing a path down his chest. When he got to the belly button, the video cut to a black screen with the words,
Dean ran down the stairs as soon as he heard the knock on the door. He jumped from the second to last step, accelerating again after he turned into the hallway and barely managing to skid to a halt in front of the closed front door. He took a second, feeling relieved that he hadn’t smashed his face into the wood, before finally wrenching the door open.
“There’s no sense in wasting my time on someone who can’t accept a bit of constructive criticism,” Meg sneered, gathering up the photos, shoving them back into her briefcase, and departing in a huff.
Castiel let out a growl in response, crawling over the smaller man, biting at Dean's bottom lip lightly when he reached his face. "Turn around," he whispered against his mouth.
The politician took Dean's face in his hands, kissing softly his pouty lips. "Of course I do, Dean. I love you and I have no reservations - which is a first for me, as you know. I just want you to be sure."
The reporter's face appeared again. "The Liberal Colorado senator, Castiel Novak, known for his support of omegaist and betaist groups, also had some things to say."
“Tell you what, though,” Gabe continued. “We’ll get out a calendar and we’ll mark off every day between now and Christmas with a big ‘X’, okay?”
Dean cleared his throat and raised the mug of tea again, inhaling deeply, grateful that it masked his body odour. Before he spent any time with the twins, he’d need to shower and put on some clean clothes.
As Charlie and Gabe hotly questioned Megan about whether anything could be done to censure the unknown person, Dean’s eyes drifted over to the newspaper. His eyes landed on a byline lower down on the front page, beneath the greasy smear left by the scone.
Dean agreed to play along with Jo and an omega girl called Emily. He watched as Charlie struggled with the game plan, chuckling at her frustrated grunts before bending down to help her.
His father sighed. "There will come a day when you'll have to re-evaluate that opinion, son. Not everyone can choose who they end up with and some things are more important than that."
As Dean opened the oven, his husband’s stomach let out a prolonged growl. The omega laughed, shooting a teasing look at his mate as he used a couple of potholders to remove the tray with the bread.
“You need to become more thick-skinned,” Meg reassured him. “Things like this are common in politics. You manipulate the situation to your advantage no matter how true or untrue your information is. You think others don’t do it?”
Dean grinned at the way Cas awkwardly pronounced the Czech word, noticing the waitress hide her smile behind her notepad. "And I'll have the duck with red cabbage and potato dumplings."
Dean shrugged. "It's not like I would really mind, I'm worried that I won't know if we're compatible until we are mated anyway. You know, people show their true colours only after it's a certain deal."
John's face took on an expression of pity. "But they do, Dean," he said quietly. "A man like Novak is never going to be interested in someone who spends eight hours a day covered in motor oil."
"No, this douchebag- sorry, this Crowley person told me that he couldn't offer me a job since I was an omega."
“Of course, Dad,” Dean reassured him, hope spreading through him. “Sammy’s always welcome at our house.” The omega realized he was proud to call John ‘Dad’ for the first time in years.
The movie finally got over all the copyright bollocks in the beginning and the opening theme of the fourth
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” the twins insisted, their voices overlapping so that it became nearly impossible to distinguish one from the other. “Horsey, Gumpy!”
Dean scoffed but Jo continued before he could say anything. "Just wait till you see him. Dark sexy hair, deep blue eyes, tanned skin."
There was no response, except for a quiet shuffle coming from upstairs. The omega therefore climbed up to the first floor, Castiel right behind him. Dean was shocked to find his dad sitting in his old room, flipping through one of his school notebooks and crying. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen John cry.
They did share their impressions after they left the Underwater World, heading along the main street, hands still clutched together.
The teen quickly brewed a pot, setting out cream and sugar along with cups and spoons, as well as some freshly baked cranberry-pistachio biscotti. “Is there anything we can do about the alcohol rumors?” he inquired worriedly as he seated himself across from the coach. “I don’t want Cas catching any more flak from the opposition.” The omega ladled five spoonfuls of sugar into his cup, when he normally would’ve wanted one spoonful at the most, attributing his sudden craving for the sweetener to concern about his mate.
John lightly punched Bobby in the arm. “There’s plenty of blame to go around,” he said tiredly. “It’s not your fault. I know better than to take my eye off these two.”
Figuring that was as warm an endorsement of his father as he could expect from Bobby - John ranked well below Castiel in the cantankerous beta’s estimation - Dean had immediately begun searching for a VW bug from the 1960s or early 1970s.
He was secretly hoping his younger brother would present as an omega, since then John would give the Impala to Dean. Sammy didn't really care about the car anyway and wouldn't really know what to do with it.
Dean reused to rise to the bait. "Whatever, Dad," he said as he pushed past the older man and headed up the stairs. "Sammy will get some pocket money from us but you'll have to live off of what you earn."
“Don’t you think John will try to drag him home?” Bobby asked sceptically. “He’s a right stubborn prick, that one.”
“Is that safe?” Dean attempted a feeble joke, pointing at the pot of tea that sat steaming on the table.
“I’d forgotten how abrasive Meg can seem when she meets someone for the first time.” Cas chuckled. “She doesn’t mean it in a bad way. You should be honored she called you an angel, I think the nicest thing she ever called
He didn't count on meeting Castiel, who as much as he was pro omega rights probably wouldn't want a mate like Dean. A mate who wanted to work instead of popping out children.
John stood up, patting Dean's head. "And make sure to present yourself well so that a respectable alpha notices you. If you behave like your common hobo, only poor and desperate alphas will take interest in you."
“Yeah,” Dean acknowledged. “He wouldn’t even eat that devil’s food cupcake Meg gave him until you said it was okay.”
No, please no, the omega thought. He cautiously raised his head and turned it so that he could peer over his shoulder.
"Yeah," whispered Dean, never meeting Cas' eyes in favour of staring down. He moved his hand again and watched the length twitch. This was brilliant, he thought, sliding his hand the opposite direction now. And again. And again until he was stroking Castiel in a regular rhythm.
He snapped out of the daydream when he felt a dollop of slick leak from his hole. Embarrassed, he craned his head to see if it had seeped through his jeans and fortunately found that wasn’t the case. He sniffed the air to make sure there was no betraying scent before pushing open the door to the shop.
Castiel continued in his politically coached voice, "It is proving not to be enough though, and many hospitals are either understaffed or underequipped. We think this is easily remediable by having people pay small fees whenever they go to the doctor's office, which sends the money directly to the hospitals and free clinics." He paused to look at Dean intently. "I find the system better than raising the taxes on the rich again and have politicians redistribute the money into their own pockets before leaving anything for the health resort. If the money goes directly to the hospitals, people will get better care."
manage to get up and see Castiel on his way? “Um,” he stuttered, quailing at the idea of getting out of bed but determined to try. “The kitchen?” he added weakly.
Castiel nodded, his stubble rubbing against Dean's cheek. "Your dad is a former soldier; of course you feel it, Dean."
Dean hadn’t known it at the time, but all those rejections were a good thing. He’d lucked out with not finding a spot until Bobby took a chance on an omega and hired him.
It was several long and pleasurable seconds later that Dean came back to himself from the haze of lust and arousal he had been drowning in. Castiel was mouthing at Dean's non-existent abs and Dean's level of anxiety abruptly spiked.
Another beta with black curly hair joined their conversation at that point. “Speak for yourself,” she told the redhead. “
“Okay, I’ll try again,” the omega mumbled, his heart beginning to beat faster as Cas’ hand drifted lower.
Dean walked up to the church slowly, being early again, rolling his thoughts around in his head. He was looking forward to seeing his new friends again, especially Charlie. They had chatted together a few times over the past two weeks, talking about anything from politics to
He then started playing some of his new songs, head bobbing to the beat as he waited for an answer. He didn't have to wait long.
, Dean fumed to himself. He was a grown up man, a skilled mechanic that could support himself - and Sammy - if need be. He was glad his brother was over at a friend’s and wasn’t there to see this woman treat him so condescendingly.
The omega opened his mouth to say something else but his mate’s sure fingers sliding into his crack and pressing against his heat chased all rational thought away, so what he ended up saying was, “Guh.”
Soon, Dean found himself needing more, so he decided to begin meeting Cas’ hips on each forward thrust. It made things infinitely better, as the added stimulation forced his mate to increase his tempo.
Dean was interrupted by Bobby's snort. "They all say that, Dean. In the end, the only thing any politician fights for is their own best interest."
Dean clicked out of the chat, returning to the main page and noticed there was another new article there.
Dean blushed. "I don't know. I mean, I think so... Yeah, I think that if everything goes well, I'd like to mate him. Or well, you know, consider it."
attitude that needs adjusting,” he asserted. “Within ten minutes, you’ve condescendingly called me ‘pet’, ‘puppy’, a ‘mardy teenager’, ‘stupid’, a ‘five-year-old’, ‘angel’ and ‘brat’, acting as if I’m too retarded to even notice that you don’t think much of me. If you can’t treat me as an equal - just because I’m an omega - then, no, I can’t learn from you.”
“I think it’s that whole religious schism thing,” Charlie commented, speaking quietly so as not to disturb Meg, who was just saying, “Lieutenant Henriksen, good morning.”
Quite pleased with himself for successfully completing his mission, the young omega idly browsed the store windows he passed by on his way to the taxi stand. He’d decided he didn’t feel like lugging everything on the bus; besides, it’d be just his luck to have someone nick his new togs.
"Hello Dean," came the raspy greeting from above him and Dean looked up from where he was sitting in a Margo's booth. Damn, Castiel was just as handsome as he remembered and Dean really didn't need that at all.
Dean unlocked the front door, stepping into the small hallway and chucking his jacket on the hanger and toeing off his shoes violently, leaving them in the middle of the floor.
They all turned to the two of them, Gabe immediately letting go of Benny and jumping on Dean. "Hi, Dean-o, how are you?"
Castiel gave him a gummy smile, “I’ll miss you too,” he told him kindly, caressing the side of his face with the pad of his thumb. “Have a good day, Dean.”
After lunch, Dean was sitting behind the front desk, manning the phone and writing up the online reservations into their paper planner for Bobby. His boss wasn't exactly a fan of computers, and while knowing it was necessary, he didn't want to have anything to do with them.
After swooping down on Noah, the other mischievous cherub, and picking him up, John appeared in the entryway to the living room. “Holy sh- cow,” he groaned, the fond look on his face belying his words, “it’s impossible to keep up with
When Castiel went so far as to ladle some of the Tuscan sausage and bean brew into the dish in front of him and raise the bowl to his mouth, he gaped in astonishment. Was his mate actually going to try consuming the soup like that?
“Uh, no,” Dean belatedly replied, feeling like an idiot. It had never occurred to him to ask for a copy of the report.
After a curious look sent Den's way, the senator turned to the waitress to place his own order. "A barbecue hamburger with extra cheese and some water, please."
“I’d better get a move on,” Charlie now said after reading a text that had just come in. “Gilda’s cooking for the two of us and we’re gonna watch a movie on demand.”
“So,” the blond said after swallowing an impressive amount of the Italian sweet. “You said you were a mechanic, Dean?”
“Oh, puppy, of course it will happen again.” Meg chuckled. “You should watch some of the supposedly adult politicos have a tantrum; they outclass you any day.”
Castiel slid his finger over the side of his glass, obviously feeling uncomfortable. "I don't identify as an omegaist because I don't want to have to live up to certain expectations or assumptions. I- uh, I understand it's hard to understand-"
Dean watched the confused expression on the older man's face and felt like an idiot. Did he really have to say that?
Dean put the bottle on their coffee table and frowned at it. “That’s not a good idea,” he muttered. “My dad is addicted to the stuff.”
Castiel leaned closer to his face, kissing the side of his mouth as not to obstruct his breathing. "Come for me then," he urged him before moving his head to the side and biting at the mating gland in Dean's shoulder.
It was whole four hours later that Dean finally finished, because it turned out there was more structural damage done to the car than he’d previously thought and he had to do more work than he expected. He did manage it in time for lunch though, so that was something. He told Bobby the four-wheeler was ready and his boss sent a text to the owner, telling him the car was ready for a pick up.
Dean sighed, feeling a bit dejected. He had kind of hoped Bobby would tell him it was all right to consider mating with Cas. The hadn't really talked about it and Castiel might not even want to but Dean felt hopeful.
He bit off almost half of his burger in one go, his cheeks bulging out. He must've looked stupid but he didn't care. Not like there was anyone around to judge him.
Castiel ran a soothing hand down his back. “Sweetheart,” he sighed. “It’s going to happen again no matter what you do. The press is always going to find something to write about - no matter how perfect you are. If it’s not this, then it’s going to be that.”
Dean bit his lip, staring at Cas' contact number, Crowley's Autoshop staring back at him. It wasn't any use anymore to keep calling him that, so Dean tapped on the
“No,” she responded in a drawly voice, “caffeine gets me too wired. Too much of it really isn’t good for you, you know?”
Dean didn’t know how much time had passed when he was roused by Castiel shifting his weight off of him. Enough time for his mate’s knot to loosen, but probably not much more than that.
"I swear to God, he did. I mean, he posed it as a completely theoretical question and told me in confidence, but... you know."
When Cas got home that evening, he looked absolutely done in, but he still found the energy to reassure Dean, “Sweetheart, there’s no way you could have either foreseen or prevented these rumors.”
Dean turned off the computer, thoroughly disgusted, and went in search of his brother, figuring Sammy could use some meds again.
Communicate. Right. No chance of forgetting then; he might just have to tell Cas how he felt after all.
A few minutes later, he was settled down across from Cas, the candles flickering on the sideboard and the table providing a soft, romantic light. Noticing that the alpha was glancing around, as if trying to find something, Dean started looking too. Oh, he thought, Castiel was probably wondering where the salad was.
Also, if any of my faithful readers have any ideas as to what they would like to see in the story, don't hesitate to share your ideas. I will give my head a wobble and try to include them :)
He clicked on shuffle play and started picking up strewn clothes and papers that adorned the living room, bobbing his head to the rhythm.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, not because of what Cas said but because of what he didn't say. He didn't say Dean just ruined a perfectly romantic moment and-
The omega rolled his eyes, wiggling in Castiel's embrace and earning himself another pat on the butt. "Of course not, but I wasn't really nice about it. And then I felt so bad about everything that I just packed my bags and left."
Dean watched Castiel come to a slight halt, his bright eyes flickering over Bobby's face in assessment. It didn't take more than two seconds but the pause was noticeable. Before anyone could comment on it, Castiel's polite smile changed into something more real, his professional front slipping off and giving way to the Cas Dean knew.
He didn’t see the newspaper on the table, which was where it was usually left by whoever picked it up, so Dean looked around the kitchen. Spotting the paper on one of the counters, the young man pushed back his chair, the wooden legs scraping across the tiles, and stood up to retrieve it.
This time some shuffling could be heard coming from the living room couch. Dean walked over and found the alpha staring blearily at him from beneath a warm blanket - clearly having just woken up.
Gabe continued reading, “Any other omegas who stray from being homemakers should have the same done.”
And unsurprisingly - considering how self-absorbed he had been - Dean had never thought about it like that. Did that mean Cas was also nervous while they were sitting on the couch? The omega thought back and tried to remember if maybe Castiel's hands shook or if his voice was unsteady but he couldn't recall anything other than how he himself had felt. Was it the same for Cas? Was it possible that he hadn't even noticed Dean's floundering because he was too preoccupied with his own feelings?
“You know you didn’t need to get me anything else, ri-” Castiel questioned as he slid the ribbon off the box and removed the lid. Then, struck silent, he stared at the tiny little shoes before looking at Dean, his face alight with wonder.
"I'm not sure," Cas said slowly, "but the way I feel when I'm around him... I've never felt like that before."
“Not really.” Dean was still uncertain but he hadn’t been charged or anything, so ‘accused’ seemed a little strong. “I mean, a couple of detectives showed up at the hospital. They talked to me and to the ER doctor who treated Aaron, but that was it. Before the police left, they told me they were satisfied that no crime had been committed and that I didn’t pose a danger to my child. I think that’s what was going in their report.”
John apparently didn’t share his opinion, though. He swung the door open, a sour look on his face. “What are you doing ringing the bell, kid?” he questioned, “It’s not like it’s your first time here, is it?”
"I really like your taste in furniture, sir," Sam complimented Castiel as he ran a hand over the coffee table. "It's practical."
"Oh," breathed Dean, sliding his hand down Castiel's muscled torso to rest it against the older man's own erection. "You didn't..."
She got a vehement nod of agreement from John, who was apparently keeping one ear on the adult conversation while helping Gabe keep the twins distracted.
The man nodded. "Of course, I just wondered if you would, maybe, want to come to the cinema with me sometime?"
As he sat at the kitchen table, head buried in his arms, the omega was distantly aware of the doorbell ringing. His dad would get rid of whomever it was, Dean thought disinterestedly, more tears leaking from beneath his eyelids and soaking into the sleeves of the green velour robe.
The light brushes against the spot inside him never ceased though and Dean could feel a weird sort of tightness swirl around in his gut, as if begging to be released. It almost tickled, the feeling not unlike collywobbles. It grew and grew and Dean felt even his remaining control slipping away. The tightness suddenly intensified, his muscles clenching all the way to his curling toes, before releasing.
Dean shook his head with a grin, pointing Charlie in the way of the kitchen. He was glad he could talk to the energetic girl again.
Meg gave him a patronising smile. “Oh, even better - now you sound like a five-year-old. Are we also going to have an old-fashioned exchange of ‘Do not! Do too!’?”
And hell if the omega didn't feel a small twinge of excitement at his father's words before he managed to squash it down. "Why?" he questioned suspiciously.
Dean was still feeling jittery an hour later, during which he’d busied himself cleaning the kitchen. When he started sweating profusely, he stopped scrubbing out the kitchen sink because he was also rather lightheaded. He figured it must be because of his upcoming heat. Pouring himself a glass of water, he went to the master bedroom and pulled his heat tracker out of the nightstand on his side of the bed. He went to mark down his symptoms when he noticed his heat should have already started two weeks earlier - around the time of the political do at city hall. What the hell?
Bobby must have noticed Dean's face because his eyes softened. "Do what makes you happy, Dean; there will always be people to pick you up if it doesn't work out."
“Hey, no being sad, okay?” Dean murmured, giving his brother a hug. “You’re here now and you’re staying. That’s final.”
After handing the coach her cuppa, the omega took the seat next to her. He braced himself, looking directly at the woman. “I’m sorry for the way I behaved yesterday,” he apologised. “You were only doing your job, so I shouldn’t have thrown a hissy fit. It won’t happen again.”
“Oops,” John said easily, “runaway milk. No worries, little beetle, I’ve had many a worse stain on my clothes. “Why don’t you try again?” he advised. He guided the cup toward Aaron’s mouth while keeping a careful eye on Noah, who glanced up at his grandfather through his eyelashes as he went to jostle his brother again. The disapproving lift of an eyebrow stopped him dead, however.
The screen showed a butch-looking woman with a caption underneath informing them she was named Georgia Corvin, age 22, designation omega. She was saying, "I have been refused by numerous record companies because of what I look like; some of them even told me that they would sign me on if I changed my appearance." She started getting emotional. "I just want to be judged based on my talents and not based on the fact that I am not your typical omega-"
Two hours later they were sitting at a nearby ice cream parlour, Dean stuffing his face with two scoops of chocolate and one scoop of strawberry ice cream, while Castiel slowly worked his way through one measly scoop of mango ice cream. He had answered Dean's questioning look with a shrug and a quip about older people having a slower metabolism, which Dean didn't think deserved any real acknowledgment. The dude was hot and Dean didn't think he needed to be reminded of it.
Both men smiled as they watched clumsy, plump hands grasp the cups and bring them to chubby faces. Aaron almost immediately looked up in round-eyed dismay when Noah’s arm jiggled his cup, causing the milk and cookie mixture to miss his mouth and plop onto his granda’s jeans.
They finished their pudding in a comfortable silence before leaving hand in hand and strolling back to the car.
"Of course, Dean. I will even get you that car, you can't keep getting around by bus all the time; it's not safe. Especially after dark."
Dean came closer to the glass and noticed that once his eyes adapted better to the present light conditions, he could actually see what Castiel was talking about.
“When will you be back?” Dean asked his mate, handing him his briefcase. They were standing in the foyer of their brownstone, Castiel dressed up to go to work, while Dean was still in his pyjamas as he had a day off from the garage.
Castiel tilted his head to the right. "Not really. I suppose that Moravia might be debatable but Prague is definitely situated in Central Europe."
Castiel must've noticed Dean's confusion because he cleared his throat and his eyes finally cleared a bit. "I apologize, Dean. I know this must be sudden."
Dean felt tears well up in his eyes. "Yes I can," he spat at his dad before stomping up the stairs to his room and slamming the door behind himself.
Castiel came over with two glasses of honey whiskey, and handing one over to Dean, he sat next to him. "Sometimes, when I feel nostalgic and want to spend an evening staring into the embers. It doesn't happen often though."
He could see him getting angry again though. "Then how are you not mated? What did you do, Dean? Did you mouth off at him or something?"
“Yeah. Obviously, not everyone believes them and anyone who knows how PR works can figure out the truth, but his name remains untarnished in the public’s eye.”
He had invited the whole gang over to his house for somewhat of a slumber party, when he found out John had a night shift that day and everyone agreed that they'd come to watch some movies and stuff themselves with junk food. Everyone was supposed to bring something, Charlie volunteering her movie collection, Gabe bringing brownies and other sweet confections, Jo saying she'd bring some booze, Benny offering to bring some fried chicken and cheeseburgers, leaving the chips and popcorn to Dean and Sam.
It took Dean a while to zoom in on the merit scholarship law information, but when he did, he realized why it was that Castiel had appeared at Charlie's movie night. If there was to be a referendum, the alphas and their omegas would clearly outvote the unmated omegas and the law would not pass through.
him - but the reasonableness with which Cas had spoken grated on his nerves. Worried out of his mind about Aaron after he guzzled Windex, the omega hadn’t registered what the paediatrician said about kids drinking toxic substances not being uncommon.
Castiel tilted his head. "That must be it," he said calmly and if Dean hadn't noticed the twinkle in his ice blue eyes, he would've thought he was serious.
"Great amount of our problems come from insufficient supervision of banks, corporations and tax payments," said Cas with passion, "I understand your worry about the welfare benefits and I agree that those who can't work because of some medical or other reason are deserving of some solidarity. However, there are a great number of people who don't have a job, receive welfare and then go and work illegally so they don't have to pay taxes. Those people are literally robbing our country of money.
Dean was startled when Aaron, who was plainly about to follow his brother’s lead, hesitated and looked up at him. “’kay, Dadada?”
“Yes, Bobby,” Dean agreed with a fond look on his face. “I’m happy though - I really am - so I don’t think I’ll need you kicking any arses.” He shot a cheeky grin Bobby’s way. “And his ass isn’t bony.”
Castiel propped himself up on an elbow, Dean’s hand gripped in his. “You know that what happened with Aaron wasn’t your fault, right, sweetheart? That lieutenant who came around with Meg, Henriksen, flat out apologised for the way his men harassed you, suspecting you on that nurse’s say-so.”
The redhead, and Dean should really try to remember her name, heaved a tired sigh. “Commiserations, more like,” she remarked. “We have four of our own and they’re little devils. All they do is scream at each other and pull their hair.”
Dean quickly changed into his blue jumpsuit, attaching his name tag and leaving the locker room. He heard them before he saw them.
I wish to thank 'lytenakye' for the aquarium date idea as well as all the others who contributed, I adore you all :)
The next morning was all weird with so many people trying to get their morning caffeine fix at once and the girls fighting over the bathroom - literally fighting. Dean thought he saw Jo pull Charlie's hair once.
Dean immediately stood up, nodding his head enthusiastically and trying not to show that the beta scared him, while the other guy had no such scruples. He just ran off.
Aaaand I come to you with another chapter (I know, I know, it took forever). I was a tad busy over Christmas because I had to have my wisdom tooth extracted on the 25th :( Imagine all that wonderful food on the table and me sitting in the corner with a bowl of yoghurt :D
"You shouldn't try to achieve equality by lowering yourself to our level, you should raise us to your level. You're not doing anyone any favours the way you're setting it up."
Crowley's professional smile dropped slightly, his patience thinning. "They all say that, kiddo. Look, I'm sorry but I can't offer you a job. That's final."
Castiel nodded. “Of course, let me lead you somewhere a bit more quiet,” he offered, a hand at the small of Dean’s back.
"Stop! Just, stop," said Dean forcefully, finally running out of patience, "You don't have to practice your political agenda on me, Cas."
Dean could practically feel his own eyes glitter in amusement. "I'm sure, Cas. I want to try. I'm just hesitant, I guess; I have never been in a relationship before."
He then turned to the politician, words of confidence on his tongue, but upon noticing the intent look Castiel was giving him, he swallowed them back down. "What?"
"Maybe you should. What if he really thinks you are talking to him only because of his money? Shouldn't you explain?"
“Well, if it’s for my birthday, I should get what I want, isn’t that right?” Castiel bantered, flickers of heat dancing in his eyes and turning them a deeper blue.
John looked up at Castiel. “Are you still willing to send me to that rehab center?” he asked, both mortification and determination in his voice.
As soon as Dean finished the sentence, he thought that that might actually be the reason Castiel saw something in him. Dean wasn't besotted like the others but he was still pleasant enough - unlike Jo. That might be why the politician was interested.
Megan ‘call me Meg’ Masters got Dean’s back up almost as soon as she arrived that Saturday morning. The political coach greeted him with, “So you’re Dean, the little pet that needs help?”
The older man gave him a cheeky grin. “It does, doesn’t it? It’s all those spices. Makes an omega’s slick all sugary and spicy too - or so I’ve heard. Imagine how crazy my brother will go on you the next time-”
Dean shook his head, sliding from underneath the car and gong over to the motor oil canisters, choosing the appropriate one after double-checking the brand. "Not really; he didn't even meet him."
and read the whole thing again. In the process, he assured himself that whatever felt good to him would feel good to Cas. he tried to memorize how to pleasure an alpha, and finally congratulated himself for having made use of the last rule of the article - to communicate.
John made a subtle face at hearing the word salad and Dean almost laughed because he recognized himself in that face, but his father managed to rein it in soon enough. "Okay."
Castiel nodded, flipping pages of his menu until he landed on the chicken section. "The most famous would probably be Schnitzel with potato salad or chicken in creamy paprika sauce. Oh, or you could try the duck with red cabbage and potato dumplings. I remember that being nice."
The older omega gave him a wide grin, and not even questioning Dean’s comment, he asked, “Was I at least a hot tortoise?”
Before starting his search, Dean had approached Bobby about using his garage to refurbish the car. The older mechanic had agreed, albeit somewhat begrudgingly. “John has come a long way from the first time I met him,” the man acknowledged. “He’s not staggering around in a drunken stupor, yelling at everyone and everything.”
