Silence.
"I don't know. Math? Science? History? At least I hope that's what they're teaching us or else you better reconsider sending us there."
"So you're okay with them staying for a long time," Tony summarized, smiling at the nod their eldest gave. "Nat? I know you've been having a tough time."
"Papa, I am going to miss you so much," Thor whispered.
"Just drop it Sam, and quit tryin' to get in my head!" Dean snapped, throwing the shirt harshly to the floor.
“We’ve been here before, Dean.” The man sighed before fully entering the room and taking a seat next to the teen’s bed. “Why didn’t you call me, Dean?” he implored, his eyes begging for an answer. “You know I would’ve been there in a flash! I’ve already got the police interviewing Sam and the rest of the kids to get their testimonies. All I need is some pictures of your injuries, and we have another court case.”
"Is that one your favourite?" Steve asked.
He just wanted Dean. He needed to know his brother was okay. He needed Steve and Tony to tell him Dean was okay, and to hold him if Dean wasn’t. He needed his family.
“Are there no adults you trust with that at all?” Steve inquired. “Doesn’t have to be a doctor, do you trust one adult to never force you to do anything of the kind?”
“Look, boy,” Bobby sighed once they were out of range. “I’m sorry for how I left things. It– aw hell I need some more Jack for this. The sentiment still stands, get out of the life and never look back, but I shouldn’t have been so hard on ya.”
“Good. No complaints,” he replied, and then moved to sit at the space with the plate covered in waffles. Tony offered him syrup and he dug in, moaning at the taste of the first real food he’d eaten in almost two days.
The parents mouthed to each other in confusion and followed their youngest as the boy tackled the man in a hug. Dean, however, was less than enthused to see the man Sam called ‘uncle’, dragging his feet and looking at the ground as they approached the two.
“This is awesome!” Sam blurted out, still in awe of everything festive.
“It’s better to be prepared!” the boy defended.
"Okay," Steve sighed, picking up his car keys and putting on his jacket. "We'll talk more about this later, I'll call you from the hospital if I can, okay?"
"'Tasha? What's that?" Clint pointed to the car.
The boy sniffed, attempting to keep from crying even harder. "I don't know," was his honest response.
“Ah,” the man reacted, holding the phone for Steve to read as well. “Nat is trying to get Dean to accept an apology.”
But enough of my pity party, I’m doing great! I figured out how to poop unicorns and sell leprechauns! Seriously, don’t worry about us! Focus everything you got into bringing home your kids' new uncle!
Well. The rest of world could've pissed off right then and there as far as Sam was concerned.
"Um, some book about World War 1 I think? The Western Front, maybe?" Dean responded, confused.
Dean nodded, then grabbed Sam's hand and lead them to the stairs.
"Really? Not one?"
Steve sat there at Bucky’s bedside, staring. Just staring.
"Really, Steve? The man who abandoned the kids that called him 'Uncle'? The man that never went five minutes without a beer in his hand at the funeral? The man that probably gave Dean codeine? The man that's in a frickin' biker gang?!"
AH I LOVE MY BETA morrismsteph you are amazing!
Dean stared at the table while the men processed the information. Their hearts hurt for the boy in front of them, and rage boiled in their stomachs for the men who dared touch their son. Pushing everything aside, Steve continued the conversation.
The two sat there, Loki's right hand securely in Dean's, the younger of the two giving the other the space to come up with the words. While they waited in the absolute stillness, Loki's left hand started fiddling with a previously hidden chain around his neck nervously. Finally, Loki sighed. "Look, it really
"What the fuck were you thinking?!" Tony shouted.
"You–for heaven's–Dean, I know you're high as a fucking kite right now. What drugs did you take?" Tony was angry.
"I mean it, anything, I'll cover for you! I know how to hide bruises, I don't scream that loud, no one would ever know!" An edge of panic betrayed the boys voice even as his face was a stony mask.
, was the first thing Dean thought as he and Steve crossed the threshold of the Stark Mansion.
Steve squeezed his shoulder. "That's okay. You're trying and that's all we can ask for."
“I made this sawed-off shotgun in third grade!” He explained, then realized what he’s just admitted to. “I mean, um–” the teen floundered to come up with an excuse as to why a kid would be making a gun.
“Isn’t it awesome?!” Sam’s eyes were wide with excitement.
Steve sighs as he thinks. "How about Loki and Dean. What's the latest on them?"
Dean shook his head. “I refused. I’m not about to let another perv near me like that.”
"Codeine? Nope. Probably got it from another guy who was too stupid to know not to give a teenager fuckin' codeine. Unfortunately not all our guys are geniuses. Any other questions?"
Surprisingly, Steve chuckled. “It’s a little more complicated than that Sam, but yeah. I just ignore that part.”
“And how are you feeling right now?” Tony asked softly.
“It’s a one-time thing,” Loki sneered. “Don’t get used to it.”
"Hey, how did the treasure hunt go?" Clint asked when his father's opened the door from the garage.
When two uniformed police officers appeared at the door of the Stark residence, the occupants were–understandably–worried. When those officers then insisted on having individual interviews, all hell broke loose.
This chapter hasn't been looked over by my lovely beta yet (I may just have finished it a couple of hours ago, whoops) so it may change slightly in the coming week.
"Is he in therapy?" Steve asked.
Steve sat at the table beside Dean, leaving Tony to sit next to Sam. "Okay, so here's what's gonna happen today." Steve addressed the boys. "Right now we're going lay out the house rules and you can ask any questions you want. We promise to be completely honest with everything we tell you. We'd also like to know more about the two of you, so we'll ask you some questions too, but know that you do not have to answer questions you don't want to. We would prefer you to say 'I don't want to tell you' over you lying to us. After that, the entire day is yours! Go swimming, check out the library, play video games, go crazy! Understand?"
“Uh, I’m pretty sure the church isn’t magic, Sam.”
Dean heard the door shut as Tony left and huffed in annoyance. Tony was right. He pushed himself up slowly, testing the wound, and found that it was like every other set of stitches he had: yeah, it hurt, but nothing to bitch about. By the time he had finished getting dressed and brushing his teeth, he heard the kids calling out farewells to him up the stairs.
"Yeah, yeah," the blond assured him. "I just, uh, he had to go in for surgery last night." Steve took a shaky breath. "They had to remove his arm to save his life."
Steve chuckled. “When Mr. Wilson told us where to find you, I left him threatening to sue everyone and everything, including the manufacturers of the door they locked us behind,” the man explained.
"Of not seeing each other!" Steve blurted out before any of the older siblings or Tony could make things worse. "It was just really nice to spend time together after not seeing each other."
He raised an eyebrow at the girl sitting across from him before opening the message.
"Uh, hello?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Every time she left a session with Dr. Hill she saw the colour. Sometimes it was sharp and painful, others it was faded and dull. Dr. Hill said the less she saw the colour, the better she was getting.
Steve smiled. "Seems he wants to get to know the man that made me leave the army and start a family. He knew that's what I wanted and I wouldn't do it without him."
Tony squeezed back just as tightly. "No need to thank me, darling. I'll just have to remember that when I'm scrubbing dry cum outta my pubes later."
I wanted to take this time to say a huge thank you to everyone who comments on every chapter!! Your words are fuel for my love of this fic!!! If you haven't commented yet, please let me know your thoughts and ideas on what you think is going to happen!
"Can he hear me at all?" the Captain asked. With the confirmation that his son couldn't hear him, Steve threw back his head and barked out a loud laugh. "He's becoming more and more like his dad every day, eh, Tones?"
"Extremely inappropriate? Nah, extremely inappropriate is my saying that you'd look absolutely delicious tied up to your bed with your ass in the air-"
“I’m sorry, Sam, but I don’t have any information on him yet. As soon as I do, I’ll let you know.” The woman gave a sad smile as she tried to comfort the distraught boy.
"I'll be damned if I let you feel the same." Tony took his hand back from Dean's chin and joined it with the other around Dean's hand. "I'm not saying don't have sex. I'm saying have sex with someone you care about, and someone who cares about you. Trust me, I've done the research and it makes a world of difference."
"It's really great to be back."
He kept eye contact as he pulled them down her legs and over her feet.
Dean paused at the door. Damn. Guy had a point.
Steve, baffled by how this relates to the boy's phone, took a moment before responding. "Sweetheart, I'm not seeing why dad took your-"
"Papa, we're ready!" Thor shouted through the door to the garage.
"We have so much to show you, Papa!" Clint retreated from the hug and started talking a mile a minute. "We recorded Nat's winter recital, and I have a new ribbon from archery and—"
Dean shrugged again. "I don't know it just is. I-I don't know."
"You do whatever you want to me if you don't touch Sam." Deans voice dropped off and silence filled the room.
Dropping a quick kiss to Sam's head, Steve headed to talk to Dean and leave the rest of the family to congratulate and welcome their newest member.
“Apparently they’re supposed to introduce the idea this week and see how it goes.”
"With your past, that's a very valid concern for you to have. However, when you're looking into the future, can you tell me a situation in which you would
"What happened to your old home?" the officer asked.
"I saw you and Sam in the media, Dean. Seems some billionaire has taken in two more foster kids, and that makes interesting news or some shit. Are they hurting you?"
The girl sat with her head between her knees and listened to Tony guide her through deep breathing in a chair across the room. Gaining control once more, Natasha lifted her head to look at the man and realized he was trying to hide tears as he gave her a slight smile.
“How the hell–you know what? No. I’m just gonna stop being surprised.” Dean shook his head, resigned to the fact that this man would know every one of his secrets, and, surprisingly, Dean was okay with that. “So, wait. If you know, what are you gonna tell Steve and Tony?”
"I'm not sure yet, Sammy," he answered truthfully. "But if we ever have a fight like the other night, and I tell you that you need to back off, you need to back off. Okay?"
So sorry for the delay! I wish real life didn’t get in the way of everything but what can you do…
“Oh my god! Yes, Tony, we were being safe!” Dean blushed, hiding in his plate.
"Who knows, we're not in his head, Sammy," the teen responded. "Now go to sleep before I smother you for keeping me up."
panties are in a
Thor looked at his plate, brow furled as he thought. "Would this not make them the lesser beings? For believing that that woman is beneath them, when they act in such a way?" He asked his parents.
“Okay, how about this:” the younger teen slowly moved towards the other, as if approaching a wild animal. “You give me the ring, you trust me enough to give me the ring, and I’ll put it in the fire and light it up. You don’t have to do anything other than give me the ring. Is that something you can do?”
"Why'd you save me? I thought we could have left it alone at that point. I got . . . Things off my chest. You could have had closure, could have known just what had happened to me. Went on with your life. Had your Starks or whoever else without a crippled war buddy hanging over your head."
Sun streaming through the windows greeted Steve as he opened his eyes. He didn't recall falling asleep. When he realized he wasn't in his tiny apartment he jolted up.
"I noticed you, you know!"
"Yeah."
"Couldn't keep em all from me I guess." His hair was all cropped off unevenly and he didn't turn to look at Tony.
dirty little secret. God help the nation if it ever got out that Captain America ran around with a prancing, fairy faggo--"
When he was gone, Tony rummaged through Cap's kitchen, opening empty cabinets and smelling everything in the fridge.
"You got it." One of the huge windows flickered into an HD feed of Bucky sitting on the couch eating a sandwich. He was flipping through a book he'd read a dozen times. Even alone the man looked tense.
That was a difficult conclusion to come to. He and Steve just used one another's bodies. a warm place on cold nights. And hell, Steve had to lose his virginity some how right?
Slowly, Barnes,
Bucky needed his space, didn't he?
He hadn't ever felt used before-- Not by Steve at least. Now he did and it was gutting him.
" there was nothing but disgust on Tony's voice.
"I'm here, I'm not going anywhere."  He pressed his lips to the Bucky's temple.
He laughed nervously.
Tony felt the heat pooling in his lower abdomen. He felt the blood rushing to his dick.
He allowed himself to relax and observe the lab as they walked through it. Sunlight filtered through the windows, equipment Bucky couldn't name was lining almost every surface. Tony and Bruce were standing across a long table, staring one another down.
He couldn't meet Steve's shocked gaze. "Tony--- what?"
His phone was in his hand before he realized, dialing Steve. Once he saw what he was doing he ended the call and sank down onto the floor with a defeated sigh.
"Jesus, no Bucky." Tony sighed. "We're going to have to build up a new connection point you don't have any bone left of from about mid clavicle we're going to have t--"
Bucky looked down at his fingers, white-knuckled as he gripped the rotting wood of an old tree stump. There was pain-- no, well, yes and no.
"I didn't get to cum."
Peter's easy laugh filled the room.
. I have nothing, no one, especially not you!"
" Bucky squinted up at him. "How did you. . . Geeze kid, I'm not dressed."
Bucky was adjusting to the new apartment with minimal difficulty. He'd gotten the hang of the crutch after a few days and could maneuver around like it was second nature.
Steve chuckled that it was Tony's preferred brand.
Tony was sitting on Cap's right, he hadn't left his side since the hospital.
Bucky gripped the steering wheel a little bit tighter and kept his eyes on the road.
"Ah."
"Is that the plan?" Tony whispered, the  question needy against his neck.
Steve took it with shaking hands. He felt more naked than he already was, now that there was a witness to. . . to. . .
Steve barely used the place. But it was as close to home as he had. Especially when he found out the old brownstone tenements he and Bucky had lived in had been demolished.
Peter choked on his spit and went red from the tips of his ears down. "Well. That's a new one."
Steve's cock hadn't changed much, sure it was a little bigger bit Steve had always had a cock to be proud of. Now Bucky was practically salivating for want of it. He was absolutely gagging for it.
He returned with a stack of pizza boxes, why had Tony ordered this much?
"You know I love you, right Tony?"
"Damn right. So what are you gonna do to fix this?" It pissed Tony off that Steve could hold the mug just out of his reach.
"Why'd you save me back in Germany?"
He began to move his hips just as Howard had instructed.
"It's almost eleven." Pepper interrupted when Tony was opening his mouth to agree.
This time when he withdrew his fingers, Steve actually
the whole time.
"Fine." Steve purred, he reached out his hand and slid it over the supple contour of Tony's ass. Tony shivered pleasurably at the touch.
His arms reached out and he desperately pulled himself close to Tony. His throat felt raw, like he'd been screaming. Had he?
"You're a little slut for me aren't you? Even when I'm being so nice and feeding you. I mean, fuck, look at you." Steve was slowly pushing his fingers in and out of Tony's mouth, sliding the pads of his fingertips over his tongue.
but his racing heart had him leaning forward.
"What? How. Please tell me you didn't just rip it off?"
That was a new memory too and it was restored just by being near Steve.
"Black Sabbath, iron man was really an egotistical choice in hindsight"
"Then go take him. I'm giving you permission."
"Right, so, Snow White," Tony stepped to the side of the table he and Bruce were at and pulled a sheet from over the objects there. "I've been up all night, as usual, but I came straight here when I had this breakthrough." Tony gestured to both the gleaming arm Bucky had already looked at with the addition of a metallic leg that looked like it was also made of Vibranium.
Cap shook his head. Tony resisted reaching up to yank off the hood at least. Just so he could muss his hair, card his fingers through it. But no, that was Too intimate, this was a heat-of-battle pent-up lust kind of thing after all. "So I get dressed down but you--" Cap put up a hand silencing Tony.
When they parted, both men were panting, pupils blown.
"Already you know me so well."
be back, I promise. I'm just going into the next room for ginger ale okay?"
And what Tony neglected to do was secure Bucky's suite.
"Maybe I could lend you a hand though?" He took a gleaming, polished and brand new arm from behind his back. Bucky's eyes widened. What was this
The words felt like a knife of ice piercing into Steve's heart.
The suit came apart at the seams and Tony found himself being pulled from it just as quickly.
Vision and Wanda were toward the front of the Quinjet, both speaking in hushed tones, oblivious to everything around them.
"You lov---?" His sentence was cut short when an explosion shook the ground.
of letting Steve have him like this before.
There was an almost imperceptible tremble to Tony's hand as it held Steve's.
When he'd swallowed, there was another bite waiting for him. This one, Steve teased with, he slid it along Tony's lower lip before pulling it off the fork and pushing it into his mouth with his fingers.
Maybe one day he'd tell Steve he was the air he'd kill to breathe.
"So all my guts kinds just slopped out when they picked me up? Fuck."
"It's got a soaking tub. All the little luxuries."
It wasn't easy getting Bucky out of there. They'd had to forcibly pull him from the
He was brought out from his thoughts as Cap pulled first his own shirt off over his head then Tony's.
"No it's just. . ." He worried his lips with his teeth, unintentionally looking so erotic it made Howard lightheaded. "It's just that I didn't expect it to feel so good." This was when Stark discovered that Steve's blush not only lit up his cheeks but spread to his chest as well.
Tony leaned in and claimed Bucky's lips, sliding his hands up trapping those cool metal wrists in his hands.
"Like letting us love you!" Tony shoved him, hard but he barely took a step back. Bucky was getting that cold look in his eyes, that Winter Soldier look.
"I'm glad I sent it to you, then." His hand moved subtly, wrapping around just a little tighter.
"I'm not interested in balloons."
I need a mission, you got anything?
made Tony flinch.
"Nh-no!" Bucky struggled to say as the floor started sinking, dragging the girder and his arm with it.  "God please, Tony! My arm! Please!"  His reality was slipping away, he was in HYDRA clutches. The mask of Ironman transformed into a blood red skull.
Bucky's metal hands laced into Steve's hair, keeping him there. Bucky was the one to turn the kiss filthy this time, his tongue sliding into Steve's mouth with eagerness. He could taste himself on Steve's lips, it made his cock twitch.
Steve retreated, heartbeat sounding in his ears. He made his way to Howard's bedroom sure enough his clothes were neatly folded with a shiny key on a Stark Industries keyring laying on top.
"I can't, Cap, I---"
He was pulled from his reverie by Tony's hands coming to rest on his shoulders. "There's a car, we're gonna follow" Tony's face was smudged in soot and dirt. His tee-shirt was clinging to him with sweat. "C'mon Cap."
When he was back on his text contacts screen his thumb briefly hovered over Bucky's name. Fuck it. He tapped send.
Here have some plot.
Bucky? Who was--? Oh that was him, they were talking about him.
Bzzzt. Clank.
Tony didn't turn to face him. "You had a world class freakout. You thought HYDRA was here, after you. You kept telling me to run, that you'd fight them. Do you remember?"
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes. What an understatement.
"Pete. Don't let anyone use you. Promise me." His voice was shaky but at least he was not crying any longer.
It was giving Tony anxiety but at the same time it kept his mind off the antiseptic-and-shit smell of the hospital and constant beeping of countless machines.
Again Tony felt searing lips on his skin this time kissing and biting a trail from neck to chest. He arched up, moaning when Steve's teeth caught his nipple. He was glad they were down on the concrete now, his legs felt like jelly.
"In or out, Tony, I'm n---nhh not wearing a rubber." Steve groaned out through grit teeth.
It was like electricity to Steve, he groaned and resisted trying to push back inside those pretty lips.
"Currently." Came Tony's flat reply.
Tony had a good palate. He liked good pizza and good beer. But he was also adventurous, having Bucky taste weird ice cream flavors and foreign things.
Finally Steve sighed deep from within his soul. "I had so many things planned to say to you." He ran his hand back through his hair and grimaced that it felt dirtier than it looked. "But it's all getting away from me right now."
"Goddamnit, why do you have to be right?" He adjusted himself so he wasn't straining so hard against the unrelenting metal of his zipper. "Thanks though. I guess."
"Nah. . . Every time I try and take him off the ice his temp spikes like crazy. Never seen anything like it." He ran his hand back through already mussed hair. "And if I can't get him off the ice, I can't fix anything else."
Steve gripped Bucky's chin, covering his mouth with one strong hand.
When he paused Howard reached back to grab Steve's ass.
There, there was a pretty moan at last, soft and breathy.
Muscles rippled and thighs quivered. Howard found himself practically hypnotized by this contradiction of manner and physical appearance.
"So you're starting over. Starting new. I did it."
He didn't even want to think about the numbness that ran the length of his side and the odd way he couldn't feel the sheets on his left leg. He couldn't look down at himself.
He was shocked to hear someone clapping from the stands.
Steve rolled onto his back beside Bucky and breathed a contented sigh. "We waited too long to do this." He commented.
It had been a couple of weeks and Tony hadn't mentioned their kiss again and that was all for the best.
He took an entire box of pizza and his work and disappeared into the elevator. "See you tomorrow dear." He said as the doors closed.
They held each other, sharing breath and sweet words.
Rhodes had burst into a fit of laughter and given him a few jibes.
Bucky sat with a practised calm but Steve could see the emotions plain in his eyes. He was nervous, apprehensive. It hurt Steve to see those seafoam eyes so wide and cautious. To see that particular ticker tape stream of emotions flick through them because of
"What's there to talk about?" He sidestepped a few times, trying to get closer to the meds. "Missing limbs? Kisses that never should have happened? Maybe you wanna talk about how you should have never went after me. Maybe, just maybe you wanna talk about Germany?"
Bucky let his chin drop to his chest. "I'm not. You're wrong." He suddenly felt very exposed without the curtain of hair to shield his face.
"So you been out fighting again? Typical, Rogers." Bucky gestured to Steve's appearance, the soot and blood.
"Tell him I'm five seconds from a cat 5 panic attack. Over a goddamn ham sandwich."  His voice hitched.
Bucky cried out in pain as it dragged heavy on his flesh arm.
him out of his pajama bottoms.
"You know why."
"Have to agree with you there, pal." Bucky curled into Steve's side and looked up at him.
"So who's gonna tell me what happened?" Tony crossed his arms.
"I haven't seen you or. . or anyone really since. . ." Steve gestured to all of himself.
"But he's yours." Bucky didn't realize he was crying til he watched a drop fall down onto the new arm.
Steve jumped back a bit, Howard pulled off from his cock and smiled. "Problem?" He queried, moving from Steve's side to between his legs.
Tony studied the scan for a while, tracing all the offshoots of metal and wire. "How long will it take for you to get everything prepped for it?"
In which Steve delves into the past.
"So this arm?" Bucky let his hand run over the cool metal. "What's it made of?"
"Are you wearing a cape?" Bucky couldn't help comment as this Thor person carried him out of the room. Fuck, how long had it been since he'd been out of that room?
"Bucky I'm--"
But. . . Did Tony still feel the same way he had a week ago when he'd had Bucky panting on the kitchen floor? Did he feel the same now that Steve was home and had fucked him through the mattress?
Howard took the initiative and parted his lips, licking between Steve's, begging entrance. He relished in the way he could feel those full, sensual lips shaking as they too parted. Howard wasted no time in chasing Steve's tongue with his own.
"Not the time Goldilocks!" That was definitely Tony. "Bruce, just do it! You've got us this far."
Tony cried out and arched up, his hands shot up and covered Steve's mouth. Images of Steve in some humid jungle shack with his fingers buried in his own ass made him nearly swoon.
"No trying to sneak mimosas at the restaurant. I promised your hot aunt I'd take care of you." He pointed two fingers at his eyes then turned them on Peter. "Watching you."
"Christ, Pete, next time speak up." He took Peter by the shoulders and guided him off the car. " Good thing most of us aren't parents, we'd be shit at it."
Something imperceptible flickered over Tony's face.
"Well I think we've got all that figured out too. This one should give you an even dispersion of sensation, pressure, hot, cold all the little tactile things. Questions?"
"Turn around."
When he added a second finger, Steve leaned in, caught his earlobe with his lips and purred "mmm, are you imagining my dick inside you, Stark?"
Steve's fingers dug into the seam between his metal shoulder and the flesh it connected to.
There was silence for a moment and the elevator started moving again. "Mr. Stark says it's Dr Banner's request at this time."
"Cute." Was all Steve replied as he began lightly rocking his hips, even small motions brought out lovely sounds from Stark. Steve loved seeing him so raw. He was certain that the only other person alive who'd seen the cocky billionaire like this was Pepper. It made Steve smile inwardly.
"Oh. . . Jesus Christ, Bucky." Who was that? Steve. Stevie had found him.
"No I'm, I'm good." Tony now stood awkwardly beside the couch. "Bucky..." He breathed.
"Then why haven't you came til now?" Tony knew he wouldn't be here
It wasn't long before Tony was begging-- in his own way.
"Why don't you go play with Dr Banner for a while. Tell him I said you could mess around with the gene sequencer." Nobody had to tell Peter twice, the promise of practically free reign in the lab was too tempting.
He worked conditioner through the tangles and let it sit in for a while.
He slid his hand over himself, tracing the zipper of his jeans with his middle finger.
He pat the man's right shoulder and exited the room.
However the most tempting thing was the shower. He hopped to turn and look at it. It was a standard shower and tub combo.
Steve's expression darkened.
Steve fell to his knees, shield clattering to the ground. "Bucky, are you with me?" He asked softly, slowly inching his way to Bucky's right side and his line of vision.
Vivisection, that's what surfaced first. That was the only thing that compared to the pain he felt now. Bone saws and scalpels, hands on his insides. Someone reached up, squelching around his lungs, his heart was gripped and squeezed.
He leaned forward, dropping his head into his hands. What did surprise him was Tony's hand coming to rest on his back, rubbing slow, firm circles on Steve's knotted muscles.
Steve's eyes slid over Bucky's body, assessing everything. There was a three foot section of I-beam piercing through his left shoulder, crushing the metal arm. Steve was pretty sure the beam was buried deep into the ground as well. The arm itself was scattered in pieces everywhere.
"It's a cruel twist of fate that we never told each other before we died isn't it, pal?" When Steve opened his eyes it was to that smile he'd never get used to, the one that didn't meet Bucky's eyes, the one that looked more like an expression of sorrow than one of joy.
"What makes you say that, Mr Stark?" Steve found his throat was bone dry when he tried speaking.
"True things. I'm a weapon. I'm dangerous. I'm just a tool to be used, not a human being." The blanket ripped slightly.
"Steve fuck me." He mewed, wrapping his legs around Steve's waist.
Tony continued a slow tease, lightly running the tip of his tongue over all the contours of Steve. He lingered over the flushed head, flicking his tongue against the slit, tasting precum, letting it slick his lips in an obscene way. He glanced up to see the look on Steve's face. His lips were slightly parted and he was panting. His eyes were hooded and his pupils darkening the blue. Delicious. Tony maintained eye contact when he finally opened his mouth, taking Steve to the back of his throat.
Steve knew Tony was keeping things from him. He had an inkling as to what and had a good idea as to how to get the information out of him.
"I'm tired Stevie. How many pieces of me are gonna be missing before you let me go?" He bit his lower lip, looking up at Steve, trying not to see the skinny kid he grew up with as his shoulders shook with silent sobs.
Steve sighed and shook his head. This wasn't going to go well.
"You wanna talk about things? I mean really talk? Not us blaming each other or taking blame to placate our feelings, really talk." He picked his way around all the long strands of hair that littered the floor.
"What?" His tone was more shocked than anything.
Rain was pouring there was gunfire in the distance, but none of that seemed to matter, not even how cold it was.
"Not what it looks like? Do you know how many times I've used that same line, when it was
Steve blushed, he'd never met someone so forward as Howard Stark.
"I'm glad we have gotten to know one another. Glad you got my opinions to change. We may have unresolved issues where Cap is concerned but other than that I enjoy having you." Tony's own fingers slid along Bucky's wrist of their own accord.
____________________________________________
"What, what's he mean, Cap?" He asked shakily. He tried not letting his imagination run wild, tried not imagining--- he shook his head to clear those thoughts away.
, in snug jeans and a shirt that had to be two or three sizes too small, and Tony could see every cut of ab, every curve of pec... He wrenched his eyes back to Steve's face. “I was just gonna have a drink and hit the hay, no need to worry about me, Captain Grandma.” He waved an arm as if that would explain everything.
Tony shrugged as he sat up. “Well, I was thinking, I don't have anything important today, I can take the afternoon off, we can get lunch and I'll take you to my tailor. Better to do that before the bullshit hits in a couple days.”
When the kiss broke, Steve grinned at him. “Hmm, no, I think anything I do is just going to make you dirtier. But if you think you might enjoy it, I am in fact willing to beat you like a carpet.”
Now she was eying him suspiciously. “OK, either you're dying again, or you want a
Steve slithered down to his knees, letting Tony's ass rest on the bed, and pulled back enough to fumble Tony's fly open. Tony hitched up his hips just enough to get pants and boxer briefs down to his thighs, and Steve pulled them the rest of the way off. When Steve went to lean back in, Tony put a hand on his shoulder, and Steve looked up at him through his eyelashes. “Wait, wait. Gotta breathe a little.” They were both panting, really. “Damn, that's hot. Also, couple suggestions, just to get you started. First off, don't be afraid to use your hand, too. You can grip the shaft-” Steve's hand rose automatically to wrap around Tony's jock. “-Ah, oh, yeah, like that, and then you can use your mouth mostly on the head, if you're more comfortable with...” Steve stroked up and down a bit, idly, exploring the feel of Tony's jock, so similar and yet so different to his own, and enjoying the look of sheer lust on Tony's face. “Gah, you are
Tony moved closer, close enough to share body heat. “He's part of you, you know.” Well, at least he understood... “I mean, I get that you still think of yourself as the skinny kid from the projects, witness your shirt collection, but I've seen Erskine's notes. The things that make you Captain America were there already when he found you, the Serum just brought them out.” He wanted to protest all of it, but Tony's voice was hypnotic. “I mean, I'm not complaining that it also brought out muscles for days, and, you know, all that... stamina.” Tony's voice was also husky and tantalizing and deeply erotic. “But you're not just some meathead, and you're not an empty suit and a fancy Frisbee. You're smart, maybe smarter than any of us realize, you're a good leader, good with people. I mean, you're genuinely nice, and that never happens. Seriously, I know there are nice people out there, but they get within a mile of me, their inner asshole comes out, no one is nice around me, but you manage it, and I am truly impressed.” Steve wanted to smile, and cry, and hug him, all at once, but Tony pulled away a bit, looking unsettled. “I, um, almost feel like I should be asking if you're with me just because I remind you of my dad. Or because I'm absurdly wealthy. Or...”
Tony shifted. “Gah, not right now, these things are serious business. You got a good arm on you, Rogers.” Steve knew his smirk was wider now, and he suspected it was pretty dirty too. “Right now we need something cute we don't have to pay too much attention to. JARVIS, give us some Cary Grant.”
“Oh, yes, Captain, God that's good, ohh, fuck my ass so good, fill me up...” He brought both hands up and back, tangling them in Steve's hair, knowing full well that to touch himself right now, really just about anywhere, would tip him over the edge, and that neither of them was ready for that. Steve took the opportunity to run his fingertips up the inside of Tony's arms, pits to wrists and back down, light and slow like he had all day. (In fairness, he really did, kind of.) Tony shuddered, arched his back, started to squirm again.
Tony rolled his shoulders, clearly a little uncomfortable, then tried to cover it with a leer. “Well, you know, I do think about you a whole lot. Guess this is just an extension of that.” They stepped out to the curb, and Tony hailed a taxi. He gave the address, then settled back in the seat and tugged Steve close. “I hope you didn't look Rothko up last night, I mean, I'm not saying it'll ruin the experience, exactly, but...”
Tony's face broke out in the biggest grin Steve had ever seen on him, and his heart started beating again, twice as fast. “Welcome to the club!” Oh, god, did that mean-? Was he really-? Could he maybe-?
Tony made that same high, sweet sound he'd made the first night, the one that meant Steve had hit just the right spot, and so Steve kept that angle, sliding so easily in and out of him, thrusting a little slower, just to draw it out, drinking in those cries, but in only a few strokes, the sound spiraled up into a shriek as every muscle in Tony's body clenched with his orgasm. True to his word, Steve kept going (as much as he could) through it, and rode Tony down as he collapsed limply onto the mattress. Steve groaned, placed his hands on the mattress on either side of Tony's ribs, and kept pounding into him. He was starting to lose track of the world around him, nothing in his consciousness but the lust inside him and the body below him, the sweet pull and thrust of his jock...
Steve couldn’t help the grin that broke out at that idea. “That sounds like an amazing project, Tony, I can’t wait to work on that with you.” They exchanged sappy smiles, and the conversation flowed on through dinner and dessert so easily it might have been oiled.
Rhodey waved it off and scrubbed at his face. “Yeah, I'm in Kuwait. It's fine, I'm awake enough to talk. What's up?” He scooted into a sitting position.
He was grateful all over again. At least his soon-to-be mother-in-law was thoughtful and gracious. “Solitude would suit me well just now, as it happens. I presume I will see you at tonight’s Betrothal Feast?” Duchess Maria made her farewells, and Steve took himself off to the bathing chamber, which had a tub which was freestanding but tiled, clearly not meant to be moved. There was a pipe, coming out of a nearby wall and leading to a spigot at one end of the tub. But cleverest of all, halfway along the pipe there was a fixture that seemed to be a brazier and an oversized kettle, evidently designed to heat the water then and there, so it didn’t have to be hauled up from a fireplace in buckets. He prowled about a bit, and saw that the opposite side of the tub had a spigot set low, just over a drainage hole. This was truly a place of marvels, and he began to have a bit of hope about this situation.
He cut that line of thought abruptly. He wasn't that person anymore, and Steve would be pissed if he knew Tony was getting down on himself, and he had much happier thoughts to occupy his mind anyway. He hopped out of bed, pulled on sweatpants, and went to find coffee and a shower. He had a date to get ready for!
He stutter-stepped, caught himself, and staggered back to a normal gait, all on automatic, as he tried to wrap his mind around the incredible concept that, yes, there would be media speculation that they were dating, just as there would if any two of the team were out alone together, but it would only be titillating, gossip for housewives to giggle over, and not anything to end a career, or worse, a life, over. They
until his hips started to move on their own.
JARVIS hesitated, just long enough for Pepper to notice. “I believe his health to be excellent, Ms Potts. As to the other, well, I'm not sure I should say. I'm given to believe that it's rude.”
Steve pulled him close. “Whatever you need, baby.” He kissed Tony's forehead and smiled at him. “I'm guessing... workshop?”
too early to even think about saying it, though he realized he already felt it. And they hadn't even gotten their pants off yet! He tried to put it into the kiss instead. “I don't ever want you to hide it from me.”
Clint chortled. “Yeah, the best of his feel-good stuff. Way to go for the deep cuts, Banner.” He sprawled across the big couch, barely twitching when Nat sat on his thighs. “Huh, I guess we should give these guys the whole Peter Pan story first, right?”
anytime you wanted it!) and popped it in his mouth. “Nah, it's actually pretty amazing. We could even make it a Sunday thing for us, if you want.” He glanced up and over at the camera in the corner. “Thanks for ordering for us, JARVIS.”
Tony let out a long, low noise somewhere between a moan and a whine, and nodded shakily. “Yes, Captain. Thank you, Captain, please yes, please-”
Clint was blatantly leaning away from Thor by now. “OK, that's way more than I needed to know about your love life, wow. So, Bruce, this curry's really good, did you add more cumin than usual?”
He grinned just as warmly back. “You know I will. Have a good day, Pepper.”
They were laughing at the mishap as they entered the next gallery, with an exhibit called “
Tony had been with more than a few guys in his time, and this was familiar, easy. (Not familiar. Glorious and new, Captain America's fantastic cock already dripping with pre-cum, tangy and salty.) (Not easy, either, it was both longer and bigger around than most he'd seen, and his lips and jaw were stretching for all they were worth.) Generally things ended with outercourse, bjs and handies and frottage, and that was good enough for a hook-up. The few times there had been penetration, Tony had very definitely been the top. He could bullshit about internalized homophobia, or bluster about the tabloids getting a hold of that sort of information, but if he was honest it probably had to do with control. (He was well aware that he was a control freak, thank you.) Never before had he had the feeling he had now, the need he was harboring to be completely filled by this magnificent cock.
Ah, life in a geek household... “Hey, honey, do you think Steve Rogers says 'jock' or 'shlong'?”
Nat shrugged. “Might as well, it's not like the fanboys can objectify me more, right?”
The first thing Tony was aware of in the morning was his cheek pressed to Steve's chest, and Steve's heartbeat in his ear. Then he shifted his hips, and his body screamed its soreness at him. He sucked in a breath, and Steve chuckled. “Good morning, sleeping beauty.”
Tony nodded enthusiastically. “That's a good plan. I like that plan a lot. Nice relaxed mornings, fighting in the afternoons, parties in the evenings. I think I could live like that.” Steve shifted so he was crouching on the bed, then scooped Tony up in a bridal carry, stood up, and walked across the bed. “Ooh, and being carried everywhere by a hot guy, definitely the best way to live.” Steve hopped off the bed, set Tony on his feet in front of the dresser, and leaned in to kiss him. Tony melted into it. “Mmm, better than coffee...” He straightened up abruptly. “Dammit, Rogers, you're corrupting me! I'm an engineer, we need our coffee, I'll have you know!” He stuck his tongue out at Steve, then turned to dig sweatpants and a t-shirt out of the drawers.
Tony groaned with desire. “Oh,
“Tony?” He jumped and spun, the scotch sloshing onto his fingers, and saw Steve at the other end of the room. “Sorry, did I startle you?”
made the offer... “Um... I could, maybe... bring all my stuff upstairs? And we can have celebratory egg rolls?”
The viewscreen popped up, Steve in workout gear (no, wait, that was Tony's shirt, he hadn't even gotten changed...) in the gym, and oh, so sweaty. (Getting Tony's clothes sweaty, and, oh wow, was that a new kink?) Tony just stared for a moment, all
Tony hummed thoughtfully. “You know, you do have a StarkPad. And I know they come preloaded with at least one drawing and painting program, and there’s plenty more of those you can search out. Just in case you don’t want to dive right into the real physical thing.” He sipped his wine and smiled.
Steve was enjoying himself more than he'd expected. Tony moaning and writhing, making those desperate, scorchingly hot noises, was far better than he'd imagined, all of his senses
muscles! “Oh! Oh, my God, really? Damn, gotta love that Serum! Mmmm...” He started to move again, and Steve was lost in a sea of pleasure. His world narrowed to the lava-hot tightness around his jock, the flex and shift of the hips in his hands. His body responded without his direction, his own hips rising to crash against Tony's, and still they weren't close enough. He wanted to pour himself, body and soul, into Tony, wanted them to merge completely. He was pretty sure he was saying some of this stuff out loud, but that didn't matter in the slightest.
. You will show me some damn respect, and call me Captain.”
He nodded. “Amazing. I can see why they're your favorite. So good.” He couldn't help himself, he needed another bite. This time he kept his eyes locked with Tony's as he bit in, and the tiniest of moans escaped his throat. By the way Tony licked his lips, he'd heard and approved. Steve was even more sure of it in the next moment, when Tony wrenched his gaze away and busied himself opening the potato salad, and the sodas, and then his own sandwich. Steve just made sure to moan a little louder at the next bite.
Steve smiled reassuringly and knee-walked around to position himself between Tony's calves. Tony's breath left him in a half a laugh, and he let his head hang down. Steve stroked soothing hands up and down his sides. “Good pet, there you go.” Without warning, he took firm hold of both buttocks, wringing a gasp out of Tony, and spread them a bit. He slid his right thumb into Tony's sphincter, garnering a groan, and he growled in response. “Oh, baby, you are so ready for me. That's good, I'm ready for you, too.” He pulled his thumb out and used that hand to grasp his jock and guide it in, trusting to his own pre-cum to be enough lube. Tony was making broken, needy little noises, and twitching his muscles randomly, as if he wanted to react more but didn't dare. Steve just kept pushing in until his hips and thighs were pressing against the bright heat of Tony's bruises. Then he leaned over Tony's back. “Alright, pet. Now I'm going to fuck you until I'm done with you. You can cum if you want, but I'm not going to stop for you.”
*A*A*
, like a
?” And then he couldn't even ask properly! Good job, Rogers!
dangerous for him. Besides, now there was a certain blond... No. Bad idea all around, Stark, don't even go there.)
“Wha'? Tony? Why are you calling me at 3:15 in the damn morning?” The video feed showed a very rumpled Rhodey, and behind him the olive drab walls of a military tent. “Um, you do know that it's Tuesday morning, right? You haven't been on an engineering binge for three days straight again, have you?” He peered through the screen at Tony.
Tony sagged back. “Oh, thank god you saw it too. Like, taking aim directly at you and me, right? With the 'merging of innovation and artistic blah blah blah' and the 'Post-War changes to Our Fair City', and
eggs for every meal if they wanted). They should probably have some carbohydrates too, so he glanced over at Tony, hovering by the coffee machine. “You want pancakes too?” Tony nodded so enthusiastically that Steve couldn't help grinning at him. “Grab me the mix, then?” Oh, and the luxury of pre-mixed pancake batter! Wonders and marvels...
you suddenly have a dirty mouth... Oh, Steve, baby, you are the most delicious, the most delectable...” He kissed raggedly at Steve's knee, and gave another long stroke; Steve hitched his hips up again, trying to draw Tony in deeper, or get him to move faster, or
~A~A~
Steve laughed as he climbed out of bed and pulled on the clothes. “Yeah, I'm good with avoiding that. Especially with the crazy photos the
the arc reactor? “Hey now.” He started to pull Tony's hand away, but stopped himself before he could apply any force. “Nothing to be ashamed of here.” He needed Tony to see the truth in his eyes, needed to touch him as much as he could. “First of all, I knew it was there, you've had it as long as I've known you. Second, I think it's beautiful. Not just for itself, not just because it's keeping you alive, but because it came from your mind, and I think you might have the most beautiful mind I've ever known. I-” Oh, God, he'd almost said it! It was
He sounded surprisingly put-upon for a being with no patience to test. “The cards are ordered, Sir. They should be here in a day or two. Also, you have a video message from Agent Romanov. Shall I play it?”
Bruce shrugged in his usual unperturbed way. “I'm a one, maybe one and a half on the Kinsey scale, I didn't feel there was anything to share. I'd be happy to wear an ally shirt if you'd like, though. Incidentally, Thor, on Midgard, most people assume that a man only likes women, and a woman only likes men, and that people want to pair up and have children. That's called heteronormativity.” He flashed a grin at Steve. “And now you've learned another new term.”
~A~A~
Tony grinned back, prying the lids off things as they were handed to him. “
Tony shrugged, aiming for casual. “Well, you never know how much time you've got left, don't want my biographers to get that detail wrong.” He smiled a little, relieved that Rhodey wasn't kicking up a fuss at the reveal of a secret Tony had
As everyone settled into grins and chowing down, he cleared his throat. “Though I have been thinking about something. It's the end of September, right? So... National Coming Out Day is in just a couple of weeks. I'm thinking, press conference, big announcement, et cetera, et cetera. I can do it alone if you guys don't want to-”
Tony obligingly passed it over. When the coffee started dripping, he bypassed the pot entirely, filling his mug directly from the drip; he took a long gulp, then raised his eyebrows at the amount of food Steve had pulled out. “I get that I might have made you a bit hungry, but do the two of us really need this much food?”
Tony, halfway bent to Steve’s wrist, paused and looked up at him through his lashes. “Well, I might care what you think of me. I’d like to be pleasing in the eyes of my husband.” He nuzzled Steve’s wrist, humming in pleasure at the first whiff. But then he frowned, making a thoughtful noise, and pressed half his face to that vulnerable skin, breathing deep. He pulled away, manner growing colder. “Although, first you might have to explain how you came to be pregnant.”
Oh, god, now he had to define it? Why hadn't he planned for this part? “It's someone who, you know... goes with, um, sleeps with, both men and women.” Good enough, right? Oh, wow, and now Thor was saying... Wow. OK. So, nobody was taking things particularly badly. Bruce was calm, as usual, and Clint was a bit spastic, nothing new there, and nobody was freaking out. More than that, more than just supporting him from the sidelines, they'd come out to each other. They were all being more honest with each other. And Tony was staring at him. Oh, god, Tony was staring...
Tony could have stayed there for hours, getting all sorts of new ideas, but he wanted to show Steve things that were of interest to
Tony couldn't help the smirk that broke out, could barely restrain a full-bore grin. “Well, look, don't say anything, but you know how back in college I had one fantasy I talked about more than anything?” Rhodey nodded, warily at first and then with dawning comprehension (and maybe a little good-natured horror). Tony grinned wider. “Let's just say, reality is even better.”
pet. You're mine, don't you ever forget it.” He bit, hard, into the meat of Tony's shoulder, and let the clenching of Tony's muscles blast him over the edge.
Tony paused, a strip of bacon halfway to his mouth. “That... is oddly romantic. Ummm... Thanks.” He hurriedly shoved the bacon in his mouth and tore off a section of waffle to add in as well.
JARVIS cued up
JARVIS chuckled. “There is no evidence to suggest that he plans either thing, Ms Potts. Shall I inform you if that changes?”
This time Steve broke the kiss, and enjoyed the way Tony's lips chased after his just a little. “Alright, pet, if you want to do this, get up on your hands and knees, head toward the headboard, and close your eyes.” Tony scrambled to obey, and Steve took a moment to enjoy the view, his pet eager and waiting, not-quite-tense but maybe trembling a little, breathing already a little ragged; he ran his hand over the fading bruises from yesterday, and thought about how he was going to do this. “OK, right. I'm just going to do a few test smacks with each one, and then, if you don't like it, you tell me 'no, thank you,' if you do like it, you say 'yes please,' and if you're not sure, you can say 'more,' 'harder,' or 'softer.' Got it?”
*A*A*
to all of that?”
Tony groaned and tried to squirm closer to Steve, even though he was already sprawled across his chest. “Noooo... No' gonna go ou'side... Don' wanna get outta bed...” Steve chuckled and wrapped his arms around Tony. “Neeeed cooooofffeeee....” Tony froze for a moment, then pulled back to look at Steve with wide, startled eyes. “I... didn't want coffee... all weekend.” He sat up sharply, suddenly wide awake. “I haven't even
Steve chuckled, the sound rumbling through his chest to Tony's. “Well, I guess that answers that. Wow.”
The hand on his hair abruptly gripped hard and pulled him back sharply. “One other thing,
Tony gave a shrug that looked like it was supposed to be casually dismissive and failing. “
Oy. So this chapter has been sitting, 95% done, in my WiP folder pretty much since the previous chapter was posted, but I hit a wall. This week, thanks to the stuckony Discord server and my lovely co-sprinters, I finally finished it, and now I bring it to you, my loyal readers (thanks for sticking with me, commenting, kudos'ing, etc, y'all make this thing worth it). The next couple of chapters are partly written, and I have Plans for sequels, so this story is nowhere near finished, never fear!
Wilson narrowed his eyes as he looked between the three of them. “OK, what am I missing? What-”
Tony was moving before he even stopped nodding, getting plates and forks onto the table just as Thor bounded into the room. Moments later, Clint wandered in and headed directly for the pan of bacon; Steve didn't even glance over as he smacked his knuckles, and Clint withdrew to the coffeepot, pouting. Somehow, Nat was already there, pouring cups for her and Bruce. Clint pouted harder, but wisely waited his turn.
Tony gaped at him for a moment, then nodded as much as his stiffening neck would allow. “Yes! Hell yeah!” Steve leaned forward, starting with a chaste, soft, closed-lipped kiss, that slowly but steadily built some serious heat. By the time he pulled back, Tony’s head was swimming. “Holy crap, Cap, that kiss was totally toe-curling. Wait, Holy Shit, I can curl my toes! The curse is broken!” He jumped to his feet, arms over his head in a victory pose, and was immediately swarmed by all of his favorite people, all of them cheering and laughing. There were various cries of ‘what?’ and ‘how?’, and Tony grinned as he met Steve’s eye. “It was easy! All I needed was for Prince Charming over there to give me True Love’s Kiss.”
Tony grinned wide, blatantly ignoring the questions. “I'm thinking of calling it the Mark 69. And it would definitely
with one waffle each (thick, fluffy things, redolent with spices, that seemed amazingly decadent), one with French toast, one of eggs...
happiness. He was sure everyone who looked at him would be able to see it, and (this was the best part)
Thor frowned and leaned in. “Friend Steve, I am happy to support you, but I do not know this term either. Please explain?”
“I'm pretty damn sure I'm a Dom,”
Tony licked his lips, looking like he wanted to start that
~A~A~
“And I think you might be a bit of a sub.”
Tony nodded. “That'd be great, thanks.” A moment later, one of his viewscreens lit up with Pepper's face and office. “Pepper! Light of my life, joy of my days-”
A cane, though, Steve knew exactly what to do with; he had, after all, gone to Catholic school during the Depression. He shifted around to get the proper range, and laid in to Tony. Six stripes up, from the back of the knees to the curve of the ass, then six back down again, in perfect metronomic rhythm, all juuuust a little harder than he thought Tony could comfortably take. On strike eight, Tony started moaning aloud, and on stroke ten he yelled. “Yes, please, more, God, yes, more, please, Captain, yes...”
” that looked promising, but when they peered in, the whole thing was dizzyingly busy, and they shook their heads at each other and moved down a floor to the Contemporary Galleries, where Tony started out explaining the references Warhol was making, and ended up ranting for half an hour about the pretentiousness of pop-art “remixes”. Steve had to haul him out when his voice started to rise and attract attention.
, right through the hologram and into Tony's personal space. “I think you're going to have to tell me
. “Ohhh... yesss...” Oh, and now he was flexing
. “Yeah, that'll be good. Um... You can take a lot, though. I might have to use the suit.”
that would be so much work!” Tony just laughed at him and cuddled up to his side.
*A*A*
Steve pictured it, and couldn't help laughing. “Yeah, I'm good with avoiding that. Especially with the crazy photos the
Which, of course, is when Clint and Nat got home, whooping and cheering loud enough to shake the Tower.
Steve was wearing his nicest pair of slacks, and a button-down shirt in cobalt, a shade he knew brought out his eyes, but he fully expected to be completely outshone by Tony's clothes. As he waited for Tony to finish getting ready and come down, he alternated between pacing the communal living room and flipping through the sketchbook he had run out last night to buy, staring at all those blank pages just waiting to document and commemorate this day.
would know it was a date, and so would the people waiting up at home to razz them about it later, and nobody would get pulled up in front of the House UnAmerican Activities Committee, and holy crap, he was going on a date with
Steve snagged a sketchbook and pencil pouch from his knapsack and came over to kiss Tony on the top of the head. “If you mean you're a problem, I just don't see it.” He pulled back a little, grinned, and grabbed Tony's jock through his clothes. “Though you are pretty much a perfect handful, I'd say.”
Once again, the first thing he was aware of was Tony's weight (and the arc reactor) on his chest. He brought up one shaky hand, to tangle in Tony's hair, and Tony made a contented noise. “Sooooo many plans for you, Cap, God.” He made as if to push himself up, then flopped bonelessly back down onto Steve's chest. “Well, if I survive you. I think you might be trying to kill me with your sexiness.” He nuzzled his cheek against Steve's pectoral. “Mmm, but, oh, what a way to go...”
"That's alright. Did you think about why you asked me that question last time? If I thought John was a good dad?" Jody leaned back in her seat, getting more comfortable now that the teen's aggression seemed to be completely gone.
“Ah,” Steve responded and leaned back against the sofa, the two of them waiting in silence for the other to speak. After a minute or two, the man stood up, moved the coffee table away from the sofa and knelt in front of his son.
"Hello?" the gruff man repeated into the phone.
"Steve. Send them in."
"Then we have sweaty, athletic sex?"
One in particular confused Steve and Tony by hugging them and whispering "Give him time, the boy's as emotionally constipated as my hamster," before letting go and calling out: "Go with your first choice, no fifteen year old wants a watch."
“I care because you’re family, you idiot,” he responded, none too kindly. “Whether you like it or not, you’re stuck with us, and I’m not letting you get hurt when I could put a stop to it in less than a minute. Now, let’s go burn that fucking necklace and make you fucking safe.”
Of course, he thought the same thing when he hugged Loki at the airport for the first time, too. And when Dean accepted their invitation for adoption.
“What’s going on with my brother? Is he okay?” Panicking now, Sam thought through every scenario that could be happening; most of them included Dean being critically hurt. “Please, I need to see Dean!”
"Thor, please, I-" Loki took a step back and held his hand up to stop his brother from coming closer. "Þetta verður nógu erfitt eins og það er." {
Steve went to reach for the child, but Dean was faster. He launched himself to his feet and knelt in front of Clint, trying to catch his eye.
The entire room whipped their heads around to look at the boy.
Unedited (because who's got the time)
“Hating you?” Clint chimed in. “We don’t hate you!”
"Fell. Air tripped me and I hit a desk." Was his response before chugging his milk.
"A whole program? Tones, are you sure? It's gonna be a lot of work. Okay, that's not too bad then. You're incredible, you know that right? What did I say on our first date, huh? 'If any one man could change the world, it would you.'"
"Like a ghost?" Dean shot back, smiling.
"Pfft, first off, I said he wouldn't be our bitch. Secondly, all we did was touch his little dick, not our fault he started sobbing like a baby, it's not even the first time we've done it. Third, you are in no position to argue to begin with, whore," the man sneered, coming closer to grab a fist full of Natasha's hair. "We own you, remember?"
"I only do it because you're so easy to defend." Steve kissed Tony's cheek playfully.
"Tony!" Steve grabbed his husband's shoulders, interrupting the man's rant. "Trust me, I know. But he was the
“Awesome, as much as we really want you to be a part of our family forever, that’s not the only reason we’re pushing it up,” Tony continued. “Steve?”
"Last we heard, Sweetheart," Steve responded.
The soldier took a bracing breath and tightened his grip on Sam. “You all remember me talking about my best friend growing up?”
!" Bobby didn't sound tired anymore; he sounded desperate. "If I could go back and make sure you never found out about any of this, I would do it, no question!"
"You mean that's what you do for your younger brothers."
“I do pray. Every day. I have for a long time.” Sam answered, looking at his brother straight in the eye.
"You little bitch!" he screamed before kicking her in the stomach, making her gasp in pain and let go of the hand. Holding the injured hand to his chest, the man watched the blood flow down his arm.
"Yes, darling?"
Sam jumped at the chance to change the subject. “So what’s going to happen on Christmas Eve anyway?” he asked. “I mean I know we’re gonna go to church, but like, is there a schedule or anything?”
"We're going to hold off on punishing you though." Tony surprised Dean. "Until we know what happened, we're not going to punish you. Your homework will be to think about why you think making people uncomfortable is funny, and why you think you couldn't stop when it stopped being funny. In a couple weeks we'll regroup and talk it all over. Sound good?" Tony was asking both Dean and Steve, making sure everyone was on the same page.
Another note, someone without an account commented a while ago that they made this story in their sims, if this is you (or you've done the same thing) please reach out to me! I'd absolutely LOVE to see it!! This goes double for any works of art or fanfictions anyone's done based on this world!!
"Maybe." Jody smiled.
“Don’t, Sam. Just don’t.” Dean interrupted.
“Never had a reason to,” Bobby shot back. “They still treating you right?” he pointed to Steve and Tony.
Tony sighed in the empty room.
"What? Why not? You can do anything! I'll do anything for you! Don't you want that?" Dean was starting to panic, interrupting Steve. They need to take this deal. He couldn't leave Sammy un-defended.
Deans head popped out through the crack in the door. "Can I talk to you real quick? Please?"
The question made the atmosphere in the room go tense. Steve gripped the armrests of the chair so tightly his knuckles were turning white before he took a deep breath and forced himself to relax.
"Again, try me."
"Nat. We are
Mr Wilson sank himself in one of the armchairs and gestured for Sam and Dean to take a seat as well.
He didn’t know what he expected, but a quiet house, a clean kitchen and a plate full of spaghetti with a note saying “Tony” was not it.
"...but Papa!" Clint whined.
"Do you have anymore questions for us?" Steve asked.
“Dean?!” The door was thrown open and there stood Steve, or, what he thought was Steve. The usually collected ex-military Captain was ruffled and frazzled, his hair sticking out every which way and his clothes frumpled and wrinkled. The most jarring difference was the man’s face, it was obvious he had been crying, still was, in fact. His eyes were rimmed red and tear tracks ran down his cheeks.
"Tony," Steve whispered.
"Well, I mean, it was Loki's fault-"
“Dad already assured you that his hospital stay has nothing to do with you, Natasha,” Bruce commented. His reminder, based more in fact than in emotion, was actually the most reassuring thing he could’ve said.
The soldier nodded and studied the man for a moment. "Quarterback or defense?"
For those that have stuck around: ENJOY!!
"We would never, ever raise a hand to you Dean. We told you once and we will keep telling you until you trust us enough to believe it." Steve was aching to pull Dean into a hug and just protect him from the world.
After another nerve-wracking flight home, the family once again stepped foot in their mansion, the feeling that everything had changed, while everything stayed the same, plagued Dean. Looking around at the walls he'd called home for the past five months, Dean wondered how he'd gotten here. How, in as little as two years, he'd gone from being a perfect little soldier to a punching bag to a normal teenager in a ridiculously huge house and concerned parental figures.
“Sam would tell me.”
Both boy’s faces fell, and the self-doubt was emanating from the pair in waves.
"Stop, Steve, oh god, you need to stop," the engineer begged.
Sam looked at his brother for a moment and winked. "You're not the only one that can fool a doctor, Dean. Dr. Mills was just the first one to see through me."
“I know.” Steve interrupted. “Call Dr. Cho and start the car.” The burly man carefully picked the teen up from his bed and cradled him close to his chest.
"Oh I definitely did that. Rome. Thirty first birthday. An entire week where I refused to tell him where I hid his clothes. He made us dinner one night with his dick in my throat. I had dessert before dinner that night. Your turn." Tony knew he was wearing him down. Even a teen as crude as Dean had limits. Hopefully telling intimate stories of their sex life would be enough for him to get flustered.
The group stood there, stunned.
"Use my words or get a grown-up to help," the boy muttered.
"How ya doin', sweetheart," Steve asked. "You with us?"
“So, Dean. Do you want to go chronologically or in order of severity?” Tony asked, resting his head on his hands innocently. The question caused Dean to sputter, almost choking on his food.
"Don't play coy with me," Loki narrowed his eyes. "I saw Clint knock the vase over, but you took the blame. Why?"
Steve gave the other man a blinding smile and squeezed his hand back just as tightly. "Thank you, Buck. That means a lot."
“Ah, my apologies,” the man replied, winking at Sam behind Clint’s back.
Sam, Thor and Natasha were all crowding around Clint, trying to see the man, until Tony grabbed the phone out of Clint's hand. "Hey!" the thirteen-year-old protested.
"Hey! I'll have you know he was very happy to be bribed!" Tony teased his husband. Before pushing him away and gathering the empty plates.
“Thanks, guys!” Steve beamed at his youngest as he took one of the glasses from him. “You’re just in time. Dean just woke up!”
Tony frowned and placed his mug on the table. Dean followed the man’s hand with his eyes, preparing for Tony to finally snap. Tony noticed.
Sam, on the other hand, was curled up on Steve’s lap, silent. The man had a strong arm curled around the boy and stroked his hair with the other, the pinnacle of calm amidst the storm of chaos around them.
"I'm sparing with him a few times a week from now on, and Tony! He looked so happy afterwards! He actually told me he felt like himself!"
“I don’t put that shit in my body,” he grumbled.
"It's been longer than he said it would be, I'll give you that. But he always comes back." The boy admitted quietly. "I swear it's for work, he usually leaves us with enough money and he's not gone for longer than a week at a time." Dean had his eyes closed. Fighting off the knee jerk reaction to run. This is wrong. Never trust the law, they're ignorant. But something about the man and the situation just made sense to reveal the half-truth.
“Proud?” Dean scoffed. “Lady, that’s my crowning achievement! Until I lay a playboy that is.”
"But, Steve, what if- I mean, the kids are-"
Steve took another step closer to Dean as he asked "Dean? You can say no if you don't want to, but may I give you a hug?"
“You’ve been at war ever since you were four years old.” That shut Dean up. He looked at his therapist with wide eyes.
Tony sighed. "It hurts me to know you're not happy," he admitted. "I want to do everything I can to just take away your pain, but I can't."
Tony shook his head. “Same old same old. Although no news is good news for Thor and Nat. And at least Loki isn’t getting any worse. Last I heard he was walking again, so we’re one step closer to bringing him home.”
“You’re done tonight, Steve,” Tony finally spoke. Steve frowned and opened his mouth to argue, but the engineer spoke first. “I really need you home tonight. Please, Steve.”
to get him out, something he swore never to do again.
"Dr Mills said I was too young to be having sex. Asked me how I felt if Clint started, which, ew. And-I-she got in my head and I wanted to prove her wrong, I guess" Dean admitted.
Her hands were loose at her sides, her stomach wasn't twisted into knots and her thoughts were far from the horrors in her past.
"We don't start with punishment, kiddo," Tony sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "We start with what you did to land you in a talk."
"You guys moved around a lot, huh?" Tony asked softly.
"Be careful, Tony, they're really strong," Dean warned. He didn't want Tony to accidentally get addicted again. That wouldn't be fun.
"For fuck's sake, take the damn pills, kid," Rufus scolded as he started the truck. Dean popped open the cap and downed three pills dry, too distracted by the prospect of finally getting some information on his dad to fully consider how many he was taking. Besides, the hunt was over and he was in pain, dammit! It wasn't until he was in the cab headed back to school that he realized three might've been too many.
"As they should be."
"But why not? Jane is a wonderful lover and–"
Cleaning herself with the rusted sink water, Natasha fought not to wince, steeling herself against the pain.
The two had just past a grocer when they saw the lights of a police cruiser.
"Hey, it's okay. Like we said yesterday, we have all the time in the world," Steve assured the teen, giving him a warm smile. "However, there is another thing I'd like to talk to you about." The soldier leaned casually against the counter while giving Dean a teasing look. "Your birthday is coming up."
The two stood in silence as Tony continued to softly pet his son. "Steve and I are the fathers you deserve, Loki. We'll spend the rest of our lives trying to prove it to you."
“I did the math, Tony. Even if he did take more pills after he got home, the fever should’ve gone down at least a little by now,” Steve explained.
It was once again Dean and his thoughts. The teen tried to calm himself, but his breathing was still hard and his hands clenched the thin bedsheet.
“Do you really think some biker gang can come near Tony Stark and his family?” The engineer scoffed. “They’d be lucky to get to the front door.”
"Steve and Tony don't hurt you like the others, right?"
"You want me to stay?" he asked. Nat nodded.
“You don’t need to worry, Sam. Why don’t you read a book while we wait?” she suggested.
"Shut him up!" the man screamed. Natasha picked up her brother somewhat awkwardly, shushing him and rubbing his back, trying to keep the tears from leaving her own eyes.
Sam pulled the pillow over his head and groaned in frustration.
At that, the boy simply slumped back down into his covers, choosing, it seemed, to ignore the man and his words. Steve studied his son a moment longer, then continued to eat his steak in silence as the teen once again drifted off to sleep.
' but complied, setting himself gently in the middle of their marriage bed. Tony quickly stripped out of his clothing and crawled up beside his husband, beginning to trace his fingers lightly over Steve's stomach and chest.
Happy Monday! Posting this chapter early because....why not? LOL
"Do you promise no surprises?" Dean asked.
The teen just shrugged and went back to eating.
"To answer your question Sam, no. I don't drink. A lot of veterans drink to forget, I knew a lot of them. But I never want to forget Bucky." Steve finally responded.
"Oh yeah?" Steve smiled, then quickly threw his husband on their mattress and watched him scramble to get purchase.
Becky moaned into his mouth and started moving her ass against Dean’s hand. The teen started to kiss and lick down the girls throat, biting lightly underneath her ear and at her collarbone, causing her to mewl in pleasure.
"Oh!" Steve exclaimed, letting go of Sam. "I forgot to pack the lunches last night!"
"Well obviously not take him up on it!"
for Sam than he should've been.
She scoffed again and rolled her eyes.
“On Sam’s life.” Dean’s eyes bore into the man’s, knowing that he understood the weight of his words.
“Yeah. And what of it? I hardly even remember her, how the hell could that relate to anything-“
“But how could he?” Dean asked. “He knows how dangerous it is for you to know!”
"Why are you so adamant that I tell you—"
. He probably had an infection.
“That’s not what church is, Dean!” Sam chided his brother.
"Dean." Steve warned.
Dean jumped as his phone buzzed again.
Dean shook his head. "No. The more I make them uncomfortable, the less they focus on me." He admitted. "Plus, it's pretty funny too."
"Deal," Dean stuck out his hand to shake Steve's. The blond took the hand and shook it firmly.
Sam's attention was held firmly as he stared intently at his foster parent.
Steve couldn't contain himself any longer and wrapped an arm around Dean and pulled him to his side.
Dean hunched himself over the stove as he flipped another pancake. He was happy for Sam, he really was. If there was anyone in the whole world that deserved a loving family it was his little brother, but he couldn't help feeling like one of them was making a mistake. His thoughts were sidelined when Clint decided to tackle the teen in a hug, making Dean lift the hot pan out of the way quickly to avoid burning the boy.
"Everyone knows John Winchester, and his sons Sam and Dean, and you're too old to be Sam. I also happen to know that no one's seen John in a while." The man stuck his hand out in greeting. "The name's Rufus. Bobby and I go way back."
A shake, no.
"Clint," she sighed as she watched her five-year-old brother be pushed into the room.
"My–my what?" Dean floundered.
The room remained quiet while Dean turned off the light and got underneath his covers, facing away from the other boy that continued to watch him in silence.
“It’s not about that, it’s–” Tony paused, the man of many words struggling to come up with the right ones.
“What?” Dean asked, confused. Why the hell would dad keep that?
Tony mustered a smile. “I don't want you to feel like you have to hide...”
Tony raised his mug and nodded regally. “Thank you. So glad someone is happy for us. Just for that you get to pick next week's movies.”
talk about it tonight, but tomorr-oh.” He yawned again, and Tony echoed him. “Tomorrow we'll...” If he kept talking, Tony didn't know about it.
Steve squirmed, but he looked pleased, too. “I, ah. Wow, that's a pretty effective threat.” He smiled at her, and that smile was enough to tell her he cared just as much about Tony as she did. Maybe more. “Don't worry, though. If I have my way, his heart will never get broken again.” His smile turned wry. “Though if he keeps on like this, we're gonna have our photo in the papers before we can make any announcements. Not that I mind, he's just so excited for the big reveal...” He sighed, and shook his head, but Pepper could tell he was joking around, and it made her feel warm that Serious Steve would joke with her.
JARVIS made the tiny 'ping' that was his equivalent of clearing one's throat. “If I may, Captain? Dr Banner has in fact made it to Manhattan. If current traffic patterns hold, he should be here in ten to fifteen minutes.”
Tony had originally made the offer while high on surviving not only a battle with aliens and gods, but personally escorting a nuclear warhead through an interdimensional portal. When his head had cleared the next day, he'd had some serious second thoughts about opening his home to a ragtag group of superpowered (and possibly insane) individuals, but now that they'd mostly settled in, he was strongly considering making all his decisions in a seriously altered state. It was like the best possible version of all that college crap he'd missed out on by being too young and precocious.
As they got into the bedroom, Steve broke the kiss just long enough to pull Tony's shirt over his head. When he found the bed with his shins, Steve shifted from kissing Tony's mouth to kissing his jaw, his neck, his collarbone... Almost drunk on the sense of power he was feeling, Steve
Tony's eyes lit up with mischief. “So if I get you to move in here, does that mean you'll make me breakfast every day?” Steve's heart flared with hope, but Tony froze, looking horrified at himself. “Um. I, ah, don't have to have said that. If, ah. I mean, I know we're probably already moving awfully fast for you, we haven't even had a real date, we can take this at your pace-”
Steve's eyes had been locked on Tony's fingers, and now he shook himself, and clearly tried and failed to give Tony a stern look. “Celebrating now includes eating with our hands and talking with our mouths full?” Tony nodded like a dork, and Steve broke out in a beaming grin. (No. 247 again, and Tony wanted to see that one on Steve's face
Steve regarded the boy, analyzing him. Steve had noticed that Dean was always shaking his leg or fiddling with something in his fingers. The only exception was, as Tony put it: when he was 'being a dick'. The soldier watched as Dean sat on a bench and drank the water, both hands and legs completely still.
“This really is important, Dean. Would you be willing to consider getting tested with us in the room with you? Keeping you safe?”
Tony watched the teen submerged in memories for a moment. “He did a great job. Did he look after you and Sam a lot?” The man risked prying into the brother’s past.
"I'm Clint," he whispered, trying to keep up with his sister.
“Steve?” Sam whispered with his face pressed to the man’s chest. “Do you think Dean is gonna be mad at me?”
Running up to his big sister, Clint hugged her around the middle, not noticing her stifle a gasp of pain. "Did they hurt you again, 'Tasha?"
“Yup,” Dean responded, for the eighth time. Looking into the dark room, Dean couldn’t recognize any of the dark shapes. Suddenly, the lights came flooding on, and Tony yelped in victory near the power panel. Immediately, Dean’s eyes wandered over to what they were there to get.
to make you feel better!” Sam’s voice was hushed, yet excited, which managed to pull a smile from the grumpy teen.
Sam stood silently a moment more. “So, why are you coming to church with us?” he asked quietly, ignoring the teen’s warning.
“If you’re telling the truth, your fever won’t improve. If you’re lying, we should see the fever lessen the longer you detox,” Tony summarized curtly. His tone made it clear which of the two he thought more likely.
Tony was silent for a second, doing his own math. “You’re right. Something’s off,” he conceded.
“Tony, that was years ago-”
Again, he said nothing.
"Let's try that again." Steve offered. "How would feel about officially becoming our son?"
Dean didn't have a response for the man, so he gave him a forced smile and shoved the receipt into his bag. "Thanks, Rufus, and thanks for the–" He shook the bottle of painkillers in lieu of finishing the sentence.
“Climb in the passenger side,” Tony responded. Sam raced around the car and as soon as the boy was buckled, away they went, breaking several traffic laws along the way.
Tony sighed. "Yeah. Yeah I do."
The woman waited, but the teen didn't continue. "Why, what, Dean?"
The boy nodded. "That sounds like my dad." He peeked up. "So there are other people like that too? It's not just him?"
“It calms me down,” he bit back. The teen’s body was tensed, everything from his head to his toes was clenched in fear.
"Nope. Tonight we will have mind-blowing sex, just like always and then tomorrow morning you're going to kiss me within an inch of my life and say 'see you later'," the man insisted. "That way you have to come back safe and sound because we never said goodbye, so you can't die."
"Nope." The answer came quick and deadpan.
"Okay, so that means that he's attached to a thing," Dean continued, not missing a beat. "Did you bring anything of his with you? Anything really important to him?"
The doctors and caseworkers wanted her to talk to them, tell them what happened. But she couldn't. They didn't understand that the words just
he thought.
"Papa!"
"Bring me some real food, I'd rather go back the gruel they fed me as a prisoner than the torture I'm supposed to eat here."
Tony gave a small smile. “But what else is having a perfect memory if I can’t use it against my husband for his own good?” he asked playfully. “Can we try that again?”
"I'm going to miss you so much, my darling."
"Steve smiled and blew one just for his husband. "Goodbye, my love."
"Why would you cover for him?"
"Hey," Tony held his hands up in defense, "I never thought I'd go for a Brooklyn guy either, but our Steve is something special."
"What?"
"Yes. He enlisted just a month before I did. Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes. But I always called him Bucky. We grew up together in Brooklyn. I lost him in the war." Steve lowered his eyes.
Dean heard Steve keys jingle before the door shut behind him. Did Steve just call him love?
thing I'm good at is taking care of you, and now that we're here, I'm fucking useless. Or, oh, I know! Do you wanna know that while you're feeling guilty about liking the nicest people we've ever met a little more than the man that basically abandoned us,
“No.”
The smirk disappeared. The teen hung his head as he felt the eyes of the men bore into him.
Steve was quiet for a moment longer before giving in and letting out a huge sigh. “I just can’t help but feel like everything’s falling apart.”
to me."
Dean nodded.
"Right. Because there weren't any. Which means that either we don't hurt our children, or we don't hurt them anywhere you can see, but the fact that he had no troubles carrying your things up the stairs indicates that he's probably not in pain anywhere. Agreed?"
“He’s not saying you
See if you can spot a couple of Easter Eggs ;)
“And what if I’d rather deal with him for the rest of my life instead of destroying this ring?” Loki snapped, the haze in his eyes replaced with anger. “I’ve lasted this long, what’s the harm?”
"Hold on," Tony interrupted. "You're retired. Why are you bringing this to us? How do you know so much about this?"
“Humour me,” she shot back.
"Please, Daddy! I'm sorry!" Clint was crying, she could hear it through the door. Bursting through, Natasha saw Clint's father holding the boy by his hair, Clint's shirt off and covered in bruises.
"Bucky!" Steve chided, face turning red.
. If you cannot remain calm we're gonna pause and try this again when you are. Understood?" Steve once again got his husband to listen to him as he piped down and nodded his head. "Now Dean. Your turn. Tell us what happened."
Dean’s fork froze half-way to his mouth.
"Dean-"
The atmosphere of the room shifted.
The genius collapsed on top of Steve, both clutching the other and breathing harshly.
Sam thought hard for a moment. "Okay, what are your boundaries, Dean?" he asked in the most serious expression the eleven-year-old could muster.
The teen was pacing, fighting tears and almost forgetting the man watching him fall apart.
"I want you to know that I'm not gonna hurt you," Dean spoke in a low and calm voice, "I'm not letting go right now because I know that when I do you're going to run and you'll never want to talk about this again."
"Hey," the captain called out, then marched back to crowd his husband against the still dirty table. "I love you."
Unfazed, the man, Mr. Wilson, took back his hand and continued to read the file. "The police found you and your brother at a motel a few miles from here. Is it just the two of you?" Mr. Wilson questioned. Dean has to admit, either he's one hell of an actor, or he actually gives a crap about the answer.
"But—"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Probably something to do with never feeling a part of a family when he was our age and wanting to give us what he never had,” Bruce speculated.
"Hey! That's not fair, I never had to do this!" Tony sputtered, clutching the other man's shirt tighter. "You didn't have any friends when I stole you from the Army. Well, none that I could just call up. And this is your best friend in the entire world, Steve! What if-"
Dean's breath froze in his chest. "Well, I– I don't–"
Steve shushed the boy, cupping his foster sons face and brushing his cheek with his thumb. "I accept your apology. It's all in the past now, it's okay."
“No!” Steve almost shouted, then calmed himself and continued at a lower volume. “No. Tony, Bucky needs me right now, I can’t go home. I was thinking that maybe you could come drop off my dinner here too? I know I said I’d come home for dinner, but...but Tony I can’t leave him. I-I can’t-”
“But what? Is he actually sick, and this is just horrible timing?” Steve suggested.
“That especially extends to myself,” the man added as an afterthought. “Now, lay down, close your eyes, and go to sleep. When you’re feeling better, we’ll talk about what just happened.”
Putting his phone back in his pocket, he expected the conversation to be over, thus surprising him when his phone went off once more.
But the number changed.
“Dean, we know you took more pills. Please tell us where they are,” Steve implored, still rubbing the boy’s knuckles in his grasp.
Steve dropped a hand on Dean's back and started to soothe the boy. "Shh, it's alright, just breathe. Take your time."
Both Dean and Sam shook their heads no.
Tony's eyes widened when he heard the unmistakable sound of a drinking glass on the other line when the man spoke.
"Both." the man replied, smiling softly.
happy a handful of times and cherished the joy radiating from the boy.
Dean's body surged straight up in his bed and stared again at the dark silhouette of his brother. Sam was completely calm.
"You better join him Sammy, you know he needs help with his spelling." Dean smiled at his brother before shooing him up the stairs.
Steve and Tony looked to each other and it was abundantly clear that they had absolutely
"Why is it funny to make people uncomfortable?" Tony asked him.
“No!” The outburst got both of the adults to pause and look at the normally soft-spoken boy. “Dean is my brother and he’s not going anywhere without me!”
“Cut the bullshit Dean.”
SURPRISE!!
“Your mom died when you were four in a house fire right?” She inquired. Demeanor completely different from before. Dean relaxed. Of course that’s what she was talking about.
"And– and if I say no?" Dean dropped his head and peered at the couple through his eyelashes.
"Well obviously, genius! I meant what are we gonna say to him? He's never gonna believe us when we say we'd never hurt Sam." Steve stood up and was wrapping his robe around himself.
"But...just like you said, Tony's so much better," Sam finally turned to look at the teen without disrupting the hand on him. In the dim light, Dean saw that the boy's face was still glistening slightly with tears. "Dean?"
"Every day," Steve confirmed. "You don't have to accept, do whatever you feel comfortable doing, but know that if that's something you want, we're just waiting to sign the papers."
The man sighed, reached into his pocket, and threw something towards Dean. Reflex alone had him catching the object before it could hit him in the face.
Steve smiled sadly and leaned in to hug the other man. "I've missed you so much, Buck. Seeing you with my kids? That's something I've dreamt about every other night. You're going to be the best uncle those kids could ever ask for."
The line was silent.
Tony raised an eyebrow at Dean’s appearance. “He is. What are you doing out of bed?” Tony’s voice was flat.
"Daddy got really mad and locked us in here," the boy explained. "But you weren't waking up and I got scared."
“I wouldn’t expect you to understand,” Loki responded harshly.
Sam, with his mouth still agape, nodded.
"Aww, is someone a prude? If I were you I'd sell fucking tickets! Ha, fucking tickets, get it?" Dean knew he was poking the bear, but god it was fun. He missed doing drills, fighting, killing monsters! Don't get him wrong, not fearing for his life was great, but man life was boring without it.
He pushed the skimpy fabric to the side and ran his finger down her folds with one hand and pinched her nipples with the other.
"John would give me this nod to let me know that I did something right. Sometimes he would say 'good job, sport', but those were far and in between and for things like staying up all night with the shotgun watching the door while Sammy slept. Those were the only times I ever truly felt like he cared about me," Dean started. "Even when I got suspended for fighting or came home high off painkillers, I have never
"NO!" the man screamed. "STOP! Enough with the tricks, I'll do whatever you want, just please!"
"Tony was just telling us about how you learned to make French toast!" Sam exclaimed as Steve walked in.
"I was thinking she was hot." Dean muttered.
The man started smoothing down the boy’s hair with one hand and placed a comforting hand on Dean’s knee, squeezing occasionally.
Steve pulled the other man to sit on the couch that was often Tony's bed when he crashed in the middle of the day just a few feet away from the desk.
“I was delirious, and you thought I did recreational drugs. Of course, I thought you would hurt me. It’s what I’ve known not only for the past couple years, but my whole damn life! If I came home high, you can bet my dad would’ve beat my ass!” Dean slowly leaned back into his seat, dropping his gaze to his twiddling hands. “And–I–when I saw that I had...made a mess on the floor and your shoes, Tony, I–I know that I forgot where I was, and if that ever happened with my other foster fathers…” he trailed off. “That’s why I didn’t want you to touch me. That’s why I fell off the bed to get away from you. I forgot where I was and didn’t remember you at that moment. I promise.
"Did they touch you?" she whispered. He nodded.
Pulling back, Dean looked the man in the eye and said: "You already have."
"If I weren't an alcoholic and you weren't a minor I'd be offering you some liquor right about now."
"You're a great kid, Loki. I'm gonna miss you so much."
“There are no other symptoms,” Tony quickly replied, racking his brain for other reasons the boy could be feverish. “Could be a minor allergic reaction to the codeine, but I’ve never seen that before, so I’d need to do some research.”
Tony glared at the man in feigned surprise and anger. “Ow?!”
want to hear another word about us spending money on you,” the man gave a glare to the teen, knowing exactly why the boy was uncomfortable with the plans.
The group watched as Clint sprinted to the television. "Sorry about that, we got him that game system for his birthday and apparently the novelty hasn't worn off yet. Why don't we give you a tour of the place?" Tony stood up and held a hand for his husband. "Shall we?"
"Yeah Sammy, it's awesome. Now you can finally ascend to full nerd." Dean teased his brother as he sprinted to his desk and opened the bottom drawer very carefully. Inside was a full hunters supply minus any weapons. Holy water, rosaries, salt, an exorcism ritual, guides for protection wards and a flip phone with a post note on it.
"No! We are not exposing him to our home and endangering our other kids just because Dean wants his drug supply open."
“Everything except the reason you needed Mr. Singer’s number.”
“Dean? Dean, sport, we really need you to wake up to make sure you’re okay!” Tony was hovering above the teen, almost scared to touch the feverish boy.
"Why are you so into her if you think she's such a bitch?"
The soldier's question was met with a resounding affirmation.
"Papa," the adult sighed, putting the steaming dish on the table. The men came together in a strong hug before separating and nodding silently to one another.
"Not so fast." The man stood up, extending an arm. "Your brother's sleeping right now, there's no need to wake him just yet."
"Ugh feels so good to double team with you again, love," Tony sighed, before making a kiss sound into the phone and passing it to the boy.
"And I was kidnapped in Afghanistan and lived in a cave for a few months. I get panic attacks and live with anxiety." Tony offered. "Mental illness isn't something to push away or hide. It's a real part of us and everyone in this family has some need for help."
"You're–you're invitin' me for the kid's birthday?" the voice lost some of its edge, slipping into a soft tone.
He really did feel awful. Every muscle ached, his head was pounding, his side screamed in agony, and with all the different smells in the kitchen, it was a miracle he didn’t end up with his head over the sink. A quick nap couldn’t hurt.
“Hey, now.” Tony's eyebrows knit together. “I get that you’re not feeling great, but you only got yourself to blame. Can it with the attitude, mister.”
Dean was pacing in his room, trying to calm the fuck down. He wasn't trying to get beat, he just needed some stimulation and Steve was just so funny! Goddamnit! He always fucks everything up! Steve was gonna beat Dean, then Sam would say something to Mr Wilson again and then they'd have to leave again! All because he couldn't keep his fucking mouth shut.
"Thor, inside voice, remember?"
"Ha! That's what you call good?" Steve laughed. "Fucking brat is what you were!"
"Dean didn't try to contact me until he was already with the two of you."
"Of course, Dean. Take your time." Tony smiled and squeezed the boy's arm in reassurance.
Dean sat in shock for a second, then smiled. "I know exactly what's going on."
sex life, too!" Although her voice was disgusted, a small smile crept onto her face at the man's antics.
"Hey, Tones, what's up?" Steve answered his phone casually, one hand still holding on to an unconscious Bucky's.
"Then why did you ask?" The teen's voice got very quiet, flicking his eyes between the two men.
"The person he was with didn't know him that well, but the sex was consensual. The recording wasn't, but that's for another time," Steve rambled. "The point is–sex is better with someone you know, love, and trust. But it doesn't have to be. Does that make sense?"
“What a couple of messes, eh, Tones?” Steve tried to joke, a small smirk gracing his features.
"You mean...adopt them?" Clint asked, eyes wide again, but for a very different reason.
Steve sighed. “Sorry about Tony. He only gets mad because he cares about you.” Dean rolled his eyes and scoffed. “It’s true! He’s just never been very good at interacting with people. Machines? The best in the world. But emotions?”
Dean had his head as close to his plate as he possibly could, avoiding eye contact with the rest of the room.
“I’m coming too!” Sam called out, running after them.
"Okay, what else?" the man prompted.
She nodded, before remembering the man couldn't see her. She quickly wiped up the blood and opened the door, nodding once before closing the door once again.
“No, you didn’t. Remember, I know when someone is lying to me,” Steve interjected. “The truth.”
“I don’t need to do shit lady! I don’t know who you are, but-“
He let his arm drop with a dejected sigh. “Okay. You don’t want to tell us, that’s fine.
Dean followed the man’s guidance into the embrace and hid his face into his
Dean, for the first time, looked the man in the eye. “I’ve never heard you apologize before.”
"Just try to be nice," Steve finished. Dean snorted. "Second rule. I know we haven't had a problem yet, but just in case, no weapons. No knives that aren't for cutting steak, no guns, nothing that was made to hurt someone else," Steve continued.
This scene is set when Dean is in eleventh grade, two years after their adoption. Something has been bothering Dean for quite a while, hopefully, Tony will be able to help.
"Don't you dare," Tony commanded, much more awake. The man shuffled around until the screen was awash with light and Steve finally saw the love of his life's face.
Baffled, Dean replied: "Yeah."
"I'll buy him friends! Anything but–"
Dean shrugged. "That's the one you talk about the most. Pretty easy to guess."
Tony simply groaned and pulled the man impossibly closer. "Don't care, just need you."
Hanging his head, the teen obeyed, falling back into the soft cushions and bracing himself for the lecture about just how useless he actually was. Mr. Coulson knelt in front of the teen and braced his hands on the armrest, effectively trapping Dean in the seat.
“And the rest of you?” Tony asked.
“I don’t know.” It slipped out before he could stop himself.
"What? Fuck. No. Of course not! Why would you- are you going to?" All of Dean's bravado disappeared when he looked up at his his foster parents. His green eyes full of such vulnerability and hurt that Steve and Tony's hearts broke simultaneously.
This scene is set a couple of years after To Have a Home ends, where the family is headed to see Bruce receive an award at MIT.
Please let me know if anyone needs any TWs!!
“Tell me what’s going on!” he demanded.
Dean smirked. "Well if you want a play-by-play, I-"
Dean shrugged. "I may not know much, but I know how to deal with scared little brothers."
"Well, I mean, kinda?" Dean slumped against one of the shelves behind him. "Look, dude, I'm halfway through an essay about a book I didn't read, and I'm just learning about 'healthy sibling relationships' myself. Maybe ask your therapist? Or Steve and Tony? All I know is that I did what felt right at the time and I don't regret it."
Dean stared at Steve, expression unreadable.
"Now. I believe your papa told you to do your homework. You better get on it so you can beat the next level of your game tonight! If you don't I will!" Dean teased as Clint chucked. Clint headed towards the stairs with a small smile towards his father.
"And no other home will take them? Two boys, it can't be that hard to find them a good place to stay!" Tony fought, refusing to look at the pictures. He knew if he saw the kids faces just once, he would cave, but they already had four kids, waiting on the fifth!
Tony leaned forward in his chair. "You want to be a dick? Fine. Be a dick. But know that I will win every time. I invented being a dick, so try me kiddo."
“Dad would start decorating the day after Thanksgiving if Papa let him,” Clint added.
"And you are absolutely right. Kids need the verbal and physical assurance that their parents love them, and that was something you've never had with John."
"What if he asks about things from before?" he finally asked. "I'm not telling him what really happened. Not with the foster parents, and not from before that."
Sliding closer to his brother, Dean nudged the boy again, silently prompting him to talk.
Dean nodded, expression unwavering, but Steve noticed that his hand shook as he opened the bedroom door.
Walking into the house was an experience in and of itself. The place was huge! Dean didn't know where to look first. He saw Mr Wilson headed towards some seating on the left side of the door and followed him to find a cozy room filled with a large tv, a plush faded brown couch and several arm chairs surrounding a glass coffee table.
"So...you're married to a genius CEO billionaire?" Bucky guessed.
Steve silently gasped and squeezed the boy even tighter, letting a few tears escape in his joy. "Thank you, Dean," he whispered back. "I know what a gift that is, and I will do everything in my power to earn it."
“Nay, young archer, although that is the day we exchange our gifts to each other, it is for celebrating the unity of family and strengthening the bonds that hold us together,” Thor explained joyfully while Clint rolled his eyes, smiling.
"Dean! Laptops! This will make research so much easier!" Sam ran to the furthest desk and started fiddling with the computer.
"I know, I know." Dean but his lip, thinking. "I-I don't think I agree with Dr Mills."
There was a long silence, then a sigh. "Dean. You sound rough, boy. What'd you get into this time?" The grizzly voice of the one and only Bobby Singer was music to the teen's ears.
"Nope. You are not hiding in your room until we search it for sharp objects, missy," he stated, earning him a hard shove from the girl. She needed to escape. She needed out.
On a related note, I'm wondering if anyone is interested in betaing a one-shot I wrote in this universe that's going to be released after this one is done. If you are, let me know!!
"Woah, woah, woah," Tony sputtered immediately. "Do you think Steve and I don't love you? Because, buddy, you couldn't be further from the truth."
Steve collapsed at the desk chair in the bare army room. He rested his elbows on the desk and ran his hands down his face in exhaustion. Perking himself up, he fired up his newly reinstated cell phone and video called the one person he needed to see most in the world: his husband.
The agent shook his head. "Unfortunately there's no news with him. Although I have reliable sources in Scandinavia that will inform me if his condition changes."
"Hey, Buck. Ya gonna wake up this time?"
At dinner, the boys were introduced to Steve and Tony's other children, a teen named Bruce, who they learned was eighteen and was already in university getting a biology and chemistry degree, and a sixteen year old girl named Natasha with flaming red hair.
Apologies for being a day late!
“Not good,” Steve replied instantly. He hung his head and tried to fight back the tears, but with his husband right in front of him, the Captain instinctually let go and a single tear tracked its way down his cheek. The one paved the way for a dozen more tears that Steve frantically wiped away before peaking through his lashes to look at his screen.
What wasn't?
"Mmh, I like that ." Cap purred, pulling his hips back and popping them forward, experimentally. Tony gasped out his name and Steve gave him more of the same.
That wasn't something Tony expected.
Tony stayed there, tongue lightly probing, circling the flesh. He opened him up like that, with just his tongue. Bucky practically
Steve pinched the bride of his nose and sighed. "Going somewhere, Stark?" He asked.
There was this thing about negligence that was a hard lesson for Tony to learn.
He sighed contentedly and rearranged himself properly. It had been too long since he'd done that on his own.
Bucky was a blushing, trembling mess by the time Steve was settling between his thighs.  Bucky had attempted getting to his hands but Steve had insisted he be able to see Bucky's face.
He let himself relax, settling his back against the tub.
"What's so funny?"
Cap rolled his hips and Tony cried out as more sank into him.
Steve's eyes widened. It hadn't really sunk in that maybe there were still things that Bucky didn't remember. It broke his heart a little to think that he'd forgotten this.
Tony's hand stopped moving and he put his phone into his pocket. "I've got a lot of things to say. . . Now's not the time and I'm afraid that if I open my mouth everything will just come out and there you'll go again. Gone, on some self assigned mission, trying to bury a 70 year ache in you. And you told me you
"I saw my museum piece." His smile had faded and was replaced by a far away and slightly pinched look.
"Germany?" Steve asked, confused. "We've already discussed Germany."
"Friday." Steve said out loud as he shoved a bite of his breakfast past his lips, forcing himself to eat it. "Tell me the minute Peter leaves."
Peter Parker is the thing fluff is made from.
He cried out pushing back against him, needier than either of them anticipated.
"Wait, Cap. Question." He pushed himself up on his elbows and looked over his shoulder at Steve. "Back there in, in Germany, where did you learn that? With your tongue? Not that I'm complaining." There was barely contained excitement in Tony's voice.
Steve reluctantly parted lips with Tony, scraping his perfect teeth over the lower one as he did so, catching it just enough to make Tony yelp out a moan. He smirked as he kissed a trail from Stark's lips down his neck, leaving more purple bruises in his wake.
"1945, Germany. Dead of night, ice cold, rain pouring. My pants around my knees." He darted forward like a caged animal and grabbed the cup of pills. He tossed the sleeping ones and downed the small handful that remained, dry.
"Because I don't think I could stop if I went any further." Tony stated with blunt honesty.
"Very funny, Tony but you'll recall you're the one who called
"Ahh fuck, thank you Tony. That helped." There were tears from laughter on the corners of his eyes. His hand didn't drop from Tony's, his thumb traced little patterns over the back of it. "I'm thankful for you."
"That first time, Stevie. Back in your ma's apartment. I w-- I wasn't frustrated cause of any dame. I went out to get the courage to tell you. I went out aiming to get drunk enough to tell you. . . How I felt. I shoulda just had the balls on my own. I shoulda
He did. He punched Bucky in the jaw with a right and caught him in the ribs with the left.
"Oh God." He breathed out. His half hard prick firmed further under Tony's hand.
Tony's head snapped up, locking his wide, brown eyes on Steve's. They were rimmed in red and his cheeks were still wet with tears.
"You're rambling, Tony. You gonna be this nervous every time, doll?" He half-teased.
When he opened his eyes again the golden light was gone and he was in a nearly dark room of twisted metal, bars, grates and chain link.
It was five minutes before the door to his room opened up if Bucky had counted correctly.
God, Tony. He should have be with him right now but Bucky. . . Well. Steve sat back up and actually got to his feet this time. He hears the toilet flush and decides now was the time to quietly slip out.
"Man, you didn't even remember your own name, how's it your fault?" Peter sounded frustrated.
Bucky shook his head.
"Do you think we could all three work it out together? Because damn, I've grown fond of Snow White here."
Tony couldn't bring himself to out and out hate the man. He-- if he was being honest with himself-- could actually see the appeal Bucky had. At times he was brash and could go toe-to-toe with Tony in the witty sarcastic banter department, but he also wore his heart out on his sleeve.
He lay panting, spent and excessively contented. But he didn't get to really relax very long when he felt Steve lifting him up.
Bucky was quick on the reply, "who do you think he learned it from?"
The hand draped around his shoulders rubbed Bucky's chest soothingly. Perhaps Bucky didn't realize how touch starved he was but he found himself curling into Thor's side. The man was treating him exactly how he would have treated one of his little sisters if they were upset or injured. He was left wondering if Thor had any siblings.
The lable on the tape was in Russian but he easily deciphered the meaning. It was the date of his parents death.
Tony reached for his shirt and Cap jolted up, immediately sobered.
When he stopped at last he was gasping for breath. Tony put the dust bin down and gave him a paper towel for his mouth.
"Do you wanna maybe talk about it?" Peter nuzzled his face against Bucky's pec. He was as snuggly as a kid half his age. It kind of warmed Bucky's heart.
He needed those anxiety meds.
"Its gone. M-my leg." He gripped the sheets in his one hand. "I can't feel anything. My whole left side,  I can't--!" He shut himself up when he felt his chest tighten again.
And just what in hell was he going to do about all this? It was his mess. Hell, in Bucky's case, his whole life with the man was a mess.
"Was!"
Tony wasn't sure how many times Steve had made him cum by the time Steve let him lay down, exhausted and sticky.
When Steve lit the candles on the table, illuminating the darkness he was shrouded in, Tony jumped. "Fuck! You scared me."
"No. I don't think I am." Bucky choked out. "I can't be."
"People aren't property." Tony had started to reach his hand out to Bucky to comfort him but pulled it back.
"I remember every kill I remember it all so vividly. And I couldn't stop. I didn't stop."
Tony squeaked. There was nothing in the world like Cap speaking to him this way. Nothing that twisted his will into this submissive puddle like him.
His eyes widened. Not while he was wet, please, not while he was wet.
who had a set of car keys.
"Verdict, Snow White?"
____________________________________________
He wrapped his arms around Steve's neck, locking them in place. The limbs were heavy but he knew Steve could take it. "Steve." He moaned out when they finally parted for breath. All the attention had gone directly to his cock which was pressed, half hard against Steve's muscular thigh.
, I thought. . . I thought that was how you felt about me." Steve finally took a bite of the apple, needing to do something to occupy his physical body while his mind raced.
This scene wasn't familiar. He couldn't place it at all. It caused him to panic.
"Stevie!" He heard himself exclaim in a hushed tone. "I can't believe I let you talk me into this." His teeth were grit together.
"What's worse is that I'm here now and you keep running. You're always gonna be ashamed of me aren't you? Now just like back then?!" He stood right in front of Steve now, eyes steely and nostrils flaring. "
He wasn't being careful anymore, going plate by plate. Friday was voicing several warnings in quick succession in Tony's ear.
He made his way around the room looking at everything.  His eyes slid over the sparse bric-a-brac: tiny animals, a porcelain crinoline lady, one of her arms chipped entirely off. It made him feel unsteady somehow, but no other negative emotion bubbled up. No panic, no fear.
"You can't. Just like I can't bring your mom back." He flexed the hand and ripped the covers off himself, looking down at the new leg. "How long have I been out?"
The older man had his brows knit. He frowned but it was the most heartbroken looking face Peter had ever saw.
"Strip." He'd said it then, now he repeated it just as firmly, an unquestionable command.
Howard Stark had been the only one to really ever acknowledge that there was something there, even when Steve himself couldn't. "Your Sargent Whats-his-name" that's what Howard had called Bucky.
Bzzzt. Clank.
"Did you see Bucky's score on the galaga game in the rec room?!"
"You're alright, Bucky." Maybe that wasn't the best word. "You're
He had to pull himself down from a panic attack as he gathered his things and ascended in the elevator to Bruce's lab.
"You don't have any visual?" Steve's voice sounded a little strained. Why was that?
Bucky snorted another laugh. "Could be" he said coyly. He bit his lower lip and looked up at Tony through his eyelashes knowing just how he looked.
"You kissed me."
He shook himself and nodded. "I'm okay, Stevie. I was just remembering. . . Remembering you used to do this. Back home."
Tony's name became a prayer on his lips.
"By Thor's brother, Loki." Peter was speaking from directly against Bucky's ribs. "H-hey hold me. Ju-just, like, your arms. It makes me feel safe."
"I'm scared." He admitted, knowing very well that was a punishable offence. "There's pain."
Tony gasped, the lips parted, intent on suckling out their bright mark on Tony's skin.
He squeezed his eyes shut and let the incredible, slick feeling envelop him. The strong, wet appendage swirled within him, writhing like an eel. Intermittently, Steve would pull back and languidly let his tongue circle quivering flesh, teasing just at the entrance. Tony's moans became needy pleas and it lit fire in Steve's loins. After a while he let Tony's shaking legs drop and looked at him with smouldering eyes, and a dark expression on his face, almost predatory. It excited Tony in a way he couldn't quite pinpoint.
"Liar." He managed to smirk through the pain. Steve dropped his head  breathing irregularly.
Bucky sighed and let himself lay back heavily on the pillows.
"You need a doctor." Bucky narrowed his eyes at Peter.
Bucky arched when Tony palmed him through the soft fabric of his underwear.
"I trust you can maybe find something." He gripped Tony's knee.
Damn, it was so easy for Tony to become touch starved. "More." He found himself whispering.
Bruce too offered a slight smile. "Okay Bucky. If you start to feel bad, let us know, okay? No shame."
He was slightly spaced out when the doors opened into Bucky's living room. Bucky being seated at the dining table in the attached dining area staring directly at him snapped him back to reality.
"I mean, if you don't want it wet, keep talking, Tony."
"I guess I could try filtering his blood out, running it back in, hyper chilled. Stop his heart- though it does that enough on its own." He was pulling up a scan, suspended in 3d over his tablet "this is the subj-- Bucky's chest. All those dark lines are parts of the arm, connecting to major nerves and muscles. But this. . ." He pinched his fingers together on the image then spread them wide, it zoomed in on Bucky's heart then turned showing the opposite side.
"I've got to be up at 9 in the fucking morning. But here's the thing; I'm not tired."
Peter groaned deeply and let his head fall back against the wall. "C'mon man I didn't think you were a narc."
A low moan was pulled from Howard's lips as he was nicely surprised. Steve's second finger slipped in gently, easily. His fingers curled and scissored apart, stretching him.
"How many more times am I going to wake up like this? I'm not a science project. I'm not a lab rat. How am I supposed to live like this. It's no better than Hydra. I get comfortable, I let myself trust everyone here. And. . ." He held up his gleaming right hand, the metal ended just above his elbow. "how is this different from what they did? I'm really not going to be a person soon, Tony!"
Steve slowly extracted himself from the chair and stood close to Bucky. He held his hand to his chest now.
"Tony?" He asked, his throat dry, pulse racing, not daring to turn, not wanting to look into the light of the repulsor.
Bucky was sitting on the floor by the window, forehead pressed against the glass, naked but for a pair of boxer briefs. A tiny pair of nail scissors dangled from one of his metallic fingers.
Dean sat slowly, never taking his eyes off the three men. There's no way he'd be able to take all of them. Goatee man by himself probably, but the other two with those muscles? Better not make them angry, beatings from them would suck.
“Can I talk to you for a minute Dean?” the man asked, cocking his head to the side in a gesture to leave the others. The teen looked at Steve and Tony, and after receiving a nod and small smiles, accepted the invitation.
"Nope, I'm designing it. The idea is there, I've almost already finished it in my head. Unless, of course, if you want to hook it up to the central nervous system as well, that way he would be able to actually have sensation in the limb and not just mobility-but that would mean hundreds of thousands of sensors as small as nanobots on each of the fingers and-"
"I'm gonna miss you, Papa."
Dean shook his head. "No. I mean, maybe he didn't know how?"
The parents eyed each other quickly. “Dean,” Steve began, “If you’re in pain, you need to tell us.”
“For me?” Steve scoffed. “What about Bucky? What about
"Fine. It was a normal day. School sucked. Food is good. Anything else you want to know?" He responded.
"We have to wait a whole nother week!" Clint exclaimed, fake fainting on Natasha, who pushed him away teasingly.
Tony reached out and held his husband’s hand in support.
The siblings took a collective sigh of relief.
“Yes. You’ve had to grow up a lot Dean. More than any child should have to. But it doesn’t matter how mature you feel, you were Clint’s age. With someone four years older.”
Forgetting the trials of the day, the family gathered to eat their late dinner and sit in silence as the movie commenced. Mr. Coulson was giving Dean glances occasionally, watching as the teen threw his crust to the box violently and braced his head on his hands and pulled on the strands of his hair before leaning back to continue to feign to watch the movie.
After hesitating for a moment, the teen slowly lifted the chain from around his neck and pulled the front from underneath his shirt. When the end of the necklace appeared, it was revealed to be a man’s ring adorned with diamonds and rubies.
Dean reared back as if struck, his face awash with horror. “What?
Gathering her courage, Natasha bit down again, this time at the man's neck, almost immediately letting go as she was splattered with more of the man's blood, feeling it spray the air around her as the man screamed.
, Dean thought as he listened to the line ring.
" Loki asked.
"What!" Dean reeled back so suddenly he fell ass first on the mats and shuffled back a few feet.
"What? What happened?" Steve looked away from the pictures, eyebrows furled in concern.
“There is no
The sight that greeted Steve was so...extraordinarily ordinary that he had to fight down his welling emotions. The kitchen was covered in pancake batter, spilt milk and flour and the table was covered with sticky syrup that, usually would've earned a sigh from the army Captain, but today it just garnered a smile. This. This is what he fought to protect. This is what he would always fight to protect. This is what he thought about every second he was gone, what he was hoping and praying to come back to.
“I told him the only way I would marry him is if he got his addictions under control,” Steve explained. “Don’t get me wrong Sam, I was with him every step of the way, I never stopped supporting him, but I knew that marrying him at that point wouldn’t have been the best decision for either of us. So instead, I made a really hard choice and it ended up with Tony sometimes really angry with me, but he’s sober now.”
“Uncle Bobby said this was everything dad had?” Sam asked for the eighth time.
“Dean, what’s the matter with you?” Sam demanded, confused as to why his brother was treating their favourite uncle as a pariah.
"I'm not sure, bud. It's really hard to beat an addiction, and I'm really lucky that I had so much support to get me through it." Tony answered. "But, I'm sure that with enough support, there's definitely a chance."
"As in boxing?" Steve asked.
"I know what you mean. I was deployed in the Middle East some years back and we took leave in Europe a couple times. My best friend and I started one night in France and I get a call from him the next morning saying he's in Germany and has no idea how he got there."
The teen sighed and dropped his head to his chest. "I miss him too kiddo," he whispered. Dean placed a hand on his brother's back and began absent-mindedly rubbing in soothing circles.
“I always wanted to go to a normal Christmas church service,” the boy replied hesitantly, gaging the teen’s reaction.
"Dean, you're safe. We just pulled into the garage, and now we need to get out of the car. How about we get you into bed? Would you like that?" Tony spoke gently, approaching Dean as he would a young child or perhaps a skittish deer.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean, are you okay?" Sam ran and nearly tackled his brother in a hug.
"What do you mean 'you tempted them'?" Dean asked slowly, hoping to god that his little brother didn't do what he was thinking.
"I– Steve and Tony talked to me today."
"I don't. Need. To breathe." Nat's red, sweat-soaked hair clung to her face as she furiously punched the bag.
Steve forcefully closed the book and stashed everything in his bag before running a hand down his face anxiously. With another deep sigh, he pulled out his phone.
The man looked into the eyes of all of his children, spending a little longer to get Clint to agree and make sure he knew the warning was primarily for the rambunctious boy.
"Well, I must say, for a fourteen year old, you're amazing." Steve complimented Dean as he threw the teen a bottle of water.
The soldier began to cry harder.
"That's what I thought too. Until he stopped when he was giving us lip." Steve revealed.
"It's what you do for your siblings. Take the heat for them," Dean finally answered.
"I didn't think that would've been the best introduction."
It didn't feel like a panic attack like the other times, but whatever it was, he didn't like it.
Sam suddenly went quiet. "Dean? Do you think dad's still gonna come for us?"
“Dean, your fever is
"Oh, come on. What did they do? Or were you just feeling extra dickish? That's cool too, those guys kinda suck on a good day."
“Why don’t you tell us who you think is going to be at the funeral?” Tony suggested. “Maybe some old friends or family?”
“Wait a minute,” Sam muttered. “You said you were Christian, right Papa?”
Steve brought his hands up to cup his husband's cheeks. "Actually," he said softly. "I think I'd like the opposite."
“That’s me protecting those important to me.”
Dean couldn’t care less who or where that came from. His stomach hurt–he needed it to stop hurting! The hand was back, cradling his forehead, and another was on his back, soothing him through every hard heave.
"Can we talk about this, Dean? Please?"
“Why do you even believe in this stuff, huh? Just because it’s not proven wrong?” Dean sneered.
Stepping back, he held out an arm in defence, his eyes scanning for potential threats. Ever observant, Clint narrowly avoided Dean's swinging arm and wrapped himself around the teen's middle.
“What?” Dean finally spoke.
"Um, yeah. He's—" Steve hesitated. "You remember Howard Stark? The guy that created our weapons for the unit?"
"Are you sure I can't talk you into something right now?" Tony pinched a nipple tightly and suddenly, earning a yelp and another groan from the blond.
Clint lifted his head slightly.
Seeing the teen, the smile on Bobby’s face disappeared. “Dean.”
"Okay, so, uh," he stammered, not knowing where to start. "So, sex." His face was beet red. "For me, sex isn't some beautiful experience to share with someone else. It's–it feels good. And–and it gets me out of my head for a little while, to–to completely focus on someone else and know that it's because of me that they're feeling good, that it's because of me that they make noises and beg for more.
“So, can I keep the gun?” Dean asked, very aware of the conversation he’d had with the foster parents his first night.
Tony slammed the door and walked around the car to get in on the driver's side. After putting on his seatbelt, Tony glanced at Dean and saw that the boy was having trouble with his own.
"Symmetrical?" Bucky chuckled. "Are you flirting with me? You're husband's here, sweetcheeks, might wanna wait before you bust out the flattery," he winked playfully.
Thanks again to my amazing beta morrismsteph!
Dean smiled. "Yeah, 'course I am. Look at all the food!"
The teen knew he was lucky that Tony donated a ton of money to the school, or he probably would've been suspended after the stunt he pulled yesterday. He only hoped that would save him from another punishment after he skipped class today.
"Besides, if that were to make you a bad son, what the hell would that make me?" Dean tried to joke, knocking into the other boy's shoulders slightly.
"Come on! How about I get some celebrity kids here instead? Angelina still owes me from–"
"Dean. Of all those reasons the one that worries me the most is that you couldn't stop. That's a problem." Steve stood up from his seat and stepped closer to Dean. "Is this what happened in your therapy sessions too?"
Sam’s face lit up as he reached for the bowl on Tony’s tray, almost knocking it over in his haste.
“What is it, Sammy?” He called back, getting out of the car to join his little brother.
Bucky returned the laugh this time and conceded. "You're right I'd miss pussy too much."
“You’ve been watching way too much Harry Potter there, Hermionie,” Dean laughed at his brother’s antics.
“Hey, everyone! How was mass?” Tony called out from in front of the fireplace as the troupe returned from the Christmas mass.
"We're glad to hear that, but that's not what I meant," the engineer replied. "It could be cutting yourself with a razor, punching a wall, hitting your head against that wall," he paused, "digging your fingernails into your skin."
Dean slowly walked towards the car he called home for almost ten years, taking in every detail. Everything was as he remembered, every imperfection ladened with memories. Running his fingers over the hood, something caught his attention on the dash of the car.
"Ugh. K. This is how this is gonna go." Dean sat up straight again, placing his hands on his knees. The couple instinctively moved back, giving him space. "I don't trust you. At all. But if what your saying is true then it could be really good for Sammy. I'll let you do what you do, but if I think you're gonna touch him in any way, you're both in shit. And I mean it," Dean pointed at the men, glaring at them dangerously. "You touch a hair on his head I'll be burying you in an unmarked grave, then Sam and I are gone. I don't know if they told you, but our dad is coming back for us. The moment he does we're leaving, no if's, ands or but's. Agreed?"
Short chapter ahead! But I think y'all are gonna like it ;)
Pausing her hand, Natasha had to fight down the shiver the question brought. "I told I'd tell you when you're older."
"We know your father hasn't been back in almost three weeks. That's not a business trip. And your brother already told us that you're thirteen. That's not old enough to take care of yourself yet, let alone a nine-year-old." The man reached out and put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "I really do just want to help."
“Tony no one is making you your own holiday,” Steve sighed theatrically, winking towards the kids.
Steve's heart broke just a little more, but persevered. "Buck, please, it's me."
"Dean!" Tony shouted, cutting him off.
"A deal? What deal would that be?" Steve slowly drew the covers off himself as he prepared to get off the bed.
"Apparently he's refused to talk, so, you know, that's more helpful news."
He pulled back just enough to look Dean in the eye. “Don’t you ever do that again! You get hurt? You tell us. Doesn’t matter how you got hurt; you will never get in trouble for needing medical assistance. Understood?”
"Can I come in?" Steve asked as he stood in the doorway of Natasha's room.
A sigh. "Yeah, I knew. Those boys deserve better than an old coot like me takin' care of 'em. I thought, hey, there's a chance they'll get a white picket fence, why not let them at least try?" More distinct sounds of glass moving on the other end of the line.
The next few weeks were boring, to say the least. Dean and Sam went to school, they came back, they did their homework, ate dinner as a family, chill, go to bed, repeat.
Dean inspected the phone. "These are brand new. How much did they cost?"
The raven-haired teen smirked. "Like I said. Strange."
"Þú þarft ekki að segja neitt, því ég veit að þú ættir að hata mig en þú ert bara of góð manneskja og-" {
The blond closed his eyes and dropped his forehead to Tony's, before nodding slightly. "I missed you so much, you have no idea, I—"
"Well, he handed the company over to his son right before we left on that last mission. His son Tony," Steve concluded, studying his friend's reaction.
“Sam?” Dean raised an eyebrow, asking silently what his little brother thought.
“You look after him really well, Dean. You should be proud of that.”
“But back to my question. What do you want for Christmas?” she asked once more.
"Dean was the one who bore the brunt of it, apparently Sam doesn't even know why they were removed from their past homes. While mostly physical, we speculate sexual as well. Although he fought all the tests so there's no way to know for sure without him telling us and there's no way he'll ever do that. He's tight lipped. Apparently he only ever speaks of the abuse when necessary, but has no problems reporting it to his case worker except for once. That's when they stayed for four and a half months. He didn't report anything the entire time. We only found out about it because Sam was talking about how they went to the beach and Dean swam with his shirt on, tipping off their case worker."
Oh, wow. He was really, seriously serious about this. Well, far be it from Steve to hide from the world. “I'm in.”
Steve hung his head and wiped his eyes with the hand that wasn't clinging to Bucky's remaining hand.
Tony buried his head into his husband's shoulder. "Give me the shovel talk, is more like it."
“Great job, Dean. I know that couldn’t have been easy.” Tony was standing now, holding the glass of water. “Can you sit up for me? You really do need to drink some water.”
"I talked to Dr. Mills a lot about telling you. We worked out why I didn't want to tell you in the first place and she told me you were going to find out eventually, so why not just get it over with?" Sam returned his gaze to the ceiling.
The teen gave him a bright smile and a small "welcome back, sir."
"I think you have everything you need now. I really shouldn't be leaving you alone, but I still have the codeine in my pocket, and it's getting really hard not to take it myself. I'm going to go in the hall and call my sponsor really quick. If you need me, you just need to call for me, and I'll be here in a second.
"Thanks, dude." Dean smiled back and covered his head in the blankets. "Now go away."
"What's he like?" Clint asked the boy.
Dean still double checked every corner of the house to make sure nothing was tampered with or drawn incorrectly. He didn't find anything of the sort.
"I love you too, Papa."
Steve nodded frantically, his eyes heavy-lidded and mouth slightly open, panting already.
The colour was back. She wasn't even trying to talk but the world was suffocating her again. Every thought was put into remembering how to breathe, forcing air into her lungs.
"Gee, I see you're really torn up about this," Loki commented in a flat voice.
Wordlessly, Steve lead them through stretches while telling Dean how important it was to stretch before ever doing something strenuous as to avoid hurting yourself. Dean rolled his eyes everytime Steve wasn't looking.
The blond blushed. "Um, that was Tony," he explained, looking at his hands, then through his lashes, continued. "He's my husband."
"What kind of work?" she asked.
The ride home from the school was silent. Dean was scared to move a muscle the entire way. When they got home however, Tony couldn't even wait until they reached Steve's office.
Dean could feel the heat radiating off his wound and knew he was getting paler the longer he stood there. “It’s okay, really! You don’t have to take care of me! Go to work, both of you–I’ll be fine! In fact, I’m not really sick! I’m fine to go school!”
"Dr. Hill is right–that is absolutely what sex is. However, for some people, it can just be about having fun." If Steve felt uncomfortable talking about freewheeling sex to his daughter, he didn't show it. The man was a pillar of strength for his children in that moment. "Do you remember the story that went around about dad a couple years ago? The video that was leaked?"
"Yeah, it's been stressful," the boy admitted, looking at his lap. "But, Dad, Papa, I think they need us. They're our brothers, and they need our support. I don't want them to leave where we can't be there for them."
Dean grabbed the salt, warding book and a sharpie marker and went to protect the house from the outside monsters.
The men stared at the empty doorway, remembering the closed off boy they took in, and how far he'd come to being who he was meant to be.
“Yeah, Steve,” he blinked. “I’m fine.”
With a laugh, Steve kissed his husband and continued pounding the man's hole, using it at a fuck toy, continually lick and sucking at Tony's neck and chest. When Steve's rhythm began faltering, Tony clenched his hole and felt the blond breathing heavily into his neck. The genius pulled on the man's hair and swallowed the groan that came with Steve's release.
Dean smirked at her. “Told you I’d have you begging.”
The family of four were confused, as the directions Mr. Coulson gave them lead them directly into an open field with dozens of people milling about. Looking out the window of the car, Dean started to see some familiar faces and grew more and more confused.
“Our parents have never raised a hand to us!” Clint shouted in outrage.
“We had a right to be upset, and to talk to you about it. If we found that you did it on purpose and just for fun, then we had a right to punish you, but you didn’t take those pills for fun, did you?” Steve asked. “You took them because you were in pain.”
"Because–because–Look. I'm trying to find my dad, and Bobby is the only one who would even know where to start looking." Dean sagged down the tree he was leaning against. His injuries really fucking hurt.
"Okay. We're gonna try this again. What the fuck was that about?" Tony asked. Dean shrugged. "Nuh uh. You're not getting shy on us now. You owe us an explanation."
"Dad always told you to look after me and now that he's gone…"
The blonde shook his head, then almost rolled his eyes at the fact that his husband couldn’t actually see him. “No need, Tones, I’m fine.”
“My dad left a year and a half ago. What are you talking about.”
The one word had winded the men, the betrayal clear in the young boys voice.
Sleeping without Steve was nothing short of torture, and the engineer had his fair share of torture throughout his life. And then there were the nightmares when he did manage to sleep at all.
With every day that passed until Steve's flight, the atmosphere of the house grew darker and more sombre.
“I got a call saying your father’s body was found. I’m here to pay my respects,” Bobby answered, cautiously.
"Okay, off to bed now, Dean." The man exited the car himself and guided his son through the house until the boy collapsed face down onto his mattress.
Dean rolled his eyes. “What, are you Santa now?”
The last stop on the tour was their room. It was twice as big as their last motel room with dad and held two identical wooden frame double beds. The walls were sparsely decorated but was painted in shades of green and blue. Opposite their beds were matching desks and wardrobes, complete with laptops on the desks and clothes filling the drawers.
"Steve, what was war like?"
"Perhaps you would be interested in football!" Thor chimed in, his cheeks full of food.
"Too many clothes, Steve," Tony whispered. "Give me a show."
"Clinton, if I hear you click your pen one more time, I will break it," he whispered loudly at the boy he shared the table at the library with.
"...abused?" Bobby grunted.
“Tony?” he called out before the man left the room.
"Dean? Do you have any thoughts on this?" Steve asked tentatively.
"You will write to us every day, yes?"
“Well, it’s been a long day, why don’t we order some pizza and watch a movie,” Steve suggested, getting a resounding holler of agreement from Clint, followed by the laughter of the others.
Phil hesitated. "Dean is….well trained. Their dad was a former marine and taught the boys well. He put a couple of his former foster parents into the hospital due to self defense." Phil paused and made sure he had the two men's attention as he continued. "It is my feeling that Dean only uses violence as a defense and would never harm someone that wasn't an active threat. I know you value my opinion so I do not give it lightly. If you fear for the safety of yourselves or your children I completely understand, but know that I believe he would never risk endangering any of the minors in your care."
She’s yours kid
As Tony disconnected them, Steve heard one of the men scoff softly and mutter under his breath: "fuckin fags."
Don’t worry about it
"No Dean, that may have been how it was before, but it's not going to be that way here." Dean tried to interrupt but Steve put up a hand, silencing him. "I know you don't trust us. And that's okay, we have to earn that, we know. But trust what you see. Can you do that?"
“Had trouble picking a religion?” Dean called out to Steve, still in the entryway.
“Is he okay?” Sam whispered nervously.
"It's okay, Papa!" Sam brought the man in for another hug. "Dean already made them! Dean's been making our lunches for almost all the time you've been gone!"
As always, morrismsteph is a wonderful human being!
Dean opened his mouth to argue again, but nothing came out. He struggled to find words for a moment before standing up and walking out of the room. Steve was seated in the waiting area reading a book as Dean stormed out.
This went on as the boys learnt rules about chores, homework and all other boring rules of the household. Dean zoned out as the two kept talking, aware that this was important, but running on such little sleep was starting to catch up.
“So, Thor, what’s up with your Log thing?” Dean asked the man currently poking the fire.
He’d fallen out of his own bed.
"Dean, have a seat." Steve gestured to the chairs Tony had rearranged to be in a circle of the room.
"Why, hello there, sticky monster," Steve chuckled, kissing the child's hair. "Why don't you get the wet wipes out? I have a feeling we're gonna need them after we eat."
Tony sat back against his chair. "Huh."
"I saw things I would never wish on anyone out there. Things I truly hope you will never see."
Loki dropped his head, twisting the ring slightly and watching the diamonds shine in the dim lights.
Dean shrugged. "If you were into women you would realize that she was hot."
Surprisingly, all of what Steve says about the character's religion is true!! Although there’s some debate on whether Natasha is Russian Orthodox versus Catholic, but in one issue she was going to confession which is a very Catholic thing to do, so I ran with it.
Stepping off the man's back, Natasha walked around and watched his eyes rolled up into his head and he slumped the final distance to the floor, wheezing and gasping until the body finally stopped twitching.
Tony watched his husband help push the hospital bed of his best friend off the plane, giving the man's hand a squeeze in farewell as they loaded him into another transport vehicle. Steve stood, staring longingly at the truck, but beamed a radiant smile when he saw his husband waiting a mere hundred yards away.
"I'm telling you, man, she's such a bitch."
Not one to disobey a direct order, that's exactly what Dean did. He had no idea what he was expecting, but seeing Steve stretching in an army shirt and loose shorts was not it.
The boy's head hung so low, his words were beginning to muffle. Steve ran a hand down Dean's back in an attempt to comfort his son.
"Dean, can you look at me, please?"
"Mr Wilson said you were married, but you're both men?" Sam had no idea that his question was so wildly inappropriate and simply looked to the men for the answer.
Steve took a bracing breath and squeezed Dean’s knee once before answering. “I was eighteen. I laid her to rest beside my father who died before I was born.”
The man didn’t comment on the hitch that developed in the teen’s breathing, or the fact that Dean held the soldier just a little bit tighter. The two stayed there, enveloped in each other, the stillness only broken when Steve would run a hand over the boy’s back or turn to kiss his head again.
Natasha watched out of the corner of her eye as Clint scooted further away from her and the man, just as she'd taught him. She smiled in satisfaction, blood staining her teeth. "I think I just did."
Head hung, Dean did as he was told.
Dr. Mills’ observation hit Dean hard. He knew that he had never even mentioned anything of the sort before.
The man shrugged. "What good could it have done? You were literally half a world away, I'm telling you now that we can do something abou—"
"Come on, I already told you I can hide bruises, I-I can clean and cook, I'm great at hiding pain-"
rang through her head.
Short chapter alert!! I swear, not all the chapters will be this short, lol. Thank you for all of the support and love I've gotten after posting the first chapter, it really motivates me to work harder and faster for all of you :)
Tears were beginning to form in the teen's eyes. He hadn't managed to protect Sam from anything after all. Everything he did was for nothing."Why didn't you say anything?" he asked, forcing down the lump in his throat.
"Clint? What's going on with Clint?" Steve's voice raised in concern. Nobody told him anything about Clint.
Dean looked at the man in confusion. "What?"
The teen huffed and flopped backwards onto the mattress, stifling a whimper at the subsequent pain in his head and side.
Dean scoffed in annoyance before replying once more.
Dean picked out the specific traumas that most likely happened to each kid. Sam just took the information in stride, not bothering to wonder where the behavior could've come from.
A nod. Dean was looking firmly on the ground by now, hunched in toward himself.
Dropping himself onto the couch heavily, he sat with his knee continually bouncing in residual anger. Or was it anxiety now?
"Hey champ. Can we come in?" Tony asked. Dean hesitated, and apparently Tony noticed. "Or we could talk somewhere else. How about we go to Steve's office?" He suggested. Dean nodded and slipped out of his room, following the men down the hall.
“Really? Caesar? No?” Tony searched his son’s face for any sign of recollection, then slumped on top of Steve, draping himself across his husband’s lap. “Sigh.”
"You're making him do something in exchange. Is that it?"
"Yeah. Classic ADHD signs. If he would stick with a therapist for long enough I'm sure he would've been diagnosed by now." The other man answered.
"Dessert hey? I bet that cream tasted amazing. Did you eat him out afterwards for his dessert?"
"I change my mind, strip and get over here," Tony said, making grabby hands.
“Dean, are you humming Metallica?” Sam asked him, pulling the music away from his brothers’ ear.
Steve nodded. “I-I guess I’ve been feeling a little stressed.”
“Bobby Singer? In South Dakota?”
Dean sat up and turned toward his brother. "Go the
“You should go get some ice and some wet cloths, to cool him down! I’ll sit with him until you get back, and then I can manage things from there.” At the man’s raised eyebrow, Sam upped his puppy dog eyes and infused his tone with earnestness. “I’m used to taking care of him, Steve. Really, I can handle this! I know what to do–you don’t have to worry about us!”
Steve took a step closer. "Bucky, it's me, it's Steve," he called out softly, just loud enough to be heard over the noise.
Dean read the messages again, not sure he had read the words properly the first time, before sending a message of his own.
"What's what about?" He snarked. God why was he doing this?!
"Our 'way of life'?" Bobby repeated. "And what do you think our 'way of life" is, Mr. Stark?"
Dean looked at the men with wide, innocent, and unbelieving eyes and squeezed Steve’s hand tightly, before shaking his head and clearing his throat. “Um, thanks. I–I’m still sorry,” he said, somewhat awkwardly into his empty plate, taking his hand away from Steve.
"What does that mean?" Steve asked.
"Hey! They're both masters of hiding things, put the two together and they're basically the pentagon!" Tony says defensively. "But I mean, I haven't heard any shouting or seen any bruises in the past couple days so….either there's hope or there's no hope. There is no third option."
“Yeah, just worried about me failing school now that I’ve officially missed a whole day of classes.
Dean watched the man leave, then inspected the address.
"Um, actually bud," Dean put the pan on a cool element and turned off the stove before crouching down to look Clint in the eye. "I haven't decided if I want to be adopted yet."
Clint groaned dramatically and made his way to the staircase. "You know we all have phones for a reason right?" he called out.
"Let me make sure I have this right." Steve started. "At first it was funny, then you couldn't stop and then you were in too deep. Is that correct?"
Smiling at his husband's antics, Steve climbed into their bed to lay next to the genius. "Your logic is flawed."
“So we’re the youngest?” Dean asked.
"You'll find everything you need to be safe already in place, and everything you need to
Dean rolled his eyes before answering. "Awesome. Saved a kitten, walked an old lady across the street and got nominated for a nobel prize." He snarked.
Bruce smiled. “It’s the thought that counts Dean.”
"I guess so! I mean we really won't know how this will effect him until we see a change or something, but I really hope this works." Steve grabbed Tony's hand. "I really want this to work."
"Tony–"
Clint's face absolutely lit up. "Really, Papa? Can we watch a scary movie?"
"I can't wait to show him everything! It's been so long since we saw him, and even at Dad's funeral we only talked for a little bit."
"Look at me," the man started, waiting until he was certain he held the teen's full attention. "Your father's death was
"In a minute, I'm busy!" The boy called back.
"If– if I decided to stay, you'd just leave again."
"You—you believe me?"
Steve took a long, bracing breath.
"Do you know how Dean got hurt a month ago?" Tony asked, not pleased with the evasive answers they were getting.
Steve waited for the small "Hello again, Papa."
Dean thought that the phrase 'if looks could kill' was created for the glare the other teen was currently sending him.
“No chick flick moments, Sammy. Gotta be manly somehow.”
Tony gave Dean a 'check yourself' look before answering his son. "A lot of men don't have the respect of women that you do Thor. Unfortunately they see women as an object that they can use instead of the people that they are. That's where that kind of talk comes from, from that place of thinking that they're better than someone else."
“Phil. Phil told you. That is so-I can’t believe he would-so irresponsible! Does he even realize-“
"Bartender gave me a lift. I told her you were my uncle, and she said you were looking into this place, so she dropped me off. And I'm not a kid, I'm almost an adult," Dean argued.
“Nothing. I don’t want anything.”
“Okay, sounds good,” the man replied. “You still have about twenty minutes before the kids leave, but you might want to get a move on. You don’t want to tear any of your stitches.”
"You called-for god's sak-Steve!" Tony finally spoke into the receiver. "I see Clint has recruited you?"
"I— you'd never believe me."
"No. I'll be fine." Sam crawled into bed and pulled the covers over himself. "Turn the light off, will you?"
Dean snorted slightly. "You don't say."
"Let's go with hope," Steve smiles. Just talking to his husband made him feel more at ease, more comfortable. "How about we sit the two of them down and make them talk?"
was the reason you had to leave, instead of telling him how they hurt you.” Steve reached for Dean’s hand as he spoke, expecting the flinch he received in response, but was happily surprised when the teen quickly recovered, his eyes flying open as he grabbed the soldier’s hand before it was out of reach. Steve beamed at the action, though a worried frown briefly shadowed his face at the heat still coming off the boy.
"Maybe?" Tony questioned.
“Then why are you still burning up?” Tony asked sarcastically, though a frown creased Steve’s forehead.
Steve froze.
"We took you in because you needed somewhere to go. As simple as that," Steve smiled. Dean was sitting stiffly, glancing both at Steve and at Tony's hand that held his. "I know it's hard to understand with what you've seen, but the world does have some good people in it, and we like to think we're some of them," the blond man wrapped his arm around Tony, creating the picture of a happy couple.
Natasha stared at him with steely resolve as he read the text.
(See the end of the chapter for
The boy shrugged. "I've been talking to Dr. Mills about you...nothing that you said in your sessions with her," he was quick to assure, "but more like, I'm trying to get to know you better through what you do and not what you say. You're not really the type to just say what's on his mind, Dean."
"No, no, as much as I love that beautiful mind, I'm not letting it go there," Steve interrupted. "I love you, and nothing Bucky could say would get me to feel anything other than that. Yes, Bucky is my best friend, he is my brother, Tony, but you are my husband. There is nothing either of you could say to get me to change my mind about the other. Heck, I'm worried about if you guys will hate the other and not tell me because you both love me too much to tell me."
“Sometime next week, that’s why we had to move up the adoption,” Tony answered. “Any other questions?”
The stench of alcohol permeated the walls and floors of the tiny house, and at night, it accompanied the sound of fists hitting flesh. Natasha held Clint close then, covering his ears and blocking out her own fear and helplessness that returned full force and tried to suffocate her while she cradled her brother. She didn't matter. Clint did.
"Calm down? Did you hear the same thing I did? Dean. Fourteen year old Dean. Sex instead of going to math! And that's another thing!" Tony whipped back to Dean. "You skipped class to do it! What the fuck were you thinking!"
It turned out that walking the streets covered in blood and grime and wearing next to no clothes with a five-year-old in tow makes for a lot of stares. Natasha ignored the looks as she pulled Clint across another street. Truth be told, she had no idea where she was going, she just needed to get out of the house that was her own personal hell for the past two years. She didn't see the places or people that they passed, everything moved together in a timeless blur of motion that came with the words creaming in her head:
Dean nodded and went to his backpack to retrieve one, while the man pulled an old receipt from his pocket.
Sam immediately wanted to sit beside Bruce and talk science, while Dean almost got sacked when he winked at Natasha. He sat far away from her at the table.
Hello again everyone! This is a moment that a lot of you have been waiting very patiently for: Bucky meets the kids!
Dean motioned for Loki to stop the boy, rolling his eyes when the other boy only muttered: "Thank the gods."
They didn't need words as they stood there holding each other, from time to time one would turn their head and press a kiss to wherever they could reach, but for the most part, they simply enjoyed the feel of each other's arms.
“And we don’t doubt that!” Tony interjected. “But is this how you want Sam to behave?”
“Just a letter,” he replied, carefully folding it back up.
Steve froze. "What?"
Tony smiled. "I love you too," he whispered, then pulled the man into a deep kiss.
“What do you think happened to Dean to make them think Dad and Papa could hurt us?” wondered Clint. “Do you think Dean’s okay?”
"Dean!" That was Sammy. Dean knew that scream no matter what and Sammy needed him.
The three were quiet as the adults waited for an answer.
Tony ran and was kneeling by Deans head. "Dean are you okay? Does anything hurt?"
"'Tasha says we're gonna make a home!" he smiled brightly, with all the joy an innocent child could muster.
