Jarvis actually smiled at that. "Since before he learned how to tie his own tie. You'd be hard pressed to find anyone who knows him better."
Tony grinned, his face lighting up. He didn't need to move much to shift closer to Steve again, so close that they were chest to chest. He clasped his hands together behind Steve's waist. "Then I'd say I'd be happy to indulge you."
"I'm glad to hear that. Welcome to Crabb Castle. My name is Lina, and I'm the mayor of this town," she introduced herself.
"I wish you could stay with me and never leave." There was a wistful undertone to Tony's voice, and he didn't need to say more for Steve to guess what was on his mind. Tony had exiled himself out here in the wilderness because he didn't think he could ever return to his old life. He also knew that Steve had all his duties as Captain America, and would only be able to visit this remote place every so often.
"Guys. We may have a problem," Tony suddenly called out, urgent.
"You would—" Tony began, then fell quiet again, his expression unreadable in the dusk.
"Didn't Pepper tell you?" Tony asked, glancing over Steve's shoulder.
"Five minutes," Natasha said through the comms. Steve supposed she must be using a subvocal mike, since she was right by Stane's side in the limo.
Tony turned towards Steve again, and shifted a little closer so he could place a hand on Steve's shoulder. "I know all of this is a lot to take in, and I'm sorry. I know I must seem like a stranger to you now, but I'm still me. If you want to talk, I'll be there for you. If there's anything you need, just ask."
It was a lovely idea that he could keep seeing Tony, but it was a complete fantasy, and he knew it. Even if this case somehow ended up resolved in a way that cleared Tony of all suspicions—which seemed extremely unlikely—any kind of actual relationship with him would be awkward at best, since the very foundation of it was built on false pretenses. Maybe, if Tony wasn't guilty, and if they only saw one another every now and then, and it stayed casual, there was a tiny chance they could make it work so that it'd be something they both enjoyed—but Steve could imagine far too many scenarios in which it would end in disaster.
"He said to expect a call from you, but I'll need to be sure you really are the right person. Where did you first meet him?" Jarvis asked.
"No more than you do," Natasha replied. "If I had to name my key suspect, I'd say Pepper Potts is probably involved, but that's a hunch, not something I have evidence for."
He'd failed everyone. He'd failed his team, and Peggy. He'd lost Bucky.
"Can I help?" Bucky tried, feeling frustrated just standing around.
Unsure what to expect, but cautiously hopeful, he follows the nurse to Tony's room. Even if what Steve has heard about Tony's recovery has been reassuring, seeing him is far less so. He seems to be sleeping, and with his eyes closed and his face as white as a sheet, he doesn't look so different from how he did in the hut. The assortment of tubes, wires and monitoring equipment works to underline that while he's no longer in the wilderness, he's not out of the woods yet.
Steve considered bringing up Maya's name as well, but that would link him to the fires and the events around Tony, and might make him suspicious. Better not. "You find who you're looking for yet?" he asked instead.
The revelation was like a physical weight landing on him, pressing him against the mattress. Breathing hard, Steve lowered the phone to his side and tried to unpack everything that this meant.
It was as close to a confession as anything, and Steve still couldn't bring himself to accept it. He tried to tell himself that he was talking to an arsonist and a murderer and that he shouldn't be feeling sympathetic, but he couldn't help it.
"This more like it?" Steve asked.
Steve had some nerve, expecting any gratitude from Tony.
"I hope Jarvis recorded that," Pepper said dryly. "So, I already took the liberty of looking up potential start-ups that we might be interested in, but I think I'll leave that conversation for when you're a little more sober."
"Stop scanning me. That's a breach of privacy," Tony snaps at the android, and backs away.
"If you describe the best-working democracy I've ever witnessed as oppression, I'm extremely curious to hear what your alternative would be," Stark replied skeptically.
He sipped his drink. It burned at his throat. As if he'd needed another reminder of Tony.
"Fuck, you have no idea," Tony breathed.
"Tony Stark," Natasha added.
Seren had been here far longer that he had. Again, due to the nature of their prison, she didn't know how long, exactly. Several months, at least. The Northerners had never even considered asking for her cooperation; they didn't think of dinosaurs as people at all. They'd captured her to experiment on her, to probe the strengths and weaknesses of her kind. Thankfully, they hadn't been doing that recently. She supposed they were between studies, undecided what to do with her next.
After waking up briefly, Tony had fallen asleep again, but Bucky could tell he was improving, from the color returning to his cheeks and the way his breathing sounded better than it had all night.
"Nick Fury," the man introduced himself. "It's an honor to meet you, Captain Rogers. Please, take a seat. Barton, make sure no one bothers us."
"Welcome back," Steve said, squeezing Tony's hand.
"It won't be the same without him. Or without you," Steve said, as earnest as only Captain America could be. There was a small smile playing on his lips as he eyed the intricate, vaguely Norse-looking pattern Thor had left on the lawn.
Finally, Steve sighed, letting his head droop, then straightened up again. "Fine. I'll stay with him a little longer, and see how it goes."
The sun has climbed high enough by now that all the valleys are bathed in warm light. Squinting against the brightness, Steve scans the landscape around him, turning around in a slow circle, searching for any sign of human presence: buildings or tents, sunlight reflected from a polished surface, or smoke from a campfire.
"We convinced them to fast-track the identity review because of his health situation, and it was a pretty unambiguous case once they started looking into it," Natasha explained. "A few simple medical scans prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that Tony's still in his original body. They could confirm the DNA and the neural structure, and Stane's pattern was obviously not a match. They found some inconsistencies in their files, too, hinting that they'd been tampered with."
Hoping with every cell in his frame and every bit of data in his mind that he wasn’t too late, Steve picked Tony up from the floor and hurried for the exit.
"You understand what I'm asking, right? It will hurt. I can sedate you first," Pepper said.
Tony made a breathy sound that was almost like a chuckle. "Sure you are."
Tony may have recently realized that Obie was putting the good of the company above what's good for the country or the world, but he never would have believed Obie capable of hiring someone to kill him.
Steve looked up, his eyes meeting Sam's, who was clearly curious, but had stayed to the side instead of trying to read the letter over his shoulder.
Tony let out a huff that somehow seemed frustrated and fond at the same time. "See what I have to put up with?"
Perhaps it was inevitable that any culture, no matter how peaceful and accepting, had its untouchable tenets. Be that as it may, Steve thought it sad that they would give Tony the cold shoulder just because his nature as an explorer had drawn him to the caves under the island—especially since the technology he'd discovered had been so beneficial. It had given him the means overcome his weak heart and to build a suit of armor that now enabled him to help everyone on the island as the mysterious Iron Man. Somewhat duplicitously, no one ever turned away the armored figure, even though it was visibly similar to the forbidden technology. Then again, most people thought it was a robot, not a metal-plated man who put his life at risk every time he chose to wear that suit.
Showing weakness wasn't something Steve did. He'd spent his life hiding it. First as a skinny, sickly young man who wanted to defend what he thought was right, then as Captain America, the perfect example of a patriotic soldier, an inspiration to all his fellow men on the battlefield. He'd always done his best to stand up for what he believed in, and to do that, he'd had to hold his ground, wearing a brave face even when he was full of fear or despair.
"I didn't realize what was going on, at first," Steve confessed. "When I did? I used to think I didn't want a soulmate, but I was curious. I wanted to get to know you better and see if anything could come out of it. You made it very clear you didn't, though. Then I got those test results that said I had no match, and I thought I'd been wrong about the whole thing."
They stepped through to the Vault, and Bucky heard Stark swear under his breath as he took in the view around them.
Together, they stepped inside. The single room of the cabin was cozier than the shabby exterior had suggested. There was a kitchenette by one wall, with a table just big enough for two nearby. On the opposite wall was a fireplace, surrounded by a rocking chair and a pair of leather armchairs. At the back, a spiral staircase climbed up to a loft, where Steve could spot a double bed. The sheepskin rug in front of the hearth, the chestnut-brown curtains on the windows, and the matching cushions on the chairs made the place look less ascetic than it otherwise might have. A few paintings depicting landscapes and animals decorated the walls. Nothing about the place reminded Steve of Tony's townhouse, and he guessed Tony hadn't furnished it himself, but it was a nice little place. He could imagine staying here and feeling at home.
There were shouts of "Run!" and "Let's get the hell out of here!" from amidst the thugs, and they hurried to their cars. The Kingpin didn't try to stop them, instead following the group. The slower men had doors slammed in their faces, and then all three cars sped away, tires screeching.
Finally, after a trip that felt much longer than the five hundred meters Pepper had described, they came to a halt in front of a door with a bio-ID lock. Pepper faced it, and the door slid open right away, revealing a room more brightly lit than any of the spaces they had traversed.
"Please, hold on," she said. "Just until someone arrives. Maybe they can help you."
Then, one day, at some early hour when Steve was alone with Tony, Natasha walked into the room.
He walked over and looked into the room beyond. It was as white and featureless as everything else here except for the bloodstains on the floor and the walls, some of them older and dried, others standing out bright red. There was a person sitting in the far right corner, knees pulled up, facing away from the door. His unclothed back was covered in bruises and bleeding whip marks, and the white hair and outline of the naked body were clearly Tony's.
He got a good view of the street below long before his feet hit it, and what he saw took him by surprise. The way he remembered the street levels, there had always been lots of people. Too many, considering the amount of food and other resources that they'd had. Not anymore, it seemed. On the strip of Broadway beneath him, he counted a total of twenty people going about their business. Instead of the usual rows lining the street, there were only three stalls.
Whatever this android was like when it lived, it is no more.
Hammer and his troupe had hit the floor on the other side of the table, though one of his assistants hadn't been as lucky as everyone else: Noa was lying on the ground curled up on his side, a growing pool of blood on the floor beneath him.
By the time Steve had made his gently teasing way down to below Tony's waist, and straightened up to shift to a better position on the edge of the chaise, Tony was as hard as Steve had ever seen him—definitely saying something about how sensitive his new body currently was. He moved both hands to rest on top of Tony's hip bones, and Tony canted his hips, seeking friction where there was none, and letting out a frustrated moan. Steve imagined it wouldn't take much to push him over the edge. He was awfully tempted to wrap his fingers around that brand new and yet familiar cock to find out if it felt the same, or to lick and suck on the tip of it, with this mouth that hadn't touched it yet, but he thought it was a little too soon for that. Besides, he wanted to see how far he could get without touching it.
"Of course," Tony said, planting both hands on Steve's shoulders, then setting out to explore the ridges of muscles on his chest, the edges of his firm pecs and the defined abs. For Steve's tastes, the frame was almost too buff—he prefered slightly leaner builds, more like Tony's body than what Steve had. Tony seemed to be loving it, though, if the rapt expression on his face was anything to go by. He took one nipple between thumb and forefinger and gave it a light squeeze
Tony crossed his arms, his eyes going from Steve to Rhodey and Pepper. "You haven’t told him yet?"
"They're all great stories, and true, too, but none of them answer your question," Tony said, his voice soft and somber. "The one that does, well, that isn't a good story at all." He fell silent, as if waiting for Steve to react.
He crossed the floor to look out of the windows, and Steve followed him. Standing next to Tony, Steve was the shorter one of them. It had nearly always been the other way around in the past, and this felt strange, but he would get used to it, just like he'd get used to lacking the strength to lift Tony off the floor on a whim. What he had now was much better: a clone created from his original genome instead of some designer fake that bore his face. It made him feel at home.
Bucky would've been lying if he'd said that he wasn't concerned about Stark. It had been over three days, and Stark hadn't been in perfect health to start with; he'd be feeling absolutely awful by now.
"So, I'm thinking," Tony said, his tone hesitant, his eyes on the tie except for the occasional glance at Steve's face. "Like I've said, things are really complicated for me right now, and I've got to try and do something about that. I'm not sure how it'll go, or how long it'll take. But, you know, in case I actually, eventually get out of this mess, is there any chance we could meet again?"
"Shh, it's okay," a soft female voice said in a thick accent Bucky couldn't place, and a gentle hand landed on his less-painful shoulder. "Go back to sleep. You need time to heal."
"No," Stane said, and put his hand to his jacket.
"If you're sure," the Mayor said, not looking entirely convinced. "Perhaps we'll sleep over this and reconsider the situation tomorrow."
"Was it a really buff, handsome guy who's in serious need of a shave?" he checks.
It's the middle of the night, but Steve is waiting for him, sitting on the top step. Of course he is; androids don't sleep. His LED is yellow again, almost as if it had stayed that way the whole time Tony was away, but that's not possible. Tony's sure Steve would've overheated and shut down if it had.
He sat down next to Tony, still keeping his own slacks on. "Lie down," he said, a hand very lightly on Tony's shoulder to reinforce the words; a request rather than a command.
So, yeah, Tony probably drank more than was good for him. Sometimes, he tried to cut back on it. It usually didn't last very long. That often had to do with his second addiction.
Steve was going to try and ask more about Tony's work, just in case he'd end up getting some garbled version of recent events, when they were interrupted by a short, rat-faced man in a suit that fit better than Steve's. He stopped next to Tony and placed a skinny hand on Tony's shoulder.
"But you never meant to," Steve said. It wasn't even a question.
In the background, the card-playing party seemed to have noticed what was going on. They were cheering the person in the reptilian frame and shouting contrived insults like "Go back to your roof garden, high-riser" and "No matter how high you live, your elevator won't go all the way to the top," and laughing loudly at each other's attempts at wit.
Steve presses his forehead against his knees. Tony won't be thinking about him, he tells himself. Or if he is, it's just to wish that Steve is feeling miserable.
Steve licks his lips—a very human-looking gesture, as is the way his eyes stay half-lidded before he seems to shake off the daze, focusing on Tony again. "Bright and warm," he concludes. For the first time during the entire conversation, his LED settles on a relaxed blue.
Partial matches were a known thing: there were a handful of scientific articles concerning people whose genetic markers weren't identical, but close, with just a few mismatched nucleotides here and there. Occasionally, this could lead to a milder version of the synchronization phenotype. Sometimes, it was asymmetrical. Maybe that was the explanation.
The door wasn't locked. As he opened it and stepped into the dimly lit space beyond, he found himself wishing he'd brought a gun. He hadn't. He didn't walk around packing heat. Not anymore, now that the war was over. He'd seen enough shooting and killing to last a lifetime. Whatever was going on here, today, he was going to sort it out using his wits and his words.
Outside of the time Steve spent by Tony's bedside, helping him pass the time, he mostly hid in the room he'd been given, trying to lay low. He wasn't supposed to be in the country at all, let alone with the Avengers. Among the people who knew him, it was a bit of an open secret that he was staying at the complex. He had several conversations with Rhodes, most of them feeling like variations on a shovel talk, as well as Vision, who apologized that he had been elsewhere and unable to help when Tony had performed his unfortunate experiment.
He needed some way to convince Tony that he was real, and that the reality outside wasn't as hopeless as Tony believed it to be.
"Take a guess," Tony said, and turned his back towards Steve, his chin down, so that the back of his neck was fully visible. It was covered in old scarring. "I can't."
He'd not talked to Tony on the phone before. Now that he had, it'd felt like something was missing. Tony's voice had been perfectly audible, the connection flawlessly clear, and yet, it had been as if there was usually more depth to his voice, something Steve had grown used to during face-to-face conversations that had been lacking. Something beyond the lack of his vivid facial expressions and gestures.
In hindsight, he should've suspected this right away. He'd guessed James had to be a recent arrival, and he knew how rarely people from the outside world ended up on the island. Years could pass without a single newcomer. It just hadn't crossed his mind that Steve's brother in arms might be working for the Northerners, and since Steve had repeatedly referred to Bucky as a kid and the little brother he'd never had, Tony had imagined him to look younger. Besides, Steve had never mentioned Bucky's full name—talking about him had been so painful to Steve that they had mostly avoided it—and Bucky wasn't the most obvious nickname for someone called James.
He ignores the voice at the back of his mind that wonders if it was irresponsible to leave Steve on his own. Steve has plenty of outdoor survival experience. Besides, it's Steve's fault they're here in the first place. His welfare shouldn't be Tony's problem.
Next on the agenda is breakfast. He's made his camp close to a small lake, and he's hoping to catch some fish, because that's the easiest source of calories he can think of out here.
Natasha climbed down to join them soon after that. It was good that she did, since the next group of Northerners, probably alerted by the scout team's absence, was larger: six men and women armed with knives and primitive pistols. The noise from the battle that followed was sure to draw in even more enemies.
"But you couldn't possibly—" Tony protested. "Not you, of all people!"
Tony grimaced to himself. On the most pacifist island in the entire world, of course he'd somehow manage to end up catching the eye of the local villains. He didn't even know what he'd done to make them want him—he'd been careful not to get Iron Man involved in the skirmishes with the Northerners.
“I can get there myself, thanks,” Tony grumbled. He tried to shift away from Steve, but that was clearly the last straw, breaking his façade so that he groaned aloud, his face twisted into a grimace, and his hand went to his injured ribs. “Ow. Okay. Fine. You win.”
He would find out as soon as he could. He'd find his friends, and together, they'd find this mysterious enemy.
Hammer must've realized that Steve was right as well, because suddenly, all the noise died out, leaving them in a silence broken only by shaky breathing and the sound of distant traffic beyond shattered windows.
“Absolutely,” Steve said, and patted him on the shoulder. “Thank you, Bruce. So, how long did you say until he wakes up?”
"Not really, no," Steve agreed, keeping his tone as light as Tony's. The excited energy between them was palpable; his heart was hammering against his ribs, and whether that was because Tony had been nervous or Steve was growing more so by the second, he couldn't tell. Not that it even mattered, the way their moods were merging together now that they allowed it.
It took two more days until the docs allowed Tony to return to recuperate in his own quarters. Steve suspected it might've been longer in most other circumstances, but since the distance from his hospital room to his own room amounted to a few floors, Tony could easily return for whatever follow-up tests they wanted to run. Steve couldn't blame the doctors for being cautious. What'd landed Tony in the med bay was entirely unprecedented, after all.
Steve took a deep breath, still undecided on how to place his words. His exhalation came with a faint puff of mist. He crossed his arms, tucking his bare hands in his armpits.
Later, when their flight trajectory had settled to something smoother and the voices speaking around him were no longer as urgent, he blinked his eyes open again. Rhodey was still at the controls. Since Steve was lying on his side over both back seats, Pepper was sitting on the floor next to him, crammed in the space between the back and front seats.
"Wasn't going to. How did you get this number?" Steve demanded.
"It's not a very fair guessing game," Steve agreed. "Especially since there isn't a right answer. Sure, I've been hired muscle, but also a bunch of other things. Courier. Handyman. Odd jobs."
"What am I looking at? A modified thirium pump regulator? But clearly there's more than that going on here. Why would you—" Kamski mumbles, his fingers tracing the scarred skin around the edges of the device. He falls quiet for a moment, then stops, glancing up at Tony. "Am I making you nervous?"
"And did you get a location yet?" Steve asked, leaning over the table, literally on the edge of his seat.
Steve wasn't even sure if this was a purely social occasion, or if business negotiations were supposed to be part of the meeting. Through the three courses, none of the talk sounded particularly official. Steve only took part in it when someone addressed him directly, and exchanged some pleasantries with Nina, the assistant sitting across from him. Pepper seemed to be having a more lively conversation with Noa, only occasionally casting a glance at Tony. The few times her eyes met Steve's, the look she gave was weary, like she wasn't enjoying this any more than Steve was.
"I know the place and the people. I'll be perfectly safe, and I'll be more efficient when I don't need to worry about any of you standing out in the crowd," Natasha said, as convincingly level-headed as always.
The hour was fairly early for hanging out at a shady bar, and there were only around ten people in the room, in addition to the lone bartender. The crowd was varied enough that Steve didn't particularly stand out. Preferring to keep it that way, he first approached the bar. As he did, his eyes landed on the man sitting on one of the bar stools. The unexpected, very familiar-looking man.
He missed Steve so, so much; it was an ache deeper than any other, a hollowness within the heavy weight of his failing heart. As grateful as he was that Seren was with him, he would've given anything to have Steve here instead—but perhaps it was for the best that Steve didn't have to see this.
Natasha shook her head. "No, and he doesn't know I'm here. Or that you are, for that matter. I know you've got a lot of questions. Come with us, and you might get answers to some of them."
Tony sat up, his movements slow and cautious, and approached Steve on all fours over the mattresses and blankets. "You're at my place, Downstairs, and you're safe here. Remember?"
"I just wish they could see you the way I do," Steve said. He stepped closer to Tony, blocking his view of the window, and pulled him into a tender kiss. He tried to memorize everything about it; the softness of Tony's lips contrasting with the scratch of his beard and moustache, the scent of his skin, the weight of his nose pressed against Steve's. All of that, and his unending excitement at the fact that if someone caught them at it, no one would mind seeing two men kissing.
A moment later, the newcomer joined them in the parlor. She was a beautiful red-headed woman, around Steve's age, smartly dressed in a dark brown pant suit. "Well, there's a VIP if I ever saw one. Pepper Potts," she introduced herself to Steve, who stood up to shake her hand. Although she was smiling, she seemed reserved, sizing him up with her eyes. "I thought Tony'd be around. We were supposed to talk about the draft over brunch," she added to Jarvis.
"That the bullet grazed your shoulder. You eventually drove away the bandits, but you had only one spare tire, so you had to abandon the Jeep. In the end, you still found some interesting ruins, even though most of the treasure had been pillaged long ago. He definitely didn't mention you getting shot in the chest. I think he would've remembered that."
"You're not making me any less concerned, you know," Steve complained.
The exchange seemed to stretch on for a long time, although in reality, it couldn't have been more than a few minutes. In the end, the huge dinosaur bowed its head slightly and snarled, then backed away, disappearing into the greenery.
It was a stroke of luck that Bucky happened to be watching at the exact moment when Stark's eyes closed and he started listing precariously to one side.
"Okay, yeah, that's probably true," Tony said, with a deep, steadying sigh. "Maybe we should get on with it, then."
Although Steve hadn't heard of the Kingpin before, it was easy to guess that Tony must be referring to the mob boss the thugs had refused to name, the one who'd backed up Maya Hansen's expedition. That was already a useful piece of information. He did his best not to let it show that it'd meant something to him. With Tony's touch scorching at the back of his neck, a distracted look on his face would probably pass for shock anyway. He wondered if Tony's fingers might leave red marks or even blisters behind. It was unnatural. It had to be that amulet at work, somehow.
"Yes. I'm getting you out of here, but we have to hurry," she insisted, her hand tugging at Steve's.
"What happened?" he asked.
“Nope,” he replied. “I’ve got to say, out of everything we’ve seen in the multiverse, this really takes the cake.”
The message stopped, leaving them staring at a freeze-frame of a smirking Stane standing in front of Tony's still form.
Steve realized he had been quiet for a moment, except for a few low hums of pleasure, maybe not giving the right idea of how much he was enjoying this. He'd never been particularly vocal or loud in bed. "Yeah, just like that," he coaxed. "Exactly like that. Don't stop."
Steve shrank away, one arm covering his face. Steve, who was never afraid of anything, looking as if he'd rather be anywhere else in the world. Tony gave him the space he seemed to need, shifting as far as he could in the small space, keeping his hands to himself.
The trousers—and the boxers, which must be silk and which Steve very quickly drops in the pile with everything else—are easy enough to get rid of, but the upper half is a challenge. The thin, waterlogged jacket clings to Tony's arms, and the many fiddly buttons of his dress shirt give Steve so much trouble, he ends up tearing off several of them.
Steve followed close behind her, and they broke the surface together. Maya grabbed hold of one of the pillars of the pier, gasping and spluttering for breath. He saw her expression turn to confusion when she caught sight of him. She'd probably expected Tony to be the one who'd rescued her. Treading water, Steve glanced over his shoulder to where he'd last seen Tony. It was difficult to make sense of the scene there, because the water seemed to be teeming with struggling figures. Still, Tony was impossible to miss: he was glowing, with flames dancing on his skin, bright lights in the dusk.
"Unsavory, as in, possibly criminal? Connected to the mob?" Steve suggested. He'd been expecting something like that, based on what Pepper had said.
"We fought, like a crude mockery of a fencing duel, his terrifying blade clashing with my machete. But he was a big man, much stronger than me, and I was no match for him. He managed to knock my weapon out of my hand, leaving me defenseless, and pushed me onto my back. The last thing I knew was him chanting in a language I couldn't recognize as he drove the blade right through my heart."
"This frame I'm in," Steve said, eyes still closed. "It wasn't Stane's idea either, was it?"
It only took a few more minutes after that for them to make their way to the dungeon and fetch Stark from his cell.
He started guiding Steve through the test exercises. If Steve hadn't done this dozens and dozens of times, he might've found it silly; the test battery resembled some crude dance choreography, with moves like running in place, stretching out his arms, touching his nose and reaching for his toes. Randall's checklist was slightly different from what Steve was used to, but he still fell into the routine without needing to actively focus on it.
He took off Tony's socks, too, so he could hold one foot between his hands. He kissed the top of it to give himself an excuse for a closer look. Tony's feet were warm, like the rest of him, and not at all sweaty. His sole was as soft as a baby's under Steve's fingers. Not what he would've expected from someone who'd recently returned from a month-long expedition into the jungle that must've included a fair amount of trekking over rugged terrain.
"Steve, please. Just go and let me sleep," Tony commands, making it unambiguous.
"I think they were aiming for 'intimidating' with the design. This included." Steve took his cock in hand, feeling the texture that wasn't quite like human skin, its surface ever so slightly too cool and powdery under his equally not-quite-right fingers.
Stark didn't switch languages when he answered, making Bucky realize that he was probably doing this to include the dinosaur in the conversation. "Once I start the timer," Stark explained, every few words cut off by a gulp of air, "we'll have around five minutes."
Besides, it could still turn out that Tony wasn't the culprit, after all, and it was all a web of lies and misunderstandings that Tony was attempting to sort out.
"I upgraded him. Ultron is a little less stuck-up," Tony said.
Even though his ears were ringing, he could hear the dinosaurs' distressed roars. He also felt the rumble of their heavy footfalls as they backed away, skirting past him.
"And you built the repulsor pump as you lay bleeding out, with a knife sticking out of your chest? Because you've always said you made it yourself," Steve reminded him.
"What are you talking about?"
The bumbling teen greeted, oblivious to all else. edwin bent to help steve back to his feet.
it makes you feel alive
"Uh, um, tony I'm gonna go grab a capartment before all the good ones are taken. See ya on the train."
steve turned to bucky then, who eyed him warily.
He nudged Edwin, and the butler blushed remembering his very public failed attempt at asking out his wife in 5th year. Maria took a moment to bask in her own smugness before turning back to Tony, who was still eyeing the other child as if he was a viper.
bucky pushed away the hug after a while,muttering about hating hugs, while tony cracked another joke, and soon they were like old best friends, as if the fight never happened
"So what are you gonna do for revenge?"
maria and edwin held it together for all of 5 seconds before they started laughing uproariously. maria hugged the two kids tight, eliciting a squeak from steve, and a growl from tony. letting them go she got up,applying some sort of resin.
letter home: year 4
i am sorry okay! i had to prove myself able for handling the workload, and you were always busy goofing off, so maybe i just didn't think you would be interested in going with me!
& maria were grinning like foxes with sarah at the three
he's been taking every class to go on a student exchange program so he can get rid of us! because he liked paris so much!
edwin frowns.tony and bucky are talking in low tones, making plans for the summer. steve is wringing his hands, off to the side and down the station a bit with his parents. casting looks to the two boys, his eyes suspiciously glassy.
"Can't even wait" The blondie nodded. Maria couldn't help but notice that he was clutching the hand Tony kissed to chest, his cheeks a bright pink.
"Hey Tony."
And there he was, hand in hand with a familiar little blonde. Tony jumped into her arms, which meant steve also jumped into her arms. she fell over on impact, edwin laughing, and, wait, was that a camera in the bastard's hands? where had he been hiding that?
later, tony stumbles upon them. his brain goes haywire, astonishingly for a genius of his calibre
she didn't yell, but she used what tony called her 'mommy voice.'
"Hello, my name is Anthony Stark,but call me Tony. It's nice to meet you."
they have this whole year craft tournament and balls for the people all year long! and these people from other schools have come here.
Maya appeared in his line of sight, and Tony tried to tell her to run, to get her to find help, but the pain was so intense he couldn’t form the right words. Which meant he barely felt it when the needle slid in. Before he could react, (shove her away, call for JARVIS, do something fucking
Well, if wishes were fishes. He would deal with that later. Right now, he tried to recall everything Natasha and Clint had taught him about getting out of zip ties. Unfortunately, they all revolved around his hands being tied
“Perhaps you should visit the workshop and see for yourself, sir.”
Natasha walked in, and Tony felt instant companionship with her, knowing at least he wasn’t the only one tightly wound. Tony wasn’t sure what Clint said to Natasha that day they had found out about Coulson, but it appeared that the archer somehow convinced her from going after the Not Dead Agent. The next morning, she was at breakfast — quiet and surly, but there. The little crack learning about Coulson’s status caused was still there, but the team held together. Tony had to figure that counted for something. They’d upped their searching on Hydra, dove more thoroughly into their searches on the Shield agents, and somehow kept themselves a unit, instead of breaking under the pressure that kept piling on top of them.
At her snort, he huffed out a laugh and amended his words. “Well, I’m banged all to hell, but it could be worse, so I’ll take it.”
“This wouldn’t be a problem, if you hadn’t freaking meddled!”
. The reactor…”
Rat bastard.
Growling, Tony picked his gloves back up, intent to go back on working on the suits. He needed to be more prepared. Way more prepared. “Is someone going to do something about that guy?”
. Ha. He knew Rogers hadn’t hated all of his music. And honestly, who didn’t like Queen?
“You’re welcome,” Steve said again. “I’ll see you later for I Love Lucy night.”
“Barton, get out of my spot!”
“I’m alright.”
“It was me,” he said slowly, holding out his hands, and then letting them drop. “Oh, god. It was me.”
Still avoiding his eyes, Steve reached out, and snapped the first zip tie off. Biting down hard on his lip, Tony did all he could to stop from letting out a whimper. God, that was hot. That should not have been hot, this was not an appropriate time for his hormones to go insane, but come on. Shakily drawing in air, Tony willed himself not to get hard as Steve leaned over to work on the other zip tie. He gulped as Steve carefully worked around his bandaged wrist, then pressed his lips together, reminding himself that Steve was not his, they were just friends. His body needed to get a clue, even though his body was full of desperate and aching want.
“I remember Happy from Switzerland, Tony. I’m sorry he was hurt. He was nice.”
And now…
“Alright,” Tony said, pouring two fingers of scotch. “Explain.”
“My best friend,” Steve said quietly. “He died in the war. Right in front of me. And when Loki said his name, it was like I was that sixteen-year-old kid from Brooklyn again. I froze. I knew it was a lie, I knew he was trying to distract me. But I still froze. And Loki got away.” Looking away from them, Steve let out a small sigh. “I’m sorry. I froze and let him go.”
part of his file pretty fucking heavily. Only Rhodey and Pepper knew the true details of that portion of the night. Coulson and Nat had probably guessed — Stane had to have gotten a reactor to power Iron Monger somehow— but they’d never asked, and he’d never told.
“We’ve gotten nowhere the last seven months, Nat, this will—”
“Yeah, you are. You snapped at Thor for eating the last PopTart. I mean, it’s
“No, you’re a biological DNA coder running a team of forty out of a privately-funded think tank,” Tony snapped, because he’d looked that up, too. “Your boss got a name?”
His favorite flight attendant — Heather, the one he’d known for years and who always made sure his coffee was hot and strong the way he loved — was the first to get sucked out.
“Can’t help what, Steve?” Tony asked gently.
“Then we’ll go get them,” she said firmly. “In the meantime, there’s been another Mandarin message.”
Uh oh.
And yet. Some small part of his brain that was still working knew it wasn’t real, this small, brief gift. Steve didn’t feel the way about Tony that Tony felt about Steve. So feeling like a small part of him was dying, Tony placed his hands on Steve’s arms, preparing to pull back, and step away.
Furious this guy was getting the best of him, Tony shoved Bulldozer away. Holding both arms out, he fired blast after blast, and didn’t let up until Bulldozer was finally down. He was likely to have more injuries than Steve wanted, but he was alive.
Natasha’s gaze hardened. “The truth is a matter of circumstances. It’s not all things, to all people, all the time. And neither am I.”
Steve, with his adorable floppy hair, and perfect grin, and wide shoulders. With his super strength that he could use to overpower anyone he wanted at anytime, but he never, never took advantage of. Although really, Tony mused, lowering the glass, he’d be just fine with the super solider using it against him anytime he wanted. An image of Steve manhandling him, lifting Tony up and holding him against the wall, to use as he pleased —  covering Tony with that hard body,
“I don’t know,” Steve said heavily.
“And how long have I been here?”
“You are the best, the world does not value you enough. There should be more monuments and statues built of you, we should shout your good deeds daily,” Tony babbled, making grabby hands at the bag.
“Gentlemen,” he said, putting his hands in his pockets and strolling over, a wicked grin in place. “Having a good evening?”
Seeing Steve so happy made it easy to choke down his unrequited love (denial was not just a river in Egypt, Tony was the
“Yeah,” he said tiredly, rubbing his hand over his face. “It’s been a long week. But thanks for filling me in. Let me know how it goes tomorrow, okay?”
, Tony,” he said with a small shake of his head. “If we were able to prove their existence after only a few months, I think I might feel worse that no one else caught on yet. At least by really having to dig and search for them, we know that they hid themselves well.”
“Oh yeah, like I’m gonna be the one to stick my neck in it.” Shaking his head, Clint kicked Tony’s foot again. “Good luck, Stark.”
Sighing, Rhodey extended an arm to Pepper. “I think we’re needing to be somewhere else right now. You interested in getting dessert, Pepper?”
“What?” Tony nearly leapt to his feet, but remained seated when Natasha put her hands on her hips again and glared at him. “Sorry, sorry, I’ll sit. It’s just…
Steve looked at him for a long minute. His blazing blue eyes seemed to be reading into Tony’s soul, and Tony shifted in his chair, uncomfortable as hell. His soul wasn’t anything someone should be digging around in. It wasn’t a pretty place.
“Uh. No?”
“You do?”
It worked, but wasn’t enough. The bomb exploded before the plane had been given time to get far enough away, and clipped the right wing. With a terrible noise that drowned out even the engines, the plane spun, dovetailing rapidly, knocking everyone off balance. Even Tony clattered against the wall, unable to stay upright, and he cursed up a blue streak, trying to right himself.
“It’s
Ugh. Why did everyone always nag at him to get some sleep, and then when he slept nagged at him to wake up?
“If it’s bothering you, it’s not silly.”
Which Tony completely ignored, but at least he headed to the workshop feeling like the world was a bit brighter.
” he said, holding his hands out and landing on the floor with a thunk. “Maybe we can work a few things out, huh?”
“Oh, that’s great, we’ll start that up tonight. Nothing will ever top the wine-making episode, that was one of TVs best moments. That or Vitameatavegamin.”
“Tell me someone’s at home. I need a lift.”
have taken the hovering thing a bit too far the day or two. There wasn’t much time that Tony didn’t spend close to Steve, keeping an eye on him, just in case. Contrary to what Bruce kept insisting, they didn’t know that Steve would heal just fine thanks to the serum, so someone had to take his recovery seriously.
Queen blared in the background, and Tony couldn’t help but smile as Steve expanded the image and zoomed in, tapping his foot int time to the beat of
“I just…I can’t help but wonder…what if Loki wasn’t lying?” Steve asked in a rush, his eyes bright. “Tony, what if he wasn’t lying when he told me Bucky was alive? What if he was telling the truth?”
A red haze clouded Tony’s vision while nausea churned in his gut. Human experimentation?
And at some point, he still had a shit load of green energy prototypes to get to his R&D department. Not to mention more suits to build.
God fucking
“What? I’m a cat person,” Tony shrugged.
He would have been more impressed than mad if he wasn’t sporting a horrendous headache, a burnt wrist, and stuck in a room that reminded him far too much of the cave. It was a basement of some sort, with too few windows, a bad smell, and definitely not where he wanted to be.
Steve planted his hands on his hips and cocked his head. “What are you talking about? Nobody handed you your ass. Killian and his army fought dirty, Tony. And you did pretty well on your own. I saw the destruction you’d caused at their mansion. Not to mention that if you hadn’t escaped your captors long enough to call JARVIS, we never would have figured out where you were or connected the Mandarin and Killian to take them out.”
“Oh,” said Tony, catching on. Oh shit, oh fuck. Maybe he hadn’t been as subtle as he’d thought. Clearly Nat had caught on to Tony’s crush and was setting him up, trying to play matchmaker with a silly kissing game. It would have been funny, if Steve didn’t look like a fish on the hook, and Tony wasn’t taking that personally, he really wasn’t.
So Steve and JARVIS continued to try and find out more on Hydra. They’d narrowed down a few worldly events that could have been caused by the group, and were now looking hard at the current agents of Shield, trying to decide who could be trusted. Coulson had been clean. Maria Hill also appeared to be legit, which made Tony feel somewhat better. He’d liked her no-nonsense attitude and ability to cut through bullshit.
Also, Rhodey. I love Rhodey so much <3
Tony wiped his mouth with his sleeve and barked out a laugh. “You will soon.”
“I thought I was watching you die.”
Taking his weight, Thor steered him back to the workshop. “Stark, you need to sit down. In truth, Captain, I do not know why Loki would do such a thing. But have no fear. We will figure out my brother’s scheme. But first we must get Stark checked over by his JARVIS.”
“Hello!” he said, to Alex in a super bright voice, because he had no idea what the hell else to do.
Steve’s lips twitched. “Is that what you play in the workshop?”
Not liking that at all, Tony hissed out a breath. “We’ll figure it out, Natasha. We’ll stop them.”
“Aye,” agreed Thor. “It would be no fault of yours if Loki played a dirty trick, Captain.”
The plane shook and dropped, so quickly the air masks popped out of the overhead and dropped down. Stomach leaping into his throat, Tony scrambled to his feet, as the the plane steadied out, then dropped again.
Clint’s eyes snapped back open. “If Phil hasn’t let us know about his status, he has a reason. He never let us down, before. Never. So if he needs us to back off, and trust him now…”
“Oh.” Tony had a brief moment of panic, wondering what the fuck they were actually going to talk about, when the elevator opened to his office. Deciding that they were close enough to his desk, he opened the foil and bit into the burrito.
I know a lot of people have thoughts about Pepper, but I always kinda liked her! Hopefully I did their breakup justice.
Then he tapped his fingers on the table, wondering what the hell he was going to do until JARVIS let him back into his files.
succeeded? Jesus Christ. What the fuck had happened to the botanist he knew?  “Let me guess. You never fixed the glitch that caused the plant to explode. Now people are going boom.”
“I….plead the fifth,” Tony said. At the curious glean that popped into her eyes, he decided it was way past time to change the subject and said, “Hey, weren’t you just gone for a bit? What was up with that? Find anything useful?”
“I trust you, Stark.” She said it simply, so simply that if he hadn’t known better, he would have sworn it was the truth.
“Great!” he said brightly, and called on every ounce of energy he had, somehow getting them to the cabin that did indeed await them a few feet up ahead.
“Indeed, Stark, you are right. Sit down, Captain, there is no need to feel shamed at requiring medical attention. In Asgard, being taken care of after such a mighty battle is all part of the process. One of my favorites, if I’m being honest. There are some very kind healers and then it is always followed by extravagant celebrations and toasts.” Grinning Thor nudged Steve onto a stool, and went to the little fridge to the side where Tony stored ice packs. “So sit, Captain, and we shall heal and feast and revel.”
, that he trusted her about as far as he could throw her. But so much had changed since Loki, Tony realized, as he stared into her steady green eyes. Right after the battle he knew he trusted her completely, and it was that certainty that calmed him as she stood there, waiting patiently for his answer. That he
“Broke up and are somehow running a company together?”
“Of course.” Her lips pursed together for a moment, and then she said, “Is everything okay?”
The plane shuddered again and Tony shook his head, then zoomed through the cabin up to the cockpit where the flight attendants and Steve were huddled. Alright, he’d get to whoever the hell was fucking with his plane and then figure out what was —
“Yeah, okay.” Pinching the bridge of his nose, he took a few deep breaths. He’d put Pepper in charge of the company because he knew he could trust her. She’d do what she thought was best, and it would be the right thing. “Thanks, Pep. We’ll handle it.”
What the… “Yeah, that was before a norse god attacked and could come back and destroy us all in the blink of an eye. Threat is
But as if could read Tony’s mind, Steve said, “This isn’t your fault, Tony. You might be right, it could have been a scheduled relocation. They might move constantly to keep off Shield’s radar.” He sighed, running his hands back through his hair. “I just wish we could have gotten a bit more, though. It feels like we’re back at zero. Like we’ve gotten nothing.”
“Tony!”
In his ear, Steve sputtered. “Tony, don’t say that!”
Studying him, Natasha pressed her lips together. Then said, “I’m listening.”
really find J that fascinating?
“Putting their feet to the fire. Increasing the pressure,” he said, when she frowned. “Let me keep it up, get in their faces more. Eventually, it’s going to piss off whoever is in charge that we’ve been trying to ferret out. They’ll try to retaliate, but eventually make a mistake.”
“Brucie-bear!” he shouted. “Come in, sit, we’re about to watch a movie.” Shoving at Barton’s feet, Tony budged over more to make enough room for Bruce. Refusing to get up, Clint merely held his feet high until Bruce sat down, then plopped his legs back across them. “Jesus, Barton, can you sit like a regular person? We haven’t reached the cuddling portion of team bonding yet.”
And if it was better lined with protection than his previous one, and could stop weapons from tearing into Steve’s body (enhanced or not, Tony knew that shit had to hurt) no one but him would be the wiser.
“J? You up, buddy?”
“Let me know when it drops under forty,” Tony instructed, and charged into the madness.
the food is delicious,but WHY DOESN'T IT HAVE CHEESEBURGERS A CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY get a lawyer ready for me im going to sue the school and-
the guy blushed before rolling his eyes, and hitting tony in the arm.
"he's a liar!"
Letter Home: Year 3
tony and bucky were silent for a moment. then as if the glint in their eyes proved anything, they just showed their applications stating they were going on the program too, all in all with steve
"hey edwin."
"Your friend, was given the privilege and responsibility of taking on a full course load,of learning a further type of arts, and you two ditched him because you think he wants to leave you? have you even asked him? "
he was glad he listened to mom and edwin ,years ago
"Friends!!!!????"
He bowed to the group, solemnly. The woman and the young boy looked startled at the little messy haired boy in front of them.
Nervous excitement radiated off him, the boy couldn't stand still, bouncing up and down in the balls of his feet. Edwin and Happy both chuckled at the site. His black hair a familiar mess, and big brown doe eyes bright. It tugged at her heart, every time she looked at that face. Her baby boy,the sunshine of her life,whom she saw growing up from being a ickle little baby who couldn't even speak to her to creating chaos all day long,going away from her on the scarlet train,11 months a year .She'd ache for holding him into her arms again.
"I never got to see him. he was always in the art wall, or with his head in a book. he never had time for me-us I mean.and how does he even think we would not come on the program with him? he told us he thinks we won't like to come on the best thing ever, going on a program with no homework and all experience, maybe me building bots and bucky further learning different types of tunes on the piano
"wait, did you say you had to go to the bathroom?"
hey butler and hogan and mom look who I found!"
"EDWIN!" maria admonished him.
that's all he needed
he's just like steve,lovable and small
The train whistle blew, and there was a flurry of hugs and goodbyes. this time, tony had all sorts of weird stuff in his bag, so steve picked up Tony's extra stuff for him, earning him a kiss on the cheek, which he merely rolled his eyes at,but he was blushing red like a tomato. and with a quick flash,edwin caught it all on camera.
train station: beginning of Year 3
They were both on his lap, both babbling, and maria was confused.
"i gotta go! my dadda has come,and waiting with moms, we are going straight to the airport. but i'm gonna miss you so much! and thank you for the travel journal , I'm going to use it daily. paris is going to be so much fun, but not as much fun without you of course,mischief partner. i'll write you every day, and send you lots of pictures. I wish you could come, I'm gonna miss you all summer. I'll be sure to send you lots of treats and souvenirs.-"
and tony just smiles, and steve feels like he's at home, right with tony
Edwin,Happy & Maria shared a smile before nodding to their young charge.
"You mean the blondie boy?"
edwin nearly doubled over this time around, at the site of the two both turning red from the tips of the ears, down to their necks. studiously looking anywhere but at each other. edwin surreptitiously took another photo of the adorable duo. maria meanwhile,now seperated their hands. they both sighed in relief and massaged at their hands vigorously.
The freckled boy made a hasty retreat then. tony cut his eyes to his butler, friend, uncle , edwin merely shrugged before turning back to Steve. They spoke of his trip to Paris, and the photos that he had sent back to tony. Soon enough the train whistle was blowing, and there was a flurry of movement. steve excused himself to go grab his things, and say a final goodbye to his mum.
"Thats mr butler jarvis to you,mr barnes."
Soon enough it was time to board the train, Tony came running to hug over herself, and steve stowed his trunk before came back to say goodbye. Sarah hugged & kissed Steve on the cheek,to which he made annoying noises,but smiled and said goodbye, tears in his eyes, which only made them look even bigger. Maria felt sorry for the population of the school. When ever he learned to weaponize those big vibrant blues, he doubted any of them would be able to say no.
"thanks! hey edwin, this is my friend james rhodes,aka rhodey. he's a git who teams up with natasha ,the redhead ,all year,not to leave out,pepper too. horde of redheads he carries everywhere with him,doesn't he.git"
"Language tony!"
i met some more people on the train.the ride was fun,but the most funny moment was when i bought some sweets and steve made an act of lending it to me and ate some of them all to his own.like wow i met someone who causes mischief like me . yay! i even claimed dads old bed. the one you told me about, right next to the window. the building is like a castle,and is so big! And the main art all passed through at school, you should have seen steve's face! He was looking as if world's best lottery landed in front of him. Oh yeah, he got into my dormitory as well. I met 3 people in my dormitory,james 1 aka james rhodes and james 2 aka james bucky barnes. seems this bucky has been friends with steve before.no worries,i coincidentally swapped rhodey's and his bags,so he sleeps in the corner and steve sleeps b/w my bed and rhodey's .haven't sneaked into the girl's rooms,but i would soon.
tony's eyes got big, a bit worried at that proclamation.
His voice squeaked out, as Tony nodded.
"oh and you better write back promptly. if you don't I'll start joining the twins and pranking you the next year, and i've got nasty ones in mind mister."
"Well if it isn't the prettiest little blonde in all of London."
!his date to the ball is margaret carter!someone ,who he never has known, someone who he never saw before this ridiculous ball! she is too old for him! and her hands were all over him, it wasn't proper, even if margaret assured me steve is just a friend to her!sure,like i believe those lies! and why was he blushing like a idiot in love!
bucky glanced over at steve down the way, who quickly looked away.
"Tony." edwin nudged him "Go help steve with his trunk."
"Yes, friends. Believe me, it's better to learn to talk to now, rather than later. Right Edwin?"Happy who was quiet during the whole exchange,suddenly spoke up
He turned to me,Edwin and Happy, letting know how much he enjoyed meeting us. Then went back to the train,waiting on the stairs for Tony ,who was busy in his antics to impress Sarah,who was giggling madly.She noticed and ushered tony and tony went & hugged happy and edwin.
"Quiet."
edwin narrowed his eyes at the gangly boy.
"He looks nervous. This gotta be a big change for him too, huh?"
edwin grinned in delight, happy nearly choked, while tony knowingly glanced at his friend,as if this happened the whole year in repeat. the look on his face the definition of 'i told you so'. bucky sputtered, his cheeks a deep beat red, as steve turned to tony giving him one last bone crushing hug, before turning to rhodey,and bucky, and giving them quick hugs as well.
Tony's cheeks turned red as a tomato, His eyes getting comically large.
"Those little shits!-"
"hey tony, you forgot your tie in the train."
3 years later, year 7
she had a call from her pa, and she had to go, so she signalled edwin to take care of tony
The boy rolled his eyes.
love is more than a feeling
Maria would always remember the first time she got his first good look of the boy. Big vibrant blue doe eyes, like the ocean. He was tiny, with an oval face, and a riot of blond little curls, chubby cheeks, and small front teeth,with a curious look in his eyes,wandering about the world around him. In a word, adorable.
love and miss you lots!tell happy i sneaked off his cheeseburgers again!
"keep getting him out of trouble this summer. i better not come back to find bucky with any schemes,or his annoying dad memes"
"Now what did I tell you about all that 'mr' business. how many times do I have to tell you to call me edwin, huh prince?"
And with that, she nudged her son towards the duo,edwin & happy following close behind, they watched as tony hesitantly approached the strangers.
the little blonde haired boy, stomped his foot,as if he were the leader of the entire military of the nation. tony stood slightly behind him, miming to bucky to stop being the same,insufferable comment master
Tony's nose un-scrunched, and he looked at the boy curiously. Maria stood back up and watched as Tony gave the group a good once over. He had always had a good sense about him. Soon enough, the boys eyes softened, and his shoulders sagged a bit. The trio watched as everything clicked into place for the boy.
you know tony, i am in love with you, you annoying genius
"bucky barnes , if you continue to talk about the bloody sports tournament i will rip your bollocks off! i was there for merlin's sake, i don't need a rehash of it every other bloody day."
By the way, can you send some chocolate, and by some, I mean a butt load. steve is taking every class! don't ask me how, i have no idea. it's driving bucky spare though, and he's been bugging steve like crazy. I don't think he is getting enough sleep either, and he looks a bit pale, and his voice is getting very shrill! so yes, please send chocolate, immediately. (his favorite are the little squares filled with sea salt caramel and nuts)
"super sticky glue I think-"
dormitory #12
Maria nodded. Edwin made eye contact with Happy, knowing they were thinking the same thing. Both remembering the sight of a tiny, teary eyed, brunette girl staring at the train in trepidation. It was an old memory, a bittersweet one.
"Quite a clever way to get past the restriction for art making materials-"
he hasn't stopped talking,happy! tony whispered in panic. you owe me big time now,edwin!! edwin chuckled with happy & ruffled his hair. "trust me,you will thank me someday,tony" he said with a smile
"you will keep your comments to yourself when talking to me, or so help me, I will tell your mother about those dirty magazines i know are hidden in your trunk!"
i was going to tell that to steve but bucky and rhodey beat me to it and they both are in the infirmary. bucky is also currently having stitches for accusing steve with *fraternizing with the enemy*
"Oh trust me, I have a few ideas."
First message home: year 1
steve just kisses him,and tony is dumbstruck for the second time in the day
"did everyone forget about me,the coolest punk of your avengers club"
the kids were talking a mile a minute.
"He looks the same age as Anthony"
maria turned from happy to see tony with steve piggy backing him, big smiles on both their faces as they giggled up at him. A flash to his right had him nearly jumping out of his skin. edwin and that damn camera of his that he kept hidden the gods knows where.
"Those bastards-"
"Yes the boy,i think he's of your age."
the two ended up laughing, and started talking excitedly about their summer plans and getting together for a game of cards. they were interrupted by a loudly shrieked 'tony', right before the boy was tackled to the ground by a blonde.
"Hey Guys!"
"I had to go to the bathroom!-"
with a huff of frustration tony looked at steve, handing him the reins with a slight nod of his head. edwin and maria shared a quick eyebrow raise before looking back at the two.steve, with a dreadfully adorable determined look on his face held up their clasped hands.
"It's always polite to help a friend out, you know that."
edwin nearly choked at steve's language, as tony smiled lazily.
train station: end of year 2
"I-I didn't look."
Edwin and Happy couldn't help but laugh at the alarm in his voice. Maria stared at them like they were aliens.
hey to edwin and happy,since i know mom wouldn't be there(business work with howard)
steve was too dumbfounded to say anything. he just teared up and hugged his friends
edwin looked up as a gangling brown haired boy came running up.
maria wasn't bouncing up and down in imitation of her young son,but inside she was super anxious. she couldn't help it though, this was the longest she had ever been separated from her son. So she waited, impatiently, at the familiar site of the scarlet train pulling into the station, steam billowing, brakes screeching. It seemed like it took ages for the kids to finally start disembarking.
"Mostly dumb luck. I heard you calling out and came looking for you. I'd already found my way to a cabin, and there was a local man camping nearby who had a phone, so we were able to contact the rescue services," Steve summarizes. It feels like all that happened ages ago, even though it hasn't even been a full day yet.
"Pepper?" he asked, risking another quick look.
Tony hooked his foot around Steve's ankle. "I wasn't expecting to see you again either, and I regretted that. I swear I'm usually not this forward. It's just, things are a little complicated for me right now, and I don't know what the future will bring, so I'd like to make the best of this, while we can," he explained, speaking with more intensity than he had so far. "If you want to."
"Of course I do, Cap! Give me a few minutes, I'll get you a list," she promised, her expression lighting up.
As they ate, the others started filling Steve in on what they'd done so far and what their current plan was. It turned out to be far more complicated than Steve had expected—he hadn't really appreciated all the details that they'd have to take into account.
"Good. What I'm telling you mustn't leave this room," she went on. "We never had this conversation."
"You deserve as much, you really do, but I don't want to talk about it over the phone. Can we meet tonight?" Maya asked. "I promise I'll answer all your questions then."
He sits there in silence for a moment, watching the still figure of the android bathed in that undulating orange light, feeling the equally sluggish beat of his own damaged heart. His chest hurts constantly, these days; a brighter, sharper pain around the rim of the electromagnet buried in the center of it, and a deep ache beneath, as if he can feel the shrapnel inching closer.
"Stay there, I'll help you up right away," Steve told her.
Occasionally, Tony stopped, asking if Steve wanted to talk. He didn't.
Steve had to restrain himself not to rush that way instantly. That would most likely be pointless. Almost an hour had passed since then; the mysterious burning man might be miles away by now, especially if he could move faster than a normal person.
"I love you too," Steve said softly, running his hand up and down Tony's back.
Tony let go of Steve's neck, moving both hands to Steve's shoulders. Steve could feel the heat radiating from them through the three layers of fabric he was wearing, but it was distant compared to that of Tony's mouth against his. It was almost unpleasant, but not quite, like stepping from a cold room into a bathtub full of steaming water. It was no chaste kiss, either; Tony opened his lips and sucked them tight against Steve's, his tongue flicking out. It felt warmer than it should, too.
Her reaction to seeing Tony shirtless, with the thirium reactor in full view, is even more shocked than Tony expected, which is saying a lot, since Tony knew she'd freak out.
Sam's not used to seeing Tony like this. He's been a huge fan of the Avengers and he's admired Tony's engineering genius for a long time. Tony's not just the brains of the team; he's the one who'll take the scariest of situations with a nonchalant joke and a cheeky grin, and then build his way around it in some way no one else could come up with.
That, he hadn't been expecting. He found himself inordinately annoyed that he'd been so easy to spy on. "How?" he asked again.
The Mayor reached over the table to pat Bucky's good shoulder. "I consider myself a good judge of character, and I like what I've seen about you. Now, let's get started with the next part of this operation. Go find Brock, and the two of you bring Stark to the Vault. I need to explain to him why he's here."
"We were making a run for it. I was on Pearly-eye's back with Bucky. Then nothing. Is Steve here?" Tony looked around, squinting against the blinding sun. He saw many people and dinosaurs spread out amidst the rocky surroundings: his friends and his fellow captives.
"I told you, I haven't got the slightest. He left the room in flames and ran away like the coward he is," the man answered, and spat again. "I'm telling you, Stark's really pissed off the boss. He's gonna get what's coming to him, sooner or later. No matter what magic tricks he knows."
The office was in yet another university building, and unsurprisingly, Maya wasn't there, as Steve heard from a colleague of hers that he ran into in the otherwise quiet corridor. The man looked like the stereotypical scholar to Steve, with his glasses, graying hair, and well-worn woolen sweater vest. "Dr. Harris," he introduced himself. "A big admirer of yours, Captain, by the way. Maya hasn't been around very much recently. Last I talked to her must've been, hm, four days ago?"
"Screw you, Steve," he tells the quiet wilderness around him.
Sometimes he felt like a hypocrite and wondered what his teenage self, with all his big thoughts about justice and equality, would think of him now.
"It looks to me like you've already got that covered on your own," Steve noted, with a vague nod towards their isolated surroundings.
He mapped every square inch of his small wooden prison, searching for weak points or any tools he could use to break out, although he knew his chances of a successful escape here were close to nil. The jungle had offered countless opportunities to hide, but the Northern Plains were a wide expanse of grass and rock with almost no cover. Whenever he saw his captors, he tried to strike up conversations, but they came to nothing. Most of the Northerners clearly didn't like him at all. The only one who seemed at all curious was the metal-armed young man, who he'd learned was called James, but even he was wary and kept his answers to Tony's questions brief.
The sound of a door opening and closing pulled him out of his introspection with a startled jump. Then, there were soft footsteps approaching him.
Randall looked away and blinked, and the wall closest to Steve turned from clouds to a mirror surface.
Steve sits down next to him. "Tony. You're injured." His fingers trace the edges of a bruise on Tony's forehead. "Let me take a look? I'm certified for field first-aid."
As for himself, Steve drove home to regroup and consider his next steps. It seemed obvious which of his two options he should pick for tonight. He wasn't sure there'd be anyone around at the university in the evening. He didn't even know which specific faculty or department Maya Hansen worked at, so he'd first need to contact someone who could tell him that, and office hours were already over. It sounded like something he'd have more luck with in the morning. Whereas for the shady dealings of Suave Simon and his accomplices, they'd be more likely to be around in the evening.
The inside of the warehouse was mostly empty, with a few dust-coated crates here and there—and several dark figures who stepped out of the shadows to surround him as soon as the door had closed behind his back.
"Well, yes. He would've, and you're right, that is what actually happened," Tony admitted sheepishly. "I'm just too used to not telling the true story to anyone, since what happened isn't exactly one of my proudest moments."
“I wasn’t going to let you get injured!” Tony exclaimed. “You’re too important to the team. And to me.” He hadn’t meant to actually say the last part aloud, but there it was. Too late to take it back.
Bucky disappeared from sight.
"Nick Fury, NYPD," he announced, flashing his holographic badge. "Obadiah Stane, I'm placing you under arrest on suspicion of stealing the identity and frame of Anthony E. Stark."
"No, there was someone with you," she says.
"Steve, I'm really tired," Tony says. "Whatever it is, it can wait."
"I'll tell you when you're back in frame space yourself," Steve said.
The fireman shook his head. "I'm afraid it's just a matter of declaring him dead and carrying him to the morgue. Poor guy. I've seen my share of burn victims over the years, but this—there was something not right about the whole thing. I don't know what the hell happened here."
Now that they'd admitted it and were beginning to accept it, the fact that they were a match felt natural and familiar. Still, there was excitement in it, too. Like being around a crush. There was another long conversation there, waiting to happen, but having it in a hospital room wouldn't feel right.
When Tony finally speaks up again, it's nothing Steve could've anticipated. "Back there, after you'd found me," he begins, slowly and thoughtfully, "did you say something like this, too?"
"Steve, oh fuck, that's—" Tony's hand tensed in Steve's hold, and then went slack, slipping out of Steve's mouth.
The first of the two men was just reaching for the handle of the door leading to the alley, the second one close behind him. Steve pushed aside the second man, slamming him into the wall, and managed to grab the first one by the jacket before he could open the door. The second man recovered quickly and started to raise a pistol, but Steve used his free hand to knock it aside so fast that the man dropped it, his eyes going comically wide in shock. When he tried to retreat instead, Steve hooked a foot around his ankle, making him stumble. The first man, whose jacket Steve was still holding, was attempting to wriggle away. Steve yanked on it forcefully and ducked next to the second man, bringing them both down with him.
is his instant, panicked thought, which he quickly corrects to
For a passing second, he considered if he might've been mistaken, and that this was, in fact, not Tony, but some unlikely lookalike, but he couldn't bring himself to believe that. He was certain he'd seen this very same face yesterday, covered in soot, in the middle of that burned ruin not too far from here. It was definitely, unmistakably Tony, down to the crinkles at the corners of his eyes when he smiled. His voice was exactly right, too. Steve couldn't believe any doppelganger could catch it that perfectly.
"You just wait and see," Steve said.
"God, Steve. Don't thank me for doing the bare minimum and not being an asshole for once in my life," Tony groans, trying to pull back his hand. "This doesn't change what I've already done."
Steve wasn't angry anymore, and he'd made up his mind without the shadow of a doubt.
"I'll want to ask you more questions later," Steve told Tony before leaving him to the rescue personnel. "I'm investigating another fire that took place earlier this week, and there's a chance this one might be connected."
"You've known him a long time, then?"
Bruce straightened up in his seat, taking his glasses off and rubbing at his eyes.
"Of course. You take care of Tony." She squeezed his shoulder in support before walking over to where Sam stood.
"A little, sure. In the name of science," Tony said. "I have a plan, you see. Stay there."
"And what do you think would've happened to my precursor if you'd managed to repair him?" Steve presses on.
The nurse who shows up seconds later does support a northern location. She's a perfect specimen of Scandinavian beauty: tall, blonde, and blue-eyed. She greets him in slightly accented English. "Good morning, Mr. Stark. How are you feeling?"
"Yeah, I know how that goes," Tony said. The dim lights and the reflected colors from the hologram behind him made him look even more washed-out than he had earlier, the dark circles under his eyes pronounced.
"What makes this time different? If there's anything you can tell me, that'd be very helpful." Steve leaned towards her, looking into her eyes, his coffee forgotten for the moment.
"Are we doing this again?" Steve growled. They'd had similar conversations before, and out of the many times he'd come very close to punching Howard in the face, these were some of the closest. "You're saying that couples that don't match on some mystical level are inferior. Well, chances are that soulmates aren't even real and this is all in their heads. Maybe there isn't that one perfect match for anyone. Even if there is, that doesn't make them better than the rest."
He tries to keep an eye out for potential shelter as he goes. The lack of trees complicates things—as does the fact that he left the parachute with Tony, so he has no materials to work with except what he can find around him. Not that he's in desperate need for shelter; his uniform is sufficient for most weather conditions.
Iron Man placed his now bare hands back on Steve's shoulders. It was exactly the kind of comforting human touch he'd craved. This wordless understanding between them was one of the things that made his friendship with Iron Man so special to him.
The situation would be slightly better if he ran out of charge instead of dying of thirst, because then, the sunstone wouldn't do anything unless the Northerners happened to take it under the sun to replenish it. He knew he wouldn't, though—he could only last days without water, while the sunstone's charge would last for several more weeks, at minimum. The last time he'd charged it had been before he and Steve had started hiking up the Forbidden Mountains. He didn't actually know how long that gave him, since he had no power gauge and had never tested the limits of his virtually infinite power source. He had no idea what would happen once he started to run low. Normally, finding sunlight was never a problem. In the perpetual gloom of his windowless cell, it would be. Luckily, he wouldn't need it for a good while yet.
Steve had been ready to pull off his cowl and confess everything, but now, the biting hatred on Tony's face and the fact that he hadn't, even for one second, considered that Steve might've in fact been Captain America, gave him cold feet.
"Steve! Wait!" Natalie shouted after him.
"If you ask me, you'd still be better off knowing for sure," Pepper insisted. "If it turns out you're wrong, you'll save yourself a lot of grief. If you're right, well, you can't know for sure how he'll take it. You might be surprised. Besides, having a match doesn't mean you have to do anything about it. Plenty of pincs never get romantically involved and become good friends instead. Some decide they're too different and not right for one another and go on with their lives."
Steve caught hold of Tony's fingers, lacing them with his own. "You already know more than most people. I'd love to teach you the rest."
"Feeling better?" he asks, placing a hand on Tony's shoulder.
Tony doesn't have the energy to argue, but he definitely doesn't want to be carried. He's still got some dignity left.
"I'm right here, and I'm not going anywhere," Steve said, sliding his hand to Tony's back and pulling him closer.
When the guilt gets really bad, he can't even distract himself with the armor, because he's only around to tinker with the armor thanks to the damn android.
He told Tony the whole story, starting with their hurried drive to the destroyed workshop and then to the secondary hideout, meeting Rhodey and hearing that Tony had been taken, and the risky plan Steve had come up with. Tony's expression grew more and more incredulous as Steve described how he'd walked into Stark Tower and met Stane, but he stayed uncharacteristically quiet until Steve got to the part where Stane tried to have the drones restrain him, only to be interrupted by the NYPD.
The man shook his head. "I'm afraid he's just left."
He shook his head at Steve. "There's an equally good change that I did. And whether I did or not, that fire would've been contained faster if I hadn't made it worse. Even if Jan said she doesn't blame me, I still caused her plenty of grief." He sighed, leaning against the car seat. "Not to mention all those people who got hurt. I can spend the rest of my life rebuilding the houses I destroyed, but that won't heal anyone's burns, let alone bring back the dead."
Sleep took some time to come, both because the day had left his mind reeling, and because of the lingering anxiety that might or might not be radiating from Tony. Maybe it was all Steve's.
They head home towards the Tower at top speed, through one of Thor's wind tunnels. Natasha takes the helm, with Hulk and Clint staying out of the way while Sam and Tony see to Steve.
********************
Natasha's eyes had gone straight to the map, and she walked closer to the able to inspect it. She ran a finger along the coastline, stopping on each of the larger Northern towns in turn. "I'm not convinced this is up to date," she commented.
This was not how Steve had expected the evening to end.
With that, Steve turns around and walks away.
Steve couldn't imagine what it'd be like, living in the public eye like Tony did. Of course, it wasn't as if Tony had chosen the part. Being the son of Howard Stark, chief advisor and financial backer of SHIELD, might've made him a local celebrity. Being the heir to Howard's company, the grandiosely named Stark Interplanetary, made him one of the most eligible bachelors on any of the inhabited worlds, from the tiniest asteroid mining colonies to the cave cities on Mars.
Tapio doesn't seem too pleased, letting out a huff as he looks up at Steve again. "Well. What is it?"
The next thing Steve grabbed was a piece of corrugated iron, with a sharp edge that left scrapes on his gloves. He wrenched it aside. There was no one lying under it, either.
The way Obie catches him as his knees fold and helps him to the couch is nothing but gentle, and there are the soothing words coming out of his mouth. Tony can barely hear them over the rush of blood in his ears; the betrayal that takes his breath away even if the paralysis doesn't.
Tony turned his head so that the light of his headlamp illuminated Steve's legs, which of course didn't look any different than they had before. "You're not playing it down for me, are you?"
"James, I'm begging you, and that's not something I do often," he insisted, his clear blue eyes glimmering with despair. "I need your help. I don't have long left."
"We will always do our best to help anyone who's willing to join us in the fight," she said. "And that's why you are here today."
Suddenly, like the final piece of a puzzle falling into place, Steve realized what might be going on. He dropped the phone on the nightstand with a clatter and sat down on his bed so heavily, both the springs and the floor creaked in protest.
"The victims of the fire at Miss Hansen's house also fit the description of common thugs," Steve said. He had no reason not to tell Pepper the details; by now, he was convinced she wasn't involved in the fires herself. "I've been trying to find out more about them, but so far, I don't have much."
“Wait. Them? You mean there’s more than one?” Steve groaned, looking around, half expecting an entire horde of spindly little Tonys to crawl out of the woodwork like some kind of pests.
Tony might still be alive, even now, Steve reminded himself. They hadn't found a body. He could be buried underneath, somewhere, barely clinging on to life.
"You just nod your head, or you can hold your hand out if you want to show favor."
"Where is steve?"
it's of all types
now he's picking out chunks of ice cream to lay on steve's face so he has a valid reason to lick off ice cream,(off steve's face, of course) and steve is red, and steve loves tony
sorry, gotta cut this letter short. these pair of twins, the odinson twins, told everyone that the curfew place was cursed. And now some barmy red bint named natasha keeps trying to cut a piece of steve's hair off to attach it in her weird scary stuff charm.
"Yeah, I thought so. Mum told me the scarlet train we're going in has sweets along the way,which is not good for us, but I think it's wicked cool. Would you like to be friends? I could show you around ."
tony rolled his eyes while letting his friend down off his back. steve blushed prettily before puffing his chest up and proudly commanding "i am not little blonde,mr jarvis"
train station: end of year 3
tony stared the ground, not meeting his mom's eyes, a frown on his face as he replied.
you & me have it to ourselves
The audience watched in fascination as Steve held out his hand hesitantly, and Tony took it in his own hand, bowing over it, and kissing it before letting go.
steve gave a hi-fi to edwin and happy,before darting off.
the large paw that mawled me in the start of the year is now my favorite pet for ever!
happy suddenly announced his presence by fake coughing, as edwin chuckled. "Trust me boy, you will thank me someday."
bucky barnes came running up to the two, Bumping into his childhood best friend, sending him falling on his bum.
And all the girls and guys are going round the bend because there is to be some sort of dance, and foreign boys with accents. thank the gods atleast steve has his head on straight and priorities right. i wouldn't be able to stand it if he kept talking about dates and stuff like these others crazy birds.LIKE BUCKY AND RHODEY ARE ACTING! they're already having their dates, bucky is taking natalia, how even i don't know her stare would kill a person if possible, and rhodey has taken pepper.again with the redheads, why am i stuck with friends who always betray me to redheads
“Yeah, Clint’s filling Nat in. Tony, I think we found a Hydra base.”
Her attack was quick and brutal. Less than a minute later both men were unconscious on the floor, and Nat was tilting her head, lifting an eyebrow at him. “Fought your way out of a cave with a box of scraps, but you can’t get free from zip ties?”
“I think you might be a little too optimistic about this, Tony,” Bruce said.
“Right.” Snapping out of it, Tony hurtled the suit out of the hole, grateful he never went anywhere without it, and scanned the skies for the tumbling attendants. “J, how many can I carry?”
It might have made him hurry to the other end of the pool for a bit until he could get ahold of himself, but it had definitely provided an image that he would never regret: Steve, laughing and carefree and beautiful, surrounded by moonlight and the ocean.
ass. Of course I looked,” Tony said, and Steve looked utterly scandalized for a moment, before throwing his head back and laughing. “So come on, come on. Hop up over here, let JARVIS take your measurements. I’m making you a better uniform.”
, why are you making such a big deal out of this?”
He didn’t have to mull over it long. As soon as he stepped out of the elevators and into the newly renovated communal floor, he saw Steve standing at the window, shivering. A canvas was set up nearby, but it appeared to have been written off, and Tony wondered if the sketchbook that had been thrown on the couch had also been vanquished for the night — Steve was clearly not in a creative mood. Though he was across the room, Tony caught the absolute misery in his eyes, and the way they glistened in the lights.
“Why?”
“Mind leaving that on?” he asked her. She jumped, clearly not aware he had still been sitting there, and he felt slightly bad, so he explained, “Downton Abbey. That’s his show. He thinks it’s elegant.” How many times had Happy rambled on about Mary and Matthew Crawley while driving Tony around? Taking a breath, pushing it down, Tony added, “One more thing. Make sure everyone wears their badges. He’s a stickler for that sort of thing, plus my guys won’t let them in without them.”
He had to.
“I…uh. I…” Tony’s mind completely blanked, leaving him gaping at Steve. “Thanks?”
“No.”
“Do not worry, Stark, we’ll patch you up,” Thor said, stepping back. “You and the Captain will be ready for revels soon enough.”
like the burns that are oozing out of your side!”
“But—”
“Which is why I need you. Help me fix it. You got me started, in 1999. Help me end it, now.”
Natasha blinked slowly. “You want to use yourself as bait.”
Yanking at the zip ties, Tony snapped, “Or you could get me outta here! Come on. You used to have morals, you used to help people. Cut me loose, help me end this.”
Rolling his eyes, Tony picked up a screwdriver and fidgeted with it, trying to get his thoughts sorted before saying anything further. While he did, Steve took a tentative step forward and asked, “So what now?”
“I wish she never got dragged into the Mandarin mess, though,” Tony admitted. “My being Iron Man was already hard on her, it was part of why we broke up. Then AIM kidnapped her. It’s a shock she hasn’t wiped her hands of me completely.”
“Oh. Well.” Leaning back, Steve studied Tony. “I suppose so. It was a lot, at first, but once I moved in with the team, it got a lot better. Why do you ask?”
“Oh. Sure,” Tony said, blinking. “Well. I’m gonna head to bed now. Night, Steve.”
“Which I am very grateful to you for,” Tony said, smiling brightly, and wishing he could go lie down. “Keep up the good work! Ta!” Hurrying out (he would not admit it was a run, not in a million years), Tony quickly left the conference room and hustled out into the lobby.
Getting closer to Coulson’s image, Natasha stared deeply at it, jaw clenched tight. “Or, we’re assuming the wrong thing regarding Fury’s allegiance,” she murmured.
“No can do, Hansen, I’ve gotta get to Pepper, I’ve gotta…” He stopped short when the stairwell opened, and a guy with blonde hair and orange eyes stared at him. As Tony stared back, his skin glowed, in a freaky, rippling way, as if fire threatened to burst free.
“Hey!” First Clint, now his honey bear? “Wasn’t the only one kidnapped this time, sour patch.”
happening, Tony held still, completely baffled that Steve hadn’t turned away and fled yet. Instead Steve bent a little further, their noses touching briefly before Steve went all in and pressed his lips gently to Tony’s.
“It’s silly.”
“I came back because I was worried about my friend,” Steve said slowly.
“No, no, don’t bother Bruce. Is it…what is it?”
“Steve.”
He recently learned what that was like while he watched the nuke destroy the mother ship. Wasn’t something he’d wish on anyone.
Footsteps shuffled, and then there was another kick to Tony’s chair. “Alright, we’re in the clear. You can sit up now.”
Whoops.
“Uh huh. I trust you can see yourself out without causing too much trouble.”
“I’m okay, Tony.”
“I—“ he started, but before he could say more, Pepper was back, looking a little frantic.
He’d have to take a look at J’s coding later. Clearly something was off.
“It wasn’t a joke, Tony. He was completely serious.”
him — flashed through Tony’s mind, making his mouth water and his dick twitch. And well, alright, good to know that was in the game too, it wasn’t just his heart and emotions on the line here. He had the whole packing deal going on.
“The man that offered a friendship to Banner, no hesitations or strings attached whatsoever,” she continued. “The one who didn’t hesitate when it came to saving New York, in knowing what he had to do.”
, how could you have thrown away your shield?”
They were on the plane ride home when Tony got the courage to ask about something he’d wondered about for a while. “Hey, Steve?”
“My code does not allow me to make such judgmental observations, sir.”
“That’s what we’re gonna do!” he said, ignoring the way sweat beaded on his forehead at JARVIS’s words. “Come on, Jasper, grab your monkey!” Tony shouted, and Jasper reached his hand out…
Until the day they learned about Coulson.
Also, we are gearing up to head into IM3 territory! I know some people aren't super fond of it, but I have a bit of a soft-spot for it...
“Watch a friend die.” Steve shuddered as he said it, nostrils flaring as his big frame shook. “Not if I could do something to help.”
“You didn’t have to leave your mission,” Tony pointed out. “Nat and Thor and Bruce could have handled it. Plus, I’ve been known to get myself un-kidnapped a time or two. You all just showed up before I had enough time to do so on my own this time around.”
Somehow he managed to make it through the meeting. He listened to Nat lay out the plan — Steve and Clint would spend a few more days surveilling the area, to try and gather as many details as they could. Then they would come back, and decide on the next steps. The potential of it, the enormity of knowing they might have all they needed to fully expose Hydra, resounded in him like lightning while he sat on his bed and stared out at the night sky twinkling across from him. They weren’t any closer to finding Loki (the bastard), or finding anything on Barnes, but they were close to sniffing out Hydra. It was good. Great, even. He should be excited, or at least participating in movie night with those on the team that were still there.
“Wanna watch a movie?” Tony murmured, not daring to speak too loud and spoil the moment.
“Don’t lie,” she said primly. “Or I’ll pinch you again.”
“Tony.”
Pepper’s words sounded over and over in his head while he soared over the Mid-West. Because he had followed the shifty guy, and Tony wasn’t there to help. A bombing, Pepper had told him, tears in her eyes. Like the ones the Mandarin had claimed responsibility for. The guy Tony was supposed to let the military handle, the one they agreed didn’t need super-hero interference.
“Right,” Shaking his hands, wincing at the pins and needles that erupted through them as the blood started flowing again, he looked at Steve and Natasha. “He’s got Pepper, we need to find her immediately. And Rhodey’s here somewhere, we gotta get him, too. Killian’s got big plans for tonight, we need to to stop him.”
The search for Loki and Hydra never ended. Thor traveled with Jane and Darcy often, continuing to follow up on leads on Loki. Banner sometimes went with them, which never failed to amuse Tony. Now that Clint and Natasha were back more, they were around the Tower as Avengers more, and less as agents of Shield. Tony wasn’t sure what they’d told Fury to cut them some slack, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to. Clint, Natasha and Steve would venture on missions of their own hunting down Hydra, slowly but surely collecting tidbits of information to prove that the organizations still lurked. Natasha had indeed started making the lists she’d sworn to see to, and had done her best to keep tabs on Sitwell — who was turning out to be a hard man to pin down. Dude went all over, but at least that meant he was still keeping away from Steve. Tony really wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not, but Natasha seemed okay with that particular turn of events.
when the bot inevitably tried to make him a smoothie. Letting his gaze wander, he spotted Steve’s ever present sketchbook was on the couch — and it was closed, much to Tony’s dismay. One day he would get a good look at what Cap was always drawing, even if he had to beg. At first Tony wondered if Steve was looking at landscapes to try and sketch, because all the holograms around him held a different image of scenery — one of the Cliffs of Moher, one of a rundown, small town, and several popular landscapes of major cities. But Steve ignored most of them, standing between them all in the center, and focused on an old, abandoned building.
, you never should have thrown you goddamned only measure of defense away like a toddler throwing a toy.”
“When it’s you? No.” Fury said, and folded his arms.
“No you don’t,” Tony snorted.
Oh, no. Ohno, ohno, oh fuck…
In his mind, it wasn’t ridiculous. He was checking on the man he loved — a hell of a shocking revelation, once Tony got back to the Tower and realized that nope, it wasn’t just a stupid crush or the hots he had for Steve. It was love,
Pepper was going to chop him up into a billion pieces. “I don’t think so.”
But he did know better, and fool him twice, and all that. So he rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I read the report. Iron Man, recommended, right? But not Tony Stark. I know you wouldn’t trust me to cover your back, Romanoff, so just…”
He went quiet as he arranged he ice pack on Tony’s ribs. It was a hell of a shock, one that made Tony gasp and erupt in goosebumps again, cursing Thor and Loki and all the goddamned aliens that attacked his tower. But then the coldness started to ease some of the tension he’d been holding and he nearly melted.
“What
Shit, Tony thought hysterically, but he made it to Kit, and Mary made another spectacular grab, looping them together. Mary was getting a raise, that woman was efficient as hell.
“Yeah. Yeah, we will. Be careful coming home, Steve. Don’t take any chances. And check in on time, will ya?”
“I”m gonna fucking kill him!” Tony swore, urging the suit to go even faster up and after Steve, and then swore some more as he got close and the plane exploded above them.
“Yeah, yeah.” Grumbling, Rhodey led the way to the elevator, crossing his arms. “Don’t think I said thank you for your help with that. So, thank you, Tones. I’m glad Nat and the rest of the team were able to get to us so quickly.”
“I…Jesus, Steve, are you serious?” Feeling all the blood leave his face, Tony considered the possibility, the ramifications of it. And felt like he was doused in ice. “Holy shit. Holy
“I’m not, I swear. I just, uh. Maybe might prefer other music, that’s all.”
odd. Why the hell would Loki just leave the scepter?
“We all thought he was lying, saying that to distract me so he could get away. But…
“Doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt like a bitch until it does, though does it?” Tony countered. Steve flushed again, and Tony felt a quick surge of triumph. It was probably pathetic to feel victorious at breaking Steve’s stoic expression, but hey. It’d been a long day and he’d gotten his ass kicked. He’d take whatever win he could get.
“Cap,” he whispered, wanting to beg, or plead, or just simply ask Steve not to make him do this.
“Four, sir.”
“You know better than anyone we shouldn’t assume a thing.”
“Maybe. But don’t tell me you wouldn’t have done the same thing.”
The first few weeks after the battle were weird. The team stayed around, because where else would they go? Loki was still out there, and Tony wasn’t about to forget it. He worked round the clock on his suits, while Steve and Net helped with cleanup, Clint tried to sort out the fact that he’d been mind-controlled, and Bruce helped Thor with leads on Loki. Fury was still a pain in his ass, but after learning he’d at least tried to stop the nuke before it took off, Tony would attempt to listen to him a little before hanging up. Pepper was in and out constantly, busier than any of them, and the worry lines on her face deepened every time she appeared to drag him out of the workshop to eat or sleep.
“Nat, come on, we’ve been over this,” Clint ran a hand through his hair, this time.
“It was well-orchestrated, Tony. And, well. We got a little relaxed, and fucked up. Believe me, Tash is making up for it. We’ll know more soon.”
“Why?” Natasha asked quietly. It wasn’t said unkindly, but even Tony heard the warning in them. If she didn’t like Steve’s answer…
“I didn’t exactly ask to be kidnapped.” He never did, it just…happened.
“Nat,” he said, a shiver running down his back at the way her eyes were wide and wild. It wasn’t anger, he realized, as she balled her hands into fists and then forcibly relaxed them, over and over and over. It wasn’t anger surging through her.
. And as Steve’s soft mouth devoured his, as he gently licked and nipped at Tony, a small whimper popped out of him —
“It’ll cauterize the wound, Tony. Stop the bleeding.”
Curling his hands around the coffee mug, Steve sighed. “Thanks, Tony, but I can’t help feeling like it is right now. It’s just…It’s only been a few weeks, but I thought I was beginning to understand this century. And now…aliens? Norse Gods?” Shaking his head, he took a sip of coffee. “I don’t know where to fit in with that. I don’t know what to trust.”
“Yeah, Brucie-Bear, I know it’s shit news, but that’s why we’re telling the team. So we can handle it. Make things better. It’s what we do, right? We worked together great before, we can totally do this,” Tony babbled, watching Bruce’s skin tone closely. When the green started to disappear, he let out a sigh of relief so large he nearly got dizzy.
“Hey!” Clint protested, but he was laughing, and it didn’t matter anyway, because Steve’s eyelids were fluttering again, and this time, this time when the blue appeared they stayed open — a little unfocused, a lot confused, but open.
“I just…uh. Look, we got off on a rocky start, yeah?” he babbled, and
“It’s okay. I know it’s a long shot. So after I did some checking into that, I thought I would go back over what we’ve got on Hydra. Since we had to abandon our mission, there’s some things I want to reconsider before we head back.”
“You know what? You should take more of an interest in this. This woman is the best thing to happen to your company, and he’s got her attention, and a guy that’s shifty.”
Twining her fingers with his, Pepper tugged him away from the window and down the hall. “Come on. Let’s get you tucked in.”
Dropping into the chair next to Tony, Clint sprawled out, and sighed. “Do me a favor. Close your eyes and pretend you’re getting some sleep. Bruce is on his way, and I don’t feel like getting scolded again.”
we need to discuss….”
Though his wrist throbbed with pain, Tony pushed it aside while he tackled the guy on the right. Going down in a tangle of limbs, Tony twisted, popped back onto his knees, and caught the guy’s arm when he tried to throw a punch. Holding tight, Tony slammed his right hand onto the guy’s arm in a Krav Maga move Natasha had taught him. Before the guy could do more than bellow in pain, Tony pounced again, tackling the other opponent in the knees and dragging him down too.
,” she said, so forcefully that Tony took a step back. Then she took a deep breath, and said more calmly, “It’s not happening, Tony.”
“What? Nat taking over the world? Me too, but don’t you dare tell her or she might actually try it, and then I’d be responsible.” Tony paused, then thought,
Landing on the hospital’s roof, Tony stepped out of the suit (thank God he’d gotten that upgrade working correctly, now if only he could take it one step further…) and hurried to the door. If the hospital staff was surprised to see him,  they didn’t say anything. Thanks to previous info Pepper had given JARVIS, he quickly found his way to Happy’s room, where Hogan was still lying unconscious.
Warning for Tony having a nightmare that causes a panic attack this chapter. Please take care!
It didn’t make him jump, but it did make him pause in his stretching. “I believe you are out of coffee. You might find more of your favorite blend on the common floor.”
“Loki is the trickster god,” Bruce said when Steve’s lips pressed into a firm line. “If he tricked you, Steve, no one would judge you for it.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said, but he didn’t look annoyed, so Tony pressed on.
Steve.
“I don’t
Steve didn’t laugh like that often. Tony figured he could be forgiven for being showy.
‘I…see,” Fury said slowly, studying him. “Step into my office, Stark.”
“I doubt anyone will attempt it at two am, sir, but as you wish.”
Tony winced, recalling the defeated look that had been on Steve’s face when admitting Loki had kicked his ass. Yeah, that had probably been a large kick to the poor guy’s ego.
“Don’t argue with me on this,” Bruce said, as the kettle started shrieking. “I don’t want to hear one of my best friends talk about himself that way. It’ll make me angry.”
“I’m not telling you a damn thing, Jane Bond, work your super spy tactics on someone else.” It was one thing for them to be teammates, but another for him to tell her about his status of the suits. No one got that information, except JARVIS and maybe Rhodey. Who was overseas for the next several months, so really, no one got that information.
“Come on. I gotta know. Tell me something. I can be quiet when you tell the rest of the team, I promise.”
“The Mark XII’s on board,” Natasha said, and Tony turned to her, eyes wet. “JARVIS said you might need it. Will you be able to carry him with it?.”
“My pleasure, Miss Potts.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve sketched on the way, and Tony fiddled with work on his tablet, trying to keep from peeking or asking Steve what he was drawing. Somehow he managed to resist, but one day, dammit. One day he’d get the courage to ask Steve to see his drawings. Not that Steve even noticed his interest, he was so absorbed in whatever his work was that he failed to notice the way Tony’s eyes darted to him every thirty seconds.
, Steven, right now. Come on, Men>please…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“…was designed to hold steady against ongoing attacks, it’s not going to fall apart in my chest or any…what?” Tony froze, blinking again at Thor’s concerned face. “What are you talking about? I’m fine, Thor, just a few scrapes and bruises, nothing to write home about.”
Eying the board, Tony deftly moved his king out of harm’s way, and laughed when Steve pouted. “Nice try, but you know it’s hard to best me in chess. Anyway. No, I meant with the 21st century thing. It’s been about eight months or so since you came out of the ice, right? You doing okay with all that?”
Stern sputtered, breath hitching. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
He knew there was no way he’d get sleep, so he started to get some other stuff done. His honey-bear was called first, to get an update on the Mandarin situation. After giving Rhodes the proper amount of shit for letting the US military re-paint and re-name War Machine (Iron Patriot. Fucking honestly), he dove right in. Asked Rhodey if he needed help. But of course, his platypus demurred, saying it wasn’t a super-hero level of a threat. So Tony backed off, teased him a little more about the ridiculous new codename, and made Rhodey promise to visit soon.
“Please.” Now the guy on the right snorted. What, they weren’t capable of any other reaction?
“No, no, you’re pale, you’re sweaty, you’re hurt,” Tony insisted, bending forward, trying to see for himself.
“Hmm,” Tony said, but then he smushed his head into the pillow, and finally slept.
Reaching the top of the stairs and walking into the living room, Steve shook his head. “It’s really not. But thank you. For telling me what happened. For trusting me.”
Tony grinned, giving her a few gentle pats, before standing back up.
“Thanks,” he said, as Steve righted him and stepped back. Tony watched him go, wishing he could throw himself into Steve’s arms and linger in the warmth and safety he would find there, but pushed it aside. Friends, they were just friends.
A warning for anyone who may need it: Like in IM3, Tony has a brief anxiety attack about the events that happened regarding the wormhole. Please take care!
Tony started out, expecting Steve to follow him to the guest room, but after a few steps he paused, realizing no one was behind him. Throwing a glance over his shoulder he saw Steve staring out the massive windows, looking out over the ocean like the weight of the world was on his shoulders.
Steve’s eyebrows shot to his hairline. “Collapsed? Stark? You okay?” Then he blinked again. “Lives in the ceiling?”
Thor was the most difficult to spar with. He’d try to go easy on Tony but would inevitably forget his strength and Steve would have to intervene. After it happened twice, Tony bowed out and was in the middle of watching a truly spectacular sparring battle between Steve and Thor (the muscles. Dear God. What had he done to witness such beauty?) when JARVIS spoke.
how a group like them will retaliate, what lengths they will go to in order to continue on. The things they do to stay on top are acts of nightmares, Tony, and you just unleashed the entirety of them.
“Oh, I don’t think…” Pepper began, but when Nat turned her way, she promptly stopped her protest, far more perceptive than Tony wanted. “I see. Okay, someone can fill me in on what’s happening between you two later. Tony, we need to find the Clarksons now.”
“Oh.” It almost looked like disappointment flickered through the captain’s eyes, but surely Tony saw that wrong. “Of course. I’ll, um. I’ll see you later, then.”
After making a half-assed bandage out of his shirt, Tony got on the bed behind Steve, and coaxed Steve into leaning back against his chest. It barely worked — Steve was so much bigger than Tony — but he sat up tall, sandwiching Steve between his legs and letting Steve sprawl out beneath him, keeping a sharp eye on his face for any pain. Still breathing in sharp pants, Steve allowed it, letting his head fall back onto Tony’s shoulder. Tony wrapped one arm around Steve, making sure he was sitting upright enough and comfortable, and kept the gauntleted arm aimed at the door, ready to fire at anyone that walked through the that wasn’t an Avenger.
“Right. Of course not.” His brain would never let him sleep if he didn’t do all he could in that search as well. “We’ll do both. We’re the Avengers, yeah? So what if we got more than one thing to avenge? We’ve got this. Absolutely.”
Also, the description of this cabin is from a totally wild Airbnb I stayed in once. It was a super interesting place at the time, and makes for a great background for stories like this!
Feeling a flush start up at the nape of his neck, Tony fiddled with the game board. “I don’t know, I just…”
Steve shifted, folding his arms and planting his feet. “I’ll make you some pancakes and bacon, if you stay away from the coffee and go to sleep right after.”
When he woke, he was zip-tied to a bed frame.
“Gee, thanks.”
“They’re never going to get there and back in an hour,” Bruce said, and Tony resisted the urge to bang his head against the wall. Now that his mind was on food, he was hungry. “Listen, I’ve got some things in my lab brewing, so I’m gonna go work on that until they get back.”
Though the Tower was a mess and falling apart thanks to god-damned Loki, it was still
“I think it would be great. We can get up to all sorts of trouble in the Californian sun, and the Malibu house has great views. Plus, it’s a chance to get away from the cold for a bit. You’ll love it. What do you say?”
“Listen, you little prick—”
about it. I know you better than that, you’re not getting out of my sight. Take me with you, and introduce me.”
“We’re letting the military handle this one while we focus on Hydra and Loki,” she reminded him. “And I don’t want to interfere with Rhodes’ mission. But the situation seems to be getting worse. He’s making terrorist threats, now. And I can’t help but wonder where he’s getting his weapons — I wouldn’t put it past Hydra to partner with him. Maybe it wouldn’t be a bad idea to see if Irion Patriot could use our help.”
“It is with great regret that I must leave it at that,” Thor said seriously, plopping Tony back on his feet. “The lady Jane would be most displeased if I were to take things further, but know that you are loved and cared for this Yuletide, Stark.”
Natasha’s face darkened. “The Strike team is Hydra.”
The guy smirked, hand lighting up again. Deciding now was not the time to be fried to a crisp, Tony grabbed Maya, preparing to haul ass down the hallway.
“How do we know who to trust?” Steve lifted his head, face bleak. “If they’ve infiltrated Shield, how do we stop them?”
“Goddammit,” he muttered, lifting his arm and shooting Bulldozer in the chest. Since it wasn’t as protected as his armored head, he figured that would be the best place to aim. It worked — Bulldozer backed off, crying out,  but then he swung out with a massive arm, hitting Tony in his own faceplate, making his teeth clack together.
it is. The back and forth on that is hard, too.”
“Yah huh. Listen, Barton I don’t know what you all are up too…” he started, then burst out laughing as Clint closed his eyes, puckered up his lips, and leaned forward. “Oh for fuck’s sake,” Tony laughed, but went along. Stepping up to Clint, Tony wrapped an arm around him, dipped him, and pressed their lips together.
They promised to be back well before Christmas, and Clint had finally stopped whining, and seemed content with that.
Shut up,
Of fucking course Kit missed the first time. Kit wasn’t getting a raise. Tony cut the thrusters again, tried to re-aim and looked right into Alex’s panicked eyes.
Tony snorted. “You act like you’ve been around for more than the one.”
Nat was in the middle of nodding when Thor blurted, “But you mustn’t! Not until you observe the tradition!”
he saw Bob when they boarded.
Tony thought again, but still kept the words to himself.
“Do not finish that sentence,” she warned, voice cold and deadly. Not the voice of the woman who watched action movies with him at 3am, or who snuck into the lab and left him peanut butter sandwiches. No, that had been the Widow from the Red Room speaking, and Tony snapped his mouth shut, feeling ill at the sudden change in his teammate. He didn’t say another word the rest of the trip back to the Tower.
Steve’s frown twisted into a wry smile. “Well, you’d know where we stand on that if you would show up for the team meetings once in a while.”
Ah, look at that. The blush was adorable again. “Come on, you’ve got dozens of fans now, they need to have you in a uniform they can appreciate your ass in. And your current one ain’t it.”
“Hey!” Tony shouted, pulling at his zip ties, causing the bedframe to rattle and make a ruckus.. “Heeeeeeeey!”
Steve lifted his head. Though his eyes still seemed sad, his lips twitched. “I’d kinda like to see that.”
“A good man,” Tony said firmly, “who tried his fucking best. But sometimes we fail, Steve. We aren’t gods. We fuck it up. But you? You’re the best of us. Bucky knew that.” He’d seen the video footage, heard all his dad’s stories. On this, Tony could be certain. “Don’t let Loki fuck with your head.”
Wishing he had a drink in his hand, Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. “Leave it, Nat. I know you’ve been trying to play matchmaker with Steve the last few months, but he isn’t interested in me, and your little game might have caused more hurt than anything.”
“Okay, Tony,” Steve said, and bumped their foreheads together.
“I got a constituency problem and I need to press the flesh.”
“Sorry.” Plucking her phone out of her hands, Tony opened a drawer and locked it inside, over Darcy’s loud protests. “What happens in the workshop stays in the workshop. Confidential stuff for SI, and whatnot, you know. And besides. Everyone knows that’s Thor’s favorite movie.”
He’d just have to be better about keeping his feelings in check. Especially now that Steve was recovered from the plane mishap. No reason to continuing to be a mother hen, Steve himself would only catch on if Tony continued to fawn all over him.
Catching his scowl, Natasha continued, “You conked out as soon as we sat down. JARVIS confirmed you haven’t getting much sleep lately, so I didn’t wake you.”
He was damn well aware Thor was fucking with him, but what the hell. Turning to Nat, he waggled his eyebrows. “Whaddya say, Romanoff? Shall we show them how it’s done?”
“And then shawarma after?” The words popped out before he could stop them, making him want to curl into a ball in humiliation for sounding so whiny, but Thor only let out a tremendous boom of laughter.
“I do!” Steve said, throwing his hands in the air.
“You want some ice or anything? Barton, go get him ice.”
“Director Fury. I cannot ascertain Hydra’s involvement, at this time.”
“Sorry you had to come all the way back because I got my ass handed to me,” Tony said quietly, trying not to let the shame trickle into his voice.
Behind him Steve entered much more calmly, looking slightly dazed. Tony had to hide a laugh. Thor sometimes left you with the feeling of being bamboozled. Then he straightened, the memory of the night before popping up. Shit, he was supposed to have met up with Steve. Risking a glance at the captain, Tony tried to appear apologetic (no need for them to go back to screaming at each other like they were back on the helicarrier) but Steve wasn’t even looking his way. Instead, Rogers was looking out the window, his face tight and drawn.
“You don’t remember. Why am I not surprised.” Scowling, she continued her approach until she was right in front of him.
“I’m positively terrified, sir.” JARVIS said as Steve burst out laughing.
He didn’t comment on how that was his fault, how they’d only left because Steve was worried about him, because he didn’t think that’d go over very well after their last talk.
“Yah huh. Anytime,” Tony forced a grin on his face. This conversation was a disaster. Time for an exit, stage right. “Look, I’ve got a shitload of things to get started in terms of cleanup and repairs, so I’m just gonna go. Do that.”
But Mary tumbled helplessly about, and Tony flew to her. “Remember that game called Barrel of Monkeys?” Tony asked, getting as close as he could.
He also couldn’t help but feel like they were something…more. Damned if he could figure out what.
“Spoilsport,” Tony laughed, and disconnected. JARVIS would still be able to figure out his location. He spent about two seconds debating if he should head to left or right, then decided to head to the garden shed to see if the could rig some tools to help him take out some bad guys.
“WHAT?” Clint shouted. He took a step forward, then stopped, raising a shaking finger. “That’s not right. That can’t be right.”
“Alright, listen to me. See Jasper? I’m just gonna swing by, and you’re gonna grab him.” Tony shot to the left, straight to Jasper. “I’m gonna electrify your arm, you’ll be able to open your hand.”
“Cap?”
He was
And he’d get over it, he told himself, getting up to go stare out into the night. It wasn’t like his feelings would be reciprocated, not by Mr Straight from the 40s. Not when Steve was still so in love with Peggy Carter. So. He’d pine quietly, until the little crushed passed, and that’d be that.
The next day, Tony was working in his workshop (carefully, because Natasha had indeed ratted him out to his Science Bro, and Banner was actually quite stern about the concussion so he wasn’t using screens but paper, it was horrible) when Steve walked in. Putting away a folder containing the multitude of projects he had going on, Tony crossed his arms and watched Steve enter, face blank.
Glancing over, Rhodey caught sight of his yawn and moved across the room. “Hey, man. When was the last time you slept?”
“You have a hole in your side!” Tony snapped, feeling panic crawl up his throat and stick there. Oh, God, oh, fuck. Steve was covered in blood, the gash in his side larger than Tony’s fist. “Why the fuck didn’t you say something! Fuck, you’ve lost so much blood it’s a wonder you’re still conscious.”
“That’s absolute crap,” Bruce said, so vehemently that Tony would have taken a step back, if he’d been standing.
Yet his voice was a little unsteady as he said, “Thanks, Cap. That’s something, coming from you.”
A little bit of the Christmas spirit rushed through him as he walked through the doors. He loved it here, in this space where he had felt so at home before he realized what a true home was. The workshop in New York was nearly perfect, with its advances and the Avengers (particularly Steve) always popping in and out, and Tony loved it to pieces. But there was something about his garage here, in Malibu, that never failed to soothe the tension in Tony’s shoulders. Even on days like today when there was hardly any tension. He’d never had a spot where he could be so completely himself before buying this mansion, before making this safe haven in his garage. Only Rhodey and Pepper ever ventured down there — he made it so that Obie never really came in.
Now that they were all back in New York, the Avengers spread out in the communal area, eating, drinking, and chatting. Pepper chatted with Jane and Darcy, though Tony noticed she stayed close to Rhodey, as if she wasn’t quite sure she could trust anyone but him yet. Thor was telling Rhodey tales of his childhood, which had Tony’s honeybee throwing his head back and laughing a lot. That was good, Tony thought, watching Rhodey cackle. He wasn’t sure how Rhodey and Pep would fit in with the team, but seeing them intertwine with everyone like this was nice, even if Pepper was a little skittish. No one would have blamed her if she stayed far, far away, but she was there, making the effort, and that meant more to him than he ever would have thought. Made his little reactor heart warm with pride.
“Are you…I mean, are things….how are you?”
Wandering out to the main area, Tony puttered around and made coffee. It was nearly finished brewing when a noise behind him had him turning.
he thought, blinking quickly. Oh, shit.
Standing, he got up, ready to head out of the workshop and into the new team communal area. As he did, Natasha looked over, and smirked. “Are you and Steve are done gazing into each other’s eyes? Ready to fill the others in?”
“So,” Tony said, fingers tapping on the peanut butter jar. “What aren’t you telling them?”
After crafting Steve a much better uniform, Tony upgraded the rest of the team’s outfits and weapons, all the while advancing his own suits. Pepper handled most of SI’s important meetings, but he still had to show up weekly, and deal with Anne Maria and DoDC. Heads had indeed rolled about the stolen Chitauri weapons, and Tony had thoroughly enjoyed witnessing Anne Marie skewer a few workers that had gotten too complacent.
hurt. Everything had hurt
“I…” Tony blinked again, trying to understand.
“Per our confidentiality parameters, sir, I can only suggest you might find coffee of your choosing on that floor.”
“I’m afraid not, sir. It’s Miss Potts.”
Natasha shook her head. Panic burst through him, blooming at the heart of the reactor and spreading out until his fingers and toes felt numb. Steve and Clint had checked in every night since they’d been gone. But last night there’d been nothing, and not knowing if he needed to give them more time or get int the suit and hunt them down was driving Tony mad.
She took one look at Stern sitting behind him, and made her face carefully blank. Swallowing back panic, Tony strolled over to her, holding his arm out for hers as he got closer.
He’d been hurt, Tony had failed to protect him in the air or the crash. “How bad is it? And don’t lie.”
“Aldrich didn’t get me into anything, I did it for myself. Do you remember my plant, and how I was working on Extremis? Trying to access the area of the brain that governs repair and chemically recode it? Thirteen years ago, I was close, Tony. And now I’ve almost got it. It’s working, it’s nearly there. We’ve had so many test subjects succeed, and even more that almost did.”
“Let Nat work through it,” Clint said, and there went his hand through his hair again. Tony was slightly concerned he would just grab the ends and start yanking it out soon. “She
“It’s a long story,” Tony said, shoving his pizza away. His appetite had vanished while Steve told his tale. “I’ll tell you all about it. And then we can plan on how to take them down.”
“His JARVIS,” Thor replied, gesturing to the ceiling while Tony pushed away to pace and mutter to himself. Loki had the Tesseract and had some kind of game going with the scepter? Was he planning on letting it tear them apart again, like it had on the helicarrier? Fuck. That was going to be a bigger problem than he’d thought, he needed to find his suit and repair it
“Maybe he decided he didn’t need to mind fuck people anymore and let it go. F’ckin’ Loki,” Tony mumbled around a yawn. Though it
“Oh,” Tony said again, pathetically. Correction, he wasn’t an idiot, he was a complete ass. “I’m so sorry, Steve.”
Satisfied he had a decent, albeit half-cocked plan, Tony prepared to head out and get started. But his phone buzzed, and Tony paused by the stairwell to pull it out, not sure how to feel when he saw the message on the screen.
But in the safety of his own cocoon as he laid in bed that night, Tony let himself think: It’s okay if I trust them a little. It’s okay if they get a little piece of me.
“I’m sorry I asked.”
Barton and Hill had shrugged their stories off, claiming it was a walk in the park compared to what they were dealing with now, which Tony agreed wholeheartedly. Still, being trained to become one of the best marksman in a circus,
that's it. that's the whole chapter. same day as tony and pepper's date night in IM3.
Really, thank fucking God.
They both know Tony will never let any of them live that down, and Steve is more than fine with that.
if there's any specific scene you amazing people would like covered, please feel free to lmk as well <3
(See the end of the chapter for
Getting a job is easy enough with his super strength, and looks, according to to some of his interviewers. He’s never really considered himself handsome. People like Bucky, Sam are handsome in his eyes. Thor, at times. Tony, when he isn’t ruining his life.
had Tony twisting himself, armor whirring at his effort, to look at… Steve? Not-Steve? ’Captain America’ was dressed differently than Romanoff and Barton, in a suit slash costume the colors of, well, America. It made him look more of a performer than a secret spy agent who was also in the frontlines against alien invasions. Though, when put
Steve didn’t even blink as he answered, "To keep an eye on Tony Stark. The government was concerned about whether you would be a liability after Afghanistan."
talked about Jarvis in front of the team. Or at least when Steve was around. Everything he knows he read from files. “Jarvis… As in the human butler Jarvis?”
“Oh, that girl’s busy. Just called to apologise that she won’t be back for a few days until things in NYC is stable. What on earth happened there?”
“If the world looks like it could use an extra pair of hands,” Steve corrects. His expressions turns serious. “He doesn’t know who you are, Sharon.”
, Tony didn’t know. “I’ll send a message out to any available agent. Agent Hill, can you stay and make sure no one kills each other while I’m gone?”
It’s a miracle, but Steve manages a chuckle as he sits on the edge of the bed. Tony is looking directly at him, as though he
right now. So he nods in the direction of Stark Tower, “Guys? What do you think about heading up there now before Loki get anymore ideas that threatens the fate of the world?”
, which he knows is the key to convincing anyone who is objective and stares at numbers for a living.
“Okay,
He held still as his mind pieced itself back together, and tried to recall what he could of the day prior. It had been a long day with the R&D team, and Pepper had sent him home with strict orders to rest. No, wait - he’d asked Happy to accompany him for drinks, only to be dragged away the moment he started to slur his words. Right, he’d returned to his penthouse and some weirdo who called himself
Steve ducks when Tony flies past him, but he wouldn’t have noticed either way - he’s flying faster than he usually does, even in battle. Steve rips the earpiece from his 2012 self before tossing him in a car, and plugs it into his ear just in time to hear Natasha:
, was the creepo actually standing on the roof of
"Hey. Iron Man, right?" Tony turned to the man, looking and shy and reserved as he sounded. His eyes shone with curiosity and intelligence, reminding Tony of himself. "I was wondering if you would be willing to share a little about how the suit works?"
“Thank you.”
The first thing Steve does upon the solo time-heist, of course, is to return the Stones to their rightful places. There is nothing worth risking the peace they’ve already sacrificed so much for.
"The arm was lost durin' my time in service. Don't really remember much so it's 'kay. Here, HYDRA's been tryin’ to brainwash me into becoming their good little soldier. I’m managing so far, but resisting is getting harder. Anyhow, you were sayin’ something about the Chitauri?"
when things happen. Always. At this point, he’s ashamed he hasn’t seen it coming. His hair is an intended mess of curls covering parts of his face as he sees what he hopes is the last civilian on this street safe with the authorities. Even when wrapped, the shield on his back is proving to be cause of conversation. He’s heard a few variations (at least four) of “Doesn’t he look like that dude dressed like Captain America earlier?”.
was happy for the blissfully ignorant period of one married month. Great coffee, great company. Great fucking life.
The man slash alien stood, tossing his hammer into the air and catching it effortlessly as though it weighed nothing. "I am Thor of Asgard, the God of Thunder. Worry not; I am on the side of mankind. This is the work of my brother, Loki, and I am working with the honorable members of SHIELD to destroy the Chitauri army."
Tony managed a snort at that. "He’s some sort of secret government spy, Happy. I don’t think he’ll be taken down too easily."
Tony is so visibly stiff as he looks at all the words, images, videos. It’s obvious it’s not the first time he’s seeing them; possibly the dozenth, at least. Steve’s certain a good percentage of what he’s looking at is confidential material, but knows by now that it’s not something worth questioning. Instead, he settles for a raised brow,
She wrinkles her nose, frowning. “That doesn’t make sense.”
Peggy brings her hand to his cheek, and Steve closes his eyes, allowing himself to lean into the touch. So warm. So real. So
to fall head over heels for her. It was also one of the last things she’d ever taught him before they both died in a car crash, but hey, not the time nor place for
It’s Tony who’s unable to get out of bed first, one autumn morning when Morgan had been set to be back to visit with her husband. But Steve is there, as he always is. Steve is there until Tony’s final moments, when his breathing grows shallow, and Steve’s pencil never stops moving across paper.
Tony swallowed, thrusting the bouquet at the barista -
. And if he was going to die anyway, why not join a super secret boy band that sounded like they could use his services? It felt nice to be needed, even when it was not as himself.
Another embarrassingly dry clearing of the throat, “I would truly appreciate it if
the final, final part is very much under construction, as i'm unsure where stony will bring me as i continue writing. but for now, this is it for this fic!
When Tony just stared at her, she added, “Rogers taught me that.”
, and Tony was quite done.
“Yeah.” Tony drains his cup and sets it on the coffee table then twists his body to face Steve, the couch crumpling beneath his weight. One leg is curled over the other, his hands now pressing onto his knuckles tight enough Steve sees the skin turn red, but not knuckles gone white. Then, almost hesitantly (because Tony is a force of nature in his own way, he never hesitates on something he’s decided on), Tony leans forward, slow enough that Steve can run if he wants, but why would he do that?
“Yes. Yes, of course. An honor,” Steve answers even as his mind goes
“Good morning, Captain Rogers.”
A Quinjet, as it turned out, was an oddly shaped aircraft that did not look to be a type of jet capable of being developed under the government. Take it from someone who hacked into the Pentagon in high school over a dare. He did get a free cheeseburger out of it, so there was that.
“I’m not good with words, I guess y’know that by now. This is to thank you for kinda indirectly saving us from Killian, and for back then.”
"You need to go home and rest," Pepper told him sternly, even though dark circles were prominent under her concealer. "Rhodey is touching down in twenty minutes."
“For taking on Loki alone.” Tony steps back, and Steve knows he’s trying to walk away from him.
“This is such a grossly
much - it feels that way, at times. It takes him nearly two months, simply because he decided to come alone. Half the time, or more, is spent travelling through air or sea, for he doesn’t come with superpowers. But because Captain America is a man of honor, he eventually completes his task.
Pepper rubs down his arm even as she manages to roll her eyes at him. “Tony, he was just here to share his project with me.” Steve can’t help but notice she looks a little pale too. He recognises the fear, the worry, and anger. “If it helps, he called it Project Extremis.”
It doesn’t stop Steve from tearing up when Tony walks down the aisle, arm in Rhode’s (there’s no one else more fitting). As he’d suspected, Tony’s in his colours - red, blue, white. Not America’s colors, but
The lie came easier than he liked, but it did its job well, and no one mentioned about his helmet again. So that was that.
Surprisingly, Tony flops next to him as he takes the first sip of the coffee (it’s not black; Tony had added sweetener, and that’s… kinda sweet, Steve thinks). They share a somewhat comfortable moment without words. Then again Steve knows that silence never lasts long with Tony.
"I volunteered in case they’d find out who you were," she’d explained before he could ask anything. He wondered, briefly, how nice it would be if Hill were his friend, before banishing the thoughts because he wasn’t an elementary school kid.
They cuddled on the couch, fully clothed mind you, watching as Jasmine took Aladdin’s hand, as the familiar tune of A Whole New World started playing.
, his tag, the one pinned on his zero wrinkle uniform, read - and was sure his face was an embarrassing shade of red. He always rambled, it was what geniuses did since their minds worked faster than their mouths, but Tony also had his
sound like the old snake. So, care to share what SHIELD is going to do with the information I am able to provide? Assemble the Avengers?”
His phone vibrates as he’s saying good-bye to Peggy. Sharon and he had decided to hire a nurse to help with her worsening condition (Steve can’t bear to see her like that, as the serum in his body keeps him so damned fit). Peggy’s lost most of her fats, leaving her with skin and bones. Similar to what he’s seen of her for the same time. He hands the nurse a sum of money, not too little, because he doesn’t know when he’ll be back. Sharon’s reply is short and sharp, no greetings, just straight to the point:
what?" He might be a hallucination, but despite how much Tony drank that night, he knew he wasn't that drunk. The bastard turned, an eyepatch making his grumpy face seem even more miserable, and
perfect, because of the people he’s met. The people he’s had the honor of meeting.
triggers his muscles, making him twitch involuntarily, demanding his full attention. And he sees what he never wanted to look at back then- the him all those years ago. The way people praised them, thanking them, others denying their existence. He sees little kids dressed as them, posing as Avengers like they are their heroes. And Steve sees, they
On the ride back as a jobless man, Steve buys an outfit matching what he wore in this time - plain gray shirt, a leather jacket, a pair of pants, and a baseball cap. It’s almost funny, how he has to disguise him as
“Hey, Peggy.” His voice seems too loud in this house, which he now is able to see that it’s small. Smaller than what he’s grown used to, but it’s home. His steps are quiet, and when he reaches Peggy his words still seem to echo in his ears. She turns to him in slow motion, breaks into a smile. This Peggy smiles a lot. Her hair may be gray, her skin may be wrinkled, but when she says, “Steve.”, it’s like no time has been lost, like he’s never gone under the ice for eighty years.
“Please.” Tony hands Steve a note before he can tell him the price. “Keep the change. I’m in a rush.”
That’s how Steve ends up spending a night in Tony’s house in Malibu, nearly ten years in the past, ten years since it’s destroyed.
. Both were dressed in full black, weapons in both hands, cuts and blood and dust covering bare skin. They looked like soldiers. Like
The words etched onto Tony’s first miniature arc reactor by his then friend and now wife, Pepper Potts. The image, the words, replaying in his mind, over and over. He’s never seen that before. Tony has never shown that to him, or the team for that matter. In that moment, it just made the fact that he’s
Steve takes on a job close to Peggy’s home. It’s a warehouse, mostly manual labor, which he’s fine with. He has the transceiver in his shirt pocket at all times, alongside the storage device (he only ever wears polo shirts with chest pockets, because that’s all Peggy’s late husband used to wear, and it so happens that they didn’t have uniforms for part-timers). On his break, when he’s munching on bread or just sitting in a corner resting, he places the transceiver in his ear, listening to nothing. Just for comfort. Something familiar.
As he changes into the clothes he wore on this day - with a cap this time, of course (he has to hold on to his shield, because while T’Challa managed to fix it, there simply wasn’t enough time to have everything nanotech-friendly and neither are his civilian clothing), Steve notices that there’s more weapons than what he’s packed, and shakes his head even as he smiles. Fury will never admit it, but he acts like a fatherly figure. There’s even pepper spray -- Gods,
