Sherlock sighed softly, then shook his head. "No...no I want to write it myself. That's something that I should do. Seems like it." He let out a breath, looking towards Hamish's bassinet.
Sherlock tried to think, the wonder what that meant. John didn't have enemies, only the ones that were earned by the wearing of his uniform and his association to...to him. So it was one of the two. Either it was just that John had held rank in the British army, or it came down to Sherlock. In which case...this was his fault. "I'm getting out of here...I am John, I promise. And then...I'm getting you home. Transferred, when you're well enough. And don't argue it with me...please? I need you closer."
"Sherlock," John rested his forehead against the door, pressing his palm against the wood. "Sherlock,
Sherlock let out a breath seeing John in his uniform again. He looked down at John's leg; it didn't hurt, that was just John upset, he'd never actually hurt it. "Probably getting a change in weather soon," he murmured, looking at John. He looked so good in it, but he knew it was hard for him.
The months had gone quickly, the spring turning into summer, then fall, now it was winter. Their first Christmas... well, first one that Katherine might remember. She hadn't even been a year old when they had had their first.
"Now don't... don't make this about me... I'll be fine," Sherlock said, not really knowing if that was true. "You... you'll be fine. You'll do brilliant, saving lives and all. It's what you wanted to do," he said. "You're not going to get shot."
"So, I think the inducer worked," John teased, nuzzling against Sherlock's still-hot skin and nipping at it in a few places. "I'm a bit curious, though, to see if it's going to give you more that two rounds," he murmured, running the tip of his nose up the back of Sherlock's neck and into his hair, where a lot of his scent had gathered without it being heat-induced.
Harry clapped John on the back again when they were in the kitchen. "Proud of ya, mate," she said, smiling as she leant against the counter. "Even Clara and I haven't decided on them yet... she has to travel a bit for work still, so…. We figure in a year or so," she said with a shrug.
"Wait, you're his brother?" John could somehow believe it, though nothing except their profiles really proved it. "And you let them
There weren't anymore nightmares for John that night, and Sherlock stayed awake to ensure just that, rubbing John's hand. He had to pry himself gently from John's grip, replacing the gap in his mate's arms with his pillow, so that John still had his scent. Sherlock had heard his phone go off, and it was Mindy. Twenty minutes later they were dropped off, and Sherlock smiled to see Hamish, who squealed when Sherlock lifted him up from Mindy's arms. He thanked Mindy, inviting her over in a couple days when John was more settled, before going upstairs. Katherine was bouncing with excitement, but she composed herself quickly, as Sherlock often did, and tiptoed into the bedroom. Sherlock followed her, smiling as he watched the four-year-old climb gently onto the bed and lay next to John, her face close to his. She reached up and trailed a finger down the bridge of his nose. "Papa?" she whispered.
John looked up at the doctor, his gaze flicking between her and Sherlock. "Yeah, alright. I'll be right outside."
John smiled, kissing Sherlock's finger. "Hello, love," he whispered, reaching up and cupping his cheek gently, stroking his cheekbone with his thumb. "How are you feeling?" he asked, worried about his heat and the flu and his side and just... everything.
John finished the order and hung up, setting his phone on the coffee table and closing his eyes. He let out a short breath, draping his arm over his eyes to block out the rest of the light.
John quickened his pace when Sherlock started moving, making it fairly obvious that he could handle more. He buried his face in Sherlock's neck, inhaling strong gulps of his scent with every breath, the heady scent ripping a growl from him and pushing his thrusts harder, deeper. He only slowed when he felt his knot swelling, and it took all of his focus to lift his head and meet Sherlock's gaze.
“Precisely, which leaves only one possible explanation, and that is I have a method of removing evidence of such a wound. You’re training will tell you it is impossible but I can already tell part of you believes such a thing,” Sherlock said calmly.
John pulled him back down, caging him against his chest. "Just some Betas your brother got to clean the place for us," he explained, holding Sherlock tightly against him. "He carried you in here. He's gone now, took Lestrade with him. These guys should be leaving soon as well."
"Well if you test out, it's going to take you, what? A week?" John ran his fingers over Sherlock's smooth skin. "I think you should do something with your magical powers of observation," he suggested. "Because you were brilliant. Utterly brilliant." He pressed a kiss to Sherlock's hair, humming quietly to himself.
"Mm... th-thank you," Sherlock found himself murmuring quietly, not realising at the time how panicked he'd been. "I don't know why I... normally I'm better at just... turning it off," he said. "Must be the drugs," he mumbled.
John smiled kindly, rubbing his hands lightly over the length of Sherlock's back before he stood and walked into the kitchen. He started the kettle, leaning back against the counter as the water boiled. He reached into his pocket for his phone, sending a quick text to Harry to let her know that he was letting Sherlock sleep and then they would be over soon after. He took a teabag down, setting it in a mug and pouring hot water over it before returning to the bedroom.
Thankfully he was correct, and thankfully the toilet was the first thing there before he bent over it, his stomach flipping, and expelling its contents. He sat back when he was done, leaning against the cool porcelain of the tub, which felt nice against his flushed, somewhat damp skin.
John shook his head. "It's nothing, Sherlock. Let it go." He stopped when they reached the flat, unlocking the door and stepping through. He went upstairs immediately, putting his food in the fridge and then returning to the living room to hang up his jacket and drop heavily onto the sofa.
"Oh, love," John murmured, sitting up and pulling Sherlock onto his lap. He wrapped his arms around him, holding him tightly. "Why didn't you ever tell me?" he asked, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck smelling a distinctly distraught tinge to his scent. His body reacted, throwing off calming pheromones as he continued to gently stroke Sherlock's back. "I'm glad you came back, though," he whispered. "I miss you when you leave."
"It's fine, Sherlock," John whispered, handing Hamish back to Sherlock. "I shouldn't be holding him, anyway. I'm really not strong enough, and I don't want to drop him." He laid back in the bed, resting his head on the pillow and closing his eyes for a moment. "I lost your scarf, and Kat's doll," he whispered, swallowing thickly around the lie. "I haven't had your scent since about halfway through my mission. God, I've missed it."
John shrugged. "I can't see myself talking about it anyway," he said, looking at Sherlock with a small smile. "No one but you that I really enjoy talking to." He nuzzled against Sherlock's palm, kissing the inside of his wrist gently.
"Mm... 'nd surprisingly I don't mind you holding me this way," Sherlock mumbled. He actually found that he was a bit tired, as he'd been thinking all day rather than sleeping.
Mycroft answered his phone as soon as it rung, listening to his brother's shouts with well-deserved cringes. He ran a hand down his face, leaning his elbow against his desk. He had known this was coming. "There's nothing I can do, Sherlock. The order is above me. The army needs soldiers, and John was the first on their list."
John sighed, closing his eyes and letting himself get flooded by Sherlock's scent. "You can keep my tags," he said quietly after a few moments had passed. "They're going to issue me knew ones, anyway." He reached up and combed through Sherlock's hair, having already forgotten how it felt--like silk running through his fingers.
"I am... alright," Sherlock echoed quietly, his eyes shut. "S'not the worst I've had to deal with," he murmured, his fingers running unconsciously up his scared and bruised arms. He shivered a little, not thinking about the room he'd been in as he detoxed. He'd rather have a heat for a week than go through that again.
Ulcers, caused by stress. Caused by his mate dying and him having to raise a child alone. He swallowed thickly, processing this information. "How bad? What's the projected recovery time? When will he be better?" he asked; he needed data. "When can we see him?" he asked, looking over at Katherine.
"Now rest, Sherlock. We both need it. When we get up we can eat and then... I don't know. I have a book I need to read by Friday." John sighed, already feeling weary at the thought.
Sherlock pressed his lips tentatively onto John's neck, the place where, on his own neck, he knew John would mark, as well as the back of his neck where his scent was strongest. He would be John's, and John his, and it would be better. They would both be better.
Sherlock hummed, "It will," he said quietly, listening to John as he spoke "We'll go over there today," he said quietly. "Go see them both." He shut his eyes, snuggling against John's chest. "It'll go fast, and it'll be fine. You're working at a hospital, easy as that, no front lines...no guns," he said softly, feeling more relaxed at the thought. John would be safe.
Sherlock was half dozing in the room when he heard someone talking near him, not quite making out the words. He felt a hand on his shoulder and flinched a little, tugging at his wrists with a wince. He dragged his eyes open slowly, his dazed gaze falling on a blond Alpha, a bit older than himself, but he was nowhere near awake enough to try and guess accurately.
Sherlock smiled, listening to Katherine babble more aimlessly about going to the park in the snow and making angels. He felt his ears warm as John mentioned the test, and he swallowed thickly and shrugging. "I...it might be too soon to tell," he murmured quietly in return, resting his head against John's.
Sherlock nodded, padding down the hallway after John. He climbed into the bed and snuggled up close to John, wrapping an arm around him. He was lying flush on his sutures, but it hardly ached now, his chest aching more than enough.
Sherlock smirked. "Trust me, you don't want to see this whelp get all prune-y," he murmured, reaching over to turn off the tap. He pressed a small kiss to John's nose, wrapping his arms around John's waist again. "We can do whatever you like," he murmured.
John stopped when they reached the cafe, holding the door open for Sherlock and following behind. John walked up to the counter, ordering a hot Italian sandwich for himself and then glancing over at Sherlock, waiting for him to order. "You have to eat something," he said, nudging him in the ribs.
Sherlock let out another breath; of course John knew, doctor in training after all. "Not distracting, I wasn't trying," he mumbled, still not moving. He'd been picking at the bandages on his wrists though for the last ten minutes, most of them gone now. He sighed.
John smirked, leaning down to kiss the top of her head. "He knows, love," he whispered. "He's really very smart, and if you're faking it, he'll leave."
"Are you alright?" John asked quietly, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist and rolling them over. He carded his hand through Sherlock's hair, gently moving it away from his forehead only to have it flop back in place. His other hand moved down Sherlock's back, tracing his spine until it settled on the small of his back, the slight dip in his spinal column.
Sherlock looked over at the cot and nodded. "Yes, quiet thing. Only fusses so far when she's hungry. Makes sense why I ate so much while I still had her in here," he murmured. "But then she could also just be tired; apparently getting born can really take it out of you. She could just be saving all the screaming for home," he murmured with a small smile.
Sherlock whimpered a little as John pushed into him, slamming up again and again. He rocked his hips despite John holding him, needing it more, close... again close. "J-John... please,
"John," she said, handing one of the smocks to him. "Okay Sherlock, we're going to get you situated," she said, as they started to adjust the bed, folding down the bottom of it, a pair of stirrups being brought up.
Katherine nodded a little, "Maybe can go see Frozen!" she said hopefully, smiling a bit at the thought. "But Daddy can't open the presents till we get back," she said, looking over at Sherlock.
John shook his head. "Looks like the stomach flu," he said, grabbing the thermometer. "I just want to see how bad it is." He paused on his way back to the bathroom, looking over his shoulder at Sherlock. "Since you're obviously not going to be lying down anyway, would you run upstairs and grab her another set of pyjamas, please?" And then he disappeared into the bathroom, kneeling down beside Katherine and pulling her gently into his arms, fitting the thermometer under her tongue.
Sherlock felt his ears warm a little, and he looked down at his mug, though he couldn't help the corners of his mouth from quirking up a little. He leant a bit more against John, bringing his feet up onto the sofa after toeing off his shoes. He wouldn't dare put those on the furniture in front of John's mother. "But you did date though... didn't you?" he asked, tilting his head up to look at John.
"Don't worry, John," Mrs Hudson murmured, reaching up to wrap her arms around his neck. "I can take care of her for a few hours. I understand, dear."
Mindy clung tightly to Sherlock's hand, telling him to breathe, in through his nose and out through his mouth, slow and steady. Her heart clenched when Sherlock begged for John, but there were many army mates who had given birth without their Alphas, and she knew that Sherlock was strong enough to do this.
Mrs Hudson nodded, stepping aside for John and closing the door after he came in. "I'll bring up some nice soup and some nibbles for you boys in a little bit," she whispered, disappearing back into her flat.
John's excitement from hearing about his parents deflated when Sherlock told him that his father was dead. He closed his eyes tightly, resting his cheek on top of Sherlock's head, biting his lip and taking deep breaths through his nose.
John didn't fall asleep, sandwiched between the two people he loved most in the world. Katherine woke up four more times before morning hit, and he got up with her every time to hold her hair and sooth her, then to bring her back to bed. It was nearing seven a.m. now, and Katherine was awake, plucking at John's shirt. He sighed, looking down at her. "Would you like a bath?" he asked, combing his fingers through her hair.
John nodded, thanking her with his eyes and trotting up the stairs and to the bathroom. He nudged open the cracked-open door, lowering himself to the floor beside Sherlock and gently rubbing his back, murmuring calming things to him that didn't really make much sense.
John held his hands up, “Easy, easy there…calm down,” he said, wishing his cane wasn’t on the ground, he had dropped it when the man slammed into him. He reached slowly into to his pocket, pulling out his wallet. “Just take it...” he said, knowing he wasn’t in much of a position where he stood.
Sherlock's thoughts were bothering him, and quite by accident, he started smoking, one of the officers offering him one at a crime scene, and after about a week he found they relaxed him some.
Sherlock walked alongside John, brushing their shoulders together. He looked around the cemetery, quite a different one from the one they had been to yesterday. He wondered if they would be doing this every year. Seeing Sherlock's parents on the day of their deaths and then John's 'brother' on the day of his birth. He let out a breath, applying pressure once more to John's hand.
Sherlock winced a little, not wanting to look at John when he said that. He looked down, swallowing thickly.
"Waited for you to get up so I wouldn't wake you," Sherlock murmured. "Going to take a shower... get dressed," he said, sitting up with a wince, hand going to his side, which ached a bit.
"My mother has raised two pups. I'm extremely confident in her ability to watch after Katherine for a week," he murmured against Sherlock's lips, brushing their noses together. "And Katherine adores her, and we can call every day. Alright?" he asked, running his hand up Sherlock's chest and kissing him again.
Sherlock furrowed his brow a little, looking over at Katherine, who was also looking at him. "What's clone?" she asked, blinking a few times.
"I'm sorry..." he said, shaking his head. "I'm so sorry... so, so sorry," he said, repeating himself over and over. "Mon John, je suis désolé. Jamais encore... s'il vous plaît, jamais. John... mon John. S'il vous plaît ..." He made a transition to French without realising, having spent some several months in and out of France. Victor had been in France as well.
Sherlock sat at the table, next to John rather than across from him. He didn't feel hungry at all, but he glanced at John, seeing him eating, and knew he had to keep up his part. He cut into the pancakes and started eating them slowly, as well as some banana. He swallowed, glancing at John occasionally, before his eyes moved back to his plate.
John laughed, playing with Katherine's hand and tickling his fingers up her arm. "You read more than any person I know," he said, looking up at Sherlock with a smile still firmly on his lips. "It's good, though. Because I don't know half of what you do. I'm good with emotions, but not so great with babies." He turned his attention back to Katherine. "I'll be you go-to person when you become an angsty teenager, alright?"
He called Molly. "Is Sherlock there?" he asked, knowing that the mortician often stayed after-hours.
Sherlock shook his head. "Isn't it normal to want to see someone after they'd been taken away?" he asked, shrugging. "Even my brother came and saw me, and that's saying something. Granted I was unconscious, but still," he said. "It's your choice, see her, don't see her, I don't care," he said. "I just wanted them found for you," he said, nodding at the waitress when she brought by their sandwiches.
Sherlock hummed lightly, startling a little at the small bite on his lip, blinking his eyes open before nodding.
John scrubbed his face with his hands, wishing that Sherlock would have volunteered to cook, but he wouldn't complain. "Yeah, alright. And I wish I could have killed him," he muttered, standing up and stretching gingerly before making his way into the kitchen. He cooked methodically, staring hard at the pan and the food in it. He did his best not to dwell on what had happened. Over and done, and it could have been much, much worse. He walked over to the opposite cupboard, taking out the Irish Malt whiskey and pouring himself a hard shot before he put it away and went back to finish cooking.
Sherlock's chest was heaving still, working to steady his breaths. He swallowed thickly, holding still as John touched his face, lest he try to hurt him again. "I... I'm sorry I... lately I... well I've been grabbed while sleeping before," he said. "Put it off as much as I can," he said quietly.
Hamish's hand reached up and grabbed the finger quickly, that was what he always did, liked holding onto things, being in control at them. "Careful Hamish, Papa can't have to pulling to hard at his heartstrings yet...they need to get stronger first," he murmured, letting out a breath. "He wasn't your average terrorist...the signs are there, the cuts...the technique. He wasn't Afghan. Was there anything else about him? Anything?" he asked.
Sherlock dragged his eyes open, seeing the empty bed. "Mm... John?" he called drowsily, looking around for him. "John?" Missing him already, he wanted him close...
Katherine furrowed her brow a little, confused. Why didn't Daddy grow a baby before? She nodded, resting her head on her Papa's shoulder. "Maybe....maybe tell armies that Papa needs stay home too," she said quietly, playing with the fabric of his shirt, twisting it between her fingers.
," he said, holding up the maternity shirt, "is sexy," he muttered, tugging it on as well, hiding the elastic on the front of his trousers.
Sherlock shook his head; the chicken plate would do well enough. Mycroft tracked their phones, so he knew they'd ordered food from there, and would have it checked over. "No, that's it," he said, sitting back in his chair as he rocked Katherine gently.
Katherine beamed and nodded, clearing her throat before reciting a choppy "Je t'aime papa. Joyeux anniver-....hmm...it means I love you Papa and Happy Birthday. I'm going to draw a picture really fast!" she said, sliding off of Sherlock's lap and bounding upstairs. Sherlock smiled, looking at John.
Sherlock looked over and saw the nurse bringing in a wheelchair and sighed once more. This again. Swallowing, he stood up, carefully manoeuvring over and sitting down into the chair. "Mycroft will no doubt have a car for us," he said, knowing he would.
As soon as the cab pulled up to the flat, Sherlock tore out of it, barely remembering his coat, and abandoning the food all together. He dashed up into the flat, dropping his coat unceremoniously onto the floor, and moved into the bathroom, not sure if he'd be sick or not. He almost felt like it.
Sherlock helped them both out of the car when they arrived at the hospital, a nurse they knew already waiting; Mycroft spared no time. She took John, directing Sherlock to wait in the waiting room. He didn't want to, but instead he pressed a kiss to John's burning forehead. "I'll see you soon," he said, walking over to a padded bench with Katherine.
Sherlock looked over at the tree in the corner, a few presents under it already, including the one he'd got for John. He wasn't sure what to get him, so he got a camera. He supposed it was a nice one, John was always taking them on his phone, having to delete some to make space, why not have better quality pictures?
John made kind of a choked laughing sound, because he figured if he didn't laugh, he was going to start crying. "You're mine. Always, always mine." He kissed Sherlock more firmly, scraping his teeth against his bottom hip. "I love you so much," he whispered, cupping his cheek, lightly running his thumb across his cheekbone.
"Don't make a habit of getting shot if you want to keep playing your violin," John said, hopping from the bed and snatching up Sherlock's shoes. "No matter what your reasons may be," he said levelly, flicking his gaze up to Sherlock. It had been bothering him, what had happened at the auction house. He just didn't want to bring it up, figuring to leave a sleeping dog lie.
"I'm leaving," he called over his shoulder before exiting the building. He flagged down a passing vehicle and had himself dropped off at HQ, where he had a heated and quick conversation with the Major, who finally agreed to let him go.
Sherlock hummed, tucking her in. "Papa's already gone to bed, you'll just have to tell him good morning twice tomorrow I should think," he said, kissing her forehead. "I'll tell him goodnight for you," he murmured, carrying Hamish downstairs after bidding her goodnight. He rocked Hamish, setting him into his bassinet. "Katherine says goodnight," he said to John, crawling into bed with him after stripping down to his pants and curling around John.
John moved over to the lift, stepping inside and holding the door for Sherlock as he pressed the button for the basement. "She's a little flamboyant," John warned, glancing up at Sherlock. "And she doesn't always know what to say, but she's a kind soul."
"I was referring, actually, to your doctor, making sure he wasn't changing his mind about keeping you here," he said, helping John into the chair. He was wearing some lounge bottoms and a t-shirt that Sherlock had brought from home. He got him settled and removed the brakes from the chair. "We're going then? I can take him out of the hospital and home, and he's well enough to do so assuming we follow the instructions at home for his therapy, meds, etc?" he asked.
Sherlock let out a breath, leaning in and resting his head on John's shoulder a little, scenting his neck. Trying to calm down more, not being calm wouldn't help Katherine. He took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly, feeling his heart slow marginally. He continued to rub Katherine's back soothingly and in a few minutes her screams died down to soft fussing. Sherlock grabbed a tissue, wiping at her nose and sitting down.
"Hi, love." John took a calculated look at Sherlock and drew his hand away, using it to help push himself over onto the far side of the bed. He patted the empty space beside him, giving Sherlock a knowing look that dared him to argue. They could both use some closeness to the other.
John’s hand tightened into a fist on his knee under the table and he sipped off of his coffee. “Yeah…good. Good,” he said. “Just…getting situated. Back to…civilian life,” he said.
Sherlock whimpered softly, looking at John as he sat up again. He blinked a little, rolling over without thought onto the bed, lifting his hips up as he was on his knees, presenting himself shamelessly. He whined into the bed, swallowing thickly.
Kat looked up at Sherlock and he exhaled softly, seeing her face pinch in a very Sherlock-like confusion. "What mean Daddy?" she asked.
John was ashamed of the whimper and the small cries of pain and discomfort he made when the first slicked finger entered him, and then the second, and he was more ashamed of how quickly his body reacted as soon as his prostate was flicked and rubbed.
John sighed lightly against Sherlock's lips, melting against him. "How the bloody hell do you do that?" he whispered, pulling back just enough to talk. "First you read me like a book, and then you barely say anything and all of a sudden it's all better." He set his hands lightly on Sherlock's hips, holding him still. "I love you," he breathed, kissing him again.
She huffed, pulling on some gloves. "Well, they came and got me, told me that you were out of bed after only being out of surgery for, like, forty minutes. So I figured you could have popped some stitches, and now I'm almost positive that you did. So lie down, please, and then you two can go back to cuddling."
Sherlock swallowed, shaking his head. "Nothing's wrong... just worrying is all," he said. "It's my job; I'm her dad," he mumbled quietly, glancing out the window. "It's probably just my cycles," he said quietly. “Them being off schedule, my... my hormones are all... out of order," he said.
"To be completely honest, I had forgotten about them," John admitted, sitting down on his side of the bed to lean against the headboard. "But you're right, we can have those later. May as well sit up," he suggested, poking Sherlock playfully in the side. He reached for his water, taking a sip as he dug the sandwiches out of the bag, setting them on the mattress.
Sherlock shrugged off the dressing gown he'd been wearing all day, forgoing the sheet for it instead and climbed into bed, curling up into a tight ball. He shut his eyes when John laid down and tugged him close, and almost felt like shattering when John told him he could cry. No he couldn't...that would make things so much worse. "N-no...I'm f-fine," he said, squeezing his eyes shut at the childhood stammer that had reappeared. It almost never did that.
John cried until he was numb, until he couldn't really remember why he was crying anymore; he just knew that it was okay, and that it was good. He turned out of Sherlock's arms when he felt the bed dip down, and he looked over to see Katherine crawling up, staring wide-eyed at him. "Papa?" John smiled, wiping at his eyes and moving to lie down, motioning for Kat to come forward.
"Harold!" she said with another smile. She looked around, brows furrowed. "Where is he?" she asked, not saying Daddy. It seemed weird to say that yet... felt odd on her tongue.
John blinked at the Omega. "Yes, how did you know?" he asked, pulling the track pants on over Sherlock's legs, sliding them up to his thighs.
"Mmm...I think she could handle it, but definitely not too early. I'll leave those talks to you maybe? Or should we both do them? I don't really know how to go about doing those talks really. I never had one, I simply found a book," he said with a shrug.
John didn't like the thought of the Omega leaving, but he wouldn't blame him or hold a grudge if he did.
Sherlock lifted it up carefully, walking over to a chair and sitting down quickly, opening it and pulling out the instrument. He felt his eyes sting a little as he ran some rosin over the bow, and quickly tuned it, hands trembling a small bit. Finally he stood, forgetting entirely about the sleeping John, and set the bow to the strings, looking out the window. He paused before he slowly dragged the bow, closing his eyes as he started to play one of his favourite pieces.
John watched Hamish for a little while, smiling as he tried reaching for the toys and became frustrated when he couldn't get to them. "How are you feeling?" he asked quietly, looking back up at Sherlock. When he got a questioning look in response, he nodded pointedly at Sherlock's stomach, then flicked his gaze back up to his mate. "Still okay about that?"
He was just reaching for the handle when gunshots sounded, some from right outside the door, others from further down the hall. Lucian swore, but before he could do anything, the door was busted down and a bullet was fired through his head.
John cupped both of Sherlock’s cheeks, his panic increasing as he forced their eyes to meet. "Please, I want to meet the real you, when you're not starved and weak. I'm begging you to listen to me."
Sherlock had, to count, four near melt downs since that first one, one of them almost happening on a crime scene. He had to leave quickly and call John at work to come get him. He felt different too, his chest tender, which was irritating, though sometimes
Sherlock smiled, squeezing his hand a little as the car pulled away. "I agree...good name. Just long." He cleared his throat a little, "It's not that important really," he said shaking his head, reluctant almost. John's name was nice, concise to the point. Sherlock didn't understand him not liking his middle name. Still, John finally coming home, he wasn't in the mood to deny him anything. He sighed, "William...Sherlock...Scott...Holmes," he said, looking over at John.
Lestrade hated writing down every detail, but knew he had to. He, too, glanced back at the Omega in bed.
... the word caught Sherlock off guard. Hardly though surely – he was still thinner than he should be, pale and... well, Sherlock.
The auburn-haired man looked from the Afghani to John, his eyes narrowing. "I'm not through with you," he snarled, walking forward and cupping John's chin in a bruising grip. "Remember my face, because I'm coming back for you. And I'm keeping these," he said, holding up Sherlock's scarf and Katherine's doll. You have a fine taste in men, John Watson. But then, so do I." He bit at John's lip and licked up the blood before they all fled the building.
Sherlock jerked awake when he heard the yell, sitting bolt upright and wondering where it had come from. He looked over and saw John, the day’s events flooding back to him.
Sherlock watched John move down the hall, and then left for the living room to pick up their son, who was practically on the verge of screaming. "It's alright Mish," he murmured, rubbing the infants back and poking his head into the kitchen to check the timer. He sighed, then also checked upstairs really quick, seeing Katherine playing quietly. That done he went back downstairs and into the room to see John. "Don't hide John, please? Here... come see Hamish," he said, sitting on the bed and standing the infant up, holding onto him as Hamish bounced his legs, jumping up and down.
John nodded, setting his hands on Sherlock's hips and kissing him back. "About bloody time, too," he whispered, smiling up at Sherlock and then over to Katherine. He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder, closing his eyes for a moment. "You seem awake. Mind if I sleep?" he asked, pulling back to look up at Sherlock.
Katherine sniffled once, humming a small bit. She didn't say anything for a couple minutes, until she finally let out a small breath, mumbling quietly, her words indistinguishable. She fiddled with the fabric of her Papa's shirt, then smoothed it down, petting it softly as she shrugged a fraction.
Katherine arranged her dolls in the house, flipping furniture over and making a mess of the house, "Look Papa, someone killed the mom and now a police man and Daddy have to figure out who did it and....and catch bad guy," she said, turning back to play some more. She liked playing detective, and had already staged a robbery in the house as well.
Sherlock bowed his head, ears burning with a slight shame. He turned his head to the side, not meeting John's gaze. He rubbed his hands up his forearms with a sigh. "All a bit stupid, I suppose... I just… my thoughts wouldn't slow, they wouldn't go away... felt like I was getting ripped apart," he said quietly. "And now I'll always have these," he said, feeling the scars with his thumbs.
John’s eyes were wide and he froze, the man jerking away as if surprised that the knife had actually gone into him. But what else did he expect the knife to do?
They sat in the cab for a moment, the driver turning around and looking at them and Sherlock shot him a look. The metre was still running; he could wait.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, I'm walking home," he said. "I want to walk, John; I haven't done anything for weeks it feels like. I need the air," he said, still holding onto John's hand. "Need it," he repeated again, looking up at the sky.
Sherlock took a sip of the soup, his face expressionless. "I see," he said plainly, not showing the thoughts going through his mind.
He hadn’t even opened his eyes when he heard the footsteps on the stairs, not the usual pattern of someone eager for his services, nor the inspector he worked with from time to time. No, there was apprehension here. The feet stopped in the doorway and Sherlock cracked his eye open slightly.
Sherlock nodded, tugging on his own pair of shoes, though it was getting harder and harder to do up his own laces, and some days it didn't even feel like his shoes fit right. He stood up, taking John's hand and walking out to their coats, shrugging his on and handing John's over. "It'll be okay," he said, looking at John. He swallowed, looking down. "As hard as... that was yesterday I... I feel better for it. And at least you haven't put it off five years. It only gets worse."
Tomorrow already? Sherlock let out a breath, looking at Katherine, who still didn't seem too happy with them leaving. Sherlock bounced his knees a little. "Hey... you're going to have fun with your Gran though, aren't you?" he asked softly. "She’s probably going to spoil you senseless with biscuits and the like," he murmured softly into her ear, eliciting a giggle from the three year old.
Ten minutes later John was getting into a cab and Sherlock handed a good amount of money to the driver to cover the fare, whatever it wound up being. John thanked him and gave the address to his bedsit, wanting to sleep and not think too much on what was…or should have been impossible.
"You should work on that self-conscious tendency of yours," John murmured, casting another smile at Sherlock. "I know you're used to mostly negative attention, but, love, most people aren't like that. Most people are, if not good, then indifferent." He leant over, purposefully pressing a kiss to his cheek.
Sherlock whined a little, breathing heavily as he loosened one hand from John's back down to himself, running his hand up his length almost frantically, needing the friction. "Oh... god, John..." he panted, swallowing thickly as his hips bucked a small bit. "Y-you... saved me... didn't meet... but...’m the lucky one..."
"Hang on," John murmured, walking back into the bedroom to grab his bottle of painkillers, tipping two out into his hand and swallowing them down. He walked back into the living room, taking Sherlock's hand and smiling at him before making his way down the stairs.
The first time Sherlock deduced what Katherine had done at day care, and just what she'd got in trouble for (calling a boy an idiot, for which Sherlock was proud, and John stern) she had demanded that he do that to everything, everyone. She seemed to appreciate it like John had.
John to the cabbie to go to Bart's, and then he paid attention to Sherlock, trying to calm him down. "She'll be fine, love, I'm sure," he said calmly, his doctor voice firmly in place. "And Harry said that the pups are fine, too. Don't you worry about them. Mum wouldn't have let anything happen to them, you know that." He nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, kissing under his jaw. "Just take deep breaths, it'll be okay."
"Maybe it's not a good idea... maybe we should take her with or... or not go at all," he said quietly.
"Here," John said, handing Sherlock the butt of the gun. He moved to stand behind him, pressed close against his back, his arms lining up with the Omega's and his hands resting over both of Sherlock's on the gun. "I'm assuming you've shot before, but this one's a bit different from most 9 mils. You have to hold it with a teacup grip, or you won't be able to sight properly. She's fussy, my gun," he explained a little fondly. "Big kick on her, too, so when you're sighted, keep your head a little to the side, because she'll come back to here." John pulled the gun up to just about Sherlock's nose. "Let it kick that far. If you stiffen your arms shooting her, you'll miss, guaranteed."
John cleared his throat. "Shoes first, I think?" he asked his old friend politely, and the Alpha immediately nodded, leading them off to the back of the store and gesturing at an entire wall of men's shoes. John glanced over at Sherlock, nodding him forward.
John's lips flattened a little, but he didn't say anything. He knew that they would be cutting it close, but they were doing this for Katherine and for some normality, and they could both suffer a little for that. He would only call it off short if Sherlock's scent started spreading, in which case the whole thing became a safety issue. But up until that point...
Sherlock closed his eyes, setting the bottle down on the table and rolling over to snuggle against John's chest. He swallowed again. "S'just the heat... ‘m fine," he mumbled quietly. "My body wants them... s'what this is all for, making pups. Biological," he explained quietly.
Sherlock looked up at John when he said that, blinking once as John embraced him suddenly. He leant his head on John's shoulder, wondering what brought it on.
John made a small noise, pulling back and gently pushing Sherlock's shoulder to make him lie down. John did the same beside him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and pulling him close, nuzzling into his hair.
John made an indifferent noise. "I'm not tired," he protested, leaning against Sherlock just to be near to him. He looked down at Sherlock's hand in his pocket, recognising the tell-tale signs of a gun. "You still have it?" he asked, glancing up at the Omega and then back down at his pocket. "Did you use it at all last night?"
Sherlock swallowed thickly. "Why... why aren't you like them?" he asked, lifting his hand to look at the bandaging on his wrist. He reached over for the glass, wanting a bit more. "And... I don't think they're broken again, jus' hurts," he mumbled.
"The only way you'd look better is if..." John stopped himself, shaking his head before he revealed that. "Actually, never mind. I'm not giving you that much power over me," he teased, nipping Sherlock's lip once more before dropping down onto his heels.
Sherlock smiled, kissing John and nuzzling his nose against John's cheek. "All to yourself," he murmured, liking that idea. God he'd missed it - belonging to someone.
Sherlock hummed a little, blinking a couple times and looking at John. "I'm fine," he said automatically, rubbing Katherine's arm a little. "Perfectly fine..." he repeated, looking down at their daughter who sat up a little. She reached out and touched his cheek, her fingers feeling cool to the touch.
John studied Sherlock's features, the expression behind his eyes. "Unless you..." he swallowed, the thought ludicrous after what they had gone through and with how Sherlock acted around people. "Unless you'd rather share with me," he whispered, unable to stop the hope blooming up in his chest that Sherlock would want to. "I'm tired of being away from you." He gripped Sherlock's fingers, glancing back up at him.
John lifted him up into his arms, spotting a couch and walking over to it, setting him down gently and putting Sherlock's head in his lap. "Just stay still," he instructed, combing his fingers through Sherlock's curls and checking his pulse, which was a bit too rapid for his tastes. "Deep breaths."
"It is four. What have you been doing all day?" John asked, glancing around the flat for something, though he wasn't quite sure what.
The flat was very nearly baby-proof at this point, even though they still had a couple of weeks, and after that probably close to a year before Katherine started crawling and getting into things, but he wasn't taking any chances. John had treated too many children with careless parents, and that was not going to happen to them.
Sherlock slept for several hours, used to being woken up every hour or so the last few days, never allowed full sleep. When he started to wake up, the first thing he was aware of was the ache in his side, and then the soft bed under him, and that he was covered with an equally soft blanket. His forehead creased a little, fingers flexing slightly as he felt the bedding under them.
John hummed happily when Sherlock combed through his hair, a smile tilting his lips. He took a few steadied breaths, letting himself drift off a little further, until he was almost completely unconscious.
Sherlock could feel himself going mad, he could. He thought maybe he'd been going mad before, with the things he sometimes thought, but this was actual madness he felt. They wouldn't let him go, wouldn't let him see his children. He just wanted Hamish back. He wanted to hold his son...god it had been two weeks...roughly. Mindy came and visited, they said they wouldn't allow the children back. It wasn't fair...he spat cruel deductions at the orderlies but they ignored him mostly, and with each passing day he became more bitter. He'd had his son a month and took him away, a month!
“Daddy noooo!” She exclaimed between fits of giggles. It was so good to hear her laugh after everything.
As soon as the cab pulled up, John tossed a twenty at him and ran for the door, only to remember that he had given his keys to Sherlock all those months ago. He pounded on the door, listening as light heel clicks approached and Mrs Hudson opened the door. He pushed past her, apologising and went up the steps, pushing his way into the flat.
Sherlock's heart caught in his throat and he blinked. He hadn't anticipated that. He tried to think of the variables. It was still possible, but then... Moriarty. He was a loose cannon, an untied lace. He couldn't just let him leave.
"I'm going down to get the post!" he called over his shoulder to Sherlock and Kat, who were playing in the living room before he trotted down the stairs, picking up the few envelopes and the folded newspaper lying just inside the door. He mounted the stairs again, flicking through the envelopes--mostly bills--until his eyes fell upon one that was addressed to him without a return address. He opened it up, unfolding the letter and quickly reading through it.
John hadn't realised that he had lost enough weight for Sherlock to be able to carry him. It was a little embarrassing, and quite a bit disconcerting, but he supposed it was a good thing in this case, or he would have ended up sleeping with Mrs. Hudson. He sighed a little when Sherlock set him down on his side of the bed and ran his finger over the sheets. "God, it's so good to be home," he murmured, glancing up at Sherlock with a few tears in his eyes.
"You're a bloody idiot, and I fucking hate you, you giant git," John murmured. "But yeah, I'm here." He set his hand on Sherlock's and squeezed. "Go back to sleep," he ordered, pushing out of bed to follow after his daughter.
John turned the water on hot, then stepped out of his clothes and walked in. He whined a little on instinct at how hot the water was, but he didn't step out of it. He stood directly under the spray, letting the sobs tear through him until it eventually brought him to his knees, his arms wrapped around his stomach.
Sherlock smiled, nodding, though he felt an ache when he saw John's pain. "She is, I'll message Harry, tell her to bring her round if you're up to it. She does so well in school, and your mother said that she was a doctor for Halloween." he said with a small smile, looking at John. She sent me a picture, here." he said, pulling out his phone and showing John. "Granted...she was a zombie doctor, but...it seems that's something that kids are into those these days." he said with a shrug. "I think it says something for how much she thinks of you." he murmured, taking up the bottle which had been resting against his chest.
He repeated that in his head, looking back up at Sherlock and watching closely, protectively, as he slept.
"She's a mortician then... makes sense she'd have a lab at her disposal," Sherlock murmured. They pushed through a pair of doors and Sherlock blinked, seeing all the rows of freezers for bodies, and a partially covered body on a slab. He didn't see anyone in the room, though, but there were a few doors off to the side. Probably an office, and the lab.
"A friend of mine dragged me along," John explained briefly, letting Sherlock curl up. "I'm glad he did." He ran his hand through Sherlock's curly hair, even though it was filthy, and down his neck to soothe across his back. "Sleep if you need to. I'll be down the hall and will be able to hear if you wake," he whispered, instinctively pressing a soft kiss to the boy's temple.
"I love you, too," John replied, able to feel and smell the change in Sherlock that shifted him from wanting to needing. "Oh, hello," John growled, biting at Sherlock’s lips and then down his neck. "Someone's early," he said cheekily, taking his fingers away and spreading Sherlock's legs wider. "God, you're so good, Sherlock. So good," he praised again his voice lowered once more.
"E-erm... bathroom..." Sherlock said, stomach flipping even more and he dashed up the stairs, able to find the toilet easy. He gulped down air, feeling like he was going to be sick, but it wasn't happening yet.
Sherlock spent the next few hours telling himself to go. To just do it, but he couldn't. He couldn't do it alone, and he knew that.
Sherlock relaxed a small bit, running his hand over his stomach once before stepping out of John’s hold, shrugging on a shirt and buttoning it up. "I don't know how to do this, John. You can't read this in a book because it's different for everyone. There are too many factors; I can't... deduce what's going to happen," he said, ruffling his damp hair as he always did. He huffed a breath, sitting on the bed.
Sherlock hummed, smiling against John's mouth. "Love you too," he murmured, pulling away a little. "Better mind that before it burns," he said, nodding towards the bubbling stew.
"Shit, no, Sherlock fight him back!" John raced out of the door as soon as he saw Sherlock getting forced into the cab. But as soon as he made to cross the street, he nearly got ran over and he lost sight of the cab as it drove away.
Shock was not something that happened to Sherlock, it was rare and usually fleeting to the point where no one even realized it had happened save for himself. Sherlock was so often able to deduce and know what was about to happen that very little caught him by surprise, and yet the man laying before him did exactly that.
"I'm not going to hurt you; you're fine," John reassured the Omega, smiling kindly at him when he relaxed again and he could start stroking with his fingers again.
"Mmm... you're here still," Sherlock mumbled quietly, shifting a small bit before settling again. His side didn't hurt anymore, which was nice – nothing hurt, really. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth.
Sherlock made a small noise as John was suddenly above him again, and he stole up John's lips happily. He reached up his arms to wrap around him, one of his hands weaving up into John's hair. He moved his hips up, grinding up against John a small bit, needing the friction...
Sherlock reached up and grabbed the tags hanging from his neck through his shirt, gripping onto them tightly. He swallowed tightly, feeling almost like he was going to be sick. He very well could be...he had reason to, and being pregnant. He stood up, walking over to Katherine who held up her arms to be held. Sherlock complied, putting a smile on his face for her. "Hey Katty girl," he said, lifting her. "You're getting almost too big to pick up honey. Not yet though...soon though I'll be too big to pick you up." he whispered quietly, holding onto her. She would be all he had while John was gone.
Sherlock looked around at the clothes, and then smiled. "How'd you know?" he asked, picking out a few dress shirts, and trousers as well as a couple jackets. He moved over and got a few pairs of jeans and some t-shirts. He found a cart and draped the clothes in it, grabbing some pyjamas.
" Funny, he had never begged before, but now he found it to be the only option. He tugged on Sherlock's hair, arching his back.
John shook his head, combing through Sherlock's curls and kissing his cheek and then down his cheekbone. "No, love, not at all," he murmured, holding him tighter. "You didn't ruin anything. I'm fairly flexible," he teased lightly. "I'm fine with cuddling or fucking. Either one will do." He kissed Sherlock lightly again, moving them so that they were lying down under the sheets.
"No, no not that," Sherlock said. "That I... it's here somewhere, John... put away in," he smacked the side of his head, "here. I haven't... that is, my people skills and such are... are rusty. I put them away... emotions," he said quietly. It had to be there, because after all, if he didn't love John, then why did losing him destroy him? "My chemistry, my body... I... I'm not an Omega. I can't... it doesn't feel like it should!" he said, frustrated. He'd ruined everything, if it was permanent...
John smirked at Sherlock, pulling the jumper over his wet hair and walking over to the bed. He tilted Sherlock's chin up, meeting his eyes with a soft smile.
John walked over to Harry, who had sat down hard in the chair next to the bed. He squeezed her shoulder, offering her a kind smile and wiping away her tears. "Don't let her see those," he teased, leaning down to kiss her forehead. "Let me know when she wakes up," he said softly before he turned and took Sherlock's hand. "We should go home," he said quietly.
"Hello, lads," Angelo said, stopping by with a smile. "What can I get everyone tonight, do we know?"
John just laughed, popping a piece of fruit in his mouth. "I'll do my best, though they're saying that after this test, I'm mostly just going to be doing hands-on. Apparently they think I'm ready for it. I'm doubting their confidence in me, but I'm not going to argue. Textbooks are the bane of my existence, I swear." He leant back on the couch, closing his eyes for a moment, just enjoying the serenity of the not-empty flat.
John forced the Omega to sit, turned a little onto his left hip, and leant him up against the armrest. Holding up his finger for Sherlock to wait before he argued, John went around the living room, gathering up pillows and blankets, stuffing them under Sherlock's belly and side to support him. He wasn't really lying down, now, but he wasn't sitting up or standing, either. "Now," he whispered, soothing his hand over Sherlock's belly where Katherine was still kicking away, "try to relax, and she will too."
Sherlock sighed when he heard his phone go off, not bothering to reach into his pocket to look at it. He didn't need Mycroft or Lestrade breathing down his neck more than they already did.
Sherlock opened his mouth, about to offer, though he realised he knew nothing about changing a diaper. He hadn't thought of that, but how hard could it be?
"Come on... let's get out," Sherlock said, climbing out and drying himself off. He set the towel on the toilet lid for John. "Need to take care of something," he murmured, stepping into the bedroom and stripping the sheets off the bed, fixing it up again nice with clean bedding. He sighed, pulling on a pair of pyjama bottoms and waiting for John.
John followed Sherlock’s gaze down to Katherine and found himself smilng. He combed some hair back from her face, leaning down to whisper in her ear. “Why don’t you go get your present that you got for Daddy? You remember where we hid it yeah?” he whispered, leaning back to grin at her.
, climbing the stairs of the flat. John unlocked the door and dropped the bag just inside it, automatically moving into the kitchen to start the kettle. He felt like absolute hell.
It was reaching the month and a half mark and Sherlock was even more irritated with everyone. He was full on smoking again, and pacing a crime scene when he heard his phone go off. He ignored it; as it wasn't his email, he didn't care. It went off several more times before he finally looked at it, rolling his eyes.
Lestrade shook John's hand. "Thanks, we'll certainly do our best. I'll be in touch about identifying some of them. Perhaps in a few days, once he's discharged and has had some time to settle, heal," Lestrade said with a nod, leaving down the hall and glancing back once. He turned the corner, pulling out his phone.
Sherlock hummed, shivering a small bit with a smile. He stood up, rubbing his back a little. "If I do, you'll still eat it," he said, grinning. He padded down the hall and into the kitchen, heating up some chicken soup. Ten minutes later he walked back into the room with a mug of soup and a spoon for John. "There, it's mostly broth, so I'd like to you try and finish it."
John set his empty plate on the table beside his chair, pushing to his feet and walking over to the couch, sinking down beside Sherlock. He reached up, carding his fingers through his still slightly mussed hair until it slid through his fingers like silk.
John smiled gently, nodding his head slightly. "Yes, I can understand that. I don't particularly want to deal with him either. When do you think he'll leave?"
John didn't say that, though. He remained quiet as they got into the cab and drove off, wrapping his arm tightly against Sherlock's waist, holding him close.
I'm so sorry again for just up and leaving. At least it wasn't for nothing, though. I ended up saving the Private's life. I hope Kat enjoyed the rest of her birthday. I hope it was better than the rest of mine. God, sorry. I don't mean to complain to you. I've only been here a month, but it feels like years already. I don't want to be here any longer. But I don't want to be moved or kicked out or anything like that, either, because I know I'm doing good here. I know I'm saving lives. I think about you all the time. And Katherine. But I would be lying, I think, if I said that it wasn't mostly you. I miss you, Sherlock. So badly. I need you here.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, still looking at him. It looked like John, it did, tanner, bit thin. He almost looked as if he had a few grey hairs, but that could just be the drugs they'd given him.
"You don't need to thank me for that. But you're welcome," John supplied, nuzzling closer to Sherlock.
John hummed quietly. "I'm not sure," he murmured, tracing Sherlock's spine, memorising every knot and dip between his vertebrae. "Does it have to have a label right now?" He wasn't sure how to define them except as flatmates, Alpha and Omega, and he didn't like those choices.
John broke away, leading Sherlock back into the bedroom and over to the chest of drawers, where he had set out a box. "I have friends in high places. They managed to get me an injection." He helped Sherlock completely out of his jacket and shirt, kissing and sucking slowly on his neck while he did. "Do you trust me?" he asked quietly, uncapping the needle and flicking it to get the air bubbles out.
“You…you fucking idiot! Why’d you have to…fuck!” he shouted, backing away before he took off down the alley.
Sherlock lowered his eyes when John changed, looking around the room as he stood in the doorway. This was John's room; he didn't want to put him out. Though, it was a large bed, and John had left one side open.
"Well when you can shave again, it goes or I'll do it in your sleep." he murmured, rocking Hamish as he sucked the bottle down quickly. "God yes, louder. Katherine was so quiet, hardly fussed over anything other than a nappie change or a bottle. This one, no...god, any little thing. Temperature needs to be just so, or he isn't positioned just right...and for the record I think that makes him more you. You said that you were a loud child, I wasn't." he murmured with a soft smile. "Guess they switched, because I'm the temperamental one now."
Sherlock scratched his neck a little, letting out a breath. "Had planned on it I suppose. My violin's there, and my skull," he said, turning towards the door and tugging it open. "Can't stand it here, let's just leave?"
John nodded happily, standing from the edge of the bed. "I'll go heat it up." He grabbed the two bowls of soup, one a beef stew, the other just broth, and moved to make for the kitchen.
Sherlock was asleep already by the time the hand was moving down his neck towards his back, breathing evenly, though it was a little raspy. He coughed a few times in his sleep, not stirring for anything else.
"Oh, my god," John breathed, dropping his head in his hands to hide his tears. "Thank you," he whispered, reaching out for one of Sherlock's hands. "Christ. Thank you."
John sighed, but he was smiling. "Maybe in a little bit then, huh?" He chuckled, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Don't fall asleep on me, though. Otherwise I won't be able to get up to eat," he teased, hooking their ankles together.
Sherlock was a little startled by the quick movements, almost worried about his side and stitches when John lifted him, but they were fine.
John moaned, lifting Sherlock's leg higher and biting along his neck, leaving small red marks as he pounded into him. He could smell how much Sherlock needed this, could feel how wet he was and how desperate. He still regretted his display of dominance earlier, but now he was glad for it, because if the kids were home for this… "Oh, fuck, Sherlock," he groaned, pushing his thrusts harder, deeper.
John put a piece of toast between his teeth, walking over to the fridge and pulling out a bottle of milk for Katherine. He took a bite of the toast and set it down, kissing Katherine's forehead as he set the bottle in hot water and walked into the living room for her medicine.
"There won't be a next time. We took care of that," Sherlock said quietly. "Alright? Promise," he said. "We take care of you, then we take care of him. Once he realises he's not getting through us... he'll show up himself. And he doesn't have his sniper anymore," he said quietly. He let out a breath. "Will you wash my hair?" he asked.
"Not sure uni would be the best option for you," John murmured, scooping water in his palms to help rinse Sherlock off. He thought for a moment, resting his chin on top of Sherlock's head and humming quietly, just holding him close.
Sherlock whimpered a little, his eyes closing as John's mouth moved down his neck, teeth grazing the skin.
Sherlock's breath caught in his throat and he wanted to be out of that room, he wanted to be with John, taking care of him, watching him hold their son. He swallowed, "Oh God...John." he said, "Why? Why would they...what did they want?" he asked, feeling sick. He had to get out of there.
Sherlock nodded dazedly, wincing some as they rolled as he settled onto his side. It was a little awkward, but he didn't dare want to try and move from the position. He hummed as his breath started to slow, and he opened his eyes a crack to look at John. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth.
Sherlock shook his head weakly, lurching up with a wince from the pain in his side, tossing open the door and spilling out of the cab, stumbling a little.
Sherlock nodded, taking the phone and dialling the number he had memorised. He ordered spring rolls, fried rice, sweet and sour chicken with extra pineapple, as well as the duck he knew John was fond of, and some crab cream cheese wan tons. He hung up the phone, leaning up to kiss John's jaw as he handed back the phone. "Thanks," he said with a small smile.
"You're more important," John whispered, leaning into Sherlock's touch and letting out a whimpered breath. He kept his eyes closed, because when he opened them, black spots dance along the edges of his vision, and he knew that meant concussion. God, and he was just so bleeding
John chuckled, easing Sherlock onto his side and slowly starting to massage circles into his lower back with his thumbs. He kissed his shoulder lightly, working his fingers up a little higher. "We'll go once you're rested," he promised, nuzzling against him. He knew Sherlock was bound to get snappish when he was tired – Lord knows he had yelled at John enough times. "Clara's going to be there, too," he said, moving his thumbs up along either side of Sherlock's spine, knowing which muscles to hit and where. "Got the text from Harry after you went to bed."
Another low growl pushed its way out of John’s chest as he pushed another finger into the Omega's leaking hole, gently working him open.
Sherlock stayed silent. He'd put that fear of abandonment in his daughter, and into John. He'd done that. He swallowed. Maybe them going wasn't that good of an idea.
Sherlock sighed gently, rolling over and snuggling close to John. “Whoever it is can wait. I'm enjoying myself while I can before we're interrupted," he murmured gently.
Harry felt pained for her brother, crossing the kitchen and wrapping her arms around him again. "Hey, it's alright, Johnny," she murmured quietly, rubbing a hand up his back.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?" John asked quietly, sitting down in his chair across from her. She was just a little over three years old, but he treated her like an equal. She was certainly intelligent enough for it. "You can talk to me, Katty, you know that."
Sherlock nodded, letting out a breath as John brought the conversation back to where it had been. "It won't, I promise," he said, reaching up and wrapping his fingers around John's wrist, feeling his pulse.
"You're on painkillers right now, and they're feeding you nutrients into your system." John gestured to the machines and needles responsible. "The hole in your stomach is patched up. I just figured you should know what's been done to you."
Sherlock shook his head, face twisted into a frown. He felt a huge pressure in his chest, ripping its way out of him. He shouted, a sob tearing out of his chest. He crumpled against John, wondering briefly why his face was wet, and then decided he didn't care, nuzzling close to John as the sobs still came.
Sherlock swallowed. "I... I have some news," he said. "And it's... it's good," he said. "You… saved me from that place. The auction that is, and I guess I really lucked out," he started. "And... it would seem that your sister did as well," he said quietly. "Recently enough, and according to the text Mycroft just sent me..." he said, picking up his phone as it went off. "Recently gone through substance abuse program, but living here in London," he looked up at John again. "Her last name is different now – she took her Alpha's – Stone. Harriet Stone," he said.
He helped her undress and slip into the tub, then sat on the toilet seat, resting back against the wall.
John looked up when Sherlock suddenly switched topics. Taking a deep breath, he stared down at his food and finally just set it down on his plate. "Have you been responding?" he asked, glancing up at Katherine and seeing her watching him closely.
Sherlock finally got to see John, all of John, in the light since he got back. It was still him, and he was still beautiful to Sherlock. He took his hand and sank into the water with a sigh, reaching up with one foot to turn off the water. He leaned back against John, reaching over for a cup to wet his hair with. "When you're ready," he said with a smirk.
Sherlock sat down at the end of the small sofa, his hands folded in his lap, gripping his fingers tightly. He glanced up at the mention of John's father, the three of them with somewhat mournful expressions.
John slammed into Sherlock, his knot filling rapidly as he came hard, Sherlock's muscles tightening around him to hold him in place. "God, fuck," he gasped, resting his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder and panting as he continued to roll his hips, gently stimulating Sherlock's prostate until he knew it would be too much. He then wrapped his arms around Sherlock and flipped them so that he was on his back and Sherlock was settled on top.
Sherlock nodded, smiling a little, and gave John's hand a squeeze. "Good, because I'm knackered," he murmured quietly, his head resting on John's shoulder. Despite the shorter man's stature, Sherlock had no problem curling up and feeling so small tucked next to him. He smiled again, resting his eyes for the cab ride.
"Then don't try to push me away!" John sat up quickly, turning to face Sherlock. "I am not a weakness and I am not a hindrance. I am your
"I'm making sure you're okay," John explained gently, tracing his fingers across Sherlock's cheekbone and down the line of his jaw. "I didn't want to have another nightmare and not be able to hear you."
John smiled a little. "Yeah, that it is." He sighed, squeezing Sherlock's hand and standing up again. "I'm just making tea. I need to wind down before I can even start thinking about bed."
"I do not bite your head off," Sherlock said quickly with a small huff. He looked out the window again with a small pout.
Sherlock sat in the room for a little while, thinking, trying to come up with a way to fix himself. He blinked a couple times, then scrawled out a quick note to John, leaving it on the bed, before he climbed out the window, neglecting to bring his coat, which still had John's gun in it.
Sherlock smiled, returning the pressure to John's hand. "I don't even have to say it... but I always will. I love you, I always will love you," he murmured. "Always, my John," he said. "Always my Katherine... my family," he said with a small sigh. "When you're better I'll have Mycroft release the information to the press... they'll bother us for a little while I'm sure, but... but I want to be back," he said.
John sighed softly, glancing at Sherlock's pocket and the ringing phone in it. It took him a moment – remembering Christmas and Sherlock's birthday – to recall that it was the sixteenth today. He mentally cursed himself, bringing out his phone and texting Harry that they weren't going, that he would call and explain later.
Sherlock swallowed. "I couldn't tell you... you were getting better. You are better," he said, letting out a breath. "I couldn't disappear while that was happening. So I stayed, tried to stay away from that place, but it happens more and more. I feel like I might get stuck sometimes," he let out a breath. "You do help me... you always have, I just... wanted to help you."
John braced himself on the edge of the bed so that he wouldn't fall too. He looked down at Sherlock and then at the IV in his hand, which was keeping him in place on the bed. He tugged it out without a second thought, slipping out of bed and sinking to the floor beside Sherlock. He cupped Sherlock's face in his hands, holding him steady. "You're alright, love. Hospital. I'm here, you're okay."
"Katherine, it's too slippery for that, I don't want you getting hurt," he called, also not wanting her to get too wet if they were going to a restaurant. "She has the day planned though...Sending her and Mish away for the rest of my birthday..." he said quietly, not wanting to upset her. Though he knew that at this point, it was too late to even try and suppress it. Maybe if he had a whole day to plan, but he didn't.
John's erection was straining against his trousers, but he could wait. He could wait for eternity if he was waiting for Sherlock. He walked up behind Sherlock, burying his fingers in the Omega's hair and turning his head so that he was looking away, down at the mattress. "Stay that way," he ordered, releasing him and coating his fingers with lube. He rimmed Sherlock slowly, building up his bondmate's need even further, before he pushed one finger in.
Sherlock set the table, fixing Katherine's plate first and cutting up her meat before setting it in front of her booster seat. He put Hamish's high chair up at the table too. While he didn't eat with them, it got him used to it, and he got to see everyone. "John, Katherine, dinner!" he called, pouring everyone some water, and Katherine some juice as well.
When John felt that Sherlock was open enough, he pulled away, grabbing the lube and slicking himself up as he positioned himself over Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed, nodding a little. "I know... just wish I knew what the game was... what they want. What
Sherlock started with a familiar piece, John's song, since he was right there listening. He smiled, losing himself in the music. Eventually he slowed, repeating different pieces, adjusting pitch. He'd pause occasionally, writing something down, erasing occasionally. He started over, creating a new notes and seconds. He glanced over at John occasionally, sighing softly with a smile before going back to his work.
"I... I've been stabbed three... well four times now, shot twice more, and almost drowned. I knew that I had to finish... before coming back, and I worked, everyday just to... to do that," he said, the comment about Katherine ripping out his heart. So too did John's rejection of him.
Sherlock sighed, resting the mug of tea on his stomach, which was quite useful as a table these days. He hummed a little as Mindy rubbed his back, leaning into her a bit. "I'm always thinking about John though..." he muttered. "He should be used to it," he said, looking towards John's chair. "I don't want him to save his energy...that just means he's going to come, and I don't want him to. Not without John here..." he said quietly.
The new nurse walked out to the waiting room, beckoning Sherlock forward, unsure if a three year old should really be listening to what she was going to be saying.
John blinked, finally tearing his eyes away from the wall and looking back down at John. "I wish I knew why," he said quietly, his old leg "wound" starting to hurt from talking about things that brought back such bad memories. "I don't like it, though," he whispered. "The last thing he said to me was that I had a good taste in men, but that he did too, and then he bit my lip hard enough to make it bleed, licked the blood, and then left." John shivered, remembering the look in the man's eyes. "He scared the hell out of me."
"I'll get the door!" Katherine exclaimed, tugging open the door the restaurant and pushing it open, leaning against it to hold it in place as Sherlock and John both walked through. They were greeted as per usual and lead to their table by the window. Sherlock slid into the booth and pulled Hamish out of his car seat, pulling off his winter layer, since the restaurant was so warm. The infant babbled happily at finally having his hands freed, reaching up and grabbing fistfuls of Sherlock's hair and tugging.
Sherlock felt his stomach drop, eyes scanning about, not seeing John. He spotted an employee door, only place they could have gone if John was incapacitated. He quickly ran through it and down the hallway, past crates, running towards what could only lead to a loading bay.
We hope you enjoyed the chapter. For those who have followed us as we published last time there will be a slight change. Both of us are in school and therefore fairly busy, so posting of part three of Always will be down to once a week on Sundays, though that's not to say we may never post earlier than that or more than that. But you can count on one chapter each week for sure.
The nurse led them from the waiting room as she started to talk. "Unconscious right now. He's stable. All of the ulcers were operated on and patched up, and you won't get any surprises like this one again in the near future," she assured, walking past a second nurse's area and towards a recovery area and the private rooms. "He's lucky, though. There was some internal bleeding in addition to what he was vomiting. Recovery time is sitting at a week for walking. No lifting things heavier than ten pounds for two weeks. Restrictions to baths only. Soft foods for the first five days, to be safe. After two weeks, he should be fine, if a little sore." She paused outside of a room and slowly opened the door. "You're welcome to go in."
Sherlock eyed his brother, not saying anything. It seemed odd, and yet Sherlock found it easier to forgive his brother now. He may not have saved Sherlock from that place, but he had saved John. And it was enough. "You haven't met Elizabeth yet, have you John?" Mycroft has softly, obviously attempting some sort of normal conversation since he knew that John had in fact not seen the infant. Sherlock had to admit it was pretty good, figuring Greg was having a good influence on his brothers 'people' skills.
Sherlock let out a breath, stepping cautiously into the room, sinking down into one of the chairs, already tired from standing.
Christmas was tomorrow, and, Christ, it had been a chore buying all of Katherine's presents without her instantly trying to seek them out. She was excited, and that made John excited. This would be the first Christmas that they would have together as a family, and he was a bit nervous about what Sherlock would think of his present.
Sherlock turned around, the gun up again, but with his left hand, the other holding up John. He narrowed his eyes a little, John growing heavier on his arm. "Not sure why it took so long. I've been here a year, where were you?" he asked, wetting his lips a little.
John sighed, rolling over and setting his hand on Hamish's back. "Just us again, hm?" he asked, rubbing his thumb between Hamish's shoulder blades. "You'd think that Daddy was purposefully trying to get me to spend more time with you." He sighed again, picking Misha up and rolling onto his back to set him on his stomach.
After a few minutes, Harry stood, feeling terrible for the comment about John getting shot at from their last visit. "I-I need a drink," she said, stepping out into the kitchen.
"He's fine, John. I wanted to tell you that now. Sherlock is absolutely fine," Maria said, nodding at the other Omega. She let out a breath, looking at John. "He did have... a miscarriage, John," she said slowly. "It's common among Omegas with their first pregnancy," she said, looking at Sherlock. "However," she continued, "one of the pups is still alive," she said softly. "Fraternal twins. Had they been identical..." she trailed off, looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock felt like his heart was breaking, though it broke the moment John said he was being sent back. "Shh...shh John, it's okay...it'll be okay," he said, holding John tightly in his arms. John couldn't go back like this, they couldn't take a soldier who would just break down on the front lines, a doctor whose hands would shake. Maybe they could use this. "John...we'll set up a meeting, you'd have to get a physical anyway...we...we'll make sure you're not fit for active duty," he said, though really...as he was, he wasn't fit for duty.
John slapped Sherlock's knee weakly, glaring up at him. "You are so not funny," he said, though a smile tugged at his lips. He hummed again at Sherlock's hand in his hair, pushing it back away from his forehead and letting cooler air reach his skin. "Need a hair cut," he said, resting his head against Sherlock's shoulder again and closing his eyes for a moment.
John shoved Sherlock's shoulder playfully, laughing quietly, not sure if Kat was asleep yet or not. "Hey, shut it. I'm damn near thirty," he said, leaning down to kiss Sherlock lovingly.
Sherlock slid into the cab, fingers drumming on the seat. He looked down when he felt John's hand cover his, giving his fingers a small squeeze. "Of course it is," he said, adjusting his scarf a little and giving John a small smile.
John winced at the reminiscence to the second day they had been together, when John had forced Sherlock to the hospital for his stomach. "Hurts, doesn't it?" he asked, gazing worriedly at Sherlock's opposite shoulder, taking his hand and stroking his knuckles. "I wish you weren't going through this right now," he murmured, brushing his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
John reached for it, slipping some onto his fingers and then the thermometer. "Probably," he replied, easing off her bottoms and trying not to show how much he was worrying. "I just want to know how bad she is. Touch isn't accurate with infants." He eased in the tiny thermometer as quickly as he could, cringing as she screamed louder. Thankfully, these were faster as well as more accurate. He looked down at the temperature and swore quietly. "38.5 degrees. Yeah, let's go."
Katherine whimpered a little, her small fingers balling up in the back of John's shirt. She was still shaking, and nodded, not saying anything in response to what was being whispered to her.
“Do not think it has escaped my notice, but you have not eaten in over a week. Nine days if I recall correctly.” Sherlock sighed laboriously.
"I ate the whole sandwich," Sherlock offered. "And all the milk... more than you did. Which, I might add, you need to finish. The skinny whelp is eating more than you," he said with a small smile, using one of the names from the auction house and kissing John's nose sweetly before he climbed out of the shower, wrapping himself up in a towel.
Sherlock let out a breath; he wanted to reach out and hold John, but if he set Katherine down she would just get fussy. "John, throwing up won't help, your body only thinks it will. Just... try to breathe," he murmured. He didn't know what to say. When he'd been forced to go through withdrawal he'd been pretty much shoved in a padded room to work it out. "I don't... the only thing that will help is to take whatever it was that was inducing your PTSD. And that's not an option John."
Sherlock hardly remembered being moved from recovery into their more permanent room for their brief stay. He was too busy looking at Hamish. God...he was perfect. Being a newborn he only wanted to sleep and eat, and after Sherlock fed him the first time the small pup got a dozey look that just achingly reminded Sherlock of the sleepy look John got when he relaxed after a day at work. Sherlock didn't want to relinquish him for anything, and didn't feel comfortable letting anyone else hold him. He was the same with Katherine, he'd only let John hold her, nurses he allowed under protest. Only this time he didn't have John.
John sighed, easing off of the bed and trooping into the bathroom for a ritual shower, his mind still on the previous night and the kiss – kisses – he and Sherlock had shared. It was going to be a long day away from the Omega, and John was sure he wasn't going to be able to focus.
John gently took Sherlock's hand away from his wound, freeing the area up for Maria too keep working. "Keep still, love," he murmured, locking gazes with him. He could feel how off Sherlock was through the bond, and he didn't like it. It was upsetting, and all he wanted to do was hold him and cuddle him and make it all better. But he knew Sherlock had pulled stitches, and they needed to be redone.
," John teased, laughing and poking Sherlock in the ribs. "Alright, up you get, I'm going to go make us some lunch. Alfredo alright with you?" he asked, pushing to his feet and wandering into the kitchen.
John huffed out a breath of laughter, settling back against Sherlock and holding his hand to his chest. "You're ridiculous," he muttered, closing his eyes and letting himself drift off to sleep. His eyes pulled open later, and he checked the clock to see what time it was.
"Oh, honey, no. Papa must have something else; you didn't have to go see a doctor, did you?" She shook her head. "There, so it's not your fault," he said. "You just colour a little more; I'll be right by the desk talking to someone." Keeping her in his sights, he walked up to the counter. "It's been nearly three hours, and I need to know where my mate is
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock again, one hand winding into his hair and just staying there. Tears slipped from his eyes and he let them, not caring anymore who saw his emotions. He was leaving in too short of a time frame, and he knew that they had to leave the flat in less than an hour to give him enough time at the airport.
John snapped his eyes up at that comment, his jaw tightening for a moment. But he didn't say anything.
"Hadn't we already agreed that I'm not like most Alphas? Can that not apply to people as well?" John asked quietly. "But, if that is the case, then I'm glad we met the way we did, because... I don't know, Sherlock. I don't trust people, as a general rule. It takes years to earn true trust from me but you... you did it in under a week, and by doing what? Being ill?" He shook his head, turning to kiss the Omega's curls. "I trust you, and I like you, and I think you're brilliant. I don't know what else to say."
Sherlock nodded, taking John's hand from his neck. "They had to go down there too, shouldn't be much of a mark though," he said quietly. "She's laying in the other bed, hold on." he said, stepping away to perch lightly on the other bed, rubbing Katherine's shoulder.
"She's quite like you," John said by means of agreement, smiling softly down at her. "Might have to put a bell on her when she starts crawling," he teased, pouring hot water over the teabags. He picked up his mug, taking a long sip of it and smiling over the rim at Sherlock
John jumped back to the present, gasping in long startled breaths. "Not real. You're not there anymore," he murmured to himself, dropping his forehead against the tiles and trying to forget about it all.
Sherlock nuzzled against John's chest, his fingers twisting in the chain around his neck, fiddling with the tags. "I'm still sorry... I wanted you to have your family back," he said quietly.
Sherlock whimpered when he heard other voices, and he felt another set of hands on him, feeling John's get pulled away. He realised then that his eyes were closed, pulling his head away when each eye was forced open and a blindingly bright light was shone into it. He gasped as more pressure than he thought was possible was put onto his shoulder, before he was lifted up onto something. He struggled weakly, confused, and terrified. Where was John? He felt a small stab into his arm, and heard shouting as it all just sort of blinked away, all the noise and sensation disappearing at once.
"Interviews are important John!" Sherlock said, straightening the ridiculous tie John insisted on wearing. "I may not much care for first impressions, but I gather that normal people do so... there," he said, stepping back. "Fine then, you're ready, just... go. Erm, good luck or whatever it is people say. Is it bad to say good luck?" he asked.
Harry blinked, looking at John. "You're leaving him to be interrogated you mean. You know mum, she gets right to the quick of it, and perhaps Sherlock's had enough time alone with her for now. Don't want him freaking out again, he'll never come back to visit," she said.
John smiled, despite the situation. He kissed Sherlock's collarbone, nibbling his way gently up his neck to his jaw, nuzzling underneath it. "I'm glad we had that, too," he whispered, seeking out Sherlock's lips and holding them captive for a moment.
Sherlock let out a breath when he rolled away from John. He caught his breath, his head resting on the bed as he looked at John for a moment, cheeks still flushed red. He swallowed, "Th...thank you," he said, pushing himself up slowly, swaying a little as he looked around the room. He licked his lips, not wanting to leave the room, not without John. Though part of him was still angry, feeling almost betrayed by John not helping him cool off.
Just over five months from returning from Afghanistan, John has grown tired of the routine that has become his life. Under the assumption nothing happens to him, things take a turn for the worst when something finally does.
"I know," John whispered, nuzzling against Sherlock's chest and licking off some of the sweat. He had missed it terribly, had missed Sherlock terribly, but now he had him back. Everything was right in the world.
Sherlock opened his mouth when John got up, but he closed it before he could do something as childish as ask for him not to.
Sherlock shivered, starting to feel his pants getting a bit damp. He whined a little, nodding as he bit down on his lip. This was his worst heat, had to be, because apart from the flu, he wasn't alone, but John was hurt. "I kn-know," he said, swallowing thickly.
Sherlock rested back against John, closing his eyes as his head calmed a little. He hummed, feeling John's tongue on his new mark, the old tether to Victor decimated. He swallowed. "Mm love you," he murmured quietly.
Sherlock winced a little, listening to John in the bathroom. He stood up, crossing over to the window and peeking out the curtains, the sun having risen all the way now. He blinked a few times, looking up at the bit of sky that he could see, sighing.
"Unless it's a triple homicide then I'm not sure I'd be interested," he murmured. He looked at Katherine, holding his hands out. "Come on Katty girl..." he tried, gesturing over to her. "You can do it," he said. Katherine wobbled on her feet, looking over at him and holding her arms out as if to be lifted up.
Sherlock sighed, getting into the shower and humming at the warmth. After he'd finished, which he spent a little while in there, he dried off and pulled on the pyjamas he'd picked out, moving into the bedroom. He waited a little while, hearing the occasional page flip. He sighed, falling asleep curled up in a small ball, stitches still uncovered.
Sherlock nearly dropped the gun, putting the safety back on and pocketing it, letting out a relieved breath. "I... you weren't downstairs I... sorry," he said, taking a breath.
The first time he used some of it, he knew it was the right decision, all the worry and hurt just leaking out of him, and he couldn't think. It was perfect. He'd taken up residence the next week in a rundown warehouse among his fellow degenerates, passing as a Beta as it turned out, his suppressants working better than he could have hoped, not that he cared to write down data.
"Well enough as can be expected," Sherlock murmured, not looking at John. "After being drugged, and not by the type my body would prefer..." he said, reaching down to his arm and ripping off the useless patches that were there with a wince. He'd forgotten to take them off. Oh well.
Sherlock took a breath as John's teeth grazed by the small scar he had from his surgery almost a year ago, his own gaze moving over John's tanned skin. He was tanned even on his torso, no doubt on the days when they were safe in camp they would take off their shirts. It was then that Sherlock saw all the small nicks and cuts on John's skin, the scars there. Each one told a story, ones that he would deduce later before asking John to tell him. For now he smiled, his fingers tracing over a few lightly.
Sherlock slept for a couple hours, his breathing even. He shifted slightly on John's lap as he started to come to, blinking his eyes open and looking up at him. "Hey," he murmured quietly, letting out a slow breath as he stretched a small bit.
Cliffhanger shouldn't be for long. I'm sorry for not having it up yet! D: School is a bit of a priority I am afraid. My work load goes down after Wednesday so that's the latest it should go up. Sorry lovelies!
John nipped and laved lightly against Sherlock's neck, humming at how he tasted. "I can make us something. Salad with broiled chicken sound good?" he asked, leaning back to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked once, his neck still aching. He didn't take anything...not like this, not during a heat. Because...well because he couldn't. Especially with the aching reminder on his neck, he listened to John. He
“Goodness, you keep eating like this and I’ll have to add rice cereal to your bottles,” he murmured. John glanced over at Sherlock and then at Hamish.
Sherlock couldn't help the tensing, as much as he tried not to. He swallowed, holding onto John's hand. He let out a breath, turning his head towards where the pillow was that John had used the night before. He hummed softly, able to also pick up on the scent rolling off of John now.
"There's a lot that happened that I should tell you, when you're ready to hear it. All the things I never told you in my letters." John wiped at his eyes again, reaching forward to comb through Sherlock's hair, stopping himself before he touched him. He gave Sherlock a questioning look, asking for permission.
John had to fight down his laugh at the look of 'save me' in Sherlock's eyes, and he winked over at his mother, loving every moment of Sherlock's obvious discomfort. Sherlock needed to learn how to relax a little, and besides, this meant that his mum had completely forgiven him, so there was no reason to be upset.
Sherlock looked down at his soup as if studying it intently. He didn't know why the idea of John leaving was so.... unappealing. And that was before Sherlock started calculating the statistical likelihood that John was shot... and killed.
John slowly stood from the bed, walking over to grab the lube from where Sherlock said it would be and then returning to the bed, settling himself between Sherlock's legs. He hitched one of Sherlock's knees up, nuzzling against the inside of his thigh – another spot that had a heavy concentration of his smell – his eyes focused on Sherlock's the entire time.
John groaned when Sherlock helped him stand, almost sure he was going to be sick again, but he fought it down once more.
John glanced up at Sherlock, casting him a worried look. "That wasn't the Alpha that was in our flat. Different scent, see?" He turned his shoulder so that Sherlock could smell the scent left behind by the other Alpha on his jacket. "You're alright, love."
Sherlock woke up again when a nurse came in to check his vitals and line, smiling down at him softly. He thought he heard her murmur that he could go home that evening, but he dozed off again before he could even say that he wasn't sure he had one.
"So long as I don't keep getting food poisoning," John joked, leaning up to kiss Sherlock softly. "She's going to be perfect and small and just... the best of both of us," he whispered, nuzzling against Sherlock's collar. "And with any luck, she'll have your eyes. And don't ruin my hopes by saying your eyes aren't a dominant trait. Mine aren't either," he said, leaning back to look at Sherlock.
John swallowed, flicking his gaze away and then back up at the doctor. "Tonight," he said, his voice steady and solid. He gripped Sherlock's hand tighter, keeping them both steady.
John again felt a stab of guilt in his chest, knowing that he wouldn't always be at the hospital. He would come home with less scars, because he wouldn't be going out on every mission, but he would probably have bigger scars, deeper wounds, because he'd be out on the harder missions, the deadlier ones. His stomach clenched, thinking about going through the fifteen months without Stephen, without all of the people that he knew. He shook his head, not liking lying to Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed, shuffling his feet a little bit. "No, because I can't control the music, it dictates where I go, how I move." he said, stepping on one of John's feet.
Sherlock was quiet for a few minutes, finally looking up at John. "Why didn't you look back? At the gate, when you left..."
"Um...Papa? Was thinking maybe don’ want get sick," she said, rubbing her nose a little with a sniff. "And maybe medicine won't be icky with chocolate milk?" she asked quietly, twisting her fingers.
"Here," John offered, taking Katherine from him with only a slight protest from Sherlock. "We'll take turns eating. You first." He motioned at Sherlock's plate with raised eyebrows when he didn't listen right away. "I'll eat too, don't worry. But like the nurse said, you're still feeding her. You need to eat." He bounced Katherine a little when she made a small fuss, waving that arm around again. John sighed lightly, smiling and letting her grab onto his finger again, not bothering tucking her arm back in right away.
"Nothing much," John lied, smiling over at Sherlock. "Just the usual 'hurt my brother and I'll kill you' speech." He twirled his phone on his palm before slipping it back into his pocket. "He was just wondering if you were with me, is all," he said, turning to stare out of the window as the first droplets of rain started to fall.
John rolled over a short while later, feeling an empty bed beside him. He groaned, pushing up on his elbows and peering blearily around the room, seeing the bathroom door closed.
John smiled. "Then I want my damned blond curls," he said teasingly, quiet enough so that Katherine wouldn't hear him swear. "It doesn't matter to me if you have a boy, a girl, or a triceratops," he said, rather serious about it, but joking to lighten Sherlock's mood. "So long as you're healthy and it's healthy, I'm happy."
John closed his eyes, swallowing down the anger that was rising up. Anger that was directed at himself, Stephen, Bill, the world, and anyone else he could think to blame for fifty-three people dead. He turned away from the stone and leant against Sherlock, his head resting on Sherlock's shoulder.
John groaned, looking over at Sherlock and then pushing himself up into a sitting position, crossing his legs and picking up the banana.
"You were put on that mission on purpose. It had to be you, because no one else would be stupid enough to stick with it if they lived. But they never told you." Lucian pouted, his eyes tracing John's lips and ignoring the phone that suddenly started ringing. "Poor John, the obedient soldier, the manipulative game piece, and they never told you what you were getting into."
"You needed me, idiot," John said, watching Sherlock pacing as he laid down, giving Maria access to his incision. "Of course I wasn't going to listen to you." He winced as she cut the stitches, tugging them out prematurely so that they could be replaced. "He has stitches, too," he told her quietly so that Sherlock wouldn't hear.
It had been almost four days, and he never allowed himself to starve for longer. So he made himself eat, not realising that Katherine was sitting much the same way, eating the crackers, looking worn out still, and a bit off colour.
Sherlock sat himself on the bed, sitting Hamish down to face him, put between his legs so he didn't topple over. "Try just sitting up first Mish, you're still a few months or so away from crawling," he told the infant. He carefully let go of the pup, keeping his hands hovering nearby just in case. Hamish wobbled, then started to lean. Sherlock let him fall first so that he learned, and then helped him sit up again. He continued this, glancing up at John occasionally as he got dressed.
Sherlock looked at John. "K-keeping me?" he asked. "But... ‘m broken," he mumbled, his head fuzzy. "They... broke, said they did. Liked it too," he murmured, widening his eyes a little and blinking a few times. "I am... really... doped-up right now. Don't hurt, even thinking 'bout 'em. Wha' they did," he said, swallowing thickly.
He sighed, glancing at John and Katherine. "I've just told you that I don't," he said, looking down. "I don't respond, I don't say anything, I've told you. He's just trying to get a reaction out of me," he said, feeling almost like he was being scolded. He didn't want John to worry was all.
John looked over at Sherlock, smiling when their eyes met. "Katty girl, why don't you go get dressed? Papa can make some French toast when you come back down, how does that sound?" He got off of the bed slowly, stretched, and then held his hand out to his daughter to help her down.
Sherlock let out a breath, dropping the phone on the bedside table, and rolling back towards John with a smile. "Solved it, problem solved, done with," he said with a grin, kissing John.
Sherlock looked up at John, biting his lip. He stood up, tentatively walking over to the bed. "It did happen... we can't pretend it didn't. I'm a walking canvas of the proof," he said quietly. "But.." he said, voice cracking a little as he still had his arms wrapped around himself, feeling like he was falling apart, he
"Bed," he instructed, pushing Sherlock back until his knees hit the edge of the mattress. Once Sherlock was sitting, John efficiently stripped the Omega of his trousers and pants and tossed them away, nuzzling against his stomach, his hands splayed on his thighs, and immediately licked a line up Sherlock's length.
Lestrade sighed. "Christ," he breathed, shaking his head. "Your statement will be sufficient enough for now; you were there and saw the conditions; for individual accusations though, once we've made arrests, if we're to get the bastard in charge, we'll need him to identify which one. Anonymously of course – we wouldn't jeopardise his security.”
Sherlock whined when John shook slightly, lifting his head weakly when he started scrubbing him down. "Mmtrying." he mumbled, shivering when the water started to drain. Before he knew it he was being tugged out of the tub, and sat on the edge of it as John ran a towel down him. He winced as he moved, sore from it all.
Sherlock swallowed, shaking his head a little; that was just the heat talking. It was a biological response; the heats were there to have Omegas reproduce.
Just the thought of not being alone during that time was nice, but not if it was one of them. They never did that during his heat though – liked to hear the Omegas beg for it, but never once laid a finger on them during that time; it was torture.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open when John paused, wondering why it was he stopped. It took Sherlock a second to make a decision, though really he hadn't made it. Despite that, he turned his head a fraction and pressed his lips gently to John's. He'd never done this before, but it felt... nice, interesting, and warm.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist, stopping his movements easily and pulling him back against his chest. "You're not taking that bath, Sherlock," he growled, nipping and kissing the mark at the back of his neck. "I am not risking you getting horribly ill from it."
John looked over at Sherlock, raising his eyebrows. "I'm a doctor. I'm assuming you know where I stand on this?" Anything to help figure out what was wrong with their daughter, he would agree to. She could stand a little bit of discomfort if it wasn't pain and it made her better in the long run.
John reached out, gently combing his fingers through the boy’s errant curls, soothing his fingers down his neck and to his shoulders. “You’re alright. I promise, you’re alright.”
Sherlock rubbed her back, letting out a breath; maybe he'd have to call Molly sooner, he did not feel well. "Hey little girl," he said, getting her attention. "You're going to be visiting Aunt Molly for a little bit today, maybe spend the night," he said quietly, knowing Katherine knew her.
"You're just teasing me now!" Sherlock complained, yipping a little at the bite, but it was swallowed by a moan as John took him into his mouth. He tried moving his hips up, needing that friction, good god... John's mouth. He whimpered, still squirming lightly.
Sherlock's eyes snapped up to the door when it opened, waiting to yell at Lestrade or Anderson or whoever was doing this to him but his expression was frozen once more. John was standing there, in the same fatigues he'd seen in that dream months ago. That wasn't fair, how many times did that even have to happen, his mind was... he was fine! He'd been doing fine!
John forced them all to sit down at the table for a proper breakfast as it was now finally an appropriate time for eating, and then asked Katherine to go get dressed. "We've got to go to Gran Gran's, remember?"
Of course, he hadn't told Sherlock that, the same way that he hadn't told him about the list he had started keeping. Every soldier he had lost so far got his or her name written on a piece of paper, along with their birth date. He kept the list right beside Sherlock's notes, and they were the last things he looked at every night.
John groaned a bit, reaching up to flush the toilet and moving to lie down on the cool tile. "Dunno," he said, closing his eyes and scrubbing a hand through his hair. "Bad duck? Hospital germs?" His stomach rolled again, but he forced it down for the time being.
John set his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, holding him in place as he sat up, more alert at the notice of Sherlock's discomfort.
Katherine snuggled close to John, looking back at Sherlock. She sniffled, still feeling scared though. Something was wrong, she knew it was wrong. "Heard Daddy yell," he said quietly. "Someone taking away my Papa?" she asked quietly.
"Fevers are caused by infections," John recited, seeing where Sherlock's line of thought was going as he pulled on his jacket and forced Sherlock into his own. He took Sherlock's hand again and pulled him down to the pavement, quickly hailing a cab. "The question is just
Sherlock let out a breath, then nodded a little. He was able to do the math quick enough in his head and knew what had happened. He probably would read it eventually, if he ran out of things perhaps. He sighed, looking down at Katherine as she seemed to consider what John explained to her. "Oh...I has one of those," she said, looking up at them both.
Sherlock sat up as soon as John did, resting a hand on his shoulder. "Maybe a bath would be better," he murmured quietly. "So you don't have to stand as long."
John had to force his mouth closed from where it had fallen open. "You know, I knew you were smart from some of the comments you've made, but... smudges? You got all of that from smudges on my hand?" He shook his head in baffled amazement, a grin spreading across his lips. "That's amazing. Truly, truly amazing, Sherlock."
"Yeah I know... Santa apparently knows your taste," Sherlock murmured, smiling down at Katherine when she held up the instrument. She beamed, grabbing another present and tearing it open to find a collection of children's stories.
John nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, trying to make him lighten up a bit. "Now, about your clothes..." he trailed off with a light wink. "I'm not trying to be pushy, I just want you to feel comfortable. I have the feeling that track pants aren't really your thing."
Katherine shifted a little on her feet, an almost worried look on her face. "G-go away?" she asked quietly, looking over at Sherlock, and he felt his stomach drop. She thought he was leaving again... and taking John away from her too this time.
John hated how it seemed the other was in his head so much. How did he know how he felt? “I don’t know it just…seems, not entirely unreasonable. But…why? Why am I so bloody okay with this but I can’t even handle day to day life since…since everything? I got into a fight with a chip and pin machine for Christ’s sake!” he said, feeling a flare of frustration.
John sighed, holding the mug in both hands. "I can't help it, love," he said quietly. "I know what I'm capable of, but you don't. I sat through two weeks of torture -- do you know how much pain that is? How much pain that I couldn't scream for, could barely even flinch at, or it just got worse? All of that is still in here," he said, tapping the side of his head. "And I'm still coming back from being a soldier again. My first instinct when I wake up every morning is still to check under my pillow for my gun and my knife, and then under the bed for my assault rifle. I know how to kill someone twelve different ways with just my hands, and there's nothing that says I couldn't do it unconsciously. If I get caught up in a nightmare or night terror, I'm stuck until I wake up. Before I got sent to Bart's, when I was in the hospital in Afghanistan, I slept for fifteen hours, six of them trapped in a nightmare that I couldn't force myself to wake up from. So don't..." he shook his head. "Don't tell me to not be afraid of myself."
"You tell me," John said with a smirk, slowly sinking into Sherlock until he was completely buried. He hardly rested for a second before he pulled out and slammed back in, wasting no time in picking up a quick and ruthless pace. His mouth connected with Sherlock's neck, sucking hard at a spot that could easily be hidden by the collar of his shirt.
After worrying his mug between his hands and taking another bite of his muffin, John set his coffee down and walked up to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his waist and nuzzling against his shoulder.
Sherlock stayed practically limp as John sat them both up, still holding him. He kissed him back gently, letting out a breath. He looked up at John, then nodded a bit, not wanting to get out of bed. Not wanting to cook, not wanting to get into a cab and go to the airport...just not wanting to do anything really. Still, he methodically pulled himself from John's arms gently and pulled on some clothes, wandering numbly down the hall and into the kitchen to start some toast. A small breakfast would do, he'd take Katty out later to distract her or something. That and he wouldn't have to cook. He pulled out the jam and set it on the table, finishing off some toast slices and sitting down at his seat, resting his head on his arms atop the table.
John tipped his head back, closing his eyes and breathing slowly. Time was slipping away. He could almost feel it. Six days left, and he had so much to do. "I don't want to go," he breathed, accidentally voicing his thoughts out loud.
Sherlock nodded, "It will." he said softly, looking at John. He curled into John, listening to his breathing even out. Sherlock started humming the song he'd composed for John those years ago, his first time gone. His song. He hummed it softly, listening and feeling as John feel asleep. Once he finally did, Sherlock allowed himself to relax, though he didn't fall asleep, to busy thinking about what it meant, what
Sherlock sighed, able to feel John tensing slightly. "Fine, alright." he said quietly. "Don't sleep then, time for that later. I need to start dinner anyway." he mumbled, easing out from where he'd been wedged and crossed over into the kitchen to start cutting up vegetables.
John cracked his eyes open when he realised it was starting to lighten. He kissed Sherlock's forehead instinctively, combing his fingers through his hair. "Morning, love," he murmured, scooting down the bed so that they were even. "How are you?" he asked quietly, pressing his lips to the corners of Sherlock's mouth.
It had been almost a month and a half since he'd heard from John. Sherlock was half mad, at least he felt it, but he hadn't heard from the Army. They would have told him if John was dead or missing in action. Mycroft would have told him. It was a week into September, and Sherlock had taken so many pictures of Katherine on her first day of school, in her small uniform. Pleaded skirt and stockings...he emailed some to John, just as he'd emailed him from time to time, asking, and in one he regretted sending, begging him to respond, even just one word. Katherine was at school, and Sherlock was sitting on the sofa of the flat, hands resting on his swollen belly. They said any day, but he was scheduled for one more week. He was waiting for Mindy, who all but insisted that she was coming over for tea. Demanded more like. So he waited, wondering how Katty was doing in school.
John held Sherlock tighter, rubbing his hands along his arms to help circulate his blood flow. "You better be a hell of a lot more than sorry," he said, but some of the anger was already leaving his tone. He was just focusing on getting Sherlock warmed up, back to a decent body temperature.
Sherlock shrugged a little. "I told you she didn't like me in my letter," he said, moving into the building and up the stairs. He waited for John at the top before strolling into the room.
"G-going to be... f-f-fine," he repeated John, feeling the next one build. Despite it being everything he didn't want to do when he felt the grip of the contraction, he pushed, a pained noise coming from him as he did so. He fell back, panting when it was over, his hair dampening more with sweat.
Mindy shrugged, smirking as she turned her attention back to Katherine. "The rest are yours, Katherine," she said, gesturing to the five remaining gifts. "Go ahead and open them."
John refrained from pouting at Sherlock sitting across from him instead of on his lap. He sipped his tea again, reaching for yesterday's paper on the floor that he hadn't quite finished yet.
Katherine fidgeted a little as Papa wiped at her face, hated getting cleaned up. She looked down the hall towards his room; that's where she'd been planning to go. She wanted to look at him again. She sighed, then nodded, lifting his hands to cover his eyes. "No peeking!" she said as she dashed off.
John hummed at the touch, melting into it even though his instinct was to flee and hide away. "No, no. I think just... colours. You and I should pick the colours, and then we can leave everything else up to Mum and Mrs. H," he said quietly, leaning over to press a kiss to Sherlock's lips. "We won't have to worry about much."
Sherlock started to feel a bit of worry eating at him and he pushed it away. Some part of him, the part that was so close to John and
John nodded, his hands moving over Sherlock's exposed skin, one hand resting over his still-growing stomach, the other curving up into his hair and directing their lips together again, this time for a softer kiss.
Sherlock hummed a little, letting out a slow breath. "You," he murmured, his eyes shut. "Shall I have Angelo bring your cane to the flat?" he asked, a small, smug smirk pulling at the corner of his mouth as he tapped John's 'hurting' leg.
"Time, John!" Sherlock exclaimed. "The crash was in the early morning at 9:25. If that's when the watch got cracked, then it should be stuck on that time, but it isn't, it's stuck at 5:30," he said, wondering what that meant, pacing the room, licking his lips and running his hand through his hair, finding it harder to think.
Sherlock reached out, taking John's hand and following him out, getting into the cab when John hailed it. He looked at the flat, and then to John. "I don't have keys yet... didn't have time to get more," he said quietly. "I can... can hold onto them," he offered, leaning up close to John and pressing against his side.
Sherlock's brow furrowed a small bit before he opened his eyes, blinking a few times to see John there. He smiled softly, nodding a little as he held onto John, one hand still weaved up into his short blond hair.
"Well, it feels like it," John murmured, setting his hand over Sherlock's. He winced sympathetically when Sherlock curled up again, stroking gently through his hair. "You're alright. Try to fall asleep again, if you can. I'll be here."
"God, that smells good," John commented as they stepped into the kitchen. "You remembered?" He arched an eyebrow at Sherlock, taking the sandwich from the bag and tearing into it.
"Dunno," Sherlock breathed, moaning a small bit as John sucked his ear. "Don't... know..." he said again, reaching up and nibbling on John's ear. "I can... get eyeliner," he murmured. He rolled forward a little bit, his belly getting in the way. "H-have to be... creative," he murmured, sucking on John's neck a little. Christ, he needed him.
Sherlock watched as Katherine fell asleep, smiling as John kissed him. "Sugar crash," he murmured, standing up slowly and holding Katherine carefully. He had whispered, though by now he knew that when Katherine was out, she was
He let out a breath. "Erm... I'm… bathroom," he murmured, leaning over and pressing a kiss to Katherine's forehead and exiting the room and heading upstairs.
John sucked in a breath, looking down to lock eyes with Sherlock. "I'm a Captain," he said quietly, unable to keep lying to his mate. He just couldn't do it, not when it was killing him so much. Not when the last time Sherlock had kept something big from him, John had thought he had died. "I'm getting an infantry team. They don't assign you a team if you're not going out," he murmured, tightening his hold on Sherlock, his eyes remaining unwavering.
Sherlock looked up when John entered the room, blinking a few times at the bottle. He furrowed his brows a little. "What are those?" he asked, taking them and reading the label. He looked up at John.
Sherlock was sitting in the middle of his and John's bed, Katherine laying on his left now, on John's side, face buried into his pillow, curled up close to his side. Hamish was asleep again after being changed and fed, laying stomach down on Sherlock's chest. He had an arm around both of them, not willing to let either of them go. John said to keep them safe, and safe he would keep them. He trusted Mycroft's people enough not to let anyone get inside, and even then, he'd gathered a couple of knives of John's, and they were on the bedside table. He let out a breath, trying to calm himself, willing John to be alright.
Sherlock moaned as John thrust up into him, the angle not one he was used to, and John hit his prostate each time. He cried out, gripping tightly onto John's shoulders to keep himself up. "J-JoHN!" he gasped, his head going back again and smacking against the wall, he saw spots, but didn't care, trying to grind up against John once more.
Sherlock was doing a walkthrough of Katherine's dollhouse, throwing out deductions on the "crime scene" she'd set up. He looked up as John came up the stairs. Eyes moving to look at the dropped letters as John fled the room He leaned forward, pressing a small kiss to Katty's head. "You keep playing babe," he murmured, getting up and rushing down the hallway and too the room. "John?" he asked, shutting the door. "What is it? What's wrong?" he asked, sitting on the bed and putting his hands on John's shoulders.
Sherlock wet his lips a little, lying back on the bed with a sigh, looking up at the ceiling. "I-I'll go," he said quietly, turning his head to look at John. "If you're going," he said, looking back up at the ceiling again, ears reddening at what he had said.
"I know," he breathed. "I owe you a thousand apologies, but know... you'll never hate me as much as I do myself already," he said quietly, looking at John, his eyes distant, empty as they had been for some time. "I... I had to, John. Moriarty... he killed himself so I couldn't stop him, there was no one to stop the snipers... if I hadn't died, I... they would have killed you. Both of you... everyone I love..." he said, wanting...
Sherlock heard the knock and dragged his eyes open slowly, an unfamiliar room slowly coming into focus. He swallowed, turning his head over to look at the partially open door, seeing a face peering in at him. He blinked once, a confused expression on his face.
John kissed Sherlock back roughly, reaching over to the nightstand for the lube. "You're always mine," he growled, keeping Sherlock pressed down into the mattress as he slicked up his fingers and circled his entrance. He left Sherlock's lips, biting and sucking on his nipple as he pressed the first finger in.
He let out a soft grunt, looking up when Kat kicked him. "You're not strong, but a foot to the stomach still hurts," he said, moving her up a little farther.
"I'll always think so," John said, pushing the dressing gown from his shoulders and tossing it to the floor. "You're mine," he whispered, blowing his breath across Sherlock's chest, his fingers tracing a scar. "Always mine."
Sherlock waved one hand dismissively. "We can just order takeaway," he said, humming a small bit when John was nosing around his curls. Distracting, yes, but he wouldn't begrudge him that.
Sherlock looked down at her, smiling softly. "No, I'm fine," he murmured, his side still aching painfully but he'd bothered John enough, and with Katherine sick, John needed rest.
John poured himself another mug of tea, making one for Sherlock as well, before he returned to his chair, pushing Sherlock's mug into his hands when he resumed his position on his lap. "Drink at least a fourth of it," he said sternly, arching his eyebrow as if daring Sherlock to contradict him.
John practically fell to his knees when Sherlock released him, his legs unable to support him without help. "Sherlock!" he snapped, reaching up for his hand and missing. He tried to will his mind to clear so that he could react, but it was impossible to force drugs from a person's system. "Don't you dare!"
"It'll be later," John murmured quietly. "She wants us to spend some time together, which is nice of her, even though you may really want them back right now," he said, holding Sherlock tightly against him and nuzzling against the nape of his neck. "Get some rest now, love," he mumbled, his own eyes drooping. He was just on the edge of sleep when his phone started ringing. He ignored it, burrowing closer to Sherlock, until it stopped and then immediately started again. Swearing softly, John rolled over, snatching up his phone and pressing it to his ear. "Harry? What?" He sat up straighter, jumping out of bed as if he had been bitten. "What?! When, where is she? The kids, are they okay?" He ran over to the chest of drawers, immediately pulling out a change of clothes and changing into them.
John kicked off his boots and shimmied out of his trousers, then moved over closer to his bondmate. "I love you." He leant up to kiss him, nibbling a little at his lower lip.
John stopped in front of Mycroft, squaring his shoulders despite his cane. He thanked the nurse, watching her walk away and turning back to Mycroft. "I suppose I should thank you," he said. "For watching him, for finding me." He clenched his jaw, not wanting to think about the desert he had just left behind. "I want to see him."
John knew he'd been found out as soon as Sherlock wiped at the corner of his mouth, but he didn't say anything because Sherlock didn't. He slowly climbed into the car, lying down across the seat with his head in Sherlock's lap as soon as he could. "It's alright, Katty," he whispered with a smile, reaching out and squeezing her hand. He closed his eyes as soon as the car started moving, focusing intently on not getting sick.
Sherlock sighed, nodding again. Months away...unless they didn't have a pup. What if he couldn't after those two years, after Victor? "Doesn't matter...we have time, like you said." he murmured. "We're not having it in a church." he murmured. "I hope that's okay with you, but I'm not on the best of terms with God." he said.
John smirked, loving how little kid-ish Sherlock was being. It was nice to see him in a good mood after, well, yesterday. "What does that make me, then?" he asked, moving into the kitchen to grab them both glasses of milk and a fork. He returned to the living room, sitting down beside Sherlock and handing him his glass and utensil before grabbing the paper box of duck and assorted vegetables and digging in.
John was at a loss. “How…” he looked at Mike. “Did he set this up?” he asked, pointing his thumb at Sherlock. Mike looked thoroughly confused.
Sherlock recognised the tone and sighed, nodding a little as he settled back against John. Moriarty could wait a few more minutes. He hummed lightly, smiling faintly. He jumped a little as John's fingers brushed past the scar from his stomach surgery, tensing a little. The spot was sensitive, ticklish as well.
John said thank you, blushing a little at the compliments that he doubted were true. With a final handshake, he backed from the room, leading Sherlock with him.
He directed the cab to Bart's, paying the fare and climbing out when he reached the hospital. It was difficult to climb to the top without getting stopped by people that knew him, but eventually he made it. It was his first time here since it happened, and just remembering the crime scene photos nearly brought him to his knees.
Katherine nodded, tipping up her cup and draining the rest of the hot chocolate. "Ready!" she said, sliding off of the chair. "Want go get Daddy's scarf! Then have pick where taking Daddy for dinner," she said, buttoning up her coat again.
John had stopped crying a while ago, just focusing on Sherlock's hand in his. He returned the pressure when Sherlock squeezed his hand, looking up at him. "One of them," he murmured. "You had twins, fraternal. Miscarried, but, we've still got one," he whispered, reaching up to cup Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock looked over at Katherine as she slid off Mindy's lap, walking over to the tree, only to stop, looking back at them both. "Pack bag?" she asked, confused. "Going away?" she asked, walking over to her fathers.
John hummed. "Never bored around you," he said truthfully. "And I love listening to you play, and you know it, so don't get sassy." He curled his legs up, making room for him on the couch when he walked back in.
John blinked a few times at how forward she said it. And then he silently swore, thinking about what the hell he was going to tell his mother. Or Harry. Or Mrs Hudson. Mycroft probably already knew, the bastard.
A pair of hands quickly eased him back against the headboard. “I saved your life John, but if you continue trying to move about you will injure yourself further, you need time to heal,” he said quickly.
Sherlock's first instinct was to slam the door shut and lock it, quickly locking the other. He was terrified – his first heat had been fear of the unknown, but every one since... he shuddered. His knee-jerk reaction was to hide away; they more or less made the Omegas lock themselves up, then taunted them from the other side of the doors, even when they were begging for them to come inside.
Katherine nodded, a worried expression on her face. She let out a breath, then walked back to the living room to play with her doll house again. Sherlock looked up when John came in, his shoulders lifting in a small shrug. "Had some meat in a sandwich...maybe it wasn't good." he mumbled, wiping his mouth. He felt a little better now though, not quite like food poisoning. He swallowed, flushing the toilet and leaning against John a bit.
Sherlock had woken up a little while after they left, climbing out of bed. He stretched, sighing softly when he saw John's note. Birthday shopping then. Tomorrow...goodness. He let out a breath, walking into the bathroom to shower. He wandered around the flat after his shower, eating a bit of food while he waited. They couldn't be gone that long. He was looking out the window, and he saw them coming up the sidewalk, smiling. His expression paused before he suddenly darted towards the bathroom, leaning over the toilet as he got sick.
"Won't matter, he won't listen to you. Power's gone to his head, he won't listen to anyone now, where I'm concerned," Sherlock said with a sigh.
Sherlock looked at John, then down. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. He swallowed. "There's been no sign of them? That's what, three years?" he asked, looking at John again.
John reached down slowly, pulling Sherlock's pants off and tossing them to the floor, kissing and nipping his way down Sherlock's chest, his hands firmly holding his hips down.
John took Sherlock's hand, leading him into the hospital, only a half step or less ahead of him. He walked over to the lift, waving at one of the nurses behind the desk as they passed. He pressed the up button, and as soon as the doors opened he stepped inside, Sherlock beside him.
John smiled down at his family before slowly walking from the room, padding down the hall and turning on the kettle. He collapsed in a chair, ripping the tags off and tossing them across the table before he broke down in sobs again, crying quietly into his hands. He couldn't stop thinking of the desert, of that horrid place where he had been, of Lucian and the things that had been done to him.
"That was never a possibility. I wasn't going to let you stay there, and I wasn't going to take the chance of someone else taking you." He tightened his arms around Sherlock's chest, pulling him back against him and leaning up to kiss behind his ear. "Come on, we should get going."
John took a deep breath, fighting down his own panic that had been rising. "I know. I know. I know I'm home. It's just..." he rested his forehead against Sherlock's, ghosting their lips together. "They were family. All of them." He sighed, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment, his arms circling around Sherlock and holding him closely.
Sherlock swallowed, watching John leave the room. He sat up, looking at the door, waiting. He didn't come back, and Sherlock curled his knees up to his chest. "John?" he asked, looking at the door still. He got up after a minute or so, walking down the hall carefully.
John went quiet for a moment, listening to the monitors in the room and to Sherlock's breathing. "How's Katty? Sleeping?" he asked, peering over at the cot beside the bed.
John held on tightly until Sherlock gave up fighting. He rolled over Sherlock’s arms, looking intently at the dark bruises situated on the inside of his elbows, marring the soft skin there. He lowered his head, placing light kisses over each of the dark marks, running his lips down the inside of his arms to his wrists. "I love you, no matter what," he murmured, leaning up on his toes to kiss the corners of Sherlock's mouth.
"Tell me, what is your intention with this Omega? A person doesn't go to an auction house without some sort of expectation," the man said, meeting John's gaze. "My name is Mycroft Holmes, and I merely came to visit my baby brother," he said, his gaze steady as he looked at the seething Alpha.
John chuckled, reaching down to tuck a stray strand of hair behind Kat's ear. "Really now?" he asked, resting his hand on Sherlock's leg again, staying as tucked up against him as he could. "And who do you have a crush on?" he asked, whispering so that it seemed like a secret.
John smiled, humming softly at Sherlock's fingers in his hair. He closed his eyes, listening to the soft noises Katherine kept making. It didn't take long before he was asleep, snoring softly, his hand reaching out unconsciously to touch Sherlock's thigh.
God, listen to me, sorry. I've been like this all week, sentimental, emotional. It's tedious. I saved this as a draft and came back to it when I cleared my head. Katherine is well, she once again sends lots and lots of love as she loves to put it. I do too though, lots of love, always.
John let Sherlock help him out of his shirt, tossing it to the floor. "Christ, it's not like I mind," he said, grinning, as he reached out to cup Sherlock's cheek.
"That's not why I'm here, anyway,” John said. “I came to say goodbye. I'm being deported tonight. Kind of came as a shock, but, what can I do?" John shrugged, trying to act nonchalant.
"Alright, fine... one of those... tell me when you feel ready things," Sherlock said with a small nod. "I can… respect that," he said, letting out a breath. He looked at John, already feeling tired from the walk. He walked over to the sofa and sat down next to John, rather wanting to be held again, like he had been before. Like he hadn't been able to in the hospital.
"Wouldn't miss it for the world," John teased, laughing a little. He was actually highly curious to see what Kat would be like as a teenager. If she was a typical girl, lord knew she would be going to John for all sorts of advice, but if she was anything like Sherlock--and she was everything like Sherlock--then he was interested to see what would happen.
John let his eyes close while Sherlock held him, relaxing against him for the time being. When Sherlock stood, he watched him fix the tags and then leave, wondering what he was up to until he heard the kettle running. He ducked his head down, rubbing his hands over his face and breathing slowly. "Could you bring me a mug?" he called into the kitchen, fairly certain Sherlock had figured out what he put in his tea by now anyway.
John stared up at the ceiling, a stupid smile on his face. He was going to be a father. He repeated the thought in his head until he couldn't discern words, only the stupid happiness he felt. He fell asleep after a while, his fingers wound into Sherlock's hair.
"'m not hungry," John murmured again, holding an arm across his stomach. He knew he was worrying himself sick over something that he couldn't control, but it seemed out of his hands.
He nodded, walking up the steps behind Mindy to get the presents, and listen to whatever it was that Mindy wanted to say to Sherlock, that she didn't want to say in front of John.
Sherlock sighed, sinking more into his chair for a bit of a sulk. It wasn't his birthday, his birthday had been months ago and had lost any real meaning a couple centuries before that. No, what his brother was referring to was technically the day he died.
"I kind of figured you two weren't raised without emotion," John murmured, running his fingers absently over Sherlock's chest. He sighed, chewing on his lip. "I don't want to forget about it, or pretend it didn't happen," he said, still moving his fingers over Sherlock's skin, "I just don't want it to consume us. We'd fall apart."
John's heart clenched and he held Kat tighter, kissing her cheek and nuzzling into her hair. "I don't want to go, either, sweetie," he whispered, rubbing her back. "But I won't be gone for very long, I promise."
I'll take care of us I promise, I'm still eating...most of the time, even though I don't really want to. God knows I don't. Never mind me...I love you.
Sherlock nodded a little, leaning against John. He looked at him when he mentioned Sherlock's next heat. "I don't know when it is though," he said with a small smile. "They've been so erratic, I've only had two where I should have had three..." he said, shaking his head a little and resting his head on John's shoulder. "It's been nine months and they still haven't sorted themselves out," he said, yawning a little himself.
Sherlock led John upstairs to the flat, tugging off his coat and then John's, before he gently took his face and pressed his lips to John's, humming a little as he kissed him.
Sherlock smiled when John walked towards him, his eyes widening as he gasped, John's icy hands pressing against his back. "N-no!" he said, trying to wriggle out of John's grasp. "You are a despi- let me go; did you frisk a snow sculpture?" he asked, laughing.
