“I can still feel that you have a heart, and that you always have. Despite everything that’s happened, you’ve never once lost this.” He said.
“Right, let’s get going everyone. How are we doing on rest?”
Steve lurched around the quarantine room and Tony made careful observations and notes at how his moves were slowing down. He tried to swallow his high hopes of this working to avoid the painful disappointment that he had felt and faced within the last few days,
To avoid the spotlights, Tony ducked into an alleyway and pressed his back against the cold brick wall. Sure he knew that he needed to advance and he’d had enough rest, it was just a case of analysing the search patterns of the lights and coordinating his movements accordingly. It was like playing that school yard game where the person would turn around and you’d try and get as close as you could before they turned around again. Not that he’d played in any school yard, being alternately homeschooled and sent to boarding school before college, but it was a game he’d read about. Now it was his turn to try.
“Tony…” he whispered, pleadingly, his commanding tone now reduced to a broken chime.
Tony stared up at him with a sparkle in his eye. It wasn’t often that anyone had admitted they worry about him. The Avengers, sometimes, Rhodey and Pepper – of course, sometimes he used to think back and remember how much it felt like Rumiko worried about him. Even just thinking about her made him breathless, and this was by no means replacing her, he could never replace her. This was a different feeling; after all it was a different person he was dealing with. But that same breathlessness would happen, the more he looked at Steve the more he clicked, the more he mingled and got along with him. Possibly another best friend, but maybe more.
“By a few you mean almost every bone in his body?”
“Hey, I’m the director-”
what PTSD is, doctor. So how are we going to solve this, my guesses are that him waking up in the future isn’t going to help.”
Clint was told to run back and snipe from a nearby building, so it was Steve’s duty to sign to him what exactly he’d seen from his current position and he did so with his hands, hoping that Clint had managed to catch it.
“Good boy!” Tony praised him, running up to the switch and holding it up. “So this controls the robots in the city, huh?”
For that second, Tony’s heart stopped and the bottle seemed to drift further from his lips that were puckered, ready to soak up the nectar that would soothe his woes.
“They’re determined. Let me guess, it’s Reed?”
Steve knelt down, pulling out the kit and taking what he needed, a couple of cold compresses, cracking them to activate them just like SHIELD had shown him in his medical training. “Take that off.”
“Hank… He’s seriously hurt; I honestly don’t think he’s going to make it. There was a huge explosion, Whirlwind managed to get some distance but we were stuck in it—and he-- ”
“We need to save him…” He whispered, eyes glowing in the dim blue light of the screens.
His heart began to sore at the utter of his name.
“That wasn’t just a bomb.”
“Post-traumatic stress. I’m sure it was.” Tony placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “It’ll be okay big guy; we’ll get you into therapy. If anything happens, you can call on me and I’ll be there in a blink of an eye. Well, I’d be there quicker if we’d managed to perfect teleportation. We have a good basis for it, but it’s not perfect.”
“Did he just call us a side team?” Clint turned to Jessica, who shrugged nonchalantly.
He was hitting his spot over and over, Steve letting Tony’s legs slip off his shoulders and ensuring that they were wrapped around his hips and continuing thrusting in and out of him powerfully, groaning in sync with Tony.
“Look who has managed to rebel against us! Not for long!” The Green Goblin cackled as he revealed himself from beyond the orange smoke, flying around on top the Goblin Glider.
Within a split second Steve’s expression shifted from concern to apoplectic. Then greeted the man who had just awoken with a smack across the face, forgetting his hand was now covered with metal. Tony swung his head to the side and winced in pain, clutching the spot on his jaw.
Steve tried to sleep. The second he shut his eyes he was back in that mystery world that was apparently all programmed, smiling at those who made eye contact, giving them a friendly wave, a tip of the hat. Then he heard a loud explosion, turning his head toward it, seeing the world begin to crumble like shards of glass, collapsing, shattering. The once clear day sky revealed holes where cretins and titans in the forms of the villains that he had fought rushing through and destroying his world. He could hear Bucky’s scream, he could hear the commandos cry and then he woke, panting softly, brushing the beads of sweat that had managed to accumulate over his brow. He was back in that sterile room, that empty room, hollow, alone.
Instead he reached over to him, his metal fingertips gently pushing back wet strands of Steve’s hair and shielding his eyes from the rain.
Captain America turned and gave Tony a look that could turn water into ice. “You’re coming with me, I need someone with more tech expertise. You can’t just take the backseat.”
“Wait, Tony, it’s Carol.”
Steve’s eyebrows furrowed. It was hard to stay serious even if he was surrounded by the city looking post-apocalyptic, with Tony acting like a cat next to him. The mood seemed to shift after their kiss, Tony seemed much lighter hearted, but Steve had to be sure to veer him on the right path. All that talk about soft skin made Steve’s imagination wonder. It was no surprise that even the young Captain had fantasies of his own and often drifted into dreams, but he shook himself out of it and carried on walking.
“...Or terminator...” He mumbled under his breath.
Tony rested his head back just a bit, rolling it back a bit, just to stop the ache somehow. “There are a lot of things that people don’t have me down for. All they seem to see is what the media portrays me as, a genius and womaniser. And yet, my last girlfriend was one that I’d actually moved in with. Her name was Maya…”
“P-peter! Get out of there!”
“Just fine!” Thor replied in a booming voice over the radio that could’ve possibly deafened Steve. He was busy covering Carol, and ensuring that the canons and drones that flew up toward her were being taken care of, while she was doing her fair share of machine throttling. Cap made a mental note to turn down the volume whenever he was talking to Thor and led the others forward.
“You like it huh?”
“Everyone’s helping out, apparently.”
When Reed had returned  with the sterilised food in his arms, folded into the flexible skin of his forearm that he was using as a bag and that looked more like a sling he spotted Tony standing by the glass with his palms pressed against it and tilted his head when he noticed Steve doing the same.
“I wanna make a deal with you. No; you’re going to make a deal with me.” Crossbones said with confidence, smirking behind his mask, his finger by a holster on his hip.
Tony blanked out.
The more Steve talked the more Tony’s hair began to stand on edge. He sounded like a completely different person and he refused to let this be the new Steve.
He took a couple of steps inside to see that all of the pillows and blankets, as well as sheets had been removed from his bed, stripped bare. His eyebrows furrowed and he stepped out of his room, calling out in the hallway for the other Avengers.
“Basically, I’d do it myself but it’s harder to work on myself alone.” Tony elaborated, cutting Reed off before he went on a long winded rant. “Reed’s one of my best friends from my college days, we both did some doctorates together so there’s no one I’d trust more to work on me.”
Tony’s single remaining hand grabbed Steve by the collar of his uniform and tugged him closer, glaring eye to eye with him, teeth bared as he fought the voices in his head commanding him to beat Steve to a bloody pulp. Each strike he landed on Steve was something that he began to
“If I
“Apparently there’s huge similarities to the detectives old robot work in it, got the light in its chest and all, only this one’s green instead of blue.”
“We’re helping T’challa— Cap, Cap?”
Tony yelled, he cried and pleaded Steve to stop, finally getting enough strength to hold up one of his charging repulsors  (again, this was a bio-suit, it wasn’t made for attacking so his weaponry took a while to charge) and fired at Steve to scare him off, taking that gap and running through the first set of doors.
Steve was up front, observing Carol pilot the jet and learning. It wasn’t too hard but he just wanted to make sure he was fully ready to drive it, though he could hear some noise coming from the back of the craft which caught his attention.
It was like going through a maze, which was a reminder to Steve as to why he didn’t exactly like corporate buildings. Eventually, they reached the fire escape, then down the stairs. There Hank was, on the ground, unconscious and bleeding out. Janet had clearly tried to make a makeshift bandage for him with torn rags from her clothing, wrapped around him tightly.
Steve feigned an offended look. “You
Tony blinked away the tears that began to brim in his eyes, watching on helplessly as the Captain sat by one of the walls.
“Us…” the use of plural made him wonder.
“You did it, Tony. You did…” He knelt closer, wrapping his arms around him as much as he could.
“What do you mean?” The robot asked.
Tony was just so
this isn’t you.” Steve replied, folding back a glowing blue visor he had, dusting off his own chest plate with a huge star on the front. “These are alternate versions of us. Though it still hurts me that I had to do this…” He sucked in a long breath. “Killing you in any dimension isn’t exactly desirable, Shellhead.”
Tony reached his hand back to pat the bot on the head, to see its eyes flashing happily again when he did so. “Shhh, Jarvis, he doesn’t need to know that.”
Tony was eager to change the subject, huddling the mug in his hands and blowing on it to cool it down a little. “Speaking of Zola…”
The computers blared out.
“And you’re entirely regulation?”
The billionaire sat up properly, trying his hardest to get to his feet, his legs dangling from the table which was when he had spotted it. It seemed as though his arm wasn’t the only casualty of the explosion – his left leg was also bright red. It looked just like his boot from one of his suits, but minus the jet propulsion system which he couldn’t spot on the sole of it. Internally he scowled at the fact that the longer he was awake the less human he was becoming, or rather, had already become. But his rage was far from subsiding,
Steve followed Tony, grabbing his shield from the table and slotting it into the magnetic harness on his back. “You ready, Tony? I’m going to ask you for a lift… Since well….”
Steve couldn’t have gotten in any quicker, and he drove to Tony’s place with the sirens on his car sounding loudly while he zoomed through the streets. His mind was cluttered with worry and fear, Tony’s voice the other side of the radio was like he’d never heard before; it was filled with fear and had trembled. The only Tony he’d seen was the happy confident one, that sometimes had some self-doubt, but had never fallen so low.
Somehow, Tony felt a twinge in his heart, like he could feel the silent soldier’s feelings. He wasn’t sure how, or if it were just a fatigue induced hallucination, either way, he found himself trying to crane his neck, desperate to lock eyes with Steve. His fingers twitched, but he leaned over, surpassing his fears and placed a hand on Steve’s hand.
“Fine, I’m not blaming you. But you promised you would get me out of here, Tony, I have things to do…”
“Victor…” Tony whispered with shock, his own blues huge and focused on the man in front of him. There was only one way he could tell it was actually him, and that was only because those steely grey-blue was visible, giving Tony even more of a scare, so much so that he found himself gravitating toward Steve, almost leaning into his arm.
“Didn’t you get the memo?” Tony pinned Zola down tighter, his fingers like vices, closing in on Zola’s arms and crushing them. “I hate magic.” He could hear the fizzle of circuits and felt the way that the villain that he was pinning down was slowly becoming immobilised. As much as he wanted to finish him there and then, he knew if he did so he would encounter numerous problems when he’d returned home. He had to keep in mind Cap’s teaching; killing should never be an option. Even though technically it wasn’t killing Zola, it was deleting him and emptying the recycle bin so he would never return to plague them.
“Tony, please.” He opened the door fully, now on display was the beautiful set up that just an hour ago, and was a complete mess. The tree was fully decorated with ornate accessories, the fire was lit and stockings were placed above it. The smell of turkey wafted up Tony’s nostrils as he took another step inward for a better look, his eyes widened with awe.
“There he goes again with his soldier talk,” Tony would think accompanied by an eye roll but like he stated before, he wouldn’t change a thing. He knew the Captain was stuck in his ways, which would often cause issues for him, heck, it caused a war, because the Captain had an opinion that was rooted down like a tree in a storm.
“Anyway, we become relatively famous for our work. One night when I was out and about, coming back from a huge business meeting when my phone rings. My girlfriend at the time, Rumiko Fujikawa, was in trouble. She’d been kidnapped by Victor, who was trying to blackmail me for those schematics to make his own robots! Now there was no way I’d let that happen, so I managed to track Victor down in a warehouse and low and behold, we ended up in a high speed chase.”
Each step came with a loud
“There are some things about me that no machine will ever change, Tony.” Steve said with a beaming grin, throwing his shield in the way he was well accustomed with at the other lab assistants that came at them with the same black and hollow stares. He watched it ricochet off the others, returning to his hand then whirling it out for another go.
“Tony…”
Steve grabbed the large shoulder pieces, his nails scraping against the metal before he shoved Tony with all of his body weight to the ground, staring at him with eyes that Tony could only identify as feral.
“Where is the emerald?!” A booming voice echoed from deep in the chasms of a dark layer.
“What happens? Allergies?”
“Steve…? I need you!”
“You’re talking about that eccentric billionaire from years ago? The one who was the heir to the throne of Latveria?” Danny asked.
Steve smacked his own hand on his forehead, dragging it down. Of course Tony’s priorities would lie within the internet. The frown on Tony’s face was so stretched that it could’ve reached the ground, that was until Tony flashed the saddest puppy-eyes at Steve, over doing it by adding a lip wibble as he pawed at his phone screen.
“I promise Steve… I promise… I’ll get you out of here.”
“Pleasure to meet you—wait.”   Steve took a double take. “Partner? He’s… My partner?”
“…” Tony took a moment to pout, jutting out his lower lip. “Whatever this is, if it involves insulting my sense of pride when it comes to project management, then you’re doing a great job.”
Tony mewled under the kiss, Steve took the incentive to deepen it this time, showing his dominance as his hand motions slowed, his thumb focusing circling the tip of the man’s stiffness. Their bodies were colliding the heat intensified as the more friction was generated between their bodies, arching toward one another in sheer passion and lust.
Reed had woken up to the sound of dark laughter, slowly coming to seeing the blurry silhouette form the shape of someone familiar. The last thing he could remember was working away, hearing the alarms go off for a microsecond and then there was nothing – absolute silence. In fact the entire lab went down. There had obviously been an EMP set up somewhere; all of the robots slumped down, all sign of the AI was gone for that moment. There was absolutely no life in the lab, and this was all while Tony was out dropping Steve back home. He panicked for a moment, trying to stretch over to reach the control panel, but as he reached over the power surge sent a powerful blast of electricity through Reed’s limbs and he collapsed where he was, only to wake up, finding himself tied to a chair.
“A lot happens in 5 years, more than you could ever imagine.”
Tony tried not to inhale too deeply. “I need you to come down to the medical wing with me.”
The blond had his eyes settled down on the ground imploringly as though it would give him answers, and Tony noticed the slump in his posture, the line of lips. If anything at that moment locked in this labyrinth of science, Steve Rogers was lost. Although he was a futurist, he was by no means heartless, a little detached but never robotic – he had made a huge effort ever since he had gone through the Extremis process to detach himself from machines in terms of his personality. He had been told by ex-lovers and friends that he was becoming more machine than man, which is why he made a much more conscious effort when the lab assistants returned with what was left of Steve’s possessions, to comfort him.
There was a shake, the puffing sounds, the fizzle of internal circuits. Then the fall began.
The sweaty calamity of bodies made the bed springs creak loudly as Steve insistently rock. Tony’s knuckles turned white from how hard he was clutching the sheets, letting out deep throated moans even with Steve occupying his mouth hungrily. He could feel soft strands of golden brush against his cheek and he couldn’t help but let one hand lose to smooth along Steve’s back, feeling along his sharp shoulder blade before clutching to his skin. The clutch turned into him digging his nails into him, but Steve enjoyed it, letting out satisfied ‘mmm’ against Tony’s lips when he felt it.
“You won Tony. And long before that, you won my heart, and that’s something that you’ll never lose.”
“What do you mean?”
The more his eyes scanned the more his reality shattered, with fragments piecing together from his childhood. According to these files Captain America’s body was found and kept. The actual body was being preserved off the coast of England, which was something that Tony was desperate to see. Even if it was just a body, he wanted to see his childhood hero in front of his eyes; he wanted to gaze upon the man that had saved so many.
“I think you’re lacking sleep there, soldier.” He reiterated
“You are full of contradictions!” Tony retorted.
“We never get a break…” Clint sighed as he followed Jan’s voice.
“I think that’s my cue to get inside.” Steve spoke through a laugh, reaching for his uniform cap and carrying it under his arm. “You’re sure she’ll take you home safe and sound? We all know you hate driving after what you’d told me…”
!” Hammer waved his hand and the sound of blades cutting the air was heard nearby. In a matter of moments, one of his drone-helicopters, a steel chunkier helicopter with spotlights beaming from its base cut through the dark clouds above and extended a ladder to the two.
“Anaesthetic.” Tony replied before Steve even had the chance to ask the question. “Got a lot more where that came from.”
“What?”
“Why waste my time?” The automated voice responded.
“You mean sharp tool?”
“There are parts of you that you need to destroy for your own good, and they are your demons. That thing is clearly a demon.”
“What? Spit it out Cap.” Tony said, but he couldn’t help but smile slightly, even though he was trying his best to mask it. Did Captain America really say he could pass off as an angel?
“What can I say, I was busy you know, actually working… In space.” Tony retorts whilst waggling his finger at Luke, quickly withdrawing his hand before the man slaps it away.
Tony turned his eyes up, lifting up a plate on his arm to reveal an infrared scanner, trying to use that to find them as he pointed his palm to the surface in an attempt to find them, but there were no traces matching their heat signal. “They’re gone, Peter. They might’ve escaped… Just wait it out here, will you? They asked you to wait and they know what they’re doing.”
“Carol, I get you’re supposed to be a big decorated Air Force vet, but you’re talkin’ to me here. I know what I’m doin’. All’z I know is these bots can’t be trusted, never could be. Stark’s caused us nothing but trouble since day one.”
Take me away Steve…
“My pet you mean…” The Purple Man irritatingly corrected his partner in crime.
“What?”
Steve retched in pain, raising his palms to face Tony once more. With the sound of charging repulsors being heard Tony tried to get to his feet, holding up his hands. “Steve? Steve, what’s happened to you? You know I’m trying to help you.”
Suddenly a loud sound jolted him awake.
“Yeah, yeah.” Steve gave Tony a playful shove, and it was met by the dark haired man wrapping both arms around Steve’s huge bicep which did take both arms to wrap around to finally catch a comfortable grip, pressing his cheek against the round of his shoulder.
Tony shuddered again and lay down on the bed, reaching for the machine that was next to him and lightly dusting it off. “Don’t remind me that someone’s under my bed.” He said, pulling it closer and turning it around to open the back panel that was on most machines at the time. There was an immediate sense of alleviation that befell him the moment that he’d spotted the Stark Industries brand hiding on the back panel, at least there was some remnant that his company had existed, even if it was in ruins.
He was suddenly struck by an electrical pulse that was emitted from the device and went flying back, yet again. Tony flying into the distance seemed to be a common developing trend, apparently.
“I’ve got you, pal…” the man replied with just as much pain in his voice.
Tony’s attention was one again stolen from Zola. His eyes rolled as he expected it to be another creature of Zola’s trying to rattle the cage, but when he performed a quick visual sweep of the room he spotted something that made him jump to his feet right away.
Tony’s arm twitched. It was as though he could feel the sadness from Steve again; he could feel how the scraping on the concrete was a constant reminder of what he had lost. His hand reacted by placing itself on Steve’s shoulder, as though it had a mind of its own for a moment. His expression, clearly surprised as he withdrew, staring at his new appendage while he flexed its fingers out, “Sorry about that… Anyway, I was thinking that we could maybe…” His head tilted toward an open store window.
as he wanted, Tony failed to get enough momentum and his feet were going to collide with the ground.
They had walked up to the huge golden gates that were ridiculously embossed. Overly decedent was the first thing that had sprung to mind when Steve had paced through the thick vintage looking mahogany doors into the marble walled hallway, stepping over a red velvet carpet which looked like it belonged in Hollywood. It was almost a sin to tread on it, but it covered the entire lengthy hallway from the foyer onwards. He was taken from room to room, shown all of the different facilities that were available. Apparently others lived here, but there was absolutely no sign of them.
Tony felt his augmented arm spark, sending a shiver through his body, that spark carried on and shot through Steve’s hand and met with the exact same spark that rose up from his legs. Their eyes opened, both of them, glowing a bright blue for a second as they stood up together, hand in hand, connected by a force from their new limbs.
“Watch that potty mouth.” Steve said, although he’d heard worse in his platoon, he just wanted to taunt Tony, even when they were being so loving.
“Tony…” he muttered again, raising his head to look at the man. Tony’s expression softened and he placed his hand on the back of Steve’s head, huddling close as he took slow steps, the super soldiers armoured legs still dragging on the floor, only because he was an inch taller, and very heavy.
Tony beamed, brighter than ever, fastening the belt and winding down the windows. “Let’s go!”
“Get used to it.” Fury said sternly, again earning a curious lift of the eyebrow from Steve. He wasn’t entirely sure what he meant but something told me he’d find out sooner or later, especially with the air of mystery surrounding his new partner – ‘the detective’, ‘the accident’, ‘pet project’ and all that.
“Got it, one-eyed-bandit, sir!” He saluted.
“That’s a good goal… Director Stark.”
Steve jumped, facing Tony who was in his red velvet robe, leaning in the doorway of the lab. “The one you’re looking at, it got hit by lightning. I was fighting a guy named Whiplash when it got hit. It’s not been the same since…”
“Tony...” He said, shaking his head, reaching for him and pulling him lightly into his large muscular arms that were covered by the draping white fabric that seemed to glow. Tony felt his heart sink as the familiar embrace of his friend, of his partner was felt around him, providing him with warmth when he was drenched with the rain that he had been walking in, that even left a small puddle by his feet.
Steve could hear every sound that Tony was making through that microphone. He could hear the hitching breaths and the constant apologies and turned again toward the glass. Slowly he rose to his feet despite the never ending aching pain in his stomach, staggering toward the glass and looking up at him. Instead of tears a black drop of liquid pooled in his tear-duct and slowly began to trickle down his snow-white skin before he reached his hand up and brushed it away, though smearing the black over the sharp edge of his cheekbone.
“Well I had to make a castle, take no prisoners.” Tony huffed, folding his arms. “You like it?”
“That’s a given, you realise we’re dealing with Norman Osborn. I thought you would know him better than anyone else,” Tony replied.
“The things crazy, I knew it.”
Carefully he pushed the door open, to see that it was unlocked. That was a surprise.
Tony tilted his head back and noticed Reed. In truth for those moments he’d actually forgotten that he was sat right there, baring witness to what had just happened. Tony helped Steve up and swatted away at the love hearts that continued to float around his head, a loud drum echoing as he gazed down at the light in his chest that had seemingly turned bright pink – a heart appearing on it and beating as though he were some sort of cartoon. Again, Steve laughed before running up to Reed, staggering a little if it wasn’t for Tony wrapping his arm around him and running alongside him supporting him.
“I have it under control.”
Tony staggered around aimlessly, sniffing out something and following the fresh scent that wafted his way. Steve followed, hunching as he walked, the broken shoulder he had from the gate smash drooping to one side.
He watched the beads of water cascade down his perfectly smooth skin, he watched as Steve’s long fingers brushed and scrubbed at his skin, the drops trickling into the crevices of the indents of muscle, along the defined curve of his lower back. He was absolutely mesmerised by every small shift and movement. He had seen him naked before, obviously, that and the savage lands, their bodies weren’t foreign to one another and now in desperation Tony wanted to run his fingers along it. He traced along the misted window with his finger, along the delicate curve that Steve’s body outlined. His breathing steadied and he watched the way Steve’s lips moved under the water when the water skimmed over his face, glittering over his long eyelashes.
Tony was just pulling back, the distance between them starting to form when Steve pulled him closer, placing a gentle peck over the other’s red lips. Tony’s heart fluttered and he gazed up at Steve, who returned nothing but a soft stare.
Steve turned around to see one of the boomerangs that were thrown making a swift return to its owner, quickly Tony repulsored it to make it fly to the ground, swooping up to Steve and grabbing Boomerang who was already dazed from the solid smack that Cap had delivered.
“Buckle your seatbelt, Tony; we’re goin’ for a ride!”
Perhaps Tony should have been included in that bracket.
“Steve, I got it, okay. Eeesh, calm down…” Tony groaned, slowly unzipping the suit and letting it hang by his waist, pooling on the bed.
“Sure, yeah, just let me, I’ll be right back.” The dark haired man pushed himself up, with Reed watching him instead. He coughed and dashed out as quickly as he could to get Steve some food, anything he could grab.
“I’m not going to ask you again, I’ll rip them off if need be.”
The car sat in the middle of the lab, ready to be worked on. Right away bots scattered around it, eagerly examining it.
“I don’t know Steve, that’s my honest answer.” Tony finally answered with a whine. “I don’t know, and we’re sitting here trying to figure it all out and none of us can come up with answers so far. So we’re bringing in Hank from Xavier’s school to help us on this, he has an expertise in mutations and would probably be able to tell us what’s going on in your system.”
Tony just laid there, eyes shut, even though his reactor was glowing. The Captain’s eyes were still filled with worry and he lifted the chest plate off him, pressing on his chest to get nothing in return. His heart was racing so quickly he was sure he could hear the rhythm in his ears.
“You have every right to blame me, but I’m glad you don’t,” he simply replied, fixing his faceplate back over his face to hide how broken and beat up he’d felt. Never before had being at a graveyard jogged his sense of being. Now he was starting to question everything, so much so that it was giving him a headache.  “I think we need to find somewhere to rest for the night, wait it out.”
The others had different sorts of injuries, but it was clear that Jessica and Carol were the ones to have inflicted them. Tony went from body to body, placing them in a row, after all, these were people once and they did deserve to be respected nonetheless. The care that he was giving them by placement didn’t go unnoticed by Peter, who followed and did the same as the man in the iron suit.
Tony cringed. “That’s sick,” he said as he brushed his hand past a cobweb.
“What’s the matter?” Carol asked.
“Go ahead.”
The call attracted attention and then before they knew it the dark closet was flooded with light. Tony groaned and ducked his face into the crook of Steve’s neck.
Tony ogled it with wonderment, which he wouldn’t usually do, but there was just something about the way that Steve was telling each and every story that managed to make him hang off every single word.
“I’ve got you, Shellhead.”
“Don’t worry, we’ve got you.”
“Look, I’ll pay them back, you know I will. Your foot is taking way too much damage there. I don’t think that those legs are equipped to take on the pavement and your weight, not saying that you should lose a few pounds there Cap, but you know…” He tried to joke, giving Steve a coaxing nudge. “So let’s get you some shoes.”
For a moment they stared into each other’s eyes before laughing with embarrassment, the both of them. Steve brushed Tony off and led him to the car, opening the door before he slipped inside. The cop walked to the door step and opened the door, waving to Tony and heading indoors, admiring his new watch, which made a noise when he was behind the door.
Steve waggled his finger at Tony. “Don’t get cocky. We can say it was the perfect balance between tech and old smarts.”
“I can’t exactly disagree now.”
The glowing green eyes of the robot scoured the city, lasers shooting out of it, its huge silver head roaming back and forth as it repeated the same phrase over and over like a broken record. Its vision focused downward at Luke and Danny who were by its feet already, having sprinted their way ahead. Luke cracked his knuckles, laughing already.
Tony’s dark blue sapphire orbs fixated on the temperature gauge rapidly soaring higher and higher until they reached 50 degrees Celsius. Even with his cooling systems in tact as well as the velocity he was flying at he could still feel minor wisps of heat breach the occasional spot of reveal. This wasn’t his space suit, it wasn’t built for temperatures beyond that of the normal Earth atmosphere, but luckily the wind that was created whilst flying helped cool down the metal; praise physics.
“Out, both of you. Report to my office on the double.” He was sure they understood that meant get out of this place and back to the regular HQ in D.C.
was easier compared to building that suit again, considering it was one of his most complex models and he had to rebuild it keeping simplicity in mind.
“I think you’ll find that you’re mine, right now, Stark.”
“Heroes are threats, they must be destroyed,” she spoke, shooting a blast of fire at Tony. He ran as fast as he could away, only to look over his shoulder once he had managed to get a fair distance away and noticing that the person had just gone back to their routine, their walking pattern, as though nothing had happened. He had to catch his breath just for a second, having run with that heavy weight in his arms.
“My creator.”
“We’ve got to avoid them!”
Tony found himself shutting his eyes for a second, comforted by just being next to Steve, just to be holding him in his arms like that, he drifted off into a fatigue induced rest.
“Oh no, not missing a thing.” He whistled, shooting a sideward smirk in Steve’s direction which instantly brought the heat back up to the cops cheeks, nervously shifting and trying to divert his attention, before something really took a hold of it; there were loud sirens from behind him and flashing blue lights, but it wasn’t just one car, there were multiple cars that were nearing them, their icons flashing on the radar that was projected on the dashboard.
The weight was soft and comfortable and Tony never wanted to be without it ever again.
“I need to power up…” Tony winced. The problem with robotics was that he needed power, though his arc reactor was a source of energy it did take its time to charge up again, with all of the power that he was using for the repulsors he was starting to wear it down to a point where it was critically low. All he needed was time, which was something that he certainly didn’t have. Tony’s eyes narrowed, scouting the room for anything he could use but of course, he remembered the robot that he’d knocked down earlier the one that had handed Doom the schematics, that would be perfect. All he needed to do was get closer to it.
The Avengers mansion was the next stop on the map.
Tony was in his room, taking off his black tie and letting it hang around his neck while unbuttoning his dress-shirt, stretching a little.
Tony feigned a gasp, drawing his hand to his mouth. “Captain America, are you taking the easy way out?”
Yet another promise he made…only for it to be broken.
that Tony had thought was a potato turned around, hovering in its chair with its tiny legs dangling and mutilated face grimacing with its teeth on show. It reminded Tony of a shark, with layers of teeth lining its mouth, and a gem in the centre of its head.
“Tony watch out!” The cop yelled, throwing himself as quickly as he could in front of Tony and holding his shield up, he seemed like a natural, moving swiftly, light on his feet. Apparently those boxing lessons had paid off and he was certainly moving from one foot to the other as quickly as he could, allowing him to not only shield Tony but to get closer to Doom, and once he was within striking distance he lunged forward and threw a mighty WALLOP!
Steve smiles at Tony’s eagerness. The man was always more keen to give out gifts than to receive them when it came down to it.
“Well, yeah, that’s what I did. That’s how I fixed myself up. Trust me, as soon as we get to my lab I’ll fix us up with better augmentations, I hate having part of Hammer compose me.”
There was loud creaking when he stepped foot in the metal cave, darting toward the communication beacon that was smack bam in the middle of the room, typing a few details into it quickly and dialling for the Avengers.
He closed his eyes and shed his nerves, leaning down and touching his lips against Steve’s.
The Goblin took a step closer, reaching into his hand for the last bomb he had on his belt.
Tony reached up, his hand still mildly trembling from the shock as he moved the skeleton, carrying it as bones fell, some shattering to the touch being so brittle after years of deterioration and some just falling. He gathered them all up in the bundle of clothes that they were still in and placed them under the bed, “Sorry pal…” He said as he cringed, dusting the sheet off to get rid of the bone fragments.
The last few words rang through Tony’s mind and caused him to bite his lower lip. Obviously he tried not to read to into it, but Steve wasn’t extremely open with his feelings and emotions, so this was a huge step for him.
There was a rumble from the back seat and the little robotic dog poked its head between the two seats at the front, “Actually, it wasn’t moments, Sir. You’d worked on her previously just in case I failed. According to my calculations you spent days working on her…”
With a discontent huff, Maria headed out. Normally she wouldn’t, she wouldn’t dare budge, but she could see by that look in his eyes, the pause and dip in his tone, that this meant something entirely different to him, which was perhaps the reason that Fury was so keen to hide it from him. Rather than return to one of the jets, she stayed by the outside of the door, just in case. This after all, was a mission set by Fury, and she wouldn’t let go of it that easily.
Steve was showing his cracks.
“Chief wants to see you.” She pointed to the office that overlooked the entire room, a large painted window with ‘Chief Fury’ written in bold, gold writing stood before them.
Steve’s eyes softened and he felt the small sigh of breath escape Tony’s mouth, though his words were truly touching, Tony felt actions spoke much louder than words and he knew Steve was the same when it came to matters of the heart.
Tony sauntered on over to the guns, white heels of his boots clipping the marvel floor creating an echo, which at least helped Steve determine where abouts his ‘tour guide’ had wondered off to.
him,” allowing the word to trickle off his tongue was enough to make him shudder, “We’ll continue our research at the same pace we’ve been doing. That should buy us more time, right?”
There was a moment of silence between them as an electrifying glare passed, with Steve stood up standing as close to the glass as he could too. He waited until he spotted the small falter, the flicker in Tony’s eye, the sideward dart of the pupil that showed his guilt begin to eat at him. Steve’s jaw clenched in turn, a pang of guilt ringing through his chest.
“We say things in anger.” His voice maintained a little wisp of harshness and strictness. “And sometimes it’s the truth.”
He kicked Tony’s side, watching as the rib panel of Tony’s suit was broken into. “I even tried to make the humans kill you. I had such an easy way too - Captain Marvel was supposed to be another test that failed. The compatibility has something to do with the serum; perhaps maybe, it was his conditioning. Either way Captain America is the only successful test on a superhero. So I’ve had to kill every other superhero because they were the threats to my program. But she was just great to use as an incentive for the public to fear heroes. Who doesn’t fear a hero gone crazy? So the humans would feel threatened and they would kill her themselves, but once again you had to step in the way… So do you know why you’re here, Tony? Do you know why I’ve kept you alive for so long?”
“What’s next? Hmm, a mission after the Civil War – an apology? Well that just won’t do!”
“I love you.”
“I know you can’t…” The Captain said, gently rubbing Tony’s back. “I just wish you could trust me.”
Two minutes later his attention was caught by a criminal being hauled in, only he was singed from head to toe – completely burned. The tips of his hair still had embers sizzling bright, even the ends of his moustache were smoking.
Steve instantly ducked down and wrapped Tony in his large wings that weighed virtually nothing, his hands reaching for Tony’s face, lightly prying his hand away and replacing it with his own as he cupped the man’s face. “You can do anything. You have the biggest heart and most pure soul I have seen. Although you fall Tony, we all fall, you pull yourself and build yourself up to be better than ever. You’re a strong person, a hero. You’re my hero.” He said, “You... gave me a home.”
“The city offers their thanks.”
What did Steve mouth before they had kissed?
“Okay, so let’s start where you left off, the 1940’s right? Fury tried to make you integrate to the 1950’s sort of thing, you were just heading into the 60’s so you’re up to date until then, let’s show you a few more things.” Tony found himself scooting closer to Steve, taking in that smell of what to him were the remnants of gun powder or soot that’d imbedded itself so deeply into Steve’s skin that not even 70 years in ice could ever remove it.
“T’challa, perfect timing.” Tony exclaimed. “Can you step inside the scanner for me? Its acting up lately, and I want to see whether or not it can scan your vitals.”
With that he was given the permission to push yet another finger inside, spreading them slowly and scissoring his way to widen and relax the muscle, to train it.
JARVIS scooted over toward a green glowing object, barking at it. Tony meanwhile was looking around.
Carol frowned at the two, though she was surprised that Steve was giving him such praise. It seemed like a foreign concept, for Tony Stark of all people, the clumsy genius detective that always managed to get things caught on fire, getting praised for his teamwork and actually managing to apprehend a bad guy – that wasn’t charred up and likely to press charges, even. Her hands rested on her hips and reluctantly she spoke, “You get everything fixed up and I’ll put in a good word for you with the Chief.”
It was when Steve was going through his weapons that a small chip had fallen out, staring at it with disbelief he plugged it into a card slot that he had newly installed into his armour, after all, it was brand new armour; somewhat. The chip was old and worn and had the old Stark Industries logo on it; it was practically a relic so obviously it took its time to boot up.
“Tony! I can’t see!” Steve tried to shout out the window.
“Listen, I know it sounds crazy, but you need to believe me Tony.” Steve said, imploring Tony for at least a little understanding, consideration or even belief.
“I just… Well, I’m not going to lie to you, your wings… I touched them and they’ve shown me why they’re like that.” Steve muttered, shutting his eyes as he braced himself for the possible consequences of him blurting out the truth like that.
Steve groaned, trying to ignore the pain in his stomach again, but this time the wince was a clear as day to Tony.
He was dying.
“How am I going to update my Stark-tunes…”
Steve summoned a small smile, one that tucked the side of his lips upwards. “Considering I’ve been here all of five minutes… I think we’re going to make a great team.”
“So Reed and I were lab partners, working on a project as we’d volunteered to do so for the NYPD, while at the same time I was working on getting qualifications to become a trained detective, which were pretty easily obtained. You see, back in high school we had an acquaintance, a fellow scientist by the name of Victor Von Doom. Turns out the guy was sort of a big deal who ended up becoming the ruler of Latveria, that place in the middle of nowhere. Anyway, back in school he was that creepy guy that thought he knew everything and sort of hated us. Years go by and he’s some rich prince sort of fellow also aiming to pioneer in robotics. Thing is, he didn’t want to share his work with us and of course, we didn’t want to share with him. He and Reed go way back, but again that’s none of my business. Victor always had this darker side to his work anyway, he never wanted peace, it seemed to us like all he wanted was to create robots to destroy things rather than protect things. So we had to keep our work as far away from him as possible, even if he and Reed shared a working relationship beforehand.
He didn’t know how long he’d actually be able to
“Perhaps we should call McCoy? His genetic expertise might be extremely useful in this instance.”
Steve’s azure eyes focused on the man that clutched to him, feeling his fingertips graze through his hair. Tony fell still and without knowing his wings lifted even more. The Captain was unsure why, but Tony’s mood seemed to have lifted from before. Perhaps it was when he touched his wings and felt that they were real, maybe that gave him faith. Either way, it was much better to see that faint smile grace his face rather than the scrutinising scowl.
“Noooothing. But yes, how about I do a round-up and meet you in the park?” she replied
Peter loomed, edging closer with caution, ready to strike but for now just staring. Jessica did the same with Carol by her side.
Tony quickly blushed bashfully (not that it could be seen in the dark dark room) and held up his other hand instead, “Oops! That’s breath spray, my bad.”  He pointed the correct finger toward the distance and cleared his throat, “Go go Stark laser spray!” This time when Tony sprayed it down the dark narrow hallway a number of bright red lasers became visible.
“Wait, I said great robots – asides from that psychotic one.”
There it was, the bright yellow spotlight that lit the smallest of rocks, doing a slow and steady survey of the area. There was that eerie silence that followed the light passing by, so quiet that Tony could hear his own heartbeat. The moment that he could see the light down the street, he grabbed Peter’s arm and yanked him down with unintentional force, taking him to a rubble heap to crouch by. The younger boy was caught by surprise and let out a muffled yelp, but followed his lead.
“Let’s just find the cure as soon as we can.”
“What is it Tony?” He asked with a curious blink.
He pushed himself up and kicked Tony’s side, watching the man roll to his side in a slump, relentless booting his spine over and over. Tony’s eyes shut and he cursed.
“Oh come on Marc, sound a little more cheerful about it, will you?”
Just as the sensation of freedom was something he was becoming accustomed to he found himself falling, falling further and further and then heard a crash. He groaned, eyes stiffly opening to a blurry haze. He could’ve sworn he saw red white and blue dart across the room and tackle a black silhouette to the ground.
“Okay, okay, lovebirds, we ain’t got time for this.” Luke said, he and Danny running through the smoke. The air was now filled with dirt; car alarm sirens chiming after the ground had shaken.
“I think I know how it works.”
“Then what?”
“No fingers or she doesn’t know who I am?”
“Nothing like how it was back in the day, am I right?”
“Police are currently searching for the fugitive, Tony Stark.
And they went for exactly that. Tony was confused the entire time as to why Steve had taken him around the corner, but whenever he asked, Steve just replied “I want to treat you.”
Carol walked by, shrugging at them both. “Mine were gone earlier this evening, I guess they’ll be back later.”
“10 o’clock!” Steve shouted.
“Go,” Steve ordered. Tony turned and headed back to the ship, watching as the large docking door opened and he flew right in, landing on his feet and handing her over to Clint. The archer frowned as he held her.
“Tony just wait!” Reed said, ensuring the food was clean before placing it in the small pigeonhole that they dispensed the food in. The tray slid down the chute and slid in front of Steve who turned around right away, practically jumping on the food and scoffing it down as quickly as he could. He took large bites, barely taking any time to chew before swallowing, ravenous hunger consuming him and making him eat like a wild animal. He picked through the wrappers, shoving them to one side while he chewed the meat and swallowed with heavy gulps, eyes turning up to the glass that was returned to its regular transparent setting.
Steve…
“A few more tests?” Steve’s attention was now completely hooked and he was on the brink of pushing the two away, but when he realised where exactly he was being escorted to he began to dig his heels into the floor.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. I wasn’t going to let him go scot-free for what he did to you.” He replied coolly. In fact, he was on the brink of destroying Zola completely had Steve not woken up in time, which truly showed he needed Steve, he needed someone to balance him. It hadn’t had time to settle in that Steve’s vitals had flat-lined, but it must’ve been a glitch in his system if Steve was alive at that very moment. Tony strode toward Zola and turned him around, routing through his systems until he found the CPU chip and yanked it out forcefully, if it was damaged he could just say it was an accident. Once he’d placed the chip in a hatch in his suit, he knew that Zola’s body would be completely unable to move so he made a note in his own systems to ensure that the body was collected and put under high security lock down. Something in the back of his mind told him that Zola had his mind backed up in numerous places, after all, with the rise of the internet his mind was capable of going anywhere it wanted and storing in a number of different devices, which was a shame especially since Tony just wanted him
He smiled at the words. “You’ll be okay… Steve… I told you… I promised…” Tony raised his hand, with his last ounce of strength he used Extremis to open the door, before his hand fell and his entire body felt like nothing at all.
“Good. Now then…let’s be off, Steve.” He began to lead the way. It took a moment for Steve’s legs to move, he was surprised, pleasantly so by the authority that Tony had in this dimension. “The world awaits our work…”
“Yeah, he’s got the co-ordinates in his system now; he’ll be able to follow them.” Tony’s voice lowered. “All this time Doom had eyes on me, he followed my every move and I didn’t even realise until now.  That serves me right for wearing the same shoes for 3 days in a row… You see why I get new shoes every week?” He sighed, turning to Steve’s arms for the same embrace, nervous that he might be shunned. But Steve welcomed him, his arm resting around his shoulder while he held him close to his chest, that subtle height difference between them allowing for Tony to bury his face into the crook of Steve’s neck.
That was a good point, one that Tony couldn’t really explain. “But the serum is giving them blood, just the blood that’s got a toxin in it, causing an infection.”
“I’m sorry…” It was very rarely that Tony ever apologised for his actions, but now he was overwhelmed by pure embarrassment. But knowing Steve actually kissed him back, that… That confused him. Did Steve really feel the same way about him?
Steve breathed heavily and continued to pull at the chains. Zola’s words were becoming hazy as more chemicals were pumped through his system. His head began to hang before he snapped out of it, and he tried to look up, only to sink once more. For a moment, he could’ve sworn he noticed a flash of gold, though that could’ve just been wishful thinking on his part. The amount of times Tony had saved him and he had saved Tony, it had only become natural to develop an unintentional co-dependency on his partner to an extent where he would hope with all of his heart that he would be the one breaking through the doors at that very moment.
“He’s getting worse…”
“Carol and Jessica have made sure that the area has been evacuated since I sent them the sitrep. There are a couple of lab assistants inside the building; according to this the bot used Tony’s security override to get into the building into the first place, rather than smashing its way in.”
He questioned how he ever called them friends when they’d treated him as they had. His future allies, his new friends, would have to be of a certain calibre if they were to stand at his side. Firstly, he needed someone that would be his confidant, who would take their place proudly and would be strong enough to crush anyone that opposed him. Of course, he’d wanted Pepper to stand by him, but she appeared to have other plans… she
“I don’t know how you can either, come on Steve, you know I’m a man of science. I wasn’t raised like you…”
It stood proud and tall in the centre of the city where the mansion used to stand as a reminder of hope to all that needed it.
It felt as though he was flying through a maze with all of these symmetrical, non-distinguishable buildings.  He raised his jets, aiming to get a little higher onto the rooftops so he could get  a bird’s eye view of things, though that meant he’d be easily spotted, he just had to rely on his speed and luck just for that quick moment.
“Oh, he wants to see us, I’m pretty sure he wants to see us.” Hammer’s cocky voice echoed from the other side of the factory. “Come on Tony, my pet, bring him to us.”
“Avengers, we need to get to the jet!”
She didn’t even need to finish, Rhodey nodded, but stood on watch, sadly taking in the sight of his best friend in the state he was in.
“Uh… Well, that tablet has a pull out stylus which acts like a pen.” He demonstrated, pulling from the tiny tab at the corner of the tab and pulling out the long stylus. “And the tablet acts like paper so… Knock yourself out.” He smiled reassuringly. “Robes and all are in the bathroom already and we’ll get you fitted up for clothes tomorrow too… Have a good rest, Steve; I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Good point. We need to get Carol somewhere where I can get that plate off.”
Tony was screaming in his mind, he was yelling and kicking, pleading to be let go, but instead he was forced to yell through gritted teeth – pinned down by industrial sized rusted chains, watching as the saw descended deeper into his arm and met the bone. Then there was a judder, the saw worked harder to break the heavy joint. The cutting had a higher pitch to it as it managed, slowly pushing down until there was an extremely loud snap, and the rest was like it was cutting through paper. Tony’s arm was cut clean off, gushing blood.
enough?
“We have muted the scanner, the Captain cannot hear us Tony.”
His eyes went to Steve, then away, then back to him. “Fine! Yes, it’s filled with your things. But not your things, per say… They were collectables. My father started this, okay? It wasn’t like a huge room though. It was smaller, a little collection of things that he treasured and there were tonnes of Cap memorabilia, so I decided to carry that on and… It sort of went out of control.” Tony’s free hand scrubbed through the back of his hair, flicking his head to get the two strands of hair that would always fall in front of his eyes away.  “I still… Collect some things… Maybe.”
It was as though Fury sought some sort of escape from the situation, glancing over toward Steve who shrugged and pointed back to Tony. “He saved the city, Chief.”
Either way, Tony looked rather dapper with his hair out, strands delicately and carefully placed and styled to perfection, walking around with Steve proudly and showing him all that he knew about art. It came a surprise to Steve that Tony knew as much as he did, but then again he was a genius. Tony appreciated the finer things in life, beauty was one of them, and art was beauty. Upon finding out that Steve was an artist it had become his prerogative to show him the galleries of New York.
Steve held onto Tony without even needing to ask. His hands rested on the bulky red shoulder pads as they caught the light, shining like a candied apple. Tony smiled a little; he always enjoyed when Cap would utilize him like that. There was something comforting about it, but he couldn’t quite place his finger on what it was.
Tony gave him a light nudge. “A white lie, Steve, since you’re a good guy… And I love spending time with you. Getting coffee with you, standing on the bridge after a mission, that’s what I call perfect.”
“Yes sir.”
“Listen, Steve…” He peered over his shoulder, trying to meet the soldier’s eyes. “I’ve lost my memories before, a long time ago. And I never, ever want that to happen to anyone else. It was so painful trying to remember everything, and you know, to this day nothing seems real. Not a single thing. Everything was what I read out of the papers, it was facts that I drummed into my head and that I tried so hard to make seem real, to visualise in precise depth, but I’ll always have that section missing. There’s only one memory that came back to me that I could never forget; and that was the moment that you first looked up at me when we had you on that table after recovering you from the ice…”
“You must understand Tony. This is in the Captain’s best interests.” T’challa reassured him.
“Tony!” Steve yelled loudly, punching at the glass. Reed made the screen one sided again, which only made the super soldier pound harder, blindly, calling out for his saviour.
Steve snapped his teeth at the man, growling and forcing him down.
“Trust me, consider it a warm-up.”
“I’ve saved you and you’ve saved me before, Tony. I think we’re beyond thanks.” He said with a breathily chuckle.
With a thick swallow Tony followed the Captain’s command, appreciating it even. If Tony was going to be naked, he would’ve preferred if Steve were in the same situation; maintaining their equality, although it was clear in this instance that Steve was the one in change, particularly given Tony’s strangely emotional state which he was going to blame entirely on their reunion. It had been so long, too long.
…Not that he’d done that before. Actually, that was a lie, he’d done that before. Only once at a frat party during his time in MIT. Come on, he was 18.
Then there they were, in front of the largest museum Steve had ever seen. A momentous structure with pillars and white pillars, a glass wall, it was truly something that he’d never seen before, but Steve was preparing for a lot of firsts as it was.
Tony lifted the shield that he had saved, dusting it off and handing it to Steve to strap to his back. Steve happily did so, adjusting the straps to fit and then turning his attention back to Tony.
With a heavy sigh Steve reluctantly nodded, placing the pencil down and scooting out his chair slowly so that Tony could take the appropriate steps back. “Only if they’re the ones with white chocolate stars on the top.”
“I know what French is, I’ve been to France, we’ve just captured a French criminal…”
“Tony you’re better than this. You need to be strong, you need to keep going and lead now that I’m not around to...”
Tony treaded carefully toward the man on the metal table. Slowly he loomed over him and stared down at his pale complexion and peaceful expression. Tony had spent some time cleaning Steve up, getting rid of any of the dark blood smudges that were over his face and fingers; he had even gone to the extent of cleaning his nails. Tony had his fair share of manicures back in the day but never did he think that he would be sitting down by Steve’s side in a suit cleaning his nails to make him look a little more human than he appeared to be. It was like treating and looking after a doll, a doll that Tony had admired for so long – after all, he used to care for his own figurines of Captain America in the same way as a child, with the utmost care and consideration.
“I’m sure you will” Steve replied with the utmost faith, his feet making loud clanking noises against the floor.
She raised her gloved hand, brushing away a few tears and then shook her head, biting down on her lower lip. Hank’s was hurt and she didn’t know if she had much longer with him, the worry she had channelled into fighting Whirlwind was now just piling up with her outlet now taken care of. “I had to take care of him… Where were you two?!”
“Yeah, I got that…” He stood up, taking off his cap and cleaning his face with his sleeve, not that it helped him look any more presentable.
“Steve..!” A hand reached for him, grabbing his hand, but the shadows cleared and it wasn’t Bucky, it was Tony, staring through the broken up faceplate, through those eye slits as dented as they were. The chains were on the ground, the surroundings formed back to the lab, head snapping to the screen to see the countdown had been disabled.
“Sir, I don’t think…” Jarvis protested
“Maybe it’s because you want to, deep inside.”
“HELEN!”
For Tony, it felt as though he was stepping in the shoes of being Director of SHIELD again. He even stood with both arms behind his back as he had to whenever he’d given orders. That had been a stressful job (to say the least) and there was a reason that he couldn’t handle it very long. Combined with the bad memories and his disagreements with other members of the faculty, the stress and weight that rested on his shoulders was far too much for Tony Stark to handle.
, not on his watch. He just needed the company, there was no way he would admit that he would, but he hated being alone. He hated being the ever alone Iron Man. Adjusting to this new foreign landscape and trying to survive was proving difficult as it was, but at least now he felt more at ease with his fellow Avengers by his side.
A flash of blond hair was the first thing he caught a glimpse of in the blur during being dragged back through the alley. His repulsors took a time to light up – his scrap box fixing wasn’t exactly perfected yet. As soon as he could he raised his hand up and pointed it toward the woman that was holding his shoulder plate.
Reed searched through the files until he had managed to bring up Steve’s. This, indeed showed just as Tony had said. His neck stretched over to each screen, leaning in closer than necessary to read every single word and calculate every single statistic.
“Chief!” Tony waved enthusiastically at Fury, happily jogging to his side with a smug smirk plastered over his face, Steve joining his side whilst Carol and the others stood by the side-lines after explaining to Fury what had happened. Those bots wouldn’t have been stopped without Steve and Tony’s help.
you show me this before?” He spoke to thin air, knowing that Reed (and all of his staff) had long since fled the lab. All his erstwhile allies were fleeing, the entirety of the group driven to flight to the most distant corners of the Earth. To flee from higher forces, or those who had deemed and crowned themselves as such…Tony’s lip curled with disgust.
For the first time since he had woken up, Steve Rogers felt alive.
Steve agreed with Tony, hobbling alongside him until they had gotten to the pavement, stepping tentatively at first. Tony took the chance to pull back (even though he didn’t really want to pull away from Steve’s body warmth)  “How’s the communication signals going?”
“I love him!” It yelled.
“Help me put these under the tree.” Steve says firmly, leading the way toward the giant tree and places the bags just carefully over the cracks that were made when She-Hulk threw the three down. He scratches the back of his head and stares at the cracks, then turns to Tony and shrugs, exchanging this ‘you can fix it’ look between him.
“What if I wasn’t alive…?”
Tony’s eyes shut tightly and he began to grind his back teeth together in frustration. The touch to his shoulder wasn’t helping, not really, but there was a part that appreciated the small display of empathy that Reed was showing…especially considering how rare it was for him to show such affection.
shot at what he had in mind. There was no time to waste with failed attempts.
“The parks not far… It was central park, was. Not many people go there now, it’s cordoned off.”
Steve gasped and looked back at Tony, frantically trying to grab Howard’s wrist, but it was as though he were a hologram, going through him. Hell, he couldn’t even be seen by the man he was trying to defend Tony from.
Stepping out of the Chief’s office with the paper in his hand, Steve walked down the stairs, frowning even more than before at the white sheet. Though it was a relief to be out of that room, at least he could breathe in fresh clean air; well, air tainted with the smell of freshly ground coffee in this case.
Peter!” Both of them screamed as their words were slowly drowned out by manic roars. Tony used the power in his boots, hovering up and grabbing Peter, then flying a little above him to cover the manhole. The boy squirmed in his grip.
The blond nudged Tony’s beautiful ebony strands out of his face using his nose, pressing a number of kisses to his temple, smoothly removing his fingers. Tony let out a grunt at the loss of them, already feeling a strange emptiness, but that was only temporary. Steve angled himself between Tony’s wide legs (amazed at how flexible he really was). For a moment he kneeled up and kissed along Tony’s legs, as though he were praising them, placing gentle kisses to the inside of his thighs. Tony was still flustered, his throat dry, hands idly rubbing along his own body having missed how Steve’s body draped over him provided him with a sense of warmth that nothing could ever replace.
They were trapped inside.
On some nights, it would rain and he would smile, remembering how the harsh cold droplets over his skin would always be dried away by Steve with a large fluffy white towel if he came into the mansion in that state.
“Can I hold you again?”
place, his mind was telling him that he needed to eat. Now, Tony was so beaten down and mentally exhausted that he found himself unable to power on with the words of hope and optimism to keep fighting. In fact, that had strangely increased his respect for Steve, his being able to deliver words of hope in the darkest situations. As much as Tony had taken those for granted, now he realised how difficult it was to fill Steve’s shoes. Despite the horror that Steve’s waking moments had become…Tony still loved him.
He scrolled through more possibilities before his attention was distracted by the mirror, and he moved to face it again. “I want him with no inhibitions. Ruthlessness encouraged, but this needs to be
He stepped through the first set of doors to the sterilising chamber and allowed his suit pieces to slide off to get treated before he himself was doused with water and mist, it was extremely thorough and ensured that nothing was brought back into the lab with him. He eventually stepped out into a clean robe and fuzzy slippers, scrubbing at his hair with a soft personalised towel while he walked into the cleaned medical bay again with the others frantically arguing amongst themselves over whatever it was on that screen.
My life is lie.
“That’s true too.”
He saw his moments with the soldier; every time he had smiled, every time they had hugged or just brushed by. Steve was his life. He’d known that for a very long time. Even before he got a second chance at one.
Tony leaped off the wing and grabbed the ledge of the plane, keeping his boot jets going whilst he dangled, letting his boots gain more power and slowly rise into the air reaching up for the door handle or something to grip onto to tear it down. He inched closer his metal fingers wrapping around the silver handle.
Fury drew himself closer to the screen, watching the solider look like a deer caught in the headlights.
“Steve…”
The dark haired man rummaged through the set of wires, then there it was, the goldmine; a power panel. He pulled it out, examining it, turning it from side to side, reaching for his leg then opening it too after a tough tug of the metal plate he’d put over it to match his armour. It was a quick fix for him, but it’d do.
“Remember what I said Buck, usin’ up ammo like that s’gonna get you into trouble! Be wise with your shots!”
“You’re jealous of Steve, aren’t you? Because I care for him, because he cares for me?”
“I lied.”
Steve’s eagle eyes remained focused on the hooded man, even as he fumbled his way to his feet. He almost slipped in a puddle, reaching for the edge of the curb to push himself up whilst his arrow and quiver remained a good meter away from him. With the mask broken, Steve was able to catch a better glimpse of Masters. Those petrifying eyes that were visible only in the shadow of skull sockets were now on display, lit by the flickering street lamp above.
“Might be.” He chuckled in turn, turning his head to the screens that flashed up no vitals for Steve, none whatsoever. Tony scratched the shorter shaven part of his hair just above his neck with confusion. “Computers are glitching…” He mumbled to himself, stepping closer and investigating but nothing was showing up. “I’ll need to do some maintenance on these.”
“Inhale, then exhale…” Tony said out loud to himself. When he breathed out, a hand covered his mouth and his eyes shot open, knowing for well he had very little repulsors power left, not when the power regulation system in his suit was malfunctioning because of his faulty augmentations. His body jerked back into the powerful grip as black leather gloves slid over Tony’s mouth, letting out a muffled yelp.
Luckily, the genius-detective had a plan B, and it was one of his favourite plans too.
“You said you would protect me… Please protect me from him… Please… Please Captain America…” He pleaded between sobs, reaching with a shaky hand toward the drawer and pulling the figure out again, hugging it to his chest. “You promised…”
The man laughed. “Oh, am I?”
“Tony! Cuff him!” he called out whilst he had the criminal pinned down, hearing him squirm and grunt, trying desperately to reach for the emerald that had flown out of his hand when he had been punched the first time.
“Tony..?!”
Peter was just about ready to launch himself at Tony, but his spider sense wasn’t tingling. The boy stood there, staring at the man that he’d thought was dead as he spouted out something about the chemical compound, which was a discussion that was only held between the two in private. It wasn’t a huge conversation either, just a quick passing by sort of chat.
The memory of Tony in hospital flashed through his mind and how they had to practically jumpstart his heart again; using Thor’s powers and his shield. Though now, they didn’t have Thor’s help. Thor had been absent from Midgard for a long while, and none of them knew why.
“No… No, that’s not possible, I removed that chip! You should be fine!”
“Well, Mr. Rogers, we have to get to the next joint and save the feline in distress,” he deflected, thinking perhaps he’d said too much.
It was sore, but he could manage, turning around and looking at the man as he slotted the acrylic slice back into his shoulder armour. Either way, he was grateful.
His voice lowered, his grip loosened and he eventually let go. “You’re not a machine, Tony. You’re a human, you’re a man. I trust you…”
Then I awake with the bottles surrounding me, my face buried down in a my arms as I raise my head and gaze upon the sun rising and peeking through my window once again, repeating the same routine, over and over. My hand knocks away the empty bottles and I stare at the helmet of one of my suits that remains perched on my desk, judging me, frowning in the way that it does. It only judges me because it’s Iron Man, and I am just Tony Stark. Just. Tony Stark. I’m this mess of a human being, not the man who deserves to wear that armour; I’m far from invincible. I can’t even find my reason for being alive after the War, asides from mourning and trying to protect the city that seems to no longer want me, just like my ex’s, it’s grown bored of me. I should have expected as much.
“That’s one of the sirs creations, he intended to destroy it but it still functions, quite well. However even after my attempts to show such, I am told not to defy my orders and he is to be sent to the junk yard today.”
Steve found himself in a dark room, a small child sat in front of him playing with a couple of toys, mainly sets of little cars, he had about three of them. The curtains were closed but it was as bright as day outside and there was shouting outside too, but that came from the hallway. The boy continued to play quietly,
A miniscule gasp escaped Steve’s heart shaped lips, the graze along his inner thigh making his hair stand on edge. He was reminded them of their after-mission sessions, locked in the confines of the nearest artillery cupboard in SHIELD HQ, bodies hot, pressed up against one another, passionately kissing one another with intense desperation and relief. It was love if he had ever felt it; nothing else could emulate that warmth in his chest and those butterflies in his stomach whenever he would think about it.
“Did you repair the glass?”
“I won nothing!” Tony barked back, feeling Steve’s gentle but sturdy hands keep his head up when he just wanted to pull away, but the touch felt like a warm pillow that kept him at ease and prevented him from breaking down further.
Steve stared at him for a moment as they exchanged a stare that in his mind lasted for hours. It was so intense, just so warm. Tony looked so in need of Steve’s comfort, and strangely enough it was as though the Captain could feel something in his chest – a feeling of guilt. He wondered for a moment if it was just too much time being spent with Tony that he could feed off his emotions. After all, Steve was surprisingly in tune with others emotions, especially Tony’s given their unspoken bond that had turned into something much more in secret. Something in him urged him to brush his hands through Tony’s hair for a second, just in gratitude before they stood up again. “Feels better too. Come on, I know you’re eager to get back – the sooner we get back the sooner we can get in contact with the others and check that they’re okay.”
“Prestige power self-affirmation, that’s all you seek, that will never make you happy!” Tony screamed.  “Trust me, Osborn! You’re beyond repair now, you’re completely out of your depth. You’ll have nothing but loneliness!”
He stepped cautiously toward the light, and before he knew it, there he was, shaking on an ice cold lab table surrounded by a man in a metal suit, a giant with golden hair and other people. Just staring at him and trying to talk to him, telling him that he was now in the ‘future’. It was clear he wasn’t in limbo anymore; he was back on Earth where he had started. Was that whole debacle about him being an angel just a dream? Had his mother filled his head with so many stories that it had become so difficult to distinguish reality from fiction?
A thick mist of cigar smoke flooded the room and obstructed the bright light, but Steve just nodded gratefully and sat down, though again truth be told he felt like he was wasting time here; at least he could get to work once he was fully briefed.
“I need to know specifics, Fury. I can’t just go on what you’re saying.” Fury’s words were like daggers, stabbing his temple each time he provided a dosage of information which resulted in an even more severe headache.
Together they would always be stronger. United… As one.
“Cap..? CAP!” Bucky was trying to yell over the loud sound below them and from the barrel of his gun. This wasn’t the first time Steve had suffered from shellshock, in fact it was becoming increasingly worse, but the situation that they were in was the worst time on earth for him to be suffering from it. “Snap out of it!” He yelled, kicking the last Hydra agent away before placing his hand either side of his Captain and shaking his shoulders.
Tony followed behind Steve, slipping his hat on and dusting off his jacket.  “Well it seems we’re going to save some kittens today, I’ve got no problem with that.”
He tried and tried.
“Rogers, you’ve served in the army, there’s nothing to be afraid of here.”
Just as Tony had said, they headed straight for a lab that was located in the center of the city, luckily one which they weren’t too far away from. Turns out that huge tower that Steve had taken a gander at when he’d first explored the city on one of his lunchtime adventures actually entirely belonged to the detective that he was now working alongside with.  He couldn’t believe it when Tony had told him whilst they were pushing the car; in fact, it almost made him stumble.
Tony tapped his chin and gestured her to come closer with the broken radio, opening it up and fiddling with the circuitry. “Now this won’t function as a radio since the transistor is fried, but I can fix it up so it’ll send out a distress signal. Which, in theory, our radios should pick up.”
Shortly after the man was taken in and everyone’s eyes remained glued on the cowering criminal a man with short messy blond hair with a band aid on his nose dragged his feet into the staff room, reaching immediately for the pot of coffee. Rather than pouring a mug he just took the entire thing and began to drink from it.
The kiss heated and Tony began to make soft sound under the kiss, not whimpers, but mewls of satisfaction, having finally after all these years met the lips of someone he had held so dear. Pieces of his memory began to flash through his head, and the instant that he had reached the segment where they were at war he found himself screwing his eyes up tighter. Pushing more and more of himself into the kiss, wishing that event had never happened.
Tony’s light brown eyes lightened at first, before he relaxed into the firm embrace, leaning into Steve’s body by pure instinct. He needed that comfort and Steve was providing just that. If he leaned any closer, he was sure he could feel Steve’s heartbeat press against his chest, he daringly did so. He moved closer, their chests touching, his chin brushing against Steve’s shoulder whilst his unoccupied hand rose, fingertips nestling into Steve’s pristine clean shirt.
Always expect what’s coming.
True loves kiss wasn’t a cure he had thought of in the past but it seemed to have worked.
“What is the meaning of this?!”
“I thought you would be content with the invention of your own dimension… Trying to bring those things here… We’ve taken them down once…” Steve continued to splutter after hours of shouting the same thing, so much so that his voice rang with a hoarse undertone.
“We know it’s you in charge of all of this!” Steve shouted.
“I’ve got you, Peter!” he shouted, mainly to reassure himself.
“Wait wait, while we’re on the subject let me do something.”  Tony ran to Steve’s side eagerly, holding his phone up so that they could see both of their faces in the screen. “This is called a selfie, you’ll hear the term used a lot.”
“I know I did… I’m sorry.” He scrubbed his fingertips along the tip of his hairline, pushing his hair back even more. He was sure in his own reflection in the pane of semi-reflective glass he could see more greys sprout, which didn’t surprise him but had hence resulted in a frown. “You know I’m doing all I can Steve, the sooner we get you better, the sooner we can get you out here.”
“I don’t dance with the devil,” Tony spat.
“Should’ve recognised that accent.” She winked at him, a sideward smirk cast over her cherry red lips as she began to lead him inside, giving him a small push of encouragement as her palm rested comfortably on his back. It seemed as though she wasn’t scared of him at all, which was always a plus. Back in his old place others used to be far more intimidated by him purely because of his stature and previous military background; still, he appreciated someone immediately being on his level. “Let me guess too, ex-military?”
“No, I think they skipped the whole ‘I’m working with a robot’ thing…”
The boy did as he was told, pulling out the wires not as elegantly as Tony but still without damaging anything, holding it out for the man who took it as he leaned over, trying to work on his arm. “Mind helping?”
It was no surprise to see the love bites that Tony had made the previous night had only dwindled into dark marks as opposed to bruises; such was the effect of the super soldier serum. It made him pout, leaning closer and biting harder on the marks on Steve’s skin to try and darken them, even if the effect was temporary, he needed that confirmation that the man now belonged to him in a sense. Even if he was the more submissive one that night, that wouldn’t be known to anyone.
Now he had an even bigger mess to sort out and he couldn’t even get it straight in his head, and he was a genius; brain control, augmentations, microchips, neuro toxins… It was crazy.
They both looked from side to side, searching for more people but it seemed that they had taken care of that. What concerned Tony was the fact that with one simple prompt, they changed from mindless drones to killing machines. He needed to find what was making them trigger like that, and how to stop it, and clearly they were running out of time. If they’d activated these guys, it was like poking a beehive, and they were right in the centre of it.
“Yeah, turns out he’s not dead. It’s a long story Steve, I’ll tell you on the way there.”
Jessica peeked out of her bedroom. “Same here.” She frowned.  “I thought everything was sent to the cleaners today.”
His hand reached and settled on Steve’s shoulder “Whoa, slow down there.” He could see how Steve’s skin paled significantly when he rose. “You okay there? Steve?”
Danny shrugged, positioning his legs in a stance ready to dash and evade whatever the bot was about to throw at them, “Well, it keeps shouting about doom and gloom, and it’s a robot… Maybe we should call it… A Doombot?”
Steve glanced back by peering into the wing mirror, seeing the other two cop cars zooming forward, avoiding the obstruction that they’d set before.
Toward they went, passing through the crowds, slipping through easily as no one seemed to bat an eyelash at them. But he had his shield with him, his rock, and he knew that they could withstand anything together. The original Iron Man with Iron Patriot walking side by side, even though Steve lacked a helmet.
“That wasn’t French…”
Before he knew it, Steve was busy trying to straighten out the metal wire, and did so with ease. He was surprisingly nimble, for someone of his muscular stature. Tony stared at him with surprise, his mouth hanging slightly open while Steve helped him, feeling how Steve comfortably placed it back on his head.
Along came JARVIS, scooting along and dragging MODOK in a tangle of wires along with that fluffy cat that Doom had as his companion, also tangled in the wires, screeching loudly in protest as she was bundled into the back of a police van with Doom and MODOK, doors slamming shut. Though JARVIS didn’t escape without scratches all over his screen and frame – luckily titanium enforced alloy could easily withstand the constant scratching of a rebellious evil cat.
…”  He smirked as though his smile was trying to cover up how much damage he’d really done. Regardless, Steve gulped audibly, staring at the man like a deer caught in the headlights, he just received a calm smile back and a shrug of the shoulders. “But it was an accident, plus this guy sure looks like he drinks his milk.”
“That guy’s wearing something that does NOT belong to him.” The ferociously upset voice yelled back as he leaped, bouncing off wall from wall eventually to stoop down in his crawler position in front of Tony.  “This is what we call a Trojan horse. Come on, Greek history 101. You know, I never got to finish that class...”
Steve shut his eyes too, just to savour the feeling before whispering, “Yes.”
“Watch out!” Steve shouted just as Tony was about to step his huge boots in a bed of sunshine yellow pansies. Tony gasped loudly and jumped over them instead, Steve doing the same.
The dark haired man trailed his fingers along Steve’s back, past the scratches he’d made, leaning over to give him a kiss along it. He was absolutely exhausted, but gave Steve’s neck a rough suck just for a second to give him a marking of his own; after all, he was sure that his entire body would be covered with bruises of passion the next morning, brushing the strands of sweat drenched hair that were matted to Steve’s temple away, being rather tender himself.
“How’s your back?”
Steve tilted his head back, noticing where Tony’s eyes were going. It didn’t take a genius to put it together.
Reed Richards had come down to work on a project alongside Tony in the medical wing of the mansion. He was already busy trying to fix a few bits and pieces, or rather, he needed Tony’s expertise on machinery. The new schematics he had in mind to help fortify the Earth’s security against impending invasions needed a sounding board, and there were few minds better than Tony Stark’s for such things. Reed needed to find ways to prevent events like the ones that had previously stricken the planet. Reed was mainly targeting Skrulls with this device, but had to keep in mind that some of their allies were also Skrulls. Well, that and he wanted to find an excuse to build something strong enough that could potentially keep Galactus away, though he knew that was a long shot.
the high speed chases.”
“I will beat you, I will!” Tony screamed.
Fury paced the room filled with mechanics and machines, chrome being the colour of resonance in the enclosed space that all the lab coats were busy scurrying about in. His single eye darting from screen to screen in some attempt to gauge the situation; they had just found and identified the man that was found encased in Arctic ice. It was the one and only Captain America, but not everything was in order, well, not as much as Fury wanted it to be.
Upon hearing the noise the guards quickly turned their attention toward it.
The Captain’s eyelids languidly lifted, turning his head to cross glances with the weak dark haired man, or what was left of him. Palpitations of pain and rage were all that he could feel at that moment, and then he caught sight of his own blood stained hand, tainted with the black ooze that powered him. Steve raised it up, watching the seeping thick blood; red fused with the black of the augmentation fused blood curdle down each crease in his gauntlet.
“It can’t be…”
Peter thwipped at thin tendril of webbing toward the fallen chip and reeled it closer to examine, then passed it to Carol.
“It’s just a last choice, my last wish.”
Steve’s hand reached for the bottle that Tony held out ready for him, though with a little nervousness considering how big Steve’s fingers were. Those strong hands could do wonders but they did make him a little uneasy.
“A mutt?!”
The signal was abruptly cut, fading back into static.
It wasn’t moving.
“And it looks like we’re going to lose one more.” Clint gestured to Hank by tipping his bow toward him.
This moment would always take longer than others, it was the part where they retired to their bedrooms for the night. Tony would try and ensure that the moment lasted longer than it should and it was obvious that Steve would do exactly the same, spending a long while leaning on the large wooden doorframe talking about their missions or trying to figure out what to watch for the next Avengers movie night, anything, any banter to make sure that those last few moments would be spent together.
Tony coughed up a pool of black liquid, collapsing to the ground with his cheek pressed against the cold metal tiles, a coppery taste filling his lungs.
“You’re alive…” He repeated. “You’re alive… And well, and… You were dead.” It was difficult at that point to choke down the emotion. He had been on an emotional roller-coaster, but all that mattered now was that Steve was alive. He could ask questions later and even though he wanted to surge forward and press his lips against Steve’s, that goop on his lips was rather off-putting. His fingers moved to cup his jaw, raising his head to look him properly in the eyes again. “I’ll get you out Cap, Zola’s been disabled. We’ll get you home…”
“And you told me off for watching too much CSI, now it’s coming in handy.”
Steve felt the body in his arms fall, Tony’s head lightly rest against his shoulder. The man rest in the warmth of Steve’s arms, gentle trickles of rain glistening through his hair. The Captain held him close, feeling the warmth disperse.
Hammer was sent to prison and Killgrave was taken care of by SHIELD, thrown into the negative zone prison, most likely.
Steve’s chest hitched with each moan and gasp, the flexing in his arms as he worked against Tony’s grip and a desire to keep still and remain silent, trying to remain as inconspicuous as they were. Tony read  it all as he slipped lower and eventually couldn’t pin Steve’s arms anymore  so he let go in favour of curling his fingers around the lower edge of Steve’s shirt and lifts it only to discard it to the side.
Nothing was escaping, but Tony knew why – the Purple Man was getting to him. Killgrave stepped closer, calmly parting the robots as though they were the red sea and grabbed hold of Tony’s head, staring deeply into his eyes.
“…Sir, we’re testing the subject to establish if he’s fit as a SHIELD operative… We’re under Fury’s orders…”
At first Steve was baffled, but he saw the humor in it, after all, no one was getting severely hurt or injured and all the gumballs did was prove as another distraction for the police, yet that didn’t stop them. There appeared to be two more cars following them, catching up quickly.
Steve paused for a second, flinching and then shaking his head.
He completed him.
Just as the bot leered, metal creaking with its movement, clearly targeting the two men, an arrow lodged perfectly just by its tear duct; it beeped a couple of times before exploding, taking out one if its eyes and sending the bot back in a much more frantic stagger backwards, loud electronic groans coming from its innards.
Crossbones shook his head, “You’re savin’ your own ass.”
Taskmaster was known for double crossing, and Tony had been up against him a long time ago when Sunset hired the guy, but he also knew that he was trusted enough to work alongside SHIELD, given the right amount of cash.
“Uh, it’s nothing, I mean…”
“According to these files there are no other companies involved. Here we have a bunch of legal contracts and they’re all addressed to Oscorp… This ‘Supreme Leader’ we’ve been hearing about… It’s just Norman…”
There was a unified chuckle between the two, rubbing shoulders as they walked – their proximity being much closer than before. It was peaceful, despite the smoke around them, knowing for well they’d clean this city up like they’d done countless times before, just as soon as they found the rest of their team to help out. Together, they walked in tandem, turning around one of the many corners the city had with Steve until he spotted it—
“Take it off!!” It yelled, leaping at Tony and grabbing the mask, placing its palm firmly over the faceplate. “How dare you, HOW DARE YOU! You are mine, it does not deserve you! Only I, I am the only one!”  Tony could hear a loud crunch when the metal started to flex and bend, the vice-grip of the huge armour weighing down on the fragile plates. Tony fired the powerful unibeam from his chest, which made the suit flinch with a giant gaping hole, collapsing. But Tony didn’t have time to sit back and soak in his victory, not when he could hear the countdown ringing in his ears.
“I’m sorry… I’m sorry…” He repeated as he tried to calm his shaking hands, but the thought of having to cut Steve’s legs to replace them was destroying him. That and battling with the fact that Steve was in this entire predicament because of him made things even worse.
The question was, now that the wings became slightly more visible, was Tony actually starting to believe in him? Particularly now that he was seeing the feathers fall. Angelic grace was something that Tony didn’t believe in, so how could it sway his mind? The only reason that he was sitting here and witnessing this, enduring it all was because he loved to be in Steve’s company, no matter what they were doing. They could be arguing but at least he wasn’t alone. He hated being alone.
Tony turned to Jessica, ignoring the other two.
The large metal tubing echoed hollowly, sending the shivers of vibrations through Danny’s fist. As strong as he was, he hadn’t managed to knock the bot over yet, but it had lost its balance and began to stumble, frantically looking around and directing its fingertips toward the two men that appeared as small as ants in comparison to it. Its fingertips began to glow bright yellow.
“I am Oscorp technology.” He replied in the cold voice that Tony was greeted with when they had first met in this new world.
Their bodies were colliding with force, slipping against each other in a clumsy mess, but so focused on giving one another the most pleasure they possibly could. Though just being with Steve was enough to send Tony to the moon and back. His tip was leaking down his stiffness and onto Steve’s front the closer he pressed. Tony’s grip moved to Steve’s thighs, unable to drown out the moans as he held on as tightly as he could, hair swaying back with drops of sweat making their movements much slicker even as time went on. He was sure his rear was raw and red, but regardless, he was filled with such need.
And with those words they turned to one another, tilting their heads, closing their eyes and pressing their lips together, sealing their words with a kiss so tender and so pure.
The words of reassurance, though sugar coated, were what Peter needed at that moment. “I hope so too.” He said, slinging the dirt to the pile that they were making, knowing that this was going to take a long time.
Tony noticed the subtle raise of Steve’s shoulders and turned to face him, placing a hand on his shoulder. “We’ve got this, Cap.”
“No, I’m pretty sure. The Commandos took the lead on that mission, they did the hard work and I finished the agents off, made sure the area was clear and we went and defused a huge bomb that was lodged to blow up the city where most of our bases were newly being set up.”
“Darling…” He muttered under the kiss incoherently.
“It’s clear that you’re both resigned to the idea that something is wrong with him. I think it was just a malfunction and misreading on the machine’s part. Take it from me, I don’t often blame machines that I build with my own two hands and spend copious hours programming! In this case it
“A scarf for Strange, a pair of matching jumpers for Billy and Teddy, Sam gets that new baseball jersey he was eyeing up, Bucky gets a gift voucher for an all you can eat diner that serves the world’s biggest 14 inch pancakes in Hawaii.”
“Don’t you want to see what you missed?”
Tony pulled back a little from the kiss, just for a moment. “That’s silk you-”
“So what happens when you get caught by those spotlights? It’s like we’ve mindlessly been hiding since I saw them.”
It was either Steve or the suits, and the answer was without a doubt…
“You need to take him down, once he’s down we can search the building. Just tell me what to do and I’ll do it.”
“Still painful… I’ll recover.”
“What?!”
Steve and Tony casually stepped closer to Hammer, even though the man was backing into one of his machines.
There it was. That was the trigger that Tony’s gut seemed to be waiting for. His eyes shot open and he keeled over, vomiting a dark brown liquid straight onto the floor.
To Steve the flesh had never tasted so good, it was beautifully scented, so well maintained, soft and luxurious like velvet on his tongue. Flavours and sensations danced in his mouth, craving for more of the perfect taste like no other he had eaten before. Internally he screamed and pleaded himself to stop, but he wasn’t in control anymore and he knew it. He sucked at the rich and thick crimson, the meat being ripped away in shreds from Tony’s neck caught between the jagged ends of Steve’s canines.
Together they stood as Tony regained his posture, keeping his head held high. He knew he’d need to if he was walking alongside his hero, his partner, his love.
Reed stretched his left hand over to squeeze Tony’s shoulder once more, feeling how very tight the muscles were at that moment. “You need to use your head, my friend. I know this is the worst situation to be in, but maybe you need to spend time out there yourself. Perhaps some time with Rhodey?”
“Yeah, you know, like you’re taking a photo of yourself.”
The walk to the park wasn’t too far with the long, quick strides they were taking, although they were distracted by a sudden thud from one of the taller office complexes that they were walking by. Both Steve and Tony turned as quickly as they could, running toward the building. Steve was clearly becoming more confident on his new legs, managing to actually jog past Tony as they neared the huge complex.
“The others are insisting that I give you a proper scan, just give them peace of mind, will ya?” Tony pleaded, his attention caught by the black mark on Steve’s lower neck, peering at where the syringe had been planted.
Steve’s eyes shot wide open, his cheeks going pink the moment that he felt the soft touch to his lips, the gentle slick feeling. His lips were warm and tasted ever so faintly of cherry whilst he himself smelled of sweet watermelon, the type he would eat on a hot summer’s day after a hard day’s work.
“Tony, what happened? You sounded like you’d just had the life knocked out of ya!”
When the doors closed Tony had run quickly to the observation room and began staring through the glass at the man dressed in red white and blue, be it his casual clothes, still retained his colour scheme with his blue shirt, red and white plaid over-shirt and dark jeans. Steve always had a way of maintaining his patriotism without being too blasé about it. Steve already looked lost; surrounded by that huge room, one lonely man walking that huge space by himself.
And what was a knight and king without their castle?
Tony’s eyebrow quirked. “Why..?”
Steve was utterly panic stricken. He wanted to leap up and help until Tony uttered a few words in a monotonous voice.
“You always do this, every year you throw the party with your assistants and allow us to help a little, but not very much. Just catching a glimpse of your reaction back then was enough to speak volumes. You’re a busybody, to say the least.” Steve bluntly spoke.
“What!?”
“What is it?”
, Stark, is that this toxic gas that couldn’t be contained and it was attacking the nervous system. It’s stopping the body from functioning, taking down organs one by one. It starts with muscles and then it spreads to organs. You’re lucky; that arc reactor alongside the Extremis serum of yours seems to have stopped it when it tried to attack your heart, by the signs of it. The two work in tandem, which is strange. You now need both to be alive…in a way doesn’t that negate the effect of Extremis. Though, that’s not important right now. All we know is after your coma you got it back into you.
“Not unless there is something within the chemical that promotes the flow, perhaps nano-pumps?”
Tony pressed his boot to the door, kicking it down with Steve just behind him holding his fists up, JARVIS poking his head in and barking protectively.
When Steve had caught a glimpse of the shadow behind the glass he stood and stepped once more to the window pane. “Tony, I’m sorry, I don’t know what happened, I really don’t… I…” He clutched his stomach. “I’m so hungry…”
“Tony I’m not sure about— “ Steve chimed in, just before he was cut off.
“And that one over there,” He pointed. “It’s from a mission near France.”
The suit still had his mind and was a darker side to him, a side he would never let show, filled with jealousy and possessiveness.
Suddenly Tony felt something, he felt the urge to wrap its arms around Steve tightly, and hugging him, just as it’d seen children on the television doing, just as it always wanted to do.
All of the others stared at one another and shrugged. The serious atmosphere dissipated for a  mere second as Tony glanced up and blinked, realising that none of them had really had a head on encounter with Hammer. This was personal, and no one really knew how much it meant to Tony. There was something about Hammer that irked him in a particular way. It made his blood boil to see a crooked man wondering around and trying to compete with him on such an amateur level.  He said amateur mainly because Hammer often didn’t fully understand the extent to which his projects devastated those around him. Plus, he reminded Tony of a friend of his from high school in the way he would always try and compete with him; Tiberus Stone. But that was another long story for another day.
Steve smiled, embarrassed but proud. He wasn’t used to the attention but the constant rubs on the shoulder from Tony made it all worth it, knowing that he was standing next to someone that he truly cared for, that would risk his life for him.
“I’m not leaving you until I have answers!” His grip tightened, the squeak of his leather red gloves skimming across the metal surface made a distinct noise.
“JARVIS… What do you see?” Tony asked again. “JARVIS?” He tapped his faceplate, groaning as he noticed there was some sort of signal disruptor about, that was the only way JARVIS would be blocked. “Hammer, that’s slimy. Come on, play fair!”
He seemed friendly enough, for now that was. And that charming grin as much as a plastered on one, was enough to coax Steve into giving him a chance but that wouldn’t mean he would lower his guard completely.
“Sir, what are we going to do when we try and age him and…”
It was extremely rarely that something was beyond Tony Stark’s comprehension, so it was a pleasure for Steve to explain, “From what I can remember, from my dreams, only fellow angels can see them. And according to my mother’s stories; the more faith you have, the more you can see them.”
Tony was kissing him so hard and so passionately that he didn’t notice when little projections of beating love-hearts appeared above his head, floating around in a circle, and the second that Steve looped his arms around him and tugged Tony down to deepen the kiss the top of his fedora seemed to open and a huge loud party horn popped out, making a loud noise whilst confetti spewed from it. The corners of Steve’s lips tugged upward into a smile, breaking the kiss with the smallest of chuckles and covering his mouth with a bashful glance at the tin man. His cheeks were tainted with an adorable red blush; the same that matched Tony’s and they exchanged a stare of pure affection and adoration between them. There were no words to explain the relief that that coursed through Tony’s veins.
Tony watched every single twitch that Steve was making with pity and guilt, turning his head over to Reed who was already standing by the system monitors, tapping away at the keys to perform a range of scans and possible vaccinations.
way of getting the job done.
“Talk about a broken record,” Clint commented the second he slid out of his car, cocking his gun and targeting it at the huge robot.
The ground shifted under his heavy boots, the sound of crushing on the rest of the debris was extremely loud. Though as he stood over the bot, he was struck with an epiphany; what if he could use these as a temporary fix, to at least give him use of his arm for now?
Peter craned his head forward then turned to the other two with shoulders that seem to fall into a slump. “He looks real.”
, and you want to risk exposing that to the world?”
From the sheer emotion and intensity of the kiss, a small tear was squeezed from Tony’s shut eyelids.
Once more he had to shut his eyes just for a while as his suit picked up more and more speed, aiming toward the jet that was flying away and out of his grasp. He had to open his eyes, even if this would hurt him. Slowly his eyelids fluttered open, immediately filling with tears at the speed he was going. He reached out an arm as the wing of the jet came close, gritting his teeth and pushing with all of his might.
“Your… Father.”
“No dinner first?”
Reed struggled, his entire body feeling fatigued from the zap, making out those eyes that were behind that daunting metal mask that leered down at him with such hatred.
Tony nodded in a haze, his jaw clenching at first, but Steve’s movements started to circle inside him One fingers turned into to, and he began spreading and scissoring his two fingers to work the muscle. It actually hurt; it was painful despite the lube. For a moment he could have sworn he was tearing up, only to swallow it down after he looked up at the man doing it to him with an instant sense of relief.
Say how much he loved him…
“How can you deny these?” Steve muttered as he finally plucked up the courage to reach over, trying to touch Tony’s broken wings, though the moment he did he was enveloped in darkness.
Tony pointed to a tiny metal pin tracker that was resting on his table. “Pretty convenient, trackers. Doom had one on me, I didn’t realise until JARVIS had done a scan on me when we got back and the lab was a mess. I reverse engineered it to see where exactly the signal was being transmitted to, and now I’ve got a handy dandy location! The track-ee has become the tracker!”
“W-wait, stop! I’ll be on your side, we’ll take him out together!” Hammer’s poor plea bargain chimed.
Tony’s vision was deteriorating, but he grabbed as much as he could onto the cabinet, heaving himself to his wobbly feet, of course his left leg taking a little longer to regain its balance.
“My Captain…” Tony repeated, loving the way it rolled off his tongue.
“I just must’ve hit a few parts, they need fixing…” he reassured them, even though it was the sound of his loud heart beating against some of his metal components. He’d never heard it do that before, in fact it felt strange, but whenever he so much as looked at Steve, admiring those sharp azure eyes and the way that a few rogue strands of blond would poke out from his perfectly formed coif, he felt that same beating. He just had to make sure it wouldn’t drum loudly like that; the last thing he wanted was for anyone to be concerned about his functionality.
Then that pain returned and he winced. “T-tony… Can you get me some more food, anything, I need to eat.” His mother always used to say food was a cure, but then again he wasn’t sure whether his mother was just trying to get him to eat more since he was so skinny and sickly.
“Yes?” Tony asked, tilting his head up slightly to look at Steve, arching his eyebrow. Of course he’d catch Steve out on his initial answer.
People don’t know why I really used to drink, not only was it because of my father, following his example, trying to be the man who created the company that I was forced into, trying to fill those shoes that he left for me. But it was an escape from reality, for a while being Iron Man was my escape. I was a superhero that people depended on, this alternate identity, a knight of the round table, and then the media caught light of who I was and it was then the pressure came tumbling down. I couldn’t even hold a stable relationship, and most times, it wasn’t even my fault. Bethany, Whitney, Roxanne, Joanna, Janice, Sunset… And many, many more, there’s not a name I haven’t forgotten. I watched them leave me, even Rumiko, I watched her too… I loved her, and her blood to this day stains my hands… among others. I loved them, I cared for them all. I’m not someone who sleeps around for the hell of it, no, I just… Don’t like to be alone. There’s a reason that I was so eager to create an AI as a kid, at least it kept me company. Growing up in private schools and having the Stark name meant that I was always isolated and forced into studies to preserve the reputation of my father. I needed someone to talk to, someone to need me as much as I needed them, and that is what I always sought out in a partner. I could withhold relationships for long periods of time, I was even inches away from marrying Bethany, and yet I was still deemed as someone who couldn’t hold down commitments by the media. They were the ones that wanted to sabotage me and yet I loved them all, I opened my heart and they all pushed me away. For a man that already has a broken heart to start with, so to speak, I needed someone to help mend it and they only destroyed it further and pushed me back into the demons I was trying to avoid, with the pressure of the media only adding to it all. That hurts, you know, especially when you’re trying as hard as you can to keep the flame of love burning only for it to be extinguished by the other party, and yet, I’m always to blame. It’s always me. Just like my father said, I’m my own downfall, I’ll bring myself down because I can’t do it right, I can’t live correctly according to his rules or the rules of society. So then, what does that make me? Does it make me crazy? Am I a genius in that right? Does my logic surpass society and make me this… womanising monster?  All monsters should be killed and slain by heroes, and that’s why I stood so proudly during the war, not because I was in the wrong but because if I was this monster then a knight would come and slay me. I was waiting for him to come, the star spangled knight wielding a shield of purity and justice, colliding with my own armour and sending me back. But no, I slayed him.
