"What?" Wanda asked looking at her son pointedly. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes you are normally up to something when you smile like that." Sherlock looked at her funny before helping make more mix - under supervision of course. He angled the bowl at her and she nodded as he stopped mixing and placed the bowl near. Mycroft walked in after, some time later, Eurus staying outside to continue drawing the river. She'd started it the day before and she was singing softly to herself in all her insanity.
"Alright, alright." John said, looking at her pointedly with a frown. "Where has it come from?"
"Fly?" Harry asked.
"Fresh air!" Rosie squealed as she tried to feed Jeff some tuna and sweetcorn sandwich but he wasn't having any of it. "Jeff, eat up or there won't be any pudding at all." She paused. "Alright, fine I won't force you to. I'll just have your helping instead. Yes, I do love you." She brought the toy into a hug. "I promise."
"Train." Sammy replied. "I'll look some up now."
"Sherlock?" Mycroft asked into the phone.
"My other boy!" Mrs Hudson smiled bustling over to John before clamping her hands either side of his face and kissing each of his cheeks in turn.
"Visiting?"
"Yes." Atlas replied.
"Sammy's sister and parents all died of circumstances which are not mine to explain," Damien said. "And Atlas...well...is Atlas. I don't know the extent of hers but I was messaging Isla and she said that Atlas suffers from severe PTSD, FND which is health condition which I had to research and I'm a pediatric surgeon which causes seizures and a few other things. Atlas has seen more than few see in a lifetime. So it'll pay you to be kind and nice to her."
"But your a doctor. Why can't you make her better?" Rosie wailed as she stayed sat in Atlas' embrace.
"I have got eyes, love." Sherlock said, the
"Both of you," Sam smirked looking at Atlas and Sherlock in turn.
"No," Atlas giggled.
"Your not going to, you know?" Sammy asked, as Atlas just looked at him.
"You have Elton John and a whole playing dedicated to him," Atlas said quietly. "So I'm happy." She slowly began to sit up and swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, looked at him. Getting to her feet, he stood suddenly as he looked at her.
"Alright. That can be arranged." John smiled.
"Ida?" Mycroft said. "You okay?"
"Definitely." Sherlock added, and Atlas could hear the smile.
Another doctor, a more senior member, came into the room at that moment. "We need to run tests, ask you questions, your father needs to leave the room."
(See the end of the chapter for
"And for Atlas, she never really had a family except for me," Sherlock frowned. "And even then I left her behind for eight years of her life."
"Your not going?" Atlas asked Lestrade as he shook his head at her.
"I love you." Atlas whispered.
Atlas began to tap out a sort of pattern into her phone before looking up at John from her phone. He nodded and she began to sing.
And then an eerie silence descended over the room.
"Grand...ma." Atlas croaked as Wanda reached out a hand to stroke her hair. Brushing it out her eyes, Wanda gave a tearful smile.
"I think it might be best," Sammy answered with a small smile.
"Yeah?" She asked. "What about?"
"No." He said quietly, looking over at his parents and now Eurus who had just come in the back door.
"That and my family of course," Atlas grinned looking at her dad's.
"If I die..." Atlas began.
"WHO spells 'spleen' with an a in the middle?" Mycroft asked as Atlas laughed laying down her letters. The game had been going well and they were currently neck and neck in position.
might just be a
"John!" Harry exclaimed before throwing her arms around his shoulders. "I missed you."
"Hey!" Atlas declared before Sherlock finally started to pay proper attention as he left his mind palace. She pouted before leaning back in her chair scowling like a Holmes at both her parents. Her arms were crossed and she frowned.
"Ooh, whatever your all having seems nice," Ruth grinned and John looked at Sherlock.
"Since I left." Sherlock said regretfully, hanging his head between his sturdy shoulders. "I know. And I'm sorry."
"Has she got a histor-"
"Remember Atlas, just breathe."
"Yes." Sammy and John joined afterwards.
"Me and Abayomi are working with our other friends, Xerxes and May to get some proof." Sammy said quickly as the girl who Sherlock assumed to be May walked up to them. Long ginger curls and green eyes.
"Yeah," Atlas smiled. "Feeling better now."
"Can we chat first papa?" Atlas asked as she looked up at him. He gave a little nod before looking at her.
"I don't know." Atlas asked before she made her way down again without the ladder. Jumping from the last branch, she landed like spiderman before looking up to see everyone looking at her. "What? I don't like taking the easy route. It's boring. And
"Papa?" Rosie whispered, looking up at her father expectantly.
"Just breathe. It's okay." Sherlock muttered, hand on the side of her head. John came over with Rosie, kneeling before her.
It was morning. No, no it was evening. Midnight. Exactly midnight. Everyone had gone to bed early. She was still at the lodge, they'd been there nearly a week. Now, as clear as day she heard Rosie's screams before nothing. Slowly, she felt her neck. Tranquilizers. Brilliant. Just brilliant. Now, she just wondered where everyone else had gotten to and prayed that she wouldn't run out of oxygen in there. Out of nowhere there was a low buzz - as if a microphone was turning on.
"Why?"
"Well it's very nice to meet you." John said.
"Alright, miss, sandwich," John smiled as Rosie bit into it happily and tilted her head side to side.
"It's okay," John reassured, a hand on her shoulder. "It's alright." But now Atlas was panicking, her mind running too fast.
"Because marriage is something I can't understand." Sherlock said quickly in return. "I've tried and I've tried some more. And each time it's more confusing." Sherlock said. He wanted to tell John the truth but it was as if the small amount of EQ he had left was telling him that he wasn't allowed to.
"Atlas." She said presenting a hand to the man before he took it. She shook it lightly while reading the man and she began to curse herself.
Oh and Rosie's dinosaur toy is like that green one that you can get from Jellycat.
"It is probably terminal. If you want to try to fight it, the best hospital is Manchester and I can get you a spot there in two days."
"It's alright dear." Mrs Hudson said approaching and reaching out a hand to John's shoulder, placing it gently. John then, took a sharp intake of breath and stood. Straightening himself out he removed his hands and looked up. "Come here." Mrs Hudson smiled as she opened her arms and allowed John to hug her. Wanda was crying too now, as she thought about her little boy lost somewhere.
"Yep, quite happy to go. Timothy walked with her there. She wanted to stay and call you but I said you might call back tonight. Sorry, I think we might have dropped you in it." Wanda said with a smile.
MYCROFT and Eurus picked up Sammy and Rosie a few hours later leaving John and Sherlock to sit with Atlas for most of the evening.
"Yeah, I threw up." Atlas frowned as John frowned at her, with his hand on her back.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"We're nearly finished," Atlas groaned, looking at him.
ROSIE'S face smiled in delight as she looked at what she and the other female family members had made. She was excited, in a way no-one had quite seen before.
"Uhh yes. At the very beginning. With the verses." Sammy replied, before Rosie clapped her hands together.
"I'll give you all hugs, sorry dad, Sam, pa, you'll get yours in a moment....and yes...you too Red," Atlas said with a grin. "As we are gathered under such a beautiful array of lights I just wanted to say that I am very grateful to have you all in my life. I was, I'll admit, scared before coming here. I was scared of it, all of it. I was scared of the journey and everything sure, but I was scared about meeting everyone too. And I was scared because I'm not normally liked and Uncle Mycroft and my dad can testify to that. We Holmes, we don't normally find people who care, so now, as I stand on the decking of my great aunts house, I feel its time to say that I'm glad that I came. I'm glad I faced that fear because we've now met Peter who, is one of the coolest people I've ever met. Isla, who is one of the best cooks and don't tell Grandma Wanda that. Aunty Harry, who is a comic and has given my other Aunty a best friend but most of all, Jo. I didn't think I'd get another grandma, I didn't think I'd ever get the one. But I'm happy. I'm really happy that I've got you and I hope that you know that I love you all."
"Yes," John sighed. "I just, I know I speak about her a lot. Like, a lot and I probably shouldn't but it's so, so difficult not to. I speak about her more than the others and I don't want them to think we have fav-"
"Look, I can't let the kid in." Lestrade said holding his hand out stopping Atlas from continuing any further.
"Your nuts," Sherlock laughed when she stood halfway up the hill waiting for him. When he reached her they fell into step and continued walking up the hill.
"Okay," Atlas grinned. And they began eating.
"Dad or Papi?" Rosie asked as she absent mindedly coloured, ignoring Greg's faltering composure. In an instant he became extremely proud of this unconventional lunatic that he could confidently call his junkie friend.
"Is surprisingly alright," Sherlock said as he looked to John. "We're just trying to do our best but he was a part of our family before his sister's diagnosis."
"Yup," John laughed. "Especially feline."
"Alright, yeah," Atlas sighed before they left the lab and went into the kitchen. "I just want to get it all done before we leave."
"I think you are too, sweetheart." Sherlock smiled as they made their way out of the room - but not before Sherlock had had a chance to stuff Whisper into his pocket.
"I'm still here, love," John said to Atlas. "I've got you." He looked at his watch. "Oh sweetheart." He looked at Sam now. "Get her box of medicine."
Recently Rosie had started speaking to a wider number of people, but they all just supposed it was because they were who she felt the most comfortable with. So far she'd only spoken to Lestrade twice and Sherlock, John, Mrs Hudson and Atlas. She still wouldn't speak to a stranger or Mycroft or Sherlock's parents.
"No." Sammy said, instantly concerned. He was always concerned for other people more than himself. "What's happened?"
"That's good because you make this place better."
WHEN Sherlock hopped into the front seat of the land rover, prepared to drive and drive and drive he was surprised to see Atlas sitting in the passenger seat.
"Not over there. The worst pain, was not over there." John said quietly, looking down to Rosie, then made eye contact with Atlas.
"I know, oh sweetheart, I know," Sherlock said, gathering her into his chest, her head resting against his shoulder. She sobbed harder when he put his chin on top of her head. "I've got you."
"Yes?" John smiled.
"Why?"
"It's a womens fit," Atlas said before Sherlock offered an outstretched hand. "Alright, thank you, it's quite heavy because there's loads of water."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Okay, thank you, love," John said before going back with Sherlock and helping.
"This." He said handing her a shopping list, a £10 note and a £20 note. It was small and consisted of various items, but she knew that depending where they went and what they chose to buy could increase it.
"Okay."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"We forgot our shampoo," Sherlock said and Wanda could practically hear the scowl.
It was inevitable.
It was typed, and so was the address. This meant that Atlas couldn't decipher the tone of the letter or who may have written it.
My timetabling is rubbish. So please, if you spot any problems with it leave a comment and I'll go in and fix it!
"I think that love is worth the price," Mycroft said, rubbing her shoulders
He just hoped his little girl would be okay.
"Mmmmm," John hummed with an audible sigh.
"Ah yes," John sighed. "And as I've been told, a tangle teaser is the worst thing to use on a combination of thick
"No," Atlas said. "Papa?"
"Sherlock," John said quietly, looking at him and back to his reflection in the mirror. "Am I...? Am I fat?" When Sherlock didn't reply John's hands pulled at his t-shirt. "I am fat. I'm overweight. Obese even. What are they going to think, Sherlock? What...?" He swallowed as Sherlock's hand slipped into his before he found himself looking up at Sherlock again, the taller man's arms wrapped around John's waist.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I'll get another," John smiled before going off to get a stool.
"Told you?" John asked putting a gentle hand to her back.
Atlas shook her head. No. She didn't. Yellow? Maybe. Light grey? Maybe. Pink? No. Red? No. No. No. No. "No."
"Just as it is, is fine." Jo said as she took the mug from Sherlock who smiled.
"Well, I always think I want to and then I think about leaving you all," John said, looking down at him. "And I can't anymore. I can't leave you or Rosie or Sammy and I definitely can't leave Atlas because she needs us right now."
"Alright, Atlas is with me though, so I hope that's alright?" John asked as Atlas eyed him up questioning who the caller was.
The safety's were popped and Atlas could feel the cold metal on her temple.
"Chilly curry?" Rosie asked, looking at him wide eyed.
"Anyway. We need to get in contact with the storage unit firm up in Edinburgh and see if they will transport her piano, violin and sheet music here." John inquired before he heard Sherlock sigh.
"May I?" He asked, Mrs Forbisher nodding as he weaved his way to her computer. The monitor buzzed when he plugged the pen drive in and up came some video documents. Mr Fraggerty turned the monitor towards her parents and Atlas' friends, Mrs Frobisher coming round on her office chair for a better look. Before them footage played of Atlas repeatedly coming into contact with Mrs Pertwee. Everything from the first day she was taken into her office to the incident of the day. The footage slowed and the room was still.
Preparations were in place as John and Mrs Hudson attempted to cook some food to put out as a help-yourself. Sherlock had already made something, and to Atlas' surprise he was a rather good cook.
"I know. But she's getting better. She's in rehab." Sherlock comforted rubbing his back. "I know you miss her."
"That I can agree with," Sherlock laughed as they walked onwards, the dog on a lead as they walked through the early morning traffic. "Fancy Salisbury Craggs? Should be able to let him off up there at this time in the morning."
WARNINGS: Tests associated with the disorder. Speaking of mental illness.
"You got a bad bad one." Rosie said quietly, nodding as she understood.
THAT evening the group anxiously awaited the Doctor Who christmas special. Several of them were fans, others not so much. Everyone sat where they had sat during the day the only difference being Atlas and Rosie.
"Exactly." Lestrade said before he dismissed himself. There was nothing else he could tell them due to the short supply of information.
They darted down to the bus stop and caught a bus into the centre.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows before John felt the urge to ask a question he'd been meaning to bring up for weeks.
Mrs Pertwee took a step closer, her hand on Atlas' shoulder.
Atlas slowly went to the door before flinging it open and in tumbled a man, accompanied by a suitcase.
"You think?" Atlas asked looking up at him.
"Come here," John said from where he was sat on the sofa, the younger man joining him in an embrace. "I'll miss my Xray if we take too long but for now...you deserve all the love in the world."
"Yes. We do." Sherlock smiled, John looking at them with a furrowed brow.
She already had tears streaming down her face and she felt herself slowly starting to lose all control.
"Nearly there, Red," Atlas called back to the dog who started sniffling the windows the closer they got to the Loch. She rested her temple against the window as they drove along. "Just here?" She asked as they pulled into a car park beside the Loch.
"Do you want a hug?" Sherlock asked before he opened his arms, his hands offered out. Atlas rolled her eyes, took his hands and pulled herself up. Hugging him tightly and itching her nose against the soft fabric shoulder, she sighed.
"Mrs Hudson," Sherlock said with a smile coming over and putting his arms around her.
The girls eyes darted open and she wriggled in her bed. She looked up at John who was saying something to her, Sherlock was too but she couldn't hear them. Her mind kept switching between reality and with her nightmare. She kept ending up in that place, the knife glinting in his hand. Slowly she put a hand to the back of her head and pulled her hand down to look at it and saw it was covered it blood. She stopped moving and just kept staring at it intently.
The dog had been sad seeing as he hadn't seen him and Atlas was even more depressed. Sherlock was due home at the end of the day and she had done very little. To her surprise Mrs Hudson had returned home momentarily, spoken to Atlas before departing the building.
"Come back to us, love," Someone was saying to her and she felt the soft mattress underneath her. She blinked a few times, trying to shake the visions of James. "Come on, your alright." She blinked again.
"Makes the two of us." Atlas smiled. "I'm not in pain, it's just itchy and uncomfortable."
"Do you want me to sit with you?" John asked and when Atlas nodded he moved around to the other side, hopped onto the bed and began brushing her hair out of her eyes. As she was lying flat, her hand tracked along the mattress until she found her dads hand and she held it against her stomach before falling asleep.
"What else was I supposed to do?"
"Am not."
"Go ahead, me and Mou will have a conversation," Sherlock smiled before nodding at Sammy who turned and left. "Now Mou, you and me are going to be friends." The cat looked at him before it rubbed it's cheek against his shirt. "Oh, oh thank you. Your lovely aren't you?" He paused. "Now, your owner is very upset at the moment." Quietly, Sammy appeared outside the door and just waited to hear what else Sherlock was going to say. "And he needs you to be his friend because his friend can't be there for him and she wants to be. And I need you to make sure he never feels alone, because I want to help but I don't know how. He's part of our family now." Sherlock looked to the door. "If he's ready, we are. We can decorate his room, he can have the spare one, although he might have to give it up when guests come or Atlas can. A rota! That's what we'll have."
They fell asleep shortly after and everything went still.
The key behind having Lestrade there was purely so that if they had any phone calls of a suspicious incident of two men in a black landrover, one of the men with a scarf round his eyes, it wouldn't be an emergency. Greg waved his goodbye to Sherlock as he jumped into the drivers seat.
"We're positive." Sammy replied. "She doesn't like the smell of it and she really doesn't want to touch it. She has poor psychological links to it. She wouldn't want to."
Rosie was getting her cast off and she couldn't wait. Babbling about it to John, Atlas and Sherlock all morning at the breakfast bar. Her mouth half full of raspberries as she pushed some into her dad's mouth. Sherlock realised that unless he got Rosie out for some positive entertainment that morning before they were going to get some lunch from somewhere, he would have to listen to five year old witter. Which, in truth, when it was Rosie was not witter but as it always is with children, it is repetitive. So to the park they went before lunch and then onto the hospital for 1:30pm.
"Yeah, yeah, I want to come home." Sammy smiled before he shuffled. "I don't know what to do about Leanne."
"It's alright," John said again, rubbing her back.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Oh," Atlas said as she watched him hop out and stand looking out at the view. She got out and stood next to him. "Sorry, I know you tried. I love you for that. I loved you then, I love you now. You were my everything,
"Do you want a barbeque tonight?" Wanda asked as Rosie sat up and nodded before making her way towards her.
"Why don't we go get some coffee?" Isla asked Jo, sensing an awkwardness in the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Listen to me. I'm going to do everything in my power to stop that from happening. Your too young and too smart to have a life as short. Your too important. I am
"Biscuit, please," Sam smiled before he took a wagon wheel.
She cried with a smile and sniffed into his shoulder. "I love you so much, Ida Atlas Elizabeth Watson-Holmes."
AROUND half an hour later a kind nurse appeared to take Sherlock to see John. Everyone agreed that he would go and see what state his partner was in, before the girls would.
"Oh wow, Rosie!" Sherlock exclaimed. "Look what you've found!"
"Okay." Atlas said in return, slumping into the seat.
"Sammy?" Sherlock asked as he watched Sammy search around his room frantically.
"Yes. Yeah, because what do they do?" Sherlock asked as Atlas looked at him.
"I missed you so much," Atlas said into her shoulder.
She'd grown over the past fortnight. And appeared to be fully engaged in whatever she was doing. So, Sherlock slipped into his lab gear and slowly and steadily sidled up next to her.
Sherlock's hand rubbed Atlas' back gently before caressing the back of her head.
"We're going to have to take her in," Ruben said before he collected the stretcher. "Who's coming in the ambulance?" He looked between the parents.
"Oh, thank you, Dad," Atlas said with a grin as he came over to sit opposite her and the dog.
"Dad," Atlas started. "Will you take me outside?" She paused. "To look at the stars?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Oh Sherlock," John said with a small smile.
"Is she okay?" Sammy then asked very quietly as he joined Mycroft on the table.
not you, will push the trolley." Atlas said before she darted off to collect some mushrooms for one of the upcoming evening's meal. John smiled to himself as he massaged at the injury lightly. It sometimes got like this. Periods of time that would haunt him and it would feel like the same as the day he got shot.
"I...I...love...you...but I...I've only...just got her back." Sherlock garbled out pulling at his hair with his right hand.
"Are you excited?" Atlas asked Rosie, her hands being placed either side her face.
"Atlas."
"Dad's autism doesn't define him," Atlas said quietly, meeting her dads eyes.
"A mental health issue." Sherlock finished nodding as he spoke. John looked slightly teary so Sherlock stopped walking and turned to look at John.
"I know," Sherlock smiled, looking at his brother. "I know."
"Not for us to say." John answered. "Asking her will only make it worse." Wanda did her scowl before Timothy told her to leave them be.
"What face?" Sherlock asked.
"No matter what," She mumbled against the wool of his jumper.
Meanwhile Sherlock and John were watching helplessly as she started up her no's again, panic flashing over her face.
"No problem, sweetheart," Wanda smiled as she watched her go. Once she was out of sight, Timothy came over with a smile.
"Yeah." Sherlock confirmed. "Little kids fall over. Adults fall over, it happens." Atlas looked at him relieved.
"I'm glad, duck," Sherlock smiled looking over at her. "We're going to go for a little walk, just you and me and the dog and we're going to go for lunch."
"Because she's me." Sherlock repeated quietly, one hand still on her cheek very gently. "Your my best friend and my daughter...and I love you." There was a conteplative pause. "So of course I'm scared." He did his little head tilt that Atlas so often did as well before she leaned back against him.
A lot of swearing in the next few chapters guys.
"You tell me interesting stuff." Atlas said quietly.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
Atlas sighed forcing herself to suck up all the pain she was feeling. Relief seemed to pour out of her body as she placed back and for across her room. She really missed her piano and violin as a way to distress so she chose the next best thing.
"SHERLOCK" John started, taking a seat in the chair opposite his fiance's.
"C'mere." Sherlock said as he opened his arms. "I believe you." There was a quiet pause. "I'll always believe you." Atlas cried at that and entered her dad's embrace, awaiting to hear John's sigh but it never came. Before she knew it was happening she felt herself being hugged by another person, John. She could smell his jumper.
"She hit her," Sherlock whispered looking away from John. "And I could never get there quick enough. I could never get to her in time, ever. But then sometimes she would hit me." He paused. "And that was always better than her hitting Atlas but of course that even scared her." He paused again.
"Yeah." Atlas sighed as she straightened up. "Just, there's a lot going on at the moment. My dad's on a mission and it's more dangerous than we've told my papa and then we're going to the spreading of the ashes of my papa's dad and sometimes it just...sentiment burns."
"Papa!" Atlas exclaimed upon seeing him. "Are you alright!? Are you okay!? Did you sleep okay!? Are you alright!?"
"I'll have the same as Atlas, please," Sherlock smiled. "Thank you."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
Atlas then tackled him into a tight hug as she sobbed into his shoulder, John placing a hand in her back and rubbing up and down. He rocked with her side to side, his temple resting against the side of her head. Behind her, Sherlock blubbered like a baby and John ushered him with an outstretched arm. He joined, John brushing a stray curl out of his eyes before smiling at him.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Papi," Rosie cried into the phone. "Daddy."
"Okay. I'll be by to pick you up." John said to her and Atlas furrowed her eyebrows at him. "We're going to have a barbeque out the back tonight because the weather is scheduled to be good. Just thought you'd want to spend the day at home aswell, seeing as Rosie isn't going back in until Monday. Worried she might say something about...well...you know."
"Are you sure?" Sammy asked. "I can live on my own but I don't know if I want to. And I could live on Jekyll Avenue but I'm not sure if I can without Georgia so that's why I want to be here. Well not here but at home with my other sisters...and well...you guys."
"I...I." Atlas began, but found that she was lost for words. For the first time in a long while her face was readable, and both men knew she was rather unhappy with this decision.
Without warning Sherlock engulfed her in a hug his own emotions spilling out of him. And before he knew what he was feeling or saying he replied.
"Yes, he has Rosie who I think, oh, she must be about five and then Sammy and Atlas. Now Sammy is maybe, seventeen I think and then Atlas is sixteen. She's younger than you Lily but older than Wendy," Damien explained. "And you will be nice to them. Atlas is actually quite poorly and both of them have been through hell."
"Okay," Atlas said. "I'm going to go watch stuff on my phone. I don't think I can go back to bed."
"It is that," Sammy smiled before looking back at the phone.
"Okay. I'm assuming your her dad." The man asked as he began to check over Atlas. "Hello Atlas. My name is Quentin and this is Jen."
"Oh Atlas," Mrs Hudson said pulling Atlas into her arms. "Oh, its so lovely to see you well and smiling and-"
"Where are your dads?"
"I need to retrieve something from the car." Timothy said in his ever mysterious way as he exited the building, not collecting his jacket.
"I can't. I want to go. Home. Go home. Need to breathe. Can't breathe." Atlas said quietly.
"Alright, okay, I know, I know," John whispered as Atlas' head stopped shaking and then her left arm began to slow, until reaching a stop. Her right hand following shortly afterwards.
"I love you too." Mrs Hudson said, a tear falling from her eye.
"Was that Sherlock Watson-Holmes attempting to make a joke?" Atlas asked, hugging him tightly.
"Of course I'm..." He paused. "This is about last night."
Twenty four minutes after the class had began and she experienced a short absence seizure. Unnoticed.
"I know you do," John whispered. "Me and Sherlock are here and will always be here, for you and anything you need to speak to us about." He paused with a smirk. "From, I don't know, sex to where your going to study." Sammy laughed at that.
"I know it doesn't. Where abouts are you?" John asked.
"So you split up with Clara then?" Atlas asked looking at her, catching everyone's attention.
"We had a tuner in aswell." Sherlock smiled. "I didn't tell At. Want to see how long it will take before she realises."
"I would give you a hug right now but I can't," Sherlock said gently before he reached over to her shoulder. Atlas nodded before Sammy slipped his arm over Atlas shoulder.
"Yes. She had blood in her sick and they did a gastroscopy. She's scheduled for ten o'clock tonight." Eurus said.
"Of course you can," Harry said turning to look at her. "You don't have to ask."
"Oh, I think so. Your both good cop and bad cop but you love those kids through there. All of them," Isla said with a smile. "And that's what matters. That you love them."
"How-"
He scooped her up bridal style and looked at the ceiling. "What now?" Before long another door opened and he lifted her through into another cement room, cement beds fashioned to the wall. However, John opted for the floor before hugging her close to him until she would awake.
"The coast. There's a path here that we might see dolphins or seals along." She said as she looked at her father then down at Redbeard. They began to walk on the beach section of the path.
"Oh wow!" Sherlock exclaimed. "It's wonderful."
It was only himself and John sitting in the hospital room, Mycroft having left quite a lot earlier. John had long since gone to sleep, but he couldn't, he never could. He always found his brain to be too alert, too awake but this was not the case in this moment. He needed to be awake, just in case she woke up. Just in case.
"Papa," Atlas said quietly squeezing her eyes shut.
"Oh Atlas," Sherlock whispered, rubbing her back. "I wish I never left."
"I'll go fill one for you," John said before himself and Isla left the room.
"I SPY, with my little eye, something beginning with 'R'," Atlas said as she looked past Sammy, who was sat in the middle and over to Rosie.
"Oh," Rosie said.
"You go, love," John said to Sherlock who nodded. "I'll come in the car."
"I wonder if you needed to go onto blended," Sherlock smiled. "And anyway, have you taken this mornings out the box?"
ATLAS appeared in detention that evening, no text to John again. Drumming in her ears. Silence.
"You don't have to." Mrs Peterson pleaded, the gun barrel digging into the flesh on her stomach. Atlas had fresh tears springing in her eyes, her family watching in horror from the other side. The teen was about to shoot someone. Normally Atlas showed more compassion but she couldn't. Not to the woman who sat by and let her husband abuse hundreds of innocent children.
Sherlock got bored of the man and sent him on his way before glancing at his watch and leaving the door open slightly.
Sammy didn't know until he got the phone call in school. It was the first day back.
"It is," Sherlock said.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
Sherlock held the bag with a shaking hand and Atlas steadied it with her own over his.
"Sleep Ro. You need sleep." Sherlock said putting her back in her bed and placing Jeff next to her.
Sammy's face dropped and he sighed. "I..."
"Is everything alright?" Jo asked gently.
"Yeah. Your running a temperature." Dr Aduba smiled. "Are you aware you keep having seizures?"
"I know. I know. I just...sorry...there's a lot of pressure at the moment." John sighed. "I shouldn't have shouted at Atlas, should I?"
"Nuh-uh." John said as Atlas attempted to pull away from where she was sat. "Come here." She lay near him with her nose tucked into his side.
"Too hard?" He asked her and she nodded and looked at him before he continued.
"Sam, listen to me. Our dad's love you. To the moon and back," Atlas smiled at him. "We all do."
"Stop making that face." John said, Atlas only screwing her face up even more as she looked at him. "Its lovely."
"Makes sense," John smiled weakly before Atlas frowned at him slightly.
"Yes."
"I love you too, Ro," Sammy grinned.
"I love you," Sherlock smiled.
"Name?"
"Okay." Atlas said before approaching her uncle. With an impulse she hugged him tightly and Mycroft seemed somewhat taken aback. "Thank you for saving my life."
"Mmhm?" John smiled as he squatted down to her level, a hand on her back.
"No. It's alright." He said. "When we get home, I'll get you a GP appointment."
John reached a hand up to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear and she just looked at him.
"In what?" Mrs Hudson asked.
"Before we travel any further, all of you have remembered your presents for people I hope?" John said quietly. Atlas put her ear down to Rosie's mouth after the younger girl had tugged on her sleeve.
"Yeah. He's one of the few people who doesn't think I'm freak spawn."
Atlas took a seat next to John and as Sherlock unpacked the bag, she looped her arm into his and he kissed her hair.
"Did you get it published?" John asked as he walked over from the bookcase. Atlas and Timothy exchanged a look before they both nodded eagerly. Wanda bustled over to Timothy kissing him on the cheek before saying.
"Fake name." Sherlock said John looking at him pointedly. "Sorry." Sherlock mumbled before he looked over to John again, the reassuring hand still on his knee.
"That and she is good with handwriting and telling you a lot about a person based on their handwriting." John added as Sherlock and Mycroft both furrowed their brows. "She told me everything I already knew about Mary and more when she found a note of hers scrunched up under the sofa."
"Yes...no, no I don't." Atlas said flustered and they stopped the wheelchair. "I don't know...I'm not..."
"Papi just got called a faggot." Rosie whispered, eyes going wide as she looked at Atlas. Her eyes were blue like her father's and her mother's from what Atlas had seen in photos. Atlas looked at John Sr in random disgust before standing.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"HelRo," Atlas said, reaching out a hand to her.
"Hey," John said quietly. "Listen to me, you cannot control this." She gave a little sob at that. "I know it's hard, I know. But we're here." John said, his eyes meeting with Sherlock's who had just finished laying out the baking powder. Sammy popping in the door, coming round to kneel by John's feet.
"For the first time in my life." Atlas whispered. "I can't deduce what's wrong or solve the puzzle." She bit her lip in an attempt to prevent the tears from falling. She sighed taking a seat to the side of the bed, Sherlock taking one nearer.
"What did you dream about Atlas?" Rosie asked quietly, Atlas looking at Sherlock and John for help with how to answer.
"Breathe, just breathe," John whispered into Sammy's hair. "I know it's hard, Lord do I know."
"I'll come too." Wanda announced putting a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
Atlas' eyes smiled and before long she was nodding eagerly and following Mrs Hudson to her computer. On the monitor there were three tabs open at three different cats and Mrs Hudson had been sure that they were all dog friendly.
"Ah," Atlas smiled before looking around the room.
"Alright, blue eyes. What game do you want go play?" Mycroft asked gently. "We have 'Scrabble' and 'The Logo Board Game' and we also have 'Trivial Pursuit.'" He gave a weak smile.
"Crap," John whispered as Sammy killed the lights before pulling on his trainers and grabbing the car keys to get her weighted blanket. Rosie began to cry then, and Sherlock shushed her.
"Well observed." Mycroft interjected.
"No, no, I just feel it," Sherlock said resting his head against the tiles behind it.
"Your right. Whatever your thinking is right Dr Watson. Yes. Your theory is correct, and yours Mrs Hudson." Atlas said aiming the last section in Mrs Hudson's direction as she leaned against the door frame.
"Rosie," Sherlock smiled.
"Or co-parent." Sherlock said quickly.
"If you and Sammy measure out the ingredients and then me and Rosie can mix it all together." John said to Atlas as Mycroft and Eurus came in. "And can you two do the cutting up of toppings. Have a look in the fridge."
She thought about Rosie and Sammy next. Neither were blood relations but both were her siblings. Sammy, had been taken under the protective wing of her parents a while ago and Rosie had always been there. The added bonus was that she smelled like strawberry shampoo.
"So, it was in some...whisky. It was an experiment, to see if it tastes the same as it smells." Atlas said looking up at the ceiling. "In conclusion, both revolting." She gave a little chuckle before her smile dropped. "It as in the ice cubes. Typical. Riddle behaviour. A copycat who obviously isn't very intelligent. Seen riddles with that in for years." She paused thoughtfully. "I really am sorry dad, papa." She looked at them in turn. "I didn't want to touch it, to-to drink it but there was this person inside me, telling me I had no other choice... Like this urge." She stopped then looked to the ceiling. "And then I remember feeling just before I went down that feeling at the base of my skull. And I can remember waking up, all alone and I'm afraid to say..."
"I can see that," John said, reappearing and handing Sherlock the coffee before sitting down on the bed on the other side of Atlas.
"No. I think I'd rather see how Sherlock's doing." Lestrade said kindly. "Do you want a lift there?"
"It is like that," Sherlock smiled. "And I'm glad."
Once everyone was served and settled the conversation at the table begun. But not before Atlas laid down some rules.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Rosie needs to go to bed soon too. Do you want to come up with your dad and me? We normally give Rosie a bedtime story." John said as Atlas decided that sounded quite good and stood up, walking to the stairs and going up.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So, are you in school or?" Damien asked, Atlas looking to John for an answer, for confirmation.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
It read as follows:
As they entered the house, Atlas smiled, before them was a little bit for their coats and jackets, shoes and umbrellas. To their left a huge open space and to their right there was another door which - when Atlas poked her head in out of curiosity - she discovered contained a comfortable sized bathroom. Directly infront, she noticed the coat rack and shoe rack but also a spot for putting shoes to dry on the radiator. It was then she noticed the rack aswell for hanging out wet clothing. In addition to this, on the wall nearest the bathroom there was a set of stairs. She assumes they led up to the second floor, of which the website explained their were bedrooms.
"I hurt you," She whispered, not daring to look at him.
"Fall out with Soph?" Harry asked as Sherlock continued driving.
"I LOVE you, John Hamish Watson-Holmes," Sherlock smiled as he kissed his husband's cheek in bed.
"She will," Sherlock smiled, with an underlying laugh. "Oh, Atlas. It's alright."
"Well," Sammy smiled before he ate some more. "In conclusion, Mrs H, I'm very content and very good. Thank you. How have you been?"
"No. He's cool." Sammy said before Atlas looked at him skeptically. "Oh and by the way. If your looking for a friend, I am too right now. Job's going." He smirked causing Atlas to do the same. "Come on, Monday morning rush hour starts early in London. We'll be able to get into some coffee shops will open within the next hour and a half." He said before providing her a hand. The light was just coming in and judging by the traffic it meant that it was approximately 4:30am.
Rosie hugged Atlas' legs before hugging Timothy's. John and Sherlock came over and joined in the celebration. John's parents stood looking confused as their eyes flashed over the dark haired girl.
"Hey, hey," Sherlock paused. "Hey, stop that. We know, just breathe. Your alright, just breathe."
"I believe Mrs Hudson requested your assistance with some baking. Shall we go and see her?" Sherlock asked, Rosie nodding enthusiastically as she got off of his lap.
"Can we walk Redbeard?" She asked excitedly looking over at the window.
It was dark when they got back to the car and whilst Sherlock was putting various things in the car, Atlas noticed something. She walked over to one of the wheels and sighed when she noticed it was flat.
"Just take a few more minutes, yeah?" John asked, glad that he'd just managed to catch a panic attack in it's tracks. Sherlock nodded, curling himself tightly into a ball around John's body. "Alright, I'm here."
"My tummy hurts." Atlas whispered looking at Doctor Aduba. "It feels like cramp but all over." Atlas gave a sob before she let the tears fall and fall and fall and she gripped onto John's hand so tight he thought it was going to fall off. She threw up again and again and again until she was just dry heaving and sobbing.
• Lestrade
"I'm going to ask John for help...And...well...you." Atlas replied. Mycroft sighed looking at her smugly.
"We have stuff to make pizza's in. You know, our own homemade ones Papa." Atlas said looking over to John who smiled as she got the mix out of the cupboard.
"You, my breathing, the nurses outside and the rustle of your blazer," Atlas said, Mycroft rubbing her hands reassuringly.
"Hello Molly" John said as he exited the Kitchen. He beamed at her as he walked over and gave her a hug.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"You'll be alright. And if your not, me and dad and Rosie and Sammy and anyone you want can be here." John said, biting his lip to stop himself from crying. But the walls weren't thick enough and before long he was letting out a muffled sob.
"They're lovely people," Atlas smiled. "And they make the best pizza. Gordon's dad was Italian and Beattie moved here from Italy when she was three after her parents emigrated from here to there. That's why they have a pizza place."
"Hey," Sherlock said. "Sammy, that doesn't mean we don't want you to stay with us. We do. We...well we love you."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"You should go aswell, Sherlock," John insisted, looking up at him. "Take your tea and get some sleep. Let your brain heal a little."
"That would be very nice, thank you," Lucy smiled before Sherlock disappeared outside and John was left smiling at her.
We're here again folks.
All three of the siblings recognised it, whilst Harry and Jo listened to it with new ears.
"Stop," A voice whispered. "I know how much you need to break things and destroy everything but it's okay. It's okay, Ida. I've got you."
"Right." Wanda said after some time. "Tonight Rosie, Atlas, Eurus and I are cooking, and tommorow night the men cook." Wanda looked around at the faces she had called to attention. "Deal?"
"I was just looking at some cases. What are you up to?" Sherlock asked as he watched her play on this weird Easter egg site.
"Okay, love, I'm just coming," John said.
"Help me." Atlas whispered under her breath as Lestrade phoned for bomb disposal in the corner of the room. Sherlock was crouched before her looking at her kindly, in a way which Mycroft had never seen him do with anyone before. Not even John seemed to get this treatment, at least not from what he had observed.
"Pescatarian. I'm enjoying it. Rosie and Atlas seem quite keen on being pescatarian. I think Sammy likes it." Sherlock said, Sammy giving a little nod. "Just getting John around to it."
"Because it's a complicated story. And I don't know the whole of it." John smiled, Rosie nodding as she understood. It was true, he didn't know the whole story and he didn't understand the emotion. The story was
"Alright, so, me and you went to see Dippy," Atlas smiled. "I think we went with Sam one day." She looked at Sammy who nodded. "Then we went with dad and Sam one day whilst Papa was working."
"Thank you," Sherlock smiled.
"I don't know why you two insist on calling it a
"Like your mother." Atlas replied quietly, looking over to John who was stealthily avoiding eye contact.
Then he remembered the hospital, the electricity jumping between them as Sherlock heaved sobs over his broken daughter. He remembered the same feeling the day they bought the christmas tree and then he frowned, took a swig of whisky and gulped. Oh shit.
"She's an escaped murderer." Atlas smiled, knowing she'd won after all. "I was running a case with Lestrade, Sammy was with me."
going to remember." Atlas explained as she felt tears prick her eyes. "Or at least, you would only remember a little bit."
"I just..." Sherlock began. "I love you." He needed to get that off his chest.
"Why's it your last name?" Mrs Pertwee said, eyeing her over her square glasses.
"What if Rosie struggles to tell us in future? What if they both feel like they can't tell us things because of gender?" John said quickly, all of it falling out his mouth at once. "I don't want to fail."
"She had a fit and she wouldn't come around," Eurus said. "She had another fit in the ambulance according to Mycroft and she's just started another now. Her temps right up though and she's experiencing quite a severe delusion too."
"Yes." Eurus swallowed.
"Atlas." John tried to soothe. "No you don't."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Ughhh," Atlas groaned as she rolled her eyes and flopped back against the bed, only for Sherlock to get up and come around to sit next to her. She soon readjusted herself to lie with her head in his lap, his hand going to her hair.
"That sounds like a dream," Ruth smiled. "I only ever have heavy metal drums or endless guitar riffs, which in truth I love but classical is beautiful."
ATLAS heard her dad
"We need to do quite a bit of shopping first Rosie." John said as Rosie pouted before Atlas added.
WARNING: Hallucinations, panic attacks and cardiac arrest.
"Yes, you should have," John said and Atlas turned to look at him. "But that doesn't mean I'm mad or anything like that. I know that I can't even begin to understand how hard it can all be."
"Sherlock?" Atlas knocked. "Sherlock?" Atlas entered to see him fully engrossed in his experiment. He didn't even flinch when she shut the door and so carefully she approached him. She didn't have to ask what he was doing to know that he would probably end up on the list of most likely to be a murderer list if someone found him - then again, he probably already was.
"Madagascar." Rosie said quietly pointing at the country.
"No," Atlas sobbed, shaking her head.
"But don't you think he's a little...crazy?" John Sr said. Wrong move. Now he had the wrath of Wanda to put up with.
Sherlock and John looked
"I know papa." Rosie whispered, looking up at him with glossy eyes. "Just, At is ill a lot and your a doctor. What's wrong with her papi? What's wrong?"
"The way we were brought up, huh? So unfair." Eurus smirked before she realised they'd been down that path already.
A moment later and Atlas' drooping eyes followed her father's movements as he cleared as much glass as he could without disturbing her.
He opened the front cover, his eyes going to what was written on the front page. He assumed Atlas hadn't seen it. Infact he knew she hadn't, she didn't need to read the book she helped write.
"Goodnight nana," Rosie said running over and kissing her cheek before kissing Atlas, Sammy and John as well.
"Yes," Rosie smiled as she swung on Sherlock's hand. "Daddy?"
"What do you think?" Sherlock asked, handing it over to Atlas who looked at it before realising there was something she had meant to say to him.
"Thank you." Rosie grinned as she looked at her plate before Atlas gave the other bowl to Mrs Hudson. Mrs Hudson thanked her before she went to retrieve the other bowls.
"Please, if I ever say something I shouldn't." Atlas began. "Don't take me seriously." John gave a little chuckle as he rubbed her back.
"Yeah, love?" John asked Sherlock gently.
"Well put," Harry said with a smile. "Aww, look, you've made my baby brother cry."
I'm aware the title of the chapter is misspelled, this is intentional.
"Yes." Mycroft replied. "I love you." He whispered.
"Lovely to meet you," Peter smiled with a wave as John came over and shuffled in next to Sherlock.
"SO, wait." Greg said to Molly who was standing outside his hotel room door. She'd arrived just two minutes earlier with an unnerving spring in her step and just spent those two minutes speed telling Greg about what Sherlock had said on the phone. "Your telling me our sociopathic best friend who somehow has a lovely family of his own, has bought a house?" Molly looked at him and nodded once, biting her lip. Greg, who until this point had thought Molly was pulling some really good (for once) practical joke, sighed and beckoned her inside. He put the kettle on and continued to look at her like she had just told him of some miracle - then again, it
Seizures. But your still here so....
"It would be an honour." Sherlock smiled as he held out an arm. Atlas latched onto it and he held onto her. "Walk or wheelchair."
SHERLOCK opened the door to the house and looked at Sammy with a calculated nod. "Alright?" He asked as he saw Sammy's glazed eyes.
"I can't really live alone," Atlas said slowly. "Not that I really want to but I don't have the choice."
"Thanks."
daughter working in the same institution.
"Knock knock," Wanda said, smiling as she entered only to see Sammy and Atlas curled up together under the duvet.
"Let me finish." John scolded, hands back to being placed on the sides of Sherlock's face. "You watched your own daughter get shot and nearly die, you've battled your sister, Moriarty and Magnussen to name a few. Hell, Sherlock. All I've done is been to a war."
"Ugh, thank you." Sammy sighed, brushing a stray blonde curl out of his eyes.
"Your alright, your okay, Sherlock," John was soothing as Sherlock put his ear over John's heart.
"Oh. I don't know. I'd maybe see some friends." Mrs Hudson lied, unaware that three people were keen eyed watching her.
"Course you can, sweetheart," John smiled as he opened out his arms and beckoned for her to get closer. Doing so he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her hair in a sweet gesture. "Are you okay?"
"I know, I know, love. I know."
"Same here. I just...I guess I didn't really believe it," Sherlock said as they walked through the lobby. "I didn't really know any different."
"Sometimes you are stupid John." Atlas said.
"John," Sherlock whispered. "I'll never do that and besides, what was it Rosie called you the other day?"
"Jeff goes everywhere," John said as Rosie nodded. "He always has and he always will." Rosie giggled. "And it's also why he needs to be washed regularly and also needs to go into surgery." John glanced over at his husband who was stitching the toy's neck up.
"Yes, normally," Atlas started before she looked at him. "But that doesn't mean anything, dad. The reason you haven't told anyone about your autism is because, at the end of the day, the label doesn't matter that much. Your you first and foremost and then you are a list of other wonderful things aswell."
Atlas is on her period in this, just so you know.
"I'm going to climb into the bed with you. I brought "The Two Towers" and I'm going to read it to you." John said before collecting the book and thread bookmark that Atlas had made and climbed in. Lying on his left side, he outstretched his arms for Atlas and let her into his embrace.
"But I should be better," Atlas sobbed.
"Oh Atlas." Xerxes signed before leaning forward and giving her a hug. May joined it soon after and then Atlas pulled away.
"Okay," He smiled before they went in and he sat her down before sitting opposite her. "Talk to me."
"Yeah. Course, love." John said looking up, before kissing him and looking back down. Then Sherlock turned to look at his siblings.
"You guys and Eurus are the only people who're ever going to understand," She mumbled as Sherlock rubbed her back. "I love you Myc."
"So a long time then," Damien said quietly. "Who caught it?" He asked. "The FND."
"I love you too." Sammy added before joining the hug. "I think your dads really want to see you. Okay?" There was a pause. "I know our visit was short but your dad is hanging around outside and he's been so upset Atlas."
"Magic," Atlas said with a smile. "I'm a lot calmer when I'm with you. I feel really good and I don't have as many absence seizures and I don't panic so, Rosamund, you are my magic."
"I wouldn't say your bad at it." John sighed before looking at Sherlock, tall and brooding suddenly became tall and....perfect? All this time of loving his best friend so much it hurt, John didn't want to ruin the friendship they had built.
"I know, I know it hurts," Sherlock said quietly, holding her still, the dog lying on her feet. She pulled away and looked at him. "Are you back now?"
"Sherlock, breathe," John chided with a smile. "It's okay. Stop panicking alright? I'm here to help you, okay?" John's face soon fell however as he attempted to soothe Sherlock. "Sherlock, look at me. Sherlock, will you look at me?" He lifted up his hand and wiggled his finger that held his wedding band. "What's this?"
"He has proof. It's not bought with dodgy money or anything and I put the remainder into other funds for retirement for us both. It's all secure, I worked for some of the money so-"
"But you did, didn't you? You helped him when he was being Sherlock and you've been there to rescue him
"Okay." Sammy smiled back, before looking at her. "I don't really want to leave you, Atlas."
"Okay. Tell them I love them." Sammy said as he followed John out the door but just before he left he spoke. "Oh and Sherlock."
"I'm sorry Atlas, I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered as held her hand in both of his. He rubbed it gently. Atlas just looked at him, with a little frown that made her seem even more childlike than what she already was.
"When can I go home?" Atlas asked quietly.
"No, because I know that you aren't currently taking the medication that makes you drowsy on a morning because it makes you drowsy. In short, you constructed a lie and you know I'll deduce why," Sherlock frowned. "So come on Atlas, love, move your legs." She turned over and sat on her elbows, glaring at him. "You didn't even tell John the truth. What did you say?"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
In the end, Atlas fell asleep resting against John on the bed, with her hand inside Sherlock's as he sat on a chair. His head was resting against John's stomach, his snores barely audible.
"Okay." Rosie squeaked, Jeff clutched to her chest upside down.
"Okay, I'll start," Sherlock said with a smile. "First names included or?"
"Your beautiful," John whispered. "And I'm so proud of you for looking after Atlas the way you did. For caring for her, for never giving up." Before Sherlock rested his forehead against John's forehead and closed his eyes. "And all that you've ever done, are all the reasons I love you. Giving her violin lessons from her bed and just being you, for being the kind ever loving...
And the decking erupted into applause and she looked at John who was crying.
"No," She said through tears.
HARRY and Jo began moving out the next day. Atlas and Rosie helped them move what little personal items they had into the landrover. Once they were finished, Jo and Harry said their goodbyes to the girls before hopping into the car, with John at the driving seat and the back seats - bar one - down. Then, standing on the doorstep of their house, they waited for Sammy, who had promised he would walk Redbeard with Atlas and Rosie.
"They won't unless I have an adult present," Sammy said quietly.
"Its called being polite." Sally smiled before looking at Sherlock, who's mouth seemed to be quirking upwards.
"Oh, you came down here, I didn't know where you went," Sammy said, appearing aswell and sitting next to Sherlock.
"You could've been taken."
"Do you like it?" Rosie asked, giving the Watson eyes which weakened the knees of a Holmes.
"The long one is only seven miles," Atlas said rolling her eyes. "Can we do that one? It goes up that hill and walks along the ridge, it'll be quieter, passes the viewpoint and goes elsewhere."
"Where were you hiding that?" Sammy asked.
"Yep!" Rosie giggled holding up Jeff.
"I need some air." John said getting up and collecting his jacket. Atlas peered over her book and looked at Sherlock as if to say, go with him. Sherlock moved Rosie off his knee and he got up and went with him.
"Not your fault." John smiled softly as he looked at her.
"Of course," Mycroft smiled at her. "Now, Ida!"
"Put the guns down and then we will," Sherlock said.
"Please," Sherlock said, his facade crumbling, his voice breaking harshly. He broke as soon as his forehead hit John's collar bone and John stayed still.
"I think we need to run a CT scan to check for any recent brain trauma." The nurse said and then it became apparent to Atlas that maybe he wasn't a nurse.
"Just so you know, I do love you dad. I'm grateful to you and of course papa too, for sitting with me in the hospital. You didn't have to and you should really have gone home and I feel
"John, I love you," Sherlock said, whispering as if it were some forbidden secret that he dare not say.
WHEN she woke up, she was greeted with the smiley face of Mrs Hudson who was holding her right hand in hers. Atlas gave Mrs Hudson's hand a gentle squeeze before opening her eyes and smiling.
"For Sammy, he says it's because he's not used to a large family with loads of people who love and care about whether he lives or breathes. For Rosie, she knows no different-" John said.
"Alright?" He asked as she nodded.
"For bonding." Wanda added and just about everyone sighed except for John.
"I want to go home." Atlas whispered a she took another sharp, harrowing breath.
"Stand up." Mycroft insisted, looking down at his littlr brother. Sherlock didnt move. "Sherlock, stand up." He hissed.
"No, that's not what I'm asking." Sherlock snapped and before he could get another word in John intervened.
"I love you too. Now, what do you want?" Sherlock chuckled as she rubbed her nose against his shoulder.
"Yes," Atlas replied sharply before he just glared at her and giving up she leaned against him.
"What time is it?" Atlas whispered.
"But you buy things all the time." John said exasperatedly. "Have you done something?"
"Atlas, wake up." John said holding her shoulders and shaking lightly. "Your dreaming, sweetheart. It's only a dream." And that's when she shot up, unbelievably fast and crashed into John who looked taken aback.
JOHN stood in the doorway to Atlas's room and looked over to where she was sitting crossed legged on her bed. When he entered and carefully shut the door with a slow and gentle click, she looked up.
"Hey, duck," Sherlock said gently, the nurse bustling about her IV tubes.
"Eight am. We arrived around about six which is when they took you to the shower block." Mycroft explained as he pulled up a chair and sat down. He held her hands in his own as she stayed sat. Rubbing gently Atlas gave a small smile, as Mycroft pulled her forehead to his lips and kissed gently. "Oh Ida."
"Our stockings!" Rosie shrieked as she darted back up the stairs before coming back down even faster.
"But you love her?"
"Yes. She was. Atlas' mother was shot." Sherlock said, holding back on no details. "Like your mother was shot."
"Speaking of London," John said. "Grandma and grandad are video calling later and Aunty Eurus said she would join the call."
"Thank you," Atlas cried as Rosie frowned.
"Yeah. 'Spose it's the whole observation thing. This is how I release what I feel." Atlas said as she continued to tap.
"You've never been."
"I have every right." Atlas said in the silence before getting to her feet minutes before the bell. No lunch today then. She sent a quick apology to Sammy who sent a smiling emoji before a see you next period. It was English with Miss Frobisher - who so far had only
human being it would have sounded offensive, but to Sherlock it was a recognition. An understanding that John now saw that Sherlock's mind
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Well, actually your my friend for life until you or I die," Atlas laughed before Sherlock smirked.
As she entered the room she spotted the wall to her right had a kitchen area and breakfast bar. High stools lining the edge and wall cupboards going along. She spotted another door, right next to the cabinet with the dishwasher. Over on a diagonal to the breakfast bar, she could imagine a dining table that could fit six people (eight or ten at a push) as they invited their numerous family members over for meals. On the far end of the room, the same wall as where she could see the second lounge area, there were sliding double doors which opened into a sizable garden.
"I'd noticed," He smiled gently before kissing her cheek and rubbing her back. "I'm here for you."
"Sorry sir. Was just letting sickbrain know his place again." The man sneered before verging away, Atlas and John both wishing the slippery ground to cause the man some injury. However, not a moment later, he was back, Sherlock dropping his eyes to his feet.
"He insisted to be at home for Atlas," Wanda said. "And when I tried to chase him out he refused so I didn't want to fight it."
"About what?" Wanda asked her eyes looking wide in realisation.
"You seem less enthusiastic about it, Atlas," John said and Atlas just shot him a glare in the wing mirror.
"What happened?" John asked, aware that until Sherlock got over himself he would have to take the reins alone.
Rosie couldn't wait to get rid of the pink.
THAT evening after Mycroft and Mrs Hudson had arrived and Atlas and Rosie had gone to bed everyone settled into the living room.
"I love you too."
"Only that Sherlock and Atlas need our help and that it's a big surprise for Rosie and John." Molly smiled, a pause for a comfortable silence. "Oh and that we're picking Sally Donovan up. Apparently, herself and Sherlock have been getting along recently. Which is, in all honesty, hard to imagine. I can't even imagine them having a civil conversation, let alone Sherlock letting her into his house."
"Okay." John frowned before Atlas made herself comfortable and hummed.
"Good," Atlas smiled. "I'm good too."
When they finally arrived they could see Harry and Jo in a little booth off to one side and they joined them. Atlas slipped into the seat next to the wall and John slipped in next to her.
Sherlock nodded, Damien taking over in holding the tissue and went into the kitchen.
"Last year. Stroke. Then dementia, death comes to us all," Gordon frowned before Atlas smiled gently at him. "Anyway, introduce me!" He turned around and offered a hand to Sammy who was hanging in the doorway
"I haven't told Sherlock because he holds such
"Yeah?" John asked.
"He put himself there." Atlas finished off for Lestrade who looked at her. "We just don't know why."
"Mmm?"
"Dr Watson?" Atlas asked as Mrs Hudson's eyes went wide at realisation. She hadn't told the girl that his name was John Watson or that he was a doctor. And she'd been with the girl since she arrived. Though she put it down to the fact she may have researched them. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
"I'll take him." Sally Donovan said before taking the teenager off to one side. A few moments later, Atlas heard him retching, and she closed her eyes regretfully.
"Oh, sorry." Wanda said as she followed the others in with Timothy. Her eyes glanced off Atlas and caught sight of Rosie who was ambling into Mycroft's lap.
"Look after her," Atlas said to Sammy who nodded.
"Yes. That's what I said." Rosie said in a tone so like her dad's. She sucked her bottom lip with her top row of teeth and looked at him expectantly.
"I would say I missed you too, dad. But gathering by the stubble on your chin, I'm guessing I've been here a wee while." Atlas laughed, the croak having dissipated.
Nightmares again.
At peace.
"No," Atlas whispered. "I want you both here." She paused. "Unless you need to leave." She spoke again, pulling away as he shook his head.
"Why?" Rosie asked.
"Oh. Hey." John said as he entered the living room sitting down in his chair opposite Atlas who was sitting in Sherlock's. Atlas remained hidden behind her book as she frowned behind the book. Sherlock came in and frowned as he observed his kid.
"Do you want a hot water bottle?" John said before glancing at Isla to catch her attention. "I'm sure Aunty Isla has one."
"Is that Rosie?" His mother asked, her accent more proper than anyone could have been expecting.
"Then let me go. Leave. Don't see me. Don't contact me." John said through gritted teeth.
A Holmes didn't do that.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Georgia...yeah...well, anyway." Sammy said. "I'm gonna head over to the hospital with my guitar. I'll say goodbye and sit with her. That and I'll let her mind have a brain workout by helping me plan my trip."
"I know dad, I know."
"Yeah," She nodded as he rubbed her temple gently with his thumb.
"Uh, it's not stupid." John remarked before looking at her. "It's not stupid." Placing a warm hand to her shoulder she nodded before continuing.
"Yeah." Sammy said with a smile. "Could I? I don't suppose I could, would it be alright if I played to her? So long as she's not sleeping?"
"Sherlock, it's definitely ours? No strings attached? No nothing?" John asked, thinking of times earlier in their lives.
"Hey, it's okay, it's okay, Sherlock," Harry said just as Sammy came in and collapsed into Sherlock in a fit of sobs.
"I know." Sherlock whispered before he sniffed against John's hair and inhaled the smell of strawberry shampoo. "I'm sorry."
"Unfortunately," Sherlock whispered, just as John grabbed his hand and rubbed with his thumb.
AT approximately 2:30pm Mycroft and Eurus arrived in through the door to the private room and sat down. Atlas was still lying against John, snoozing.
"Yeah?" He asked coming over to the single bed. She sat down and patted the space next to her, sitting she began.
"I'll go get your present." Atlas said getting to her feet, Rosie ran after her as they exited the front door. They went out to Mycrofts car and collected the dog who had been surreptitiously fed and walked by the man himself.
"Perfect, that'll finish off the quilt. You say that Isla has a machine?"
"Sam," Atlas said poking her head in the door. "I need your help."
"She's having a seizure," Sherlock said quietly.
"Is your shoulder paining you?" She asked politely.
Eventually, they managed to make the end of the hallway as they stepped into Mycroft's office. As usual Sherlock didn't so much as look at him, however Atlas smiled at him nervously.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
ATLAS found herself in a bus shelter at four am. Dimly lit the world around her slowed down, only an occasional car passing to remind her where she was. Her purse hung heavy in her pocket as she thought about walking to Uncle Mycroft's but he would be asleep by now. There was Molly, but her and her partner were probably planning a date night. Then again there was also Lestrade but Atlas had never thought to ask where he lived. So she stayed, in the bus shelter for a further ten minutes.
"Just a little longer," Sherlock smiled. "We're too late for breakfast here but we'll go for brunch at that pancake place." She pulled away and smiled at him. "Always gets you to smile."
"I always have to trust people, Alison. I'm seriously surprised your not more of an advocate for trust." Atlas sneered looking over to her. "That husband of yours, ouch."
"It's alright, honey, it's OK," John reassured reaching a hand back to rest on her knee. "Oh thank god." He sighed as the traffic began to pull away only for people to start turning around. "I hope the ambulance isn't caught."
"Mrs Hudson."
"Nothing's up, she's a teenager." Sherlock said coming over to the sink, spitting into it.
"To stay with Mycroft and Eurus today," Sherlock smiled before he kissed her forehead and left the room.
"No, Atlas, its okay," John said gently from where he rubbed her shoulder gently. "It's alright." His eyes were kind and soft and neither of them were mad at her, but most of all, they were both awake. Grateful for that she noticed the loss of Whisper and her photo from her hands and started to panic again.
ATLAS woke with a start, sweat pouring down her face, hair matted and she immediately looked for Sherlock. Who was alone in the room and sitting on the couch. Mindful of her stitches she looked at him, rolled over and sat up.
"Yeah sure." Atlas smiled, before she looked at him. "Do you want me to improvise some stuff over it on the piano for now? Or just leave it?"
"99%." Lucy smiled. "He plays the double bass as its the only register he can hear and because he can feel the vibrations. Your kids and May put his love back into it. There's a video of them all, I don't know if you've seen it, when they were planning to make a YouTube channel for their music."
"SHE didn't mean it," Sherlock insisted as they waited for an XRay.
"Okay. Just checking."
"What happened earlier?" Sammy asked semi-urgently, with a frown on his features.
"John." He replied hoarsely.
"Your the only one without patients that day. That's why we have you on four appointment days and one "free" day." The man said, over his lunch box, his hands out. He was the man in charge of everything from timetabling and when certain people did what. Oversaw all the doctors and things like that. "Your the only one."
"You. Care to join me on my evening ramble." Sherlock asked kindly before his mother nodded and got up from her seated position. Timothy and Wanda shared a look before she left the living room to prepare for the cold British air.
"Of course I'm sure. I know what I'm getting into, but...I know I love him. And I hope to god he loves me otherwise it could make an incredibly awkward marriage." John joked before his smile faded and Timothy looked at him.
"Are you alright?" Sherlock asked John quietly, rubbing at his shoulder.
"A diplodocus," Rosie said. "Diplodocus! Diplodocus! Diplololodocus!"
Atlas and Rosie were sleeping up some stairs in the cottage - that was actually a wood cabin. They were off to the left and was directly above three other rooms. There was another room right next to the kitchen where Wanda and Timothy had already claimed.
"I didn't know Sammy's dad had died." Sherlock remarked as they were half way across the grass. His hands clasped behind his back, John's loosely hanging at his side.
"I know you didn't," Mycroft smiled, and he rubbed her hands some more as she gave a little sob. "Hey, hey, Ida, John'll always love you."
"You have no right." Mrs Pertwee sneered before looking at her. Another silence ensued. Lunchtime beginning to draw to a close.
"Well that's what I thought," Sherlock said.
"It must be hard on him," Lucy smiled and Sherlock just nodded. "But you seem to be doing right by him and he seemed to be happy in that video Xerxes sent me of him playing the trumpet."
"Yes," Atlas replied, looking around the shop. "It's beautiful right now. When everyone is just waking up and the air is fresh."
"And you have it." Sherlock whispered as he looked down at John.
"Alright," Mycroft said. "Do your grandparents know?"
"Come on then. What's your question?" Sherlock asked his eyes analysing every detail about her. He too was learning much about the girl however she did well at not showing any emotion on her face or anywhere else.
"This is normally my spot." A blonde haired boy said, as he came into the shelter and sat down. It was now that Atlas realised that the timetables were all from 2005 and she realised it was unused. Atlas shot him a look as the other boy sat. There was silence for a while.
"I know," John soothed. "Stop apologising."
"Hey." John said as he looked up from the TV before adding. "There's some leftover spaghetti that Mrs Hudson made on the side." Atlas was surprised and somewhat scared by John still choosing to care. She was confused as to why he would care so much and the tension began to build again. Swifty she deposited her things in her room before coming back into the kitchen. She heated up the food in the microwave before wading over and sitting on the floor by her dad's feet.
ATLAS started in bed at approximately 3:30am, sweat dripping down her forehead and sliding down her back. Her breathing was fast as she remained lying down, a hand over her mouth to prevent herself from making any unwanted noise. She looked over to where John had fallen asleep, his and Sherlock's hands long discarded on the mattress. She looked around the dim lit room, and out to the hallway where she saw the nurses going about. Her head was banging and her mind racing uncontrollably fast as she rejected all urges to fly.
"I know," Sherlock said. "But it's who she is and I'm also incredibly proud of her too."
ATLAS didn't expect to see Sherlock and John come waltzing into Books & Beans and order something to drink. It was nearing early evening and she sat quite quietly reading 'War and Peace' by Leo Tolstoy, a rather heavy book. From her little corner of the coffee shop she could observe the people around her and they would be none the wiser to her sometimes long time staring.
"Oh Sherlock." Mycroft said quietly, deciding whether to walk over and comfort him like his ice man heart was furiously begging him to do or as his head was demanding him to ignore.
There was a quiet tap at the door and they could see Sammy, holding Rosie up his front as she slept. Jeff held clumsily in his free hand as he came into the room.
"Well then," Isla said with a smile. "I suppose I should help."
"It's late." Sammy said, sniffing. "You don't have to."
"It's one of the more painful procedures," John frowned. "Sorry, Rosie." He looked back at her to see that she was speaking to Jeff and trying not to cry.
DR FIONA HARPER:
"What do you think it's about?" She asked as she changed the pages in her messy book.
"Sherlock." John said, quieter this time. Kinder. Softer. "You just, you need to tell me about big things like this, okay?"
"Everyday when I spoke to him. He said he wished he could have remembered you. Just as I wish I had met
"I remember. I reported it," Mr Thomson said with a smile as Sherlock's eyes went wide and Atlas trusted her impulse to hug him tightly. Wrapping her arms around him she smiled.
"Thank you," Atlas whispered, as they sat there.
"It makes it easier for you and dad's work and for my...well...yeah, it's just easier,"  Atlas grinned, looking up at him. "Your not fat."
"ME and your dad have been chatting." John said as he came to sit by Atlas, on the two seater sofa. "It looks like Harry and Jo need to stay a while longer-"
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Ah." Mrs Frobisher sighed before she thought about her next action. "I still feel we need to suspend her as for she reportedly spoke to Mrs Pertwee afterwards. Heated words."
"You know," John said quickly and that was when Sherlock pulled away and looked at him sharply.
Think the next book will be called "Shining Ships and Rosé Lips."
"I'm fighting this with you like we always did and like we will always do," Sherlock said as he looped an arm around her waist and walked with her to the bed and sat her down.
"Got it!" Rosie squealed as she put the dog food down for Redbeard and came over.
"Yeah," Atlas said looking at the floor. "Just once...I just...I found this photo in the bottom of the box...of her and she's like smiling..." She looked up at John. "At me and she's happy and I think...no..." She had tears in her eyes. "I know...I need to apologise to her."
"Everything is fine. It is. But I don't know. I just...no...I don't know," Atlas whispered said quickly, slowly becoming more and more worked up.
"Yeah?" John asked as Sherlock slipped beneath the covers and nestled into the older man's side.
"It's not more than one." John sighed. "Is it?"
"Doctor." Atlas cemented.
"Purple or yellow," Atlas said into the phone. "I miss you."
"I didn't. I was just a little stern with you," Sherlock said before it dawned on him. "You were going into a sensory overload."
"Four, Wanda. You and Timothy are the closest I'm ever going to get to a set of parents. To an extent I'm beginning to like Mycroft and Eurus too." John laughed before adding. "Just please, don't tell them that."
"With Uncle Mycroft and Aunty Eurus." John said, rubbing a thumb over her temple.
Then eventually Rosie's legs tired and she began to lag behind.
"Don't be...don't be scared Ro." Atlas whispered.
"It was nice to meet you." Atlas said reaching out a hand to Dr Watson which he took gladly. However he didn't let go.
"Yes," John said before Sammy angled his head to lean against John's shoulder. "Alright, kid?"
"Atlas," Sherlock said as his daughter stepped forward and handed him her fiddle. "Duets."
"If ever there was a room that fitted our girl, this is it." John smiled looking up at Sherlock, wrapping an arm round his waist and kissing his cheek.
"That's good." Sherlock said smiling in return.
"Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade. You can put her violin in my police car." He said, gesturing for a grumpy looking Donovan to open the car door. After depositing it, he came back over and they dipped under the police tape.
"No matter what," Sherlock offered with a smile. "I love you too." Atlas smiled back at him before they got up and went off to find the rest of their family.
"I hurt," She whispered inaudible to all but John and he just tucked her under his chin - coffee on the bedside table.
"Hmm." Pause. "How's your relationship going?"
"I never thought you'd say yes." Sherlock said quietly, a lump of happiness catching in his throat. John rested his forehead against Sherlock as Redbeard came to lie by their feet.
She'd cracked. She'd gone insane. She was her mother. She'd become the very thing she didn't want to be.
"Really?"
"I know," John said back before Atlas sobbed. "Oh, love, I know."
"Yeah. She is isn't she?"
"Harry?" John asked as he got closer and noticed his sisters black eye. When she blinked her eyes open she clutched onto his arms and he hauled her to her feet. "Harry can you hear me?"
"No," Sherlock said. "No leaving until we sort this."
"Atlas," John said turning in his seat. "Come on, sweetheart."
Music on, they toddled along the road, past scenery and views as they reached the North of England.
"That doesn't stop it because what happens when I push you too far? Or Atlas wants to leave or Sammy or Rosie or-or it all comes crumbling because my enemy finds me?" Sherlock rattles, sitting up to look at John fiercely.
Atlas nodded once as she looked at a picture of Sherlock holding her, her mother (who did not smile anything like the goofy one painting her father's face) and then one of a couple she didn't recognise.
"Alright, Atlas, it's alright," John said, hoping against hope that she would look up at him and come back to the real world. "I think we need to get you lying down."
"A mind library," Sherlock said with a smile. "How's about we play that game you like, the one with the names?"
"I would of. If I knew how to get here." Atlas replied, a hint of sass running through her teenage voice as Sherlock remained silent. He would have let her go alone, but he couldn't be sure that Mary-Anne wouldn't cause her psychological issues after having a conversation with her.
"Yeah?"
"John, love, that was so long ago," Sherlock whispered. "Remind me not to say love again."
That evening, Abayomi left the group chat and flew for Dubai.
"You bought her some?" Sherlock asked as he held John to him.
"Thank you," Atlas returned before she could be heard moving about. "I..." There was a pause in her voice. "I just started my period whilst I was in the shower, luckily for us all, and could you...maybe...please...get me...?"
AFTER much debate it was decided that Mycroft and John would stay inside Mycroft's office, speakers and video switched on for maximum protection. That way Sherock and Atlas could speak to her mother in silence.
"Yeah, did I?" Atlas asked with a little frown and questioning, afraid eyes.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I apologise," John said quietly.
"Yup?" He said poking his head forward.
"You can just try a little," Sherlock chided before he offered an unseen smile.
"Sammy." Atlas said warningly, unwilling to let her friend buy her lunch.
"Aww, I love you too," Harry smiled before hugging her. "Now come on, I'll buy you the strings...but only because your playing will make him cry."
"She's been reluctant to show her face," Wanda informed with a frown.
"Hello brother." Mycroft sliding onto the uncomfortable chair next to him. Both men were high profile but lay undisturbed in silent recognition. Mycroft put a hand to his brothers back in reassurance and to his surprise Sherlock did not try to shrug it away.
for her so just stop. Leave her be."
"Hello?" A woman's voice asked. So not his father then.
need any sheet music?" John asked with a gentle smile.
her dad.
But most of all, we did not see glass corridors and riches, instead we saw friendships, adventures and the importance of making a map.
"I love you too, you brilliant man."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Yes, we are rather," John smiled. "Atlas is particularly attached to Sherlock's brother Mycroft and spends a lot of time at his. But we all see them regularly and spend time with them."
"Yes?" Doctor Aduba smiled before Eurus took his hand.
"The Vault." Mycroft sighed before walking towards it, stopping when he touched a glass pane.
"Yes?" Mycroft asked quietly.
"I should have told papa the truth," Atlas whispered, her hands shaking in her lap as her dad kissed her temple. "Does he get it, dad? When you have these days does papa understand?"
"How do yo-"
Atlas squatted down to Rosie's height as she noticed the girls expression.
"You shouldn't worry about your grey hairs." Rosie smiled, John turning to look at them - or rather Sherlock's back. "I like grey haired people the most...except for Uncle Mycroft, Aunty Eurus, Redbeard, Nana Hudson, Molly and Andrew." Pause she looked thoughtful. "Atlas! I love Atlas. And I like Sammy too." Another pause. "I like everyone."
"I tidied her bed up for her and it was good, yeah..." Sherlock smiled before he exited the bathroom. "What is it they call it?" He paused. "I feel...lighter."
"Atlas. Let me."
"I can't help it," Atlas laughed.
"Sherlock, what are you doing?" John asked with a smile and a look that was only reserved for the family.
"Jesus, I love you." John said looking up at Sherlock.
"ROSIE'S speaking to Samuel you know." John sighed, smiling as he sat down opposite his partner. He smiled slightly as he eyes him up. Sherlock's hands were placed in thought, chin resting lightly. An eye flicked open and tracked John as he sat. He went back to his thoughts, John eagerly reading his book. However, this didn't last long as he looked up to see Sherlock looking directly at him.
"Okay, I'll keep an eye out for a service station." John replied in response to Atlas. For the car journey so far they had blasted Christmas songs through bluetooth from Atlas' phone. "Also...Sherlock over here fell asleep just as we left the motorway."
"Daddy, come quick. Atlas is sick." Rosie said before she darted off leaving the two men to look at each other, swiftly making their way through.
"Yes..." John said, a long silence occupying the room. "She doesn't speak."
"Who are you trying to convince? Me or yourself?"
"Long," Sherlock said. "In order to discover, they had to test because despite my notes there was no definitive pattern and when they realised that they were Pseudo seizures it was like...okay...we'll try treatment and then it took that really serious seizure to discover the FND and all the puzzle pieces fit together kinda from there onwards."
"Some days it feels like I have a mini orchestra living with me," John smiled.
"Stage 4. It's Stage 4 now. And the mets are flowing through her bloodstream, she's riddled with it like it's some sort of parasite." Sammy spat out, John continuing to rub his back furtively. "But Atlas..."
"We are," Mycroft mumbled. "But so is John, Rosie and Sam...what do you mean?"
Sherlock had tried to put his arms around John but he'd pulled out of his grasp and so, they went to sleep with their backs to one another. It was cold without John's fluffy socks against his or his body. And it hurt, to think he'd upset his husband, one of the most important people in his life. And he didn't mean to. He really, didn't mean to.
"I've got a headache," Atlas whispered before tucking herself up against Harry. "I should probably go to bed." She unravelled herself before getting to her feet.
"Why would you need to trust me?" Mrs Pertwee glanced.
"Hey," John said into the phone. The older man had pulled himself out of bed and was now sitting on the edge of it. Sherlock stirred momentarily and wearily - as they were all the time at the moment - he moved over the bed to sit behind John, wrap his arms around his torso and lie his cheek against his back.
"Sort of. Just your mummy-"
"I haven't decided. Do I give you guys somewhere to go to grieve me or do I give you the air in which to grieve me?" John asked before he frowned. "Cremation probably. Let me be in the wind."
"Forever and always."
"I'm sure you answered as well as I could." John said and Atlas let out a breath she hadn't realised she had been holding. She immediately looked relieved, smiling slightly at John.
"Ok. I love you guys." Sammy frowned. "I don't want to go."
AN hour later and they could hear a cello being played. It was low and frankly beautiful and so slowly, so, so slowly everyone in the entire house migrated towards the living room and filed in. Atlas' back was to them whilst Sherlock faced them with his violin. He looked over the back of Atlas' head briefly before down at her. She seemed to nod her queue to him and he began to play and it was...beautiful. Sammy picked up Rosie and kissed her temple, though she was too big and John made his way over.
"Eurus?" Atlas asked quietly.
"We don't think it's right dear. Rosie should grow up without the pressure." Jo said looking at her son. Timothy and Wanda moved to stand behind John, as if they were supporting his and Sherlock's decision.
"Hey Sam. Are you alright?" John asked Sammy came over and gave a little smile, before sitting down in a chair.
"I'm sorry." Atlas said after she put the basin to one side which was quickly picked up by the nurse. She then collected her blanket around her and tucked herself in on herself.
"Let me," Sherlock smiled before nodding to Sammy with a smile. "Atlas is tired a lot at the moment."
"Ah," Atlas said before Sherlock removed his coat and took up a seat next to Rosie to look at her colouring.
As soon as he had left Sherlock, John had scrambled over to Mycroft who had a laceration on his upper arm that was bleeding heavily. The glass still inside. In that moment the trauma doctor in him came through. He knew the risks of taking the glass out but he knew the equally worse ones if he didn't. In one movement the glass was out and the scarf that Eurus had been wearing was wrapped around the wound. The man below the doctor cries in pain before lying back and looking at the ceiling. At this moment, was when Rosie threw up, John looking back. All he had to see was Sherlock, gently rubbing her back and soothing her before he knew he could continue checking Mycroft over. He removed his own jacket and wrapped it around the man's shoulders who took it without argument. Eurus collected the umbrella, Rosie's coat and Mycroft's blazer before walking towards the centre of the room. The buzz returned.
"What's he doing?" Atlas asked with a smirk before Sherlock shook his head and shrugged.
"Ah yes. Says here. Can I get your name please?" The man asked, leaning in closer to the opened window on Sherlock's side.
"Dad." Atlas sobbed.
"Hello, Ida," Mycroft said on the other side.
"I love you too, Rosie," Sammy imitated.
"Hey," John said leaning forward. "Right here. Your ok."
"Hello." Doctor Aduba smiled, standing at the end of his bed. "So, your CT scan has shown us something quite interesting but we need to run a few physical tests before making a final diagnosis. As I'm a pediatrician, I'm not qualified to run these tests but our neurology surgeon is going to come in and see you once we think your clear of the poison symptoms because, as is always the way, there are crossovers between the symptoms of what we are looking for and other potential diagnoses."
"It's just hard," He whispered, resting his chin on John's sternum with his forehead pressed against his lips.
"Oh god." Sammy said looking to the ceiling before putting his hands to his knees and looking at the floor. John reached out a tentative hand and placed it soothingly on his back. He rubbed gently.
"Yeah." Atlas replied looking at Mycroft who looked unimpressed by her decision to pinch the phone off of him.
"So that's why you wanted to do the English Literature, History and Politics course. To bump yourself up a bit." John smiled, Atlas nodding as she chucked some books into her bag and pulled the tie.
"Hold on, I'm just getting to the good part." Sherlock said smiling to himself as he opened his mouth to speak.
"John will have the right stuff for it with him. Or at least, he'll know what to use." Sherlock sighed before holding her head with his hands. He pulled her forehead to his lips and he kissed it, before his chin was rested on the top of her head.
"She's very sweet." Wanda noted exchanging a smile with John who nodded in return. He had since placed the bags on the floor. Eurus and Rosie got on very well for some reason but one could assume that it was because neither were partial to chatter or speaking.
"Oh kid," John said with his eyebrows furrowed. "If you need anything you can talk to me or Sherlock, alright?"
"That's good to know." He smiled. "How's your head?"
John and Sherlock laughed.
"Oh my dears, oh my dears," Isla smiled before kissing Sammy's cheek and then Atlas'. "It's lovely to meet you both."
"Sorry," He whispered after a beat or two.
"I do." John said, showing it to Sherlock.
"Which one?" She asked as she went back to her colouring.
"It's Rosie." Eurus admitted. "I didn't want to tell John, but we can't get her down to sleep. She keeps saying she has something for Atlas. I said that me and Mycroft would take her tomorrow but she keeps saying it over and over." There was a pause. "I'm really worried Sherlock."
"These are my children, Rosie," Sherlock gestured to Rosie who was sitting on Sammy's lap. "Sammy," he gestured to Sammy with a smile. "And you already know Atlas." Sherlock was beaming. "And this is my husband."
"No comment." He laughed, sharing a look with Atlas who smirked. She knew fine well it was real, she just didnt know where it had come from. Rosie yawned loudly before laughing all over again. Then John lay down under the covers, Atlas and Rosie going underneath aswell. Rosie and Atlas lay facing each other, Sherlock on his side as Atlas lay on her back, Rosie of course copying. They were so close to each other that they only took up a half of the bed. Yet they weren't ready for sleep yet and they continued to speak. John was lying with Rosie like a mirror, one hand stroking through Atlas' hair.
"Shh, shhh. Atlas, breathe. I know, I know." Eurus comforted.
He was singing now, in his pretty singing voice that could light up a whole room and Atlas, her mind a whirlwind, found herself calmed. Safe.
"Why would we mind?" Harry said, touching his shoulder before they got to their feet.
Sherlock took his gloves out his right coat pocket and pulled at them. The leather stretching out after he's been forced to wash them a few days ago. John kept his eyes ahead, watching as a young woman was stood in front of them. She glanced behind her swiftly and locked eyes with him smiling. Sherlock looked up momentarily, giving a small smile. He looked down again fiddling with his gloves as a nervous habit.
EVERYONE had opened their presents and now it was only Sherlock's left. The box that contained the collar had been handed to him, but Mycroft told him just to wait.
"Shhh...shhh..." Sherlock was muttering as he pulled Atlas to sit. He sat on the bed and pulled her to his chest. "I know. I know."
"Triggers?" John asked furrowing his brow at Sammy.
"Rosie, Ro, I know it's scary but you need to be quiet. Atlas needs you to be quiet," Sherlock whispered as John sat on the floor next to Atlas. "Shh, shh." Sherlock whispered before he sat down on the floor near John.
Tentatively, as if it may break beneath his fingers, Sherlock opened the book. The first two pages they came across depicting a baby. And Sherlock. And her mother.
WHEN Sherlock arrived, Atlas was still clinging to Mycroft's back, sobbing quietly.
In the living room, Harry had a hand on Sherlock's shoulder as she taught him how to breathe again.
"I said that to my dad before his spectacular car accident." Sammy said regretfully. "Too late to take it back."
you because god only knows what your future has in store for you. And..." John swallowed thickly, tears in his eyes. "I'm very scared, you won't get to have one."
"Hang on. Do you mean?" Sammy began Atlas nodding once.
John looked at her expectantly before she put her phone back on her bedside table.
"You got picks?" Sherlock asked Sammy as he took the hard case with the guitar inside.
"'Course," Sherlock smiled. "Your my baby, I'll always be here for you."
"Sammy wants to call you guys dad and papa but he doesn't know how to say it," Atlas said bluntly. "What?" She paused. "I wasn't going to beat around the bush."
"Dad, you look just like you did when I was little," Atlas grinned walking over and hugging him. He gave a grin and kissed the crown if her head.
"John," Sherlock whimpered, looking at his partner. Tears in his eyes his breathing speeding up.
"That's actually a better sign than I was predicting. Your seizure was approximately fifty minutes ago, so your capability to walk is definitely better than I was expecting. You'll still need to complete quite rigorous therapy and wear the oxygen mask from time to time when you are finding it difficult to breathe, but it looks like things might just be on the up. You've still got quite a long road, however, you can now use the toilet. So when you need to go, press the button, a nurse will come through with a wheelchair." Doctor Aduba smiled, unmoving from his spot. "I'll be by later on this afternoon."
"Hello." John smiled, standing and taking Leanne's hand. "Nice to meet you." Just as Sherlock slipped through the door and scooped Rosie up into his arms. A fit of giggles as Atlas plonked a little melody on the piano.
"They've called an ambulance, dad," Sammy whispered.
"Bye." John and Sherlock said in unison before hanging up. John got to his feet and was about to leave the room when Sherlock's phone rang.
"But he didn't come back the first time." Atlas sobbed before Timothy pulled her into a hug and rubbed her shoulder. He smelled like pine needles in winter and it instantly soothed Atlas.
"Alright," Sherlock chuckled. "Now, are we having some trouble working on transposition?"
"I brought my daughter, I hope that's okay?" Sherlock said with a smile.
"Me and your pa have some work to go through." Sherlock explained looking at her. Her eyebrows furrowed in response.
"Your still a child, your only sixteen and these seizures and tremors are not things you have any control over," John said rubbing her arm. "You are a wonderful, beautiful person and don't let this put you down."
"You know?" Sherlock asked. "Everytime?" Atlas nodded, Sherlock squeezing her shoulder in return. "He'll be alright. He's a Watson." Atlas and Sherlock shared a knowing look. "Don't worry about him."
"Donovan." The female officer said, pausing as she thought about adding the first.
She leaned against him as she sat forward on the sofa. "Alright?" John asked, rubbing her arm firmly with her thumb.
ATLAS took a while before she woke up and when she did, she was greeted by Sherlock's face opposite hers.
"John," Sherlock whispered, looking at him.
THE next morning brought Mycroft and Eurus who stopped by with scones that Mycroft had made. Atlas was curled on the sofa, looking out the window vacantly when Mycroft walked over.
"You don't have to," Sammy said.
Sherlock chuckled before lifting Rosie off his lap and moving his chair to the other side, Sammy doing the same.
"Wow!" Atlas signed and spoke as Rosie nodded with a giggle and reached out her hand to Atlas as she took it.
"Sorry, love. These results just came up different to what I was anticipating." Sherlock said looking to his eldest who smirked, rolled her eyes before looking at him pointedly.
"How?"
He wasn't sure he was ready to adopt her yet or rather, he wasn't sure she was ready. That teenager had seen more than your normal teenager would, she hadn't even been here a full year and to be honest, John was scared of taking on a teenager seven years early. Then again, he supposed he already had and it wasn't that difficult.
"Do you need me?" John called out into the hallway as he held a tissue to Atlas' mouth.
And Rosie was so confused.
"Oh yeah, sorry, John," Harry smiled. "Come in, come in."
"John Senior." John sighed as he sank into one of the breakfast bar stools and rested his temple on his fist.
Everyone went back to what they were doing, Sherlock putting his thoughts to one side and continuing his story with Rosie.
"No matter what." Atlas laughed. "Did dad say it to you?"
"Don't move." A voice came, barely a whisper. "Don't speak and don't open your eyes. Your safe. Your in hospital. Your ill. We've closed the blinds and killed all the lights. We've muted your monitors and switched off the fan. Now," the voice paused. "It's only me and papa, but we can leave i-"
Sherlock silently nodded taking a sip of his tea. He reached a hand over and took her own and in a moment she felt happy. It was strange that her father could do that but she seemed relaxed. "And then sometimes my brain works to fast and I can't get the words out my mouth fast enough." Sherlock laughed, Atlas joining in.
"I'm impressed." Atlas said to Eurus. "Dad said you had a smart mind, but your not doing exact measurements like Mycroft will."
"Yeah?" John said pulling away and looking at him.
"This -" John said before tossing the not-atlas corpse to one side. "What the hell have you done to her?"
"Love you too," John smiled before he grinned at him and took a few steps back, Sammy stepping forward.
he didn't."
(See the end of the chapter for
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Strange as it sounds. I like the initial meeting when all the Dwarves turn up and eat the food." Atlas laughed and Timothy joined in.
"But you worked at a doctors practice, how could they not understand that?" Harry asked urgently, John shrugging his shoulders.
"We could do with a break," Sherlock smiled as Atlas glared at him.
John said looking at him and reaching up to touch his cheek.
"Out." Atlas said quietly, dropping the spoon in the bowl regretfully. She'd thought there was more, she was sure. "Have you-"
"Is she ok?" Sammy asked as he walked over, Wanda not far behind him.
"Wine." Mycroft said before disappearing.
"Its alright. Autism or something?"
"I don't know, I think I've cut my...my head." Atlas said, putting a hand to the side of her head, near her hairline.
think about her."
"Atlas' mother was ill." Sherlock said as he continued to hide behind his fake facade, every word threatening to crumble from his lips.
"No," Xerxes signed, Sammy speaking aloud. "None of us like to party so we're going to have a society meeting and hang out."
"Christ. Why haven't you been picking up?" John asked, feeling a silent anger building up.
"An easy decoy." He smirked. "I wasn't going to do that. No reason to, if I had neuclear weapons I'd probably end up blowing myself up. No, no, I filled up what's her name, the little one. Rosie? Rosie was it?" He asked taking a few steps towards Atlas who nodded once. "Ah yes, the assassin's and war doctor's child. And the fat one. You call him the government. Yeah.Well, I filled their tank with water. Probs dead." Atlas looked at him like he was the most hateful person in the world. Behind her back, her hands began the fiddly untieing of her ropes, one hand quickly released. However, she kept it behind her back, eluding him and his wife to her still being locked up.
important," Mycroft smiled.
"Mrs Hudson." Atlas smiled goofily.
"Tick tock." The voice projected again, before another door opened. "No more child games." Sherlock gingerly went through, clutching Rosie's hand tightly in his own. John was protecting their other daughter, now he has to focus on keeping Rosie safe.
SHERLOCK stood in the waiting room, waiting for news or for John to appear with Rosie...
"It will be." Sherlock said whilst presumably sending yet another tweet.
"I hate you! I hate you!" She shouted through sobs.
"Okay." Atlas said quietly as the nurse guided her into a seated position.
"Yeah. Sure." Sherlock said as he rose from his seat and put his jacket on. Atlas doing similar as they took the dog out with them.
"I just," Sammy started. "I really like wearing makeup and pink two piece suits and stuff and I'm comfortable as a guy but everybody is always watching me but its who I am."
"I'm fed up," Atlas groaned and Sherlock rubbed her shoulder.
"My dad died in a car accident, straight off the M1 into the traffic below. Multi-car pile up. Wrecks for metres," Sammy said quietly. "I was...at home. I'd fallen out with him the day before over something or another. I'd said he wasn't my dad because in truth he was my step dad. And then he died, on impact. Fast forward a few months and my sister is told she's got end stage leukemia and dies in Manchester miles from home and I hold her, whilst my mum drinks and drinks and drinks and once Georgia goes I get the next train home to see Atlas in hospital. And Sherlock and John go to Norway, and Atlas is back in hospital and I think she's dying. But she's not obviously. And I go to school, the last time I was there, and my mum shoots herself in a hotel by the River Irvine. I'm not there, I'm here. And I stay with Atlas and then my Aunt, she tries to take custody of me. But Sherlock doesn't let that happen. And John makes pizza."
DR FIONA HARPER:
"You have anxiety." John said and Sherlock nodded. "Well, we both know I'd be a rubbish doctor if I didn't know that." John's hand moved up to the base of the back of his neck.
"I know you won't." Atlas replied smiling to Sherlock as he stroked hair out of her eyes. Her breathing was as normal as you would expect for someone who was trying to stay alive after being shot. However, her humor was in tact as Mycroft and John arrived.
The room quietened before they began to chatter again and John was left to his thoughts.
"This way you don't whack your head off the window," Sammy laughed.
Oop. This is bad. Hope you enjoy tho...
"She was shot!" Sherlock near shouted, his eyes opening fast. "She was shot." He repeated quieter, John taking up his hand instead. "Her own mother shot her and she was shot where Mrs Pertwee was holding her fingers."
"Is it a nightmare?" Sammy whispered as he watched Atlas' head tossing from right to left.
"Yep," Harry said with a smile.
"What's up Ro?" Sherlock said pulling away to look the girl in her eyes. They shined back at him before darting around in search for her dinosaur, Jeff. Upon seeing it, she picked it up and cuddled it between herself and Sherlock. Suddenly a padding could be heard as Redbeard nudged the door open and came to the side of the bed.
"Oh Sherlock," Mrs Hudson chided with a grin. "Sarah is my friend and we decided to get a little cottage in Surrey."
"When it's not to you, yes." Sherlock replied as he gave him a glare, Rosie placing Jeff on his head amongst his curls.
"Thank you, Mycroft," Atlas smiled before looking at her dad again. "We're all Holmes."
ATLAS sat in the window reading a book, Rosie sitting near her feet colouring in her map again. The dog had lain down next to Rosie, his nose putting snot on her map. This was normal for people based case days. There they couldn't be seen, Rosie was largely self sufficient as commonly she would nap against the dog.
"I can certainly agree with that," The man smiled. "You don't...it's just...I recognise you..."
"No," John replied stoutly, looking out the window onto London.
"About them being together. It's not exactly a match made in heaven." Jo replied looking over somewhat bitterly as Sherlock and Rosie squatted down looking at bugs and Atlas was trying to chicken leg John.
"Myc?" She asked sweetly. "Will you read to me?" She gave him the eyes and at first when everyone thought he was going to say no he let her climb up with her book and he read it to her. He took on all the voices causing her to giggle as he read to her. They were smiling with each other.
"This okay?" He asked gently and Atlas nodded into his shoulder.
"Yeah." Sherlock said taking her hand and holding it over his heart. "Your ok. All those monsters. Your ok. We've got you."
"Are you alright, sis?" Sammy asked, looking at Atlas with a little smile.
Atlas looked over to her father who nodded, she looked back to John. "Root cause is anxiety. Creates a weird thingy ma bob with my heart, blah blah blah. At least that's what they think, it's still being researched. I've heard it so much and plus your a doctor so I don't figure I need to repeat it all."
"Obviously." He repeated quietly. "And I was so sure that it was you." He swallowed thickly. "I was
"Why would someone want a neuclear weapon?" Eurus asked before looking over to her sibling who shrugged. They went around the maze aisles trying to get there. "Then how come your the government?"
"I love you," Sherlock smiled resting his forehead against John's.
"But what if I don't...
"Grandma Jo? Aunty Isla?" Atlas asked, the two ladies looking at her.
"Its beautiful, isn't it Sam?" Atlas smiled at him, before he smiled back.
"From..?"
"Shouldn't you two be sleeping?" John asked gathering Atlas' blue blanket he'd pinched, pulling it around himself and standing to his feet. The glow of Sherlock's phone led him over to the bed.
"Because of the thing that Atlas has that makes her ill," John replied as Rosie just nodded.
"Sorry Ro." Atlas apologised before hopping out of the hammock, Sammy having to catch himself on his hands and clamber out.
"It's nice to meet you both," Damien smiled from the other side of the table.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Four words. Eddie just had to say 'your alright' twice," John said with a frown. "And it always takes me a long time. I don't know, it was stupid. I shouldn't have felt jealous about that."
"It's nice to see you again." Atlas said trying to strike up some form of conversation, however it didn't seem to latch on. "I was hoping you could tell me where my mother is. I just want to know where. Then maybe I can see you every once in a while." Atlas began again. "Maybe...Maybe I could see her."
"Atlas?" He said swivelling and there she was, at the door, looking at the floor. And he felt awful. And sad.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Just some guy in the street." Atlas said reassuringly. "Anyway, your the one who's really hurt." Atlas lay on the floor, inspecting Rosie's cast with enthusiasm.
"Had a case this morning that was absolutely boring and then I got the phone call to pick Atlas up so we watched Cloud Atlas all afternoon." Sherlock sighed before he offered John a smile.
"I'm sorry. I didn't...I dont have a ring." Sherlock laughed stupidly, John laughing too.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Now, by using my doctor knowledge I can guess what just happened. But it would be better to hear from you." John said as pulled up a chair opposite her. At this point Sherlock appeared in the kitchen, his brow furrowing when he saw Atlas at the table.
"Thank you," Rosie said and signed before Xerxes gave her a thumbs up. Soon enough they reached the park and Rosie ran to one of the football posts with Redbeard.
DR FIONA HARPER:
"Papa," She whispered drowsily as he got a hold of her wrists his forearms pressed to the backs of her arms.
"More," She whispered as she squeezed harder, sighing against him. "That's good."
"The face you make when you pity me or are offering up sympathy that I don't, quite frankly desire or deserve," Atlas bit at him harshly before pausing. "Sorry. I didn't mean it to come out like that, dad. I'm grateful for your concern."
"If I do move out, it has to be with people who know me," Atlas said quietly. "I don't think I can any other way."
Eurus spotted it first, the laser before realising that the requirement was to trip them all at once. Oh, far too easy. Suspiciously easy. They did so, lying objects of clothing in the right spots in order to trigger them. With a bellow of air and an interesting click the Vault opened revealing a concrete room. The room had concrete beds and was empty.
"I just...it was a bad dream...a nightmare. About this, this man." Atlas started with a frown.
"Eurus is going to house sit," John said and Atlas giggled.
This chapter turned out longer than expected.
"Forever and always." Atlas said quietly.
"No." Atlas replied before she looked at him. "Sammy?"
ATLAS' eyes tracked a blonde haired woman walking around outside her room. Before the woman enquired and approached a nurse. Then, the click of her heels entered the room and Atlas watched with her head turned to one side on her pillow. Her dads looked up to see the woman and Atlas watched Sherlock's face as he went through periods of recognition.
"Okay." Atlas smiled. "Thank you." There was a brief, melodic pause. "You can be heading home if you want papa."
"It's beautiful," Sammy smiled looking at John who couldn't see for tears in his eyes.
"Sam," Rosie squeaked as she slipped in and shut the door. "Take Jeff. He always makes me happy when I'm sad." She shoved him against Sammy's chest and he felt himself warm. The effect was immediate and the boy's breathing slowed, John rubbing the boy's knee under his thumb.
"WEAKNESS." Eurus said as the water began to touch Mycroft's chest, he shuffled Rosie onto his shoulders as she held onto his forehead. Up there, she remained further away from the water. Safer for longer. "Look for a weakness." Eurus repeated after some time, looking an invisible entity on the concrete wall. Sherlock furrowed his brow in a way that would have been adorable had the situation not been life or death. "That guy. Whoever he is. He doesn't want us to die. Think about it. I didn't want you guys to die when I put you in that room, I just wanted to watch the show and watch you wriggle." The most the woman had said in some time, yet a point they all took seriously. "He knows we can figure it out."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"We know it's around two months away, but we just wanted to make sure you were on board. We all need to get away. Together." Timothy explained to there son who grudgingly nodded his head.
"I was going to text you but then Atlas told me not to because you were having such a shit day and it all got out of hand." Sherlock sighed, looking at John. Patiently, the older man waited for Sherlock to continue. "She had a seizure."
"Dad," Atlas whispered. "I don't think I'm going to do anything but sometimes I guess I don't know. I'm sorry for screaming at you and papa, you didn't deserve any of that."
"Well?" Sherlock asked.
"Yeah?" Sammy asked, his head whipping around. His eyes spotting May, Xerxes and Hale who were making their way over to them.
"I don't want to let go yet," Atlas said quietly.
"Please," Atlas said again before she lay back and closed her eyes. Then opened them again and looked at Wanda and Sammy.
"Like...well that." John said pointedly when Sherlock smiled and went back to what he was doing. His eyes looking at John pleadingly.
"Hey, hey, hey." Sherlock said coming into the kitchen, he came to stand by John's side and kissed Rosie's temple. "May I?" He asked taking hold of the picture and Rosie's crying subsided enough for her to nod. He looked at the picture and studied the drawing on the paper. He smiled when his eyes tracked the picture and saw that there was a depiction of a body, drawn in black all outlined in blue. There were yellow squares around the body and Sherlock gave a smile. "She'll love it, sweetheart."
"Just breathe, love," John reassured, a hand on hers. "It's going to be okay."  Atlas gave a whimper as John stroked her cheek. "Just breathe. Breathe with me. In and out. In and out." Atlas coughed before John continued stroking her cheek. "I know it's difficult, but you can do it."
(See the end of the chapter for
The group swerved through crowds to the section about the planet Jupiter and it's many rings and many moons. Unusually nobody in the museum had approached Sherlock for a photo or autograph yet but that didn't mean it wasn't going to happen. They were messing around with these silver balls, putting them down a spiral bowl and watching there movements as they went.
"How bad?" Sammy asked looking at her.
"Eight," Atlas smiled.
However, the things she says about the appendix are real and I gathered the information from this website: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/01/170109162333.htm
Sherlock put his phone down on the arm of the sofa lifting his arm up as Atlas slotted into the space perfectly. "It's alright." Sherlock kept saying as he stroked his thumb over her shoulder. Atlas began to sob slightly as she curled more into Sherlock who seemed to take it. He kissed her head and nuzzled his nose into her hair whilst he held her close.
"Normally," Amy began, flipping through a file. "We would be required to do this in a court, but unfortunately you have ended up in this position. I have gone through all the necessary proceeds and all the things necessary..." She paused. "Dr Aduba, I don't suppose you could find Dr Watson-Holmes. Only I want him here for this bit aswell." Dr Aduba nodded before disappearing.
"Yes," Atlas admitted speaking and signing. "Not all the time but bio oil works wonders. Did good on my scar from when I was shot that one time." She paused. "Sometimes I find myself having to lie on my right side because it hurts or when I catch a train or bus I have to sit on a certain side so I don't hurt myself."
"Yeah." Atlas rasped. "The- the mask." She pointed to the oxygen mask that was just out of reach and Mrs Hudson helped place it on her face. "It does this sometimes."
"Dad." Rosie said quietly and Sherlock pulled out of the hug and squatted to Rosie's height.
"Right, I'm getting them, Sammy, stay until they come in and then come downstairs," Mycroft ordered before disappearing and Atlas becoming more and more shaky, more and more panicky. Everything was coming back, the blood, the smell, the sound, she felt like she was going to throw up. It was all too much. Too much. Too much.
She'd been looking through her suitcase earlier in the afternoon when she found the old, small picture frame in the back pocket. It had gone missing for months upon months, ever since she'd moved back into 221B Baker Street.
"I have Atlas. I'll always have her." John said before nodding and both men went into the doors, the room becoming empty.
"Well, in summer you wear shirts and then in winter you wear them with cardigans which softens your features. Dad should take a leaf out of your book," Atlas smiled, before Sherlock glared at her. "But then, I do like dad's style."
"Everyone died." Rosie said, Sherlock holding her close. "You died dad. You, you died. And you died." Rosie said looking at Atlas. "And you." She said looking at Redbeard. "And papa." Rosie's face screwed up in thought. "Over and over and over and..." She fell into a mess if sobs and tears, her eyes stinging as she looked at Sherlock seriously.
"That sounds like something out of Doctor Who." John smiled as he pulled into a child car parking spot. Helping Rosie out Atlas got a trolley as they entered the shop, and she began pushing it around. Rosie walked along near them, her little feet refusing to step on the joins in the cream coloured tiles.
"Thank you, At," Rosie smiled as she ate some more.
They all sat down and began to eat.
"True." Atlas agreed smiling before she exchanged a smile with Sherlock.
"Probably," Sherlock said. "And food and lots and lots of love."
"A dipcus," Rosie tried again looking up at Atlas with big blue eyes.
"Are we ready to go now?" John smiled as Rosie nodded.
"All over," Atlas whispered to him with tears in her eyes.
"Yeah, I asked dad before. That's all he said. Asked Atlas. That's all she said. And they both said that I had to have the story told by you and no-one else." Rosie said wriggling on the bed then looking back up at her papa.
"Alright."
"You can bring the dog down. His bed is still at the side of the kitchen." Mrs Hudson said before Atlas went down the stairs and sat at Mrs Hudson's kitchen table.
"Your supposed to be able to deduce." John said bitterly, Atlas reeling as she realised it was about time she was served some harsh words from John.
She nodded before jumping off the bed and going to stand by the front door.
"My shoulder dislocated." Atlas said when Sherlock looked at her shoulder. He just nodded in response before she looked over to Mycroft and Eurus. "Is everyone else alright?" She asked as everyone else nodded before Rosie gave out a little cry. Sherlock soothed her before looking back up to John.
"I'm proud too." John said with an ear to ear smile. "I'm so, so very proud of you, Atlas."
"Think I'm going to go back to sleep again." Atlas smiled, before John wriggled closer and wrapped his arms around her again.
Meanwhile, in the other room, Atlas blinked her eyes open post seizure.
Sherlock looked at him wide eyed, realisation flickering across his face.
"Now or later?" Sherlock asked, Atlas taking a moment to think.
THEY remained quiet the rest of their time in Edinburgh. They took Rosie to the Harry Potter shop and showed her the castle and the tearoom where JK Rowling wrote the famed seven parter.
She spat.
DR FIONA HARPER:
"I can." Sherlock smiled, before curling up and opening the book in the dim lit room.
"'Starving,'" Atlas finished with a giggle.
"I'm sorry," Atlas whimpered as she felt her dad's chin resting atop her head.
And no, I don't edit this.
"Holy sh-. You shouldn't scare people." Sherlock said as he looked Atlas annoyed.
"We fly out a week today. I would have told you guys earlier but it was all going so well and Atlas had joined our group and I didn't want to ruin it." Abayomi insisted.
There were voices in the distance and she felt herself finally be able to sit up. In the distance she could see a flicker of yellow light and she held onto that viewpoint as she pulled herself to a standing position. Grabbing a nearby trunk as she nearly fell over, she tried to make her way over to the lights and the shouting and the gunshots and the wails. Trees and their branches provided excellent support as she weaved her way through the dense forest.
"Its alright, dad," Atlas said gently with a grin and he looked at her as she nodded before putting her head back against John.
is." John said with a smile as Atlas nodded with a smile. "It's a squeeze to fit it in the Yeti." John smirked at that, thinking about when they had traded out the Skoda Fabia. The fabia had just become too small for five and a dog and so the change was in order, even if John still bared a grudge over missing his nippy little Fabia.
"Hear that, that's someone who loves you to the moon and back speaking," Sherlock said. "And I love you just as much. We both do and we've got you now."
"I'm going to warn you now," John said. "Atlas isn't having a good night."
"Alright, Ro?" Atlas asked as Rosie nodded and they headed for the park.
"Look at that." Sherlock smiled looking at John before he frowned. "I want to adopt him."
"Please," Atlas said, grimacing a smile before they headed off towards the hill. "That was a flashback, wasn't it?"
"Och, I aye thought it wis you twa," Isla said bustling downstairs. "I heard you laughing as I wis coming doonstairs."
"How's At?" Rosie asked quietly, her bottom lip wobbling in the way that only a young child's can.
"Yeah." John laughed as Sherlock squeezed his other hand, John leaning against his partner's torso.
"Have you got any pain?" Dr Aduba asked.
"We could," John coughed. "Adopt you."
"Dad and papa had some to drink the night before and it was out. When I came in, they thought I had alcohol poisoning because I had alcohol in my system, but then they realised that it wasn't enough to poison me. I hardly touched it Martha. I promise. I hardly touched it. I wouldn't. I just wanted to know what it smelt like."
"Sherlock?" John whispered, head resting against his shoulder. The man let out a whimper. "Shhh shhh. It's okay." He took more harsh breaths. "Breathe, just breathe. I'm here. Breathe." He sobbed as his breathing slowed, John kissing his shoulder. "Its alright." He continued to rub his back, before Sherlock calmed down. "Do you want to talk about it?"
"Papa." Atlas sobbed against him and he just stayed still and held her.
"Yeah. Why not?" John said before Atlas got up. She retrieved herself and Rosie some warm blankets and they lay on top of the duvet. They all told each other stories till around 3:30am before falling asleep one by one. Including Sherlock.
"I like it in here." Sammy said after he's sipped a little bit of his coffee and bitten into a Danish. Atlas was eating a croissant and sipping coffee too when he asked. She'd given him some money to buy his coffee, he'd come without any change.
"Hello," John smiled.
Then John moved away and she was standing. On her own. But the hardest part was to come. Taking one step, she wiggled her toes and brought the other foot to join it.
"Yes," John smiled. "And bought Sammy some, you know what they're like."
"Oh, I know," Mycroft smiled. "But it's part of why we love her."
"But you had to watch all that too...and all the stuff...I'm not...it's not...as...bad...for-for me," Atlas sobbed, John rubbing her shoulder.
to give a damn about her.
"Doctor Aduba?" Atlas asked quietly.
"Who is she?" Atlas asked as she collected a halloumi fry and smiled at Harry.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Jam," She called out and he didn't answer, so thinking he was sleeping she crawled onto his lap. There she said. "Jam...Jammy." She said again before looking up at him. "Jam." She tried again. "Jam," She said knocking his face with her hands only for it to roll forward and hit her forehead. She'd looked taken aback before trying to wake him and then she knew. She knew what death looked like.
"Half an hour?" She asked, what she thought was loudly, but was actually barely a whisper.
"Hello, Uncle Mycroft." Atlas said, pecking a kiss to Mycroft's cheek, before smiling at him. "This is Sammy."
"Yeah, 'cause you know. If your unsure or anything I can as-"
"Sir please step away." The security guard said coming up to them and putting his hand on the chest of the reporter. "Please step back."
"She's a bit drowsy and not making a huge amount of sense at the moment," Dr Khris said.
"John," Sherlock whispered.
"Atlas. It's ok. Listen to me," Eurus squatted down by her knees and held them. "Atlas, sweetheart, listen to me. Your ok."
"I don't see why not," John said. "She'll need a little cheering up. Now you, need sleep. Your a teenager."
"Thanks." Atlas smiled. "For coming. I love my dads but different company is nice."
"Do you know now?" The man asked as he finally reappeared through a hole of concrete that had suddenly appeared.
"That's alright, just try to grab some sleep," Sherlock said, rubbing a hand along her arm. "It'll help."
"She was a mess. I'm not going to explain it now. But it wasn't good." Sherlock sighed before helping Rosie put confetti eyes on a rainbow frosted muffin.
"Not what?" He asked. "Atlas, everything is difficult at the moment. My dad died and now I have to face his homophibic family and it's a lot to deal with."
"Absolutely," Sherlock said with a smile. "They closed the case a few months ago but never found out who murdered them."
"Was it a petit or a grand?" Atlas asked Sammy, looking at him. Her head was thumping and her senses were still on their way to overload.
"She wasn't that much of a rubbish shot."
"They found a tear in her oesophagus." Eurus replied. "She's ok, they've put her under a sedative for the time being."
"Atlas' mother, Mary-Anne -" Sherlock explained.
"One thing that's xanadu?" Mycroft asked.
"Right here."
"Alright, it's shit," Atlas said bluntly.
"Hey, hey, hey," Mycroft soothed, rubbing her knee. "It's not. It's okay. Your dad will be alright. He'll come back."
"It's alright," Harry soothed.
"Take a deep breath," John said to him. "In and out, in and out. Here," John said grabbing the teens hand as he placed it over his own chest. "Feel me breathing."
"They are," Sherlock smiled as a passer by glanced in their direction.
"You got your lunch?" Sherlock asked his daughter who nodded as she put it in her school bag. They had agreed she would take a pack lunch to avoid the very possible over stimulant of the canteen. That and Sammy had said he would be doing the same because he didn't want to go into the canteen and face people. Especially because it had been a while since he'd seen some of them - due to his dad's death.
"No, you can, you can," John said, rubbing her shoulders. "Come on."
Okay. This chapter contains incredibly offensive language. I am so sorry if it upsets you.
"Sherlock." John tried but Sherlock continued to ramble.
"No, don't be sorry sweetheart," Jo said crouching down on the floor just as she began to throw up again. He tucked a piece of hair behind her hair before kissing her forehead.
"This is your daughter, Sherlock." John replied as he removed his hand from atop of Sherlock's and gestured to Atlas. Upon seeing she was far from okay he took her hand in his and held it.
"I know it doesn't, but do you want me to stop saying it?" Sherlock asked with a content little laugh that lit up only the back if his throat. He didn't want to stop saying it. He wanted to provide comfort to her in everyway possible.
"Fine." Atlas responded before placing the books in front of Rosie, who flicked through them eagerly. She stopped on a few before she continued to flick through, eventually coming to a decision on biscoff cupcakes. A while ago Atlas made sure that John and Sherlock picked up the necessary ingredients for baking - on bulk just in case something happens that means they have to stay inside. Bad weather or something like that.
Logging into the computer, he pulled up the notes on his next patient and all the previous appointments. And that's when he sighed. He knew his patient's last name was Walters and was coming in for results from a lukemia test. But it was Sammy's little sister and the results weren't good news.
"Yup," Timothy said before he looked at her with a smile, then he frowned. "Alright?"
"Will the surgery stop the seiz-sei- you know what I mean," Rosie said, clutching Jeff to her chest.
"I'm not strong enough to carry half it's weight." Atlas said, looking at Sherlock guiltily.
unused bus stop?" Atlas laughed before sighing and looking to the ground. "I fell out with one of my dads. Not Sherlock. His partner John. My pa." Sammy's mouth formed an 'o' before looking at her.
Sammy shook his head furiously. "No. That's her...uh..." He coughed and looked up to the ceiling before he let out another shaky breath. Sammy's hand ran over his mouth as he tried to conceal a sob. Immediately, John got to his feet, stood by Sammy's chair and put his arms around the boy's shoulders. He pulled him to his stomach and and put a hand to his cheek, rubbing with his thumb. Sammy let out a quiet sob as John bent to kiss his head.
"Yes," Atlas startled.
"Right." She said looking at the floor. "With him?"
"A few months but me and my husband have known each other for about ten or eleven years now," Sherlock grinned as the woman nodded.
"It was my last night in care." She whispered, John continuing to rub her back. "A week before I came here. The father in my foster home, Mr Peterson, had...had a knife. After some generalised." Atlas swallowed hard, the moments reliving befor her eyes yet again. "Abuse. He held it to my throat as a threat. Eventually, he cast it off to the side and he beat me against the wall. My head must've split or something because before long I could feel stickiness dragging down my neck." She said, silent tears falling from her eyes. She soon began to cry. Not ugly cry, but cry with grief. Grief for what she had lost because of what people did to her. Grief for the deaths she witnessed while with the Peterson's. She was a mess, a broken horrible mess.
and that they should maybe
"As of last night." Sherlock quipped eyeing him up suspiciously.
"Harry Potter," Atlas smiled.
"Because she was in quite a lot of pain," John said quietly as he looked at her face that was silent against the blond boys shoulder.
"About 2-ish but we're going to use two screens so we all fit," Sherlock smiled.
"Ok," Atlas smiled. "And your serious?"
And then the recording stopped.
"I'm not as scared as I was. But I sort of am." Atlas muttered. "I'm scared of a lot of things that I really don't want to admit to if I'm honest. I'm scared of the usual things like going blind and have a slight problem with dolls. But I'm also scared of the future, mainly my future. All these people know what they want to do and who they want to be and I...well I just don't. I know, I know you've both said that I'm smart enough to do what I want but I don't want that. I don't want something that is accumulated through a mass of academic qualifications like you guys. I don't - I don't want that."
"Breathe through it." Mycroft soothed, placing a hand to her knee and suddenly, Atlas wasn't Atlas, but a young Sherlock. All dressed up smartly in a blazer and shirt and it was now Mycroft realised that Atlas was - in so many ways - a carbon copy of her father, right down to the way she dealt with situations. He remembered one time that Sherlock had been at school and come home. The younger brother had headed straight for his room and locked himself away, not even appearing for tea. Mycroft, being the sly person he was, crafted a perfect explanation for why he had to venture into Sherlock's room. On the bed, Sherlock was having a panic attack and for the life of him Mycroft couldn't figure out why. And he felt a bit like that now and related so much and then came to the stifling realsiation that Sherlock's anxiety had never left him. And neither had his depression.
They came back not a moment later, Atlas' back still arched, John still whispering reassurance. "She's just slowing now." John paused. "God I hope she is."
"That was your way of saying, 'please give me a hug because I'm sad but I won't say why, but can I have a hug anyway?'" A brief pause of mild satisfaction. "Wasn't it?" John smiled as Atlas nodded against him. "What's up then?" He rested two arms around her waist and pulled her to him.
"It would be an honour." Mycroft smiled as he sat in a chair by the bedside. He opened "Midnight's Children" by Salman Rushdie and began.
"And?"
And then "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" began to play and Atlas found herself taken right back to the coffin. Unable to breathe, unable to be heard, unable to bear the pain running through her shoulder. Sitting bolt upright, her pulse elevated and her breathing unsteady she sat forward. John stopped the music and leaned forward before forcing her head down between her knees.
"Yup," Sherlock said. "Right, John, take these two off and find somewhere to eat so then me and Atlas can have a violin lesson."
"Right, you lot," John said as they came down the stairs, Sammy signing to Xerxes. "Thanks Sam, looks like we're being joined by Jo, Harry, Eurus, Mycroft, Grandad and Grandma for tea tonight."
And then the convulsions started up again and he had to tear his eyes away from her a moment.
"Do they know what you were poisoned with?" Mrs Hudson asked quietly.
"Thank you," John said before going into the living room. "Who's crying?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, look at her," Aunt Isla crooned. "John," She said looking at him. "She's beautiful." There was a pause. "And he's beautiful."
"Because, hell, I don't know Atlas," Wanda said frustratedly, looking at her. "I don't know."
"Yeah, that would fit." Sammy smiled, before Atlas returned one. "What if we put a melody in that bit too?"
"Thank you, Ro," Atlas said quietly and then she pulled away and looked at her. "Promise you won't say it again?"
"Uhh...Which one?" Lestrade asked thoroughly confused by the question the smart girl had asked.
"No," She whispered. "I just...I don't like it much when strangers touch me...I've never mentioned it before but yeah..."
"I love you," She mumbled, falling back asleep.
"Just so you know. I would never and I will never leave you behind." Sherlock said kissing her hair and resting his cheek on top of her head.
"It's my first chance at a christmas you know." Atlas paused.
"You wouldn't understand."
"Speaking of our oldest, wise, daughter...How's she been?" Sherlock asked after he had regained his composure.
And then Atlas and Rosie ran forwards, the frost crunching harshly under feet. The dog ran with them, their hair blowing across their faces in the wind. Rosie giggled as they came to a stop by the bench next to the stream. The dog jumped down onto the bank, Atlas following in suit. Atlas lifted Rosie down onto the pebbles next to her.
"Bed, John?" Sherlock asked gently before he spotted the mugs of tea. "May we take these upstairs with us? We've had quite a long day."
"You know, John, your a pretty cool little brother." Harry said coming into the kitchen as she moved to stand behind her mother.
Sherlock nodded before looking over to where Atlas had fallen asleep.
you Sherlock." John smiled down at him, stroking through his hair.
"I don't follow." John said into Sherlock's neck, breathing in his scent. Basking in his warmth.
"I'll answer it," She said stubbornly, her feet carrying her to the door. Whoever it was must be soaked by now and desperate at the same time.
"Atlas, sweetheart," Sherlock said as he wrapped an arm around her back in comfort. "What does my beautiful, wonderful, clever little girl require of her amazing, brilliant incredible father?"
"Sherlock." John said gently from the window where he was looking down onto the streets below.
"Group hug," Atlas smiled at him before he joined them, leaning over.
"You alright?" Sherlock asked gently, a reassuring hand placed to her back in comfort. She nodded quietly before looking up at him. "Sofa or bedroom?" Sherlock asked, Atlas looking at him before walking away and sitting on the sofa. She stared into the distance as she rested her temple against her fist, elbow flush with arm of sofa.
"I just needed you, I don't want to be sat there crying when she comes to," Sammy whispered as Sherlock rubbed his back.
"Atlas, don't interrogate," John warned before Atlas shot an apologetic smile.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
and...uh...social..." He waved his arms and hands around in the air. "Situations." He stopped. "Your getting mad, aren't you?" Sherlock finally looked up and saw that the older man had tears in his eyes. "No, what did I do? Sorry, you - you," Sherlock pulled the ring off his finger. "Can have it back? John, I don't..." But when John's hand touched his cheek, Sherlock stopped speaking and looked at John. "I'm sorry."
Pause. "And your mother never missed a thing. And she knew that Sherlock dying would hurt me more. And I suppose and I hate to say it...but she was right."
"Something simple I feel. Let's make ginger and chocolate chip cookies." Mycroft said once he had opened his recipe to an appropriate page and the pair got to work.
"A little bit," Wanda smiled. "You make sure my granddaughter gets some sleep." John dusted some flour of himself. "And I forgot to say, Sam?"
"Its nice you know," Atlas said. "You guys...getting along. It makes me happy."
"I'll get you a bucket to put by your bed okay?" Sherlock said before disappearing and then she turned to John with glossy eyes.
"But you know what would make it all easier..." He mumbled inaudibly.
"I forgot...I was so caught up worrying about me that I completely forgot that we were supposed to be at family court this week." Atlas sobbed before dry heaving and continuing to cry. "I want my dad's."
"A twiangle!" Rosie screeched holding it aloft. Her eyes bright and Sherlock smiling.
"I don't know because it's not something an average sixteen year old would do." John said exasperated, concern flooding the lines of his face. "Ever."
"I didn't," Sherlock whispered.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Atlas," Sherlock interjected. "Stop, it's okay. It's not under your control, none of this is under your control. It's alright."
"Thank god," Sammy cried, holding his face in his hands.
"What are we doing today?" Rosie asked, her eyes going around everyone in turn. Her light brown hair hinting blonde as it curled itself into ringlets that resembled what Mary used to have. Her bright blue eyes scanned everyone in turn. Sometimes she looked like how Atlas imagined Mary may have looked like. Any photos of the woman had been put away. John loved her but Atlas knew there was more to it, she just couldn't figure out what. As if she had done something, betrayed them.
"Aunty Isla," John said gently. "This is my husband, Sherlock and my daughter, Rosie."
"Oh papa," Atlas smiled. "Have you ever had to say something to me after an absence seizure before?" John's mouth opened to speak before closing. "No...because just having you there is enough for me. Its all I need. And besides, your there for all the other bits, Eddie was great but he was never you. Not you. Could never be you."
"She had a heart attack," John said as he leaned against Sherlock. "Christ, it's weird to say those words aloud in referral to a sixteen year old girl." Sherlock mumbled something in agreement. He watched as her chest rose and fell slowly and Sherlock looked like he was going to cry.
"So, we could head to the library?" Sammy said, polishing off the mocha he had ordered. Just then, Atlas' phone pinged and she pulled it out of her pocket.
"Uh...Sorry. Sherlock and John aren't here." Atlas said putting a hand to her face before removing it.
"I've got you, Ida, your alright," Mycroft said. "I'll make sure everything is alright."
"Never let me be a vegetable but most importantly, never let me be alone."
"I love you too," John smiled before planting a hand into Sherlock's hair and rubbing.
"Oh, this is a nice bathroom." John said as he looked inside of it and ran his hands over the light blue walls. He came out and looked at Sherlock.
"Good," Sherlock smiled before Sammy walked to the dresser with a frown. "Most your stuff is with us already."
"Yes." Rosie replied before she looked up at Mycroft. "My! My! My!"
"No," Atlas said. "Not me..." She steeled herself. "I remember the lodge and your headaches that you told no-one about and now...your face. So I ask again Uncle Mycroft, is it cancer?"
"At?" Rosie asked, standing by Atlas' knee. They'd been playing a game of guessing, just casual. Harry was giving clues and Rosie was trying to guess the answers, everyone else just watching on.
"I'm here, love," John whispered back before Mrs Hudson nodded and John and took her leave.
ATLAS and Rosie had already seen to putting their stockings by the feet of their beds. Rosie was awake and she knew she shouldn't be. Slowly she creeped out of her bed and nudged Atlas who was sleeping on a mattress on the floor.
"So what happened last night?" Mycroft asked, coming over.
"It means..." Atlas said walking over to Mycroft. "That if Sherlock was going to go missing, he would have done so by now. And I'm assuming, that he didn't register with the phone number that Mycroft no doubt set up."
"I can ask Mycroft or offer our service for free to someone in the leading department." Sherlock said wriggling for warmth under the blanket before attaching to John like a leech in water.
They got off and Sherlock walked around a little, Atlas following on as he went round a corner and down a little, quiet street. Houses of miscellaneous decor, building dates, structures lined the street, each one with a large front garden and clear space round the back that was sizable too. Up ahead of her, her dad came to a stop and looked at her with the crinkle brow she found more than
"What were you doing before she pinned you?" John asked, trying to identify a motive for Atlas to turn like that. Sure, a Holmes could appear hot headed but it was because their brains worked so fast that by the time the rest of the room have caught on the culprit is being wrestled into handcuffs.
"She was trafficked." Atlas finally announced after some time, something hitting her hard in the chest as she looked up at John who rubbed a hand over his face.
"Good, cause I don't think I could handle another parental figure dying. Especially not you. Especially not when you help make up the best set of parents I've ever had." Atlas said hugging him close.
"Shouldn't you two be inside?" John scolded as he walked over with two cups of takeaway coffee in his hands.
"Sam?" Sherlock said suddenly, demeanour changing but the kid just continued his sobs with his arms clamped around the man's shoulders. "Hey, hey, it's okay. Hey. Love, I've got you. I'm here."
"Grandma and grandad?" Atlas asked quietly.
"Would you like a tour?" John smiled.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Atlas kept repeating.
"It's not real," John comforted before Atlas lost all grips on what was and was not just that: real.
"Atlas?" Sherlock asked as he approached carefully. "Are you-" Only stopping himself as her form began to fall off the table. "Woah." He caught her, lying her down on the floor just in time as she began to convulse violently, eyes rolling into the back of her head. "Okay, okay." Sherlock knew what to do as he arranged her into the recovery position and loosened off her shirt buttons that were done all the way up.
"Okay, I'm here. I'm always going to be here for you," John smiled. "I love you."
love you." Eurus smiled before she looked up and met eyes with Atlas who had come back up the set of stairs. She was shuffling foot to foot.
"Fine." John said before both men got up and went up the stairs to the bedroom. Atlas was peacefully sleeping and had been for the last two hours.
"ATLAS!?" John called out into the house, frowning when he didn't hear her reply. He remembered the last time. And getting slightly worked up, he made his way up the stairs. "Sweetheart?"
"Papa's up aswell," Sherlock moaned. "I'm ready to go, slept well last night but papa..."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Sorry." Atlas snorted before John shook his head with a smirk.
"Mmhmm." Sherlock said as Atlas shifted to rest her legs over his, her ear against his heart.
"I brought a plus one, if that's alright?" Eddie smiled, another, older man appearing by his shoulder.
"Nice to meet you." Atlas smiled before looking to Sammy who looked at her briefly.
It's shite. Don't even pretend.
"He's just nipped to the toilet, sweetheart," John said from the kitchen where he was making dough ready for pizza bases with his aunt and mother.
Meanwhile, Sherlock was stood on his phone when the dog began to pull at the lead. Aggressively, as if wanting to go after something. Phone in pocket and looking up all he saw was Atlas standing by the grave.
DR FIONA HARPER:
"No problem, love," John smiled as Sherlock gave a little grin.
"I heard you were trying to get a hold of me. What's Sherlock done now?" Lestrade asked urgently as Atlas looked at him as if to say calm down.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"I can stop if you want."
"I particularly like Ida, but Atlas is more unusual." Atlas explained to her uncle as she put her hands in the batter ready to make the cookies.
"We let her come to us."
Mycroft looked at John and nodded once. "I think me and Eurus will be going. It was nice to pop in. Tell us if anything changes." And they were gone, just as quick as they arrived. Sherlock's back still faced John's. John walked forward, slung his arm around Sherlock's waist and pulled him in.
"You can. You can." John persuaded as she shakily attempted to breathe, only to enter a coughing fit. "That' it. Slow it down." John moved to his knees and wrapped an arm around to place on her back as she shook. "It's okay."
"It takes special people." Sherlock smiled at her. "Okay?" She nodded before wrapping her arms round her neck. Sherlock was more than confused over what the conversation had been about. As he'd read however, it was not uncommon for conversations with children to appear to have no meaning. "Now, shall we see if our pizza bases have risen enough?"
"Because we'd finished for the day and you've been out a while," Sherlock smiled, rubbing the hand she gave him under his thumb.
"I'm gay."
"Shall we go and see if Sherlock and your dad are awake yet?" Atlas asked, Rosie nodded and she escorted her out of the bedroom. Instead of going to the bedroom, Rosie led her down the stairs. Atlas knew that if either of them would be up they'd be downstairs.
And John was so confused. He wanted to cry and scream and shout at his father for every single thing he'd done and part of him wished he hadn't killed himself so that he could have faced the abuse charges that were bound to be coming his way. But he didn't want that. He didn't want his dad to be dead. There was something wrong when that happened, he died too early.
"I am excited you know," Atlas said after some time of walking. "To go to Scotland. And strangely, I'm excited to meet your family."
"We know," John said as he rubbed her shoulder, the rest of the family pulling on their walking boots. "But you work too hard and stress too much and the fresh air will do you good." John smirked prodding at her to walk forward to the door. "Rosie, have you got Jeff?"
"You'll be alright," Atlas was muttering, her hands becoming covered in blood. "You'll be okay." Kirsty's mouth filled with blood and Atlas felt sick and all she could smell was blood. "Hey, hey, stay with me." Redbeard came over and lay down next to her body and Atlas reached over a hand. Kirsty coughed, red blood covering Atlas's front.
"I don't even know what I'm doing with them," Sammy whispered against Sherlock.
"Sherlock's family call them the twins," John laughed as he looked down at them.
"I want her back." Sherlock said. "I'm really scared, John."
Wanda's mouth opened to say something, but she shut it again. There was a pause whilst the older woman gathered the needed courage to speak.
"He doesn't." Atlas whispered quietly, the spectacle becoming quite entertaining. Her new found friend and Sammy sighing in tandem as they looked at her.
"Yeah, but it's not cool," Sammy said with a frown.
"I'm not." Atlas replied as she admitted what she had been thinking. "I'm really..." Deep breath in. "Really not." Sherlock drew her into his arms and held her close. Tears fell down her face as she was held by the man she was proud to call her father.
"This'll be fun." Abayomi hissed from the back, somewhat excitedly. Atlas giving her a small nudge. "What?"
ATLAS WATSON-HOLMES:
"Just Atlas?" Lestrade asked.
"Right, my dear Watson-" Sherlock began.
"No, let me go. I'm not your sister." Atlas said, trying to pry the young childs fingers off of her.
"Go on then," Mrs Hudson grinned.
"He is that." Mycroft smiled with a grin before it fell and he regained his composure.
"We'll make the arrest. How should I pay you?" He asked, before Atlas gave him a sideways look.
"You good there Atlas?" John asked as she looked up at him with blue eyes. She nodded before swinging the blanket off her because she was too warm. Nevertheless, she snuggled into one of her father figures all the more, hugging his middle somewhat awkwardly. He stroked her hair gently as Sherlock disappeared into the bedroom, giggles elevating from Rosie.
"You need to make it up to him," Atlas whispered against him.
After the meal, they headed for the park, despite Mycroft's endless grumbling - which eventually subsided when he saw how happy Rosie was to run off some steam. Laughter filled the air as Sherlock helped Rosie up onto a large spider, climbing up a little.
"Are you alright Atlas?" John asked kindly, placing a hand on her shoulder as she nodded her head. Sure she was nervous but part of her needed to see why she was left so young. She already understood Sherlock's motive's but she needed to know what her mother's was.
"Da-Dad." Atlas croaked again. "Dads."
"Not monopoly or cluedo?"
"I'm gonna go too," Sherlock smiled before Atlas smiled and lay down.
He reappeared about a minute later, accompanied by a pencil case full of highlighters and pens.
Atlas heaved again, weakness overcoming her body.
"Enlighten us?" Sherlock chuckled.
"Both papa and dad know how to and so does Sam but we're going to show Mycroft and my other grandparents and probably Greg and Molly and Hudders. They tend to be the ones to look after us all," Atlas smiled before looking up at her dad with a smile before she looked a little spaced.
"I do too," Sammy signed aswell. "I love her so much it makes my heart ache and I love our parents."
"I'm sorry for your loss." Sherlock said quickly, Leanne looking up at him sharply.
Rosie only continued to cry and John moved to collect Jeff and give him to her. "You start school soon." John said, bouncing against her front but that only made her cry harder.
And then, she'd woken in the middle of the night, another nightmare. And she'd gone to the bathroom, where she'd had a head drop seizure which jerked through her limbs and she sent the picture frame flying. Even the thin wood lining the glass had split.
"You can read them, look at them if you want." She smiled. "Dad hasn't seen them, I know they will break him. He'll berate himself and blame himself. And then he'll go all robot on us." She chuckled, John doing something similar as he took the book and opened it. Carefully, he opened the book glancing over a few dated early before coming to the more modern ones.
"She is problematic." Sherlock explained, backing his partner up.
"Alright?" John asked as Atlas came over and she nodded.
Atlas' head stuttered a nod as she got to her feet and made her way to the bathroom, collecting towels from the airing cupboard. Hopping in the shower she felt the need to cry and so, under the loud combined hum of the shower and the extractor fan, she did. Where no-one could hear, no-one could see and no-one would be able to tell.
"When you had to let me go," Atlas smiled before she clicked open her case and picked up her violin, holding it to her chest. "Could you tune for me?"
"I already knew that," Atlas smiled before she watched her grandfather sat down next to Wanda. "Oh, hello, grandad!" She exclaimed, beaming from ear to ear.
"Okay..." Atlas said warily as Sammy pulled her out of her thoughts about how on earth they had actually managed to fit all four of them into a five door, 1 litre car that was tiny.
Atlas didn't know why but she found herself crawling towards her body and applying pressure to the wound.
"I do," Sherlock smiled. "This is like how it used to be, before everything changed. Before it all went bad."
He did anyway and stopped just in the door.
"We both knew that. Atlas, knows that." Sherlock said looking over to her.
"I need you," Atlas whispered against him.
He was in history and he took the call in the hallway.
"Papa, I'll drive," Sammy said, pulling on his shoes.
"Yes. We want you to recover at home." Dr Aduba smiled. "Also, Dr and Mr Watson-Holmes, we would like you to acknowledge that it is in Atlas' interest that their be one other person in the house at all times and that they visit her at regular intervals."
"Finally, I know he has one because he asked me to get his credit card out the other day when we went to the shops because his hands were full, so detective dad, I saw he had a Costco card." Atlas laughed as they made their way over to the toiletries and other items. She put a big pack of toilet roll in, along with a big pack of kitchen roll and hand soap. At the same time Sherlock got excited by chemical gloves and picked up five boxes, of which Atlas picked took three boxes back and changed one for a size 8 glove instead of Sherlock's size 10. Then, they moved to the other side of the shop where they sell their mechanical stuff aswell. Sherlock picked up an abundance of masks and tornado work gloves to add to their lab. They picked up a few more items before they finished, paid and went out to the land rover. Atlas helped load it up before she hopped in and waited for her dad to get back.
