“Dean, I don’t understand the point of this,” Cas grumbled, after Dean hit him square in the back with another snowball.
“Woo!” Castiel heard Lisa’s sharp cry, the girl waving excitedly from the first row.
Dean stomped down to the basement, which was swamped with stuff from their old life, ignoring Cas as he trailed behind him. Admittedly, most of it had been in storage for a while anyway. After his mom died, John couldn’t afford to keep their house anyway, and most of it wound up in boxes as they drifted from apartment to apartment to motels. Though Naomi was a grade A bitch, Dean could admit he liked having a house again.
“You’ve already been discussing it?” Dean said, though he knew his tone was too harsh when Cas glared.
Dean felt himself start to stiffen, imagining Meg pawing at Cas through his jeans, the other boy too shy to touch Meg properly. No, no, what if Cas was secretly a badass? And he just, shit, he took what he wanted. No, no, he’d be shy, Meg would have to do all the work.
“I’m so sorry Cas. I’m sorry. You deserve better. I’m sorry,” Dean sobbed. Shit, he was going to regret this in the morning. Shit. Shit.
"Kevin was thinking about practicing terrace farming along these hills," Cas spoke softly, tentatively touching the thick silence which had fallen between them.
“You two are grounded. Three months. Come home straight afterschool for special chores,” Naomi said.
Dean glanced to the right once more, and suddenly noticed the tears making clean streaks down Castiel's dirty face.
“Who did you sell the dish to?” Cas asked his mother quietly.
Cas thought about complaining, but Dean’s heat was already warming him up, so Cas turned his back and tried to find sleep.
Dean worked a third strong finger in slowly, searching. Cas whined as he felt Dean’s fingers working against his walls.
“He was surrounded Cas,” Claire murmured, looking down at the ground.
The bike was new to Castiel. Naomi had never permitted such recreational activities before, but the Winchesters had an extra one lying around, and John had made the case that vigorous exercise helped clear the mind for prayer, which Naomi liked. John had given him one rudimentary lesson, and called it a day, and so now Castiel was struggling up a hill, trying to catch up to Dean who was quickly fading into the distance. Castiel put his head down and road, and all in all only crashed four times before he made it the few miles down the road to the church yard. When he finally pulled up, chest heaving, he didn’t have to look hard for the Novak-Winchester clan, as every head was turned in their direction.
It was a few moments after getting off the phone that Mary announced she was leaving. The boys met her in the entryway and said their goodbyes while Castiel shuffled awkwardly on his feet not knowing what to do or say. Ending his mild suffering, Mary walked over to him and greeted him with another smile.
Again, grinning life a doof Dean shut off the car and walked into the house. His heart surged with warmth when he heard Sammy’s high-pitched squeals coming from the living room. Following the sound, Dean peered around the corner to see a room of mass chaos, pillows and blankets and chairs strewn across the room in what Dean could only imagine was Sam’s rendition of a fort. He could see Cas’s long legs peeking out from a sheet that looked to be attached to the back of their turned-around couch, and some dining room chairs. He could faintly see Sam’s little body curled up on the floor right next to Cas through a break in the strung up sheets.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine! I’ll keep you.”
He scooted over a little more, hoping that the space between them would suffice more to Dean’s liking.
"You do?"
He wanted to trust Dean’s affection for him but without actually hearing it from Dean himself Castiel found it really difficult. The uncertainty left him spiraling with questions:
Dean pulled pack reluctantly but smiled. “Definitely.”
Jo arrived and quickly hugged Cas before jumping into conversation with Charlie and company. Others were there too like Garth and his wife Bess, socializing away, but Cas’s heart just wasn’t really in it. He was impatiently waiting for his husband to be by his side so that he could deflect any unwanted attention away to Dean.
“Someone’s at the door.” Dean said, in way of explaining why the game was paused and why he was staring at Castiel.
“Get in the car. We’re going home,” he demanded. He reached to grab Cas’s hand but the other man evaded him, pulling his arms tight around his body.
I miss you
You’re coming to breakfast with me whether you want to or not. I’ll be at Benny’s in 5.
“Okay,” Cas said, his breathing already starting to come out faster.
Fuck you.
“I don’t know what you want me to say. We agreed that if either one of us said we should stop, we would stop, no questions asked.”
“That’s good.” He was thankful Cas seemed very keen to keep Dean comfortable and not ask for more than he was willing to give.
Cas was grateful for the silence and even more grateful that Dean didn’t question why he stayed in his room for the majority of the day. At least he was able to use a hangover as an excuse if Dean did try and ask.
“Why not at first?”
Maybe it wasn’t right of him to think of this as a way to keep Cas from zapping off ever again. Maybe it wasn’t fair that Dean was practically dumping a lifetime with him on Cas’s lap but what other choice did they have?
“Cas? Where’s this coming from?”
Not knowing what else to say, Cas took a selfie on him with the bee and sent it to his friend.
When his father looked at him, immediately Chuck’s features softened. He was still angry but Castiel knew immediately that none of the anger was directed at him. “Castiel, buddy, could you go inside please? Your mother and I need to have a talk.”
Dean’s mom smiled radiantly down at the other boy. “I’m so glad, honey.”
“Well enough of that.” She snapped impatiently. “Go pack your belongings; you’re coming home with me.”
“Dean, Dean, wake up!” Dean’s eyes flung open, looking around wildly for the cause of his frantic wake up.
For what it was, Dean didn’t seem to be particularly upset. “It’s cool. Don’t stress.”
“Oh, so sitting at home with Cas watching Desperate Housewives is better?”
He obviously knew no practical skills in this regard but had watched enough porn to know than licking, sucking, and bobbing were all techniques that seemed to be highly encouraged in giving head. So, Castiel went with his best instinct, licking around the girth in his mouth as he moved his head shallowly up and down—his hand still moving in tandem at the base of Dean’s shaft.
to stir up some sort of guilt or discontent inside him, but instead he found the prospect of his mother’s absence a great relief. “Goodbye, Mother. Have a safe journey home.”
“You really don’t care about him do you?” She spat. “You’re killing him by doing this. I’m already draining all his life, all that’s left of it.”
“Oh. That would be nice. Thank you, Castiel.”
Somehow, his best friend made him feel desired as he was, even if Cas didn’t feel anything towards him romantically.
Cas didn’t try and hide his upset, and Dean knew it. They’d been together going on two years at that point and Cas had thought their relationship had stopped being an issue months ago. It’s not that Cas couldn’t see where Dean was coming from, he’d just gotten use to not having to hold himself back if he ever wanted to just touch his boyfriend in a public setting.
“Thank you. So much.”
Dean spared a glance to his brother who, unsurprisingly, seemed to have a lightbulb go off. Choosing not to interrupt, Dean turned back to Gabe and continued listening.
Dean was the
“Dean—“
“Have you... been to a sex store?”
As always, once everyone else had been fed, Dean sat down with his own place and dug into his food. He was still chewing happily when Sam strolled in from his morning jog. The taller Winchester pulled out his ear buds as he made a beeline towards the stack of extra pancakes on the counter.
“Fourteen years.” He murmured with a smile.
“Just one?”
Pizza
That look didn’t leave his face as Gabriel continued talking. “Did you simply just forget how every single year he’s taken us school shopping and never once told us no to something we wanted? No matter how much he does for us or gives to us, when we even mention him to mom he’s an
“Video games?” Castiel suggested, hoping it was the preferable choice.
Dean moved through the house knowing his husband was probably outback on their patio as he usually was at the end of each day. He stopped in the kitchen noticing the pot of chili simmering on the stove and the two empty bowls and clean spoons waiting on the counter for use. Quickly Dean dished out some food into the bowls and topped it with some cheese before bringing it out the back door to his awaiting lover.
“It’s uh. It’s a hypothetical one because I was watching this uh—I was watching a movie where a kid he uh he told something to his parents and they didn’t react so well so it made me wonder if that kid was me how you and dad would react and I was just uh wondering.”
“Damn.” Dean huffed out in joking anger causing both of them to laugh. It’d hardly been two hours and Dean was already feeling lighter, just from having his friend with him. He couldn’t stop smiling as he looked over at Cas. “I feel like we haven’t been alone together in weeks.”
) forties, Castiel still had never gotten the hang of talking on the phone strangers. And now two times in one day? He fumbled over his words a little and remembered, quite clearly, why Dean always handled these things.
“You know I love you.” Dean’s eyes challenged Castiel to question him, yet he still did not move towards him.
Castiel was an angel, actual pure light in this life. Giving, nurturing, loving, protective, beautiful—everything Dean could have only ever dreamed for himself. He was in awe of the man he got to love every day for the rest of his life. His gorgeous man, too, had done so well for himself. He’d really flourished in the time after he’d learned he could permanently live with his father as if he’d been too afraid to be uprooted to truly put down his roots. Once he’d known his newfound comforts wouldn’t be taken away, Castiel had been brave enough to branch out. He’d joined the art club and took art classes at the community college as well. He started volunteering at the soup kitchen every weekend, filling Dean and his family with a desire to pay if forward as well. Cas worked hard and dedicated himself to all the hobbies he loved. He became an art teacher at the elementary school and sold his pressed flowers and other crafts online.
Until it’s not.
to wash later. He’d even, on a not so amazing day, came home to find his laptop in complete shambles because she’d taken it upon herself to give him a little update.
Castiel nodded thoughtfully. “I think I understand now.”
known something like that could feel so fucking good. He wanted a repeat of that performance pronto. His mind was complete mush.
Castiel went willingly, resting his head on Dean chest and slinging his arm across his friend’s waist. He even felt bold enough to shift one of his legs over Dean’s, sinking into the other man’s embrace. It was indulgent and selfish but he relished in the moment, because Dean didn’t push him away and damnit it felt good. It felt right.
As for Castiel, well, Dean was a little worried.
Dean woke up hyperventilating, tears streaming down his face. Without thinking, he jumped out of bed and crossed to where Cas lay sleeping, kneeling by the bed and shaking him awake
“You’re plenty smart. I didn’t get this math at all until you started helping me,” Lisa said.
“Oh shit, I almost forgot,” Dean said, reaching into the backseat, pulling out two wool blankets.
The rest of the day passed largely without event. If the news that Castiel and Dean now shared parents had any effect, Castiel certainly didn’t feel it. But he did notice a few heads turn when they both got into John’s van that afternoon.
It was a hot day in July, and Dean tried to keep his hips still, but Cas’s hot mouth was around him, clumsy hands working what his mouth couldn’t cover. Dean gasped, clutching at the straw, looking at the rafters, anything but his cock disappearing into Cas’s wet mouth. Cas pulled off, suckling at the swollen head, before popping off.
“Keep going,” Dean urged, and Cas swept his hand up and down his length, still palming through his underwear, before freeing the leaking cockhead to the chill air.
Dean escaped nearly unnoticed from his own party. He could vaguely hear the music wafting over the buildings, as he arrived at Castiel’s darkened cabin at the edge of camp. He had seen the teen slip in, but at the darkened edifice he felt at a loss. He settled for knocking.
Dean dared to sneak a glance at Cas, who had his head bent like he was already a martyr in a stained glass window.
Everything was going fine! No one was treating Dean differently at all. Well, no one except Lisa. She sidled up to him at lunch like she just happened to want to sit with the entire boy’s soccer team, and she totally held her own. Plus she laughed at all of Dean’s jokes so now he seemed funnier. She even walked with him to Bio, even though she was in Chem because she was a year ahead in science. Wait, maybe Dean should be the one walking her to chemistry? Wasn’t it kind of a chick thing to be the one being walked?
Dean snapped his head up, glancing at Cas, before looking back at John.
“Mother owns the house outright. I doubt Gabe would stake a claim against it, and so I guess I’d stay here, or sell it,” Cas sighed, chopping down pixelated trees, “Unless she plans on leaving the house to your father. I couldn’t tell you what she’s planning.”
“I need ten able guns, we’re going on a rescue,” Dean called.
“Think fast,” John said, tossing something that Dean caught without thinking.
“C’mon man, she thinks I’m an asshole,” Dean whined as they trudged out into the snow.
One word, ‘Croatoan’, heralded what was now commonly thought to be the end of days. Croats, fast, strong, and bloodthirsty zombies now shambled across the Earth, picking off humans with ease.
“It’s not every day you can point out a super villain, Ellen,” Ash tosses back, but quiets under Ellen’s gaze.
“No, we are not wasting our bake sale money on trying to make an EMF sensor, this isn’t Stranger Things, Ed!” Charlie snapped, before looking up at Cas.
Cas worried his lip, probably weighing his options on ratting Dean out to his awful mother. Dean crossed his fingers as he waited for Cas to respond.
Dean loved visiting Cas at the Gas N’ Sip, and made sure to take all his lunch breaks there, even though them both working cut down on their barn time even more. Cas looked so cute in his little vest, and he liked earning money, though Naomi deposited all of Cas’s checks into an account that she could monitor.
“It’s not that I don’t want you Cas,” Dean said in between laying bites on Cas’s thighs.
Cas nodded slowly, focusing on his food.
“Jesus Meg, why are you such a little burnout creep?” Lisa appeared at Dean’s shoulder like magic.
Cas nodded, and bit his lip, “I’m sorry, Dean, about what he put you through. I’m sorry it’s made you so scared. You are the bravest, and most beautiful person I know. And I know you don’t want to hear that from me or anyone, but that’s the truth.”
Cas felt his face heat as his mind wandered to last night, the first and last time he would make the mistake of barging into Charlie’s room. He felt relief when Claire, fully clothed this time, answered the door.
“Either I come with you, or I tell my mother about your plans,” Cas said, eyes down.
By the time the kid finished, his story, tears had begun to well in his eyes.
“Yes sir.”
Finding Charlie took much longer, with greater embarrassment.
John coughed pointedly.
Just like the day before, Dean took one side, and Cas took the other.
“Would you rather swipe Naomi’s credit card?” Dean asked.
“I got almost 11K, and there’s no way I’m letting John anywhere fuckin near it,” Dean sighed, “You weren’t there Cas, nothing we had was safe from him. I’m pretty sure Bobby is paying me extra, though I’m not gonna call him out on it.”
“Do you know what happens to bad children, Castiel?” Naomi asked.
Dean felt his heart break.
When Naomi got home, Cas threw himself into her care. She was too weak to dismiss him, too weak to order him about, so Cas became her shadow, anticipating her needs. He read the bible by her side for hours, until his throat ached, until the words disappeared he was in a trance where he could no longer think about Dean. At night, they slept with their backs to each other, all banter gone. Dean looked at him like he would look at a stranger. Cas wanted to disappear.
“Did Dad set up shelter somewhere? Is he meeting us?”
Naomi declared that Cas could get a job, so long as it didn’t interfere with volunteering at the clinic. Dean pushed Cas to interview at the gas station near Bobby’s, that way they could ride together.
“What about Cas? And college?” Sam asked.
Charlie had begun talking to him about a little over a month prior. Castiel had been perfectly content studying alone at lunch, but one day Charlie had plopped down next to him. She didn’t try to engage him in conversation first, and he’d been perfectly happy to share the table. It was wasteful to have the whole table to himself, and he hoped he wasn’t hoarding it accidentally. And then she started talking to him. All the time. He wasn’t quite sure what she wanted from him, and mostly she left him to his reading, and to hers, though she offered to let him read her Sailor Moon books. Castiel had told her that his mother didn’t let him enjoy occult materials, and she laughed at him, but it didn’t feel mean.  It took Castiel a while before he realized that she wanted to befriend him. In fact, he didn’t notice until another boy, Kevin, joined their table and Charlie had introduced them.
Dean heard Cas chuckle at that, and soon he was being pulled back onto bed, Cas covering his face with soft yet lingering kisses.
He immediately dismissed his second impulse, which was to bypass Claire’s tent entirely and head to
Dean stopped mid step.
“And what about me?” Dean griped.
“Do you have to be so, dumb?” Dean shot back, but Cas was already stalking away, probably to where John was waiting in the traffic circle.
“Are you Cas’s girlfriend,” Sam asked, mouth full of brussel sprouts.
“Then, then, I'll just bring Claire with us,” Dean shoved his hands in his pockets.
Cas groaned, “I’m yours, Dean, only yours.”
“What, you think I can’t get into any other schools?” Dean said bitterly.
He heard his sister shout, “Go get help Castiel, I’ll be fine. Go find help.”
Castiel jumped eagerly back onto his own mattress, and quietly snuffed out the candle.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel said, and Dean knew he meant it.
Dean had hardened himself long ago, maybe even before Croat-Ville, but Castiel’s plea could have melted stone.
The afternoon slipped through their fingers.
“I’m not trying to be funny. I wouldn’t put it past her to write me out of her will,” Gabe said, “Hey, she been treating you right?”
“We, uh, found, something.”
“What club are you tryna join anyway?”
Castiel’s body ran cold. Masters. Castiel studied the face of the man before them, though he couldn’t see any resemblance between him and Meg. He felt guilty-- he hadn’t called the girl over break either, and she hadn’t been to school in a week. This was probably what she wanted to discuss with him, if she knew that his mother was in the rehabilitation service. While Naomi did her spiel, Castiel eyed the scabs across Luke Masters’ knuckles, and hoped he didn’t use them on his daughter.
“Cas, buddy, slow down,” Dean grabbed his shoulder, “I know the church says one thing, but you really hurt Charlie’s feelings. Just, say you’re sorry.”
“I’m going to join the accounting program,” Cas said, carefully mixing paint.
“Whoa there son, I’ll take care of those,” Charlie’s Dad clapped hand on Castiel’s shoulder, and the dropped dishes rattled in the linoleum sink.
Castiel wasn’t sure how much John’s words impacted his mother, frankly he had no idea what she saw in him. At first he thought his mother’s interest was pure altruism. But soon the two were married, and Castiel had to move houses to accommodate their new family. Maybe Naomi thought that if Cas got a taste of the real world, he’d avoid straying, the way Gabriel had. His older brother still called him now and then, usually drunkenly, but Castiel usually hung up whenever his brother began to disparage their mother. Which was often. Maybe Naomi just wanted another person under her control.
“I understand-”
“I want a bath,” Cas sighed, going limp.
“Don’t you have someone you love?”
“Well, today’s as good as any,” the man looked up, a fragile smile on his face as he extended his hand holding the razor. His smile became genuine as Cas took the razor hesitantly.
Dean wheeled on Cas. His voice was livid, but Cas saw the tears welling up in his eyes.
“Well, what is it?”
“Oh, it’s you.”
They didn’t talk about the kiss, but Dean kept staring at him, like he was a bug under a microscope. Like Cas wasn’t the only one suffering under the weight of the memory of soft lips and breathless moans. Like he wasn’t the only one undone, unmoored without the other.
“What?” Cas said.
Cas watched Dean dress, with his own knees drawn up against his chest. Though his arms were already covered in goosebumps, Cas felt an odd sort of heat flutter through him as he watched Dean pull pants up over his boxers. After Dean pulled on a hoodie and sweatpants, he turned and caught Cas staring.
“Dean! Car, now,” John growled.
Cas straightened up, his spine protesting as he separated himself from the indent he had made on the Jeep’s leather seating. Peering over the dashboard, his swept the landscape, now drenched in a cool blue in the twilight. While he had been asleep, they had left the empty suburbs behind, and made it out into what Cas figured was farmland. The fields were overgrown, and wild cows grazed. An old silo lay at the head of an abandoned field, an anchor in a sea of tall weeds.
Ever since he and Claire were rescued two months ago, since he was able to relax for a moment after he knew that he and his sister were safe, well, as safe as anyone could ever be in these days, his body decided it was time to jumpstart puberty. It was all Dean’s fault. Cas just kept
“And Sam texted that he’s off at Ruby’s,” Dean sighed, “I don’t trust her at all. But we got the house to ourselves.”
Cas let out a muffled whimper, and Dean looked up to see Cas gagging himself with his own t-shirt. Dean smirked, and paused his work on Cas’ pants to peel off his own shirt, and watched the man’s eyes grow wide.
“I’m not asking you to make a decision. You asked me how it would work and I’m telling you,” Cas said.
“Not bad looking either,” John said.
They were sitting in the abandoned barn, a lazy afternoon rolling away. Sammy was on nurse duty, and Dean had the day off from the garage, which he declared was reason enough to utilize Meg’s gift.
Most of Castiel’s cool had to be attributed to Dean, so strong and self assured, it felt as if nothing bad could ever happen on his watch. He was larger than life, and he said they would get Claire back, so they would. Simple as that.
“Dean Winchester,”  He said, grasping the kid’s hand, shaking seriously.
Early the next morning, Cas snuck down to the river and waded in his shorts, to try to get them clean. Laundry was done communally, and Cas didn’t think he could suffer the embarrassment of handing off his clothes to someone else in this state. By the time he got back to his tent, Claire, Charlie, and Dean were all waiting for him.
Cas sat himself down at a picnic table as Dean went to the food stores and grabbed some deer jerky. Dean sat back across from Cas, and dug into the meat, and after a few moments, Cas joined him, ripping small strips and eating them slowly.
Cas heard them before he saw them. The unnatural, unceasing, thump, thump, against the hard, wooden door. Ten, maybe even twenty, Croats, ramming themselves against the door, nearly indistinguishable, a mass of rotting flesh and matted hair. So intent on their prey, that the mindless monsters failed to sense the fresh meat behind them, until it was far too late. The older ones were always stupider. Dean gave the signal, and before long, the entire mass was a formless pulp on the ground.
Dean looked to his left, the light from the four other cars in the makeshift caravan serving as the only light source to illuminate the sullen boy next to him. Power plants began to shut down a couple months after the outbreak, plunging city by city into darkness, until the entire country, the entire world, was blackened.
He couldn’t tell the man below him that he loved him. It was achingly true- every drop of blood in his forsaken body called out for Cas.
“I just, kinda knew, I guess. I don’t know. I felt broken, and I still do sometimes, but I know everything will get better after we get out of this shit town,” Charlie said, just as they reached her home. She took a seat on the snow covered steps, gesturing for Castiel to sit next to her.
“It is Christmas,” Sammy piped up from down the table.
“I dunno, his drinking is good leverage, for now. He’s not tryna ruin you, he just wants me gone,” Dean grumbled, eyeing the projector under the bed, “I think this is too big to take with us.”
“Any fucking where Cas. Maybe get a motel by school until we can sign a lease. Or we could hit up Gabe’s. We’ll sleep in the Impala if we have to,” Dean said, throwing clothes into a duffel.
“Oh, no, I can do that,” Dean murmured, trying to let himself out of the car.
“Winchester, you in for tonight?” Victor asked.
The deeper they went the worse things they found. Ash, through some technical genius and mission-impossible style scheming, accessed Roman’s private email server. Working with someone who could only be identified as “Mr. L”, Roman planned on deploying his bio-terrorist zombie bug on the world, the only thing missing was the date and method. Before the two could go public with what little information they had, the first signs of a new “superbug” were seen in New York City, ripping through housing projects, then schools and hospitals. Soon it was hopping state lines, and before long, international waters.
Dean expected a textbook Cas glare, but instead the other boy looked down at his hands and said nothing, his face pale. Charlie glared at Dean instead.
“Elbows off the table,” Naomi replied.
Dean whipped around, almost dropping the bottle, but catching it at the last moment. Cas was staring at him with wide eyes, and Dean was holding a big thing of vodka in both hands in front of Captain Narc.
The jeep careened to the side, approaching the edge of the valley three miles from camp. Dean wrestled for control of the jeep, but all hope was lost when the front right tire blew out too. The back two tires left the ground, and the jeep tumbled, front first, into the valley. The last thing Dean heard were Cas’s screams.
“Do you believe her?” Dean asked, and Charlie and Sam turned to Cas again.
“We’re just step brothers. Not my fault my dad likes crazy religious chicks,” Dean said quickly.
Dean readjusted his grip on the wheel, “I’m not gonna say shit to your mom or my dad or anybody. Ok? You can trust me.”
He’d seen enough. It was a text from Lisa Braeden, asking if he’d be there tonight. If he didn’t want Gordon to get him about being a virgin, Lisa was his best bet. He had to go, empty handed or not.
“I heard that!” one of the aforementioned ghost goons shouted, but Charlie waved them off affably, before dragging Castiel a seat next to her.
“Has anyone ever taught you how to shave, Cas?” Dean asked, as he opened up the small cabinet over one of the few actual sinks in camp, not that it actually gave up fresh water.
That’s why he was now with Hannah, who didn’t distract him nearly as much as his roommate, in the library sifting through the textbook that he’d notated to death already. He’d never get his money back on this one after the semester was out but if he aced that final it would all be worth it.
Dean tried not to make his sigh of relief obvious. He didn’t think he could handle anyone around them finding out that they were “learning” things together in their spare time. “I think that would be best too.”
Already he knew this was a train wreck but he was going to power through, no matter how it turned out.
“I know it’s no Rockefeller Center but it does look pretty around here when everyone gets their lights up.” Dean commented as he climbed down the ladder, gently grabbing the thermos from Castiel’s hands a taking a sip for himself.
“Dean, it’s okay.” Cas insisted, not wanting to fuck this up for himself, but the protest was futile. Dean gripped his hips and rolled him over.
“Me!” Came a voice from the stairwell where Gabriel, Hannah, and Anna all sat at the top with half-guilty looks.
Cas was smiling from ear to ear at the words. It must have been fate and just another reason that Dean was perfect because somehow they were always on the same wavelength. That night, Cas was planning to ask his husband if he’d be interested in looking into an adoption agency that Cas had highly recommended to him.
“Of course not.”
His family was even starting to notice how often Castiel was gone. Apart from the obligatory dinner he was expected to partake in, Castiel was rarely at their summer home and apparently his parents’ interest with the neighbors was waning temporarily and Castiel’s absence was getting questioned.
Perfect.
It wasn’t long before they were clean and warm under the blanket with Cas’s head resting on Dean’s shoulder. Cas’s arm was thrown across Dean’s waist and Dean couldn’t resist trailing his fingers up and down Cas’s skin.
“Then you going and thinking we wouldn’t even be friends after. What was that?” Dean’s tone was cheerful as if he thought Cas had just been messing with him with his answer.
Castiel figured that was a reasonable request. “Yes.”
Wouldn’t he?
Do you want Chinese for dinner?
“Hello?”
“We have all the necessary ingredients,” Cas confirmed.
Though there was the added challenge of distrustful locals, the hunt was as average and routine as any hunt could be. It took four days, two beheaded vampires, and four of five victims (one more had been captured the day after they arrived to town, the first had tragically not survived) successfully reunited with their families before the case was closed.
“Touch yourself.”
“Because I know this is all just hypothetical and I
“I could never hate you.” Dean responded softly. Castiel almost wept again when Dean’s arms embraced him even tighter. “You’re my best friend.”
he’d forget to let Cas know that Emma needed her homework signed, that Ben needed a sack lunch for his field trip, and that Jack had a fucking doctor’s appointment during the time he’d be away.
Dean watched as Castiel fought the urge to touch him. He watched as his best friend’s hand twitched in mind air so close to its desired destination. Cas’s eyes didn’t wander though, his eyes stayed locked on Dean’s the whole time.
tears started stinging Castiel’s eyes when he saw Dean standing, hunched over trying to catch his breath.
“Then why?”
“Gabe!”
Dean squeezed Cas’s waist protectively, as he were trying to shield Cas from Meg’s question. “That’s because he knows as well as I do that it’s not possible.”
It’d just been him and Gabriel all his life and Cas, even now, struggled with being away from him. He’s still not sure why he picked going to UNLV over any of the universities he could have attended in California but something about the school had felt right for him. He almost didn’t go, to be honest; not wanting to leave his dad alone. He’d even tried to convince Gabriel to move with him to Nevada but Cas knew Gabriel’s career was in California. It’d been hard, and at least he had Dean and Hannah to get him through, but he still missed his dad more than he could explain. He knew he needed to make more of an effort to talk to him.
He could feel Cas’s smile against his lips as he said, “Yes.”
“Yes, yes. I’m ready.”
“I wouldn’t have asked if I didn’t.”
Who ever did?
Castiel knew he shouldn’t have expected anything less of his friend. Now having known her for a few years, it was exactly the type of thing she’d pull. He was mostly shocked that Dean hadn’t figured out her plan sooner being that the two had been best friends since childhood.
With Dean silently determining that Castiel was Baby Houseman, he was helpless to do anything but twirl under his friend’s arms when given the cue. “You’re so drunk right now,” Cas chuckled, not giving a damn that the other bar patrons were pointing at laughing at them.
“Daddy does,” he argued back.
It was like a levee had broken and suddenly Castiel was flooded with the realization of just how much fear he’d been holding in. It wasn’t fear of what Dean could do to people who hurt his loved ones, but fear that if he’d ever let his feelings for Dean slip that he’d be shunned. Fear that he’d lose his first ever meaningful friendship—first ever meaningful relationship.
“I don’t know? I’ve thought about it.” Dean answered honestly. “I know we said early on that we didn’t need kids and that we had more to focus on. But… it was never really out of the picture for us, you know? We did say someday, if it felt right.”
“What has he told you?”
It wasn’t an accomplishment he’d achieved on his own though, not by any means. It’d been a project in the back of the mind of he and his friends growing up, making some sort of epicenter of the town where people would come to hang out and enjoy themselves. In college that dream had sprouted wings and truly taken off. Dean, Benny, and Jo made it happen together, each one putting in every ounce of their heart and soul to make it work. Dean knew he wouldn’t have been able to do it without them by his side; when the going got tough they all held each other up. There was someone else Dean owed a huge part of his success too, owed everything to really, he’d never have been able to dream of achieving all he had in his life if he hadn’t been blessed with his better half.
“Oh, hello.” He said in amusement. She pulled back just enough to cradle his face in her hands. Castiel couldn’t help but laugh at how excited she seemed to be.
Knowing how much it turned Cas on, and being desperate enough for his man’s cock, Dean pushed back on the fingers inside him, willing his body to stretch out quickly so he could take what he needed.
Well, it made sense because…
“What are you saying?” Dean’s voice was unusually devoid of emotion.
Something was wrong but Castiel felt at no position to press the matter. He waited instead, for Dean to say something or for his charge to finally succumb to sleep.
Of course Dean wanted Cas to if his friend was interested. He loved having Cas around on breaks. The guy was his best friend and he missed him when they were apart but… with the shift in their dynamic? Would it be awkward if they were around Dean’s family?
And selfishly he’s glad to have Dean all to himself these days.
First, Dean currently seemed to be in a great mood. Secondly, Castiel was horny as hell and it was a reasonable assumption that Dean may be too, which meant they’d both be mutually satisfied if he did go ahead and ask. Thirdly, Castiel was already naked and it would only take getting Dean’s clothes off to get them where he needed them….
There were quite a few head turns from their friends as they all stared at her in disbelief.
“I’m going on a trip with Uncle Sam. I’ll be back in about two weeks.”
He hadn’t actually asked someone out since… well, since high school maybe. Even then he’s pretty sure they had gone from being friends to just telling people they were together. So, to say he was nervous was an absolute understatement which was why he fumbled it big time when he finally tried.
Castiel had to admit that Dean seeking him out did mildly surprise him. “Hello, Dean.” He supplied, hoping that the other boy would clue him in to why they were currently speaking.
“Alright. I’ll remember. Thank you for calling.”
“I am.” Castiel confirmed, before turning a bit more bashful. “Uh… Thank you. For that.”
Instead of Dean accepting that offer he angrily rolled his eyes at Cas. “I might as well just do it. You weren’t capable earlier.”
That night, Jackson Samuel Winchester, or Jack as they liked to call him, came home.
He tried to smile,  “No need to concern yourself I’ll be fine on my own.”
“Dean…” He started to say, not really knowing how that sentence ended. But that didn’t matter as Dean pulled him into a crushing hug, whispering into his ear.
“Thank you, for taking me.”
him… that Dean was inside of him, would make him feel.
For his part Dean did seem to have a bit of a revelation when Cas spelled it out like that. But still, he had to prove to be as stubborn as ever. “Well, I mean, it wouldn’t be easy, but we couldn’t just not be in each other’s lives anymore.”
Sammy giggled and Dean could see him scoot over and lay his head on Cas’s tummy. "You're my pillow." He proclaimed.
Dean’s chest was suddenly to Cas’s back, skin burning hot against Cas’s own. Cas instinctively reached a hand back, landing on Dean’s thigh, feeling the lightly haired muscle that he’d been fantasizing about touching.
He expected to have to kick in the door since he assumed it’d be locked, but to his surprise the door flung right open with a turn of his wrist, revealing a dark and starkly empty room. The bed where Cas should have been sprawled under the sheets was immaculately made without so much as a crease in them.
“Surprise!”
There were many pictures featuring only the Winchester boys smile or goofing around. Each boy had a row of school photos lined up as well, showing the progression of their ages through the years. There were pictures featuring their mother as well as a man who resembled Sam very much, all as a family unit looking happy. Castiel most enjoyed a picture of Dean sitting on a fishing dock with a huge smile on his face with a large fish in has hands.
“Cas…”
“How long?”
And how could he deny him what they both wanted?
“You’re kidding me right?”
“Okay,” he agreed.
Yeah?
Ellen’s palm stuck out and matched her reproaching look. The two men knew they’d hear about this endlessly for weeks.
Sam and Dean both laughed together. Dean knew it was something Hannah would do. She seemed to believe in true love and happily ever after, and always tried to encourage Cas to go out and meet someone good for him.
Hearing his name finally allowed him to release the breath he was holding, huffing out his frustration he looked towards the person who had more of a right to be pissed off than he did. “What gave them the nerve to show up here? What did they expect would happen?”
“Just don’t think about it?” Right then Cas knew Dean was pissed. He took a small step backwards, hoping his friend didn’t actually hit him for this confession. It wasn’t like Dean was straight (obviously) but… but maybe knowing Cas had feelings for him made things weird? “You’re telling me I could’a had you four years ago and I’m only learning about this now?”
“I’m sorry for tonight.” Cas spoke immediately, looking down at the porch’s floorboards.
He didn’t say a word but somehow Cas knew Sam understood.
Dean turned around to see Cas standing ten feet away, looking completely distraught. "What?" Dean could barely recognize the voice that came out of his mouth.
Out reaching his hands, Dean offered Cas a packed Honey Bun, icing sticking to the inside of the package as expected.
Jack stomped up to Cas with a mighty vengeance, emotion thick in the kid’s voice as he nearly shouted, “Why? Why didn’t you tell me you were leaving?”
The look on Dean’s face matched the way Castiel felt on the inside. “Dude! You had us freaked! We thought we were late!”
He just lost his virginity to Dean. Dean, his best friend would forever be the first person to ever be inside him.
He wanted so badly to pull Dean into a hug and tell him that if he had it his way, he’d keep Dean in his life forever, right by his side. He wanted to tell Dean not to go back home and to go back to California with him so they wouldn’t have to spend four long weeks apart and he could show Dean the places he used to go when he was in high school—just like Dean had done for him last year.
“Did he try to hold your hand?”
Without hesitation, Cas made his way over to the seat Gabriel was obnoxiously ‘saving’ for Castiel to sit. It was on the corner, where he’d be able to sit next to their father at the head.
He laid in bed wide awake as Cas slowly drifted off but Dean’s mind wouldn’t calm down. Despite wanting to shake Cas awake and confess it all, negative thoughts started to smother him.
He knew that wasn’t true though. He knew that Dean’s good soul compelled him to make Castiel feel as good as possible too—that somewhere Dean felt that he owed Castiel some pleasure in return for the pleasure Castiel bestowed on him… it wasn’t ever because Dean craved Castiel in return.
Cas held onto his hands with a vice grip.
Dean’s voice lowered to a mockery of his friends, “
“Hello, Dean. Sam.” Cas said respectfully as he approached the table. He was wearing jeans and one of Dean’s t-shirts again (which did not, at all, make a thrill run through Dean) with his signature trench coat overtop, the damn thing finally making it out of hibernation.
To me it is.
Dean asked two weeks later.
There was no way he could survive seeing Cas so fucking perfect like this.
Dean had wanted to marry him. To solidify the bond that Castiel felt from the moment he’d met him outside some run down gas station at an early morning hour no one should ever be awake. Dean never intended to leave him for another, he was going to commit himself to Castiel for life. And Castiel had let his insecurities take him away from the love of his life before Dean even had a chance to propose.
“Yes.” Castiel answered automatically watching as Dean studied his face.
“Tell me,” he pleaded.
I blame it on the turkey
Cas had the day off from class and was going to finish up the last of his packing even though it was mostly just clothes and toiletries at this point. There were a few things in the living room and kitchen that Gabriel insisted that he take too, but Cas currently lacked the motivation to get started for the day. Instead, he stared at the short little note and smiled contently knowing he had the most amazing boyfriend in the world.
Dean’s hand was trembling as he clicked play on the short video—a shaky camera angled down at Cas’s groin where he was rubbing himself on top of his basketball shorts.
“You will,” Cas promised.
Again, Lucas seemed to be unable to care any less about Castiel’s presence. “Fine,” he said, continuing to type away on his phone.
He really didn’t want to have to deliver the news.
“Yeah,” Dean promised, taking another kiss just because he could.
Castiel could only frown. “It didn’t seem of import.”
“Its not?” Dean’s voice was mocking but playful. “Are you sure? I think it’s a thing.”
“Didn’t like the pajamas?” Dean’s low voice sounded, clearly in the beginnings of arousal, inducing another shiver from Cas.
“I fell, twice, and he was there to help me up each time.”
He could hardly believe it.
Cas seemed pleased with Dean’s response. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning then, Dean.”
“Okay?”
“It’s okay?” Dean asked in disbelief. How was Cas not pissed? “Like hell it’s okay! I don’t like the way she treats you.”
All along, this was how it was supposed to feel. This is what people meant when they said that sex was special, sacred even. The desire to show someone just how much they meant to you, to want their pleasure to come before your own, to feel completely as one being and know they were the only person you wanted to be close to in that way ever again. He wanted to build a home within Cas.
“I love my son!”
Damn, Cas was awesome. But it still left Dean feeling a little guilty every time Cas did something above and beyond what he needed just to make Dean happy. He didn’t want Cas thinking he had to always try and be perfect or something.
Shame filled Cas’s gut. The one thing he was meant to keep quiet about, the one secret he had to keep for Dean and he blew it. It devastated him to think that this was where their arrangement would all end.
“I’m glad you two have each other,” he heard his brother say. Dean could hear it in Sam’s voice that it came from his heart.
He knew it was supposed to be the “smarter” choice, saying no to having sex with Cas, but he wasn’t going to lie to himself and say he was happy with having to say it. What would have actually been the smartest choice would have been ending it altogether, telling Cas that he really was going to be okay going out and finding someone else but the thought—
“Surely just a coincidence.”
But why would Dean even be scared? Didn’t he know Cas wanted to sleep with him?
Cas, the angel that he was, kept trying to cheer Dean up, bringing him snacks or choosing to watch some of Dean’s favorite movies so Dean played along and pretended like it was working. It’s not that he didn’t love the attention or kindness, he did very much, but some stupid part of himself couldn’t get excited over it like he used to. But he kept on pretending, waiting for it to pass because as much as he wanted to just stay in bed and sleep off the funk, he had things to do.
His heart already felt heavier in his chest but he hoped this wouldn’t be the only time he’d get to hear Cas’s voice during break. “Talk to you in a bit.”
“As long as they don’t hurt the people I care about I wouldn’t, but if someone lays a hand on my mom, Sam, or you… it’s game over.”
“Okay.”
***Spoilers: Cas does not sleep with anyone else. He does not do anything physically besides kissing. He is alone when Dean opens the door but still pretty drunk.
Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean huffed the passenger door open.
At the time, Dean had grumbled under his breath about how Cas wasn’t ever allowed to touch Baby again, when on the inside he imagined finally dragging Cas out to the garage with him on the weekend and teaching him how to do a little body work. That’s where his mind had been, thinking of things he could experience with Cas, basic human lessons or skills he could teach him, just so they had excuses to spend more time together. Since the world had mostly gone silent apart from a few pesky monsters here and there, Dean wanted to actually experience the simple parts of life and he’d been so excited to get to bring Cas along for most of them.
Cas seemed almost satisfied with this grinding they were doing but his need for more must have won out.  “Oh—yeah.”
He could see Dean’s point—princes, princesses, magic spells, talking animals—none of it truly reflected the rawness of real life but he could also see the appeal for so many people.
Tension formed between Dean’s eyebrows as he nodded to Castiel’s question. “Yeah? Did something happen?”
He had Cas flip back over onto his back where he decided to spend just a few more minutes rubbing lotion across every part of Cas’s skin he could reach, until he couldn’t stop himself from taking Cas’s cock in his hand and bringing it back to life. He watched Cas’s eyes fall shut and something about seeing that blissed out look made Dean fill with adoration. He kept his one hand moving over Cas’s length but reached out with his other hand to take some lube before bringing his fingers back behind Cas’s balls and finding his hole once more.
“Can I—can I wash you?” Cas asked, unsure of himself. The thought that Cas wanted to run his hands over Dean’s body without any inherent sexual reason to, made his heart skip a few times.
“You’ll catch ‘em.”
“He’s your family too. You love him just as much as we do.” He pressed soothing kisses into Cas’s hairline. “It was terrifying. I never thought we’d go through like that in our family… it’s okay to feel how you did. It scared all of us.”
"Oh good. I like that.” Sammy seemed to be content with the conversation until a beat later something else must have crossed his mind and he asked, "Cas?"
“Look, he doesn’t have a lot of time before his Grace is completely gone,” Dean went on. “But we’re doing everything we can to try and find him.”
“Not watching TV?” Cas asked, shuffling from where he’d dropped his dirty clothes in the hamper over to the makeshift living room.
Good point.
“Yeah. Yeah, okay.”
Dean, did Cas go back to your place?
Cas’s eyes flew open then, craning up his neck to just look at the face of the man above him. Even though Dean’s eyes were closed Castiel felt that feeling of contentment he’d long contributed to Dean, wash over him as his friend moved.
Castiel swirled his bowl of tomato rice soup around miserably. Before his heart would have been mush at his feet, knowing this meal meant a lot to Dean—he only brought out his mom’s recipes on special occasions.
“What do you suggest we do?”
“I can’t stand when the people I care about get hurt. I didn’t like how she was talking to you.”
At first neither of them seemed to know what to do now that they were so close, with water pouring down on them and they each found themselves looking around until they locked in eye contract, laughing with each other at how oddly they were behaving.
“I wish you would answer me. For once, I wish you would just tell me what you feel.”
Castiel pulled Dean in for another lingering kiss, sinking his tongue into his mouth and just tasting. His perfect, stunning, incredible husband allowed him the kiss for only a moment more before he pulled back, smiling his most breathtaking smile.
Although the parade was still in full affect, Dean held Castiel’s full attention. Until this moment Cas hadn’t realized that he didn’t know what Dean planned to do in only a few short months. Would Dean even be around to be his friend anymore? What would Castiel do if Dean moved away?
He felt backed into a corner knowing there was no way out of answering this, not after the practical monologue he’d just delivered in front of the nosy bar patrons. The only thing left for him to do was to admit it even if it came out as a weak whimper of, “Yes.”
All he could do was groan when the lights flipped back on. His head was hurting far more than it had when they’d turned off. Just what he needed.
He couldn’t see his family being against him being with a guy but what he and Cas were doing? This hooking up, no strings attached, friends with benefits type deal didn’t seem like something his parents would understand. He had a feeling they’d be disappointed in him for not treating Cas the way Cas should be treated. Hell, he was mad at himself for it too.
“You can trust us.” Castiel ensured. He steadfastly tried to ignore the envy that tore though him at the thought of another one of his friends getting to become a parent when he couldn’t. This was not the time to throw a pity party for himself though.
“Please.” Cas scoffed, turning back around to put his shirt on.
“I can’t help it that you’re a chef.”
He clambered a little awkwardly until he was straddling Dean’s thighs and bracing himself on the back of the couch, bracketing Dean in between his arms as the other man lined his cock up with Cas’s newly wet hole.
And as much as Cas loved the idea of spending the holidays with Dean, cuddling in the winter coldness, exploring a little more under the cover of their blankets… Castiel knew he needed to go back home.
It was too straight forward. Too many variables that could go horribly wrong but Dean wasn’t up for questioning any of it. He had a distinct feeling Sam, Rowena, Gabe, and Jack were purposefully keeping a lot of the details to themselves.
He had somewhere he needed to be.
“No, turn around. Your first time shouldn’t be on your hands and knees.”
“It was about me again wasn’t it?” He knew Gabriel tried to keep that stuff from him, but there was only so many times Cas could hear
Just when Dean was about to say something, Cas’s mind was made up.
The heart attack took them all by surprise.
At first Dean looked at him relieved before his eyes became sad again. He shook his head.
He rolled his eyes, deciding Dean wasn’t serious.
Cas traced his thumb across the rough stubble at Dean’s jawline and melted a little when Dean’s lips moved to kiss the tip of his thumb. Just that tiny gesture was enough to make Castiel’s heart grow double in size and he wasn’t sure his heart could take it. The happiness coursing through him could easily fill the moon.
“But Cas?”
Dean didn’t so much as blink. Fuck, Cas might actually cry. He just had to say his peace.
“You okay? Is it too much?”
Would they be happy for him? Would they be disappointed that he’d gone and fallen for a boy? Even if they said before that they adored Cas? Was there a side to his parents that he’d never known, one that hated people who loved the “wrong” person?
“Baby, don’t do that. Come over, we’ll talk about this.”
“I know, but I wanted to,” He admitted. “They welcomed me into their home last year and… they were so kind. I just, I wanted to get them something too.”
Dean’s fingers were tracing delicate patterns all over Cas’s skin and Cas couldn’t get his fingers out of Dean’s hair.
“What’d he say?”
He wasn’t sure if Dean didn’t understand the question or if he was as nervous as Cas because it took the other man a while to answer.
“If—and this I assume is still all hypothetical?” She asked clarifyingly.
“Wow, you really are so pathetically in love with him... it’s sad.”
“Tell me,” Dean whispered again in his ear making Cas shiver, he knew he’d remember this little trick for the future if he got the chance.
The curtains in the window were drawn and it appeared completely dark in the room, but somehow Dean just knew this was where he had to be. As terrified as he was, he couldn’t wait a second longer. He banged on the door, praying to anything that could hear him to not break his heart.
Dean had to admit that this was one of the strangest conversations he’d probably had about someone’s family but he couldn’t deny that he was really interested. “So your siblings, what are their names? Do they live around here?”
He watched as Cas took a few steps forward, hesitant to stand too close. "All that talk of me being happy with the things I’m doing in my life. I’ve just been forcing myself to do all of it because it means that I keep myself busy. I just… I just wanted you to think I was doing better off than I really am.”
Only, Dean didn’t glance over at Bess who was holding the shot glasses with a protective stance nor did he look at his brother. He looked at Gabriel instead.
Humming noncommittally, Castiel snuggled back down into his spot, pulling the blanket around his head. He was smiling ear to ear but he knew by the placement of his blanket that Dean wouldn’t be able to see it.
His lips were pressed against Cas’s temple as he spoke. “It’s happening. Cas. We’re getting a baby.”
the head of the toy breached his entrance, and the weight of Dean’s hand landed on his spine Castiel let his mind go. There was something in the room, in the air, in the space between them that let Castiel simply melt into the moment, allowing himself to just be consumed by want.
Dean was gaping like a fish. “What?”
“What? No we’re just friends. I don’t think I’m Dean’s type.” Apparently that was enough to get Lisa to drink the water. He let her take a few more gulps before he decided it was high time he actually ordered her car.
“Dean please.” He felt a little desperate and a lot hurt over what he’d just seen transpire. All he wanted was to be in his own bed and deal with his whirling emotions.
Castiel waited patiently as Hannah took a moment to compose herself after choking on her coffee. He knew by her reaction alone he hadn’t worded that correctly. When she seemed finally able to breathe correctly again, the look on his friend’s face was beyond confusion, confirming his thoughts.
“I really thought she was going to lose him. I really thought he wasn’t going to make it and I just kept thinking ‘what if that was you? What if that was you in there and I didn’t know if I’d be able to see you again?’ I don’t know how she—I don’t know how she just went through that.”
me. He loves me more than I will ever deserve. I’ve hurt him in a way I cannot forgive myself for, yet he still loves me more than anyone ever will. Doesn’t that mean anything to you? I don’t care that he isn’t as wealthy as our family. I don’t care that he has a GED or that he’s a mechanic—I love those things about him. I’m in love with everything about him. So if you can’t accept that. If you continue to think he isn’t worth my time and that I could possibly find better than him, then you won’t be a part of my life anymore.
He could feel his anger building up as he realized how hopeless it all looked. What the fuck was Cas thinking?
he felt when Cas didn’t choose to sit next to him on the couch, but… it wasn’t like he offered either. Besides, it wasn’t like they cuddled except for when they engaged in their “learning” and he sure as hell did not expect Cas to want to touch him every single day. So it was definitely normal for Cas to not sit next to him if he didn’t want to “learn” with Dean today. It was fine. Really.
“Yeah. I will be.”
“Damn, you’re a long way from home.”
“No!”
“Hey, can I talk to you for a second?”
Perhaps very,
Dean had to make it right.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
He knew in some ass backwards way
“You won’t be able to move though.” Dean commented, looking at the way Cas’s shoulders were nearly pinned down from the position.
Dean felt his cheeks go hot. “Mom…”
like this.
“Heya, Cas! Day okay?”
“You’re so close though.”
Castiel nodded with a huge grin. “The lights really are beautiful.”
As they had discussed, they drove a few miles away from the college to find a store they wouldn’t be recognized in. Being as they were in Las Vegas they really had a slew of places to pick from and decided to go with one that didn’t have garish objects in the window. He didn’t want Cas to have an aneurism from anxiety after all. (Okay, maybe Dean was a little intimidated by mannequins dressed in leather and feathers with floggers in their hands—sue him).
“No, but if you’d like we can go to the store and buy something? A few games too?”
“So Castiel, how is—how is your mother?” Hannah politely injected herself into conversation. Dean liked her. She was very similar to Cas in her mannerisms and she seemed to look at Cas like she cared a good bit for him.
“Yeah, well, I was eighteen then. Things change.”
“So… do you want to go watch Star Wars or play video games?”
Oh, and what's your first impression of Naomi? Do you hate her too? I hope to explain her/Chuck's backstory but it might end up in one of these notes if I can't work it into the story.
His words came out carefully, ensuring he didn’t slip up and say too much.
Castiel noticed then that he still wore the jacket Dean had lent him earlier. He’d even forgotten his own coat in Dean’s car. Subtly, or not so subtly, he pulled it tighter against himself and breathed in the familiar smell of Dean’s soap and cologne. He had his answer.
“I—I don’t know.” Dean stuttered. He played with his hands in his lap trying to find the words. “I—I guess I need to know Sam is good and taken care of you know? He comes first. But… I guess… I need or—or I want…” He paused for a beat, letting out a shaky breath. “I want to have a home. A real one. A place where I don’t have to think of as temporary, where I can settle down and have a life and a real good job and just be safe, I guess.”
He hoped it was enough to say:
“He’ll be dead when you find him,” she taunted with a hollow laugh. “And it’ll be all your fault.”
Whatever gibberish came out of his mouth seemed to be an acceptable answer.
“Sorry,” the hunter said hoarsely. He scooted over a few inches on the bed and tugged at Cas’s pajama pant leg, encouraging him to scoot more towards the center of the bed. “Here. Get comfy.”
He couldn’t help but smile. “I take it you’re the best?”
He’d put off texting his roommate as long as he could, but with his gut telling him something was off, he couldn’t resist sending a ‘are you on your way home?’ text. He even called thirty minutes later but Dean didn’t answer.
“Talk to me.”
“Let me hear you,” he whispered hotly against Cas’s ear. All Castiel could do was nod.
“I’m trying to narrow it further. Could you look and see if there’s anywhere around where I’m at that she could be hiding?”
“Does he know that?” Sam asked after giving his brother a moment to stew. “Have you told him?”
“Touch me you dick,” Cas mumbled.
It had been Castiel’s fault. He should have eased himself out of bed long before Sam even awoke but he’d been distracted.
“The dude is so into her, everyone can tell.”
“But isn’t there like always something to do there? It seems like it’s definitely the place to be.”
He’d just heard practically what he’d been wanting to hear yet the complete opposite too. Cas’s feelings had change too but he was willing to stay how they were just in case Dean was too scared to give him more?
He may have been overzealous in taking two so soon, but with Dean next to him on the couch, staring at him like he could eat Cas alive, there was no way Cas wasn’t going to get on his dick as soon as possible.
for like three weeks until I saw you write it on your homework when you were helping me with bio. People forget things, it’s not a big deal.”
“Of course I am,” Cas confessed, smiling. “You never break your promises.”
“You doing okay?”
“Cas…”
“What do you mean?”
“Thank you.”
Dean laughed a little, a slight nervous edge to it. “No. Friends since we were six but…. We’re actually--he’s my boyfriend.”
There was a countertop and a couch separating them, but it felt like miles. “We’ve been doing this—what ever this is—for months now Dean. You didn’t tell Sam about me and he had to quite literally corner me to find out, which means you haven’t told Bobby either. You refuse to come around my family or even meet up with just Anna. And you haven’t even asked me to move back in… we’ve been back together longer than we even dated before you moved in with me the first time.”
“You mean the world to me Dean Winchester. You know that right?”
Cas could feel Dean’s forehead against his temple as his friend whispered hotly in his ear.
Did you take my Zepp shirt?
“It’s taken care of,” Sam confirmed, not needing to elaborate on the gory details. Dean was thankful his brother had taken point on that one because Dean is fairly certain he wouldn’t have been able to control himself.
“I have to.”
to give him what he deserved. One way or another Dean would find the happiness he craved.
“Good.” Dean near-whispered.
“Please, please, please. Touch me.”
He hoped—he longed—he
It filled him with warmth getting to be the one Dean confided in. He’d spend all of forever learning about the other boy if he could.
He heard his mother’s heals against the wooden flooring trailing behind him. Not really knowing what to expect from her, he sat down on the recliner to keep some semblance of distance between them. His mother sat down on the couch, pushing the pillows and blankets that had been left undone for most of the weekend aside.
“Wh-what if you were-weren’t interested? You’d hate me.”
“They weren’t my friends.” He said, cutting his mother off. Even the names of those two boys made him grimace.
“Just… it’s weird isn’t it?”
“Cas? What are you talking about?”
The look Cas gave him nearly brought Dean to his knees. It was just a ring but Cas looked stunned that Dean had even thought to give him anything at all. The thought made Dean’s heart break a little for the angel, knowing Dean hadn’t treated him well too many times throughout the years. That was all going to change, he promised himself.
“Dean!” He croaked out. His whole body trembled as he hovered now on his hands and knees, feeling Dean press the toy in and out him. “Dean! Ugh, more, I need more.”
His heart nearly burst out of his chest with the enthusiasm he was greeted with when his youngest two came home. In a millisecond he was swarmed with hugs and kisses from Jack and Emma with a chorus of how much they missed him. Without missing a beat, the two of them jumped into a full-on synopsis of what they’d been up to since he’d been away.
he thinks as they tell him they hate him for not letting them sleep over at their friend’s house on a school night.
“I know, I’m sorry.” Castiel watched as she picked at the corner of her blanket. “It’s just that it sounds like it had parts that I’d consider a date but others that make me wonder if he’s shy or if he isn’t actually interested.”
This was one of my favorite chapters to write and I hope you all like it as well.
It seemed too good to be true.
He was never supposed to love a human above God, above heaven, above all others but he was helpless to fall. Dean Winchester had changed him in more ways than he could recall. The other man taught Castiel that he could choose right from wrong, he taught Castiel that he could be redeemed after falling so far from the right path, and he taught Castiel that he was worthy of having a family.
They made it back to the room a little slower than they’d left and Castiel immediately sat down on the bed.
Immediately, Cas’s hips pulled back before thrusting back in. Dean felt pleasure all the way down to his toes—it was heaven, nothing and no one could tell him otherwise. And maybe if they hadn’t been deprived of each other for so long they may have slowed it down and taken their time to just love each other lazily, but it’d been too long and the need was too immeasurable. Soon, Cas was thrusting into Dean hard and quick, leaving Dean to sink in nails into his man’s back as he moaned in pleasure at each push. Cas’s hand moved to wrap around Dean’s length and before he knew it Dean was tumbling full speed over the edge, screaming Castiel’s name. Moments later he felt Cas follow him over, releasing himself inside of Dean before collapsing atop him.
But how was he supposed to say that? He couldn’t, not when Cas wasn’t interested in him that way? How could Cas be anyway? He didn’t even have enough faith that Dean wouldn’t break their promises to one another.
He tried to not let it show that most of his thoughts were still about Dean.
“Dean?”
He knew he wasn’t breathing as he read:
of the two decade long friendship that we could just be okay if we got divorced? Could still just hang out on the weekends like best buds again?”
It was when Cas’s hands traveled farther south that the touch felt more confident and Dean stopped worrying that he was going to throw Cas against the wall and kiss him senseless. Dean felt a soapy hand wrap around his still soft length. It wasn’t even sexy feeling Cas clean him but something about the moment had heat flooding downwards. He’d never showered with a partner. Never felt the desire to be slippery and half freezing and half under the water as they hogged the warmth. But now... he saw the appeal.
“I know we are,” Cas insisted.
They’d been roommates for three years now, choosing to stay in the dorms since Dean had a full ride to the University, housing included, and Castiel couldn’t imagine living with anyone other than the green-eyed man.
“Actually, can Sam’s be next?”
He could tell by the tone alone that it was Sammy’s worried voice.
He slowed his stride down and turned his head over his left shoulder to see
Only he and his siblings could hear the tone in their mother’s voice that meant she was thoroughly disappointed in what she was hearing. Castiel knew that he needed to save Dean from the inevitable lecture she was likely conjuring up.
Cas didn’t want to argue. He hurried into the room, hearing a loud smack from the kitchen behind him. Quickly he shoved all his clothes into the hamper so that Dean wouldn’t have another thing to get mad over. Not really wanting to deal with a whole night of fighting on his already shitty day, Cas pulled out a small duffle and shoved a day’s worth of clothes in there, his charger, and his tooth brush. He figured it’d do them both some good to have some time apart.
Anna was his friend. He could face his broken heart for just one night. But hell, was he grateful that there would be an open bar.
“Good.”
“Uh—okay.”
You really shouldn’t be texting in class. Such a slacker.
“What if I don’t know?” Dean asked into the silence. His throat clenched tight with emotion. He hated feeling this helpless and raw but they’d been down this road too many damn times. He was sick of pretending like he didn’t feel anything about it.
“I do.” Castiel answered honestly. He tried to voice exactly the right words. “It feels—it feels like a home.”
He wanted more than anything to ask what was going through Dean’s mind but knew his friend needed to be in his own headspace to process this all so Cas let him be knowing neither of them were likely to fall asleep anytime soon.
It was about time he let Dean know how incredible he made this life to live.
“And his other brother and sister they stood up for him in the end, but I just hate that Anna is so mean to him for no reason. She thinks it’s his fault that their parents’ marriage fell apart. I didn’t meet his other brothers but I guess they treat him the same way.” Damn, right now he too wanted to go back over to Cas’s just to wrap him in a hug like his mom suggested. His friend deserved so much better. Which reminded Dean, “And, Mom, I had no idea but Cas said that his mom hasn’t even spoken to him since he moved here. He’s been here for months and she hasn’t even called him!”
“Ha,” Dean said watery. “Hey Sammy. Uh—actually that’s what I’m calling about.”
“I’m not uncomfortable.”
He’d grown so much in his socialization too, making Dean so proud. Despite how hard it had been previously for Cas to make friends, he had a radiance about him that easily drew people in. Sometimes conversation could be stilted as he’d probably forever struggle with what to say, but his kind nature and gentle eyes put everyone at ease around him. He cared about everyone he interacted with, especially his students, always remembering little facts and hobbies people had just so he could ask them about it later.
to sleep with anyone else. Not now, not ever. What Castiel did to him, it was everything Dean didn’t know he needed before. Just looking at the man, even now curled up on the bed… Dean was a goner. He wanted Cas in every way he could have him.
“Because despite the words coming out of your mouth, I know what you really want. You
And that’s what Dean needed to hear. He needed to hear that he was loved again. That
Kaia said it’d be a while before she got out of practice so Claire tried to focus on her friends despite wanting to check her phone every five seconds to check for an update.
If I don’t hear from you in five minutes I’m going to message Dean.
Yes. The answer was unyieldingly yes. He wanted to be more than just a friend to Dean.
with it today.
The dinner went as expected. A mostly dull affair.
“You think the coast is clear?” Cas asked, looking at the laundry room door.
“Yeah. I got that.”
Cas had been solid all that time and Dean should have known it couldn’t last forever. Too caught up in his own fears he hadn’t thought to hold Cas up too.
It had been devastating for both of them. Dean closed himself off immediately, refusing to even acknowledge what had happened while Castiel crumbled. He blamed himself for even putting them in that situation to begin, for wanting a child so badly and for allowing himself to get so hopeful just to be burned so bad—he hated himself for not being able to give Dean a family like his husband so deserved.
He wholeheartedly believed they were made for each other. There was no other plausible explanation how a first kiss could feel so engraved in their being, as comfortable and familiar as if they’d shared it for years.
“I was just thinking…. I can—I can prep myself if you don’t want to… I can—I can just do it all myself… I—I shouldn’t have assumed…”
Even after two years of marriage he couldn’t stop staring at his husband. He was still so blown away by the fact that he got to keep Cas in the first place and it was so much better than he’d ever dreamed it could be.
And oh how Dean delivered. Castiel couldn’t sense the passing of time even if he wanted to, not with how easily his mind had already turned to mush. Maybe it was mere minutes, perhaps it had been hours, possibly even days before Dean managed to settle on the bed. Cas immediately moved to straddle him, not stopping himself from marveling down at the body beneath him.
“But like didn’t you and your friends go and explore the city?”
“Did I do something wrong?”
Andrea smiled to herself, reminiscing on her own youth as she walked up to the counter. There appeared to be only one employee working at the front, a man far too attractive for his own good. He was tall and fit, with pale skin, light brown hair, and a jaw line that would make any sane-minded person swoon. He was exactly the type of man she’d only ever fantasize about flirting with, knowing actually trying it would end in sheer embarrassment on her part. Even still, she fumbled a little as he asked her how her day was going.
Knowing you you’re buying no less than three. I think that’ll do it.
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
Dean felt guilty to the core, he didn’t want to believe that he’d been leading Benny on but it was plain enough that he had been. It just… it felt good to get the attention, and the sweet things Benny would say sometimes… he couldn’t, at the time, see why a kiss would be a bad idea. But every time they did… there was just nothing on Dean’s end, as much as he wished for his friend’s sake there would be.
So many times he’d had the chance to say something, but every time he held back. The uncertainty of knowing how Cas would respond or how it would work out if Cas did feel the same way in return kept him from confessing it all.
“I’m glad. My father did say if you ever wanted to ‘pick his mind’ about the lore he would be more than happy to oblige.”
It was safer to keep a wall around himself. One that he only let his family into and that included Cas. And Cas understood that. Cas didn’t have much in the way of family so he understood why Dean would keep the people he cared about close and keep his heart even closer.
“They’re a group of man-children who run around screaming in a camera.”
“I don’t know.”
“I know. I know. Me too.” Deep, unbounding love reflected back in Dean’s eyes and Castiel felt his heart reach out towards it.
Dean however looked dumbfounded. “Thanks? I think?”
He’d have thought that after nearly two weeks of Cas giving him seemingly endless head that the orgasms wouldn’t be so intense but Cas was very keen on improving his technique, and he sure as hell had.
To top it off, Cas seemed to be around more than before.
It was inevitable that Cas became friends with her though the path had been rocky. The first few months of living with Dean, Castiel couldn’t stand her. More often than he’d like he’d find Charlie perched on their couch munching on
Cas startled a bit before looking up and asking, “Wha—Me?”
“Amazing.” Dean answered as he shallowly thrust.
Cas’s mind was racing.
“You’re lying,” Castiel argued. He could hear how emotional he sounded but he didn’t care. He was hurt that his best friend was pulling away and he had no idea why. “Everything was good and now you’re avoiding me.”
“What did I do?” Cas pleaded.
Sam looked to the bed where the two other notes were still perched too perfectly against the pillows. He seemed to hesitate for a minute before deciding not to read it, taking it with him as he walked to the door.
Fri, Nov 17, 2017 7:25
Castiel probably didn’t deserve him but somehow the universe, or God, or whatever higher being was out there seemed to believe he did.
Castiel stared at the wall for a little while, wondering how he was supposed to respond to that. He took a few deep breaths.
Eventually he found himself drifting around the store aimlessly after a while and just staring at the different objects on display wondering how many people actually used them. Currently he was in an area for anal stimulation. That’s how one of the consultants cornered him.
Cas sat up and pulled the blanket around his lap. He was a little nervous to even be saying this at all but if there was anyone he could openly talk to about all of it, it was Gabriel.
Anna nodded. “She went to a movie with one of her friends from down here.”
“Oh don’t worry.” Cole brushed off. “Dude wouldn’t even hear it, said he wasn’t interested in anyone I wanted to set him up with. I thought he was just too focused on the academy to want to date.”
“Yes!”
“Mind your own business.” Anna commanded.
“I’ve never seen sexual purity to be of import. I know some religions or cultures believe it to be valuable, but to me the fact that I’ve not yet had sexual relations is more a reflection of my lack of exposure to others than my lack of desire to engage. But outside of religion and those cultures, is virginity looked at as something of a burden? Would others prefer their partner to be more experienced than not? I still was under the assumption that people enjoyed those who were considered ‘pure’?”
“He said, at the party, to not forget the tickets? Aren’t you two going together?”
“Cas… do you know how talented you are?”
name… sort of.
I didn’t want to make anything weird
“I’m sorry but I’m much too old to be takin’ a young thing like you back home.”
“I don’t mind.” Dean replied softly, letting Castiel know his thoughts weren’t unwelcomed. “I think you’re right too. I don’t like being close to people. Sometimes even people that I know really well if they come too close to me I just get, overwhelmed you know?”
His feet dangled over the edge of the dock, just enough to submerge his feet into the cool lake water. Ripples cascaded out as he sat, trancelike, staring out at the horizon filled with seemingly endless water and evergreen trees. He let the moment soak into his lungs, feeling more at peace in this single moment than he had in the past two decades of his life.
When they’d started all this he just wanted to be wanted by anyone. But now? Being wanted by Dean and Dean alone was his greatest wish.
“I didn’t mind.” Cas teased back, trying his best to wink.
He couldn’t remember the last time he’d even gone out to a club. He liked to hit up bars every so often but bars were way different. The thumping music, the hoards of people, the lack of any personal space—it wasn’t his scene. He didn’t particularly like being dry humped by a slew of strangers no matter how much people probably assumed he did.
“I hope to be.”
“You hate him? For kissing me?”
They knew Jack was doing everything he could on his side of things but with the angels still pretty hesitant to trust anyone, they weren’t hearing much else they could do but wait and hope for the best.
"Dean you were cheating on me."
This was his home and he was happy.
If you haven't figured out by now, I choose to name my works after country songs. The thing is, I won't add a sequel to a work unless there is a song by the same songwriter of the original work title. (He Didn't Have to Be is named from a Brad Paisley song and my timestamp to it 'Then' is also named from one of his songs).
You don’t need to ask it’s your place too
“We know.” The boys said in tandem.
No. That’d be weird.
“Want me?”
Being back home was better than Castiel had imagined. He still missed Dean but getting to text the other man all day and spend nights sharing sexts… it didn’t feel as lonely as he thought it would. In fact, he’d been spending more time with his dad than he could remember doing in a very long time.
Later, as he was walking out of the lecture hall, Cas wondered if Dean had been onto something about pre-test sex because as far as he could remember, Cas had never felt as confident in his testing as he had during that particular final.
“No… that’s not what I’m asking.”
“You can kiss me now.”
He caught himself smiling as something else caught in his chest. Sharp but comforting, radiating outward from a sole point in his chest. The feeling of it all… it was—it was something he just couldn’t explain, so he didn’t try to. Not yet anyway.
Anyway, back to this story! I have one more chapter in mind and POSSIBLY an epilogue. The next chapter will pick up immediately after this chapter. <3
“Half-siblings.” Anna corrected coldly as she limply shook Dean’s hand.
“You’re taking me to see the bees?” When Dean met Cas’s eyes, he was blown away by the look of awe he saw reflected in them.
“Sammy says you’ve love Dada for ten years.”
He bit back his disappointment, knowing an apology over the arrangement was better than downright disgust at Dean having woken up in his arms.
“Get in the car.”
“What?”
“Okay.” Cas whispered hoarsely. He was trembling fully now.
The next few days happened to go by in a bit of a fog.
He’d obviously changed coming back from the bar because where there had been dark skinny jeans hours before were now sweat pants that Dean had to push off along with Cas’s briefs to get him naked. It was a little more complicated getting his own jeans off, what with Cas’s unrelenting grinding back against him yet somehow, one handed he managed to shove them off enough to kick them away. He didn’t care that his socks stayed on.
“But I like how things are right now.”
The sunlight that currently hit his face with an unforgivable brightness was enough to tell him that it was only a matter of minutes that Hannah would be waking up and forcing him to spill. He weighed the pros and cons of actually facing her questioning or going back to his own room. With leaden arms he groped around for his phone and held it close to his face to reveal the time. He’d be pushing it but he figured with the blackout curtains Dean insisted on having and the fact that it was about an hour before Dean usually woke up on the weekends, it would be safe for Cas to slip back into their room and sleep for the rest of the day, unquestioned by his even nosier best friend.
It was undeniable though when he got a video in return when Cas moaned Dean’s name, just as he always did, right as he came.
Seeming to know just what Dean needed, Cas stepped forward and interrupted Dean with a chaste kiss. His breath was still completely sucked from his lungs by the small act.
Dean wondered for a moment if the guy had many friends to talk to. Something told him that he didn’t.
If there is one thing Dean knew with certainty, it was that he could not love his life any more than he already did. He had a great kid, the happiest little thing, who was growing like a weed every single day. His family was happy and healthy; Jo was killing it in college and Bobby and Ellen seemed to be in the prime of their life. His job was kickass, as they were getting more and more restoration jobs that actually showed off Dean’s skillset. And to top it all off, he was getting married to his better half in less than five months.
As promised, Dean’s fingers started their decent back down the hills of his ass, trailing every which way but not
But fuck that sounded really nice about now.
That made both Sam and Cas laugh, both having heard most of the stories of Jo and Dean’s childhood. Dean smiled, now thinking of the two little boys she was talking about.
He gave Cas a few moments to adjust before he experimented with his thrusts.
“Excuse me?” Cas sputtered suddenly. Dean glared at his brother.
It was that thought that had him thinking maybe,
When the tray was pushed to her with three coffee cups filled with coffee, Claire moved to grab it, but not before a to go bag and cup were slid across to her as well.
Before Dean could keep walking, Castiel pulled them over to a fallen tree and sat them down. “Why do you go with him?” His question came from genuine curiosity.
Dean’s voice was rising in pitch, “Fuck. Are you touching yourself?”
There was a half smile on Anna’s face as she took in all of Castiel’s information. “Hmm. Okay.”
Dean’s heart was thrumming in his chest. Why was Cas doing this? Dean looked at the other man who appeared to be trembling.
“I don’t know.”
College wasn’t exactly what he’d pictured it to be. All throughout his schooling his teachers had ranted and raved about college being the most prestigious time of his life yet here he was, taking courses from professors who taught strictly based on memes. Yes, there was a level of prestige that went with being at a university, but sometimes that prestige faded when he saw the masses coming to school dressed in pajamas.
“Gross. You’re disgusting. I take everything back.” He didn’t know how he found it so enduring to see Dean half asleep on his toilet seat but he wagered it had something to do with being in love with him.
That seemed to settle something inside of Dean. “Okay… okay, yeah. Good.” He didn’t waste much time then almost as if he was trying to not talk himself out of it. He lowered himself down just enough to move Cas’s legs high around his waist, pressing his cock against the crack of Cas’s ass.
care about you.” He gestured between himself and Hannah. “If you ever want to just talk or whatever, you have us. I mean it when I say that both Hannah and I want to talk to you more.”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asked, immediately picking up on something.
Excuse any typos. I'm about to board a plane and can't check it over for any final mistakes. :P
He heard the sounds of Jack whining Emma’s name, clearly in a disagreement with his sister and Castiel couldn’t find the energy to address it.
Castiel hurried to answer the front door before Gabriel could get to it. He knew his older brother had taken a liking to Dean and the two of them could banter non-stop back and forth about whatever it was they bantered about. Cas was, however, much too eager to see the parade and didn’t want his older brother keeping him from that.
“No,” Cas reassured with his back still turned. He didn’t want to look at Dean’s face right now. “We just… we kissed but that’s all.”
He didn’t really want to admit to her that it’d been since Christmas break.
Cas didn’t really know what to say, so he nodded instead and waited as Dean clicked open the cap and poured some of the contents onto his fingers. Instinctively he let his knees drop a little further to the sides as Dean’s hand came back.
Their bathroom wasn’t anything to write home about, especially not their too-small shower that could hardly fit one of them, let alone two, but neither of them cared as they stripped down and stepped under the warm stream of water.
But that never happened.
“Yes. We want him. Yes.”
“Dean…” Cas finally turned his chin enough to see Dean and watched from his side of the bed as his husband circled around to him.
“I love you too.”
“Guys, this is Castiel. Cas, this is everyone.” Castiel looked at the table to the group of people. He was familiar with some of their faces, having seen them in his classes, but the only face he knew by name was the boy with the long hair at the edge of the table—Sam.
right. If we ever did break up, we couldn’t be friends. There’s no chance in hell that I could be your friend because I wouldn’t even be remotely capable of pulling myself together enough to act like I were anything more than an empty shell of a man if I lost you. I said what I said at the bar because up until today there has never been even a millisecond that I’ve thought about what my life would be like if I didn’t have you anymore. I can’t even entertain the idea of us breaking up because the thought of you not being with me makes me physically ache.
“They called me repulsive names and ignored my presence most of the time.”
“Nu uh. No hook ups either. I’m done with that.”
“Day okay?”
Cas’s heart did a little flip flop in his chest. It felt so much like Dean was flirting with him he didn’t know if his heart could take it.
“Yes! Yes! Do it again.” Castiel felt almost out of his mind. It was racing and it was a blur and it was overwhelming and holy shit this was actually happening. “Uhn-fuck. Uhn-
“Oh yeah?”
“But I’m not having sex with you,” Dean cut in to his thoughts. “We aren’t going to cross that line.”
Dean’s mouth dropped open for a split second like he was going to say something. He shook his head before saying, “Right. Right, yeah. Yeah, that’s fine.”
Shit. This was going to be embarrassingly quick.
There was legitimate concern in Dean’s eyes and Cas was touched by it, but he was more concerned with the immediate need to get back to the good stuff so he wrapped his left arm around Dean’s thigh and demonstrated how he’d signal if he were uncomfortable. “I’ll push you off me. Come on.”
“Yes?”
“Yeah, same.”
“Dude, I don’t want to go out. Me and Cas were going to watch Star Wars before Last Jedi comes out.”
“It had to! Just try it again,” Jack begged.
because he knows Cas gets it.
Dean and Sam worked in the kitchen and allowed Castiel to wander around the house for a while. He’d gazed at all the artifacts that lined the tops of the kitchen cabinets as well as the windowsills, wondering why so many flowers adorned the decor of room. Their mother must love gardening, he assumed. The kitchen led into a dining room, which lacked many decorative items for Castiel to look at so he moved into the living area. There were shelves lining either side of a fireplace that had a large television mounted above. He peered at each figurine and frame that lined the shelves before his line of vision brought him to the back wall of the room where a plentiful amount of pictures were hung.
He pressed his brother’s name in his contact and waited a few rings before Sam was on the other end.
This answer was harder to find. Dean’s hand had rested on his own but that didn’t exactly constitute as handholding. He didn’t want to clarify with his sister what that gesture was or was not though, since he didn’t want her to judge him from his lack of knowledge of these things so he answered with a weak,  “No.”
Waiting for him was a message from Dean.
He needed to stop letting his mind go there because he couldn’t do that. He was already crossing so many lines to begin with but he couldn’t do the most inherently wrong thing he could think of. He could not steal away Cas’s last bit of innocence just because his libido was raging all the time now, no matter how much he wanted to.
Dean gifted him an easy smile. “I’ll probably stop in Colorado and crash there for a night then finish off.”
“I made a mistake.”
We're almost to the end! BUT if you haven't already noticed there will be a part two. :) Right now the plan is just for a timestamp/epilogue but I really love these boys so it might be expanded a bit more.
Dean had gotten the tickets for he and Benny. Not Cas.
“Come on, baby. On your knees. Let me get my hand on you.”
Dean had spent a good amount of time at this particular joint over the years. He liked coming here with his friends to watch a few games or just chill with some beers but on some other occasions he’d found himself here with the intent of something less wholesome. Here, girls were less likely to show up with their cliques of over-excitable friends who giggled every time a dude even looked their way. The girls here seemed more laid back, would come to hang out with their friends and sneak away to talk to a guy they were interested in. They seemed to know what they wanted and were more direct with those wants.
That night Cas stared up at the ceiling of their room, ignoring the gnawing of his stomach. He hadn’t been withheld dinner for quite some time, not since Gabriel had left, and so he was out of the habit of squirreling away extra food in his room. He’d have to get back in the habit.
“I’m right there with you buddy, I’m-” Cas felt Dean fill him, warmth seeping across his body.
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” Cas grumbled while Dean attempted to light what he could admit was a tragically rolled joint.
“I know that Naomi is not your mother,” John started, eyes fixed ahead, “but she’s made a home for us. I expect you to respect her.”
“Is that gonna be a problem?” Charlie asked, her voice rising an octave.
The rest of the break was spent almost relaxing by Novak standards. Dean and Cas only had two hours of made up chores a day instead of the previous six.
Three sharp raps on the doorframe forced Cas to sit himself up. He slipped carefully into his shoes, and walked with a slight limp towards the door. He swung the door open, an expectant Jess a few feet from him, holding the hand of a small child, with dark eyes and dark hair, bouncing on his feet.
Cas tried to bring himself up to his arms. At least he wasn’t tied up anymore. He was thirsty, and the blood from his wounds was crusting over, all the areas of his body which he could feel were covered in his blood. He managed to push himself upright, pain shooting down his left side.
“I’m just fucking with you. It’s not so bad having you around, you make me look smoother by comparison,” Dean said.
“Nah, he refused to be White-Fanged,” Dean said with a shrug, leaning back against the cheap patterned fabric of the bench.
And then Dean kissed him. Cas watched Dean awkwardly retreat into the house, though he stopped to pick up the joint and then the projector like the world’s most apprehensive custodian. Cas stayed where he was, willing the excitement in his pants to go away. Dean kissed him. Dean kissed him. Dean kissed him. Dean left him.
The boy spoke without looking at him, eyes pressed to the ceiling.
“Castiel! What is the meaning of this?” Naomi’s voice ripped through the air.
Cas tried to raise himself up to full height, Claire herself squaring up. He could hear Sam and Charlie’s voices yelling from within, and he started toward the door when the hotbox door quietly swung open.
“Dean, I don’t know how I feel about pirating movies,” Castiel fretted, watching Dean type away at their shared laptop.
“I’m well aware of our biology Dean,” Cas said.
Cas waited for Dean to say more, but it was clear he was done talking. So Cas filled the silence as they drove around for the rest of the morning, searching for another herd. He talked about growing up in that big house in Massachusetts. He talked about Luke’s moods, and Anna’s art, and Gabe’s pranks and the stick up Michael’s ass. He didn’t talk about his father leaving. Or about his mother’s withdrawal. He didn’t talk about the outbreak.
“And I’m sure your influence has something to do with Castiel’s new moral weakness. Perhaps a year apart will benefit him,” Naomi sneered.
“So you tryna fuck her or what?” Dean asked, and then immediately regretted it. God he sounded so gross.
“Why not take me too?”
“Shouldn’t you be sitting with your freak brother over there?” Gordon sneered.
“Hungry?” Dean asked.
Dean waved awkwardly, and the two boys walked out onto the street. They were silent for a while. Dean enjoying the soft crunch of the gravel and the night air on his sweaty face. He tried to walk carefully, but he felt the alcohol sway his feet. Despite the wobbliness, it still felt nice. Dean started to get why John drank so much. If he hadn’t drank, he would probably give a shit that everyone had seen him talking to Cas that night and would lump them together. But now he could just focus on the good feeling in his stomach and the warmth in his chest, and didn’t have to think about anything bad, why wouldn’t he want to feel like that all the time and-
“Richard Roman killed the world.”
He was spared answering while footsteps creaked somewhere overhead. Whether there were Croats or scared coeds above them, there was no difference. Desperation brought out the worst in everyone, and Dean knew blood would be shed over even a mediocre hiding spot. Sam, being his paranoid father’s paranoid son, had already created a makeshift shelter, dug out underneath his suite’s floorboards, with water, snacks, and more importantly, guns. And if Dean were to drag him away from perhaps the only shelter for miles, he ought to have a freakin plan. But of course he didn’t think about that before he invaded his brother’s hideout, blindly running from the truth. Now he was just using up the precious resources his little brother could have been using to survive longer.
“Hold your tongue,” Naomi snapped.
“Dean? Are you alright?” Cas said, just as Dean vomited on their shoes.
It was even more uncomfortable when they reached the trucks, Claire relegated to the back seat, now with Castiel’s gun on her instead.
“Why don’t you tell her you’re starting a Christian club or something?”
It started with an olive tree. Andrea had discovered a tree growing in some abandoned backyard, and convinced Benny to transplant it by the river. It was a good project, and Castiel aided in planting more. It was one of the few things he could do after Dean was taken-- if he was planting he didn’t have to talk to anybody about what happened. He could just let the heat beat his back, and try to bring life into the barren world.
“What the hell am I smelling,” Cas only managed to hold his tongue for the amount of time it took for Ash to sit back.
“What’s hunting like?” Cas asked quietly.
Dean felt dozens of eyes on him, shame rooting him to the spot. He couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, he wanted to melt into the floor, he wanted to-
It was carnage. The water colors were indistinguishable from wet confetti. The acrylics fared slightly better, but the figures were warped, the red of Charlie’s hair and the blue of Dean’s denim rubbed into the rotted wood.
Dean started the flatbed again, heading straight for the hole in the fence, the light of the dawn touching their destination as if it were some sort of profound symbol, though Dean had learned to ignore these long ago.
If they lived past tomorrow, Dean would tell Cas he loved him every goddamn day.
As they gutted the deer and Cas felt his nausea rise, he knew it had nothing to do with the carcass in front of him.
Cas was sitting on his bed, hunched forward looking at his hands.
Downstairs, breakfast was sedate. For once, Dean wisely held his tongue, even after Naomi announced that she was taking away their bikes.
“Right, yeah. I’ll take the first watch bud, you get some sleep,” Dean said, standing firm.
Dean went beet red, “I, uh, I’m working on it. Obviously. It’s hard to find time alone, especially with you hanging around all the time.”
Dean gave himself a quick squeeze over his boxers, before reaching for the lotion by his bedside. Dean ran a teasing finger across the head, before lazily pumping the shaft, his cock fattening in his grip. Dean worked his wrist faster, thinking of Lisa’s hand on him, and definitely not thinking of his step brother getting it on. Dean worked himself up to full hardness, canting his hips up into his fist until all too soon he was spilling over himself.
at him. All the fucking time.  Looking at him like he was worth something. Like he could actually help somebody. Like he was a hero. That kind of raw admiration was dangerous, and if Dean were to stop lying to himself for a minute, he would admit he was growing used to it.
“By interesting, I hope you mean incredibly twisted,” Ellen strode back into the room, and made room for herself beside Ash.
Though it wasn’t his fault they were caught, Dean refused to speak to him for the rest of the weekend. On Monday he kept up his usual routine of sprinting from the car. Castiel thanked Mr. Winchester for the ride, and quietly streamed into the school. He did his best to ignore his fellow classmates. Castiel resented the fact that he had to go to school at all, but apparently John impressed upon Naomi the importance of young boys socializing with kids their own age, and seeing as Dean was starting high school, Castiel should too.
“Should we get an apartment instead of risking the dorms?” Dean asked, “I don’t know who else will put up with your weird ass.”
Then Dean prodded a knot inside him, and Cas cried out, dazed by a sharp pleasure ripping through him.
“We’re not at the barn,” Dean said, removing his hands with a flourish, “We’re spending a night in Venice.”
They waited a week, longer than any Croat transformation. And when Jo tumbled out of the room, still healthy flesh and blood, they were too relieved to celebrate. Ash got to work manufacturing more doses, while Cas and Dean came up with a distribution plan. They’d head to the Winchester camp first, of course, vaccinate everyone. And from there, they’d send emissaries to survivor camps. Cas only knew of a few, but they would surely know of more.
“So the little boy’s got an attitude?” The man got to his knees, and inched too close to Castiel’s face.
Garth, who had been a plumber in the days before Croat-Ville, has been working on some sort of pump-well system, to deliver fresh water to everyone at camp. That way they could continuously pump in the water they would need, instead of a few unlucky souls having to travel to the reservoir once a day to get enough. Garth promised it would be finished in the next year or so.
“I’m not glaring,” Dean said, though he couldn’t mask his sharp inhale when Cas ran his hand through Alan’s hair. Why the fuck was this bothering him so much? Who did this kid think he was, crashing their party and then draping himself all over Cas.
Jo did her best as a sniper perched on top of the truck, but soon they were overwhelming the factory doors, and she was forced to hop into the cab of the truck to reload. While Ellen and Bobby took out the Croats coming towards the truck, Ash frantically locked up the back before shooting his way back up to the cab.
Three weeks later
“We both well know you never succeeded in your New Years Resolution,” Cas teased, and that seemed like enough to talk because Dean got closer, teasing the head in and out, before Cas whined and Dean struck home.
“You don’t have to insult me to cover up your want to be near me,” Cas sighed, and Dean felt his face flush. He knows he started it. Knows he’s the one who crawled into Cas’s bed. Knows that he kissed first, knows that he couldn’t keep his stupid mouth shut, or his stupid mouth to himself.
“But you’re just getting started and you’ve got a good head on your shoulders.”
“It really isn’t an appropriate outlet for exercise,” she said, drinking tea.
“That angle could work,” Cas said thoughtfully.
“I, uh, well, I just don’t know. Sure there have been rescue missions, but never has someone actually managed to walk into camp uninfected. This has just never happened before,” Chuck rambled on, his hands flying ecstatically.
Dean patted the bed next to him and waited until Jack sat down to finally say it, struggling with having to say it again out loud—the words tasting like bile on his tongue.
“Too far.” He concluded, unable to fathom pulling himself away. He decided spit would have to do. With that thought he pulled his hand away and spit enough to coat his fingers before bringing them back to their destination. He didn’t hesitate to start with pressing one in right away and Cas was all too eager to accept it.
There was something about Chuck’s demeanor that made Castiel feel inexplicably joyful for his father. Maybe it was in the way that his dad’s eyes shone more brightly at the moment, or how his eyes crinkled as he smiled. He figured if anyone looked hard enough, maybe that’s how he looked when he was near Dean.
Cas had never seen Dean’s eyes quite so alert, perhaps alarmed, but still his friend was nodding in agreement.
Cas must’ve noticed his wakefulness because he stretched into a yawn and snuffled back into Dean’s chest. “My thighs are sore.”
If fingers felt that good, he couldn’t imagine what it’d feel like to have all of Dean inside him but for now he’d take what he could get because—
“I’m not really sure,” Dean admitted. “But he warded himself and doesn’t want to be found.”
“Ah… you’re tickling me now? Oh no!”
He felt pleasantly warm at the moment, an obvious contrast from his thoughts from before but still not enough to keep his mind from swirling. How was it in a few hours time he went from fretting over Dean’s lack of touch to reading into the reasons Dean was allowing him the comfort of his arms? Where did they stand? Was this a gesture out of friendship or out of their arrangement? Had Dean, too, noticed that they’d hardly touched one another in the near week that Sam had been gone? That it’d been two since they’d had sex?
Cas eyed the bottle wearily, but kept his mouth shut.
Dean glanced at him then, facing him, but his eyes a million miles away.
“Read it and weep Winchester,” Charlie taunted.
“I didn’t know you were capable of calling it something other than intercourse, way to go buddy.”
“Don’t be Cassie, we’re almost safe,” she said, her words surprisingly sweet for someone holding a deadly weapon.
“Happy New Year Cas.”
“Tell me you need me,” Dean groaned, rolling down Cas’s briefs, grasping at his swollen length.
“Dean, you’re crushing me,” Cas said after a while.
“Whatever we want,” Dean said confidently.
“Where would we even go?” Sam whispered back.
“Thank you, for that. Though I would appreciate it if you did not take the Lord’s name in vain, even in my defence.”
“Maybe you could come by and read them? I know your mom isn’t big on fun,” Charlie said with a laugh.
Dean whipped his head up, and saw Meg Masters, the creepy goth senior leaning Cas up against a wall, Cas trying to squirm away from where she’d boxed him in without using his strength against her.
Thank whatever fucked up God the Novak’s prayed to that Naomi left Sammy out of her little power games. While the kid wasn’t golden in her eyes like he was with John, even she knew that he was off limits.
She paused at Dean’s side, and reached up to give him a quick punch in the arm, “Thanks.”
“I forgive you,” Cas said slowly.
Cas trusted Dean, more than the man would probably ever know, but putting his life on the line for a tiny vaccine concocted from the back of a moving vehicle tested that faith.
Cas stared at the  cracked wood ceiling. His hip acted up the most in the morning, and Castiel was having trouble willing himself to at least roll over. He fingered the coarse sheets beneath him, on the bed which hadn’t been ‘Dean’s bed’ for a long time. There had been a silent agreement between them, Sam doing his best to bury Dean’s memory, and Cas wishing to wallow in it. The switch had done both of them good, perhaps.
Cas and Dean watched from the roof of their cabin as the citizens of the camp lined up for the vaccine in the center pit. There was an electric atmosphere bubbling over, and Cas felt his chest drum with excitement. The past few weeks with Dean hadn’t felt real. His dream, their dream, was finally coming true.
“I don’t understand your fixation on your bedspread,” Castiel said, carefully putting down his small suitcase.
“Already done,” Dean grunted.
Exhausted from moving boxes, Dean fell asleep right away, not even bothering to brush his teeth. That night he dreamed he was back in his real house. He wandered down the stairs, fingers dragging along the bannister, and there was Mary in the kitchen, pulling a pie out of the oven in a white ceramic dish with handpainted flowers. Dean remembers painting those flowers on together, though they turned out smudgy, Mary said she loved them anyway.
“The key is to aim just behind the shoulder,” Dean said, interrupting Cas’ thoughts. While he’d been lost in thought, the car pulled up over the lip of a hill, a few hundred yards from where a large group of deer were grazing by the river. He was normally more alert, and Cas told himself to be more vigilant from now on.
“I’m sure you didn’t do it on purpose. You’re too kind for that,” Dean said, “Uh, not to sound like a girl.”
Before he could crawl away, Cas leaned up slowly, and wrapped his arms around Dean tightly.
Sam straightened, pulling himself up so he looked eye to eye with Dean, using his height to muster up some authority to use against his older brother.
“I mean, Naomi,” Sam corrected, face red.
“Am I unattractive? If I am you should tell me now.”
They walked the rest of the way home in silence.
“I gotta do my due diligence now in case the old girl goes and decides to leave me out of her will,” Gabe said, stretched out in the back seat of the Impala.
“That’s alright,” he said, before pushing him back down, before pulling out a long knife, longer than Castiel’s face.
“Thank you Charlie,” Castiel said, and realized that she walked him all the way to his math class when she doubled back to go to her own.
The same killer gaze fell upon Cas, and he tried not to squirm.
“Anything we want, Cas,” Dean said, and Cas believed him.
“Next time we’re stealing candles, need to see you,” Dean said, running his hands over Cas’s hips, carefully avoiding his straining cock.
Cas wheezed out the end of the story, and he could faintly make out Dean’s smile as they pulled up to the gates of camp. The smile turned into a scowl when Charlie and Claire pulled up behind them, six massive deer crowding the flatbed and roof of their truck.
Dean dropped Cas off at Meg’s place, before swinging by to pick up Lisa. They chattered easily on their way to the drive in that some farmer set up to make money during the fallow season.
“Amelia will be fine,” Cas bit out.
“And what happens to bad adults?”
Castiel nodded eagerly. Though he didn’t look forward to the task of convincing addicts they’d be happier with Jesus than vice, he knew this was the best case scenario. Well, so far. He of course had the ulterior motive of repairing his friendship with Charlie, and hopefully demonstrating interest in her activities would build a bridge between them.
“Stop right there bud, this ain’t an antidote, just a vaccine,” Ash’s voice felt like an ice bucket.
Dean managed to keep Cas busy for the rest of the day, gathering wood with Kevin, helping Benny make cakes, overseeing Charlie’s moonshine to make sure it didn’t kill anybody. Dean took over the more boring camp duties. There was a dispute over who had dibs on some clothes from the latest haul. A pregnant woman who’d lost her partner in the city needed to be brought all her meals. He had new resource trips to plan. Greenhouse plans to approve. Material hunting for yet another expansion of the camp’s perimeter. A little society to run.
Together, they strode past Dean’s own cabin, and stopped at Charlie’s. Dean pounded at the frame.
Cas woke up from a nightmare with Dean against his back, wrapping strong arms around his middle.
“We can’t sleep there, it’s not covered from the rain,” Dean sighed.
“You really know your way around that huh?” she said.
An odd heat curled in his belly as Cas moaned around his fingers, and it took Dean a beat too long to snatch them away.
Dean stopped sitting with them at lunch, and Alan happily took the empty seat by Cas, as the ban on “ghost freaks” lifted as soon as Dean remembered his proper place as a jock.
“Yeah, we had a blast,” Dean said.
“Our boys have done well,” Naomi said from her seat on the couch.
“This is why Bobby pays me cash,” Dean grumbled, biting into a corn dog while Cas refilled the slushie machine.
“Shut up,” John said.
“Stop teasing me or I’m going to come before you can get inside of me,” Cas gasped.
Dean’s voice shook as he peeled back Cas’s underwear, and Cas hissed as the sensitive tip hit the cold air. Dean quickly took the head into his mouth, and Cas groaned at the heat. Dean suckled at the head, lightly stroking the shaft with his free hand, the other forearm resting heavily against Cas’s bare stomach. Cas felt himself squirming, overwhelmed by the attention, but Dean held him down.
“Having a “girlfriend” might take a target off your back,” Dean whispered.
Dean knocked on the door in 3 short raps, and the door swung out easily. Jo leaned against the cabinet in the walkway, her arms crossed. Dean pushed past the girl, leaving Cas to squeeze through. Though Jo granted him what seemed like a solitary inch of space, he managed to make it past her, and take a spot next to Dean, who had parked across from Ellen.
“I’m fine, brother, just give me a minute to get dressed.” Benny warbled out, still clearly feeling last night, and Cas watched him flounder out of bed, avoiding putting any sort of pressure on his right hand.
Dean gathered Cas up, bridal style, and carried him into the ensuite, careful not to spill the cum pooling on Cas’s stomach, though there was nothing to be done for the mess leaking out of him but clench and hope they wouldn’t have to explain any carpet stains.
Cas whipped around, his body blocking the fucking entrance to the school, and stuck his finger in Dean’s face.
“You again.” Lisa crossed her arms, making her five foot four inch stature seem all the more intimidating to Meg’s five foot three.
“I know, I know,” Dean said, though he felt a sudden, inexplicable sorrow prick his sides and burrow its way into his body.
“Beats me. I don’t get how anyone is attracted to dudes anyway,” Dean said quickly, “Though this veggietales case will come in handy, I wonder if we could use the printer to make more.”
“Cas, shit,” Dean bit out, groaning as Cas increased speed.
“I’m afraid. I don’t think I feel as boys are meant to,” Castiel looked away, watching the snow seep through his pants, darkening the fabric, though the chill was a welcome distraction from the conversation at hand.
“And so Gabe had placed lube inside Michael’s hand-sanitizer, and what probably wasn’t imitation dog feces on the front door knob. So when Michael came inside, disgusted, he reached for the sanitizer bottle, and ended up squirting the lube all over his suit. And when he tried to pick up the bottle to throw at Gabe, it kept slipping through his fingers. Finally he gave up and just tackled him.”
The siblings picked up and left their sprawling Massachusetts mansion after their father failed to return from his golf retreat in Miami and their mother failed to return from her skiing vacation in Aspen. Michael took on the role of patriarch, and the Novak’s fell in line.
“Naomi. They’ve been your slaves for months. It’s Christmas,” John said.
“Jesus Christ Meg, what is it gonna take for you to leave that kid alone?” Lisa said, and a few people murmured their assent behind her.
Cas saw Dean’s fist clench, and rushed the other boy upstairs before he did something they couldn’t come back from.
“Cas, how’re we gonna do this?” Dean asked, his breath hot on Cas’s ear.
“Well we know it won’t kill us,” Ash said, “Tested it out on myself.”
“Dean, I don’t know how to tell you this,” Cas sighed, putting his brush down.
Cas sighed and dropped onto the mattress, and Dean stayed standing, eyes fixed on the ceiling.
“I’m not a baby,” Sam griped, snatching the juice away, but Naomi’s attention stayed on Castiel.
Castiel tried to stare the man in front of him down. That's what Dean would have done. It only made him laugh, a harsh, irritating sound.
“But what about like, STI’s and stuff,” Dean said.
“Jess,” she said softly, the fight leaving her voice, as she allowed Sam to maneuver her out into the night.
“Dean, I haven’t slept on a mattress in several years, please allow me to catch up on lost time,” Castiel grumbled. Not even Dean was exempt from his morning crankiness.
She patted him quickly on the back, “Get on in there, kid.”
“You and Winchester are brothers?” she demanded.
Dean just looked at him with a smirk, arms folded. Well. Cas couldn’t let that stand. Slowly, Cas walked to the sink, and before Dean could move, sprayed him with the hose attachment to the sink.
He trusted his heart though, and in his heart, this felt right—this was where he was meant to be. Terrified yet certain in his actions, Castiel knocked. His heart was in his throat as the two minutes he waited for the door to unlock ticked away, the slowest minutes he’d ever endured.
Suddenly Jo’s wide brown eyes narrowed in Victor’s direction. She kept her voice low to not key the other members of their group into their conversation but she was downright lethal in her whispered words to Vic. “You told them?”
about all of it, but it didn’t make sense to him.
At that moment Dean wanted nothing more than to pull him close and kiss him gently, savor the moment as softly as he could after the thrill of their rendezvous. But knowing that it wouldn’t be welcome, he settled with running his hand over Cas’s back comfortingly.
“He said what?” Fury burned hot in his chest but he tried to reign it in for her sake.
Castiel’s heart was racing but he nodded his affirmation. On unsteady feet he walked inside, not sure if he could even make it to the living room. What was going to happen? He’d never known his mother to not get her way—a snake he’d heard her called before by one of her friends, they’d said it like it was a good thing but now Castiel was starting to understand. She always found a way to get what she wanted.
The prospect of Dean coming home early made Cas unreasonably happy but he didn’t want to get his hopes up.
With a frown he held out his hand, asking Cas to join them on the couch and transferred their daughter over to him with the promise of going to make them some hot chocolate.
Perfection, sheer perfection was the feeling of Cas’s weight fully rested across Dean’s back. Delicious peace washed over him as they stayed connected and unwilling to move.
“You just want me to suck your dick,” Cas joked, knowing he was going to give in to his base desires.
“How about some hot chocolate?”
“Okay.”
“Cas,” Dean panted against his lips before moving to kiss his jawline.
“Of course! Of course, I wanted to. I want you to feel happy here.”
Cas must’ve agreed since he turned towards Benny, abandoning his homework, and looked ready to dish it all out.
Dean had already teared up twice that day (if anyone were to blame for that it would be Bobby and Ellen for being too goddamn amazing; they’d gifted Dean and Cas three matching envelopes with sizeable trust funds for Sammy, Emma, and Alexandria) but damnit if traitorous tears weren’t finding their way to the corner of his eyes again from Cas’s words.
His hand hit a solid figured and he jerked back, slamming himself against the wall. It was dark all around him and it took a few rapid breaths to realize he was in his dorm room.
“Well you’re wearing this tonight. Okay?”
“Have you guys seen his flower collection? It’s so cool.” Dean’s proud beaming smile made Castiel flush a little at the praise.
Castiel can remember the first thing he’d ever pressed, a maple leaf, perfectly shaped, found in central park on a walk he’d taken with his caretaker Hael. Seeing his enthusiasm for the leaf she’d taken him home and shown him how to press it between the pages of a dictionary to keep it forever. From there, his love for plants had stemmed though Hael’s tolerance of his newfound obsessed waned quickly.
He was torn between waking Dean up or hauling himself back over to Hannah’s but the thought of walking across campus sounded awful. He was too tired and too wobbly on his legs to think it was a good idea. And he was already
“I used to fear what drugs would do,” Cas said, staring up, “but I only feel free now. And I only have your corrupting influence to thank.”
Dean pulled away, and saw Cas check himself out in the mirror, patting his face carefully.
“Ok, I’m beyond pissed Meg dragged Lisa into this, but you might need to ease off the “not my girlfriend schtick,” Dean whispered.
A group was starting to cluster, and Dean felt his palms starting to sweat. He had to say something. What would he say? Shit, shit, shi-
"You did the right thing, you know that, don't you Dean?" Cas spoke quietly, "Those people that died, they tried to, and would have, killed you."
It was strange. While Naomi’s house was never bustling, the stunning quiet that settled over their home was almost too much to bear. Cas was practically catatonic these days. Naomi, terrified of her own weakness, had Cas dote on her while she pressed on at her law practice. At least that explained why Naomi’s eye hadn’t been so watchful these days-- but it was hard to see Cas so empty. He hadn’t seen him cry yet. The school year ended with a whisper.
“You can’t honestly be comfortable with risking your life for a mission you know nothing about and people you just met,” he wagered.
Dean’s jaw tightened as he remembered how carefully he held the blood in his mouth, mindful of spilling onto the carpet. That would only set John off. He hated the blood.
“No way,” Dean was staring down at the Impala’s keys, heavy and perfect in his hands.
Claire moved her hand from Cas’s chest to his shoulder.
At seven, the family rose for Sunday Service. The air was heavy with the coming rain. The gray morning didn’t help with Cas’s fatigue, and he found himself blinking slowly during the sermon. Cas clenched his body, willing his eyes to stay open, but his head felt so so heavy, and there was nothing he could do to stop it’s slow descent down towards his chest. His head snapped up, but he couldn’t help the sleepy cycle.
“Sleep well, Dean.”
Cas rolled his eyes, but waved Dean on.
“Yes mother.”
“Mother, may I join an after school activity?”
“But how will we know it works?” Claire said, peering closely at Ash’s solution.
“I don’t know what I can do for you, besides encouraging Mr. Masters to join my mother’s program.”
Dean watched Cas's eyes widen, so he quickly added, "I-uh, never killed any of them. But pretty much any injury out there was a death sentence anyway. So I guess I have that on my head."
Dean locked his eyes upon the road once more
“The first shot is gonna scatter the herd, so we’ll go at the same time. I’m going for the big buck, right there,” Dean pointed past Cas’ shoulder, to the biggest deer Cas had ever seen.
Dean nodded once, then turned to Sam.
“Where is Dean?” Naomi asked.
“Because Dean is sitting over there, and looks very much like he’d like to be sitting here, if his long glances over here mean anything,” Charlie said.
The movie rolled, Dean couldn’t help stealing glances at Cas and Alan throughout the werezombievampire adventure, especially when Alan kept giggling at whatever Cas’s commentary was. At one point, Alan put his head in Cas’s lap like he was his boyfriend or something.
“I, I don’t have a crush on Dean. He’s my brother now. And he’s a boy,” Castiel stuttered out.
“This is Alan, he’s our intern,” Harry called, waving Alan over.
“You know, hell and everything?” Dean hated how small he sounded.
Dean heard Cas swallow, audibly, before continuing,"I must say I am eternally grateful for your service, but, this is, is, a fool's errand. Why are you helping me?"
“We’re doing important work!” Ed chirped.
“Say it.”
“Where are you going?” he heard Castiel call after him, but he ignored it. He had a life to start.
“Look at me, Dean,” Cas commanded, and Dean felt his eyes snap open.
“Hmm, so sensitive,” Dean gave the purpling head tiny kitten licks.
“Maybe once or twice,” Dean said, “Now let’s get out of here, it’s cold as shit.”
“Well, him and Ellen. They both worked over at Roman Enterprises before the outbreak,” Dean explained. Cas nodded, he remembered vaguely that Roman Enterprises was some sort of biotech firm.
“Don’t be modest, you’ve done well on your own,” Cas said flipping through their college prep book, “Have you considered the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign? It has a robust array of engineering programs which may interest you.”
Though now, Charlie’s friendship was a little inconvenient. He didn’t care if she knew that he and Dean lived together, but he knew that Dean would be upset if the news spread further. But, if Charlie already knew, and to his knowledge Charlie was not present at the party last night, then everyone probably knew by now.
“Dean, I can’t believe it. You did it,” Sam looked near tears.
The rest of the week went by in a blur. The ghost boys began joining Charlie, Cas, and Kevin at lunch, and for the first time Castiel felt like he had a circle of friends. Dean didn’t join them, still sitting with his rude sports friends, but he did wave with a smile. On Friday, Naomi picked Cas up for a trip to the clinic, shoving a box of pamphlets in his lap.
“What! No way,” Dean shook his head. That was the goddamn last thing he expected Cas to say.
“Oh, yeah, definitely,” Dean said, “I’m there.”
“You know, everyone thinks I’m a nice guy,” Dean tried.
“Looks like the virgins have decided to form a pack,” Gordon said, disinterestedly gesturing his head to Cas’ table.
Dean avoided watching him leave. Ever since Andrea had made it into camp, the big bear had become off limits. Instead, Dean looked down at the exhausted teen staring back at him.
“And now all we need to do is finish the formula, and find some way to distribute it,” Bobby spoke up, leaning against the doorway.
“I usually just let it pass,” Cas forced out. Whenever he touched himself in the past, it was always Dean’s face, Dean’s body against his, and he felt so sick and guilty that he stopped.
“I do.”
Knowing that even the dismal four hours Dean usually slumbered weren’t enough as it was, zero hours was significantly worse. With much persistence and some arguing (though not as much as anticipated) Castiel convinced his friend to allow small traces of Grace to aid his sleep. It helped for a few nights before it didn’t.
Castiel had come to the city with a fresh new degree and was in desperate need of a roommate. He’d met with a handful of random people with partially sketchy listings online but no one seemed to mesh with him well. If he weren’t desperate to find housing before his first day of work he might have raised his standards a little bit but at that time it was starting to look like he’d be stuck rooming with a smarmy man who introduced himself to Castiel as the King of Hell.
“Kali is… an interesting character,” Cas offered diplomatically and Dean could feel himself roll his eyes. His friend had a knack for underplaying other people’s shortcomings.
Stop it
He walked through his front door after Dean dropped him off, hugging Cas tightly at the doorstep before heading back to his car. Castiel had had a truly great night. He was now certain he would remember it for a long time. He knew he wanted to journal about it later, but first he knew Hannah would want to hear about the parade, she’d asked him to tell her about how the night went before he left that afternoon. He set out to find her.
When Cas’s breathing finally settled down Dean cradled his face to wipe away some of the tear streaks. He frowned at the embarrassed look on his husband’s face.
It was Gabriel who opened Cas’s present.
It wasn’t a no, and that somehow made Dean just a smidge less nervous.
He stood up and shouldered his backpack before picking up his trash from the table and turning to walk away.
He couldn't begin to imagine the way Cas must have described Dean as a partner. He knew he wasn't a great one, he didn't do enough special things for his boyfriend as he should have. He was fully aware of his inability to share his feelings and let people in, but he’d been working on it. And fuck, he knew he didn’t take Cas out to nice places as often as he could have or brought him flowers just because but...  he just didn't think he'd been so awful that it meant Cas's whole family needed to give him the cold shoulder.
“And now you’re experienced!” Dean declared. “Anyone would be willing to do you.”
It was different with Cas and Dean didn’t know (or didn’t want to know) why.
Dean completely melted into it, relishing in the way those chapped lips fit so perfectly against his own. It grew hungrier and more desperate as Dean begged for entry into Cas’s mouth, tangling their tongues together in a battle for dominance. Suddenly, Dean was pressed against the wall at the bottom of the stairs as Castiel molded every curve of their bodies together. It was impossible to contain the moan that escaped him at the feel of Cas’s solid form against his own.
“You need to know that I never intended to hurt Dean.”
Dean that he wouldn’t have to do anything, that this arrangement would be solely based on Cas giving the pleasure… he didn’t want Dean to hate him for changing the dynamic.
“That’s almost exactly what Dean said.” Cas thought he saw tears starting to brim in her eyes but she sniffed it them back quicker than they came. “Speaking of… he wanted me to give you this.” She held out an envelope and crossed the room to place it in Cas’s outstretched hand.
Cas wanted a lot of things but above all he wanted one thing most. “How’s Dean?”
Dean’s face was painted with confusion. Why was Cas acting like he didn’t know? "Cas, it's the reason you left me."
As soon as he heard his phone chime his chest filled with warm anticipation.
“Cas…”
should not be apologizing.” Dean asserted, stepping into Cas’s space. “I can’t believe how Anna treats you. And that’s how your older brothers treat you too?”
He found himself twisting his ring absentmindedly, wondering if Dean too still looked at it sometimes in awe, remembering that it meant they belonged to each other. Dean was
Dean wrung his fingers through his hair, making it stand up on end. “I’ve had a shit day Cas and then I come home to this? It fucking sucks.”
“This morning at eight.”
Cas looked over at Gabriel again, his thoughts having drifted away. “My what?” He asked.
“Your mother saw me coming out of your room.”
Castiel felt something in his chest weaken, hearing those words. It’s not as if he’d never heard them before—no this was far from the first time someone had point out his oddities. Yet hearing his sister tell his friend, his best friend, that he wasn’t mentally alright felt like a slap in the face.
Every summer for four years he’d gone back to that house and checked. Hoping upon hope that maybe he’d see even a glimpse of that dark brown hair and those tan lines he’d fallen for. Just to know that it’d been real, that they’d been real. He’d gotten the memo after the fourth summer; he had only been a summer fling. Backwoods boys don’t make true loves.
“You do! But you’re refusing to tell me what has got you all freaked out. Dean, just talk to me please? Why are you being so pigheaded about this?”
He wondered if Dean wanted him to revert back to using it—though the chair no longer had a place in his room somehow disappearing not long after Dean had seen him occupying it. It wouldn’t be a hassle to go seek one out from another part of the bunker if the other man requested so.
Dean shook his head like he didn’t want to hear it anymore. Like he didn’t care.
course I do
The elder hunter tossed back and forth, punching his pillow into submission each time he turned. With every creak of the bed and rustle of the sheets Castiel found himself growing more uncomfortable in the kitchenette’s rickety dining chair, albeit not physically.
It felt like, somehow, this present would give him some answers. Dean knew what
Instantly he was gifted with the sounds of Cas’s pleasured sighs and that sound alone made Dean want to discover each and every sound his guy could make. He let his hands roam around, rubbing and kneading every part of Cas’s skin he could reach.
“Yes.” The answer was as simple as breathing.
Castiel threw his bag and keys onto the dining room table. “I don’t want to do this.”
“Dude, yeah. I want to see your collections you’ve been telling me about.”
He’d try to at least, with everything in his power. He’d try.
Dean paused for a little bit. Was he okay? Not really. He still felt raw and tattered and he knew it’d be a while before he’d be able to see Ellen’s name on his phone without thinking the worst. But everyone was safe. Bobby was still alive and kicking, Ellen was sure as shit going to put the poor man on a diet, Jo and Ash were probably wrapped around each other at the moment, his kids were safe, and Dean had the love of his life in his arms. In the grand scheme of things he was okay. Or he would be.
Cas’s voice was gruff as it came out. “Grace is a product of God’s love. It’s pure and… fickle, if you will. The tether cannot be tainted or else it breaks.”
“I miss you too.” There was a pregnant pause between them before Gabriel asked, “You’re probably going back with him for Christmas too?”
It’s nothing special.
“What’s her name?”
Dean cut him off with a chuckle. “I meant will you be okay walking by yourself or do you want me to take you?” Dean asked. He looked like he’d be willing to drive Castiel home if he liked but Castiel could tell the other boy was tired and probably wanted to go to bed.
He allowed himself time to process but didn’t once look away from Cas’s stare. He knew what he needed to do. The darkness that weighed in his gut as Castiel brought his future into light told him everything he’d already known. This was a mistake. He couldn’t do it. He’d wanted to find love and a family so badly he’d gotten sucked into this fantasy romance where he convinced himself he was happy.
So Cas did. One, two, three small licks and then he was certain he wanted to take it a step further. Moving his mouth to the base of Dean’s shaft, Castiel flattened his tongue and dragged it all the way to the top savoring the taste of
“Okay, well I’ll let you get back to your eventful life.”
He knew he hadn’t been feeling like himself lately, more forgetful, more tense, but he didn’t think he was letting things slide that much. Yeah, maybe he and Dean weren’t exactly seeing eye to eye on things and Cas, admittedly, hadn’t been the best version of himself but to do this?
“My grandmother, she owns the place.” Patience answered plainly.
Be honest with me please <3
“No. No. I should have asked. I shouldn’t have assumed.”
“No and I’m not gonna.”
Please
“Of course I am.”
He’d thought he was being brave in telling Dean how he felt. He thought that maybe Dean would get the courage to tell Cas that he wasn’t cool with how things were and that he too had feelings and they should maybe give this a real shot…
“What’s your name?” Castiel asked suddenly, needing to know.
Tears pricked the corners his eyes as he wondered if Dean even knew how loved he truly was.
He needed to get off now.
“No?” Hannah said curiously, pausing the game and turning fully towards him. “What kind of flowers?” Castiel melted a little at her sincere smile. Hannah never failed to make him feel as if she wanted him around.
Fuck. Dean had to be the one to ask him just to cuddle last night and it was clear Cas only agreed because Dean had been down in the dumps earlier.
Only Dean kept asking questions.
“Dean…” As calmly as he could, he opened his mouth to explain but Dean cut him off.
“No, honey, it’s his fault,” Hannah replied, stroking his hair. “He knew what he was doing taking advantage of you.”
“Have you ever?”
He knew she had a point yet he found himself thinking back to the way Dean always asked if Cas was okay… the way Dean pulled him close when they cuddled and made sure Cas was content. How could his friend who cared so much about his feelings hurt him? No, Castiel was sure Dean wouldn’t be the one to hurt him.
But fuck, did he wish that wasn’t true.
He let himself fall to the side, giving himself a few moments before he had to crawl out of bed and clean the two of them up.
“I will.”
The short walk to the door he prayed that Cas wouldn’t be uncaring enough to bring the guy back to their place. He didn’t know what he would do. His heart was racing as he reached for the door handle, hoping he had the strength to deal with this.
By Cas’s sounds alone, Dean knew his friend loved this. But with his socks and the angle he couldn’t quite get the momentum he needed to make it even better. Knowing he needed a little more he shifted onto his back pulling Cas with him until Cas’s back was solid against his chest. Automatically Cas spread his legs wider giving Dean the space he needed to drive into Cas’s willing body.
“Our time together, in the grand scheme of things, is finite Dean. And for me... it means I want to engrave every single moment I have with you into memory, each and every moment I get to spend in your presence, even while you sleep because someday…. Someday I’ll want to remember what it felt like to feel the magic of your breath against my skin, to remember the way you smell right after a shower, and how gentle your eyes look when you wake up and smile at me. I want every moment I can share with you…. Whatever you’ll give me.”
I’m mad at you but I love it.
Per usual, their meal was eaten together with a few other hunters from the apocalypse world joining in, although, Dean took time to chat with only Sam and Jack, making his silence with Castiel all the more apparent.
“Not at all,” Cas replied plainly. His words appeared to have startled Dean, as the other man’s features changed rapidly from cautious to confused.
Cas laughed at Dean’s assessment of the room. “Bossed me around the whole time, but he had so much fun.”
“Okay?”
“If you do… maybe you could stop by home for a couple of days or a week? If you want.”
For the life of him, he couldn’t understand how someone could talk about a family member the way Anna was speaking of her own brother. Dean could feel anger rising up inside of him and the need to verbally put her in her place was dominating. If she’d have been a dude he would have actually considered punching her, but he backed down, knowing that it wouldn’t look good to cause a scene the first time ever being invited to Cas’s house.
Castiel looked back towards his father’s office, wondering where he was at the moment and why his siblings had just shown up unexpectedly.
“Yeah I got about ten more minutes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course, we can establish rules, if that makes you more comfortable.”
His friend turned to walk away but Dean didn’t let him get far.
He waited another week before he tired again, reasoning that maybe Dean’s father had taken his number down incorrectly.
It was then that Dean realized the two of them had made it outside and were headed in their direction of home. He figured since they were going in the same direction he might as well get to know the guy he’d picked up off the ground twice already.
The prospect of the ten-hour drive back to the bunker had even a grunting and groaning Dean acquiesce to staying one more night at the motel.
“You sure?”
It’s how he got here in the first place, getting out there and striking out with a frat boy to end up doing something stupid like asking his best friend in the entire world to take his virginity… it was on brand for him, being stupid.
He was waiting in Dean’s old room when Mary knocked on the door and peeked in.
He didn’t see a problem with receiving a hug from her though, she was kind to him like Dean and Sam. It must be a Winchester personality trait, he thought.
The blue-eyed boy was laser focused on his task, getting Dean out of his pants and underwear before engulfing Dean’s cock in his mouth. And holy shit it was so good. Always so fucking good. How could it feel so fucking good every single time Cas put his mouth on him?
“You—you crave it?”
“Oh… I was… I was thinking it could just be me and you.”
“Good, good.” Cole responded cheerily. “We were just asking Cas here how you two know each other. You two friends from school or something?”
“Jack, I’m not sure Sam would agree to that.”
“Again?” She asked, sounding a little put out, though she knew it was her and Dean’s deal for her and her friends to get free coffee weekly.
“Of course.”
Dean nodded in solidarity. He realized too that he had been missing his friends. Benny was an awesome dude and a lot of fun to hang out with. It was shame that Dean hadn’t been seeking out his company as much anymore when they were still able to. Adult life was right around the corner, after all.
He could tell his words overwhelmed Dean as his face turned up in emotion and he grabbed for Cas’s hand, pulling it to his mouth and kissing it before tugging it tightly against his chest. Never in his life had Castiel ever seen so much fire and passion in someone’s eyes as he did in that moment with Dean looking at him.
have to do what I’m saying right now, it’s all just for future reference.”
“Can we uh—” Cas’s voice shook with each syllable, causing Dean to turn away from the movie to catch his eye. “Can we… you know?”
Especially now, five months since Prince Joffrey had ran out on the wedding, Castiel had never seen his best friend so damned happy.
The smile from Castiel’s face faded as he saw an unfamiliar black Jaguar sedan parked in his driveway with a very familiar woman standing on his front porch.
buying the candy.”
“Thank you.”
Castiel hated lying on principle. It was tedious to remember the details of every lie told and lying to the people he cared for didn’t make him feel great, yet he seemed to be doing it all the time now. Lying to Hannah about who he was seeing, lying to his dad about what he was spending money on, lying to Dean about the fact that Cas was completely enamored with him and wanted to kiss him and be held by him and…
Before he could second-guess himself any more, he felt his vocal cords release a hoarse, “Dean?”
Dean sucked in a breath realizing just how right Cas was. If Dean had agreed to it, he’d have had to get his dick into Cas’s tight hole somehow… and that thought suddenly made him very anxious. What if he’d have agreed and had hurt Cas? Which he would have because, holy fuck, Dean didn’t know what the hell he was doing.
It was a bad idea.
You’ve had her pie
“They’re just so… stupid. You know?” Dean cut in, trampling over Cas’s answer. “Fairytales ain’t real and if they were I wouldn’t wanna have that shit. I mean who’s that happy all the damn time? If you always have sunshine coming outta your ass then where’s the passion? Where’s the screaming fights or the makeup sex or the I-need-you-so-bad-lets-fuck-on-the-kitchen-floor? You know what kind of sex fairytales have?”
He knew how lucky he was to be able to have this right now. And whether they decided to end their arrangement in a few days or even a few months from now, he wasn’t going to take a moment of it for granted. Having Dean’s trust like this made Castiel fall even deeper each and every time.
It ached but he moved on. He did what was expected of him like a perfect little soldier and kept the memory of the boy with the green eyes locked away in a hidden part of his heart.
He reveled in the way Cas breathed sharply from his words. It was even better when he moaned out Dean’s name in response, just like now.
Dean put on his best winning smile. “It’s probably best. Where do you think we should start?”
“Me and Uncle Sam want to take a road trip and go to the mountains for a little bit.”
Aside from the sheer exhilaration that came with the knowledge that he didn’t have to spend his days in solitude, Castiel had now even started to realize that he was beginning to enjoy the town he’d been living in. It was quaint in comparison to New York City, and the overall lack of rush, odor, and sound was beginning to settle something deep inside of him.  He felt happy, for the first time he’d ever really known.
And crab wontons.
“I really am,” he promised. “I believe he is as well.”
You didn’t tell me that the turkey club had lettuce onions and tomatoes on it!
It was evening by the time they got into their motel room and they hadn’t heard from Jack in a while. Dean had already convinced himself that they wouldn’t and was pacing the room as Sam and Rowena poured over backup ideas.
Castiel saw Patience give Dean a confused look but fell back into a professional role.
Most of the film and television world were on hiatus so his dad was home all day, and since he and Kali had apparently, officially, called it quits, there was no one to share his time with.
Dean must have sensed the shift in the conversation and pulled himself into an upright position still looking at Cas with a slightly terrified expression.
Castiel frowned. “I wish I could make you feel better.” The words made Dean’s heart skip a beat. This guy was too kind.
Cas sighed heavily, looking like he was trying to find the right words.
“Sam, will you stop already?”
“It is.”
“No,” he answered honestly.
“Maybe,” Cas said with a shrug, like it wasn’t a big deal that he assumed Dean wanted to cheat on him. Well not
He made a promise, out to the empty lake that he’d live his life for him now. A promise he intended to keep this time around.
“Where are you going man? I saved you a spot at our table.”
He wasn’t quiet about it when he started calling out to Jack.
“Can we go? Just me and you? A week or two, maybe?”
Now he sat on the furthest edge of the bed, ensuring that he did not encroach on Dean’s space as he slept.
"You said that it wasn’t the type of relationship you wanted… that you didn’t think I’d ever do that.” Dean explained, though, Cas still didn’t seem to register what Dean was saying.
He was missing Dean so badly at that point it was a little insane.
Dean knew he was panicking, like his body was sure if he didn’t do this right that moment that Cas would suddenly flash out. He hardly had time to register that he was essentially throwing himself onto Cas and forcing the angel to spend a lifetime with Dean. He just knew that nothing else felt more right than agreeing to do this.
A part of him was still certain that he was a piece of shit for allowing himself to have this with Cas but the alternative was watching Cas have this with someone else and that… that was something Dean didn’t think he could do just yet. He needed more time. Just a little more time and he’d get over whatever it was he was feeling. It was just too new. Like the honeymoon stage but for friends with benefits.
That wasn’t the only change Castiel noticed. There seemed to be a distinct lack of touch between them. It’s not that Castiel was so much a tactile person and needed human touch constantly but he’d gotten used to the amount of times they’d sit pressed up against each other’s sides while watching a movie. And….
Castiel carefully put the portrait down, and made his way to the table. He can’t say he hasn’t been expecting this-- Naomi had been unusually permissive since she relented at Christmas, and after tugging at his proverbial leash, he knew it was time to be reigned in.
“I cooked for Sammy whenever Dad was in a bad way. Honestly I don’t think the old man knows how to cook,” Dean chuckled, stirring the sauce.
“Whatcha think?” Dean asked, spreading his arms wide.
Before Charlie patted herself down for her keys, but before she could fish them out, her mom answered the door, drawing her into a hug. Castiel watched the hug for a beat too long, before turning home. Charlie’s mother had been mobile for the past few weeks. Though her recovery had been touch and go, she seemed to be progressing well.
“Where is Dad meeting us Dean?” Sam practically shouted in his ear, and Dean winced.
Charlie nodded slowly, “I hope you’re right Winchester.”
They left in the early morning, hoping for as much daylight as possible on the wintery morning.
“Ignore that,” Charlie said with a stiff smile, rushing the boys to the basement. Downstairs there was an elaborate blanket fort built around Charlie’s couch, with a spread of bagels, M&Ms, and a projector propped up in the middle.
Meg just waved him off, and Dean took an experimental sniff at her gift, breaking out into a grin.
Cas could make out Sam peeking out from behind Naomi’s back, suppressing giggles at the boy’s misfortune.
Ash cleared his throat, “As I was saying, in the back of this very RV we are close to nullifying the very Croatoan virus which currently ravishes our very wonderful planet.”
