The living area was extensive, Steve had seen it before but he hadn’t had the time to properly look over it. The overly large sofas, the floor to roof windows allowing warm sunlight to filter through, the soft carpet underneath his feet as he walked into the kitchen area. Tony had a fully stocked kitchen but the only thing that looked like it was used was the coffee machine that took up most of the counter space along the far wall.
“Nope, I don’t need anything, I’ve got something already lined up,” Tony smiled, crossing one knee over the other. “Gabriel’s the best in the business on the East Coast, he’ll make you look even more stunning. Although I’m not sure that’s possible.”
Cap asked his plans for the rest of the week and he told him about the four-day conference he was going to, then asked him if he was going to the gala. Steve quickly made up a lie about being out of town when it was happening. He felt awful for lying but Tony mentioned he was taking someone and the smile that lit up his face almost made up for the horrible lie he was living. Almost.
They regrouped, battered and bruised and exhausted. Tony was out of his armour, nursing a few bruises on his head, wiping at the blood around the cut on his cheek. Natasha and Clint were leaning heavily on each other, Natasha holding her possibly broken left arm close to her body, Clint wrapping his bloody hands up.
Underneath the heading was a picture of himself and Tony laughing in the same cafe they were in yesterday, Tony’s hand resting on the handle of his mug, Steve holding the fork that had a small piece of the cake on it. They both looked younger than they were.
Tony just looked at Steve, his eyes wide and his cheeks pink before snapping himself out of it and grinning, “I guess you do.”
To say Loki was a pain in the ass was an understatement. Thor swore that his brother wasn’t acting like himself when they were all called together into action. The Norse God updated them, saying the aliens Loki had summoned were not of Asgard but of somewhere Steve didn’t know. Somewhere Steve didn’t give a shit about at this moment in time.
Steve froze. That had happened months ago. Tony had bought them tickets to watch the Yankees play. It was a hot summers day, Tony had worn one of Steve’s caps and his sunglasses. He had never looked more beautiful to Steve, yelling at the pitcher and waving the programme about.
“I’m sure that isn’t true.”
His favourite past time was arguing with Nazis he’d found that out when he saw a demonstration in Brooklyn with a group of men and women carrying big flags with swastikas plastered all over them. Steve had never felt his blood boil so quickly, storming over and ripping one of the flags down off the pole it was attached to, ripping it in half and throwing it to the ground. He’d carried on ripping down flags until two of the men rushed over to him shouting about it being time to cleanse America.
“No, like the pride parade, the one for LGBT+ people to go to, happens every year, it’s always good. Everyone dresses up, paints their faces and stuff, Riley bought these like matching t-shirts for us, they’re gagworthy but they’re funny.”
TS: Sounds amazing, honey! Hope you’re ready for me to woo you with art knowledge!
“Do you want me to drive you home? I can embellish and say the traffic was crazy,” Tony offered, slowly standing to his feet, putting his jacket on, slipping his sunglasses back on.
Steve mumbled his thanks as he got Clint and Natasha on to the jet, limping on after them and collapsing down into one of the available seats. He pulled his gloves off, laying them over his knee and closing his eyes, leaning his head back, ignoring the swooping in his gut when the jet took off again.
Steve laughed softly, leaning back in his chair and taking a deep breath, looking down at his phone when it vibrated again.
He had currently settled on a pair of black jeans, a white t-shirt and a black leather jacket that Sam had directed him to when they went shopping a few weeks ago. He frowned at the outfit for a few moments before sighing, letting his shoulders sag.
SR: Sure, coffee sounds fun. Let me know when you’re free, you seem like a busy guy.
“Steve, man, I need more information than that, you can’t just tell me that and expect to know what the hell you’re on about.”
“Oh no, no, no, I like it. It’s old fashioned but it’s... it’s nice.” Steve knew Tony was smiling when he said it, he glanced over and smirked. It was strange seeing Tony with a blush, he liked it though.
Steve tried to reach for him again, his cheeks wet with tears, “Tony, don’t do this, I’m sorry!”
TS: Honey, I always love a good ego boost. But seriously, you’ll get enemies.
A few months passed and Steve was getting bored, he hadn’t been called up for any missions, Natasha contacted him and told him to take some time off for a while, but that was all Steve did between missions.
“Please, just sit down. We need to talk.”
“You can try these on after Gabriel has what he needs,” Tony told him, sitting back down on the seat in front of Steve.
Steve stayed quiet, letting Tony sleep, giving himself time to try and figure out what he was going to say. What were you supposed to say? Oh hi, I know we’ve been dating for a few months but I’m actually Captain America and I’ve been lying to you all this time about my identity but it’s alright because you know now.
‘Iron Man is one of the greatest heroes that’s ever lived, if he wasn’t around, New York would have been destroyed when Loki attacked. Simple as. Get your head out of your ass.’
“Did you enjoy the art?” Tony asked, looking over the menu before settling his gaze on Steve’s face.
He headed out into the main room again, looking over at Tony and Gabriel who were looking at a few cabinets over by the tills, Tony looking up when he heard Steve come out.
“Wow..” Tony mumbled, eyes raking up and down Steve, moving forward and running his hand down Steve’s arm.
TS: hey, honey! I realised I don’t know where you live so I have no clue where to pick you up from
“I get pretty much all of my suits here, except the ones I import from Italy, but those aren’t what we’re looking for. We have to make a statement at the gala. I mean, I’m sure you will anyway, honey, but it’s my job to stand out.”
TS: I want to, come on. Let me help make you feel better, even if it’s through material gifts.
Steve sat back in his chair, sighing heavily and rubbing his hands over his face, eyes tired from looking at holograms for so long.
The message back was almost instant, Steve glanced at the clock, smirking when he realised Tony was probably in one of the board meetings he liked complaining about.
“Did you think it was funny, huh? Stupid Tony can’t even figure out that his boyfriend was Captain America? Did you laugh about it? Did you think it was fucking funny, Steve? Or Cap? Which do I use?” Tony grit his teeth as he spoke, forcing the words out in the cold hospital room.
“Pep? You alright?” Tony asked, calming himself down before frowning slightly, glancing at Steve before out the window.
1 new message from Tony Stark.
“It’s alright, doll.”
Clint spun around in his chair, “nice to see you, Cap, let’s go get ourselves some drug smugglers, huh?”
TS: Hospital?!?! Are you okay, honey? Don’t worry about me, what happened?
Tony nodded, the grin never leaving his face as he led them into the shop, waving to one of the baristas who lit up, a shout of ‘Mr. Stark!’ following the wave.
“You too, Ms. Romanoff, I hope it’s only good things you’ve heard.”
a person who makes abusive or aggressive posts on the Internet, typically one who conceals their true identity.
“C’mon, let’s get some breakfast. I want the unofficial tour of Stark Tower,” Steve told him quietly, smiling when he felt Tony nod again.
“You caused this, Steve. The minute you decided to keep your identity a secret from me. Y’know, I sit at night after I’ve finished work or I get a moment to myself and I can never get my head around it. Why did you lie to me?”
“Are you two still acting stupid?” He heard Fury ask, the shuffling of papers following the question.
“I’ve got it on, the shirt’s a bit tight but the pants feel okay,” he told them, looking at himself in the mirror, it wasn’t a bad fit.
“My feelings were never a lie. I don’t care if you think everything else was a lie but my feelings were never a lie. I was so in love with you. God, Tony, I still am,” Steve trailed off, tears clouding his vision, his throat burning with the effort of stopping himself from crying.
He made himself some breakfast; a mountain of eggs and half a loaf of toast washed down with a mug of steaming coffee, listening to the radio as he ate.
“it’s not about handling it, it’s about being comfortable. If you aren’t comfortable then we can go, easy as that.” Tony pulled up to the curb, shifting in his seat to look at Steve.
Steve brought up Sam’s number on his phone, quickly dialling the number, Sam picked up just as quickly.
The article sat in Steve’s stomach, a frown on his face as he went about his day, jumping slightly at every buzz of his phone; his frown growing when none of them were Tony.
The followers came as part of his tweeting, a few people even messaged him thanks for standing up for people, he’d recently called a politician out for making faces during a speech told at a women’s march and the lady who gave the speech thanked him, Steve wasn’t really sure why, but it made him happy to know that people were seeing his voice.
“Try and keep it in your pants, Cap, you’re not as subtle as you think,” She told him quietly, picking up the bag she had set down, patting Steve on the shoulder as she walked past.
“What do you want? What’s going on?”
“Everyone doing okay? I can play nurse if people need me to,” Tony called over his shoulder, allowing JARVIS to take over via autopilot, carrying a first aid kit back into the open area behind the pilots' seats.
“It’s a form of art, anything can be art, Tony. The suit is probably the greatest technological success in the twenty-first century, it’s a beautiful mix of art and technology. It really sums this exhibition up,” Steve replied, voice just as low.
He had a few messages from Sam, a couple of emails, but what he noticed was the 5 Twitter messages from Tony.
I hope this is everything you need for a speedy recovery! The robot was a spur of the moment thing really, thought you might like it. The soap is supposed to help stress and ease you or something. The chocolate is something that Captain America likes if you can believe it! Surprised he even likes chocolate but oh well, hope this helps, maybe we can have our coffee soon?
“You need anything, Cap?” He asked, handing an ice pack over to Clint, who thanked him and hissed slightly as he pressed the pack to his fingers.
“Looks great. What’s your first tweet as Cap gonna be?”
Maybe it was a good idea to tell the public.
It was winter before he saw Tony again. Just a passing glimpse of him at SHIELD. Steve had been called in for checkups on his suit and testing new material, chatting to some of the scientists down in the labs when he heard Tony talking to Bruce as they passed through to get to Bruce’s lab.
The fight was long and hard, most of them getting injured down in the dark sewer, the smell getting to their heads, the cramped spaces forcing them to argue. Steve had suggested to Bruce to head back up to the surface in case he hulked out, Bruce nodded and headed back up, only to be cut off by the swarm of bugs and forced to hulk out, causing much more damage than they were planning on. The fight ended hours later after Thor and Hulk manage to pull a joint attack on the queen, attacking her head on and essentially popping her, the team getting covered head to toe in gunk.
He headed into the bathroom, picking a towel out of his cupboard and turning the shower on. Maybe the hot water would ease his head.
“Basically, yeah. What do I do?”
“So, Stark, who’s the mystery lover boy you’ve got, huh? He seems dreamy,” She teased slightly, a small smirk on her mouth. Steve didn’t know if his eyes were playing tricks or if Natasha looked over at him before returning her gaze back on Tony.
“Did you think it was funny?” The question startled Steve. He was quickly frowning and opening his mouth to reply before he was cut off.
Steve rolled his eyes but ended up sending Tony his address, grinning when the man sent back a little smiley face that was blowing a kiss.
It was normal. It was everything Steve wanted and more.
The fighting went on for hours, but finally, it was over.
Steve would always wake up early. He would usually go for a run but sometimes just spent an hour in the gym. Tony would come into the kitchen around nine, heading straight to the coffee machine, kissing Steve’s cheek as he passed him. They would have breakfast together, listening to the radio or watching the news before heading their separate ways. Tony would head down into his workshop, Steve would head back down to the gym or into his studio. Tony had set the art studio up for him when he moved in, the room flooded with natural light from the floor to ceiling windows. Every kind of paint and brush Steve could think of wound up in the huge desks and cupboards that lined the back wall, the canvas were being stored in there too.
Steve’s eyes went wide, quickly staring down at her, her own gaze meeting Steve’s. “How--”
“I’ve read about you in the paper, Mr. Rogers, Tony’s a lucky guy,” he grinned, winking at Steve before turning back to Tony.
Dear Steve,
It took Steve by surprise, the softness in Tony’s voice, the gentle teasing, the overall gentle Tony Stark. It was something that made Steve’s chest feel tight, made his spin, made him feel something real.
“Yeah, well, I beat the guys up who were harassing him and his friends, in that Twitter video,” Steve explained, smiling at Peter then looking over to Tony.
He arrived back at his apartment fairly quickly, making short work of changing into his civilian clothes. He stuffed his uniform back into the bag at his feet, collecting it and thanking the driver as they pulled over, letting Steve hop out and fish for his keys in his pocket, heading into the building he called home.
He hung up, glaring down at the phone before looking back up at Steve with a tired smile, “sorry, honey, looks like I forgot about an important meeting where I’m supposed to sign a bunch of stuff to allow the company to function.”
SR: I don’t mind, I’m sure I can handle whatever they say. I’m a big boy.
“It’s just one that SHIELD gave me, must be an update for something,” Steve mumbled back, ignoring the stares.
Steve liked technology, he thought it was great. But fighting killer robots that could shoot a similar kind of repulsor that Iron Man could wasn’t his idea of helpful technology.
Steve hurried to message him back, fingers flying over the keys as he wrote.
TS: Could you imagine! She’d just glare at them
TS: Well, by all means, continue. It’s nice to have people on your side. Even if they are keyboard warriors.
He heard the door open behind him but stayed sat facing the desk, rolling his neck and hearing the click.
Steve nodded, taking a seat in one of the chairs, strapping himself in, setting his shield down at his feet.
Tony snorted quietly, leaning his head down against Steve’s shoulder, “you make it sound so easy, honey.”
The conversation had struck a nerve with Steve. He knew what he was doing was wrong, he knew he had to tell Tony but he couldn’t lose him. Not after finally getting past Tony’s exterior. Steve just didn’t know what to do. He had to tell Tony before it got out in a way that Steve didn’t like.
“That’s okay, kiddo, I’m sure Steve loved protecting you,” Tony ignored the boy’s protests and bright red face, turning back to Steve, “do you know what you wanna get? I recommend the Americano and the carrot cake, but it’s up to you.”
“What?! But you guys were so good together, Mr. Stark always talks about you in the lab! Like last week he was telling me about the time you guys went to watch that baseball game and you caught it and gave the ball to him, he keeps it by his bed!”
“I’m fine, Stark. I always am.”
“Oh, I’m not too sure. I never peg him as the kinda guy who wants to spend his time putting on a smile for people. I think Natasha was going to talk to him about it but.. Guess she didn’t.”
He ducked into the coffee shop one freezing morning, taking his hands out of his pockets and rubbing them together as he approached the counter. He smiled when he saw the kid, watching him bound over.
It was after dinner in the Spring when Tony suggested changing his Twitter to a Captain America account.
Steve wandered over, frowning at the machine for a moment before the machine lit up, making Steve jump.
“Isn’t that the whole point of these galas? To make business connections?” Steve asked, laughing quietly and slipping his arm around Tony’s waist, rubbing his side gently.
“I think we’ve got a winner! How does it feel? Obviously, I’ll be making some adjustments, it’ll fit you like a second skin, Steve,” Gabriel told him, tugging at the sleeves and pulling out a tape measure.
“More like ten minutes, Ms. Romanoff, can you really blame me? Look at him,” Tony grinned, leaving Steve’s side to kiss both of her cheeks, “you look ravishing as always, my dear.”
The four of them dragged themselves back to the jet, muscles screaming for any kind of rest. Steve’s uniform was ripped in several places, deep cuts making him wince with every step, but knowing they were healing. Natasha was in a similar state, but hers were still dripping, using Clint’s jacket sleeves to press against the wounds, he’d ripped them off swiftly when they all met up again. Clint had only a few cuts, his fingers bruised from the continuous bow usage.
“She isn’t, the press are just idiots. She just doesn’t like many people, which is justified really,” Tony nodded, looking up at Steve, “ready to head into the lion's den?”
“You deal with him later, help Hulk first. The big ones can’t leave the city. We can search for Loki as we fight. Stark, keep an eye out for him,” Steve replied, throwing his shield and taking down two of the aliens in front of him.
“You really seem too happy about stopping drug smugglers,” Steve told him, looking over at the archer who just grinned in response and turned back around, starting up the quinjet.
Sam hung up, leaving Steve alone with the thoughts he had supplied.
Trying to get his life back on track after the first few weeks of moping was hard. Routine was hard when everything you had revolved around another person. Everything was hard when you had to adjust to being alone again.
“Don’t do it then.”
“Oh, you’re busy, I’ll come back later, Nick.” Tony.
TS: ):
“Looks likes Fury wants to have you babysat, Cap,” Clint told him, heading into the jet and towards the pilots' seat.
“Funny, beautiful and talented? I think I’ve hit the jackpot here, honey,” Tony grinned, setting his mug down and sitting down at the breakfast bar and digging in.
“I get on just fine, Tony, I don’t need the help.”
“Thank you, will you thank Tony for me?” Steve asked the man’s back as he was walking away.
He heard the footsteps, the lock on the door going. He squared his shoulders, watching Tony come through the door and nodding to Natasha who quickly closed to door behind Tony, locking them in.
SR: I got hit by a car on Wednesday night.
It was another passing glance. That’s all Steve seemed to get from Tony, passing glances and watery eyes.
Steve didn’t get a message for a few days, he got radio silence but it didn’t bother him too much. He knew Tony was away for a business meeting, a conference happening in Belgium that he and Pepper would be attending. He found that out as Cap, he’d gone into SHIELD to test a new suit material the scientists had made, doing durability tests. Tony had dropped by the lab, waving to Steve through the glass where he was stood with the scientists. Cap waved back before ducking under a swipe from one of their training robots, easily jumping back into action and kicking the head clean off the robot.
Living without Tony was quiet. Steve’s life was quiet before the genius and now after too. Everything he did was too quiet: cook, watch TV, sketch. Every aspect of his life was different, it was lonely.
He nodded to the agent stationed at the car door, watching him open it for him so Steve could slip inside and settle back against the soft leather seats, undoing his helmet strap and pulling it off.
Steve sighed heavily, looking down at his feet before lifting his head. “I know.”
“When I say keep a perimeter, I mean it, Stark! You let some of them slip away and now we’ve lost SHIELD’s element of surprise!” Steve yelled, keeping a tight grip on his shield and jutting his chin out slightly, glaring at the other man as the armour practically dissolved around him, slipping up into the centre of the glowing arc reactor in the centre of the man’s chest.
Steve then realised if he told Tony what had actually happened, then he would basically be telling him that Steve was Captain America. What was a good enough lie?
“So, how do you know Peter?” He asked, taking a sip of his coffee, humming softly and licking the foam off his top lip, trying to hide his smile as Tony blatantly watched him do it.
“Oh, you’re that Steve,” he nodded, “this is for you then.” He picked the parcel up, struggling with it slightly but refusing Steve’s help as he walked it into his apartment, setting it down on the couch, before wiping his hands on his black suit pants.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“I can’t believe we have to fight these stupid things again, wasn’t once enough?” Clint complained through the comms, the twang of his bow echoing in the background.
SR: Sure, I’m free pretty much all of Saturday, what do you have in mind?
“It’s more than just an omelette, sweetheart,” Tony told him in a soft tone, looking over at him. A look that Steve hadn’t seen from Tony yet, a smile he hadn’t seen yet. It was a look he wanted to see more of. A look he wasn’t sure he was strong enough to lose.
He didn’t realise the time had passed before he heard someone call out his name, glancing up before doing a quick double take and saw Tony Stark grinning as he walked over to Steve. He looked so at ease in dark jeans, a t-shirt with a logo Steve didn’t recognise on it, a black blazer sitting snugly on his shoulders, his iconic sunglasses covering his eyes. Steve’s heart clenched just looking at him,
“Doll? That’s a new one.”
“It’s not fair,” Tony started, cutting off his fold his arms over his chest, “I thought you were it. I thought that was it, that I had found someone who finally gets me. But it was a lie.”
Steve could have stayed there for hours, pouring over each individual painting, reading the little plaques under each painting. He particularly enjoyed the New Order exhibition; a combination of art and technology throughout the twenty-first century. Steve found it fascinating, but his love for it only grew when he saw a large print out canvas of the Iron Man armour against the New York skyline.
But he wasn’t going as Captain America. He would be going as Steve Rogers, Tony’s date. He could do Tony’s date.
“I can’t see them, pretty sure it’s not nice to lie on dates, Tony.”
“And I only get the colour?”
TS: You too honey!!
“You look dashing, but then again, you always look dashing really,” Tony smiled, then sighed with exaggerated force, “how do you always look so perfect?”
“A drug smuggling operation is happening on the waters, they want to find the tanker and take them out,” she replied, taking a seat in the co-pilots chair.
Getting back to their usual routine didn’t take too long.
“They’re supposed to be, but Brucie bear doesn’t do well in crowds and Thor doesn’t come unless Bruce does.”
Tony met him halfway, fingers tangling with Steve’s, letting himself be pulled against Steve’s chest. He pressed his face against the soft fabric of Steve’s shirt, finally letting himself cry. Steve held him tightly, wrapping his arms around him and keeping close. He pressed his lips against Tony’s temple, whispering “I’m so sorry” over and over until he felt Tony stop crying until he felt the other relax in his arms.
“Sure thing, you doing alright? You went dark a while back,” Steve shifted Natasha slightly in his arms, settling her more against his chest and shoulders.
“The jacket feels too tight on this one,” Steve told them, Gabriel nodding in response and handing him a third bag.
TS: Speaking of Avengers, there’s a charity gala coming up soon, I was wondering if you’d like to come with me? I understand if it’s a little scary but you’d be with me!
“Because I thought I was doing what was best. I stupidly thought that being with Steve was better than being with Captain America. I never wanted to hurt you, but I did. I did and it’s killed me ever since I woke up in that hospital bed.”
“I do have stu--”
Steve quickly grabbed his jacket and wallet, heading out of his apartment and down to Tony, smiling when he saw Tony wave and grin at him. They met in the middle, Steve bending down to hug him and Tony standing up on his tiptoes to return the hug, squeezing tightly and pressing a kiss to Steve’s cheek, humming softly when he pulled away.
Steve picked up the note Tony had left on top of the package, opening it up and reading:
“Sure, I’ll make sure to properly clear my day, we can’t have us being interrupted again,” he laughed, pulling his car keys out of his pocket, “I’ll see you around, honey, don’t be a stranger.” He pulled down his glasses, winking and grinning before unlocking his car and getting in.
“I’m buying lunch then,” Steve grumbled, following Tony into the first section.
He looked good, he always did. Trimmed beard, styled hair, clean suit, sunglasses hanging out of his top pocket. He looked good but he carried himself with something Steve recognised: a weight on his shoulders. Tiredness in his bones. Steve didn’t miss the purple bags under his eyes, a stark contrast to his soft olive skin.
“Here you go, Steve. Hey, can I ask something?” Peter asked, looking down at him.
“What about Captain America?”
“I think I handle trouble pretty well.”
Ten in the morning came quicker than Steve thought it would. He woke up early, going for his morning run around Brooklyn, before coming home and showering. He managed to fit in breakfast and a cup of coffee before he heard his phone buzz.
“Thor, get looking!” Steve yelled, looking down on to ground level and gritting his teeth when he saw the new portal. The growling and screeching from the creatures could be heard from the rooftop. Steve glanced over to Natasha and Clint before nodding, running and jumping off the rooftop, landing heavily in front of the portal.
“No chatter on the line, let’s do this properly.”
Steve heard the commotion before he saw it, hearing explosions from outside the Quinjet, getting up and settling his shield on his arm.
The hall was breathtaking. All crystal and golden. Steve was afraid to touch anything in case he broke anything. He said no to the offered champagne flute, telling Tony he didn’t like it, the genius just shrugging and sipping his own.
But that’s the thing, it was Tony. Tony Stark, and all his ways of making Steve lose his head, whether that was on a mission, or like right now, sat in his apartment waiting for Tony to say something back like a teenager who’ve just told their crush they liked them.
He fumbled for his phone, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and smiling down at his phone, huffing a laugh at the little emoji. They always got him.
Did he reply? Did he leave it? Did Tony want a reply or did he expect Steve to leave it?
TS: you there, Steve?
“My comms went down after I got hit, a lovely EMP frazzled me so I had to do things the old fashioned way, you would have been proud,” Tony answered, grinning slightly but letting it slip off quickly when he saw Natasha’s bleeding. “Everyone else okay?”
SR: Don’t drop your work for me, 3:30 work for you?
“Okay, Hawkeye and Iron Man, you’re on air support, keep these guys within the perimeter. They do not get to the rest of the city. Thor, Hulk, take out the big ones. Widow, you’re with me,” Steve listed off, fastening his shield tighter on his arm. He nodded at the group before splitting off, Widow behind him.
“He saw a video of me fighting Nazis and then another one of me punching transphobes.”
TS: I’m sure you’re much more interesting than board meetings, how does Friday sound? After 3 would be better for me, but it’s nothing I can’t drop.
Tony hummed in response, the smile returning to his face, “I’m jealous, I want to saved by a handsome, blond man, why does all the good stuff happen to you, Pete?” He asked, his smile slipping into a grin, waggling his eyebrows at Steve, laughing when Steve chuckled.
Steve rolled his eyes as he set the paper down, staring at the image of himself and Tony in the MOMA, holding hands and their heads turned to each other. The soft light of the exhibition giving the picture a gentle vibe.
Steve held the position Gabriel put him in, watching the man before looking up at Tony, “You like it?”
He didn’t see Tony at all for a few months. He avoided missions with Steve, avoided the press, avoided contact despite Steve texting him. He stopped after a while. He got message plain and simple. Tony really was done with him.
He was often infuriated by the number of malicious comments made towards people and especially towards the Avengers, but he was also blown away at how much support they got as well. He’d seen a lot of young people retweeting a picture of Clint at a cafe with Bruce, and he had his hearings aids in, most of the captions were thanking him for being so open about a disability. Steve had known Clint needed hearing aids for a long time, but he’d never talked to Steve about it, not that he expected him to, really. But it warmed his heart to know that people could relate with Clint, could find comfort in the fact that even superheroes lived with things like that.
He felt Tony relax more against his shoulder, nodding his head slightly, “Thanks, Steve.”
He didn’t feel himself pass out.
“You nervous about tonight?” Tony asked, his voice softer this time, glancing at Steve.
The slowly started swaying, Tony resting his head against Steve’s chest, the loud thumping of Steve’s heart calming him. Steve moved his head down, pressing his cheek against Tony’s perfectly styled hair, closing his eyes as they swayed. The room dissolved around them, they existed together in the moment, only the music and Steve’s heartbeat being heard above everything else.
Steve saw the post the next day at breakfast. He was finishing off his third bowl of porridge with honey when he frowned.
“Sure thing, Cap,” Clint replied, running off with Natasha.
“Wow, I’m impressed, Cap, you’ll have to let me teach you to download stuff, or is that too scary?”
“So he’s a real smart kid then, huh?”
He picked out the little box first, taking the attached note and reading it, ‘a Tony Stark original’, he smirked and opened it up. It was a little wind-up toy of a robot holding a little trans flag in one hand and a bisexual flag in the other. It was just a bit bigger than Steve’s palm. He slowly wound the key on its back before setting it down. The figure slowly started walking around and waving both of the flags over his head. Steve grinned as he watched the bot, taking out his phone and recording it.
TS: Well, I’d very much like to get to know you then. How about a coffee?
Steve rolled his eyes, his smile widening as he got the message.
He quickly shut the door, feeling the car pull off, quickly undoing the bag and taking his suit out and doing his best to change into it, huffing as he pulled the tight leather over himself. He saw the driver glance into the rearview mirror a few times but mostly ignored it, he was used to the staring. He finally managed to get his suit on, pulling his helmet on and fastening the strap tightly under his chin, slipping his arm through the strap of his shield and taking a deep breath, closing his eyes and rolling his shoulders slowly. Just another mission.
“Don’t let him get to you, Cap, he’s just annoyed he let you down,” Clint told him, a tired smile on his face.
Steve didn’t reply as he ate breakfast, he kept the screen on the message, washing his dishes and humming a song he’d heard on the radio the other day. He kept himself busy, reading the paper he’d bought on his morning run and going through each section meticulously, ignoring his phone to his absolute best until it buzzed again. Steve sighed through his nose, setting his paper down and picking his phone up, showing another message from Tony.
Heat flushed Steve’s cheeks, rolling his eyes and turning back to Gabriel who had just walked back in rolling a rack filled with coat hangers.
“Are you a Mr.Steve Rogers?” The man asked, looking up from the tablet he had in his hands.
“I’m on the metaphorical edge of my seat in waiting then.”
“I’m going to the parade with Riley, you should come,” Sam replied, opening a bottle of water and taking a few gulps.
“But... I mean, now you’ve said it, Mr. Stark has been mopey recently. I didn’t know what it was but I mean this would make sense. Is there anything I can do to help? I wanna help you and Mr. Stark!”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Tony laughed, letting Peter finish up before pressing his card against the machine, slipping it back into his pocket when heard the beep. He slipped an extremely large tip into the jar at the front.
Steve flushed slightly, he wasn’t used to praise from Tony. He didn’t really get this level of praise from anyone, he couldn’t blame Tony when he said it went to his head. He finally understood.
The problem was Steve was numb, and when he was numb he got reckless. He threw himself into the missions, not caring about the outcome of his health anymore. He’d come home with punctured lungs, broken bones, various degrees of concussion. He just wanted to feel again. He didn’t want to be the shell of someone who once was. The SHIELD gyms took beatings when the missions didn’t come regularly enough. He broke machine after machine, punching bag after punching bag. His knuckles split and bled, the crunching beneath his skin became soothing after a while. It got so bad once that Natasha and Clint had to come and drag him away before he did some serious damage to his hands.
Steve huffed out a laugh, going on to Tony’s feed and staring at the comment had added on to his own retweet of the video.
The comments overwhelmed him a little, he was sat quietly with a cup of coffee reading through the support, ‘what a hero’, ‘A TRUE TRANS ICON’, ‘fuck get me a man like that’. There was some hate, there always is, but there’s more positive than negative.
“Can’t it wait? I’m in the middle of something,” there was chatter from the other line.
TS: Hey, honey! Just wondering if you want to do something this weekend? I promise my schedule is actually free this time ;)
Tony’s phone ringing broke them from a conversation, the billionaire wiping tears out his eyes, still laughing as he picked up the phone, grinning at Steve who was copying his grin.
“Sure thing, honey, lead the way,” Tony answered, squeezing their joined hands, letting Steve tug him down the street.
They just stood smiling at each other for a few seconds before Steve cleared his throat quietly, “shall we head in?”
“You’re Godamn Captain America and you can’t even talk to him. Pull yourself together.”
“No, that’s my main dilemma. What if he recognizes me?”
“I think I’ve gone with you,” Gabriel laughed, getting up and heading over to Steve, straightening the suit jacket out.
They ended up staying in the lab for another hour, just talking, Cap promising to try out the better material Tony hadn’t created yet but was going to after seeing the poor attempt of SHIELD. Steve didn’t think there was anything wrong with the material SHIELD made but... Well, if Tony wanted to build him something, he wasn’t going to say no.
He showered quickly, scrubbing the dirt and grime off his skin under the stream of boiling water; he picked up the soap Tony sent him, washing himself and letting the water wash the suds off. He stepped out, drying and pulling on a clean t-shirt and a new pair of boxers then a soft pair of sweatpants.
“What are you gonna be wearing then? If you don’t need anything new,” Steve asked, moving his arms like Gabriel asked, standing in the new position.
Steve sighed heavily while pinching the bridge of his nose, letting his shoulders sag, glancing at Clint and Natasha who quickly looked away.
“Okay, I’ve got green and I’ve got velvet and I’ve got one that nearly fits both. I’ll save that one for last. So, I’ll give you this first one, head into the changing rooms, let me know if you struggle with anything,” Gabriel told him, handing him a coat hanger with a suit cover on it
“Nope, he doesn’t. I’m thinking dark green or something.. velvet.”
Tony moved over to Steve, leaning his forehead against his chest. He was quiet, just their breathing and the sizzling of the pan to be heard.
“Oh yeah? Why’s that?” Steve could hear the smirk in the question.
As always, Tony looked stunning. A white shirt tucked into black slacks, a red tie loose around his neck, a pair of glasses sat in his hair, a smile on his face. Steve felt his heart constrict slightly just at the sight of him.
It got a smile from Steve, the tension slowly leaving his body. He looked down at his phone when another message came through.
SR: Doesn’t sound like I have a choice, but I’ll see you tomorrow. Sleep well.
Steve was already on settings to change his profile picture and name before Tony could even finish the sentence.
He panicked all of Friday night like he did last time he met up with Tony, agonizing over his outfit choice and sighing every time he changed it. Was a blazer too formal? Tony wore them, but he suited them, he managed to make it effortless. Steve would make himself look like a teacher, which wasn’t the look he was going for. He frowned at his choice; dark blue pair of jeans, a white cotton shirt and a tan corduroy jacket, a pair of brown boots near his door. He glanced at the blazer still hung in his cupboard but shook his head, deciding on the outfit in front of him.
His thumb hovered over the ‘send tweet’ button for a few moments before nodding and pressing it, watching the tweet upload. He set his phone down on the table, moving over to his window and taking a deep breath, rubbing his hands over his face. He left his phone on the table as he cooked, a favourite of his from when he was young, a hotpot his mother used to make on special occasions. It took him a while to get the everything set up ready for the oven, fumbling to open the oven while holding the large pot in his hand.
“So.. I had a lot of fun, and I sound like a teenager saying this, but I’d love to do this again sometime?” Tony asked, slipping his hands in his pockets, looking up at Steve.
“Stark, look out for a portal they’re using, you might be able to figure it out,” Steve told him through the comms, already running off in the direction of the action.
“Don’t suppose I can catch a ride with you guys? Mines bailed on me,” he joked, but the exhaustion was clear in his body, the sagging limbs, the tired smile.
“Oh, I’m sorry, but I seem to recall actually getting them in the end, Captain,” Tony scoffed, rolling his eyes before glaring right back at the taller man.
The mission was exhausting. It should have taken around six hours but it ended up being an eighteen-hour mission thanks to the sheer number of HYDRA agents that were in the base. Steve hadn’t expected the number that came out.
Steve stopped at the bottom of the steps at Peter’s building, the boy hesitated before throwing his arms around Steve tightly, pressing his face into Steve’s shirt.
The argument went through his head about whether he should answer it, frowning before nodding slightly to himself and opening the message.
He’d occupy his time with Twitter, with working out, with cooking. He’d get the odd message from Tony, which was still weird for him, showing him an article that he thought Steve would enjoy. His life went on.
They all looked up at Steve and nodded, shaken but otherwise okay.
Tony grinned, moving over and shaking his hand, “Hi, Gabriel, it’s been too long.”
The answer Tony gave didn’t stop Steve’s heart from hammering in his chest, if anything, it made it louder.
“Maybe. I’m always here if it gets too much.”
“No, no we don’t. I’d much rather just get on with my life.”
“Just let me know if you change your mind.”
“It went well, we got another deal with energy deal with the UN and the EU, Stark Industries is going to Europe. We’re branching out our renewable energy into a few countries over there to trial it so hopefully, that’ll be happening early next year.”
“Tony Stark wants to get a coffee with me.”
“And how is it that you know Mr. Stark?” the man asked, narrowing his eyes at Steve.
Steve nodded as the boy spoke, laughing along with him. It was refreshing, Peter was a nice change of pace in his life. He liked to think he’d taken the young boy under his wing but he knew Peter was captivated by Tony. He mentioned him in nearly every conversation they had together. Whether it was something to do with his internship or something Tony had told him or showed him, it was a constant.
TS: I was thinking the Museum of modern art! The MOMA if you will, what do you think? We can do something else if you don’t like art though!
He forgot about the coffee.
“Jesus, I think I’ve gone to Heaven,” Tony breathed out, staring at Steve from where he was sat next to Gabriel.
“I’m here, Cap, keep your hair on,” came the smooth voice from other the intercom, a flash of red and gold appearing next to the windscreen.
“I thought you wanted to dance? It’s only ballroom, you can just follow my lead.”
They got settled, Tony taking his black coffee from the tray and Steve taking his Americano, leaving the cake between them. The cafe had a nice light, the sun streaming in from the large windows, shining on the pair of them.
“Why don’t you ask him now? Just text him or something,” she suggested, the smirk never leaving her lips. Steve felt his blood run cold, the one time he chooses to bring his phone on a mission, the one time he leaves it in the bottom of his bag, where it would definitely vibrate against the floor, making a stupid loud noise.
SR: You don’t have to do that, Tony.
Not that he had anything appropriate at all to wear. He would usually go to these things in his military uniform, but that was out of the window.
Steve undressed, placing the first suit back on to the hanger, zipping the bag up before turning to the second suit. It was similar to the first one he tried on. Dark green with better fitting trousers but the jacket fell tight on his shoulders.
He headed into the bathroom, running the cold tap and splashing his face a few times before looking at himself in the mirror, frowning then nodding slightly. He was going to keep the beard until he saw Tony, see what he had to say about it. He’d have to shave it before he went back to duty.
“That’s still a pretty big issue, Tony.”
Steve frowned reading all the comments on a post that slated Tony for promoting war, pressing the retweet button and taking a deep breath.
“Okay, just one hint. It’s purple.”
“What do you mean it’s the 16th today? Pepper, I am literally-- no, no I understand, but--” Tony sighed heavily, rubbing a hand over his face.
“Because I messed up and hurt Tony, we haven’t really spoken in a few months.”
He couldn’t explain why his heart was beating so fast, or why his hands were shaking as he set his phone down next to him, or why he felt the way he did. It was only Tony.
He heard a buzzing coming from his kitchen, leaving his clothes and heading into there before spotting the flashing Avengers beacon in on the counter. The date was quickly pushed out his mind, rushing to grab his gear and head down to be picked up by the black SUV outside the building, settling in for the ride to SHIELD.
“Lovely pants but that isn’t the one,” Tony told Gabriel, sighing softly as he looked over Steve, shamelessly watching Steve’s ass.
Steve was heartbroken. He had loved Tony with every aspect of himself; his jokes, his smile, his laugh, god even just listening to him breathe. Steve craved to just be around him, to be there to make him smile over silly things, to be there to comfort him when his nightmares got too much when his thoughts got too loud.
Maybe he imagined the turn of Tony’s head, the glance of his eyes landing on Steve before moving away as quickly as they landed on the soldier. Maybe he imagined the watery glaze over Tony’s eyes. Maybe he imagined it all.
Steve stared at the message, eyeing the little sad face on the end before smiling, closing his eyes and letting his shoulders relax. He opened them again, before typing out a reply.
Steve raised his eyebrows, feeling silly but still doing a little rotation on the spot.
Steve allowed himself to be pulled, stumbling slightly when he was stopped in the centre of the room in front of a large mirrored wall. Gabriel disappeared into the back leaving the pair in the room.
Again, the reply was almost instant from Tony.
Steve glanced out of his kitchen window, smirking when he saw Tony leaning against a cherry red Mustang, his sunglasses glinting in the morning sun.
Steve turned round to get a glimpse but that’s all he got. The sight of the man leaving the room, in the same suit as he saw him a few weeks ago. The echo of his footsteps in the corridor. It still hurt, but he had to live, had to move on. He knew when he wasn’t wanted.
Steve was left in a cold hospital room with a bleeding wound and tears on his face.
INFORMAL
“Shut up, he was just being friendly,” Steve retorted, shaking his head and taking the water bottle from Sam’s hand, taking a swig.
“Clint’s got a few broken fingers, his hearing aids got all smashed up, too, he’s keeping quiet until he’s got the ones from the Quinjet in. He thinks Natasha’s has a head injury, maybe concussion but he can’t be sure. We need to get her back as soon as possible.”
He didn’t post anything for a long time after the Nazi video partly because he wasn’t over that Tony had like one of his tweets but mainly because he had to go on a mission down in Rio with the team that lasted significantly longer than they’d planned, gone for a month instead of a week. There was an infestation of some kind of alien spreading through the towns, the bug-like aliens laying eggs all throughout the sewer system, new creatures bursting out into the dry air and hot sun just to attack them again. The aliens themselves seemed to scrambled a lot of their equipment, making Tony’s scanners useless in trying to locate the main source of the bugs, which turned out to be a queen, three times the size of a bus squashed down in a tunnel system under the city.
Steve left his phone on his bedside table, getting up and groaning softly as his muscles screamed at him, stretching his arms over his head and listening to his back pop.
“Doesn’t Captain America literally wear the flag?” Steve asked, smiling when he heard Tony laugh.
“Aw, Cap, are you saying you aren’t happy to see us?” Tony asked, grinning at him, following Clint into the jet.
The city was heavily damaged by the destruction, but they’d saved the city and its inhabitants, that’s what should have mattered. But no, politicians and anti-superhero groups attacked the team, calling them reckless and calling for their removal. It didn’t bother him, he’d had this kind of abuse before back in the war, people didn’t believe in the Avengers, but when they attacked the Avengers, they really just attacked Tony.
He pointed it out to Tony who just stared at the canvas, walking closer, a small smile on his face. Steve let him be alone for a few minutes before heading to his side, standing and looking at the picture with him.
“Oh, they’ll love you! Natasha might be a little wary of you at first, but she always is of people I meet. Bad past experiences or something.”
Waking up felt like sitting up after being hit by a truck, several times over and over. The light hurt his eyes, the pain he felt in his chest was unparalleled. He slowly blinked the sleep out of his eyes, staring up at the ceiling and wincing as he breathed.
“I’m not too sure about that, Barton, he’s stubborn and one day it’s going to cost us. I’m heading out, make sure you two rest up for the next mission,” he nodded his head and started to make his way back to the entrance, relief washing over him when he saw his transport already waiting for him.
Steve rolled his eyes, finishing off the water in his hand and putting the bottle in the bin. “C’mon, I’m, starving, let’s get something to eat.”
“That’s amazing, Tony, you should be proud,” Steve squeezed their hands again as he spoke.
“Oh, that’s a secret, honey, top secret,” he grinned, tapping on his phone before looking back up at Steve, “you mind if I post the picture I took?”
SR: Do the Avengers approve? I can’t imagine the press asking Black Widow for a comment on your love life
The other two men were visibly stunned for a moment before rounding on Steve, rushing forward and charging on Steve. They were easy enough attacks to predict, ducking a punch and countering with a fist to the stomach, winding the smaller of the pair. He was distracted momentarily and got a punch to the jaw for it, but recovered quickly to replicate his first punch, sending the last man crumpling to the floor, blood spurting out and covering his shirt.
Steve liked to think he was a good leader, a solid and just leader who made solid and just decisions for the sake of the team, but when the time bomb that is Tony Stark is added into the mix, he always seemed to lose his head a bit. Whether it was his stubbornness or his inability to listen to his orders, Steve couldn’t place a finger on it.
“This is my usual, all the staff know me,” Tony explained as he headed up to the counter, leaning on it slightly, “hey, Pete.”
Steve settled back in the chair, closing his eyes and taking a few deep breaths when the jet set off, that was something he would never get used to, the pressure in his chest when the jet roared off the runway.
“Alright, shout if you need me.”
Everyone knew who Iron Man was, it was basic knowledge, even children knew that Tony Stark was Iron Man. Steve had watched the interview where he revealed his secret, he’d paused the video and laughed at the look on some of the reporter’s faces, even the look on Miss. Potts face made Steve laugh. It was just such a Tony Stark thing to do, it amazed him. Sure, it was arrogant and didn’t really help him in terms of privacy but now, he had nothing to hide, nothing to worry about. Steve spent a lot of his time tiptoeing around people to keep himself hidden. His team didn’t even know.
“Tony.. you’re already buying me so much, the suit is enough.”
“I’m more than capable than handling on my own,” Steve retorted, watching Clint head to the pilot seat before turning back to look at Natasha and Tony.
“And you?”
Tony took about four pictures, smiling as he took them, holding his phone close to his chest when he finished.
Steve wanted to get closer to Tony, that much was obvious, but as Captain America and Iron Man, they just didn’t click. They argued, they shouted, the just rubbed each other the wrong way. Iron Man just didn’t like Captain America. But Tony Stark liked Steve Rogers, and that was enough for him at this point. Maybe one day he’d sit Tony down and tell him, whether it would ruin their relationship Steve didn’t know, whether they’d even have anything worth calling a relationship, he didn’t know that either.
He went back to his phone to set a timer for his hotpot, blinking down at the number of notifications that filled his screen, all for his twitter account. He scrolled through the notifications, people commenting about how right he was and that the therapy solved nothing, some just had little pictures of hands clapping. He had at least 26 new followers, he was quite proud of that really.
“Oh, Steve? He’s great, we met on Twitter, he beats up transphobes. He saved one of my interns from getting harassed. I nearly swooned at the video, I’m sure you’ll have seen it,” Tony gushed, grinning at Natasha as he spoke, his cheeks pink in the low light. “He’s just... yeah he’s really great. I like him.”
Sam couldn’t grab Steve in time before he stormed over, shoving one of the men.
“What? He suddenly asked you out?”
Steve smirked, sitting down heavily on his bed and typing out a reply.
“Why don’t I ever see you with Mr. Stark anymore?”
Steve didn’t know what time he woke up, but he knew Tony was next to him, cuddled against his side. He didn’t need to know the time. He just needed to stay in that moment of pure peace with him. The man he loved.
“I’m fine, I’m nearly done healing anyway,” Steve told him, undoing his boots slightly, sighing softly and relaxing back against the chair.
They finished the exhibitions in a few hours, chatting about anything they liked and the ones they didn’t understand, mostly on Tony’s part. Their hands were joined the whole way; Tony would squeeze his fingers when he saw something of interest or something that he thought Steve would like. Tony talked with his hands; waving his free one around as he spoke, tugging their joined hands if he needed added effect.
“Is Stark already here? I can see the ships but not him,” Steve asked, frowning slightly as he scanned the area of ocean in front of them, counting 3 ships on the water.
“You really did pick the flashiest car you own, huh?” He commented, settling in the passenger seat, looking over at Tony.
“I don’t think you can, Peter. This is my fault, I’ll be the one to fix it,” Steve told him, coming out of his daze and smiling at the young boy.
TS: I don’t doubt that, honey ;) but if you change your mind, let me know!
“Wow, you’re almost as trouble making as me, you know that, Rogers?”
He looked down at his cold plate of food and blinked a few times, he’d been on his phone for nearly 40 minutes reading articles and laughing at comments made by the public about the ridiculous articles. He set his phone down and stretched his arms over his head, groaning as his back popped, getting up microwaving his food. He ate quickly, washing his dishes in the sink and leaving them out to dry, heading back to the table and picking up his phone, frowning when he heard a buzz, not from his phone. He looked over to the pager sat in his key bowl, flashing the Avengers ‘A’. He rushed into his room, opening his wardrobe and the back panel of the wardrobe, showing a small compartment that contained a black bag, with all his suit and boots in, picking up the shield from beside the bag, slipping it into the bag and then over his arm. He headed back to the front door and grabbed his phone, his keys, and the Avengers pager. He headed out his door, locking it quickly and rushing down into the lobby, nodding at the SHIELD agent who was stood at the door, following him into the black car parked outside.
“Nice to see you again, Cap,” she watched him until he stopped next to her, not letting him return the greeting before she turned and headed into the jet. He watched her head in, following her in.
The shop Tony stopped outside of looked too high class. Steve spotted one of the price tags from the passenger seat and nearly passed out right there.
The ride didn’t take too long after he’d finished the file, setting it on the seat next to his and unclipping his seatbelt, heading up to the front of the jet, hand on the back of Clint’s seat.
Sam laughed as he came back over, “wow, Mr. Superstar, you’ve got yourself a fan!” He gestured back to the singer who was fanning himself while talking to the guitarist, glancing at Steve every now and then.
Send tweet.
He ordered his drink, handing Peter a twenty dollar note and telling him to keep the change. He moved to the side and went and sat in his usual seat. He took his sketchpad out of his bag and flipped it open, finding a clean page. Around five minutes later, Peter came over with his drink.
“Yeah, that’s me, what’s..” he gestured to the package.
“Nope, this isn’t right,” Tony stated, nodding and looking up at Steve. “You look amazing though, the style isn’t right for you. Next one please, Gabriel.”
“And why is it you three are suddenly joining me?” Steve asked, his Captain voice ringing loud and clear in the cold metal of the jet.
Tony tugged on his arm gently, looking up at him, “You want to go dance?”
Steve hummed softly. He was asked to go. Natasha caught him after a mission a few weeks back, catching him their debriefing. She’d asked to come, even if it was just to show his face. She joked about sharing a dance but then was quickly shut down when Steve told her he was busy. But, Natasha being Natasha, she didn’t have it. She tried again, telling him that it was for a good cause. Again, Steve declined, trying to move past her but only to be stopped for a second time.
Steve sighed, closing his eyes before opening them and smiling down at Tony, “ten.”
Steve answered the message when he woke up from a sixteen-hour nap he collapsed into after getting back to his apartment.
“That doesn’t matter. You’re both people, just... I don’t know, talk to him? Get a coffee with each other, go to the gym or something.”
Steve blinked a few times before meeting Tony’s gaze, “I’m an awful dancer.”
He did give a shit about the hundreds of armed aliens falling through portals in the centre of New York.
Steve read the caption a few times before clicking the little like button at the bottom of the post, feeling a weird sense of respect fill his chest. Iron Man and Captain America hadn’t really ever got on, neither had Tony Stark and Captain America, but Tony had never defended Cap like this before, not that Steve had any knowledge of, it was usually childish bickering then both of them going their separate ways. That was the main reason Steve didn’t stick around after missions, the number of invites he’d declined to go for food or to just hang out with the team purely because of his and Tony’s arguments. It was silly, really.
The radio was easy to work out, they had radios in the 1940s and he could read a manual perfectly fine. The coffee machine was a little more troubling for him. After a few attempts, he asked the young man behind the counter for some help. He’d joked with the man, saying that he’d never used one before and that he only owned instant coffee so the machines were new to him. But the phone.. the phone was a new one for him. He’d read the manual and had a look online using the library computers, but most of it was just instinct for people. Unfortunately, Steve didn’t have that instinct.
Groups of teenagers sat on the benches provided, some with sketchpads out, some scribbling down notes in coloured pens. Older couples walking hand in hand down the street past Steve, some stopping to looking into the large glass front of the building, others walking straight past it. Dog owners strolling past with their excitable dogs bounding along. Tony Stark waving at him--.
“I loved it, I don’t usually like modern art but that was incredible. The whole technology exhibition was good, but I think I’m a little biased,” Steve teased, looking over the menu in front of him.
He took a picture of the article and sent it to Tony, adding a caption:
The world wasn’t ready to know that plain, old Steve Rogers was Captain America. It was the one thing that he’d asked of Fury, just to keep his name out of the public light. No one knew Steve Rogers was Captain America, not even Iron Man. Not even Tony Stark. He did initially feel bad for concealing his identity, but what was the point of people knowing? He didn’t want to be hounded by the press like Tony was. He was all over the TV and the radio, slandered in newspapers and magazines for no reason, Steve didn’t want that for himself. Tony didn’t care, it was how he had been brought up, to always be in the limelight. Steve had just given up his limelight, that’s all. He didn’t want or need recognition for the stuff he did as Cap, they weren’t the same person, Steve liked the clear line between the two.
Tony Stark waving at him.
SR: I’m not mad, just amazed you use smiley faces in your messages. You don’t seem like the kind of guy to do that.
Steve nodded, taking the bag and heading back into the changing for the third time. He quickly changed out of the suit and hung it up. He pulled the new suit out and took a breath in. The material was soft under his touch, the dark maroon glinting from the overhead lights.
Steve was pacing. Wringing his hands as he walked around the meeting room, breathing deeply. He tried to calm himself down. He was going to talk to Tony. He was going to fix this, even if it meant letting Tony go. He needed to explain himself.
The trio had set up their things, bags in the corner, Tony talking quietly to Clint as they started up the jet.
He saw a lot of accounts that edited pictures of the team, some with himself wearing little flower crowns, or somewhere their suits had been changed to be different colours. He saw different accounts that attacked a lot of the actions of the teams, calling them ‘war-seekers’ and saying that they don’t own up for their actions. Steve scoffed as he read it because he knew Tony donated a lot of money back into the community via different cleanup organisations and donated a lot of money to local charities to help those people affected.
“I’m ready.”
“Unbelievable.”
But one message caught his eyes, one from Tony Stark.
Tony lit up, nodding and grabbing his phone from the front of the jet before sitting back down and opening Twitter.
Tony didn’t look back, his shoulders shaking with anger and holding in sobs.
Steve recognised the boy instantly, the boy looking at Steve and his smile getting even bigger if that were possible.
“No! Tony, I’m in lov--”
“I don’t think that’s his choice really. I wanted to redesign his suit a while ago but.. I guess we don’t really get along that well. I just think he doesn’t like me, but then, I am hard to get along with.”
Tony went to stand up, pushing away from the bed but Steve grabbed his hand, wincing as he moved, feeling the stitches on his chest open.
“I want to argue that but I have a feeling we’ll be here all day if we continue.”
Tony’s eyes went wide, spinning around and trying to open the door. Slamming his fist against it before breathing out slowly, turning to face Steve.
“I only just got here,” Steve lied, smiling and slipping his phone into his back pocket, “you wanna head inside?”
“Oh, there’s something you need,” Tony told him, moving over and holding out a hand.
“Yeah, that’s normal considering her line of work and all.”
Steve wasn’t an idiot. He knew how a lot of stuff in the 21st century worked: the radio in his apartment, the coffee machine at the library, even his phone. He had bought himself a smartphone a few months after he was ‘woken up’.
“Sure thing, honey.” Steve could hear the smile in the words he spoke.
“I didn’t think I’d see the suit in somewhere like this,” Tony admitted, voice low in the quiet room, “I didn’t think people considered a war machine art.”
“I mean, fuck, dude, does he know you’re Cap?”
TS: Wow, honey! I’m getting all flustered watching you be an amazing person. How do you keep managing to surprise me?
“You’re fucking one of them too, you dirty fuc-” he couldn’t finish the sentence as Steve’s fist collided with his nose, sending him flying back on to the platform ground.
“I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
The team had been flown out to London, Clint in the pilot's seat with Natasha next to him, just Steve sat in the back with his shield. Iron Man and Thor would be meeting them there, he believed Iron Man, but Steve didn’t think Thor had any idea where London was.
The lights were slightly overwhelming, the noise too; all the shouting from various cameramen and women. Different news reporters all trying to get close to Tony and Steve.
“Yeah.”
“No, really, she’s the well-oiled machine that drives SI, I just build stuff.”
TS: You’re going to make enemies if you keep saying I’m the best. You’re also going to make my ego grow and it really doesn’t need that ;)
“It was all Pepper’s doing, I’m only there to sign contracts.”
“Yep, just the colour,” he grinned, slowly walking over to Steve.
“Tony’s going. You could go together, have a nice night together, actually get to know the people behind the masks.” Natasha watched him carefully after finishing her sentence, narrowing her eyes slightly when Steve shook his head.
TS: And I’m sure it’s lovely, but im getting you a new one, im thinking green and something velvet but thats a little surprise for tomorrow! 10am sharp, okay?
Steve got up and headed to his bedroom, opening his closet and frowning at the contents. He had several shirts hung up, a few pairs of pants and a couple of jackets. No way he could wear any of this to the gala. He’d have to go out and buy something soon.
“We’ve got trouble, Cap! Looks like they’re using some kind of portal! They’re just pouring through it!” Clint yelled back to him, setting the jet down in an open area, filing out with him and Natasha.
“I thought you had left,” Tony admitted finally, voice wavering as he spoke, “most people after they get what they want from me.”
He set his phone down and just lay in the fading light for a while, closing his eyes and listening to Brooklyn traffic outside his window; the shouts of the people and the honking of cars horns echoing in his bedroom. He inhaled deeply, before slowly sitting up again, taking the phone from off the bed and bringing the message up again.
Steve put on an exhausted smile for them, limping over to where they were all stood together. He saw them smile back then saw looks of horror.
TS: Are you still mad at me? I can’t have my only protector mad at me ):
“Hey, what’s your fucking problem? Leave the kids alone,” he told them, moving to stand in front of the teenagers, staring down the three men.
It wasn’t like the mission ended badly. They stopped the robot threat, they got the portal closed and destroyed all the remaining bots running around London streets. It was just messy. Majorly messy.
The more people he passed, the more he grinned, his face ached from it. He’d never imagined he could walk so freely and represent himself the way he was. He’d had a few people come up to him and ask if he was the Nazi-punching guy from Twitter, he laughed every time he was asked and nodded, shaking his head when the people thanked him,
“Any time you want to leave, just say the word and we’ll go. I mean it, alright? Stuff like this isn’t for everyone and the press are absolute vultures at events like this and--”
“It’s from Mr. Stark, told me it was to help you ‘get well soon’, but you look fine to me.”
It took a few hours to take all the kids home, Johnny getting dropped off first, then Gwen, then MJ and finally Peter.
He went into the bathroom, showering quickly and then changing into a new set of clothes, some grey joggers and a t-shirt. He was towelling off his hair when he heard a knock at his door.
The way Tony spoke really amazed Steve. The way he connected everything together, the way he lost his train of thought to just pick it right back up. His topics involved everything and anything; the suit, the tower, a hard puzzle JARVIS found him, his love for classic rock. The list went on, and Steve loved every addition.
‘TONY STARK AND MYSTERY LOVER SPOTTED IN NEW YORK’
Steve rolled his eyes after he’d read the message, it was sweet really, the little warning. Maybe Tony really didn’t know who he was. He wouldn’t have warned Captain America to stop defending him, he probably would have told Cap to carry on.
Steve nodded, glancing around the store as they walked in. There were mannequins lined up on the walls each wearing ridiculously expensive suits in all colours; maroon, navy, lime, flower prints.
“It’s how I like to be.”
He grinned at the picture of them kissing before pressing send tweet.
Steve wasn’t sure if giving Tony his home address was the right idea, but the only thing in the apartment that could connect Steve and Captain America was the shield, the uniform, and the little Avengers beacon, which were all easy to hide. He felt guilty lying to Tony, but it was for his own good.
He was amazed to see a video of himself on Twitter that night tearing down flags and shouting at Nazis, the caption on the original video wrote: “A true American hero” and Steve felt insanely proud, the video had nearly 25,000 retweets and thousands of comments supporting him. Some of the comments complained about him taking peoples right to free speech away, but he didn’t care about those comments.
“It’s gonna be a long day for PR.”
“Dance? Sure, you know any good moves? I’m looking forward to those.”
“Thank you,” Tony grinned, standing on his tiptoes and pressing a kiss against Steve’s cheek before heading to the other side of the shop. He came back a few minutes later with a pair of shiny black brogues in his hand.
“Maybe, it’s hard to stop sometimes.”
TS: Sounds wonderful, honey. I’ll see you then ;)
“Oh, you should be.”
Steve set his phone down, glaring at it for a few seconds before getting up off his sofa and heading into the kitchen to stress eat.
Steve nodded, squeezing their joined hands tightly, looking out the window at the waves of people waiting for them before settling his gaze back on Tony.
Steve got back to work, heating up a pan and spreading butter in the base of it. He whisked the eggs and added everything into the pan, searching for a spatula before freezing when he spotted Tony in the doorway in a matching robe.
Tony stayed quiet, nodding slightly against Steve’s chest. Steve squeezed his sides gently, kissing his head again.
Steve stared at his phone for a few seconds before jumping at the buzzing from the Avengers pager sat in his key bowl. He shoved his phone in his pocket, rushing in his bedroom to collect his gear before quickly making his way down to the lobby, nodding his head to the SHIELD agent, getting into the black car out front of his building.
Steve messaged his thanks straight away after reading the note, ignoring how his cheeks felt warm and he felt content for the first time in a long time.
Steve laughed, taking the hanger and heading back into the changing room. He changed again, hanging the clothes up before unzipping the last time. He pulled on the black suit pants, tucking the white shirt into the pants before pulling on the soft sea bluegreen jacket. He smiled at himself in the mirror, running a hand through his hair before slowly making his way into the main room.
Steve slowly moved his pinky against Tony’s, feeling a rush of confidence and slipping his hand into Tony’s. He felt Tony go slowly rigid next to him before squeezing his hand. Steve knew his cheeks were pink, even in the low light of the exhibition room.
“Sure thing, Cap,” came the reply, repulsors echoing through the line.
“Tony, c’mon, this is too much for me.”
“Yep, that’s it. That’s your hint.”
“You were sloppy. That’s all there is to it. Me and Widow kept the two ships under control while you were doing God knows what up there. Maybe the low oxygen has gone to your head.”
“Okay.. just make sure Mr. Stark is okay! He never comes to see me at work anymore,” He told Steve, pouting slightly as he spoke.
The third app he got was called Twitter. He had overheard a few people on the subway talking about it, something about a thread and that it was funny. No harm in looking, he thought to himself as he set his shopping down on his kitchen counter, taking out his phone and searching for it in the app store, putting his shopping away as it downloaded.
“I meant actually dance.”
“Any luck finding Loki?” Steve asked, voice ragged as he picked his shield back up off the floor.
“I’m amazed that even Tony Stark forgets the days of the week, you might want to look over those,” Steve smirked, leaning back in his chair.
“Not yet, Cap, I’m still looking. Heads up, you’ve got another breach coming your way,” Tony replied, engines roaring on his end of the line.
“You aren’t always, you broke your leg a few months ago, that was nasty.”
“Save it, Stark,” she smiled, squeezing his hands before looking to Steve, a glint in her eyes.
The soft music filled the hall, the orchestra playing quietly at the back of the large room. Tony turned to face Steve, playing his hand on Steve’s waist and clasping their free hands together, smiling when Steve placed his free hand on Tony’s shoulder.
He didn’t like to think it was his smooth voice or his cool demeanour that got to Steve, but he was only human.
“I’m sure they’ll be livid, but it’s not really their place to be picky. We have bigger issues than you coming clean on Twitter.”
He hadn’t expected to fracture both legs, crack 6 ribs, get a concussion and puncture a lung. But, life is unpredictable sometimes. He was in the hospital for a few days, only being able to leave after he stopped wincing every time he moved. The team came to see him, but he asked to be kept anonymous, either keeping his helmet on or keeping the curtain closed when he needed to take his helmet off. The team thought it was strange, but they didn’t complain. Even Tony seemed relieved he was okay, although seemed down about something. Steve just couldn’t place it.
The pair wandered for a while, Tony chatting and charming anyone who spoke to him. Stark Industries had many business partners and Tony was pretty much required to talk to every single one of the CEOs and representatives that he saw. After the fourteenth one, he started flagging.
“Yes and no, I’m more nervous to meet your teammates than I am anything else,” Steve confessed, and it was true. He was scared one of them would recognise him and that it would all be over because Steve was too scared to lose Tony than be an adult and talk to him about the whole issue.
“Sure, you could always just message him though,” and with that, the man closed Steve’s door, leaving the parcel and himself alone.
“I wasn’t sure but I think I might keep it now, I just wanted to see if you’d like it,” Steve replied, grinning and following Tony as he got in the car.
The date went well. They got on better than Steve could have ever thought, they joked, teased, rolled off each other. They were fluid. They fit well with each other. Steve’s cheeks hurt from smiling, from laughing. His chest felt lighter than it had in a long time. They had sat in the shop for a good few hours, their finished cups lay forgotten on the table, both of them seemed to have leaned closer to each other, talking with heads bent towards each, only leaving back to laugh.
“He’s been messaging me on Twitter, like for a few weeks now. He sent me the video of me beating those guys up in the subway and then like..”
He headed back into the kitchen, picking his phone up again.
“It’s only an omelette,” Steve laughed, sitting down next to Tony and starting to eat.
Steve blushed, the room feeling much warmer with Tony staring at him. He averted his eyes before going straight back to Tony who was rumbling with his phone.
“Please, Stark Industries doesn’t need any more business connections, honey, it’s just a press thing for us.”
He’d read the article a few times before pressing on the little symbol and bringing his keyboard back, his blood boiling as he wrote.
“It was only right someone tried to stop them, just glad I could help really.”
“It’s happened to me before, I only want to make sure it doesn’t happen to anyone else.”
“Sounds fun, you guys been out since the coffee shop? She asked, tucking her legs under her as she relaxed, leaning against Clint’s side.
“C’mon, I’ll take you home, which way are you heading?” He asked, smiling when the eldest-looking told him Brooklyn, “I’m heading there too, my friends are waiting for me over there, let’s get out of here.”
They did it though, the managed to collect the intel and destroy the base, leaving it a smouldering mess in the Swiss mountains. Steve didn’t like to admit he wrong, but it definitely wasn’t a solo mission, he was thankful for the backup.
“Come on out so we can see it,” he heard Tony call.
“Do a little spin for us, honey,” Tony told him, smiling and heading over.
He was early to the shop, a little place in New York that was somewhat near Stark tower. There weren’t many places you could go without seeing it; it was far enough away that Steve felt more at ease. Not that he didn’t trust the tower, but the idea of lying to Tony still didn’t sit well with him, a heavy ball of anxiety in the pit of his stomach.
