"Then I love him, too."
They'd forgotten Sherlock, who had rushed the one with the knife first, punching him and then using the momentum of his return attack to throw him off balance, holding his wrist as he threw him to the ground and stomped on his arm with a sickening crack. He kicked away the knife and then delivered a swift one to his ribs for good measure.
A stab of white-hot rage shot through Molly and she concealed it, but only just. No one gave a damn about her arm. John was wondering if poor, fragile, helpless Molly was ready to face the real world yet. She took a deep breath, held it for a moment, and breathed out the worst of her anger. John was trying to be kind. “I mostly spend my days with dead people, John. It’ll be fine. I can’t hide in your room forever.”
John's brain stalled, having exhausted its observational powers. Sherlock would no doubt roll his eyes at his blindness.
John took a sip. “More importantly, you have plenty of reason to feel afraid. Sometimes anxiety attacks present as anger.  It’s not always rocking and crying.”
been thinking about a good bit lately? Heroin. You've been bored lately; before this kidnapping case, we were going on a month with nothing higher than a 6. You haven't decided to do it, of course, but you moved your works recently so you've been getting it out just to look at it. And I just know you'd love it. So would it have been OK if I'd shot you up while you were sleeping? Just a pleasant surprise, yes?"
"Dogs. Doctor Who. Bacon sandwiches. You." He nipped playfully at Sherlock's lower lip.
"Jack," The young man introduce himself, clinking his glass against hers.
Sherlock nodded as though that made sense. "Do you ever wake up in the middle an episode?"
John arched an eyebrow at him. "Sex rules are non-negotiable after that stunt you just pulled. You can't have exciting and impulsive if we're not communicating about where the boundaries are." Frank surprise shot across Sherlock's face before a pleased smile took over. "I think we can both agree that our hooking up was inevitable, right?"
John watched his watch as he took her pulse. "You were clear enough about what you wanted that he felt the need to hurt you. This isn't yur fault." He settled back on the coffee table and they discussed her physical health. John wanted her to go to the hospital to have bloodwork drawn, evidence collected, and given medication to reduce her risk of pregnancy and STDs. Sherlock protested that John could do all of that from the flat. John argued that he didn't have a rape kit and that Molly would probably prefer a female practitioner for that. Sherlock stormed over to his half of the kitchen table and produced a half-dozen slides, sealed swabs, and sterile equipment, and pointed out that they were gay, for god's sake, so why should Molly care.
John stirred the drink in front of him and tore his eyes away from Sherlock's hand squeezing a round, bouncing breast before he became too visibly aroused. "Are you trying to get me drunk?" he teased, taking a tentative sip. A quiet voice in the back of his mind told him that this drink was a bad idea, but his commitment to listening to it had disappeared with the last glass. The bartender -- Chris, according to his nametag -- had wavy blond hair and honey-brown eyes that were full of good humor and mischief.
Both of them looked to Molly, who squeezed her eyes shut and twisted the bottom of her sweater. She opened them and nodded at Sherlock, who nodded back. "I'll call Sally." He ignored the twin shocked expressions directed at him.
me of my attacker, it's him. You know all that because
. He wiggled his bum slightly and Sherlock chuckled as he sank the finger further inside him. He was swishing his tongue across the head of Sherlock’s cock when a clever finger brushed over his prostate.
.  I grieved losing you like I grieved losing him, and I was just as scared of losing you a second time. The difference is that when I was ready to risk it, you were ready, too. We were both scared, but you were in it with me, and that time we jumped together.”
John lifted his cup in acknowledgement. "True, I would like to see her eating a little more regularly. But she's not drinking, she's not taking drugs, she is not working herself until she passes out from exhaustion to keep from having to think." He cocked a pointed eyebrow at Sherlock, who had narrowed his eyes at him. "A more self-destructive person might handle this sort of trauma very poorly, don't you agree?"
John noticed that she had taken the tea but wasn't drinking it; that she was looking around the flat as though disoriented; that she was perched on the edge of the sofa, looking ready to bolt; that her respiration rate was slightly elevated. He took a step closer to her and her eyes snapped to him. Pupils dilated, respiration increased. He retreated a step, then two. He sat down on the floor, across the coffee table and down at the far corner, giving her a clear escape.
He was having to redirect his cock quite a lot, though, as John kept letting quiet moans and groans and sighs slip out as Sherlock slowly ran his hands over his well-muscled back. When he realized the only tight muscles left were John's glutes, Sherlock willed himself to maintain his cool detachment and worked on massaging them. It didn't work, so he settled for carefully keeping his hips off of John's body as he felt John's arse quiver and go limp under his fingers. Eventually, he lifted off and instructed John to roll over with a nearly bored intonation.
The unspoken apology hung between them, and John nodded his acceptance. "Rules --."
Sally kept her eyes on Molly, who sighed. "We shared a bottle of wine. I had about 3 glasses, so I guess he would've had 2? Anyway, it was a lovely evening, and he walked me home. I meant to leave him at the outside door of the building, but he insisted on walking me to the door of my flat. I probably should have realized ..." Sherlock squeezed her hand reassuringly and Sally nodded at her to continue.  "We kissed goodnight in front of my door. Snogged a bit, really. He asked to come in and I said no, and something cheeky about it being our first date. I told him I'd text him tomorrow -- well, today, now -- and said goodbye. I didn't invite him in." She said this last part pleadingly; Sherlock nodded soberly and kissed her knuckles.
, I love you," he whispered before clutching at him, panting into John's mouth as his orgasm broke over him.
Sherlock was trying to fix his wayward hair using the camera on his mobile as a mirror. "Don't be ridiculous, John, the generator doesn't power the camera. The red light's not even on."
John shook his head. "Not about that, really. I mean, yes, I read him the riot act a bit, but the row was more about other stuff." Lestrade held his gaze, waiting patiently. "Stuff from Sherock's past."
Greg began kissing his way down John's neck, nipping and sucking in turns. John was adrift on a wave of pleasure when Sherlock's rumbling baritone cut through. "Your refractory period is short for a man your age."
Sherlock's voice was faintly amused. "I must say that you were quite helpful in that regard. Being able to watch John up close and get immediate feedback made all the difference."
, all of his previous partners had been bastards who had not given a toss about his comfort, much less his pleasure. This should have been perfectly obvious, naturally, but Sherlock set that aside for now, because he had a new plan: to do the exact opposite of everything that had ever been done to him by everyone else, and to instead emulate John.
It was half eleven, and Sherlock needed John for the case. He looked hesitantly at Molly. "Donovan wanted you to contact her when you woke up." He seemed a little hurt to have been faced with proof of Molly's lie, and a little embarrassed about having to let her know he knew.
ended up with an overseas account linked to him, despite the fact that the other two we nailed both claimed he wasn't involved. He's in lockup for another few years. Sherlock took one look at us and knew. That's why he called me to take your statement."
your fault."
"You landed on your head, earned yourself a moderate concussion and a decent abrasion.  It was a scary looking amount of blood, but you only needed a few stitches."
when it was John, whose character he had never thought to question.
A week passed, and John had been right: the fuzzyheaded, distant sensation had eventually faded.  Molly had already been scheduled for a few days off, and then she called in for another two days at John's insistence so her arm could heal. On the fifth day, Molly forced herself out of bed, letting the hot spray of the shower slowly coax her into alertness. The bruises on her arm and hips were yellowed and fading, and the sharp anxiety had finally given way to numbness. She was still staying with John and Sherlock, but Sherlock’s hovering was growing tiresome. After toweling off and getting dressed, Molly twisted her hair into a long plait and considered her appearance.
Molly frowned. "It was--" She cleared her throat, tried again. "I just wanted to get it out of the way, on my own terms."
–” He gestured at the news articles – “Is well beyond my reckoning.”
"No," John protested. "You are much more than this. You're better than this."
Sherlock looked miserable as she strode out the door. Molly ignored the sick guilt weighing in the bottom of her stomach.
Sherlock's rage had cracked him in two, and all of it, his rage, and love, and every other bloody
Greg's insistent tongue grew slower and he moaned into John's mouth, which set a fire in John's belly. "Shit," he grunted against Greg's lips. Greg broke away to pant, resting his cheek against John's for a moment as Sherlock's talented fingers worked them both. John pulled him back in and for a minute, they tried valiantly to kiss as they chased their climaxes.
Flicks of tongue teased around the edges. "Yeah?" John's voice was muffled. "What about me?"
John knew he should move, should stop this. Sherlock was lost in the sensory experience and he would be embarrassed tomorrow. But he had wanted it for so long that he found himself frozen in place.
ex-boyfriend, even."
“John,” he gasped as he pushed into him more urgently, eyes wild, looking suddenly overwhelmed.
Molly's eyes blurred and she excused herself to the loo, where she peeled off her clothes and ran the shower before she finally relieved herself. She kicked her sticky underwear off and dropped them in the bin, then stood to flush as she unbuttoned her shirt. She caught a glimpse of herself and groaned -- splotchy face, frizzy hair, bite marks on her neck, swollen lips, smudged makeup. Walk of shame, indeed.
John snorted, tugging back at Sherlock’s lower lip with his teeth for a moment. “You can be as incorrigible as you want, as long as you do it with your finger up….
Molly was confused. "No? What's he have to do with it?"
Sherlock looked down at his elbows, at the scars there. "I'm not so sure," he murmured quietly.
Lestrade found his voice first. "You're barking up the wrong tree, mate. As Sherlock likes to remind us, he's a high-functioning sociopath; he doesn't feel shame." It was a bit not good, but it got them out of the moment. "Mr. Tucker, I genuinely don't believe there's any evidence that Dr. Watson is your attacker. And as the statute of limitations has passed on pressing charges, I'm afraid we can't reopen your case. I'm very sorry." Sherlock let out the breath he'd been holding as relief washed over him. There was a lot of damage Vincent could do to John without pressing charges, of course, but without an investigation (or the help of Sherlock Holmes), nothing was likely to come to light. For better or worse, John was safe.
"Sod off," Greg replied good naturedly.
Sherlock merely rolled his eyes before taking a sip of his coffee.
John smirked, pulling Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and running his hands over the warm skin underneath. "That was a pitiful joke," he murmured, "But I'm inclined to accommodate you anyway."
John remembered. He'd just gotten home from a run and had peeled off his sweatshirt as soon as he'd walked in the door. The T-shirt underneath was damp from sweat and sticking to him uncomfortably. When he straightened up from untying his trainers, he caught Sherlock averting his gaze from his arms guiltily. "Well, who could blame you?" John teased, trying to laugh the whole thing off. "Just because you appreciate someone else's body doesn't mean you want to shag them. I've admired your long neck before; doesn't mean I've been fantasizing about you."
John swirled his tongue against Sherlock's in a way that ran straight to his cock.
“Well, it’s about time. Let’s get on with it, shall we?”
certain about how this was going to end. Hopefully John wasn't so lust-addled that he skimped on the preparation.
“Wait a mo—!”
“No.” Sherlock rolled and looked at the ceiling. “Logically, I know it’s insignificant. I know you think it doesn’t matter, but I’d rather you weren’t the person I was fumbling through it with. I find myself consumed with—”
Sure enough, by 4:00, Sherlock tracked the man's IP address and had him brought to NSY.
to them, and raised the armrest between he and Sherlock. Scooting in close and pressing his lips to Sherlock's ear, he murmured pleasantly. "Shut the fuck up and let everyone enjoy the movie, yeah?"
"Manners," John reminded him in a dangerous voice.
With that, he stopped deducing and turned his full attention to the kiss, humming his pleasure into John's mouth and growing slightly dizzy as John reached a hand up to the back of his head to press in closer. He began to feel a bit faint and giggled a bit.
Now it was John’s turn to be uncomfortably confused. “Sherlock?”
He exhaled an amused noise and kissed her again. "Hi, Molly. I'm not so sure about this blindfold, especially with some of the other stuff Sherlock has planned."
A warm hand closed around John's. "Want some help with that?" Greg's warm brown eyes were crinkled with mischief and John smiled, letting Greg take over. He hummed his approval as Greg's strong fingers slid over his erection. "Been waiting ages to get a hand on this," Greg admitted, looking down. "Fuck, you're gorgeous."
--------
John shook his head. “I don’t top.” He leaned forward, kissing Sherlock slowly, rocking into his hand. “I’d like to bottom, though, when you’re done ogling.”
just call
"Hmm. It was memorable."
John leaned close, biting his ear before growling into it. "So next time I tap out..?"
in love with him." John dropped his gaze miserably, but Sherlock slogged through to the end. "That's why you didn't tell me."
Chris covered up his surprise and disappointment pretty quickly, considering all the innuendo John had been throwing at him. "You want me to recommend a dancer for a more satisfying private session?"
," as he realized he was bumping against Sherlock's prostate. He thrust firmly again. "Like that?" Sherlock moaned. He repositioned his knees for more leverage and rolled his hips again. The urge to drive into Sherlock, take him hard, claim him was overwhelming him. He made himself count out 40 more hip rolls before he added a hard
, he'd thought. But John was a doctor, a medic, a healer. His job had never been to kill.
The first thing Sherlock noticed, and it took embarrassingly longer than it ought to have done, was that John was being abnormally quiet. Sherlock, of course, had been careening as usual from rambling for hours to silent absorption in his mind palace or experiments or violin. Normally, John would be constantly steering him toward midline, never letting his tendencies toward mania or isolation go unchecked for very long, but lately he'd been indulging his mood swings without comment. Once Sherlock realized that John was letting him lead, he thought back and realized that John had not initiated a single exchange in weeks. And once he realized
from them, and realize that I'm acting crazy."
Sherlock huffed out an amused breath. “Definitely.”
Smirking, Sherlock flicked his wrist the way he knew John liked. His Adan's Apple bobbed audibly but he didn't move or make any noise. Hmm. Sherlock settled in to play, varying the pressure and speed of his strokes, paying intense but fleeting attention to his frenulum and corona and making sure everything stayed slick with pre-come.
. She opened her mouth and then he slid his tongue against hers and they were flat-out snogging in the middle of a pub. He pulled away, grinning, and pulled her by the hand to a quiet hallway. Then he leaned down, his mouth frantically seeking hers. His big hands pulled her face close, then one drifted down her body to skim her breast before squeezing her arse.
Silence.
Sherlock glanced up. “You didn’t want me touching it a moment ago.”
When they were alone again, Sherlock glowered at John as he watched him sink back into his chair. "Quite a speech you made at the end."
," cut in a very attractive man in his thirties. Behind him, Steve shrugged, not even looking apologetic. The man wrapped a hand around John's forearm, pulling him in close. "We've heard so much about you."
John was holding his breath, and his eyes were wide as Sherlock breached him, and then he was panting a bit as the slight, pleasant burn turned into hot-poker discomfort, then shards-of-glass pain.  “Sherlock,” he gasped, desperately.
and felt a bit of the sadness leach from him. That things with John would never be what they were, or weren't, as the case may be, was obvious. Sherlock had been foolish and sentimental and it had taken Hiroshima for him to recognize it. He couldn't --
Molly let out a yelp as he bottomed out, and he quickly pulled back, worried she was in pain. She locked eyes with him. "More," she urged. "Hard."
Sherlock reminded himself, although John’s eyes glinted mischeviously when Sherlock grasped him by the hair. He finally came up for a breath before sinking back down, keeping Sherlock’s eye contact all the while. Heat flooded through Sherlock and he gripped John’s hair more tightly, pulling him up a few inches. “If you don’t stop …”
Suddenly, a large hand clapped on John's shoulder, causing him to startle and draw his fingers away from where they'd been inching toward the bartender's. John twirled around -- yes, twirled -- to see Sherlock's quirked eyebrow. "Hate to interrupt your fun, but we're done. Unless you're staying, of course."
They tumbled into a black cab that Sherlock summoned out of thin air, and John could see it, just a little bit, the walls starting to build back up behind Sherlocks eyes, his posture stiffening minutely. Well, that just would not do.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John just insinuated himself closer, swirling his fingers through Sherlock’s chest hair and nosing at his ear. “Truly. You’re
John shrugged, slurping his last sip of coffee and pouring himself another cup. “Who am I to stop her?”
John took a moment to hear what was not being said. "You think you took something that was laced?" Sherlock winced; John knew he hated to be reminded of his drugs use and especially hated talking about it to John. "Please, Sherlock."
Anxiety was building in John's chest as he remembered Sherlock's hesitance, his timidity in bed when they'd finally acknowledged to each other how they felt. He'd put that down to inexperience with having a partner he actually loved, whose pleasure mattered to him, but seeing how he'd been with Molly made him question it. "Raped, or assaulted?"
, because
“Just because I’m annoyed with you doesn’t mean I’m not impressed.”
Rocking forward into it, into John, Sherlock let their brows touch, breathing in John’s next exhale, “That’s also good,” he told him.
Puffing out a laboured exhale, wrapped within a spectacular mewl, Sherlock shimmied in a wanton fidget and flicked his pleading gaze between them, “John…
what I’m getting. We will
Sherlock shifted, cutting him off, and John watched with his gut twisting, lingering fizzes of pleasure roughly and immediately extinguished as he got up onto his shaky legs, “I need a shower,” he muttered and shoved at John with a snarl when he stepped towards him. “
"Wouldn't I?"
"Doesn't make his happiness any less infectious," John said, catching Sherlock's hand in his to stop his wringing and worrying.
“No, I know you’re not,” Sherlock said, sounding annoyed. “You’re not
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, "Take off your pants."
"Just do it, Sherlock," John sighed.
Humming with a smile, though seeming unconvinced, Sherlock nuzzled into his jaw and then stepped away completely, “Good to know...” he nodded and after staring at him, examining him, and looking shyly down at the ground, he made a flapping gesture toward the bathroom. “Now you may bathe… I’ll… wait until you’re out for that cuppa.”
. Snap.”
Trapping hold of John’s digits with his, Sherlock sighed, “Should I apologise for whatever it was I said to make you angrily power walk?”
“I’ll eat them,” Sherlock replied with a casual shrug. “I hated them as a child, of course.”
to sleep, so what do you think?”
“Firstly, it's a
“This can
?” John hissed.
“You okay?” John whispered, lifting his shaky hand to wipe away a stray tear which had slipped down Sherlock's cheek. He leaned sideways into Greg for some stability and grounding, amazed and happy it had such a positive effect. Greg nosed at his fringe and stroked at some puffy mounds of Sherlock’s dark curls. “It's alright, we're here. Not going anywhere.” John tilted his head to look at Greg with a weak, loopy smile and gestured with his chin. “Lay down beside him and just touch him a little. None sexual areas, obviously. He… he needs a soft touch after something like this.”
John looked annoyed, but fond, talking over him, “That’s not what you’re supposed to say.”
“I don't know, just general stuff. Silly stuff...” he mumbled, shrugging, “And as many as we can be bothered asking. - We'll play a few hands and see what happens?”
John’s lips twitched imperceptibly higher for a fraction of a second but then all Sherlock could focus on was the way John’s eyes flicked down to his lips before he started to lean closer. Head full and heart bursting at the seams, Sherlock held his suddenly panting breath and met him halfway. He felt as if he were melting. So hot he were liquefying into a dribbling heap as they got nearer, body heat melding, nose tips touching. They kissed, once, then twice, until John carefully cupped his steady, loyal, reliable hand at Sherlock’s nape and kissed him differently, mouth supple, eager and sultry. The kiss was deeper and longer than the others, but just as tender, just as sweet, and Sherlock revelled in it, eyes rolling up in bliss.
“Er… yeah, yeah, it's certainly...
?” Sherlock suddenly snapped, waving one of his arms at the small space the cave provided, and then shuddering involuntarily. “You’ve taken up the only space available!”
“Peter Pan stayed young forever,” John sighed, “I'm just getting older, fatter and greyer. - I
. Because of this, she now thinks she has permission to do anything she pleases – Granted, she owns the building, but we are paying for this space! We own it. This is
“Do you
“Careful,” John said with a smirk, but only held out a hand to keep him steady. “Don’t want to fall down the stairs.”
doing statements again,” Sherlock told the man as he reached the door. “Real or fake.”
Sherlock bit down a gasp before chuckling, “Circumstances and biology…” Sherlock canted his hips forward fractionally, “You’re bigger than I deduced.”
"That
, any way. - And, as you know, my sleeping schedule is
“You’re
"But we don't... we don't
… Sherlock, kiss me… I'm
,” he said, getting more and more curious the longer he stared at John. “But things that I like are not small…nor something that you know unless I tell you, and I
like your mouth,” John breathed, sucking Sherlock’s bottom lip passed his teeth and then letting it go with a wet pop. “God—we should have done this sooner.”
“Could never replace him.” Sherlock remained against John, hiding his wet gaze and contorted mouth, until most of the residual pain and anguish had withdrawn, leaving him exhausted and generally bleak, “Thank you…”
…” he rumbled enthusiastically. “But if you want to bring me to completion, it will not take… take that long. Not long at all.” As if to prove this point, his legs gave a hard quiver and he slumped down, sliding to his knees, body sliding away from John's fingers. “I’m… I’m
,” Greg nodded, almost to himself, and then brushed his hand up Sherlock’s chest, along his throat, and over his ear to sink into his hair. “Why don’t you beg John to let you come then, eh?”
Sherlock let out a hissing sigh through his grinding teeth and looked skyward frustratingly, “Twelve,” he muttered and got ready to continue, grumpily glaring when John lifted his eyebrow. “What? - I
just take your... um... your theories as fact. Nothing is final. There's no conclusion, because we haven't made everything clear. I'm being... being stupid. Don't stick with this thought, not because of what I said. - I don’t know
to handle, I've done it for a long time. - Do you think I'm weak? Is that it? Do you think I
Gathering up his work clothes close to his chest and opening the bathroom door, John shivered as the cool air rushed against his damp skin and cautiously walked into the kitchen, feeling as shy as a teenager and just as pathetic, “Okay, they're on...” he called out to Sherlock as he looked at the door to the landing, unsure if he wanted to leave or stay. Stay and show, or leave and hide. Stay. Leave. Show. Not show. “Comfortable.
. Don’t say anything. Especially if you’re going to use that… that… that
!” John pulled, Mrs Hudson pulled, and the dining room was filled with three loud pops. Sherlock ended up holding two of the crackers victoriously and Mrs Hudson the third.
!” Mrs Hudson crooned behind him, just coming down the staircase to John’s room, a mischievous smile on her face and another few twigs of mistletoe still in her grasp. John sank down onto his heels with a long, resigned sigh, knowing she was trying to help, but annoyed at how unhelpful she was actually being. She waved the mistletoe at him as she came in and then glanced at one he had been trying to take down. “What a find, eh? Some nice man offered me a small clump of them for a
said that,” Sherlock shot back.
Johns cheeks went felt like they'd been set on fire and he stammered slightly, “I – er,
Sherlock’s response was a filthy, erotic, wrecked shout of pleasure, brow furrowed and mouth open, “’M gonna…” he said, words rocky and forced out by a bouncing, grinding push. Muscles squeezing John enough to make him see stars. “’M havin’… have… havin’ a—
so,” John replied, turning his head and pressing his mouth to Sherlock's inner wrist, feeling somehow that it was more intimate than the actual kissing they had been doing. A declaration. A promise. “You're the...
“Bit obvious, was I?” John chuckled breathlessly, groaning in the back of his throat, a deep, buzzing, guttural groan, as Sherlock slicked his tongue along his frenulum with a teasing little flick. “
“He sounds like an aficionado, doesn’t he?” John asked, making Mrs Hudson giggle.
The next day, Molly was pale and shaky and sipped strong coffee all day.
John moaned, and stroked his tongue along Sherlock’s frenulum a few times, keeping his touches light and teasing. He traced a vein along his shaft, keeping it soft and sloppy, spreading saliva everywhere. After swirling around the head of his cock a few times, he sunk down to take Sherlock into his mouth. This elicited a hum, which buzzed just next to his opening, which made him moan around Sherlock’s cock, and the whole moaning cycle repeated itself.
Sherlock bucked his hips desperately. "For God's sake, Greg. Please."
John rolled his eyes. “SERIOUSLY, love. Just talk to me. I don’t mind the kinky shit. Just trust me with this stuff, OK?”
Lestrade held out a cautioning hand to Vincent, who fell silent, and turned an apologetic face to John. "Mr. Tucker believes he recognizes you from an attack he suffered approximately 15 years ago."
"No!!" John looked aghast.
He tapped it lightly. "It's adorable. Like a little mouse."
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “We definitely waited far too long to try this.” He flicked his wrist a few more times, spreading slick around. “I think you’re ready for another already.”
Sally chuckled. "Girl, from the little bit I got out of Sherlock last night, you been fucking things up a lot." She looked at Molly thoughtfully. "You know, it's funny, it took me a long time to work myself out, but I always thought that part of that was because I never told a soul. Not for months and months. Plus I was so young. And I really thought that it would be different for you, because you have John and Sherlock, and you're a professional and you have your life figured out. Maybe that's not how it works. Maybe when you go through something terrible, things are just going to be terrible for a while, no matter what."
Of course, Sherlock did nothing that he was not able to excel at, and dancing seemed to be no exception. He spun around cheekily, glancing over his shoulder at John as he wiggled his arse. Still thunderstruck (and quite drunk), John could do little more than stare rapturously at Sherlock's plump behind and attempt not to leave his mouth hanging open. When Sherlock turned to face time again, his shirt was entirely unbuttoned and he was shrugging it off his shoulders.
“Indeed.” John took a gulp of his drink, swallowing it slowly before going on. “I wasn’t there when it happened. I was back at the base, and when they brought him in …” He shook his head. “They called me in to help treat his injuries, and he was dying, Sherlock, I swore he was dying, you can’t even imagine how he looked. I panicked, God knows what I said in that moment. I’m sure everyone in there realized what was going on. One of the other doctors held my fingers to the pulse in his neck, told me to feel his heart beating and breathe with him. Then we got to work trying to keep it all going. Hours and hours of surgery. Saved his life, but if he’d been with specialists they could have saved more of his function.” His voice had turned bitter.  “He was helicoptered out as soon as he was stable. And then I had to wait for news, and listen to everyone go on about what a coward he was, and how much they hated him, and that he deserved to die. And he was just
Sherlock added a finger, feeling the ring of muscle flutter and release as John sighed in contentment. “Any discomfort?” He wiggled his fingers, making sure everything was relaxed enough, not-quite-accidentally brushing his prostate. John bit his lower lip, sucking in a breath and holding it as his cock twitched and more fluid dripped out.
"Right," John said. "So you already kn-- why on Earth are you reading the
“And this whole time, I thought it was simply about the pleasure of my company.”
"I must say I think you lose the 'mostly straight' designation after you allow your CO to bugger you over every piece of furniture in his office."
“Hng,” Sherlock replied, closing his eyes and trying desperately not to thrust against John’s face.
Molly felt her face heat up as Mark closed the door quietly. Once again, her rage had flooded out of her as quickly as it had come, leaving only mortification in its wake. She had never yelled at a nurse before and after all, Mark had only been worried. They worked closely and while they weren't confidants, she considered him a friend. He was a good nurse and in a morgue, it didn't take Sherlock's expertise to look at that bruise and know a man had grabbed her forcefully and immobilized her arm while she struggled to get away.
Closing her eyes, Molly swallowed hard, trying to banish the sensations that were overwhelming her. She reminded herself that she was fine, she was safe, but she didn't truly believe it. She swallowed again, trying to regain her composure in front of Sally.
John nodded. "I owe you an apology, Sherlock. I wish I could say that when I kept it from you, I was trying to protect your feelings, because I never wanted to hurt you. But really, I was just protecting myself, because I never wanted you, of all people, to know what I truly was back then."
"Private," she shouted back. "Just got in this afternoon from taking some rich executive to California." He listened, fascinated, as Molly spun a story about visiting LA, a place she had actually been once, thankfully.
John was just thinking to himself that there was no sexy way to remove leather trousers when Sherlock knelt by his knees again. While his head was skimming along the edges John's thighs, he pulled off his socks and tugged on the legs of his pants to create some slack. He then slowly stood up, gently rubbing his face along John's torso while he shook his hips to slide them further down his thighs. He blew gently in John's ear, then reversed the motion until he was kneeling again. He repeated this one more time, blowing in the other ear, and then the trousers were off and
As predicted, the stabbing victim had been a challenge, and Molly struggled slightly to keep her focus. After the third time she had to ask the nurse to read back what she'd just said, he had offered to dash to the cafeteria for some coffee, but Molly shook her head firmly. "I just want to make sure I have it all correct," she reassured him with false brightness.
"I want you to come totally unglued, and I want to know it's because of me. Feeds my narcissism perfectly." This wasn't entirely true; although Sherlock had certainly been interested in his previous partners' orgasms mostly because he liked to be best at everything and he wanted the favor returned, it was different with John. He felt a desire, as hot as the one in his belly, to make this unassuming man feel the type of explosion that could chase away all the ones that brought on the nightmares, leaving behind nothing but an exhilarated bliss.
," he said breathlessly.
When John got home, Sherlock was playing an angsty concerto by the window. John sunk into the couch, pretending to read a book while he listened to the swell of the violin.
"Hey," Jack said, pulling at her elbow. "Where's the fire? Why don't you st--"
Despite John's attempts to make the question sound unimportant and conversational, Sherlock knew that John had long suspected him a virgin, glaringly obvious evidence to the contrary, and had been dying to ask for some time. Sherlock found obsession with virginity to be petty and stupid, and so he did not dignify others' assumptions about him with a reaction. He knew the number and genders of partners he had had in the same way that he knew the number of toothpicks left in his cupboard; they were simply bits of data that his brain had collected, with no particular value or function. But he found, suddenly, that he worried rather a lot about the value John might place on the information.
Sherlock smirked. "Masturbatory, then?" John sighed and attempted to ignore him, but Sherlock was not deterred. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. Everybody wanks. How often?" John shot him an incredulous look. "While you're asleep, I mean. I already know about when you're awake."
Sherlock was aghast. "Of course not! That would skew the data."
John licked one last stripe up his shaft and stood again, pulling his wrinkled clothes back into the right spots and checking his phone for messages. "Lestrade says we should be out of here in a few more minutes." Sherlock nodded, tucking his shirt neatly into his stained trousers and retrieving his coat. "Hopefully Anthea isn't scarred for life."
John knelt, examining the body as Sherlock examined everything else. The victim was a hobby gardener, but that was not his job in the home. He was a personal trainer, Pilates.
"No," John admitted, at the same moment Sherlock said, "Of course he did."
he thought ruefully, thankful that John was holding his head up. The doctor seemed to notice and slowly extricated himself, resting Sherlock back against his pillow before letting go of his head.
Sherlock pulled off his cock, licking up the shaft and smirking up at him haughtily. “If you don’t like the look on my face, perhaps you should wipe if off.”
She shrugged, smiling teasingly. "I don't know about that. It was short-lived but we had some fun." Sally walked up behind him, eyebrows nearly disappearing into her hair as she saw him. "I'd love for you to stay and chat, but unfortunately my friend will be wanting her seat back now. Perhaps I'll see you here some other time?"
John sneered. “I thought it ‘wasn’t your area’?”
Sherlock stroked John's arm absently. "I knew she would be sympathetic. Many officers are not."
"No," John agreed. "But one does take flowers to a grave."
“John.” There was a note of near-urgency in his polished voice.
Sherlock waited, and John sat back, observing Sherlock for a moment before gently pulling his hand away from the crook of his elbow, where he had been unconsciously hiding his old scars. John pressed a kiss there, and straightened up. "Why does it bother you so much?"
She arched an eyebrow. "Do you find that women often enjoy being compared to rodents?" There was no heat in her voice, because she wasn't angry, but if he carried on being stupid she would have to move this along.
Sherlock's body was light, free. He felt as though he was about to float away, but then there was the reassuring pressure of John's hands on his face, gripping his shoulder. Sherlock opened his eyes and the man floated above him, eyes darting wildly, deft fingers probing his throat, his spine, his neck. Sherlock felt certain that he was floating away, that all that was real and anchoring him to the earth was John. And so, when John carefully tilted Sherlock’s head, fingers investigating skull, Sherlock lifted it another centimeter or two and brushed his lips against John's.
John's hands paused for a second. "But he didn't stop?" He was holding his breath.
The next day, Lestrade called with an urgent case: an apparent double murder-suicide, but Lestrade and Anderson both felt that the evidence didn’t add up. Sherlock had swished in, immediately insulting everybody in the room, including the octogenarian who had found the bodies, and cut John off in the middle of reporting an important fact about the victims. John had bristled, Anderson had coughed something about a lover’s quarrel, and Sherlock glanced over him for a half-second before retorting, “It’s been 5 weeks since you and your wife copulated, not that the act is biologically relevant given your sperm count.”  Anderson responded by calling Sherlock a queer, which led to Lestrade banishing him from the crime scene. After the roaring in John’s ears died down, he realized that Sherlock had goaded Anderson into saying what he had with the express purpose of getting rid of him.
Sherlock smirked, setting the soap back on the shelf. "Well, whatever you are, I don't like anyone insulting you. Every part of you is perfect." He rubbed the flannel over his throat. "If it was my choice, you would never leave the flat without bite marks showing. I could spend hours tasting your neck."
Sherlock straightened up, a mischevious gleam in his eye. "Yesss," he hissed. He closed the distance between them, pulling John in for a long kiss before pulling away to shrug off his jacket. "Mycroft will see." He flung it on the floor and unbuttoned his shirt, eyes dancing. "He won't be able to resist the chance to analyze your body language but he'll be completely disturbed." John pulled back, raising an eyebrow and crossing his arms. Sherlock smirked at him and waved a finger at his body language. "Don't give me this. You
"You want to run an experiment on my flexibility so you can create a spreadsheet calculating the number of ways we can get off together?" John barely held in his laughter.
He waited, smirking, as she appraised him. "What were we laughing at? A boy, of course."
John sighed. "Why not? Men do it all the time. Come first, leave her unsatisfied."
Sherlock nodded, his face relaxing. John kissed him again, slow and sweet. "We can talk more tomorrow. For now, why don't you record every detail of this in your mind palace and then join me in what promises to be some very sweet dreams?"
Sherlock’s breathing kicked up a notch at that. He often marked John like this, and even higher up on his neck where it took some effort to conceal. He loved the idea of there being a secret sign of Sherlock on John’s skin, and enjoyed looking for flashes of bruises and bites when they were in public. John, being more considerate in every conceivable way, was always careful never to mark where anyone could see, much to Sherlock’s chagrin. Making a noise of interested discovery, John sucked a bruise where it would be easy to let everyone see, if he wanted. A breathless sort of moan escaped from Sherlock and John grinned into his skin before soothing the mark with the flat of his tongue. With one last brush of his lips, he moved his mouth down to a dusky nipple.
The chill between them lasted the rest of the evening and all the next day. John met Lestrade for lunch, and the detective inspector soon had him laughing as he described the office reaction to Sherlock's declaration the day before. "... So then someone gets out a ruler and draws it out, and
John nodded, a faint, sad smile on his lips.
Sherlock stroked John's cock firmly. "There was a small crowd in there watching, but by now Anthea would have scared them off; Probably alone. What do you think she's doing?"
Sherlock thought for a moment, considering the reasons John would go to Lestrade in his absence. Perhaps he was telling Lestrade not to call him for cases anymore; maybe he really was moving out this time. He felt his heart skip and clamped down on the emotion immediately.
John pulled off reluctantly, and Sherlock slowed his movements on his arse, pressing soft, wet kisses and poking his tongue just inside of him. He was desperate for Sherlock’s hand on his prick, but he didn’t dare ask; he was too close as it was.
John huffed angrily, and reached for his own shirt. "Sorry, Molly. For the ... touching."
John elbowed him. "Don't think anyone else is going to have the joy anytime soon, you berk." They smiled at each other, pressed in for a soft kiss, wrapped around each other, and fell asleep.
"Sherlock?" John asked, sounding confused, frightened.
Half an hour later, John took another long pull on his beer and glanced over at his boyfriend again. Sherlock still looked pretty gay, he thought, but possibly just because he knew him. He seemed to have tipped and leered enough to get the dancer to approach him.
"Can I examine you? I want to check your vitals and take a look at that arm."
John sighed. "It's a parasomnia, like walking or talking in your sleep."
"I -- wait, SEVEN??"
Two days later, Sherlock woke to the sound of John quietly closing the door to their flat and making his way down the stairs and out into the world. He rolled over and looked at the clock. 6:55am. He stretched, his muscles aching against the stress of having passed out on the sofa again. Stumbling to the kitchen to put the kettle on, Sherlock’s brain began to fire and he started forming theories about where John had gone. It was too early to be headed to a therapy appointment, and he hadn’t mentioned working today.
“Let’s try again. Just … slower.”
"Exactly," Sherlock agreed, and sat with his knees on either side of John's legs. He arched back, letting his head fall parallel to John's knees before pulling himself back up and finally,
John's brain had turned to putty. "Who?" he asked, distractedly, scooting closer to Sherlock.
It went on like that for two more days, with Sherlock veering wildly from being socially manipulative to socially tone-deaf and leaving John to pick up the pieces and soothe everyone’s fraying nerves. By the time Sherlock pickpocketed the final bit of evidence by flirting mercilessly and letting the suspect grope his arse, John had reached the end of his rope. He remained on a low boil until they reached the flat.
The film started and at first, Sherlock merely huffed his contempt and whispered complaints. ("How could they possibly be in Belarus when the cars are driving on the left side of the road?") John ignored him, aside from the occasional sidelong glance to his cross figure. Finally, Sherlock seemed to be unable to take it any longer. "There is no possible way for the motorcyclist to go flying like that, the vehicle wasn't moving anywhere near quickly enough!" He was murmuring, but his deep voice carried, and a couple in the row ahead of them turned around to glare.
Sherlock couldn’t agree more.
Once in a while, the buzzing in Molly's head got to be so intense that it was a physical pain. Dark thoughts, usually kept at bay, swirled to the forefront and consumed her. In the past, Molly and chased them away with drink or cuts to her thighs, but over time she realized that the voids she needed to fill were more literal than that.
"It's nothing," she said swiftly, but Sherlock squeezed her hand and said
Sherlock hummed, craning his neck to watch John’s mouth sink down over him again. John flicked his eyes up, checking for feedback, and nearly smiled around the cock in his mouth. He pulled back up, holding Sherlock’s eyes, and pulled off him with a soft
as exciting as a woman. I'd say that now that I've a better idea what I've been missing, I'm closer to a 3." He slid his hand up, squeezed his thigh. "Just because I fantasize about women from time to time doesn't mean I'm thinking of defecting." Lestrade was eyeing them with interest now; both of them seemed to notice it at the same moment and shifted apart, focusing on their work once again. Their relationship wasn't a secret, certainly not to Greg, but neither of them wanted to be caught having a Moment in the middle of a case.
John looked up at Sherlock then, his damp eyes wide in surprise, but this has always been Sherlock's fundamental truth: he cannot help but love the people who love and rescue John, even when he childishly resents them. Even when he shouldn't.
You want to Sherlock to plan your orgy.
Sherlock looked up from the body, hoping to find some clues as to his purpose here, when his eyes landed on the owners. The taller of the two men was standing, arms crossed, eyebrows furrowed, staring directly at John. He recognized him, or thought he did, and whatever the connection between them, it was unpleasant, because now he was whispering furiously at his husband and they were both staring at him in shock. Anderson was standing up from his position beside John, about to go talk to the couple, and they looked up at him with interest. The taller of the man was already opening his mouth furiously –
told you. No one could possibly look at my face and tell all that."
John squeezed his eyes shut, trying to even his breathing and relish the sensations. He actually loved being left on the edge for awhile, but that didn't make it absolute torture. The tongue disappeared and John sighed his frustration, only to have the air hitch in his throat when a warm, humid air wafted across his shaft. Dry lips brushed up his shaft and puckered a soft kiss against his tip. A soft tongue slid under his foreskin to flutter at his head. Then Sherlock's mouth closed around him and John surged up to meet him. Sherlock held his hips firmly against the mattress and swirled his tongue around him as he bobbed up and down, applying just the right suction to hold John right at the edge of orgasm without pushing him over. John stilled his hips and panted helplessly. "Please," John finally pleaded. "More, I'm so close." Sherlock picked up the pace fractionally and moved one of his hands to follow his mouth's path on John's cock, and everything coalesced. He shouted a warning and then spilled into Sherlock's mouth with a silent scream.
Chris leaned in to murmur conspiratorially in his ear. "They won't let you near the stage after having this many. I couldn't let you abandon me to face all the creeps alone." His warm breath tickled John's ear and he shivered a bit.
John flinched, as though Sherlock had struck him.
"Not enough," she whispered.
John raised an eyebrow. "What happened to 'I know for a fact I can take it'?"
“Babe,” John said gently. “Look at me.” He searched Sherlock’s face, and saw misery and anxiety shining through his too-bright eyes. He had tried to tell him something earlier, and John had just bowled over him, hadn’t let him speak.
-----------
pumping his hips against John.
, Sherlock." They approached the ticket booth. "We could watch
She stayed with her back against the wall next to apartment 22, and waited as he unlock the door. He grasped her by the hands and pulled her inside. Molly wrapped her hands around his neck, stared at his lips, and backed slowly toward the wall just inside the door.
John stroked his face. "D'you want to stop? We can finish another way."
Sherlock's cock leapt even as his more rational side considered the wisdom in letting their first time happen while John was out of his mind with lust. "I see," he tried to say evenly, but his voice cracked anyway.
John’s smile turned teasing. “Actually, I
Sherlock rolled his eyes as they walked up to the victim. “Utterly
"We are not a couple," Sherlock said firmly, correcting someone for the first time. Lestrade turned to observe him, openly curious about Sherlock's sudden willingness to confirm or deny the details of his relationship with the doctor. "Just colleagues. Work partners."
John threaded his fingers through Sherlock's. "I'm sorry, love. That sounds awful."
in John. Everything else fell away but the clench of John’s legs against his back, the wash of John’s panting breath against his face, the flutter of John’s arse beneath him, the warmth of John’s leavings between them, and the heady musk of sweat and desire everywhere. He breathed John in, choked on him for a long, rapturous moment, and poured himself out with a gasp. He lowered himself back down on top of John, and John lifted his lips to meet his. The kiss started urgent and slowed with their heartbeats, softening until Sherlock pulled back with a smile, rolling off of John and tossing the condom in the bin.
." He licked a stripe up John's shaft and heard a groan come from the top of the bed. "Not that I'm complaining, mind. It was sexy. Captain Watson, taking command." He tongued John's slit, lapping up a bead of moisture there. "But I think a little exploration is valuable, too."
Leaning forward, Sherlock eased one of John’s knees to rest on his shoulder, and reached between them. John’s eyes popped open and he pumped into Sherlock’s fist with a grateful moan. He quivered and moaned beneath Sherlock, feeling his orgasm build and crash over him, crying out in near-pain as the first convulsion ripped through him. The second wave was pure pleasure, and he arched into it, feeling himself clench around Sherlock as he covered them in long ropes of come. A deep, pleasant buzz filled his body as the last waves crashed over him, and he smiled, laughing lightly as he lifted his hips to Sherlock lazily.
Sherlock stepped close, rubbing a thumb across John's cheekbone before leaning down for a slow, smoldering kiss. He pulled back, resting his forehead on John's. "What do you like?"
Sherlock leaned his face into John's palm in a distinctly cat-like manner. "I regret the remark I made about you being squeamish. I respect your boundaries and our sexual encounters are the most fulfilling I've ever had. I don't know why I said it."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Shakespeare was an opportunistic hack."
It was a long moment before John spoke. "I think that's better than forgiveness." He fingers found Sherlock's and pulled them to his mouth for a kiss. "You won't forget about that angry, scary part of me and I won't forget the part of you that is cruel and cold, and we'll call each other out when those parts try to work their way to the surface."
John rolled his eyes. "There must be, what, 2 or 3 million white men living in London? A statistically significant sample of that population would be at least 150 people."
"--please don't call it that."
Sherlock walked out of the room and, because he felt like a bit of a wallow and that was allowed in here, visited the room where he kept the memories off all the times he’d been bullied or terrorized for being himself. Mycroft, dangling him out of a window, glee on his face. The handsy fellow at the pub. A grammar school teacher, telling him he was stupid and weird and that he was never going to amount to anything. Countless people calling him a freak. Members of the rowing team holding his head underwater until he stopped flailing. And on, and on, and on.
Sherlock began to slowly circle him. "I mention a more involved sexual experience with another man, and you move into parade rest. An affair in the Army, then." John lifted his chin a bit, looking pleased, and Sherlock's practically purred as he walked behind him. "Did you allow your commanding officer to inspect you like this, Captain Watson?"
He turned John toward him, keeping a reassuring grip on his elbow while sliding his other hand up to cradle his head. John rested their foreheads together, taking raggedy breaths while Sherlock  worried a spot behind his ear. Pulling away a few inches, he tipped John’s head back, forcing him to make eye contact. Sherlock’s chest tightened and he reached up with his other hand, wiping the moisture away with his thumb. Then, staring deeply into John’s eyes, wanting to observe everything, he closed the distance between them.
for God’s sake!”
, so I thought
going digging for worms...” John replied in a mumble, frowning as he searched through his bags and then the cupboards, to what had been left, “But... I have a bag of mixed nuts and sunflower seeds? She can eat them, right?” He fished around on one of the many shelves, knocking a few things to one side, and arched up onto his toes with a grunt before he pulled out a small bag from the back with a hum of success. Opening it after checking the best by date, not that it really mattered when it came to nuts and seeds, he poured into a small dish. “This
"John." Reaching a hand for his jaw, Sherlock stroked up to cup his head and stepped around to push into his front, knocking John back a few steps until he bumped into the fridge and they were nose to nose. “What’s our pecking order?”
e… on a disproportionate cartoon elf’s body… printed on a pair of… boxer shorts...” His lips twitched, going wonky as he fought with the evident need to laugh or worse, with a raising, crushing tidal rant. "This—"
“You’re needier than I
? Doesn’t it get awkward? - What if you decide to date again, John? Will you just have to choose between an
“Yes, well...I doubt he’ll be overly picky,” Sherlock murmured, reaching to tear into another present. This one was a set of two stainless steel dog bowls still in their box, but Sherlock was distracted from it when John put a comforting hand on his forearm. It shot sparks through him, made his stomach flip, and stalled his mind.
John met Greg's widening and annoyed eyes for a moment, then flicked his attention away, clearing his throat and adjusting the collar of his shirt, unsure how much more of their personal lives being revealed he could take now, “Technically it wasn't
the questions: What if it
get back really... lots of paperwork to do and more to prepare for...” he mumbled, though he was squinting with a wince of dislike as each word left his lips. Clearly, he didn't want to go back to his life of loneliness and the blank, empty walls of his new home. “One coffee wouldn’t hurt though. I need the energy.”
“So you decided to bug me about it,” Greg said. “You do know I’m not going to incite some poor sod to commit an ingenious murder just to keep you happy.”
to gag me?” John asked, turning his head slightly in an attempt to look at Sherlock, shocked to find the thought more appealing than it really ought to be. “Bit deviant that...”
an idiot. - We didn't know one another much and then – well, it all got tangled and we became friends and by then everyone
Greg snorted a small laugh and, hesitating for a moment, took a step over, “All right. A kiss. Just one. A good one. I’ll...
John frowned, "Don't you-"
you. Orion’s going to love you, I promise.”
. I'm a grown man. I don't need a minder, Sherlock!” With that stressed, as he drove Sherlock back, letting his head knock against the wall with great relish.
Humming loudly in response, loud enough to send waves of vibrations throughout his pelvis, Sherlock took one of John’s hands and slipped it into his hair, eyelids fluttering at the simple motion, jaw opening wider, breath coming in harder. John carefully tangled his fingers into those curls, those waves, stroking gently before using his grasp on them to push and pull Sherlock on and off his cock, slowly at first, teasingly so, letting himself catch and drag over his teeth with the lightest, gentlest of movements, then quicker, finding the sound of Sherlock's lips closing over him, his tongue slurping under him, violently stimulating. Sherlock let out muffled moans, swallowing, enjoying the pressure that John was putting on his follicles. He writhed on his knees, trousers tight over his own eagerness, his own straining, growing length, and John stared down at it for a moment, at how Sherlock’s hips undulated, and quivered. Loving every moment, every sensation. Sherlock was wearing dark trousers, but even they couldn’t hide the dampening spot of pre-ejaculate, the twitch of his confined crotch. It must have hurt, just a little, with nothing between his bare, hot, hardened skin and the cold stiffness of his zip. Sherlock didn’t wear underwear much, John knew, didn’t have anything else beneath his trousers, nothing but warm, pale skin, now probably red with arousal and sticky slick.
“Or when we
relationship, sort of thing."
the turkey you picked is a an escape artist, why wouldn't it be?” John sighed, pushing his thumbs either side of his nose and pinching, hard, hard enough to convince himself that he wasn't dreaming or having a stroke. “So… you went to kill her for our Christmas dinner and instead decided to bring her home... What, so she's just going to
As his cock disappeared into Sherlock’s mouth, up along his palate, nudging very slightly against the back of his scorching throat, he moved his hand to thread into those tempting curls and squeezed a clump, happy to see Sherlock’s instantaneous reaction, to feel it against his wet skin. He continued to pet, stroke, tug, and ruffle through that hair until Sherlock was gasping wetly and writhing into it, legs threatening to buckle hard enough to have him crouch down and then kneel beside the bed. John added a scrap of his nails and Sherlock slumped forward, offering up his vulnerable, white nape, which John was happy to touch, dipping his fingertips beneath the loose collar of Sherlock’s soft cotton t-shirt.
. He’s used to sleeping on his own. He might prefer it. He might...find a place in the flat to settle, probably the sofa, a chair, and remain there.”
in words...”
Sherlock gave a small nod, stroking Orion’s neck, back, and then up under his chin, grinning when he tilted his head to lick and playfully chew on his fingers, “He’s beautiful…”
"I can't... Just
Being as pent up and overwhelmed as Sherlock apparently was, it didn’t take long for him to sheepishly touch John’s head in warning and arch, choking on sharply inhaled breaths and stuttering groans, cock throbbing hard against John’s tongue. John enjoyed the suspense, the thick dribble of pre-ejaculate before the impending climax, and waited, sucking and tasting, until the last minute, to which he pulled away and watched as Sherlock spilled copiously up his own torso with a grimacing whimper of rapture.
. You've had a falling out a few times. But that's because it's still a bit new! All relationships go through a bout of disagreements - Normally it's after the honeymoon period, not during it, but...
mint,” he murmured, taking the pudding over to the dining table with an over dramatic flourish, merely for Mrs Hudson’s amusement.
“Then perhaps you won’t want the cakes I make with it then?” Mrs Hudson teased as John opened a new present, revealing a pair of leather gloves.
Sherlock sighed sharply in disgruntled aggravation and grabbed unexpectedly, yet not so unexpectedly, for John’s shoulders, tugging him an inch closer so he could swoop in to connect their lips, “
Slowly closing his laptop and putting it aside, Sherlock tilted his head, stared John down, and then huffed, “This is
His face was pulled back, John’s fingers touching his cheek then curling behind his neck as those awe filled eyes looked between his. And then their lips met again, this time harder, fiercer and more possessive, and John’s arms wrapped around his neck to keep him close. Sherlock’s legs buckled and he stumbled into the surge, the pull of passion, clutching at John’s shoulders with a heady gasp. The difference in this kiss from the last was monumental and beyond description. It shot liquid fire through Sherlock’s veins, brought sweat to his brow, to his chest, to his back, and awoke a spiking jolt of shameless desire in his pelvis and chest. He kissed back, gripping at the soft, yielding material of John’s jumper, pulling it out of shape with rigid, clawing fingers, and screwed his eyes shut against the deluge of information.
“...Do
“You’re always bored! And why are you here? Why aren’t you lamenting your boredom at John?”
things you do wrong. So many stupid things that you say. But that doesn’t change a thing...”
“I'd maybe wait until you're sober first,” Santa advised with a wince and a smile, reaching to help him get steady. “You might talk about sharks again.”
“So you knew some of the outcome before you even talked to me, did you?” John chuckled. “I remember you acting similarly to as you are now when I first came to the flat. Why did you want to impress me, Sherlock?” Mrs Hudson looked between them then wandered back to the table to finish collecting the remains of their lunch.
“Mm. Put on a bit of weight since the last time,” Sherlock told him idly, watching and waiting. He would only move and aid John in his undressing if prompted. He liked being stripped steadily and by hands not his own. Liked regarding John’s face, his movements, his reactions as each piece of clothing, each barrier between his naked flesh and John’s seeking touch, was taken away. Sherlock was right about the weight, though it was barely anything at all, not as much as John would have liked. He was still too slender in some areas. Skin too taut over bulging muscle and curving bone. "A new scar or two in places."
! Yeah… yes… ah
, Sherlock!”
He had to draw the line somewhere and cleaning up animal muck from their kitchen floor was definitely a line drawer.
John scoffed, getting spittle down his bottom lip, “
together. Our lives, our things, are
“Hm. And who said anything about '
“What about sprouts?” John asked, his voice serious and eyebrows raised. Sherlock knew those eyebrows as much as he knew the man’s mouth. Had documented the different ways they furrowed, arched, dropped, twitched, and wiggled. “Your answer might make or break our relationship.”
He stroked the tops of Sherlock's trembling upper thighs and slowly knelt, letting his lips trace the line of dark hair from Sherlock's navel down, then mouth at the sensitive inside of his legs, smelling and kissing and caressing each inch. Then John helped Sherlock out of the soft cotton pyjama bottoms, one foot at a time, and adorned his calves, ankles, and the tops of his feet with fleetingly light presses of lips, making sure not to linger for too long. Sherlock’s toes clenched into the carpet under the affectionate worship he loved so much, muscles taut when John returned his attention to knees and thighs, hands slinking around to cup warm, tensing buttocks. The touch was welcome, yet Sherlock still flinched, hypersensitive and thrilled and meekly wanton for each pushing stroke of John’s fingers.
John looked at him as if to say 'but I didn't say anything' and released his hand to look through various treats. Orion took the chance to sniff at the various toys on the shelves below.
He really does like that, doesn’t he?”
“I didn’t come here for cases,” Sherlock drawled. “I don’t expect you to have them neatly filed in the corner of your frankly sad excuse for a bookshelf.” He shot a glance at it with distaste and then took another gulp of tea. “And Mrs Hudson is in. She’s just asleep. One of her ‘early nights.’”
,” he breathed, one of his thighs shivering as he rolled his hips up against John’s mouth. The soft give of his cock gave way to hardness with a throb, not quite rigid, though getting there. It was a tad quicker than usual, but John wasn’t about to complain. “Not now. Not this moment. But another time. Perhaps...”
“Yes. Might as well put them to use,” Sherlock replied, leaning against the wall to rein in his composure, face flushed, heart hammering. Everything about John was exhilarating.
! - What if she has a bad reaction because of her other medication?
Sherlock blinked and him, “
think someone should be a little more polite to the person currently holding his special place,” Greg muttered before John could respond and gave a flitting look at Sherlock’s wet penis and pebbling nipples. “Or do you have a bit of a masochist kink too? - You did like your hair being pulled earlier...”
John jolted a little at the sudden impact, but after a confused glance his way he leaned back again, “The dog, how he’ll react to you, how you’ll react to him… having you as a partner.”
of it, but we don't
Clambering to stay up and getting a shaky, sweaty arm across John’s shoulders, Sherlock grimaced in fascinated pleasure, mouth open enough for John to taste him, to fuck his mouth, to suck at his tongue, and swallow his little moan of curiosity as John added a bit of pressure, “I don’t… always like surprises…”
Sitting in his chair, John watched the fairy lights go through their pattern before his attention was brought to an old set of playing cards on the mantle. Sherlock had showed him an old magic trick with them, but John suddenly had an idea of how to start the awkward conversation he needed.
Sherlock avoided eye contact with John, face stupidly heating at her words, whether she meant them how he heard them or not, “
Time passed as John’s lips moved against his, as his hands moved over his back, as his fingers touched at his nape through the collar, but all too soon John pulled back with a soft gasp, “You steal my breath away.”
“I'm glad you did. I am. It might not seem it. Not before, when
Shivering, Sherlock watched him for a second under his brows, and then turned to take the red bowl out of the microwave, searching for the brandy butter, trying to calm his lusting body down, “I suppose we can take Orion's new lead with us when we leave.”
Sherlock looked him over, scowled, clenched his jaw, his hands, and then marched over to press against him so roughly, so eagerly, that John stumbled a few steps, “
“A date,” John replied, stuffing his hands in his dressing gown pockets, his stance oozing confidence, though his eyes betrayed his warring thoughts.
,” he drawled. “That's enough now. No more songs.
are you doing in my room?”
She waved a dismissive hand, “Oh he’s off in his bedroom currently sulking. He’s already made his opinion on all of this perfectly clear. Wouldn’t stop going on about it, in fact. Kept following me around and ranting and raving. Throwing his arms around and stomping his feet. But that’s nothing new, is it? He always finds something to whinge over. Tends to do that an
...” Sherlock murmured, looking down with a small exhale through his nose and a clenching wince of his eyes. “You are
Sherlock had all but flung himself at the case, eager for something to stimulate his mind, and, as always, he was extraordinary. It had taken a little time to find all the clues (and figure out what Anderson had inadvertently destroyed), and it had led the two of them on a merry chase, but now the Detective Inspector was leading them back to his office for their statements.
, and then not thinking to check again—in spite of me reminding you!”
“Vaguely?”
“Y-yeah?” John asked, feeling his heart rate flutter, pleasure increased ten fold by the mental images alone, “A-And your voice. I like your voice.”
!” Sherlock’s analysis was derailed as John arched up and came hard in Sherlock’s hand, white streaks hitting and dripping down the furrows of Sherlock’s abs and onto his underwear, joining the sticky mess already there.
“It doesn't seem that way to me...” Santa replied, quirking an eyebrow and giving a small shake of his head. "And you make it worse when you are protest a bit too much."
Huffing, not sure he believed him, Sherlock curled his arms around John’s waist for a tentative embrace, “You can do the custard.”
Maddeningly aroused, John took himself in hand, straddled him, knees pushing into the bed either side of Sherlock’s shaking waist, and stared down, locking their gazes again before he stroked and stroked and stroked and twisted and squeezed and caressed, chasing his own apex. It happened after a dozen laboured breaths, when Sherlock reached for him and touched his working hand, touched his torrid skin, and he painted more of Sherlock’s chest in fat stripes of pearly white.
will be ruined,” Sherlock scoffed under his breath and threw down his card. “Not fully... I will not allow—”
once when you were last asleep, for goodness sake! You're always rambling about
married to work?’”
“... Yeah. Yeah, I
“Did I?”
!" The hand connected hard with the side of Sherlock's thigh and a portion of his buttock, cutting him off, and John savoured the loud crack it made in the short space between them.
do something to both warm me up and put me to sleep?
The first thing John noticed when he woke up was a shadow, a figure, leaning over him, and for a moment he only stared at it, wondering if it was really there at all or if it was only part of some lingering dream he couldn’t remember. If it was just his mind playing tricks. It happened from time to time. To him, to others. The mind liked to find things in nothing, to feel safe in familiarity, and so would try to make sense of shapes and space, of reality, by sculpting and connecting lines into recognisable figures, objects. This time it was in the form of a person and it took John a moment to realise that the person was Sherlock, that he’d somehow already known it was Sherlock. On some deeper level, on an instinctive level, he’d known who it was.
John inclined his head in agreement, “You’re right, I do.” There was that soft look again. “There’s nothing I want really.”
Sherlock nodded in understanding, “Did you want to change his name when you learned of it?”
“I do,” she replied a little sadly, “but my elbows are starting to ache something fierce if I move them too much.”
designer ones! I mean… yeah, okay, that was maybe
“What did you think we talked about when I visited for tea?” John asked.
“No, but we can train him to work with us on some cases,” John said. “German shepherds are great trackers, and attack dogs too.”
“Merry Christmas, how can I-?” he started, only to blink, his smile growing more genuine when he looked properly at John. “
He had to admit that he too had other ideas for their bedroom activities. Of being held down under Sherlock's weight and filled and taken. On the few occasions during masturbation, he often thought of Sherlock's hands, of his fingers breaching and stretching him open in a way that nobody else had ever done. He imagined Sherlock's tongue inside him, of the burning stretch as Sherlock pressed himself inside with juddering hips and gasped curses. He envisioned what Sherlock might look like above him, eyes intent and lidded, blanketing him with sweat-slicked flesh and snapping, flexing, rolling hips.
"I bet I could get you to like it. If I sing it enough."
...wait a moment...
Turning to the side to climb up the stairs with his numerous bags, trying not to topple backwards, John headed for the kitchen to unpack everything. Sherlock, he imagined, would be lurking around somewhere, just waiting for him to return so he could steal and hide the newly bought biscuits. It happened on every shopping day since he'd moved in. John would be annoyed by the immaturity of it all, if he wasn't so amused by it, if it didn't make him fonder of Sherlock. He supposed, in some way, he was looking forward to it.
“What, that he'd
, we didn’t say anything about coming, Sherlock. Stop.
It took John a moment to open the wrapper with his shaky hands and roll it on, and a few more while he gave his cock a swift few tugs to stop the pulsing ache. Although neither were sleeping with anyone else and were clean of any infections, John preferred to use condoms. Condoms helped cut down on the mess. He could wrap it in tissues and dispose of it, unworried about either of them sleeping in the wet spot. There would be a time in the future, he was sure, when they wouldn't bother, when they were perhaps too drunk with want, too keen for marking one another in sweat and semen both, to waste time with coverings. Perhaps in shared showers or stripped mattresses. Up solid walls, rough carpets, or chilly tables. Soon, but not yet.
Heart thudding against her ribs, Molly slowly stepped in the door, jumping slightly at the sound of Sally closing and locking the door. She turned around, looking at the wall she could still feel herself getting pushed against. Remembered the feeling of his slimy tongue in her mouth. She held her arm, remembering how he had wrenched it behind her, ignoring her cries for him to stop.
John leaned in and it was nearly perfect. Sherlock at his back, playing with his nipples and sucking a mark onto his collarbone; Greg in front, snogging him senseless and stroking his cock. His hands were softer than Sherlock's, his face scruffier. He was a precision kisser, shifting deftly from light brushes to teasing flicks to sucking John's lower lip, and clearly enjoyed watching John get more and more worked up.
John put his hands on his own thighs to steady himself, letting himself rise and fall, hips flexing as he found a rhythm that set his blood to a low boil. He looked down at his mad roommate, whose alabaster skin had gone a bit mottled. His eyes raked over the flat planes of his abs, the teeth marks on his collarbone, the slight flush over his cheekbones. He moved a bit faster, straightened his spine to push Sherlock forward inside him, skittering the first sparks through his body. He licked his lips, allowing himself a few passes over his prostate before he leaned forward again, pressing a palm against Sherlock’s chest for balance. He slowed slightly, thinking that he wouldn’t be able to last much longer in his position before his shoulder started to freeze up.
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't think much about that time of my life." They laid quietly, and Sherlock rolled toward John again, scanning John's face. "You've never been sexually assaulted; your distress is from your time in the Army. You've seen men and women fall apart too many times." John held his gaze, smiling faintly. Sherlock cocked his head, looking suddenly anxious. "I'm not wrong, am I?"
It was John's turn to swallow hard. "James."
He shot up in his chair as though he'd been actually, literally shocked.
Sherlock didn't try to take control, just tapped out when John got too rough and swirled his tongue around the head when John pulled out far enough. After a few minutes, Sherlock felt John's bollocks start to tighten and he squeezed the base of John's cock hard, pulling off of him with a light
, Sherlock thought ruefully.
John shook his head. “No. The sensation is a bit weird but light touches don’t hurt.” Sherlock’s fingers didn’t move from the edge of the shiny scar, even as his eyes continued to stare at it intently, and John chuckled. “Go on, then, you can touch it.”
Sherlock was looking directly at the man and, John suspected, attempting to shut him up via telepathy. John laughed. "I can't honestly say he's mentioned any of you, sadly. He's a bit rude."
John touched his arm. "Sherlock, wait. I'm sorry, love. I was way out of line mentioning that." He hated being reminded of his addiction struggles and John fucking knew it. He hadn't meant to throw it in his face like that, or to bring up his sordid sexual history. John wanted to kick himself for mentioning it, especially right after their first time.
Tea was sitting on the coffee table and Sherlock was sitting in his wingback chair, crease furrowing his brow but sitting straight up in it. He might've looked to be waiting comfortably if he wasn't absently rubbing a thumb over the seam on the seat cushion. Seeing John notice, he frowned and moved his hand to rest on his knee, watching as John sunk into the chair opposite him. "You've already showered this evening," Sherlock observed.
, John. I need more.” Fingers bit into his hips, leaving bruises that Sherlock would admire for days to come. John pulled Sherlock back as he drove into him, taking him roughly, rhythm never faltering as they collided into one another over and over. Sherlock felt his blood singing in his veins and then his orgasm began swirling deep inside him, building and building to a loud, triumphant crescendo as his knees buckled and John slowed inside him.
?? You don't do this."
It was 9:00, and Molly wanted to celebrate. Sherlock and John settled in to watch a movie on the sofa (
When Sherlock flung open the door to John’s room,  he found him sitting on the bed, curled in a ball against the headboard. “I don’t bloody care about your
The police had so far had no luck in tracking down Molly’s attacker, and neither had Sherlock. The DNA sample John collected had matched another unsolved rape case approximately a year old. The other woman had been approximately the same age and build as Molly but had met her attacker on an online dating website; he had raped her on their second date, in her apartment. The mobile numbers he gave his victims were burners, and his attempts to track the man through his IP address had been fruitless. When he and John had gone to Molly’s flat, they had found some evidence. Sherlock had confirmed Molly’s approximation of the man’s height and weight, although Sherlock had trusted her judgment on those details; she measured height and weight daily at work. He now knew that the man was unmarried, probably divorced, and likely worked a desk job. Not much to go on. After several days of dead ends, Sherlock decided to try a different strategy. He had “acquired” a transcript of all communications between the attacker and his previous victim, and Molly had forwarded him their text messages before she deleted them. Sherlock opened the file on his laptop containing all the text known to be written by the attacker, and printed it.
John set a ruthless pace, driving into him over and over. "Good," he groaned. "You deserve it for knocking that guy out, saving my life. God, I wanted to fuck you right there in the alley." Groaning, John shook his head, trying to hold off.
Sherlock regarded John, who quickly looked away.
John leaned forward, speaking firmly. "That's very common. You've heard of the fight-or-flight response? It's actually fight, flight, or freeze. Your nervous system decided you were threatened and your best chance of survival was to play dead, essentially. It's completely involuntary, and also completely besides the fucking point. It's not your job to fight off someone who wants to have sex with you; it's their responsibility to make sure you want it, too. This is
-------------
isn't good enough. You have to get tested, Sherlock. Tomorrow. Have a care for your health."
Molly winced, but suspected this was not what John really wanted to talk to her about.
John snickered. "That's what she said."
John chuckled. "You
A few minutes later, Sherlock let the others in, and they each got a drink and chatted for a minute or two before Sherlock spoke and everyone felt quiet. "Clothes off, everyone except Molly." Her blood started to sing in anticipation as the sounds of belt buckles and shuffling feet and tossed clothing filled the room. "You," Sherlock directed somebody. "Go undress Molly and get her warmed up a bit."
, John. Bad things happen to you because you like danger. You could have started a nice quiet practice when you became a doctor, and treated high blood pressure and step throat for the rest of your life. You chose to go to war, instead.
Wherein Sherlock and John continue to battle it out and figure out what's left for them.
A strong hand grabbed her around the throat, pushing her back against the bed and grinding his cock against her face. "When Sally wants you, she'll have you," Sherlock admonished. "I think you need some boundaries. Tie her hands." He released her throat, allowing her one greedy breath before he stuffed her mouth full of cock. Just as she started to feel dizzy, he pulled out, rubbing himself on her face.
“Stop, I’m too close. Possibly from ogling.”
Finally, mercifully, the last strap sprung free, and Sherlock flung the vest away from them. The men looked at each other, hesitating only a split second before sprinting out the door. John paused for just a moment to pull the fire alarm before dashing after Sherlock, who was urging him on with an edge of desperation in his voice.
"Don't be stupid, John. If you left, you'd have to find a flat you could afford on your own, which would mean leaving London, or a new flatmate, which you know is easier said than done. The clinic and St. Barts are right here. The Work is here. You need a place to stay and we both need flatmates. Just because we're not as ..." he searched for the right word, "...
to be private, Sherlock. Just because you are capable of getting into it doesn't mean you should."
Chris leaned in. "Yes, I bet that mouth gets you into all sorts of trouble."
Raw, primal need was thrumming in Sherlock’s veins. It still took him by surprise, a month into his relationship with John. He’d never bothered having sex while sober before – cocaine made everything feel so much more intense and immediate that he assumed it would be as boring as everything else was without it – but this, this,
John deepened the kiss, ran his tongue along Sherlock's lower lip before flicking their tongues together.
Her heart was thudding against her ribs as though trying to escape. She stepped back, pulling him by the hand to the handicapped loo a few steps down the hall. Inside, she locked the door and gripped his shirt tightly to hide the shaking of her hands. She swayed a bit on her heels and her kisses grew sloppy as the tequila took hold. He pulled her shirt over her head, staring at her tits and running his thumbs over the hard, fabric-covered nubs of her nipples. He started to move his hands toward her waist and Molly felt fear swell inside her.
Sherlock sunk to his knees and John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. "Choose a safeword."
John nodded. "That's normal. It'll fade in a few hours, couple of days at the outside. Reporting is up to you, but you should try to talk about it tonight to someone. Describing what happened in detail right afterward lowers your risk of PTSD."
you tonight, is that it?” Two quick, rough thrusts punctuated his question.
Molly swallowed, seeming to reel in her panic. "Can I stay here tonight? I can't go home."
, but it was good. The ring of Sherlock’s throat was so tight around his cock that it was almost painful, and Sherlock’s chin massaging his bollocks when he took him all the way in sent shivers up his spine.
. He didn't want to lose him as a colleague; he rarely observed anything useful, but sometimes he would say the wrong thing and, in correcting him, Sherlock would set off toward the true answer. But that was true of Lestrade, as well. Sherlock dug into a note, trying to pour his confusion into it, clear his mind. He had told John that he always felt challenged by him to find his humanity, and that was true. Most of the time he detached himself from his cases and it was exceedingly rare that emotions helped him solve things any faster. But John often steered him on course when he'd forgotten that other people have their own thoughts and feelings, and that was OK, even when their thoughts were stupid and their feelings were illogical. People liked him more when John was around, tempering him and smoothing things over. He didn't particularly care what most people thought about him -- or at least, it was a far distant second in importance compared to honesty -- but it made The Work simpler when people weren't constantly shouting at him or getting in his way.
John's cheeks reddened further. "I don't want to be selfish," he admitted. "It should be for both of us."
," he said in a manner so reminiscent of Sherlock that Sherlock suddenly understood why people sometimes retreated a step under his scrutiny. "You're gagging for it." John reached beneath Sherlock's waistband and squeezed his cock, eliciting a satisfied hiss. He leaned in and growled in his ear. "Do you want me to fuck you, Sherlock?" He bit down on the shell of his ear,
They had emerged from the bathroom and Sherlock murmured in his ear. "The bartender is bisexual; keep buying drinks and tip well."
"Then have a care for mine. I can't believe you'd put me at risk like this."
Sherlock broke the kiss after awhile, pressing his forehead to John's and continuing his unhurried thrusts. "God, I haven't done this since sixth form," he admitted as John pulled his legs tighter. "You're right, it's pleasant." He captured John's lips again and caressed his face tenderly as his hips moved in a smooth rhythm. He broke away for a moment, stroking over John's cheekbones and lips, tracing his strong jaw. "You're gorgeous," he murmured, before closing back down on John's mouth, licking against the roof of his mouth. He wanted more, wanted to curl up inside John and never leave.
Most of my understanding of soldier life in a war zone comes from episodes of M*A*S*H*, so I apologize for what I have to think are rampant inaccuracies. If you see anything that is fairly easy to correct, do let me know. Otherwise, let's just chalk it up to creative license, yeah? ;)
Jack held steadying arm against Molly's shoulders, and she laughed, resting her hand on his chest as she caught her balance and then sliding it down his arm to clasp his hand. He pulled her to the exit, and out onto the much quieter sidewalk. "I'm just a few blocks this way. I have a flatmate but he should be asleep by now. Poor bloke has to work in the morning."
As Sherlock worked his way down John's neck, he tugged at his shirt buttons, smoothing his hands over the solid skin of his shoulders as he pushed it off. John shivered when Sherlock nibbled on his collarbone as he ran his nails gently down his back, not stopping until his hands rested on his bum. He pulled firmly, thrusting them together, and smiled; both were mostly hard. Sherlock rocked his hips gently, pushing them together as John faltered in his attempts to kiss Sherlock again. Sherlock cupped John's face, pulled him in for a furious kiss, and slowly cascaded his finger's down his chest. John scooted back a bit, giving Sherlock more room, and allowing Sherlock to break away as he reached John's navel. "Alright?" he asked, fingering John's belt.
John chuckled and hoisted the bag on his shoulder. "I'm going to run this up to your room and then I'll make us some tea."
Molly was in pain, but not too much. Not enough, really. Greg couldn't see her face, and was pounding into her, thinking her moans were from ecstasy. John would have prepared her better, known when she was too tight, read her moans correctly; Greg's inexperience with anal made him ideal for Molly. His breathing grew ragged, and
(See the end of the chapter for
," he half-shouted at Sherlock, who was starting to protest. "The evidence would be called into question if I don't follow the proper procedures. This is not negotiable."
Sherlock tossed down the pen he was using to take notes and frowned up at John. “Why did you let her go?”
Sally leaned in urgently. "I know this is hard, but you will regret it forever if you don't report it. Someday you'll see him out in the world, with no remorse, no accountability, and you will hate yourself for not doing this now. Don't give him that. He's taken enough already." John turned to Sally as though expecting her to say more, but Sally's face didn't change from calm and determined. "Getting started is the hardest part," she insisted.
, easing some of the aching heaviness. Biting his lip, he repressed a moan as he thought about Sherlock splashing over Greg's face.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock cut in. “That doesn’t matter.”
"Molly!" Sherlock flung the door open, his voice tinged with relief.
John gaped at him with the kind of horror usually reserved for train wrecks or public defecation. "I'm sorry, what??!?"
"No, god no, that's not what I mean," John said in a rush. "It's just, you know." Sherlock held his gaze questioningly, and John faltered. "You-you're my best friend, and that's important to me."
, it was so much better. Both men swore, resting their foreheads together as they watched Sherlock work them. Sherlock did his favorite twisting motion and John arched, thumping his head against Sherlock's shoulder. "You're bloody amazing," he whispered into his skin.
He looked bewildered. "Did I do something wrong?"
and Sherlock remembered the shot of fear that ran through him before he broke the man's wrist and knocked out the friend who rushed to defend him. The rest of them seemed to decide to leave the
him?? Oh my God. I can't believe he's never told me about this."
John nodded again, and Sherlock watched his face as the tension slowly faded, his thighs relaxing out to the sides to let him in deeper. “You feel incredible,” Sherlock murmured, pitching his voice low and gravelly, the way he knew John found most arousing.  John was moving now, little involuntary lifts of his hips to meet Sherlock, and his respiration rate had increased. Sherlock pulled back a little further and thrust in, watching John’s face carefully.
John nibbled his neck and murmured encouragement. "You're doing great, love. You feel amazing. Don't let me hurt you, ok? We've got all night."
John considered which was the least horrifying of the possible outcomes. Either Sherlock could have very vivid memories of an apparently spectacular lay, or John could feel awkward while Sherlock grew more confused. "Best not. You'd probably just deduce it again, anyway. And this way, you know, so you won't be taken off-guard if it happens again." Sherlock nodded his agreement and John fled the room the moment the conversation was over.
, of all people, starts comparing it to the size of her fists. The look on Anderson's face, my God." Lestrade wiped tears from his eyes. "So then Sally says to Anderson, 'You have a 3D printer. I'm sure Sherlock would tell you the circumference if you wanted to make a replica.' Reckon you could pull any woman in the office now. Or Anderson."
"Say my name," Greg responded impishly, stalling his hand. "My ACTUAL name. I know you know it."
“Lie back,” he suggested. Sherlock lay back on the pillows once more, and then adjusted his position with a small noise of delighted surprise when John crawled up his body, tucked his knees under him and settled his weight high on his chest. Sherlock grasped him firmly and craned his neck to take a few inches into his mouth. John hissed and angled himself so Sherlock could reach better. “Not too much,” he murmured. “Just need to take the … mmmm, just like that, God, your mouth.” He stayed like that for a few minutes, until Sherlock’s clever tongue started to awaken the first stirrings of a climax. He pulled away reluctantly, tracing Sherlock’s wet, reddened lips with his thumb as the tension in his belly trickled away. He pushed forward, guiding himself into Sherlock’s eager mouth for a few more long pulls, and then shifted his weight off of him.
John eyed him warily, sadly. “Sherlock, this is a part of my past that I’m quite ashamed of. Do we really need to discuss this? Why does it matter?”
him, Mrs Hudson. - I’m blaming you for this! I don’t like surprises of this...calibre. It makes me do...things. Stupid things.
… the rest…” he choked out with a croaking voice, head tipped back to arch his throat and give John something to nose at, to open his teeth against, as Sherlock unbuckled John’s belt and whipped it out to throw to one side. It clanged and clinked and banged over the top of the sofa into the wall. "Naked. I want... I want you naked. Now.
smell like sick people,” Sherlock told him with a laugh of his own, “and decaf. Horrible,
glad he’s going to a good home.”
,” Sherlock replied and gave John’s lower back a tickling caress as exposed himself and slipped the soft, hardened skin of his growing erection up the crease of John's arse. "
Sherlock shot him a sharp glower, yet answered with a haughty, countering eyebrow raise, “Yes.”
“Why say that then?”
Sherlock exhaled happily, hands entwining with John's and burying his face into John's chest. His tormented mind now settled, quietened, no longer filled with bursts of chatter and noise, but instead replaced with the steady
,” he husked and made sure their eyes met and steadied and stayed, before he wet his lower lip, lowered his arms to stroke at his thighs, and leaned forward, “I. Want. To. Please.
you in this, um, different way, yeah, you’re
With Sherlock’s back to the entrance, John was somewhat shielded from the cold and the rain by Sherlock’s body and his coat, but Sherlock’s wet head was getting the full brunt of it and John glanced up to see Sherlock grimace faintly and try to flick up his heavily soaked collar, water still dripping from his hair to track down the sides of his face and down his nose.
complicated, don’t they? I mean, are you telling me you’d
..." John mumbled, heating up at his words but smiling in amusement. “Here, I'll show you... it was... it was like this...” He leaned toward him, pushed up onto his tiptoes and gave Sherlock's cheek the briefest, softest of kisses. He was mad. He was absolutely mad. “See? Not... uh, not unprofessional at all really. Just friendly. We're friends now. Just... um...”
“What other reason would I have for being here?” Sherlock scoffed, swallowing hard again and leaning his head back against the wall at John’s sharpening glare, wincing in quick admission. “No. Not
“Thank you, Judith,” his said with an oblivious smile. “Is there anything else?”
With the weight of John’s hand in his and the responding, cheery, soft exclamation from Mrs Hudson, something took over him and he entangled his fingers with John’s tighter in sudden need, “And we’re going on a date! A real one this time,” burst from his mouth before he could stop it.
“Mm, that’s what John and I want. Say it.”
, it'll be fine. - The gift giving is important to me. A small sign that I'm thankful for you being in my life, that's all I want to give. Just something. Something to express what I might not
"The markets are nice though."
“Will he even
“I don't want you feeling that you're a burden on me,” John whispered, taking Sherlock's chin and tilting it so that they could have more eye contact, “
"I do."
then. We balance work life with domestic life and balance friendship with...” John trailed off, throat closing up guiltily at the obvious lie and winced, glancing into Sherlock's face, at his tightened lips and tense smile. "Well, it's... it's, uh, it's getting there... at least?"
that simple,” Greg grumbled shortly with an aggravated glare, “
“Oh it’s
you are so bloody beautiful!"
He knew they needed more than that, knew he needed more than that, knew he would still be in a state of perpetual limbo, yet he walked around the coffee table and took that hand, letting his cold fingertips slide to Sherlock’s slim wrist and hold on. John couldn’t believe what was happening as Sherlock drew him closer and kissed each knuckle, taking his index finger and middle finger into his mouth, to suck, and lick, and bite. Couldn’t understand how the day had progressed to this. Sherlock had showed no sign of being interested in anything sexual that morning and had even snarled, glaring and stomping in childish annoyance at the mention of his meeting with Mike. Was this his way to get back the attention he’d lost throughout that morning? Would Sherlock really be that ridiculous? What was he thinking when he thought of them, together, what did he think they were?
“Carollers?"
“Do you like it?” she asked before bursting out into a fit of giggles and throwing her head back. Sarah then reached to pat his shoulder, slipping closer to give him a small hug. “I’m sorry… but also I’m
“You don’t
Sherlock coughed out a small laugh and slowly stood back up, arranging and then rearranging the papers, eyes drawn to the photo once more, “Who told you to do this?” he asked, clearing his throat and giving it a wave. “How did you...decide to...do this for me?”
Snorting, Sherlock took a large bite and rolled his eyes, “
“I know a little,” Sherlock admitted to him, resting their shoulders together. “My knowledge is miniscule. It has only come up once, in a case about alleged stolen ancient pottery, and since then, nothing.”
, aren’t you?—I’ve had a…I fancy you, okay? I find you…vaguely appealing.”
so,” John replied, worry seeping into his honest smile. “Come on, let’s sit you down. I’ll sort out the dessert.”
“… Have I missed something?” he asked.
…” he echoed. “I… suppose so…”
..." Mrs Hudson sighed with a perspective, meaningful look.
Sherlock’s felt his face go up in a blaze of heat, “Not all the time, you’re not,” he mumbled, clearing his throat and trying to keep looking at John’s eyes, and his kind, soft, lovely smile.
“Turn around,” John said softly.
you think I am,” John huffed, but halved the cards one by one until they each had a small pile to pick up. “The quickest and easiest is definitely snap though.”
“Mm, yes,” Sherlock said dismissively, wanting to get out before another Christmas song started. Feeling the glare John gave him on the back of his head, Sherlock forced a smile. “Merry Christmas to you too.” He swallowed his annoyance and placed his items in front of her, getting out his wallet. “And a happy New Year excreta..”
“All over some silly white berries,” he continued, his palms sweating. “Right. So, who wants a cuppa? Or perhaps a coffee, just to be different?”
let me ejac—”
. - Always... sniffin' around, y'know? Messin' with evidence! Stalking people and listenin' in on their conversations!”
“He’s
“They have a soft lining,” John said as he pulled his shoes on. “They’re better than the ones I have at the moment.”
“What… what are you
“That’s right,” John muttered, kissing his cheek this time.
The flat was quiet tonight, Mrs Hudson had left for her bridge club a few hours earlier leaving John and Sherlock to their own devices. John had cooked, nothing special just some pasta, and they had eaten together at the table, chatting about their day and Sherlock's newest experiment. It was nice. It was calm, but John knew that they needed to have a conversation about the -thing- that was happening between them. He hated to think about it, but he would need to open up and talk about his feelings.
? What… what this… what... what it will do to us? All of it? - I know that people have this
personal matters. You said something to him at the pub and you think he was teasing you or—” He followed when John wrenched away. “
“Shut up, John,” he snapped moodily, running a hand through his ruffled hair. “If we’re not done in
“He’s missed you
," Sherlock drawled and with a squinting, considering, darting glance, he got to his feet, dressing gown fluttering open to display more of him. He pushed the cap back onto the bottles and dropped them onto the coffee table, gesturing with a tip of his chin vaguely. “Not now though. Now the moment has passed and your rejection has rather irked me. - Not to mention the fact that you may be aroused, but you're still not up for...
have you been talking to about this? You’ve talked to someone. You
“Do you
“He’s only young,” Sherlock replied with a slanted smile, twisting the lead between his hands, feeling what it must be like for an anxious parent watching their child go for the first day at school. Orion was small, young, and naïve, just like a child. An intelligent, loyal child.
to do anything that you don't want or that... that might... cause some sort of...
Clenching down around him in a brief, but vice-like clamping, Sherlock rolled his hips, grunting and hissing faintly against the wall, “Can… barely see me--”
“I just don’t want the poor thing to be cold.”
“That’s preposterous and you are being absurd,” Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes, tugging the jumper more tautly down against John’s torso.
John, panting now too, painfully hard in his own pants, circled one of Sherlock’s nipples and watched how it made his rhythm all the more inept, “Won’t take long, will it?” he whispered with a tut, surprised at himself. “Never does, does it?”
“Don’t get pushy!” she warned, though she did pull her present closer again and started pulling at the wrapping.
, stay still and stop moving. - Use that so-called control that you say you have.”
“Perhaps not now,” Sherlock conceded with a tip of his head, finishing off the mince pie with another few bites, then dusting off his hands. “He wants to have lunch with you before we go and get…” He looked over his shoulder at the messy spread of papers. “Orion.”
. Yes. Yes, fine,” Sherlock told him and grabbed for the nearest pile of newspapers, shifting through them, then giving out a crushed bundle. “Here. These ones. The rest I need.”
.” He jabbed his thumb at Sherlock. "Can't say he'll give either of them."
. Somethin' I can't... I can't explain or... or even comp-compre-comprehend!”
Sherlock paused and after a moment he turned his head, “
John gave a curt nod downward where their two erections pressed lazily together, “Would you believe it’s just circumstances and biology?” John’s hips twitched forward seeking friction and John swore, “Shit, sorry.”
At the sound of a soft sigh, he span to find, in the darkened corner of the room, Sherlock sitting on an armchair, wrapped in his coat and watching Greg in a mixture of amusement and irritation, “Really? ‘Who’s there?’ Come on, Inspector, you know better than that,” he snorted.
“And you said Mrs Hudson’s spoiling him,” John chuckled, leaning forwards to give Orion more attention when he returned.
“Sit down for me,” John said, thrilled to see that Sherlock's cock had plumped up somewhat, not exactly half-hard yet definitely more than it had been a little bit earlier. Carefully guiding Sherlock to sit on the edge of bed, shuffling between his legs, still knelt at his feet, he began to gently massage Sherlock's tense legs, his calves, his feet and press a few kisses to his knobbly knees. When he straightened up, John let their lips meet and climbed on the bed, shuffling awkwardly behind Sherlock and into the perfect position, and at the perfect angle, to playfully smooch the back of his neck then run his hands across his chest. “Let's warm you up, hmm?”
some strong relationships that start this way.
“Another stupid question,” Sherlock said, and though he tried to sound arrogant and cold, Greg heard the lingering sadness there, saw the slump in his shoulders, the downturn of his mouth.
“Oh God, yes, I
. I've just got warm… my shoulder
, okay? I'm really trying to... to get this... to get through things. This isn't easy for me, and you
“...Really?” Sherlock asked, needing to make sure that John wanted the photos as much as he did. He locked eyes with Mrs Hudson as she shifted closer to them. She looked exceedingly happy, her eyes glistening, cheeks rosy, and smile only getting bigger the nearer she got to them.
!” John corrected him with a tut. “Mafia sharks.”
Letting out a small, hitching whimper, Sherlock tilted his hips and took himself in hand, nudging and crumpling the lace bow with the side of his little finger as he began stroking. It was shaky and a bit clumsy, but with one of John’s hand in his hair and the other crawling its way down his heaving chest for a rosy nipple, the technique really didn’t matter. John liked it anyway, liked how innocent, how inelegantly that Sherlock held onto his shaft and rubbed the beading tip, liked knowing he was putting him off, taking his focus, distracting him. It made Sherlock writhe all the more.
“Then give me some,” Sherlock said, not able to resist the normal routine.
John shifted, resting more of himself against Sherlock, feeling the need to say something, say many somethings, "...We could...
,” Greg gasped out against him in a puff of laughter, moving back with a blush on his cheeks and shining, dark eyes. “You know what, I think I can do this. I don’t know if I’m…
“Knew that too,” Greg snickered into his mug.
with them. I quickly got uninterested once I'd wooed and bedded them, as horrid as that sounds. That's why it never worked out. There was nothing else between us but the game of courting. No spark. No… no reason to stay. – But, with Sherlock, I get to have the sex, no strings attached – Well, okay, there is the
on your phone! So you could have double checked, or even triple checked the forecast, instead of checking it once, when we were in
“Yeah. Thanks for that. As if this wasn’t embarrassing enough,” John replied with a grumble, suddenly aware of how his damp pants clung to him uncomfortably and how he could feel the soft shape of Sherlock’s genitals through the layers separating them.
"You spoilt boy," she said, batting at his arm but laughing all the same. "Let me serve everyone."
“…I suppose you’re going to suggest socks and shoes off?” Sherlock asked in a rumble when John leaned back and put his wet coat aside with a shiver.
leave me… me waiting—
"Boys?"
“In this case, I don’t mind repetition,” Sherlock told him, turning to slide the tip of his nose against John’s earlobe.
. It smells of us both. We
“...That’s just your dick talking,” Sherlock mumbled after a few seconds and John adjusted his gaze to find Sherlock giving him a teasing, playful, though soft smile. “Or what is it people call it?
. Like how it feels. How you look doing it.”
of feelings.
. Any fool with eyes can see he has no intention of doing that.”
?” Sherlock exclaimed in irritation.
“We might have to get Mrs Hudson to look after Orion on those nights,” John said as though he were making note of the weather.
,” John replied, settling in his own chair and leaning forwards, elbows on his knees. “What is it? Tell me?”
... I suppose it makes the making up all the more
I mean. - I've kissed and sort of touched a bit, in the past, but
“What are you laughing about?” Mrs Hudson asked as she re-entered the room.
if you--”
, is specifically how
disliked you. Never hated you for anything. Never thought less of you...”
“You know...” John winced, back to feeling uncomfortable, “Intimate…
, Sherlock I've
“She’s been a better friend to me than some,” Sherlock retorted peevishly and stroked down the bird’s long neck as she made a few clucks. “And I couldn’t just
Automatically ready to decline him, Sherlock instead paused, thought about it and then gave a roguish grin, “I’d prefer some gingerbread actually…”
, then pulled out and fucked my mouth. Came all over my face. Upside: didn't have to worry about getting knocked up. Downside ..."
"Right. Plus it's fucking disgusting, of course." She sipped her lager. "Never even considered reporting it, really."
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock nodded at the both of them, “Fine. - Mrs Hudson’s choice first though,” he said, tucking the violin up under his chin, giving the bow a dramatic flicking flourish.
“Perhaps when I’m
with it for you.”
“And attempting to snog each other senseless over my table?” she drawled, causing John to choke on his pudding.
“Jingle bells, jingle bells, Jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride, in a one-horse open sleigh...” John mumbled idly as he swilled away the mass of popping bubbles off a now shiny and clean saucepan, watching them gather in a bobbing, floating clump in the basin, awaiting for the time John broke through them to grab the bowl beneath. "Jingle bells, jingle bells, Jingle all the way; Oh, what fun it is to ride, in a one-horse open sleigh."
!" John's leg gave a funny little twitch and he kicked the arm rest accidentally, bucking in the next second, almost sending Sherlock toppling over him as he groaned and hitched forward. “
stressful sometimes, but I've
'” John countered, immensely enjoying winding Sherlock up the more and more he flushed. The more he gaped in offence and sank into his duvet cocoon. The bastard deserved it. “You mostly scream when I have my tongue up your arse or my mouth on your cock.” He felt a burn of sudden mortification at the incited vulgar and abrupt response. The overly detailed description wasn’t needed, at all, yet he couldn’t find it in himself to take it back.
“... So it’s an embarrassing gift?” Sherlock murmured and began to smirk, holding out his hand with impish delight. “Let’s see then.”
“We… we can do that… I'm happy to do that.”
day at that boring clinic you like to pretend is worth getting up in the morning for.”
reasonable price! - I was thinking of getting the plastic ones but… well, it’s just not not the same, is it?”
“Little difficult for her not to. Especially when we did it in the hall,” Sherlock drawled with some tinge of arrogant pride.
to be in a relationship. Not with them.
John humming non-committally in response to her, still entirely focussed on Sherlock, he tried to get a grip on himself, feeling embarrassed and ashamed, “Mrs Hudson, would you give us a minute? I need to… speak with him,” he uttered, but he wasn’t going to speak with him, he couldn’t speak with him. What would he say? He wasn’t good at those kinds of talks, not unless he was drunk, and even then he couldn’t quite grasp it. How could he explain his thoughts to Sherlock either, if they were contradictory, when they were somewhat incoherent?
“Lure him out with the promise of a kiss, as well as tea and biscuits,” she told him, glancing in the direction of his bedroom. “I think that’s what has been bothering him the most, you know.”
“You’re
John popped the cork of the bucks fizz and poured Mrs Hudson a glass, “
thing I’ve received in a very long time…”
“I’ll take my violin down with me,” Sherlock added, still watching his face and every move he made, feeling stupidly out of his depth, feeling slow. “Play a little something.”
were!--”
John choked on a gasp and thrust in almost viciously, the rippling spasm of Sherlock’s muscles and the rake of Greg’s teeth, more than he could bear. He came deep into him, coating the condom which separated them with a shudder and a groan. His vision went hazy, his head spun, and he was left violently trembling, body collapsing into Greg’s curling arms.
John bumped charmingly into Sherlock’s side as they followed after the joyful puppy, keeping as close as could, "I'm surprised there are any shops open today."
with this. So scared. Out of the two of us, if we were parted, you would survive without me. I
“Well, you can be a
!” John insisted, poking Santa's arm again and inclining closer, so close that he could see twinkling blue eyes and rosy cheeks. “You have a beard, the build, the eye colour, the... the... and a
Greg nodded and came to sit on the sofa opposite him, waiting for his coffee to cool a little before taking a sip. “… Does he know?”
John couldn’t help but smile timidly, well aware that he was beyond average in both girth and length, especially for his stature. His other sexual partners had shied away from taking him all, and he certainly had never been allowed to do anal sex with a partner, until Sherlock, of course. His eyes had lit up the first time he’d seen, immediately impatient to have it inside him. John hadn’t been sure if he would ever fuck anyone else again after such delights as having Sherlock on all fours with himself fully sheathed inside. It had been heaven. Addicting and worth repeating for as long as he was able.
thrilling.”
As they neared the other side of the park, heading for the street once more, Sherlock looped the slip lead around Orion’s neck again, fussing with the pup’s face, his muzzle, his ears, neck and the fluffy fur of his chest. Orion complained, nipping at the lead, but didn’t draw out the issue, trotting around them as they stepped out onto the pavement, tangling up between their legs a few times. Though it had been years since he’d taken a dog for a walk, especially a young, boisterous one, he found that owning a dog was a lot like riding a horse, it wasn’t something his body, his subconscious, forgot, and he was able to slip the lead free of them with several twists, moving Orion to his side.
Sherlock froze and then tilted enough to peek up at him, “It was that obvious?” he murmured, giving a gusty sigh and running a shaky hand through his fluffed up hair. “I am surely losing my touch if I am
... esp-esh-especially this time of year!”
them, we can go to one if you want, if you like them so much. I will be willing to a compromise and give in to you.”
Taking it back after a mini tug of war, Sherlock stroked his muzzle and then threw it again, “He’s so very clever,” he murmured, impressed and proud.
it is.” He looked down at John’s hands and his expression softened, then dropped in diffidence, leaning back on his heels. “You don’t
easy and then I'm there gagging after the first inch. - Made you come though, didn't I?” He returned Sherlock's snide stare with one of his own. “Only just got you out of my mouth in time before you coated my face--”
“Worth it then?” John snorted, cleaning himself up with one of his vests, which he took back to wipe up the come that was dripping down his wall, skirting boards and carpet. As carefully as he could, John reached down and half lifted, half dragged, Sherlock until he was at the edge of the bed and he could haul him up and throw him down on the mattress. “Might as well sleep it off on the bed, rather than the floor.” He leaned down to kiss the top of Sherlock's head with a low laugh. "I'm not a
the one that should be cursing him – I hate having my time wasted,” he mumbled. “And for nothing too.”
before?” Sherlock groused and let out a long sigh, smoothing down his shirt and clenching his jaw. “Surely the answer is obvious?”
of them deserve you...”
In the midst of getting his breath back, John leaned down limply to push their sweaty brows together and then moved away to clumsily gather some tissues from his drawer to clean him up, rubbing some of it into his nipple as he did so, making Sherlock’s lips part in pleasure. Their eyes never left each other, they stared and stared until John pulled at and pulled off their tops, then shuffled away to slide off his bottoms. Behind him, he heard Sherlock move to do the same, and looked over his shoulder, caught instantly in the man’s gaze once more. Sherlock’s eyes were ethereal in the gloom, both dark and intensely vivid at once. John would get lost in them when they weren’t piercing through him. Would be fascinated with the amount of colours within them, the way they seemed to change in different lighting, like looking into a prism.
for.”
…” he wheezed, tipping forwards to collide with John with a moist, slicked push. "Oh
“She knows,” John said, hiding another smile behind his mug.
John followed his instruction and reduced the trailing of his thumb, pushing a knuckle up towards Sherlock's perineum, spreading the lubricant. His eyes never once left Sherlock's. Not when Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed with pleasure, not when they heard the slam of a car door from outside or the blared sound of a siren. Nothing would take away from the moment. Nothing would distract John from his task, from their intimacy. They were in their little bubble, and it was perfect.
“Bubble and squeak!” Mrs Hudson squealed happily. “With leftover stuffing and baked beans.”
Sherlock shivered as the breathed words tickled and stroked the sensitive skin of his lobe, “I’m
Nodding, heart in his throat, Sherlock let him get one foot out into the kitchen, passed the open partition, before he turned to look at him properly, “John,” he croaked, bringing John to a pause. “I haven’t anything for you. - What you’ve done for me, what you spent time on and bought, is perhaps the
“Orion’s going to
told you that,” Sherlock growled, frustrated.
John bit his lip as he inched forward, pushing in more and more, pushing deep, a husky moan dangling from his parting mouth, and the squish of lube obvious and lewd in the quiet lull. The hot, tight tunnel of Sherlock’s submitting desirous body sent John's head spinning, almost spiralling him into the whirlwind of orgasm too early. He wanted to enjoy it first, just for a few moments more. Wanted to draw it out. Wanted to fuck fervently into pleasured oblivion. So he gripped Sherlock's thighs, forced himself to calm, not to push too quickly, and glanced upwards, meeting Greg's eyes.
! Absolutely horrendous! Probably couldn't carry a note even if your life depended on it! And yet... and yet I can't
Sherlock grit his teeth, “No…” he confessed. “It doesn’t.”
want you to feel that way...”
,” he muttered.
good at running. You’ll tire before I do.”
When Sherlock returned he hopped over the coffee table holding two bottles in his hands, one was a type of lotion and the other was some sort of oil, “
“Ah, yeah, sorry, I can be a bit... withdrawn and times,” John replied, genuinely surprised by the gift and also extremely suspicious. He hadn't expected to retrieve one from any of the staff, any co-worker, not beyond the forced Secret Santa, of course, and for Sarah to go out of her way to buy him something, to get in touch with Mrs Hudson to run things by her, and to hand it to him personally, he was somehow both pleasantly flattered and immensely dubious. He looked down at the perfect placed wrapping paper, smoothing his fingers over it, and nodded in thanks. “You didn't have to go to any trouble for me. - Thank you though, I really appreciate it.” He squidged the gift, glancing from it to her and back. It felt like clothing, but it was too small for a top or trousers. “Should I... open it now?”
“Possibly not. Though with her and Mrs Hudson, who
.” Tugging John further into him, away from the sudden prying eyes of one of the two patrons, Sherlock lead both his John and his dog, around the prepared path, gathering what they needed, slinging it into the basket, and then stopping in the queue in record time.
,” Sherlock retorted as he yanked a chair out roughly, sitting in it with a huff like a big, pouting child. “Hurry up then. Give me these stupid ‘things’ to sign and ask me whatever pathetic questions you need to.”
the time when you don’t even try.”
, I don't know whether I want to laugh, cry or shag the sofa in relief.”
affect our friendship.” Greg gave a brisk, determined and agreeing nod at that, tracking John’s every move with greedy eyes. “And if you like it... and it
... not really but... well, it's... it's only fair, right? - Gimme your finger then,” John sighed playfully.
?” John asked in amusement. “That’s a surprise.”
“Please don’t lie about this.”
"You'll be the best friend he ever has," John said as the dog himself wandered back with the stick and a wagging tail.
when, who is it, out of the two of us, whom has arguments with machines? Yes, that’s right, it’s
"Looks like you're taking good care of the new family member," she said, packing away everything and scanning the next few.
happy, John. About Orion.”
“There is no need to put a name to it. To label it. We don't have to justify it to other
Sherlock gave a chunky shrug, “It could be. I have no qualms about it.”
John shook his head, “Everything’s… pretty much perfect,” he said. “Orion’s just the cherry on the top.”
“No... no but... but I—
“It was an idea, yes,” John said, “but then I met Orion and I couldn’t choose anyone else.”
“I… I look so
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted, allowing himself a few moments of indulgence in the arms of his landlady, his fingers still tightly clasped with John’s. “
“Everyone has some fixation on sexual experience. Whether you’ve done it, whether you haven’t, and what that
Orion was gone before Sherlock reached his tail. He bounded across the green with his tongue hanging from his mouth, running around in circles, sniffing and exploring spots in the grass and trees, then eventually coming across the poodle Sherlock had mentioned, starting to greet them.
“What
. It’s muscle, John,” Sherlock complained in frustration and thudded the cards seconds after he'd laid his down. “
“Was our meeting something in your control?” John asked as he set some of the empty bowls down next to the plates.
John nudged his elbow into the side of Sherlock's stomach and wiggled aside, putting the plate down before managing to wrench Sherlock's hand away, “That's a
. Touch me as I touch myself.”
“And if he
I was, but I’ve always had a…thing…for you.”
He snapped at Mrs Hudson when she came up to say goodnight and then sulked into the shower, too tired and irritable to even have a quick one off the wrist. Even the feeling of the water felt wrong, felt annoying. Shampoo somehow got into his eye. The conditioner bottle was empty. His feet slipped against the bottom. The towel fell to the floor before he could reach and grab it. Everything that could aggravate him, did, and he was grinding his teeth and seething with a red-eye and tensing, aching muscles by the time he was done. It didn't take long before he just gave up on the day entirely and was muttering goodnight to Sherlock, heading up to his bedroom to crash, naked and still damp onto his bed. Collapsing into a dead sleep only moments later.
understand." He swallowed too, something he dared not even identify rising in his chest and catching in his throat. "You don't want a relationship.
John sniggered in reply and then slapped another card down, shouting snap, “So… er… how to phrase this one…
, Sherlock, don’t go to sleep yet!”
John ducked his head briefly, his own smile surprisingly shy for a moment before gaining a confidence that bespoke experience. He looked up at her again and reached for Sherlock’s hand. It was so effortless, so simple, and so honest that Sherlock couldn’t help but beam at their softly grasping fingers. He could feel Mrs Hudson’s eyes on them and knew, without looking, just how delighted she was.
Sherlock gave a crooked, impish grin and lifted a smeared index finger, drawing it along the inside of John’s lips before he pushed it to his tongue, "Only fair..."
"No," Sherlock huffed and adjusted himself, lifting up on his knees to they were no longer touching. John wasn't sure if he was relieved or disappointed. "I wanted to ejaculate up your back--"
,” John warned when the tingling in his abdomen extended and burnt hotter, expanding inside him as his orgasm got nearer, as Sherlock swallowed him further down his throat, controlling his gag reflex impressively. He quickly gave Sherlock's hair a sharp tug. “You're
“Everybody loves surprises,” Mrs Hudson said, her eyes bright and her smile brighter. “And it took you long enough! That boy’s been making eyes at you for months!”
“Let me help,” John said, but she waved him off as she put them next to her own gift.
Tipping his head down, Sherlock found John standing before him, plate of jammy toast in hand, and a concerned frown on his face, “John,” he said in reply, taking the offered food with a nod of gratitude. “Thank you.”
“… You good?” John asked softly, looking over at him.
now, but it won’t… it
“Sherlock?”
“That was…” Sherlock’s words slurred slightly as he settled, “I…”
“It’s
“I’ll go fetch the shirt for you while you get to know him,” Judith said, handing the end of the lead to John as she jogged away, stopping momentarily to talk to Ryan.
Santa squirmed in his seat a little, evidently uncomfortable, “Have you spoken to him? Homer? And told him how you feel?”
“Orion,” Sherlock said to the pup to gain his attention, smiling, anger melting, when the dog turned his head with a happy pant. He bent down to him, cupping the snuggling snout, and lifted his eyebrows. “Don’t talk to strangers.” Orion licked at his nose and continued to pant, clearly not understanding, falling back to Sherlock’s side when he had his chin tickled.
“Yes, well, you
,” Sherlock argued, although it obviously wasn’t true in this case, John’s body heated pyjamas warming his fingers was proof of that. He vehemently hated himself for not knowing it earlier. He’d wanted it for so long that he’d clearly convinced himself it would never happen and now he couldn’t seem to let go of John, not now that he had him, and he looked down at his fisted hands, feeling a wedge of emotion well up in his throat.
“You can have my fortune telling fish,” Sherlock told him with a nod at it with a smile. “Don’t want you feeling left out.”
John glanced back at him and smirked, “You look a little distracted.”
deserve it,” Sherlock uttered with a scowl, arms moving up to fold beneath his head, stretching his torso, flexing and pulling the muscles in his abdomen taut. He was showing off, just as John thought he would, and it bode very well for whatever it was this was going to be. “My ego is justified.”
!” Sherlock exclaimed, collapsing down on the edge of his bed and wiping at his tearing eyes, face flushed and hair a mess. “
“Orion can have some,” Sherlock added, idly scooping up the gravy on his plate, just to watch it drip through his fork. “He can eat out of his new bowl.”
“The invitation is still open for you to come with us, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock threw over his shoulder as he snagged up the two paper Christmas hats and jokes on his way out.
humiliating. And I’m sure she was
“No,” Sherlock forced out in a strained mutter, temples sweaty and arms tensing, every muscle stiff and juddering. He glanced up at Greg for a second, pupils massively dilated and lips parted, and clenched his toes in anticipation, body tight, still painfully close to toppling over into a blinding rush of pleasure. Greg stared back at him, calmly wild with power. Gulping noisily and taking a gasping breath, Sherlock relented all at once and submissively bared his throat, seeming altogether very tipsy and willing. “
John spun in his seat, looking out the window to the single level building surrounded by a well-kept garden and a spacious, almost empty, car park, “Oh,” he said. “Thank you.” He pulled from Sherlock, giving his arm a squeeze, and opened the door.
John's cock ached and leaked against his thigh, tight and hot with ardour, but he ignored it, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock, trying to commit everything to memory as he tickled against Sherlock's prostate, careful not to overwhelm. A trickle of pre-come dripped down the curve of Sherlock's abdomen and hip, caught in the periphery of his gaze. John wanted to clean it with his tongue, wanted to suck and swallow at Sherlock until he was gasping, pleading, begging for relief. Wanted to throw himself on the body under him and partake, relish, and enjoy. Though he didn't. John needed to be in control to ensure Sherlock got what he desired. What he needed.
“You’re
much time to make up for.”
“There looks to be
need to go back to the flat, though I think I need to be somewhere nice a bit more right now. - I could sleep on the sofa or once you make
Inwardly grimacing, Sherlock sighed and took his time with his own bowl, scraping it clean with the side of his spoon, then lifting it to lick the last of the custard up from the edges. Some, inevitably, smeared up the tip of his nose and so he instead resorted to using his fingers, only realising they were both staring at him, thankfully in mirth, when he picked the spoon up to lap at too. John chuckled in good humour and Mrs Hudson pulled her handkerchief out with a sigh.
met. Some days I am in
“They're
kiss you,” Sherlock pointed out in return, adjusting his stance with a sway of his hips, finding the way John shifted with him blissfully marvellous. He wanted to dance with him. Wanted to cling and push and roll and dance. “It just...
The action didn’t move him physically, but rather psychologically, emotionally, pushing all the air from his lungs and Sherlock lifted his eyes to look at the dog, the puppy, who recognised him, was greeting him, “Hello Orion,” he managed and reached to touch his head, stroking his ears, bending down to be closer. “Pleased to meet you.”
Slipping a hand to Sherlock's hip, John began rolling his hips, not thrusting, not now, but grinding, pushing on that spot. Sherlock's sounds of pleasure swiftly quieted into whimpers. He had his fingers in his mouth, nibbling and nipping at the ends of them, something John learned very quickly he did whenever he was overwhelmed or lost, particularly in pleasure. It made something primal build up in John, something instinctual and protective, and he rubbed his hands over every place he could, sighing and whispering words of encouragement into Sherlock's ear.
He'd been thinking it over for months. He'd tried to pay extra attention to the things that Sherlock had said, had mentioned in passing or grumbled about under his breath, but they had never been things that could be linked to gift selecting. If they had, John had missed out on it. Sherlock talked, sometimes incessantly, sometimes not at all, and it was frustrating trying to pick the right moment, trying to digest the slew of words, verbal or silent, that filled the flat since the day John had met him. Why was there nothing? No hint, no blunt comment, not even a lingering gaze on an item. It didn't help matters that John had started feeling a certain something toward him, that he'd been distracted by his eyes, his hair, his neck, his small, vulnerable, genuine smile.
