Dean glanced at Hannah self-consciously, he obviously didn’t want her to know about their earlier conversation. Castiel quickly came to Dean’s aid, burying the subject, “Of course not, Dean. I could never harbour any ill will towards you.” Even if you love another, he added silently.
“Well they’re also not supposed to get drunk or sleep either, so I’m guessing breaking one more rule couldn’t hurt,” Charlie insisted.
“Gabriel? He’s alive?” Castiel interrupted hopefully.
Dean grumbled, “Great, I knew being human would make this shit harder.”
“Oh man, why didn’t I think of that earlier? That would have been hilarious!” Gabriel snickered.
“Thank you for the food, Dean. If you’ll excuse me I have work to attend to,” Cas explained as he fled the room. Dean frowned after him, it could have been his imagination but Cas seemed upset. Should he go after him? Had he overstepped some unknown boundary again?
********
“I’m pretty sure he’s going to be okay,” Dean announced gratefully.
“So?” Dean snapped impatiently, why was everyone so hell-bent on never fully explaining themselves?
Sam accused furiously, Gabriel’s eyes widened in real shock at the human’s unexpected allegations.
“I’m sorry,” was all Dean could say.
assume it was a mistake,” Charlie reassured her.
“Dean, don’t you see? We are both free of our afflictions,” Castiel said firmly, one last attempt at making him see reason, “I fail to see any negatives.”
Dean scoffed, “Yeah cause I bet every husband has to build their spouse a nest when they get married.”
“What? That’s ridiculous,” Sam denied hastily.
Dean’s love for someone else for eternity. It would plague him every day, taunting him with what could have been his. Even after Dean passes away, Castiel would mourn the loss for the rest of his immortal life.
“Sure but since when do you like pancakes? I thought it would be too many carbs for you or something,” Dean teased. As expected, Sam flashed him a bitchface.
Something about it was both familiar and troubling, he combed through his memory looking for the reason why. It hit him suddenly that this sensation was familiar because he had felt it before, specifically four years ago when he’d opened the portal to purgatory. There must be a portal to another dimension opening somewhere in the bunker, he was sure of it now.
. I love you and I would never abandon you or our daughter. There are no more apocalypses and if there were, we’d face them together,
Dean shook himself from his thoughts roughly, he had more pressing matters to deal with than some internal crisis. Cas’s words kept ringing through his head.
I wish you’d just
“It’s good to see you’re awake,” she continued, placing the book down beside her and walking over to the couch, “You had us really worried.”
“Yes, thank you for delivering me to safety once again. I am lucky to have such a resourceful companion,” Castiel told her gratefully. Her wings shuddered at the praise, but her only response was a tense nod. Castiel stepped forward to trace her wings with his in both gratitude and reassurance.
“Oh my god, they’re even cooler than I imagined,” Charlie cried, gesturing to the wings still wrapped around Dean. They both frowned at her in confusion as she turned to Hannah.
Sam didn't respond as he moved.
“Are you ready now?” Cas asked, pulling his fingers out. Dean winced a bit and nodded, “Yeah, do it.”
Cas was still driving home, but he put the call through to his Bluetooth. “Dean? What is it?”
Dean sighed and threw his sword on the bed and went back to pacing. Sam bit at his lip. *Come on Lethallin, please.*
“So, how did the pictures turn out?” Kevin asked and Polly smiled at the change of subject. They huddled together and compared pictures over their drinks when a round of applause caught their attention. They looked up to see Sam shaking hands with Bobby at the center of the applause. Kevin suspected that meant Sam had decided to take the wood working position. He watched Sam mingle politely, though his smile was clearly forced, and eventually Sam managed to escape them, at which point he went straight for the door. Kevin watched with worry for a moment and Polly leaned close, “I’ll watch the cameras.”
“What are we gonna do?”
“Why, thank you. See, Sam. Someone appreciates me.”
“Aye,” Jamie said with a grin and went back to his food.
The week went by quickly and the boys fell into a routine; Dean went to work while Sam stayed home and studied, then Dean came home and made dinner where the two would talk about their day and Sam would try to get Dean to talk about their parents, Dean would refuse and then head off to a bar to find a boy or girl to entertain himself with.
“Hmhm.”
“Just wait a little longer, Dean. Please. If he gets here and then we have to go looking for you things are just going to get harder.”
“Alright, if you insist,” Cas said quietly and Dean nodded firmly as if to make his point one more time before he led Cas to bed. He helped ease Cas onto the bed and when he was sure Cas was at least somewhat comfortable, he went downstairs to grab some of Cas's favorite tea and whatever pain medicine he could find. When he got back he found Cas sitting up again.
Castiel walked over, “Drop and try again, you won’t be able to pull yourself up like that.” Dean glared at him rebelliously and Cas rolled his eyes, “Just drop or I’m going in without you.” In defeat, Dean did as he was told. This time he managed to get his legs up high enough to crawl over the gate. Castiel slowly clicked the door open and listened. He waited for a moment, but he didn’t hear anything. He looked at Dean and gave a small nod. Dean nodded back in silent understanding and pulled his pistol up, leaving his rifle resting against his back. Cas opened the door quietly and Dean moved in, ready to shoot. However, as it opened, they realized that the door had only led to a stairwell. Cas quietly checked the door leading to the second floor and found it unlocked, to his relief. They set up their positions again, listening and waiting, then Cas opened the door while Dean moved forward ready to shoot.
“Hopefully it won’t come to just…that. Come on, let’s drive around a bit more, they could still be hiding out in town somewhere, if not, then we head up to the ski lodge.”
Kevin examined it for a minute, he’d never seen one before, but it was beautiful. “Thanks, Charlie.” She smiled at him and gave his arm a pat before running back through the sprinklers to her office.
“I don't know. Even if we try, I'll probably just end up freaking myself out and pushing him away. I mean sure, he's the type to just keep going even when you push him away, but he'd get tired of it eventually and just move on to another conquest. Hell, he might not even want more than sex.”
Castiel watched as the young girl's hand filled with magic, she was about to attack and probably didn't even know it. Without a moment of hesitation, he rushed forward and pulled her into his arms. She shouted in surprise and struggled against him, her focus gone and the magic undone. “Let me go, I don't know you! Who are you?!” The elves and humans all turned to them.
“It's not about their personalities, Dean, it's about the fact that they are mages. They are full of the fade and it draws the demons to them.”
“Yeah…?”
“I know what we should do!” The guard continued.
"They are here. You know, through us," Sam reminded him before patting his shoulders, "You look ready."
“What?”
Knocked out of his trance, Dean turned around and saw Sam standing behind him with a shy smile. “Sam...”
“The roads in this area are dangerous in the winter, especially when you aren’t used to them. Despite the multiple fatalities every year, they never seemed to get around to putting up guard rails. I suppose it’s too late for all that now of course,” Castiel went quiet for a moment before continuing, “So, what exactly are you doing in Idaho anyway?” Castiel asked, his eyes purposefully staying away from Dean.
Cas looked pleased at how rushed and flustered Dean was and the two ended up just looking each other over quietly for a moment, soaking it in.
After a few minutes, Sam came to their table and started pouring glasses of juice. He started at the far end of the table, away from Kevin and worked his way around to pour Kevin’s glass last. Kevin kept his head down and his eyes focused on the table, despite the fact that he could feel Sam’s gaze all over him. The entire table seemed to know that something was up, because they were all oddly quiet and the air was strangely thick. Sam hesitated before putting Kevin’s glass back in front of him, but he managed to do it with an awkward smile, “I’ll bring around some food in just a second. Sorry for the wait.”
“Yeah, she was just gonna beat the crap out of you and leave you here to rot. Not a big deal.”
“Missing you is one thing, going halfway across the world is another.”
“The answer to that is most likely Kevin,” Cas deadpanned.
“Nothing, not really. Just, Professor Azezal has been giving special lessons to some of the first years that he sees potential in. Bella apparently isn't making very much progress and the professor is starting to show disinterest in her. She found out that I'm doing well and got angry, that's all. Slytherin don't like to lose....and even more so when it involves losing to Hufflepuff.”
“Aw, come on, Pol, a little rain never hurt anybody.”
“What was that about?” Sam asked as he climbed back under the blankets.
“They were good people. I was sorry to hear about what happened.” Despite his shakiness, his tone was genuine.
“Yeah...true,” Kevin panted as Sam kissed slowly along the edges of his small clothes, combing his fingertips up Kevin's thighs before slowly sneaking his hands up the back of Kevin's small clothes to give his ass a small squeeze. “Fuck, Sam.”
“I'd like that. Honestly, I could use someone to talk to.”
“Oh yeah? That sounds like there is a story behind it,” Sam asked curiously and Castiel looked away, considering whether or not he should tell him anything. It didn’t really have to do with their relationship exactly, so maybe it would be alright.
She knocked a couple times and pressed the heavy door open, revealing a large open room with a fireplace, several beautifully crafted wooden chairs covered with knit and patchwork blankets, and a matching couch. There was also a small desk to the side where several men all looked up at once.
“Dean, your idea of helping is usually just you telling me to let you handle it or for you to ignore the problem.” It stung, but Dean knew Cas was right.
Winter was long and hard, but by working together, everyone made it through. By the time spring came, there were plans in place for working some of the old farms in the area as well as looking for abandoned farm animals to raise. Now that they had a solid community and a moderately safe area to live in, it was time to look at becoming sustainable. They couldn’t live off looted food and medicines forever after all.
“When is the wedding exactly?” Kevin asked and Sam moved back to sit on his heels.
“Ah…same go for all the jerky?”
“What is it?” Kevin asked and Castiel held up his hand to quiet them. Kevin strained his ears to listen for something, but it all sounded like animals and typical forest noises to him.
Dean & Cas go looking for the other survivors.
The boys go on a supply run; Castiel takes advantage of the first adult conversation he's had in a long time to open up about what happened the night before, Dean starts to remember their youth, and Sam grows curious-er and curious-er.
Sam watched Cas while Dean seemed to look anywhere but at Cas. “Yeah, ok. I need to tell Kevin first though, then we can come up with something together. That'll give you time to think about it, Cas.” Sam stood up and then looked down at his friend, “You will think about it right, lethallin?” Cas looked up at him and gave a curt nod. Sam looked at Dean, “We'll talk tomorrow.”
Kevin took it with a smile, “That’s very interesting, thank you Castiel.” Castiel motioned for him to try the beer and Kevin blushed a bit as he looked down at it. His body was aching for sleep, but he needed to keep it together just a little longer. He took a sip, expecting a syrupy cherry flavor like that used in cold medicines, but instead he found a light, sweet spark of cherry infusing the thick dark beer. Even the foam was sweet. Kevin didn’t bother to hide his surprise as he sighed in appreciation. Castiel smiled at the reaction and headed to the door, holding it open for Kevin.
It took about a week to get the girl to Redcliff. Dean passed her on to his superiors and got his lyrium fix as a reward. Instantly, he felt better, his body had been aching everywhere and he couldn't seem to get enough water or food. He felt an empty hole of need for half of the trip back. But it was over now and the girl was dealt with. He was about to head to Benny's when his superior came over to him, “Well done, Dean. You're getting to be quite the mage-hunter.”
As they went further in, they felt the ground tremble beneath them, and noticed the wall beside them was shaking from multiple impacts. Then, suddenly, several large branches reached over the wall and stabbed down at them; Jamie pushed the Doctor and Polly to the ground, covering them with his body while John grabbed Kevin and Ash and pulled them back away from the wall to the other side of the path. Cas moved in front of the group and held up his harpoon to keep the branches back as Dean sprayed some of the acid up at them; they wiggled away, dropping parts of their branches as they went. But without a moment to breath, roots shot up from the ground, tearing the earth apart and grabbing Polly and Jamie.
Kevin looked up and watched as Polly worked on the central control panel, then suddenly she ran off. “Polly?” Kevin called, but she kept running. He waited for several minutes, listening to the machines and Jess’s fragmented breathing, and then the machines seemed to speed up. The sounds all raced faster and faster and reached an unnerving plateau. Kevin looked around, expecting an explosion, but then Jess started her airy laugh again and he looked down at her for an answer.
“Imagine sharing a room with him...you see why I want to play nice now?”
He felt helpless and irritated all at the same time and the rain just seemed to make it worse. At least at home he could shut the sound proof shutters over his windows and drown it out. He wanted coffee. He wanted his computer and his desk. He wanted his houseplants. Kevin pulled the blanket over his face and weighed his options. He knew he could go downstairs and get some breakfast and a shower, but he would be sucked into the whirlwind of the Winchester Inn and wedding preparations and he wasn’t sure he could handle that right now.
Dean stops halfway out the door and looks over his shoulder at the angel in his passenger seat. When he sees the serious expression on Castiel’s face, Dean begins to laugh. He leans forward, grabbing the door jam to keep himself from falling onto the concrete. “No, dude. Chick flicks are romantic movies. Stuff girls like.”
Ignoring his brother, Castiel watches Dean. How his eyes search Cas’s, how they show his every emotion. The darkness there shows his worry, his fear, but something lights up when he looks at Cas, like there’s hope. They’d always been able to communicate without saying much, unspoken agreements that Cas held just as dearly as Dean’s words.
The rough fabric rub against his skin in a light caress as he kneels to put on his boots. Dean shudders once again, trying to ignore how his body twitches with interest. Rubbing his hands on his thighs, Dean exits the bathroom. Deep breaths help settle him as he rounds the corner.
The door to his office swings open and Gabriel walks in, right cheek puffed out as he works his way to the center of a Tootsie Roll pop. Balthazar;s grin lands on his business partner, causing the archangel to raise an eyebrow.
Dean fake scowls at the fallen angel, mumbling under his breath so Creedance wouldn’t hear him cuss.
Without saying a word, Cas looms over Dean’s recliner. Cas holds Dean’s cheek in his hand, the touch cooler than Dean remembered. Cas finally looks at him, eyes so dark the blue is gone from them. Dean’s breath catches in his throat and he thinks of pulling away. Instead, he stays stuck as Cas leans in close enough Dean can feel the angel’s breath on his lips. He shudders, but doesn’t close his eyes. He tries to speak again, but nothing comes out. There’s just silence. Not the warm silence Dean had grown accustomed to when he’s with Cas. This silence feels wrong, cold and tense. It makes goosebumps rise on his skin again.
The solid knock on his front door makes Dean’s face break into a grin. He jolts off his spot on the couch to open the door. Castiel stands on the other side of the threshold, a dark green bottle in hand with his tan trench coat folded over his arm. Dean raises an eyebrow at the bottle, glancing between the object and the angel’s eyes.
Dean bites his bottom lip as he thinks about it, trying to remember the last time he called his brother. Before he met Cas. Before he had someone to actually sit down with during lunch. “That actually has to do with something I gotta tell ya.”
Vulnerability never was a thing John Winchester let Dean show, never mind feel. He had to be stone cold, a natural killer. A machine that worked on pure instinct in the heat of a hunt. Being vulnerable meant having a weakness, which meant impending death. And then innocent people die. Dean blinks, pushing those thoughts away in exchange for others.
“I don’t plan on ever letting you try.”
Castiel rolls his eyes at his older brother, but runs his hands down the front of his jacket. Pouring a glass of water, Cas quickly drinks and studies the clock. He’d told Dean he would stop by the human’s apartment before one to drive over to the Singer residence.
Dean holds out his hand, pulse jumping when James shakes it. His hands are more calloused than Dean expected. Hands of someone used to hard work rather than magic. Dean swallows.
The two men watch the rain grow in power until it’s impossible to see through the blanket of water. No light shines through it, pitching the cab of the impala into semi-darkness. Castiel glances at the hunter, raising an eyebrow.
Dean sits up at that, scratching the back of his neck and looking anywhere but the angel. “Ain’t that my job? To listen to the plights of God’s children?”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at his charge. “Dean, I am a trained warrior of God, I think I will survive without you.”
Dean turns on his heel to walk away so he can share the news and to not freak Cas out with his excitement. He stops mid-turn, repositioning himself to plant a quick kiss on Cas’s cheek. The freshman jumps, gasping and touching his skin when Dean pulls back.
Looking up from the menu in front of him, Castiel’s eyes are wide. No one has ever given him a nickname besides Gabriel and Balthazar. He never did care for the nickname Cassie, but let it slide. Somehow, Dean’s shortened version of his name makes feathers puff up in pride.
“I’m sure ya do.” The murmured words flitter around Dean’s ears before they fully land in his mind. Dean blinks, startled by the statement he would normally consider a come-on. Though, the fae sounds genuinely comforted by Dean’s control.
Dean looks the cupid up and down, snorting at the offense. He pets the dashboard again. “Don’t listen to him, Baby. He just doesn’t understand us.”
“I think ‘s time to finish my pie,” Dean mumbles, winking at his angel.
“Cas, for Christ’s sake, you can’t sleep in that. You know that.”
Castiel’s eyes squint slightly at the question. He raises a hand in a formal-looking shrug. “We start whenever you feel comfortable.”
new messages. Gabriel had called him around lunch time, warning him that Castiel would come to Dean’s apartment to discuss their new plan of action. The formal language of the phone call made Dean’s throat tight.
Cas fights the sudden urge to throw up. Something green and black works it’s way through his grace, filling him with self-loathing he kept buried most of the time. He can sense it in his chest, constricting his lungs until each breath hurts.
“Even if Castiel doesn’t find you someone,” Sam says, voice quiet. “I hope you realize you still have him.”
“Hello, I’m Sam, Dean’s brother,” he says, voice polite even as he inspects Castiel.
Sitting in the chair across from Dean, Castiel stares at the food in front of him. The spices Dean has put on the chicken smell strong. He stares at the flakes of the italian seasoning, unaware of the curious looks both humans give him.
Dean tries to rock up against his angel, but the weight pins him to his chair, wooden side digging into the back of his thighs. He squeezes Castiel’s jean clad thighs.
“I want to be the reason you’re happy too. I want to be the reason you feel good. The reason your shivering in the shower moaning. I want this for real, Cas. Can I do this for you, please?”
Castiel stands straighter, wings stretching out behind him. Dean’s eyes catch on the movement and then notice the entirety of Castiel’s outfit. The fitted shoulders of Castiel’s suit coat slide into a smooth line to Castiel’s waist. The dress pants are pressed perfectly, highlighting the fact the angel is only an inch or two shorter than Dean.
Castiel’s eyes widen at the description of his physical appearance. Human’s use of adjectives always befuddled Castiel. Gabriel and Balthazar consistently teased him, telling him he’s always been a  “baby in a trench coat” or that sometimes his eyes “bored into people’s souls.” Dean chews on his bottom lip as he waits for Castiel to respond. He expects the cupid to disappear, or tell Dean fuck you  in that gravelly voice.
Castiel goes about filling a glass of water and Dean hunches over the bag. As quickly as possible, Dean shoves pairs of panties between his boxers and briefs without folding them. The touch of smooth softness against his fingers makes him shiver.
Dean furrows his eyebrow at the message, surprised at the formal language and the quickness of the response. His clock reads 11: 43, giving him enough time to wash his bedding and put on some proper clothes.
The short man winks at the woman, who giggles shyly. The taller man, “Balth”, nods in agreement, his arms sprawled out on the back of the couch. The female host holds her hands out to both of them.
Castiel smiles, kissing Dean’s chin and resting his forehead against Dean’s collarbone. Instead of saying anything, the angel allows his wings to manifest as much as they can in the physical world. Their shadows stretch across the roof, and Dean reaches out to touch the invisible appendages. When his warm fingertips pet Castiel’s feathers, Dean whispers, “Dear god… you’re an angel.”
While Dean focuses on breathing, the angel tilts his head up with a finger. Castiel starts at the clerical collar, kissing each freckle he comes across. He tugs on Dean’s earlobe with his teeth, laughing when it causes the man to jump. He sighs against the Dean’s neck, biting the skin when he sees the goosebumps rise. Dean’s hands move from the angel’s shoulders to his hips, pulling him closer while pushing him away. The priest rocks against Castiel’s thigh.
Castiel searches his eyes for a second more before resting his weight against Dean again. He shoves the jeans down enough so he can run his hands over the curve of Dean’s ass. When Dean hums, Castiel grins and kisses along his jaw. He stops at Dean’s ear, growling as he drags a finger from the bottom of Dean’s ass to the small of his back. Dean rocks forward, gasping when Castiel’s voice drops. “Good…”
Castiel carefully places the perfected pie in a circular Tupperware container with forks, his hands shaking as he snaps the latches shut. It’s a warm Saturday, the neighborhood kids enjoying the light breeze as they ride their bikes up and down the street. Castiel’s siblings are out and about in the backyard, soaking up the sun and taking a break from studying for final exams. He peeks out the sliding glass doors at the back of the living room, laughing when Gabriel throws a screaming Anna into the pool.
Dean knows people don’t just go and kiss someone they’ve known for less than two weeks. Each conversation he has with Cas feels real though, like he’s truly getting to know the angel.  Every time Cas stares at him, meets his gaze, Dean feels like Cas knows everything about him. Cas can see his soul, of course he knows Dean.
Cas still doesn’t let go of Dean’s hand, the pad of his thumb a whisper against Dean’s skin. “I will see you Monday.” He squeezes Dean’s hand. “Goodnight, Dean.”
When he opens the door, a young and confident woman grins at him. She holds a tray covered in plates of food and beer bottles up, a stack of menus under her arm. Her name tag reads “Jo”.
“Why, ya busy, Sammy?”
Castiel rubs his eyes, but the image won’t go away, the longing won’t go away. His body feels too warm, too cramped, yet he wants to be closer to Dean.
The next day, Dean searches for Castiel in the courtyard as he sits down with his lunch. He doesn’t spot the freshman right away, brooding over his lunch as his friends settle around him. They chatter over their own trays, discussing the homecoming dance and how they plan to ask girls out.
And if he wore the Henley tonight after his inevitable conversation with Dean, then that’s something only he knows.
When the woman walks away, Castiel watches her. His grace hums as he stretches it outward towards Dean and Jo’s respective souls. Both instinctively reach out towards Castiel’s grace. The cupid pushes the energies towards each other, grace seeking through them.
In Heaven, the passage of time is diluted. To human souls, it doesn’t exist any longer. For angels, it feels infinite. To Castiel, the weekend after Thanksgiving is longer than his entire existence.
The human locks the door, hands still a little shaky, but there’s a smile on his face. Castiel steps back to give Dean room, wings spreading a little at Dean’s words. They walk down the hallway of the complex together, Dean shaking his head as they go into the parking lot. Castiel looks around at the cars around them, trying to push down his curiosity as they approach Dean’s Impala.
When he gets up to throw away his trash, he spots the freshman sitting in a different sunny corner. Dean grins, noticing that the boy has kept his casual look, including the Vans. Dean purposefully walks past him, looking him up and down again. Today, he notices the angle of Castiel’s jaw line, the straight slope of his shoulders, the smooth lines of his waist.
for her. No, he wanted someone else. Left the other side of his bed open for that person.
The way Castiel curiously eats his food, like each bite is a new experience, makes Dean chuckle to himself. He then wonders what Castiel does during feasts or buffets.
Structure of the game:
They arrive at the Roadhouse too quickly for Castiel’s liking. He wishes to stay in the car, feeling the wind push around him without actually moving his body. His cheeks are flushed, carefully parted hair fluffed out by the wind. Both men exit the car, the buzz of the drive echoing in their limbs. Dean huffs a laugh when he takes in the cupid’s appearance.
Dean whistles, then grins. He takes Castiel’s hand and squeezes it. With a blink, Castiel restores the power of the neighborhood, everything within Dean’s apartment back to normal. The human shakes his head, patting Castiel’s shoulder as he walks past to his bedroom. “You’re somethin else, Cas.”
Before Dean can push him off, to push him to side again, to lock him out again, Castiel melds himself with Dean. His lips are hot, pulsing with his boiling grace. He feels Dean’s fingers clench on his, feels Dean’s thigh muscles clench under his own. Castiel keeps the kiss short, just a gentle touch.
“Let’s chat.”
Dean rolls his eyes as he departs the room. His promise does bring Castiel some comfort, but he finds the silence between him and Bobby as comforting as the constant chatter. The man doesn’t expect him to make small talk. Instead, they just sit and listen.
Dean takes his suit coat off and folds it over the back of a chair. He shrugs as he moves towards the refrigerator to grab them some beers. He holds one out to the angel, eyebrows raised to implore Castiel to take the drink. Cas snatches it from Dean’s loose grip, popping off the cap with a smooth twist of his arm. The first sip of alcohol does nothing but give him something to do.
To avoid the question, Gabriel begins drinking the chocolate milk left over in his bowl. His hidden expression forces Castiel to sit in suspicious silence. Gabriel wipes his mouth with the back of his hand and shrugs. “I’m not ‘implying’ anything. I am surprised. I didn’t think you would hit it off with the guy.”
Gabriel winks at his younger brother when he says the last statement. Castiel frowns back, pulling one of the stools from around the counter. He starts opening some of his bills, eyes scanning over the numbers as he does the math in his head. “I actually only looked into two potential partners for Dean. One of which, he strongly opposed due to their close relationship.”
Castiel clings to Dean’s shoulders, fingers digging into his muscles as his feathers circle them. The press of Dean’s dick and stomach against him, the bow lips kissing along his skin, the thigh pressing between his legs, it all barrels through him. His grace roars, eyes flickering with light. “Dean, please. I don’t do this often.”
Time ticks by with such a slowness that Castiel doesn’t even remember anything before that. His bedroom blurs around him, his senses dulled by the fact he hasn’t moved in three days. The few moments of hunger, thirst, and sleep he does feel pales to his memory of Dean’s lips on his.
Ripping at the fabric, he pulls up the sleeves of his shirts, scratching himself in his haste. His forearm is scar-free as the heat fades away. He shudders in the bathroom, jumping when his brother opens the bathroom door.
Swallowing, Dean stares down at the bar. “S'ok. You didn't know.”
The archangel hums around a mouthful of cereal, raising an eyebrow. After swallowing, he points his spoon at Castiel. “Yet you stayed late?”
Dean smiles and thinks that Chuck wouldn’t mind the analogy. The hunter pulls onto the gravel road outside the bunker. Pulling the car to a stop, the rain pools downward. Dean turns the car off, keys warm in his hand as he leans back.
Castiel squints at the dashboard in front of him. “What does movies about young chickens have to do with the color pink?”
Dean rubs the back of his neck, looking away from the other man. Instantly, regret makes his muscles heavy. His heart skips a beat. Idiot, he thinks, why the fuck would you say that?
Ears hot, Castiel nods. “You can come sit down in the kitchen while you gather your stuff. The table is clean.”
Castiel leans forward and kisses Dean gently. “You’re beautiful, Dean.”
Lucifer stands, wiping his hands on his pants. He sneers at the hunter, and Cas freezes in their mind. Dean’s glare would make any demon cower in fear. It was a look Cas hadn’t seen since Dean got rid of the Mark. A look even Cas feels like cowering from. Cas can see his mind working, forming a plan.
“Cassie…” the angel mumbles, chin resting against his chest. Dean huffs a laugh, shaking his head a little.
Dean raises an eyebrow, leaning forward and resting his elbows on the table. “And what would that be?”
After a couple of moments of them just holding on to one another, Castiel kisses Dean’s exposed neck. Fear and joy and sadness and empathy bubbles in his chest, thick and sweet like the heavy scent of caramel. Castiel takes a quick breath in, forcing himself to say the words before he loses confidence. “I love you, Dean.”
Dean holds his gaze, cupping Castiel’s face once again. He traces the pad of his thumb over Castiel’s lip, and Castiel pants against it. Castiel’s eyes flutter as Dean watches him. “Dean…”
When Ash places a large plate with the best burger he’s ever seen on it, he sends out a silent prayer to his Father. A brief and very sincere thank you for grilled meat.  He finishes it quickly, each bite causing him to pause with new thoughts of appreciation. He shares this with Ash when the waiter comes back to fill his cup. Ash smiles before sharing it with the chef, Ellen, who comes out and thanks him for the comments.
“You little shit, what have you gotten me into,” Castiel says, the tone of his statement softening as he contemplates how this could work out.
Dean hears Charlie’s voice through the wall. “Evenin! What can I get ya?”
“Not as good as this,” Castiel offers, leaning into Dean’s arm to stay upright. The hunter pauses, looking at the content expression.
Shoving at Benny’s chest, Dean turns to the pies they have cooling by the window. “Ain’t nothin goin on. I’m just servin a customer. A good customer. He hasn’t started no trouble ’n pays good money. I ain’t gonna treat ’im like dirt just because he’s not human.”
“Why don’t we go to the park?”
Dean smirks as at the cupid’s reaction, washing down his burger with another long swig of beer. “Glad you’re enjoying the burger, man.”
+          +          +          +
Dean motions to the small table under one of the kitchen windows, taking the seat closer to the wall. Castiel sits across from him, wings carefully folded to avoid pressing into the chair. Castiel stares at Dean for a couple seconds before nodding.
Too groggy to get back up and shower, Dean stares blankly at the screen. The anchors speak with an odd pair of dudes. One of the men is tall, all lanky arms and charming smiles. His blonde hair is styled nicely, but the deep v-neck cut of his shirt makes Dean raise an eyebrow. The other man is much shorter. His eyes have a glint to them as he runs a hand through his almost shoulder length hair. But the crazy thing about both of them is that they have wings. Dean’s heard of angels, even met one. Fluffy wings, halos, the whole deal. But a lot of them actually turned out to be dicks. The angels had integrated themselves into human society, quite a few leaving their heavenly posts to live human lives. Wings and celestial powers still attached of course. They make Dean feel a little uneasy, seeing that none of them took part in politics or warfare of any kind.
Dean parks Baby off to the side of the parking lot at the Roadhouse that night. He’d spent most of the day doing errands: washing laundry, vacuuming, grocery shopping. After a day of being responsible, Dean figures he deserves a fun night with a good burger and a cold drink. And maybe he’ll get lucky.
The cupid doesn’t respond to the statement right away. Quiet resides in the entire apartment and Dean finds himself shifting his weight from foot to foot. Cas stares openly at him, like he can see everything inside Dean. And Dean thinks that he probably does, that this angel knows more than just the facts of Dean’s life and personality, but what his soul actually looks like. Dean considers looking away, but the glow in Castiel’s eyes stops him. It’s not just the ethereal glow of grace, but a softness Dean isn’t used seeing directed at him.
Dean laughs, putting his own cup back on the table. “I’m glad, Cas.”
“Damn, Cassie. You clean up nice.”
Dean fights the urge to roll his eyes at the formal language, but nods instead. “Yeah, Sherlock, what have you deduced.”
Dean stares into the darkness around him, feels his body slump while his muscles tense. It’s quiet except for the soft creaks of the bunker settling, noises similar to trees rustling and twigs snapping. He thinks of Purgatory again, of his nights alone in the forest when the moonlight shone on him. He calls Castiel’s name in his mind, offers a song in prayer, hopes his angel is still there.
Dean sits up, stares at the floor. Castiel. When Sam isn’t there, the angel is the only other person he thinks about. The other person he’d go to hell for. The person he searched Purgatory for. His eyes water at the memory, and he holds his head.
Lucifers simply meows.
The angel’s pink cheeks flush a darker red, but he smiles. He kisses the small dimple on Dean’s cheek, a sense of belonging settling in his grace. “I assume that means my coital skills are more than satisfactory?”
too much.”
The angel allows himself to be manhandled, whimpering as the pressure in his groin increases and the pace increases. They’re both sweating, blanketed by Castiel’s trench coat. Castiel cradles Dean’s head, keeps the back of it from hitting the door with every movement of their hips. Dean rakes his nails down the back of Castiel’s shirt under the trench coat, squeezing his ass at the end of the stroke. Castiel moans, fingers clenching helplessly against the leather seat. He pulls at Dean’s hair, moving his head back to kiss him again. The priest yelps, then groans under Castiel’s lips. “Fuck, Cas.”
Dean ran The Devil’s Backbone with what he believed to be class. No firearms allowed, take all brawls out to the street, and leave his waitresses alone. Follow the rules, you’d be allowed back into the dim lighting surrounded by chattering voices, Garth teasing the keys of a piano Dean bought off the old Sheriff, and plenty of good booze to go around.
Dean gapes at the angel. Castiel’s wings arch above him, feathers stiff as they loom over Dean. The righteous anger and tint of hurt in Castiel’s eyes floors Dean. He opens and closes his mouth to say something to Cas, but before he gets the chance, the passenger seat is empty.
Shaking his head, Gabriel pushes himself out of his frozen state. “No, it’s perfectly fine. Your job is to satisfy your charge. If he asked you out, that’s his business. I’m just surprised he did.”
“The electricity go out?” Dean asks, looking at the blank microwave clock.
When the holiday finally comes around, Castiel stands in his room, staring at his closet. From what Cas understands, Thanksgiving is a special event. One where many of the family dress nicely during the gathering. Pushing his cupid uniform aside, he pulls out an outfit he deems appropriate.
Dean frowns a little at the words, unsure as to how he feels about Castiel following him. He shakes his head a little. “You don’t have to stay if ya don’t want to. I just thought ya might want something to do. You’re welcome to go home.”
Cas’s grace turns pink at the words, and he smiles. He rests his cheek against the top of Dean’s head, feeling like he’d finally come home.
angel. He couldn’t forget that. It would be too easy to let his feelings for Cas cloud his better judgement, but he knew he still wasn’t what the angel needed. Even if
“Cas?” Dean’s voice croaked weakly and suddenly it didn’t matter anymore. Nothing else in the world mattered in that moment except
This was all his fault. If he hadn’t forced himself on Cas then the angel would have never fled the bunker and strained his grace in the first place. Now Cas might die and
“Good for you guys. It certainly took you long enough,” Sam grinned at the couple. Dean decidedly ignored that, deciding to interrogate his brother later about how long he’d known.
Sam pulled a bitchface. “I know that, okay? But what if Cas doesn’t? He’s an angel, this marriage might be just as real to him as any human marriage. And you said so yourself, it’s
But to Dean’s surprise, neither of those scenarios happened. In fact, Cas had asked him to stay. And, despite the fact that staying left major risk for the “dreaded topic” coming up, Dean hadn’t been able to pass up a chance to spend time with Cas. He’d missed him more than he would ever admit aloud and being with Cas awake was way better than unconscious. It felt less creepy that way. Cas had been the “watch you while you sleep” type, not Dean.
At the realisation, Castiel wanted nothing more than to flee from the bunker and return to his office in Heaven to sulk. But Charlie wasn’t having any of it, squashing his plans in their tracks.
Dean also had to acknowledge that cancelling was ill advised considering he still needed to ask Hannah’s advice on how to court Cas. He had no idea where to begin and she was the only angel he had available to ask other than Cas himself. And there was no way he was having that conversation with Cas again, once was mortifying enough.
He laid his head of the table solemnly, Hannah felt the strange urge to comfort the human.
“But you can heal him, right?” Sam asked anxiously.
“And… do you believe it is wrong for an angel and a human to become romantically involved?” Hannah pressed, hugging her knees to her chest and wrapping her wings around them making her appear small and childlike. Even though she undoubtedly already knew his answer, Hannah was watching him intently as if his reply would hold all the answers. Dean hesitated, trying to find the right words that would satisfy her apparent high expectations. For some reason, his opinion clearly meant a lot to her.
“You doubt my abilities, Samsquatch? It went perfectly,” Gabriel assured him, flashing a grin.
to push him, didn’t he? God, he’d practically sexually assaulted him. No he
“Uh morning, Sammy,” Dean greeted his younger brother awkwardly, but Sam just smirked at them smugly.
Cas to me again I swear I won’t hesitate to punch you,” he growled menacingly.
“Shut up, just tell me what you came here for,” Sam huffed fondly.
. In hindsight, it was stupid of me to trust
Soon Cas was as stripped as he was and they moved towards each other simultaneously. Cas hastily returned to his place above Dean, pressing him into the mattress and smothering his neck with kisses once more. Dean groaned at the weight, pulling at Cas’s hips frantically in search of more contact. Dean’s breathing hitched as Cas’s clothed erection brushed against his own.
As Gabriel continued to speak, Dean felt a weird tingling spark in his chest. It spread throughout his body gradually until it reached his right arm, but as the tingling passed over the Mark it began to burn painfully. He grit his teeth to keep from crying out as he felt the mark fighting whatever was happening within his body. For the first time, Cas began to stir beside him. Hissing a sharp intake of breath Cas reached out blindly, his hand slotting over a familiar spot on Dean's left shoulder as if it were made for him. This time Dean couldn’t suppress his groan, as suddenly the intense burning engulfed his shoulder as well. He screwed his eyes shut, head resting on the bed as he waited for the agony to stop. For the longest time it seemed like his pain would never cease, like he might just burst into flames entirely. But finally, it began to melt away leaving behind sweet relief and pleasant tingling in its wake.
Several hours, a plate of the best breakfast Dean had ever had and another few rounds of mind-blowing sex later, Dean found his irritation couldn’t compete with the feeling of pure bliss filling him. He could be pissed at Sam and Gabriel later. Right now all he could think about was how great it felt in Cas’s embrace. He didn’t even mind that he was the little spoon, actually he kinda liked it. But Dean would never admit it out loud. Not that he needed to, Cas could probably feel his satisfaction with the situation through the bond anyway.
“Yay! Can you still fly? Let’s go to Disneyland! Oh no wait no
“How the hell did you lumpheads find me? I wasn’t even in this dimension!” Gabriel scowled, flailing his arms like a child chucking a tantrum.
They ate in silence, watching the pair at the other table down drink after drink, engaging in light conversation.
“Yep. But your brother is still a massive douche so don’t get too excited,” Dean grumbled.
Dean had known all along it was a mistake lying in bed with Cas like that. Self-control was never his strong suit. With each minute that passed, Dean had found it harder and harder to resist touching Cas. It especially didn’t help that Cas’s wings were
,” Dean declared. This was at least a topic he was passionate about. He’d suffered enough prejudice growing up with a homophobic father, he wasn’t going to accept any more bigoted bullshit
“It’s Charlie Bradbury now, actually. Where’s Sam and Dean?” she asked nervously.
Cas was still holding on in there somewhere. And it was up to Dean to find him. There was no way Dean was going to let him down.
“You need to get some rest, man. Just forget about all this for now, get some shut eye,” Sam instructed him firmly.
looking. They’d always just found their hunts on the web or in the newspaper. It’s not like he could just go knocking door to door asking if anyone had a ghost problem. But he couldn’t just give up, not after making such a big deal about it to Sam. If he came back now it’d be like admitting that his brother was right and there was no way he was doing that.
“If such as case
He stood uncertainly in the doorway, as if unsure if he was welcome. Dean, cheeks swollen with pancakes, almost choked in an attempt at swallowing the contents of his mouth all at once.
“Long story, I’ll explain in the morning. I’m a bit preoccupied right now,” Charlie beamed, gesturing to the giggling brunette beside her. Hannah was almost unrecognisable from the impression he’d had of the uptight angel. In fact, Sam wondered how an angel had gotten drunk so easily in the first place.
“Then it’s settled, I’ll go inform Sam,” Cas announced happily, before glancing from Hannah to Dean and adding, “you two should get to know each other while I’m gone. I’m sure you’ll be spending a lot of time together from now on.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” Hannah assured her. Charlie rested her hand on Hannah's arm gently above her elbow, drawing Hannah’s gaze back to her.
“Um if you wouldn’t mind Cas, I’d like some privacy. Some of us still have to shower, you know,” Dean reminded him tensely.
As Castiel finally reached the door, he paused, unsure of how to continue. Dean was awake, which meant he could no longer hide his arrival. The man would no doubt be annoyed at his invasion of privacy and accuse Castiel of prying. Although, even knowing this, Castiel still wanted to go in. If only just to distract the hunter from the emotions currently plaguing him.
Sam finally couldn’t hold back his smirk, “Sure, sure. Whatever you say, Short-stuff.”
Castiel held back a growl at the thought of Dean grooming Hannah’s wings. He’d known this was coming, he’d even been the one to bring up grooming in the first place, but it still stung. A part of him wished he could go back and never tell Dean about it at all. But he knew that was pointless thinking, Dean would likely have found out himself eventually. Especially dating an angel.
emotions after all.
In fact, the ache in his grace had recently become a painful throbbing he could no longer ignore. He knew he would need to return to the bunker soon. He supposed he had postponed the inevitable long enough. Perhaps he’d be able to avoid Dean within the bunker itself, it was certainly big enough. Well he’d be able to avoid him for a few days at least.
until Dean finally entered the room.
“Oh boy, I know that look! I sense a matchmaking scheme,” Gabriel chimed excitedly, “Count me in! I do love a good rom com. What do you have in mind? Handcuff them together? Lock them in a closet? Oooooh leave them on a deserted island for a few years?” Gabriel suggested animatedly.
Castiel shook his head roughly before demanding, “Where is Dean?”
“You truly care about him,” Hannah spoke softly, bringing Dean back from his almost-slumber. She didn’t phrase it like a question but Dean felt the need to assure her nonetheless.
Eventually he dragged himself into the car, if only to escape the chill of the night air. The way back to the bunker was silent, he didn’t even bother turning on the radio. He spent the trip in a stupor of self-loathing, his guilt and regret weighing on him like his own personal storm cloud.
But somehow, this felt even better. He felt completely safe; as if his grace was totally at peace. Was this death? Had he finally succumbed to his failing grace? No, there was no after life for his kind. Surely purgatory would be his final resting place and this certainly wasn’t there.
********
“Dean, what happened?” Castiel croaked, his voice even rougher than usual. He began to sit up before Dean put a hand on his shoulder, gently pushing him back down.
Before he even had the chance to open his mouth though, the moment was interrupted. The professional cock block himself didn’t seem to notice his older brother’s glare as he grabbed his lunch. Hannah followed not too long afterwards, hovering on the outskirts of the kitchen watching them eat awkwardly. Dean decided he’d spare her any further torment and rescue her from this obviously uncomfortable situation.
“Don’t get your panties in a twist, I’m only spying on your brother and mine,” Gabriel clarified.
“Because the view was better this way,” Cas admitted with a smile. Dean let out a surprised scoff at Cas’s blatant flirting. He decided he liked this new banter between them and could definitely get used to it.
Gabriel grinned, obviously smug, “I really don’t think you’re quite grasping this whole “archangel” thing, Rapunzel.”
Hannah wasn’t hard to find, Dean had been right in his assumption that she’d taken refuge in the library. It was quiet and filled with books, which could serve as excuses not to be social. She’d probably get along with Sam swimmingly.
Thanks for every comment and hope you all like this chapter too! :)
“What do your wings look like?” Charlie asked Hannah suddenly.
“Are you
Sam felt hollow after his confrontation with Gabriel, all his anger having dissipated the moment the spark in Gabriel’s eyes had died. Sam had only ever seen him with that expression once before, when he’d first admitted to being an archangel. The icy, detached expression felt completely wrong on the trickster’s face and Sam hated that he was the reason for its return. Sam couldn’t help regretting his actions. But his anger had seemed completely justifiable at the time and the thought that Gabriel might be innocent hadn’t even occurred to him. He
Castiel chastised himself for such selfish thoughts. He had no right to expect such things from Dean. The human had no way of knowing that the bond could cause such consequences. Masturbation was a normal human practise, he could hardly blame the human for wanting to satisfy his baser urges. Castiel knew all too well the great temptation that sexual desire brought forth. He himself had given into them so easily with April.
Sam couldn’t help feeling responsible. If he hadn’t suggested this prank then Dean wouldn’t be having some sort of mid-life crisis right now. To be honest, he was
“You don’t have to apologize. Worrying about each other is what a family
All caution was thrown out the window when he was faced with a familiar scene. It was like he’d stepped back in time to last week. Except this time Cas was completely unconscious and instead of being draped over Hannah’s shoulder, she was carrying him bridal style. When he locked eyes with Hannah he found her frowning at him impatiently.
Sam’s grip faltered only marginally as he searched Gabriel’s face for signs of deception. Gabriel stared back into his eyes unwaveringly, he could see in the hunter’s own eyes that he wanted to believe him but he just couldn’t
“How do you know?” Hannah whispered softly, as if part of her didn’t
His amusement faltered, however, when Dean didn’t reply. Instead he chose to collapse into the nearest chair, letting out a groan as his head dropped heavily into his hands.
“That’s too bad, wings are awesome. They’re so soft. Seriously Charlie, think of the softest thing you’ve ever touched and then times it by 100,” Dean explained waving his hands around enthusiastically.
“Good morning to you too, Cas,” Dean purred contently. He blinked the sleep-hazy blur from his eyes, rolling over so that he could kiss the angel properly. They kissed gently and easily, a stark contrast to the desperate and needy kisses they had shared last night. They kissed like they had the rest of their lives to enjoy the feeling and if Dean had his way, they would.
“I made you some pancakes,” Gabriel’s voice piped up behind him.
“Anyway, enough about me. This is your therapy session, not mine,” Charlie instantly brightened up, “are you seriously telling me you and Dean bonded souls? That is like the most love trope-iest thing I’ve ever heard. Seriously has Gabriel been reading FanFiction?”
, life on an assumption? The three humans looked to her for guidance, a mix of fear and hope in their expressions. They barely knew her, yet they were trusting her to make this crucial decision. It was this total confidence in her that ultimately influenced her decision.
Without a second thought, Dean turned the car around and began heading for the nearest crossroads. It didn’t take long to set up the spell, he’d done it so many times now that he could perform it from memory alone. When the crossroads demon appeared, he flashed Dean that familiar smug grin that all of these black eyed -well technically red eyed in this case- bastards possessed.
“Look, Dean, he was dying. He’ll understand that you did it to save him,” Sam reassured him, “just don’t discredit the marriage in front of him, okay? You don’t want to offend him, do you? Maybe it won’t be so bad. It’s an
“Enough games, just tell me what you mean,” Dean hissed impatiently.
“Well… I mean,
“Yeah, of course, right. Thanks anyway,” Dean interrupted dejectedly.
Cas looked so torn and Dean wanted desperately to know what he was feeling in that moment. Why did the bond have to go one way? It wasn’t fair.
“He’s likely gone to find more research. We already exhausted all that was to offer in the bunker last night. With his wings fully healed he’s able to fly, unlike the rest of the fallen, so his disappearance isn’t surprising. It’s no doubt he’s relishing in his returned flight. I don’t think cancelling our plans is necessary,” Hannah assured him.
He watched the small group as they exited the bar, wondering if they should follow. Gabe answered that question in the next moment, flying them out to the parking lot. Sam gripped his spinning head, flashing Gabe a bitch face.
He didn’t need much convincing before he found himself claiming the other side of the bed. He could just lie here while Cas healed, Dean told himself, there was nothing weird about a friend laying next to his buddy while he slept. Dean leaned back against the head board, trying to ignore the urge to get even closer. Wait, why
Gabriel looked at him in disbelief.
Hannah hesitated. She wasn’t certain but she suspected the presence of his grace may encourage Castiel’s remaining grace to seek it out, even returning function to his vessel in order to do so. But was she willing to bet her superior’s, her
“That'll have to be enough,” he declared, grabbing his coat and keys, “come on, Hannah, we’re going for a drive.”
He tried to appear unaffected but he felt his smile falter slightly at the admission.
Before she could contemplate the cause too deeply, Hannah noticed that the room had fallen silent. She instantly forgot her concerns, feeling guilty about being caught not paying attention. She may have been having an internal dispute, but that was no excuse for being rude. In fact, she was sure her staring must have become uncomfortable for Charlie. She hastily prepared an apology as she refocussed her gaze back to Charlie’s eyes, only to find the other girl staring just as intensely. However her focus was not for Hannah’s eyes, but for her mouth. At this realisation Hannah couldn’t help the nervous impulse to lick her lips, noticing Charlie’s eyes followed the movement of her tongue intently. Charlie’s cheeks turned a pretty shade of pink as her eyes flicked up to meet Hannah’s. Neither of them spoke, simply opting to stare back at one another.
Castiel snapped from his place on the bed, his hands fists at his sides, “Dean Winchester, you are the most infuriating human being I have ever met!”
“Wait,
“It’s an angel thing. You only perform the act with angels you’re really close to or attempting to court,” Gabriel explained hurried, “
feel the same way.
“You bet your ass it worked. Look see, nothing!” Dean grinned, flashing his bare arm proudly.
dicks anyway-” Gabriel cut off his own rambling abruptly, avoiding Sam’s eyes.
Hannah stared at Charlie puzzled for a few moments before replying.
“Dying,” Sam corrected before continuing, “and we were wondering if you could help heal him.”
He lost himself in his music, singing along to every song since he knew them all by heart, which helped to soothe his anger. But once his anger was gone all that was left in its place was regret. The music had helped to distract him for only so long, and with no other means of distraction available, Dean was forced to face the reality of what he’d just done.
Sam let out a sigh of relief but Hannah continued, looking at him meaningfully as she added, “However if they
Castiel wasn’t sure whether it was because he’d opened himself so completely to the bond or if the next emotion was just that strong, but the sudden wave of guilt that crashed through him was overwhelming. He drew a quick intake of breath as the force of it surprised him.
“Traditionally speaking I should be the one protecting you,” Hannah spoke for the first time. Her voice was low and slightly grumbled, suddenly Charlie completely understood Dean’s infatuation with Cas’s gruff voice.
“Uh hi, I’m Charlie,” she said nervously, holding out her hand. Hannah just looked at it curiously, tilting her head to the side. After a moment, Charlie pulled her hand back awkwardly.
say, when he’d begged Cas for his life in that crypt. Because deep down he knew that he couldn’t even
ever done for him? If anyone deserves him it’s you, Cas.”
Despite Dean’s dejected tone, his emotions seemed thrilled at the news.
But Sam was shaking his head before Dean even finished his sentence.
Actually he hadn’t felt this great in ages, well other than when he’d first woken up after the bonding. Dean’s soul truly was a miraculous source of energy. His grace always buzzed brighter than ever after encountering his soul, although Castiel assumed that probably had something to do with his feelings for Dean. His grace was just delighted to be near him. Which made him all the more depressed as he realised it could be a very long time before he was in Dean’s presence again, maybe never.
“You can have anything you wish, Dean,” Cas told him earnestly before his eyes sparkled cheekily, “But first I would like you to admit you are mine. I want to hear it.”
someone to guide them,” Cas assured him resolutely. Dean gave a heavy sigh.
Surprisingly enough, Sam wasn’t reaching for any hidden weapons. In fact, he was just standing next to Dean, watching him expectantly, his stare pretty much translating to ‘open the door already.’ Shaking off any lingering reservations, Dean complied, slowly pulling the door open cautiously.
great news. This meant maybe there really
Castiel felt almost humbled by this strange girl’s enthusiasm for helping his love life. She almost seemed
“Hey I was just kidding, it doesn’t bother me. Besides I did a bit of my own sleep-watching last night when you fell asleep on me. It was just so bizarre, I didn’t think angels slept.”
to me?” Dean gaped. Cas looked nervous as he reached behind him, plucking one of the larger black feathers from his wings. If the action hurt him at all, he did well not to show it.
Castiel stares down at his feet, wings pulling up tight against his back. “Yes, throughout the
Laughing, Dean holds up his bottle and takes a long drink from it. He sighs as he puts the bottle back onto the bar. “Thanks, but don’t call me that.”
Dean thinks back on their conversation earlier that day, at how stiff Cas seemed. Not the normal “I’m an angel of the lord” stiffness, but a hesitant stiffness Dean hasn’t seen in Cas since he first saw him after kicking him out of the bunker. His eyes were soft, a warm gaze Dean could wrap himself in. And he touched his shoulder, like he always did, placing his hand over the handprint he’d left on the hunter all those years ago. The only scar on his body when he crawled out of his coffin.
Dean paces in his kitchen the closer it gets to one in the afternoon. The only time he’d come in contact with an angel in real life was years ago at a hospital. Sam drove the Impala as he fought with John, and Dean sat in the back glaring at them to stop. That’s when a semi truck swerved out of nowhere and hit the car on the driver’s side. Baby’s frame crumpled around them as they spun out, and Sam woke up to find both his father and brother knocked unconscious.
Cas blinks, still grinning even as he faces Dean’s concern. “The faith… it’s very…” When he takes a step forward and trips, the angel giggles. “I think I need to sit for a minute.”
He picks it up from the ground, holding it up in front of him. Castiel examines the pair of boxers. He’s 100 percent sure he doesn’t own any boxers with the Batman symbol across the front. While he doesn’t mind the DC character, he favors plain briefs over pricey designs.
Dean stares at his little brother, lips parted. Dean knows he wouldn’t send Cas away even after they found his soulmate, that when the day came for Cas to leave, he would ask him to come back.
Dean gasps, stomach dropping and heat rushing through his veins. Running a hand through his hair, he takes in all of the underwear in front of him. He chuckles, laughter growing and filling the entire apartment. Castiel watches him, smiling as Dean holds his stomach and doubles over.
Castiel takes a deep breath, wings still puffed. He watches the streets and cars and buildings pass by them as he tries to reword his concerns. Soon, Dean is pulling into the parking garage and Castiel finally speaks. “Why does my wearing a certain color amuse you? Does the shade clash with my complexion?”
“Do you always run all the showerheads?” Dean asks, meeting Castiel’s eyes.
Anna stares up at Castiel with wet green eyes and sniffles. Her small hands cover a spot on her knee, a line of blood trailed down her leg. Cas squats next to Ben, smiling a little at Anna. “Hi, Anna. Did you get hurt?”
Once they’re on the open road, Dean turns on the music. He doesn’t turn it up as loud as he normally does, instead letting the guitar riffs and drum solos buzz softly through the silence. Castiel stares out of the window as the trees race by. The car doesn’t go nearly as fast as he does when flying, and the difference makes his eyesight swirl. His body starts to twitch. Dean glances over at him, concern making his stomach twist.
“What’s wrong with my clothes?” Castiel raises an eyebrow, frowning slightly.
“Dean, it’s been years since you guys broke up, I thought you moved on from this.”
Lucifer pulls out Castiel’s angel blade, spinning it in his hand before holding it over the hunter. Dean glances between the angel’s face and the blade. He scrambles away from the angel, reaching for the dagger between his waistband and back. When he brandishes it, Lucifer smirks. Castiel’s grace cries out, turning a dark blue and red.
Ash drops by with a burger and fries for Dean and another beer for Castiel. The angel watches Dean eat his burger, tracing the lines of the human’s neck with his eyes. His vessel’s ears feel warm as he watches Dean swallow. Looking away, he rubs the back of his neck with a sweaty palm. Dean senses his discomfort, and takes a swig of beer to clear his throat.
Dean’s enjoying such domesticity as he pads along the hallways. It’s late enough that Sam has relocated to the large plush chair in the back of the library, long legs curled around some book. Jack has disappeared into his room to watch more of Star Trek so he can talk to Dean about it over breakfast. These are the times Dean enjoys walking the bunker alone, hand absently tracing over the cold stone walls, grounding him there. A reminder that he is in place, still and moving at the same time, in control. He hums an amalgamation of choruses that have been stuck in his head all afternoon. His bare feet slap soundly against the floors, a true test to if they need to mop again. He goes past the bedrooms, towards the shower room attached to the storage room Sam converted into a “personal gym.” Dean rarely uses this shower room, preferring the intense pressure of the shower closer to his room or the large claw-foot tub. This one is large, a series of lockers and a single wall of showers. There are no dividers, just a simple white wall with each shower head about 4 feet apart. It reminds Dean of high school gyms, a thought he doesn’t necessarily enjoy while spending some much needed personal time.
Dean leans against the counter, taking swigs of his own drink. The cupid’s nervousness worries him slightly, but he’s come to trust Cas. Castiel’s presence soothes him now, his curious stares as Dean talks, his confused squints when Dean makes pop culture references, his accidental humor when he only means to be blunt. Dean smiles more around him, laughs more. The few nightmares he still got had stopped, instead replaced with dreams of Cas in the front seat or just the overwhelming sensation of blue. The human keeps these dreams to himself, of course. He pushes them aside and reminds himself that Cas is there on business, even if they had struck up some sort of odd friendship.
Castiel’s words have a serious and concerned tone, but the angel also uses air quotes to accent his point. The gesture makes Dean smile. Castiel’s grace swirls happily in his body when Dean relaxes.
Dean speeds up as he weaves through the Monday morning traffic. He quirks an eyebrow at the question. “What?”
Sam’s silent as he analyzes the stiff tone in Dean’s voice. It doesn’t take long for him to piece everything together. “She introducing him to the new guy she’s with?”
Forcing himself to stay silent, he curls tighter into himself. His fingers fall to Dean’s lips, pressing into the soft flesh. His fingertips tingle as he brushes his thumb against that red bottom lip, moving his hand to the hunter’s cheek. Dean’s jaw is sharp, his stubble scratching at his palm as he pulls him in close. Castiel is centimeters away from his charge, staring into the eyes he remade with his own grace. He holds his breath.
his brother answers, a twisted smile on his lips.
Dean steps aside so Castiel can step into the apartment that’s now familiar. Dean closes the door
The oven beeps behind Gabe, but he keeps his eyes on his brother. The younger angel always took to caring for humanity. The work never bothered him. It wasn’t work to Castiel, it was his purpose. But the far off look on Castiel’s face even when he stares at Gabe makes the archangel wonder what is going on behind those blue eyes.
Castiel can feel the pain in his hands, the throbbing in his head, the beating of his heart, the sweat on his back. His grace sparks, lights and roars alongside his brother’s. Instead of falling back, hiding from Amara’s touch, it presses forward. It pushes more energy through his body, works with Lucifer’s to seal her away again.
Kissing becomes smooth for them after a couple minutes. The feel of Dean’s lips leading his own is something Castiel’s sure he’ll never get tired off.  Dean rocks forward, searching for friction against his semi-hard dick. Cas uses the motion to slide his hands around Dean’s waist and down the human’s back. His pushes past the waistband of Dean’s sweatpants, humming into Dean's mouth when he touches the bare skin of Dean's ass. He squeezes, using the leverage to pull Dean closer. He rocks his hips against Dean's slowly, mimicking Dean's early action. Both men gasp at the added pressure.
Dean clears his throat and closes his phone to shake away the sappy thoughts. He’d deal with that later.
Castiel nods, tilting his head at the nickname. He says nothing of it, but still grins about it. “Yes?”
Dean’s eyes widen at the numbers and the word ‘cupids’. A matchmaking service run by angels. No wonder they had a better satisfaction rate than EHarmony. Dean’s starting to feel bad for that old guy in all the commercials when the interview continues.
Dean notices his line of sight, adjusting the collar and laughing. “I should know, seeing as I got ordained little over a month ago. Took me a couple years but my baby brother helped out.”
Castiel blacked out when Lucifer finally trapped Amara. The blasts of light, the circling shadows, it shook his grace inside his body. He didn’t think it would be possible for his consciousness to fall asleep while possessed, but the blows of their fight knocked him out. Lucifer pulled at Castiel’s grace as well as his own, filling his body with explosions of blue power and white light. His bones ache. His stomach twists with nausea. He kept blinking, eyes sensitive to the light and the sweat dripping onto his eyelashes. When he woke up, it was to Amara’s screams.
“One does not need to be related to you to enjoy pie, Dean.”
After a second, the angel realizes that staring at someone else isn’t very polite and turns his gaze back to Sam. To Dean and Cas, the moment was nothing, a tiny second compared to the long minutes of staring they had grown accustomed too. To Sam, that one second seemed a whole lot longer.
Lucifer questions, tapping Castiel’s fingers against the arm of the chair.
The next day, he comes home from his work out and kicks another dark garment across the hardwood floor. Covered in sweat, muscles aching, and a much needed shower on his mind, Castiel leaves it, though curious. After cleaning himself, he wraps a towel around his waist and goes to the fridge to get a cold bottle of water.
She shrieked, staring at the scar on his hand. She tried to cut the symbol on his palms, tried to seal his lips, tried to blast the angels out of their shared vessel. Castiel searched Lucifer’s memories, and stumbled inside their mind when he found the image of his palms. Each wrinkle, each tendon and bone in his hands trembled and burned as they tingled, as a new Mark pulled every ounce of their shared power forward. Blood drips from them as they reach for the Darkness, and Lucifer whispers his promises to keep her from ever escaping again. Castiel quivers, weak and scared of the consequence of this spell.
After a couple of seconds, the angel takes his hand away. He smiles at the slight part of Dean’s lips, telling Dean to close his mouth with a tap to the man’s chin. Goosebumps rise on Dean’s arms from both the touches and the images still lingering in his mind.
When Dean stands, the fae lurks on the other side of the bar. Dean’s stomach lurches into his throat and he grunts in surprise. The fae tilts his head, watching Dean’s adam’s apple bob. “I’ll take a last beer before I depart for the night.”
As soon as they reach the car, the angel reappears outside the passenger side door. He stares down at his own reflection in the glass, then lifts his gaze to Dean. The tension rolling off Dean makes the hair on the back of his neck bristle.
The nickname sends another tingle through Castiel’s grace and his smile turns into a bright grin. “Cas?”
Castiel’s nose crinkles at the response, his eyes squinting. Chuckling, Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand again.
Castiel doesn’t look up as he says the statement, assuming that clients must ask for their cupids to go out all the time. Gabriel’s stunned silence, however, makes Castiel’s wings tense. “Is that not appropriate?”
Dean’s eyes glance over at the angel, the color glinting in the sunlight. He snorts, but then realizes that Castiel’s question is a serious one. He pats the steering wheel. “Well, most guys call their cars ‘she’, it’s tradition, ya know?”
In his imagination, Dean always thought that he would rush this opportunity, too eager and on edge to take his time. But the lazy warmth of steam and Castiel’s body pull him into a hazy sort of love. He relaxes into it, taking his hands off Castiel’s skin only to shake off his robe. Castiel huffs a laugh at the shaking motion Dean does but presses his throat into the hunter’s teeth. A short moan blooms in his chest and Dean grins, reminded of what drew him inside. He pulls back, kissing under Castiel’s eye. “Show me yer wings, Castiel.”
For a second, they awkwardly press up against each other. Dean grunts as he closes the door, but he grins when he leans back against the opposite door. He still has the blue tie wrapped up in his fingers, and he uses it bring Castiel closer. The angel’s heart quickens, a heavy beat he hears in his ear as he straddles the priest’s hips. When Dean yanks on his tie, pulling him into a hard kiss, he moans.
Sam shakes his head on the other end, and Dean can tell because his brother’s air brushes across the receiver. “I really doubt that’s going to happen. Ben loves you. Even if he likes this other guy, he’ll still want to see you. Unless you fuck up royally.”
The priest whispers still holding the angel’s tie, “I shouldn’t want this… It’s wrong…”
“Cas?” he asks, standing a little straighter. His dick throbs in his pants, but he ignores it as his companion remains silent.
The conversation fades into a quietness that Dean decides suits them. It’s light, warm even. It doesn’t press either of them to say more, to be more in the other’s presence. They’re just there.
The angel tells him he’s
“Lis, Ben, this is my friend Cas,” Dean says, gesturing to the angel standing in his kitchen. “Cas, this is Lisa and Ben.”
He constantly longs to fill that hole.  It makes him jumpy at night. He can’t sleep for hours sometimes, imagining what it would be like to have someone with him. To have someone to come home to.
Dean’s laughter fills the cab again. The skin by his eyes crinkles, his dimples appearing on his cheeks. He shrugs as he meets the angel’s confused stare. “You’ve got a point. You got any suggestions?”
“So what are we gonna do today?” he asks, putting his bags on top of the small table in the kitchen. Castiel raises an eyebrow at Dean. His charge bites his bottom lip, an action Castiel realizes is a regular habit. The constant pressure on Dean’s lip makes it red and swollen when he speaks, catching the angel’s full attention. His feathers ruffle a little before he comes back to himself and looks to Dean’s eyes.
They still hold hands, eyes locked on each others, rain the only sound to cover up their anxious pants.
Dean tilts the angel’s head back as he slides closer into his personal space. Castiel’s skin pulses with the warmth of the hot water. Dean’s gaze trails from the open sky of Castiel’s eyes, down the sharp cliff of his nose, to his plush lips. “Mean it, Cas. I’m not fucking around.”
With a new found silence between them, Castiel passes the time watching Dean again. The human twists a ring on his right hand, the silver band shimmering under the restaurant's lights. Dean’s eyes are unfocused, staring at the space past Castiel’s shoulder. His hair starts to fall out of the careful part, drooping slightly over Dean’s forehead. Castiel surprises himself when his fingers twitch with an urge to fix Dean’s hair. He clasps his hands together to hold himself back, eyebrows furrowed as he tries to understand the urge.
“That didn’t go over well with my dad, who found out about some of the negatives in the equation, if ya catch my drift” Dean finally says, shaking his head while looking at the ceiling. “I’ve never seen him so livid… Just a few years outta high school, he forced me into ministry work. I didn’t fight him. Everything I planned on before fell flat, like one of those theatre backdrops that look real.”
Behind Bobby, Ellen stands from their table and holds her arms out. “Well, boys, it’s been quite the afternoon and as much as I’d love to stay ’n empty yer wallets some more, I have a husband to console. Next rounds on me!”
There’s some low grumbling and stomping to be heard, the couple talking in more hushed tones in the other room. Jo still stares openly at Castiel, so he looks back at her. He isn’t sure what to do with himself now and suppresses the urge to wrap his wings around himself so no one can see him.
Dean stands awkwardly in the courtyard, navigating the tables and faces around him. His entire body quivers, muscles twitching as he walks around. When he sits on the brick wall, feet dangling over the edge, they still shake. He clutches his lunch in tight hands to hide the fact they’re wobbly as he continues to look for Castiel.
“Thank you…” he whispers, tilting his angel blade as he pulls away from his charge. Before Dean can realize what Castiel is doing, he’s shoving the tip of the blade into his chest. Inside his chest, Lucifer’s grace churns with his own. They form a tornado around the blade, and the force roars in their head. Castiel isn’t sure where his pain and sadness begins and where Lucifer’s anger ends. He can’t hear Dean’s screams, can’t feel his hands gripping at his chest. Castiel holds on to the memory of Dean’s lips against his, let’s that be the rose petals he’ll be buried under.
Dean knows the stories. Names are not given freely in Ouroboros, especially when fae are present. Though, Dean does not know his true name, just his human given one. Not many human’s do since it comes with too much responsibility to keep safe. Still, even the syllables of a birth name in the mouth of a fae can turn sharp as a knife. And Dean sure knows that the fae will sooner part with his head than his name, same as it is with all fae. Yet, this Sunday night, as the sun sets over Ouroboros, all stories break down to dust.
And that’s something he can’t have. If he had stayed, tomorrow would come and change it all. The morning after that kiss, Cas went back to being Dean’s cupid. Castiel admits to himself he’s a placeholder for what the human really longs for. An angel isn’t a soulmate.
The Winchesters had that sort of grit. Or, at least, John ground them into it. When John settled with his sons in the outer west, Ouroboros had already sunk its teeth into him. The stories of cliffs that sing and tankards that never drain wove together into a dream of bringing his wife back. He just had to find the right fae for the deal. While none took the bait, not even for the poor man’s soul, other deals claimed John Winchester for the whispers in the hills.
Maybe he shared his name to level things between them. Maybe he also shared it just to hear it in that bonfire crackle voice. Maybe he should run for the hills before he digs himself into more trouble. Maybe he should have seen his brother watching the interaction from the back of the bar.
Lucifer pulls forward a memory in their mind, grace gesturing to the scene. Dean sat in the bunker, bags under his eyes from long nights of reading. He rubbed his eyes, jumping slightly when he found Cas watching him. It’s early in the morning and Dean wasn’t even wearing pajamas. Dean shook his head and mumbling something about how he should give the angel a bell to wear. Cas had been confused by the expression then, scrunching up his nose and squinting at the hunter. Dean just laughed, smiling at the angel and telling him to not worry about it.
“I take it you didn’t wear that suit for me,” Gabriel snorts, scooping more chocolate chips into the batter.
When Lucifer finally places their hands on Amara, her shrieks grow. Her own power reaches to wrap them in darkness, to smother them in their own fears. Lucifer’s grace rose to the challenge, banishing any thought of losing. Castiel, however, thought of Dean. Saw his charge’s green eyes, his secret smile, hears his voice calling his name. He longs to tell the man he’s sorry, that he did it for him. So that Dean wouldn’t have to see his brother be possessed again. Because he’s expendable after all.
“I love you too, Dean Winchester.”
Dean offers a tight-lipped smile in response, following Cas into the kitchen. He scans the small, green room, smile softening as he notices the ceramic plates and metal tea kettle. The sugar and flour containers remind Dean of his mother’s kitchen, the homey feel he missed while away at college. He settles in one of the wooden chairs, plopping the bag onto the small table as Castiel sits in the other chair. His blue eyes follow Dean’s careful movements.
“Everything’s good. I just never saw your wings like that. They’re kinda striking.”
Warmth seeps into Castiel’s fingers as he brings the coffee closer to his face. He inhales the steam rising from the brown liquid. It smells rich. Dean smiles as Castiel inspects his drink.
Dean rolls his eyes at the title, resting both his elbows on the bar and leaning his head on his hands. “For you to shut up and get me two slices of Ellen’s apple pie.”
The stranger lifts his black derby hat, exposing a slightly graying mess of black hair.
Castiel’s head tilts, eyes squinting. The expression sparks the gravel-toned internal voice Dean has for the angel: I don’t have patience for your ridiculous human riddles.
Castiel’s wings stiffen in surprise, but he smiles at his companions and nods. “I am grateful to be able to celebrate my first human holiday with such a lovely group of people. I am grateful for my brother, Gabriel, and my best friend, Balthazar. And I am grateful to continue serving humanity and making people happy.”
He spends hours in the library now instead, reading up on the lore. Even if there is nothing on Amara, he can learn more about other things. He can occupy his mind. He can erase his consciousness of any thought of her and their weird bond. Ground himself.
“No,” Dean mumbles, clearing his throat when his voice comes out weak. “The color actually looks good. It's just that it suggests something softer, but you're…”
Castiel takes a deep breath. The movement expands in his jaw, muscles fluttering under Dean’s hand. He nods. “Of course, Dean.”
“So, do we start now?” he finally says. “I don’t go back to work until tomorrow, so I’ve got the rest of today.”
Castiel doesn’t look away from the clouds as he says the words. His expression is blank, eyebrows and lips slack. Dean snorts at the blunt nature of the retort. “Yeah, I bet.”
"Please, Cas. It's not instinct that makes you want to keep Hatchiette close. It's textbook learning! Just like it's textbook learning that makes you look like I'm juggling with a grenade when I don't maintain ideal handling position!" Castiel widened his eyes in surprise which had Dean scoff. "I'm not an idiot, Cas."
"Is Cas around?" Chuck actually seemed relieved to hear Dean ask.
The sounds of wings alerted him to a presence. Castiel knew who it was, but still he braced himself as he turned around. Naomi regarded him with a calculating look.
Dean was smiling like an idiot by the time he made it to his car. His phone pinged with a message and he found it to be from Sam.
John took the moment to speak, clearly picking up on whatever conversation Dean's arrival had interrupted:
Jack tensed, his chest feeling tight. Had they met Eliot, Stacy and Max on the way here? Did they know? And why did this make Jack feel so uncomfortable? He had fixed it! Stacy was alright!
"I think you were too brash about Sander's orchard," Castiel reprimanded him, keeping his voice even as he prepared Gabriel's sugary coffee. "It was much too conspicuous." Castiel placed the coffee down and then headed towards the door to the kitchen to prepare Gabriel's breakfast.
"You want to make my dad a dating profile?" Jack asked and licked the milkshake off his lips. "I don't think he'd like that."
"What kind of question is that? You hurt me, sweetheart," god Dean said, holding his hand over his heart, but when Cas turned away the god sent Dean a meaningful look and nodded his head towards the pie.
Dean and Cas reluctantly parted ways at the airport in Florida, both going back to their homes (or motel in Cas' case), but with firm plans to meet again in three days to help Cas with the move. Even when they had to go to their individual gates, Cas had no time to feel strangely sad and empty for more than five minutes because Dean called him right away. He claimed it was because he was terrified of flying (which Cas found hard to believe considering Dean travelled to frequently and he hadn't seemed nervous before) and therefore needed Cas to distract him.
"Trip to Chicago this weekend?" he texted Cas and swiftly received a thumbs up emoji in response. Okay then, Chicago it was. Dean would catch up, listening what they had to say and then politely decline. Working at Sandover was alright and Cas got that suspected job offer at the bank that Cas would probably accept. They were ready to make Dayton their home. No need to make it complicated now.
Benny poked his head in after Anna had left.
"I make no promises."
"You really shouldn't call your uncle that," Castiel admonished her automatically, the argument being old enough for it to be an almost performative part of their greeting ritual. Claire groaned, her typical drawn out, impatient, petulant groan, that she had perfected around the age of 8. Luckily, it was something Jack had never picked up from her. "I don't know… I have everything I need."
"This is… different than I expected."
"My family is already enamored. We all have great taste after all," he typed and Castiel sent him an emoji with floating hearts back. Now Dean had some typing to do.
"Why? Surely if he's responsible, there must be way to handle it. Prevent it from happening again," Dean called.
"Well…," Dean said, drawing out the word, but if he was going to say more, then Nora coming into the store cut him short.
"What can I say, I'm a fashion icon in role play and real life," he said, then he handed Dean the menu. The place was pretty clearly a burger joint, so Dean didn't have to look long to find something great to eat, mentally sending an apology to Cas that he was enjoying burgers without him. "So, Spears."
"They went out together for drinks, but I was tired from the journey. I had a bath and when I came back out of the bathroom, Asmodeus was just there. Grinning at me creepily. And I thought: shit, he is going to hurt me. But before I knew what was happening, I was seeing everything upside down." Her breath shuddered as she tried to calm herself enough to keep on talking. Dean squeezed her hands that were knotted into the cover. She sent him a grateful, watery smile. "Somehow, I was stuck to the ceiling. I couldn't speak, I couldn't scream. I couldn't even alert Sam when he came back. There suddenly was a fierce pain in my stomach and I felt blood fall. And… And Sam looked up, noticing the blood, but before he could do anything, Asmodeus grabbed him. And then everything was ablaze…" Jess' father stepped in now, putting his arms around his daughter.
Like a stone being dropped into a clear lake, Castiel startled when he felt the energy of one of the coven members burst across his awareness almost violently, destroying the calm expansion of his magic. His heart sunk with dread when he noticed Dean shudder when Cas was disturbed in his musings. He hadn't even meant to affect him! A frown marred the hunter's face, but before he could direct his gaze towards Cas, the door opened and his searching look had something to focus on.
"Oh, I see," Dean said, taking it all in with awe. There were so many things he didn't know about his own kingdom's magic culture.
"Hm, yes… A little bit sad about moving away from you," Cas said, then he reached out and pinched Jack's cheek playfully. Jack let him do it.
"I love you, Cas," Dean said, the words coming off his lips so easily. Castiel turned his head and smiled at him.
"What are your conditions?" John finally asked. Castiel didn't beat around the bush with it:
"Since we're officially married now," Dean started which had Cas look up from his letters.
"I'm waiting for a call," Dean said and to soothe Cas' irritated scowl he gently carded his fingers through Cas' hair that was still messy from a previous make out session. He watched Cas' expression change from irritated to guarded right away. "Sam's investigating a case some hours from here and I want to know he's fine."
Cas felt his stomach summersault the moment the heavy look was turned and the door slowly opened on its loud hinges. And then there was Dean’s face, a frown etched into his features, green eyes wary. Cas was overcome by emotion at seeing Dean again and he couldn’t quite find his voice to greet him. He watched Dean’s eyes widen, pulling the door open further so he could face Cas properly. He looked him up and down, his mouth open when he met Cas’ eyes.
Castiel tilted his head to the side and for a moment his eyes glowed a bright blue. Drought jumped up in bed, startled, trying to put some space between himself and Cas but only managing to get stuck in the blankets and tumble out of bed with a heavy thud.
"Raphael…," Castiel started slowly. Dean's eyes widened at once, causing Cas to falter.
"Are you alright?" Sam asked, his hand reaching out through the gap between Dean and Cas' seat, to clasp Cas' shoulder.
"Well yeah, me too," Dean said with a chuckle. Cas smiled at him, then he walked on. Dean watched him for a moment, falling back a step. He had meant to see if he was moving normally again, but inevitably his eyes got stuck on Cas' ass. Cas wore tight pants that made his ass look amazing.
As Castiel watched Mary depart, he must have asked himself if turning Mary away to follow the laws that bound him, had been the right thing to do. Was Castiel righteous? Where did he fall in this great balance between good and evil witches? But Castiel left that question unanswered, turning away and closing the gate behind himself. It was done. He had made his choice.
"I smuggled Dean out, under pretense of presenting him to a fairy circle for a blessing," he said and Castiel snorted in surprise. "Because as much as the king and queen were hoping for their reign to be one of no magical interference, they still wanted to profit off of it."
"Thank you," the grandfather said, his voice quivering with emotion.
"Of course. I'm just glad that whatever weird is happening there in Raurica, you’re at least keeping your head together enough to notice that something's off." Dean didn't want to argue about it, he wasn't even so sure anymore that Sam's worries were misplaced.
"It's a bit… measly, isn't it?" Luke said, looking around with his nose slightly wrinkled.
"Good," Jack said, then he turned back to his phone. That had been a surprise conversation but not necessarily a bad one.
Maybe, Jack decided, it was best not to talk to them about it. Nothing had happened after all. Sure, the three didn’t want to see him anymore, but that wasn’t his fault, not really, was it?
Dean looked up from his reading, as if a thought had just stuck him. He turned his eyes to look at Castiel and there was puzzlement in his expression for a moment, but then a smile spread on his lips.
"It is an important evening, we have much to discuss," Naomi said once Hannah was back.
"There will be a new contract? This isn't just a pardon?" Castiel asked and Naomi nodded. "So that means Michael is in favor of keeping in contact with Winchester?"
And yet…
"Maybe trouble in paradise with his partner," someone else contributed, in a sing-song voice.
"You're in a mood today," Sam observed and Dean lifted his eyes to glare at his brother. Sam looked like he was taking their vacation from the world potentially ending well. And while Dean was glad that Sam could catch a break – that
Castiel steeled himself and then went back to serve Dean. The hunter made some appreciative noises about the food and Castiel left him to it. He knew that Dean must have made the unfortunate decision to call Cas' Café his base while he was investigating. Cas felt no misplaced pride or pleasure about it. He knew that it wasn't the unassuming building or the location or even his "charming personality" (as Gabriel called it) that constituted the draw that pulled people through his café's door. The coffee was okay, the atmosphere in it did have some charm and while the produce Cas used was all locally sourced and put together with care, Cas knew that his café was simply alright. What made people visit and come back was the nature of his magic. It was easy to make people notice what they usually wouldn't notice, to make them want to linger, to invite them in, tempt them and ensnare them- Castiel tensed and nipped that thought in the bud. No, this wasn't what he was like. He didn't want to manipulate people, not beyond giving him some of their time and dollars with their patronage. He could read people, know what they desired, where their weaknesses lay and direct his magic there to nudge them into a certain direction. But he never did it to harm them. He could. It would be easy, natural, like breathing. But Castiel's heart had always balked at it, which got him into frequent trouble with the coven. It was also why he didn't worry too much about his safety around Dean.
“Thank you, Dean,” was all he managed to get out. He thought that maybe this was all that Dean had wanted to get out, but instead of them heading towards the car, Dean kept standing there in front of him.
"I'm not going to get my heart back," he said. Once the meaning registered, Dean felt his entire face heat up. He had no idea how to answer, but Cas seemed peaceful at least (or totally out of it from whatever Flagstaff had given him) and was quick to fall back asleep.
"Cheese, man. I can't believe it," Dean muttered against Cas' lips, but Cas decided to stop him from talking by kissing again. And Dean was on board with that.
"Mmm," Castiel muttered. He spread his wings slightly, aware that unless he manifested them, Dean couldn't properly feel or see them. But he preferred it this way. Manifested wings tended to get in the way of everything. And they would probably also get in the way of sex, if Dean was interested. Either Dean must have picked up on his thoughts or his mind went there on its own accord, but Dean's hand slipped down, brushing the top of Cas' waistband, one finger pushing underneath it.
"So what?" Rachel asked, "this is an easy problem to take care of. Put a hex bag into his car then and let's be done with it."
Castiel quickly got up from his chair and slipped behind the counter, busying himself with rearranging the pastry display.
“No, I’m an angel of the Lord,” Castiel informed him. Eliot stared, but apparently that had caught the interested of Max, who was approaching now.
“Heaven will be in touch,” she told him and then she disappeared with a flap of her wings.
"I've never asked," Castiel said and then he turned away from the fire to study Dean. "Do I want to know what Chuck is in your universe?" Dean winced at that and shook his head.
"Fuck you," Dean growled, but he snatched the letters out of Gabriel's hand and left the parlor.
Couldn't he run away now, just like his mother had done?
"You know what? I'll have Charlie do some of her hacking. Maybe financial records will reveal something. Just wrap it up and move on if she finds nothing," Sam suggested. Apparently, Dean hesitated for too long with his answers. "
"Yes, you are," he said fondly, receiving a wide, beaming grin in return.
Dean gasped, suddenly feeling normal again, almost breathless and cold, gasping against Cas' collar bone. He scrambled up, aware of his dick slipping out of Cas. He looked at Cas, seeing the fading glow of Grace in his eyes. When his eyes were normal again Cas breathed out slowly.
After what felt like an eternity, Castiel put the letter down.
Obviously, Dean was aware that he hoped for a repeat performance for selfish purposes. Sex with Cas had been a bit awkward at first, but it had actually felt really good. Really, really good. He wasn't sure if it was due to the Grace and whatever angelic bond was trying to form within him, but the orgasms had been amazing. Or maybe Dean just hadn't had sex in too long. In any case, he felt pretty good about it.
"Yupp. See you later!" Dean called after Cas, the door shutting with a soft click. He was still smiling for a while as he ate his soup, shaking his head. He really liked getting to know Cas. Sure, he was pretty surly and taciturn and somewhere there was a temper hidden underneath his calm exterior that flashed up every now and again. He seemed to be a good person and genuinely cared for Sam. How in the world, did this match with the stories he had heard? And with the banishment?
As it turned out, the god didn't even flinch when he was face to face with drawn guns. He did however narrow his eyes slightly at the angel blade that Castiel was holding by his side. Not threatening yet, but the warning was clear.
"I understand. Is there any evil ailing you that you need help with?" the god asked, following Dean's lead when he decided that he had seen enough of this dungeon for a long time. Maybe he could convince Sam to clean because he doubted he'd set foot in here for a long time. Dean pondered the god's question when they made their way into the kitchen. He wasn't sure why he was leading him here, but now that he was here a cup of coffee seemed like a good idea.
"What do you mean you don't have an alpha, Cas?!" Dean demanded, feeling heat rise to his face. Was that mortification? Anger? Alpha hormones getting the better of him? Who knew, but it certainly wasn't feeling all that great to have Cas glare at him with that kind of displeased frown.
"Bobby," Castiel said, walking up to what remained of the gate. The traveler lifted his hat in greeting, showing himself to in fact be Sir Robert Singer, steward to King John. In days past, Castiel would have approached Bobby with his arms lifted for one of his slightly awkward hugs. But Bobby knew that the ban circle didn't allow Castiel to step out. Technically he should have been confined to just the tower, but those weren't spells they could perform without the help of the court witch they were trying to lock away for one hundred years (or however long a witch's life lasted). It was peculiar seeing Castiel now and Bobby would be lying to himself if there wasn't an intense sense of shame taking residence in his chest. But he pushed it aside because he had important business to attend to.
"Yes," Castiel answered, seemingly confused. "I don't understand why you ask. Is that a customary part of human mating rituals?" Dean laughed at that then put his hand on Cas' neck, drawing him close for a kiss. Cas was still tense, but when Dean started kissing him, slowly moving against him, he relaxed. Dean let his hand roam, from Cas neck down to his shoulder, drawing him closer. He felt Cas hands press against him, but he still held himself stiffly. Dean let his hand glide down, over his shoulder, past his upper arm, until he could free Cas' arm.
They had made good progress once the sun was sending golden rays down on them at the close of the first day on the mountain. Dean had called the army to a stop as they waited for the report of the scouting team. Birds were flying, chasing prey and settling back into their nests on the cliffsides. It was cold here, with a sharp wind that rushed along the cliffs. There were still grassy pastures and trees this far up but a look ahead told Dean that they too would soon fall away, leaving nothing but sharp, weather-beaten rock. Dean couldn't help but feel uncomfortable on this mountain range. He would have preferred to walk around the Toes, even if it would have extended the entire campaign by months. But if the angels were really planning an invasion then they didn't have the time to waste.
"Oh! Nice to finally meet you face to face!"
"Yeah, Cas… It's no big deal… Sex is fun, right?" Cas nodded tentatively. "So no harm in doing it again until we're sure the bond forms properly." Dean watched Cas' eyes drop to Dean's lips after a moment.
"You're home early," Dean said to dispel the silence between them and to kick himself into normal behavior. He had nothing to hide after all.
"Don't mention it. Now… Where could Asmodeus have taken Sam?" Dean wondered. Castiel heaved a sigh, trying to think.
“Hello,” was all Castiel managed to say and he had to swallow against a lump in his throat that burned. Ah, he was crying again. Of course. But here Dean was, alive, beautiful in the summer sun. His hair was longer, he had a beard and dark circles under his eyes. But he was here and he was a sight for sore eyes. “Thank you for picking me up,” he said even though he wanted to tell him he loved him again. Dean shook his head, but he was still smiling and then Cas was pulled into a strong hug.
"You smell amazing," Dean said.
"Claire told me before… But did you ever say no? As an alpha?" Jack wondered. Dean leaned back in his chair, wondering just how he got into this situation, but he found that he was quickly shaking off the awkwardness about it.
"Good afternoon Ma'am. I'm Agent Martell. Can I ask you some questions pertaining to a break-in the FBI's currently investigating in the area?" Dean showed her his badge and while the woman seemed surprised to have an FBI agent on her doorsteps, she didn't look nervous at all.
"Oh," Castiel said and Dean rubbed his eyes. They were burning. God. He really was tired.
Dean looked genuinely surprised, but clearly it wasn't enough to prompt him to disrobe.
"Because I don't live in a two centuries old romance novel, Cas."
"Dude, don't thank me," Dean said with a frown but Castiel had a small smile on his lips. He did seem pleased though Dean wasn't sure why. To be honest, he was just glad that Cas had accepted his apology this easily.
"Let's just go home. I've had enough of this weird place," Dean decided.
"You're a sap," Dean managed to say, when Dean was in Cas' room the next time. Nothing much had changed, but there now were several pictures on the desk of Sam, Jack and Mary. And of course, in an antique frame and next to his bed was one of Dean. A beautiful picture of him, with a full, genuine smile.
"He researched supernatural creatures?" Castiel offered, his expression open and inviting. Dean hesitated, but then something in him retreated and he looked away. He closed the journal.
"It'd have to have a room for Jack. I want him to have a space to come home to," Cas decided. Dean nodded at once.
"You think Naomi Hawking is Naomi Adler…"
In the end, Dean was his boyfriend and he had known that his skills to adapt would be required a long time before he leant into their first kiss.
"That's great, at least people call you," Dean said with a humorless smile. Sam accepted the call and put the phone on the table between him and Dean. Then he crossed his arms on the table and leant forwards a bit. There was a warm smile on his face and Dean looked at the caller ID. Mom.
"Yes, we were very lucky to be brought together," Cas said with a snort. "And as you might be able to tell from his job, he has a lot of money. There's no need for him to pretend anything."
"Hm… looks like Beverly had a witch problem," Sam said after a while, "but this is from 25 years ago. Is the witch back?"
"Gross," Charlie sang, washing down her distaste about this part of the conversation with a big gulp of wine. Benny shot her a look, before turning his attention back to Dean.
"Hey, what's up!" she greeted and Dean suppressed a sigh.
"Yes… I understand that. Though for me it's enough if you clean up after yourself. Maybe do the grocery shopping if I work late and you're home," Dean suggested. "You're not my housekeeper after all."
Castiel knew that no matter how strongly the Wild would call for Dean, he would not answer, because he had entrusted Castiel with his heart. And Castiel would care for and cherish it for the rest of his life.
"Jack's on board," he announced and just like that their plans were made. Dean couldn't quite believe that Cas really wanted to meet his parents, less than two months after they got together. But Dean was happy and couldn't wait.
"Chat with the owners and delivering them a pie for tomorrow's breakfast," he said, then he handed the box to Cas. "He said to give you this." Castiel frowned but took the box. On the lid was a sticky note reading: "your pie sucks, consider this". He groaned, the irritation momentarily distracting him from his worry.
“You mean… Lucifer could be unleashed back on earth?”
"No. I dress myself," Castiel said slowly, sending a look over his shoulder at Dean, as if he was wondering why Dean wasn't able to dress himself without a servant's help. Thanks Charlie. Not that Dean cared what Castiel thought of him.
," Castiel told her. Dean observed the exchange even though he had no idea what was going on. Cas seemed to notice the confusion of the others and turned to Dean. "I'm telling her she's not supposed to be here."
"I know, Jack…," Cas said with a small smile.
"Yeah, the stupid dick sent me into the 13
“If you swear to be mine, I will,” Dean replied and before Castiel could reply he pressed his mouth to Castiel’s lips. It burned, too hot, too dry, pinpricks of pain breaking out over Dean’s skin where they touched, but he didn’t stop until Castiel breathed an “of course, Dean” into his mouth.
"Don't bother… What do you expect a mortal can do against me? Don't waste their lives this carelessly," Gabriel said and there was a sharp edge to his words. "Only a powerful witch could stop me." Gabriel made an exaggerated show of craning his neck and as if looking for someone. "Now where's your cute little lap dog? What was his name? Castiel?" Nobody could offer a reply, John and Mary looking at Gabriel gravely, Mary's face pale. "Castiel, now that's a witch who could deal out some damage, even I would be watching my back around that guy. But oooooh!" Gabriel shouted, making the people closest flinch at his sudden change of tone. "No luck! You banished the guy!" Nobody really paid the words much attention, but prince Dean looked up from where he was sitting in the lap of his nurse. He was worried, but not as much as he should be, because Dean had never been in any danger in his life. But he was curious and attentive and since this Gabriel person was new and interesting, he picked out right away that he was angry about what had happened to Castiel. Granted, Dean didn't know that Castiel was the one who had left the little mark of a blessing on his shoulder. He simply knew that Gabriel wasn't happy with his parents. John and Mary however, were too preoccupied to pick up on that or else they might have started negotiations. But neither of them had spared Castiel any thought since his banishment up until now. Gabriel must have noticed, as he scrunched up his nose and then dismissed it with a wave of his hand.
He must have spaced out for longer than he thought, because soon he found himself with a lapful of fabric and a grinning Claire and Jack standing in front of him.
"You have to understand that bringing someone back from death like that requires a great deal of effort and selflessness," she told him. "Most angels have the ability to heal with some effort, less effort if you are a Riet Zien. But even Riet Zien will not help the hopeless. However, every angel can do miracles if they are willing to risk a lot."
"No, thanks, babe. I feel live driving around a bit," he said. For a moment Cas thought about putting a bit more pressure behind his request for Dean to come with him, because something wasn't right, but in the end he straightened up and closed the door. He walked around the car to the driver's side. Dean rolled down the window.
"Fuck," Dean hissed, overwhelmed by guilt and anger and exhaustion. He knew exactly what he was doing, he knew exactly that withdrawing from his family and relationships wasn't going to fix anything at all about what was currently going wrong. He opened Cas' contact and dialed before he could shy away from it. Luckily, Cas was quick to pick up.
"Well they could have smote him," Uriel grumbled which Castiel rewarded with a small huff. Uriel groaned and drew another chair close to Castiel to drop down into it.
"Better not. Let's just get there and have a look at it."
"Really? What kind of advice?" Dean wanted to know.
"Of course not," Castiel answered, puzzled. "Angels often entrust their family in the care of others. There is no judgement." The human couple seemed relieved, the woman breathing deeply.
"I don't know yet. Enough."
Dean managed half a night before he stole out of the room and slipped into Castiel's. Cas lifted the blanket, feeling relief, and nothing else was said on it.
"Diplomacy was never my field," Dean hissed.
When Dean turned around to survey what was happening on his own side of the training field, he noticed that some of the angels were sitting on the benches, watching, while Victor was showing the angelic head laundry lady some moves. Dean didn't know her name, but he knew that she took mercy on them when it turned out that the people they'd assigned to do laundry were in over their heads.
"I can," Dean said shyly and his simple words took Castiel's breath away. "It took some pretty extensive begging, but I finally got Crowley to give me a high-profile case that came with a handsome reward. I have enough money now not to need to go on another case again, but I… I don’t know what I can contribute to this village, maybe there's no place for me here, but-"
"What?" Jack asked from the back, clearly interested in the conversation.
“Of what?” Jack wanted to know.
"I can't even make fun of you for that, because you're new to all of this," he muttered.
"Actually, I'm going to Florida," Cas corrected and Dean groaned at him. "Are you having second thoughts?"
“No, of course I won’t just let you go,” it said. “However. What I want most is the loudness to end. To fix what your Nephilim boy broke. So I took a page out of your book and made a deal.”
"Thank you," he said and he must have looked more haggard than he assumed because she laughed. It was a kind laugh however. "I assume you might get a couple of overwhelmed omega men…"
"I'm here too and I keep busy," Charlie said. "Maybe you should really learn some needlepoint," she teased.
Thank you so much for your many supportive comments on the first chapter! It kinda blew me away a bit, I'm not gonna lie! I tried to hurry up with the second chapter. I hope you like it too!
"Why do I have to be presentable?" Castiel grumbled, but let Dean take his hand to be led to breakfast.
Occupied as he was, Christmas passed in a blur, though Cas had a great time in Kansas and was amused to see Jack take an instant liking to Sam and Jess. Some strategic use of puppy eyes (both by Sam and by Jack) had secured Jack a trip to California during his spring break which Cas had to be fine with even if it meant not having Jack hang out with him in Chicago. He felt that ultimately this was one more step to tie the families together and confirm Cas’ place among the Winchesters. Because this was Cas’ family now and he loved them all (and yes, he got a bit too sappy with some cups of mulled wine warming his stomach and told them as much). It had been an all-around great time.
"What are you, a vampire? Do you need permission to enter this inn too?" Dean joked, which Castiel responded to with a frown. "Come on. You remember Bobby right? Bobby, Cas. Cas, Bobby."
. He couldn’t. He was going to tell Cas they weren’t really “mates” and be done with it, Dean told himself firmly.
“It’d been bugging me since last night but after Cas’s disappearing act this morning I think I finally figured it out. I mean, Cassie wouldn’t suddenly bring up angel courting if there wasn’t a reason and he didn’t seem to be
Dean doubled his efforts with his hand as well, pace matching the ferocity of his counterpart’s kisses. His impatience bled into his fantasy as Cas decided he had been wearing that last piece of clothing too long. He broke the kiss, lips trailing down Dean’s stomach until he reached the waistband of Dean’s boxers. Blue eyes flickering up to connect with Dean’s, he smirked at him teasingly before slowly pulling the fabric down, lavishing each new piece with his tongue, careful to avoid the one place Dean wanted his mouth most.
“Of course not, what I meant was it’s simply a symbol of commitment. Much like a house or buying a bed together. It is not a nest in the literal sense of the word, you will not be collecting twigs and leaves. A nest is simply a place you wish to lie with your partner, usually decorated in the feathers of you and your beloved, to signify your union,” Hannah explained.
“What? No Charlie, please I’m not asking you to do that,” Castiel hurried to decline her offer.
It wasn’t that Dean was ashamed of his sexuality. In fact, he’d accepted that part of himself years ago. It was fear that kept him quiet. Being a hunter was a very masculine trade and they weren’t exactly the most liberal sorts. His own father had been the worst. Dean still remembered clearly the first and only time he’d allowed his father to see that side of him. He’d been thirteen years old and found himself growing close to a local boy on a particularly long hunt. His father had caught them kissing behind their motel and he'd dragged Dean away roughly, grumbling that he’d raised Dean to be a soldier not some ‘sissy’. Despite the fact that his father had been dead for almost eight years now, Dean carried the weight of that encounter with him like a chain even to this day.
“I’m sorry if I startled you, Dean, I didn’t intend to worry you,” Castiel told him earnestly.
care about,” Dean insisted desperately.
He hastily added, “I mean, of course she’ll still be my Baby and yeah she’d be mine. But she can be yours as well, you can drive her whenever you want.”
“Um, you kinda have to follow me. I can’t exactly show you here,” Dean muttered a quick explanation, before continuing on his path. Castiel followed warily as Dean purposefully led them to his room. He hesitated briefly at the door before he firmly pulled it open. Dean turned to him after entering, noticing Cas hovering in the doorway. He gestured for Cas to come in, watching his face intensely the whole way, as Cas’s eyes easily fell upon the new addition to the room.
“What kind of token? Like flowers or something?” Dean asked curiously.
Cas frowned. “Such a case wouldn’t occur, angels are versed in the ways of courtship since creation.”
But the moment the back of Dean’s knees hit the edge of their nest,
“Woah, uh yeah I can see why Dean prefers the Impala. Flying is
The bunker was unusually quiet when Dean woke, he glanced at his clock to note that it was almost noon. He really needed to force himself back into the hunter sleeping schedule now that his 2 month hiatus was over. Sleeping in was becoming a bad habit of his and it didn’t help that Sam kept letting him.
“Your wings are amazing, Cas, don’t be stupid,” he couldn’t stop himself from arguing. Cas finally looked up at him in shock and this time Dean
Castiel snapped his head to stare at Dean, eyes wide, before common sense forced his gaze back to the road. Dean looked slightly flustered and his flush appeared to be from more than intoxication.
“Look Dean,” Sam tried again, “I know this is overwhelming. I mean, two days ago your best friend almost died
After four hours of constant driving, Dean finally admitted to himself that he had no goddamn idea where to even
Dean was clearly disappointed by Cas’s silence, “I’ll try again, okay? I know I can do better n-”
. Cas would rather risk his own health than be anywhere near Dean right now. If Cas got sick again because of the distance between them it would be all Dean’s fault.
“But Dean’s right next to him. He’s even touching him, shouldn’t that be enough?” Sam claimed, but Hannah shook her head remorsefully.
********
chance to get to know each other and that simply can’t do. Like I want us to become besties before either of us die again, okay?”
He realised quickly the source as he examined the bond’s now open link. These feelings were coming from Dean. But they weren’t just emotions, like he’d previously experienced, this time he could sense every sensation the human was feeling. Castiel held back another groan as the onslaught of arousal and pleasure continued.
Dean was silent as Cas studied him curiously, trying not to let too many of his emotions spill into the bond. His attempts were futile, however, since he didn’t even know how the bond worked in the first place. Dean knew they were staring at each other again but he couldn’t draw his eyes away, ‘eye sex’ complaints be damned.
“Um, yeah. I may have left out the part where Gabe helped me come up with the plan,” Sam admitted guiltily.
Castiel felt his face fall, failing to recompose himself before Charlie noticed the reaction.
Dean was quickly becoming frustrated because Sam’s rambling wasn’t giving him any clues as to what he had planned and he really wasn’t in the mood to guess.
“Heaven’s most rebellious angel taking on a protégée. I guess you should feel honoured,” Charlie teased, ignoring her fork and picking up a strip of bacon with her fingers, “mmm god, I missed bacon.”
me to do anything,” Dean insisted, reaching to pull the angel into a reassuring kiss. He didn’t care that they weren’t alone, he didn’t even care that his
Sam glanced at the two girls, now occupying the couch. Hannah appeared to have passed out on Charlie’s shoulder, which didn’t seem to bother Charlie one bit. She looked down at the angel warmly. Well since she appeared to have the whole “watching over Hannah” thing covered he shouldn’t feel guilty heading to bed, Sam decided. He gave a quick goodnight to Charlie before he left, who whispered her own reply and promised they’d catch up in the morning. Overall it had been a slightly anticlimactic reunion with Charlie, but Sam was glad he’d waited anyway.
“What the hell happened?” Charlie demanded, glancing between the two brothers frantically.
the impala home. He’s still recovering,” Sam murmured in concern. Instead he watched Dean throw Castiel the keys, feeling slightly betrayed.
Sam froze, raising an eyebrow at the smaller man.
Thanks to everyone who read this fic and a special thanks to those of you who left kudos, commented or subscribed! I really appreciate your support :)
orders rather than take them was rare in itself. It would be even more difficult to find someone just as worthy of making such important decisions.
Dean shoved Sam’s shoulder waking his brother roughly.
“Gabriel told me the bond is the same as getting married to angels…” Dean began to explain before his own words made him realise the truth, “
“Are you certain this is what you want? I can give you more time to decide if that’s what you need,” Hannah offered the redhead sincerely. She truly hoped that Charlie would still say yes, but she also wanted the human to be entirely sure of her decision. There was no going back after this, she needed to make sure the girl didn’t harbour any doubts.
fault. He was going to kill Gabriel next time he saw that bastard!
“It’s perfect, Cas. Sure, okay, why not? Let’s do it. Let’s get married,” Dean chuckled.
“I’m not laughing,” she promised, “angel courting isn’t very different from the way humans do.”
Hannah didn’t seem convinced at all, “I think you should rest. The circles under your eyes have grown considerably darker, I believe you are extremely sleep deprived,” Hannah informed him worriedly.
“Ugh why do you have to be such, well, an
Castiel knew he didn’t have the most desirable wings but Dean’s reaction had still disappointed him. After his kind words the other day, Castiel had even fooled himself into thinking Dean might actually like his wings. He realised now that was silly of him.
that’s lasted longer than this!” Gabriel whined, “come on, it’s just getting good. There’s
“That’s excellent news. I should have noticed the condition of your wings earlier, Hannah. It is good to see them fully healed,” Cas congratulated them.
Dean felt like a total dick, he really needed to ask Hannah more about angel traditions so he didn’t accidentally hurt Cas anymore.
Thankfully Cas decided to end the silence himself.
was trying to get through succeeded. This bunker was supposed to be the safest place on the planet, what could possibly be powerful enough to open a portal
,” came a sigh from behind them. Dean and Cas startled, pulling away from each other slightly but Dean didn’t move far as he realised he was wrapped in Cas’s wings again.
, let’s go to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Orlando. I’ve always wanted to go there!” Charlie squealed excitedly.
Charlie joined Hannah in the back, momentarily panicking at the lack of seatbelts. Goddammit Dean, if I die in a car crash just because you wanted your boyfriend to drive I’m gonna be so pissed, Charlie mentally grumbled. Hannah also seemed concerned by the lack of seatbelts, fumbling around the seat looking confused.
“Is this about your soul again?” Hannah asked wearily.
Her eyes were instantly drawn to the handprint on his arm.
marriage. That means he probably won’t expect anything romantic at all.”
“Sean,” Sean replied smoothly, raking his eyes over Dean appreciatively. Dean took that as permission to do some ogling of his own.
“That’s not how a soul works, Dean. Do you feel regret for those actions? Do you feel guilt for the pain you have caused?” Hannah replied coolly.
********
“I know, but why does it have to be you?” Dean objected, knowing that he sounded like a whining child.
“Jesus Christ!” Sam gasped, almost jumping out of his skin.
“You,” Castiel said without hesitation, “I need you.”
“About that,” Dean interrupted warily, “you kind of
“Well Dean’s your boyfriend now, right? Can’t you just ask him nicely for a bit of a soul power up too?”
Gabriel chuckled, “Definitely a compliment.”
“Of course I came, I’ll always come for you,” Castiel told him firmly. Dean smiled softly at him and Castiel’s heart swelled. But his relief was short lived as Dean’s head became slack in his hands and he realised Dean continued to bleed out. Castiel could see from the soft glow of Dean’s soul that he was barely hanging on. Castiel needed to heal him, but his grace was much too weak. He was fighting just to keep his vessel conscious, healing Dean in this state would be impossible.
“Can we please just go home already? I don’t want to spend the entire night stuck in this bar,” Sam complained but Gabe immediately shushed him.
“Helped? It was
Dean knew he was being unreasonable, that everything Cas was saying made sense, but that didn’t make him feel any better. In fact, it just made him madder. Before he knew it Dean found himself doing what he did best: hiding his true feelings with anger.
Dean helped Hannah all the way to the impala, obviously the more sober of the two. Hannah seemed shocked by her own body’s instability, looking adorably confused. Adorably? God keep it in your pants, girl, she’s basically on a date with your brother, Charlie chastised herself.
“What aren’t you telling me?” Castiel accused before squinting at Dean with a tilt of his head. Castiel sensed resignation and then trepidation coming from Dean as he fidgeted under Castiel’s gaze.
“You’re
“Oh god, we don’t have to live in it do we?” Dean groaned. Hannah tried not to giggle at the thought.
Hannah stared at Sam accusingly, “Are you saying Castiel and I have been trying to make contact with Gabriel all morning, yet you’ve been cavorting with him the
“I was
“I’m so sorry, Hannah,” Charlie responded solemnly. She then visibly tried to appear light-hearted.
“Jesus Sam, do you even know what you’re suggesting? If you’re right then I
Castiel’s blush quickly returned, “Apologies, my wings usually pass through humans unnoticed. But it appears the bond allows you to perceive them both visually
“If you want I can cook us something a little more complicated for dinner. You can just fly us to the grocery store and I’ll figure out what you like,” Charlie offered eagerly.
Castiel almost laughed outright, which was another testament to how human he was becoming. The old Castiel never laughed at
“Gabriel…
“Dean,” Cas said softly.
“Hey I was going to Heaven eventually anyway, at least now it’s by my own choice. Plus I get a sweet gig with a cute boss, it’s win-win,” Charlie winked at Hannah. Hannah didn’t seem to react to the flirting outwardly, but Sam caught Charlie eyeing the space behind the angel where he assumed her wings would be.
“I said it was ‘quite a process’, what made you dummies think it would be finished in
Hannah almost rolled her eyes, “Your ‘harmless fun’ almost got both Castiel and Dean Winchester killed.”
now. Getting off to thoughts of your husband was completely understandable, it told him firmly, healthy even.
Dean knew what that sounded like but he refused to believe it unless Gabriel said so outright.
“Cassie’s dying?” Gabriel asked, his scowl replaced with a worried look.
********
“Look, I’m not even sure myself how I feel about you. But I do know that I’ve really missed you. I missed your terrible jokes, I missed your arrogant, smart-alec attitude and I even missed your stupid nicknames. I thought about you almost every day that you were gone and it’s driving me crazy. I don’t know if I like you romantically or not, but I think it’s worth a shot,” Sam admitted.
Once again Castiel wasn’t even listening to the lower ranked angel. He’d returned to Heaven to get his mind off Dean, but he just couldn’t concentrate on anything else. Yet even distracted, Castiel could see the other angels were getting antsy. They craved guidance and he just wasn’t in any state to provide them with the leadership they obviously needed. He sensed a mutiny was dangerously close, yet he still could not tear his thoughts from his personal affairs. They needed a dedicated leader, they needed Hannah.
Usually Castiel would ignore the feeling, knowing his friend would appreciate the privacy. But this time he wasn’t able to shut it out. Whether the bond had intensified his ability to sense Dean’s longing or the longing was for some reason stronger this time, he wasn’t sure. But it was almost all encompassing now, pressing at him constantly, as if trying to physically drag him towards Dean. It took every piece of self-control Castiel had not to give in and fly straight to the bunker.
There was a slight pause before Dean said, “You want her?”
“Because Hannah’s about as subtle as an elephant and I’m not a complete idiot. Is this why you’ve been pestering Cas about him? I thought he was avoiding the bunker because he knew I was pissed at him, I didn’t know you two had a fricking
The second thing he became aware of was an almost overwhelming tirade of emotions churning around inside his mind. He could tell almost instantly that they didn’t belong to him. It was like feeling them through a veil, he had no connection to these emotions, yet he experienced them as intensely as if they were his own. He struggled to name them all as he sorted through the mess in his mind. Many he was familiar with such as worry, fear, hope, regret, anticipation and, most familiarly, longing. There were also several he hadn’t even come across before.
“Look Hannah, whether they like it or not the angels have fallen. Which means they’re going to have to deal with being around humans a lot now. It’s time they stopped looking down on us and started looking at us as equals. Or at least allies. I mean, we all gotta put up with each other on this earth, might as well help each other out,” Dean explained firmly.
“You’d really trust your
“It sounds like you need another drink. Don’t worry, I’ll order something sweeter this time,” Dean promised earnestly.
He realised Dean must be asleep because his emotions were fuzzy and unfocussed, drifting by so breifly he almost couldn’t identify them. The clearest emotion he felt was fear, with grief and remorse as a close second. He frowned, wishing he could will away the negative emotions with a thought.
to have you, Dean!”
“I hope he’s not planning on getting Cas to fly all of them
Castiel blinked perplexed. He had heard whispers many centuries ago about such a notion, but he had always thought it was simply rumours. The concept had seemed too ridiculous, an angel binding their grace to the soul of a human, absurd even.
Castiel had wished to avoid this situation entirely, the last thing he wanted to do was become a burden. The Winchester brothers had enough to deal with without throwing his problems into the mix.
********
“Let’s just say the Men of Letters’ obsession with angel wings actually turned out to be useful for something,” Dean smirked.
It was then that Castiel remembered their last encounter. His good mood quickly darkened.
“No thank you, I vowed to take care of this vessel. The consumption of alcohol is unnecessary and detrimental to the human body,” Hannah declined. Dean rolled his eyes and scanned the menu himself.
to waste on me,” Dean lashed out before grabbing his keys and instead choosing to leave himself, “I’d say don’t bother calling but you never do, do you?”
“You rang?” Gabriel was suddenly sitting on the arm of his chair, smirking at him playfully.
“Finally, I was beginning to suspect you were not home,” she replied irritably, stepping inside the door while effortlessly supporting Cas’s weight as if he weighed nothing. Cas’s wings drooped sadly behind him, looking frail but not as devastated as they had been when Dean first saw them. Dark circles framed Cas’s eyes and he looked alarmingly pale.
“Gabe,” Sam warned exasperatedly.
“Don’t try to bullshit a bullshitter, Cas. I’ve been a professional liar practically my whole life. Now tell me what’s really going on?” Charlie instructed him.
“Come on Sam, it’s so boring in here. What do you expect me to do all day?” Dean groaned in frustration, settling in the seat beside Sam.
Gabriel stared at him dumbfounded. “You what?”
“That’s a shame. I guess I’ll leave you and Clarissa alone for a few hours, have a nice
“I shouldn’t have said that. I know you were only doing what needed to be done. I shouldn’t have blown up like that. I just…” Dean paused, scrabbling for words, “I mean, we hadn’t seen each other in
Sam rolled his eyes, “You can quit it with the nicknames. I can tell you’re running out.”
“Shit! That reminds me,” Dean proclaimed, “how long do you think it’ll be til he wakes up? And do you think he’ll be okay if I leave his side for a while?” Hannah placed a gentle hand on Cas’s forehead.
Dean liked to think he was different than all those other sleazy dudes who regularly picked up chicks at bars. He treated it like an art form, making sure his advances were not only wanted but respectful. Because Dean really did respect the hell out of any woman who was brave enough to go home with a stranger, especially from a shady bar in the middle of nowhere. So he always tried his best to do anything he could do to ease their worries.
“Hey, don’t try to lump us in with you! Hannah and I were just dragged into this mess. You and Gabriel were the true creators of this stupid prank,” Charlie protested, “I’m really sorry, Dean.”
Sam gave him a bitchface, expressing his continued disapproval.
that had been bound after all, not his body. And Cas was going to live forever. Would his soul be forced to follow Cas around for eternity, like a literal ball and chain? Dean felt like he was going to be sick.
The two were so caught up in their interaction that they hadn’t even noticed his arrival. Dean gaped at Hannah, stunned by overwhelming gratitude, as if she’d offered him the last piece of pie on earth. Relief, happiness, acceptance, admiration, fondness and, most of all, hope also flooded through the bond. Castiel knew he should leave but, just as the thought occurred to him, Dean suddenly pulled Hannah into an embrace making moving seem impossible to him now. He found he couldn’t tear his eyes away from the scene before him, vision too clouded by dismay to notice Hannah’s discomfort towards the action.
truly trust him after all he’d put him through. It didn’t matter that most of what he’d done was in order to protect him and to prevent him from unnecessary pain. No, the fact of the matter was he’d toyed with Sam’s emotions too many times to forgive. The knowledge hurt the archangel and his gaze turned steely, his typical carefree nature disappearing.
“Gee thanks for the offer, but I’ll still pass,” Dean declined firmly.
Cas had lit a fire in him like he’d never felt before. God, now he was sounding like a damn chick!
Every fibre of his being told him this was a bad idea but as he looked at the rise and fall of Cas’s chest, barely even perceptible anymore, he knew they had no other choice.
not ready for this conversation. He’d been clinging to the hope that angel marriages were platonic. There’s no way he could stay neutral towards their marriage and ignore it if Cas expected them to actually act like a couple. He couldn’t do that to Cas. Cas needed to find someone better. It would be selfish of Dean to accept the perks of their fake marriage when Cas deserved so much more. Dean obviously couldn’t avoid it anymore, he had to set Cas straight about this whole marriage thing. God, he might as well kiss their friendship goodbye right now.
decide to grace Sam with his presence, it almost always ended in an argument usually started by Sam asking him if he was okay. Sam hadn’t seen Dean this depressed since Lisa and Ben got mind-wiped.
“What do we need for the spell?”
They were quiet for a while after that. Gabriel’s update was obviously over but he didn’t make any moves to disappear. In fact, they sat together in a comfortable silence, Sam click-clacking away on his laptop while Gabriel munched on a seemingly endless supply of sweets. Hell knowing him it probably
“It’s none of your fucking business what or
the person.
A sudden singing cut him off.
, it’s a lot to take in.”
Unsurprisingly, instead of taking Cas’s advice, Dean and Hannah spent less than a minute glancing at each other awkwardly before excusing themselves from the room as well.
of details?” Dean growled uneasily.
I'd like to add that the following chapter was initially supposed to be the last chapter, with the following being an epilogue, but it's turned out so long I had to cut it in two.
. Standing purposefully, Gabriel made his tanning bed and mojito disappear with the snap of his fingers before flying to the bunker. The bunker was surprisingly empty, save for the younger hunter who was perched irritably at a table in the library. Although his eyes were focused on the laptop in front of him, his thoughts were clearly elsewhere. He didn’t seem to notice Gabriel’s arrival so the archangel took the opportunity to school his expression into what he hoped would pass for his usual smirk.
********
Dean’s heart began to pound eagerly at the news, but he couldn’t let himself hope just yet.
“Dean,” he murmured, promptly startled by the sound of his own gravelly voice. Had he said that aloud?
a bunch of drama before the couple gets their happily ever after, it’ll all work out. Trust me.”
know how he feels, I felt it myself. The bond wouldn’t lie,” Castiel argued.
“Thank you, Dean, you may have just helped me solve one of Heaven’s current greatest issues!” Hannah replied, eyes wide and enlightened. Dean had no idea what she was talking about but accepted the thanks with a confused nod anyway.
“But I thought he got his mojo back,” Dean insisted, thinking back to the night he’d been cured of being a demon. Now that he thought about it though, Cas had never actually explained what had happened. He chastised himself now for not pressing for more information. He should have made sure Cas was really healed, it didn’t matter that he’d had his own issues to deal with at the time.
“Thank you so much, Hannah. I’ll make it up to you, I swear,” Sam guaranteed her.
********
That’s where Castiel found the younger Winchester, curled up on one of the large armchairs furnishing the room. He didn’t appear to notice Castiel’s arrival, too caught up in the book he was reading.
“Well if you’d let me
“What theory?” Sam asked relieved that the long silence was over.
angels watching over me,” Dean chuckled, his hand sliding casually over Castiel’s shoulder to the empty space behind him.
Sam jumped, eyes flicking up from the page, before relaxing as he caught sight of Castiel.
His soul was pure? Not just pure but “the brightest Cas had ever seen”? That had to be a mistake, he was poison. His soul had to be black and broken, didn’t it?
Although, Castiel noticed, his wings seemed to be gaining strength with each moment that passed. Dean’s soul was steadily healing his vessel at an astonishing rate. In fact, Castiel began to wonder if his powers would be restored completely, disregarding the effects of the fall. Perhaps soon, he’d be able to fly once more. The thought excited him and he unconsciously shifted his wings restlessly.
“Yeah right, Dean and Cas were both out of the bunker before that. You really expect me to believe you just decided to stop spying on them mid-surveillance because your
“What is it?” Castiel asked, his voice already laced with dread.
“You truly think so, Dean? I’ve been told many consider the colour of my wings… off putting,” Cas looked so uncertain when he looked at Dean then, as if he actually believed Dean might just be humouring him. Dean was determined to wash that horrible look off Cas’s face, he never wanted Cas to look so vulnerable again.
“We have many things to discuss, Hannah. I will update you of the situation on the way,” Cas informed her, flashing a comforting smile. He then stretched a wing out to brush against one of hers in a more subtle display than earlier. Dean tried not to scowl again, he knew Cas was just reassuring her like he’d said. It’s not like Cas would ever cheat on him.
Dean leapt from his seat as Cas began to stir, rushing to his side instantly. Then Dean hesitated, unsure of how to proceed, as he hovered over the angel anxiously. His first instinct was to cradle Cas’s face, gently comfort him through his awakening, as he’d done not so long ago in April’s apartment. But now the action felt way too intimate, a painful reminder of how the bond would change things between them. He didn’t dare touch the other man knowing Cas would recoil, look at him in disgust once he realised what Dean had done. Dean tried not to notice how much the idea of Cas rejecting him made his heart twinge.
“So I take it things didn’t go well with Cas?” Sam ventured after a few moments of silence passed.
Dean scowled at him. Okay, joking about the situation, probably not the best idea.
?” Dean complained, “Out of all the people Cas could have fallen for, he just
“I apologize if I disturbed you,” Castiel said carefully. Dean blinked, eyes adjusting, before glancing towards the figure in front of him. Relief flooded through Castiel that wasn’t his own and he noticed Dean relax considerably. The lingering emotions from the dream faded, leaving only a residing ache in its place.
was to get Dean and Cas together, not to make Dean miserable. This plan's a bust, Cas isn’t even in the bunker anymore,” Sam sighed.
” Gabe stated sarcastically. Yet despite his sarcastic tone, Sam noticed that he didn’t actually fly them until Sam consented. It suddenly reminded him of the salad Gabe had conjured earlier that night as well. Huh. Maybe Gabe actually
“Dean.”
Gabriel followed Sam curiously as he carried the pile of books back to the library.
“Don’t worry, baby, you don’t have to choose just one. We’ve got plenty of time for both if that’s what you want. But I’ll save you the trouble this time and decide which comes first.”
“Wake up, Sam, we have a problem,” Dean grumbled as Sam’s head snapped up, blinking blearily.
Castiel had never felt more confused. Just when he thought he was finally beginning to understand humans, Dean’s erratic behaviour had to prove him wrong. It just didn’t make any sense. Why had Dean snapped at him like that? His actions suggested that he was angry at Castiel, but his emotions were telling a completely different story. Even as Dean instructed him to leave, his emotions had screamed at Castiel to stay.
. Many of them grew “inappropriately attached” to their charges. Which, of course, led to the age of Nephilim. Quite an embarrassing mistake for my dear brother, as you can imagine. Michael had the program extinguished and all angels involved were eliminated. He destroyed any evidence that he’d ever been involved,” Gabriel explained coolly.
Castiel placed Dean on his bed gently, removing his shoes so that he wouldn’t be uncomfortable. But as he made to leave the room, Dean grabbed his arm in protest.
But Castiel refused to break up Hannah’s relationship with Dean, even if he could convince himself it would be for the wellbeing of Heaven. He would still know deep down that it was a selfish action on his part. Perhaps he could find another angel within Heaven who could fill her position. Although an angel who wanted to
“Believe it or not, I don’t watch them twenty-four seven. In fact, I was already in the middle of taking an extended break before Dean-o decided to leave that morning,” Gabriel told him honestly. What he
Dean’s cries turned to whimpers as he leaned into Castiel’s touch and he found himself cradling Dean’s head against his chest. In any other circumstance he would have rejoiced at the tender contact, but in that moment Castiel’s focus lay entirely in his task.
“Oh yeah, there might have been some small details I forgot to mention about the bond,” Gabriel teased.
“Your soul is what you would expect from the righteous man. It shines with your love for your brother, your compassion for others and your need to help those who cannot help themselves,” Hannah deadpanned.
“Gabriel has been in hiding for many millennia. His wings have been cloaked from not only other angels but, to maintain his alter ego as Loki, even gods. It’s unsurprising you were not able to see them, Dean,” Cas explained thoughtfully.
“Of course, it’s killing him. No angel can survive another angel’s grace, it’d be like shoving someone else’s soul into your body. The body will reject it,” Gabriel looked exasperated, as if he felt this shouldn’t have to be explained.
********
Dean’s uncertainty was making him uncharacteristically nervous and he found himself hesitating to make the first move. Thankfully, Sean leaned in to kiss him first and Dean was relieved to find the other man had taken the role of leading. It would make it so much easier to let go if he wasn’t the one in control. Sean was a good kisser and Dean found it easy to lose himself in the act.
for him, enough to want to marry him.
husband, but instead he found himself wavering at the words. Healthy, exactly. It’s not like he’d be accepting the marriage if he did this, Dean convinced himself, it would just be a healthy way to let off some steam after a really frustrating sex dream.
Charlie grinned at her, “Oh come on. It was just a little bit of fun. No harm done, right?”
Groggily Dean opened his eyes to find himself kneeling beside his bed, rather than laying on it like he expected. His room was dark and he was surprised to find he wasn’t sore from sleeping in that position at all. In fact, he felt better than he had in months. Stumbling to his feet he crawled onto his bed, intending to sleep for a few more hours. His plans were abruptly forgotten, however, when his hand landed on something large and bony that was
Castiel nodded, “Yes, I imagine performing the bonding ritual was quite distressing for him.”
“I was just suggesting to Hannah that she should stay here at the bunker while we locate Gabriel. There is plenty of lore here that we could benefit from in our search. I am certain Heaven has no immediate concerns that our subordinates couldn’t handle in our absence. Don’t you agree?” Castiel explained, grinning at Dean expectantly.
“I’ve decided we’re going to spend the day together!” she announced enthusiastically, “While you were dying I realised we barely had
Sam found himself shocked at the random gesture. The quill was stunning, probably the most elegant looking thing he’d ever seen. It was like something out of a Harry Potter movie, he half expected Gabriel to tell him it was a Phoenix feather or something equally astonishing. He was moved by Gabriel’s admission even more so. The archangel rarely did anything generous for nothing in return. The entire situation had Sam at a complete loss.
He was
might have enough juice to save him?”
Crowley sighed exasperatedly but didn’t seem surprised.
Dean was agonizingly slow and thorough as he spread the oil throughout Castiel’s feathers. His dick throbbed unbearably, his boxers long ruined with the liquid dribbling from the head. Castiel wasn’t sure how much longer he could take this teasing.
“I suppose it would make sense,” Castiel added, “I’m surprised the idea never occurred to me before honestly.”
Dean was too shocked to say anything, but the others didn’t seem to share his concern.
If anyone was wondering, the bond scene was a whole lot more intense for Charlie and Hannah because they were both conscious when it happened. That's why they were able to sense eachother's thoughts but Dean and Cas couldn't. Imagine how much time it would have been saved if Cas hadn't been unconscious when Dean and him bonded. This entire fic would have been moot. But where would be the fun in that? xD
Once again, sorry for the wait. I work five days a week and usually find myself sleeping through my days off. But hopefully this chapter makes up for it!
Dean cringed at Castiel’s choice of words and the angel was certain then that the man was hiding something.
His question surprised her, from what she knew of him Dean Winchester was an expert at courting.
Dean gave a loud sigh before roughly replying, “He woke up.”
“We should probably let her know you’re awake,” Dean admitted reluctantly, “She’s been checking on you almost every hour since dropping you here.”
“We’re gonna fly home now,
… I love you, Cas.”
that’s what I’m trying to tell you,” Gabriel pouted but it quickly broke into a mischievous smile, “I think Cassie believes Dean has the hots for
sure of one thing. He couldn’t let the archangel disappear from his life again. Not until he figured his feelings out.
Castiel hurried to interrupt him, “I apologise for my actions, Dean. I merely overreacted, please forgive my outburst.”
Despite his anxiety at seeing Dean again, Castiel found himself eager to return. Not only had he missed Dean’s soothing presence, but the pain at their separation had been far worse than it had last time. However, as Castiel appeared in the bunker’s war room, he did not get the relief he was expecting. In fact, his grace flared agonizingly and he knew right away something wasn’t right
Well that put his wing privacy theory down the drain, Cas didn’t seem to be embarrassed about describing his wings, a little insecure maybe, but not as if he was disclosing intimate knowledge.
man, I just need some fresh air. And I haven’t touched Baby in two whole months. You haven’t let me go to any bars either, so I can’t even get laid. This is cruel and unusual punishment,” Dean complained, giving him a childish pout.
was with him. What the hell was she doing here? He gaped at the two as they made their way to Dean’s table.
Dean’s pre-shower calm vanished in a flash as a large red mark on his left shoulder caught his eye in the mirror. For one horrible moment he thought the Mark of Cain wasn’t cured after all, that it had just moved. But once he managed a better look he instantly recognised the mark for what it really was.
From the look on Cas’s face, Dean knew he must have felt his hurt and disappointment through the bond, but Dean found he didn’t even care. For some stupid reason Dean had thought this ‘marriage’ would mean Cas would actually stay a little longer for
Dean scowled, “You tricked me.”
“This isn’t a movie, Gabriel!” Sam snapped, his tone coming out unintentionally harsh as his guilt darkened his temper. But his guilt only worsened as he saw the crushed look that flickered across Gabriel’s face before the archangel’s face turned stony.
Hannah appeared to hesitate before she continued, “Have you thought about what I asked you this morning?”
when it came to ganking them? Big deal. It wasn’t the mark, he’d assured his brother. But Sam just wouldn’t believe him. Hence the most boring two months of his life. God, he just needed to hunt something.
His stomach, however, had other ideas. Dean tried not to look too embarrassed as they were interrupted by its growling. Now that he thought about it, he hadn’t actually eaten much yesterday. He’d been way too distracted building their nest (man that still felt weird to say even in his head) to think about food.
“Are you boys familiar with the concept of a Bond?” Gabriel asked with a smirk.
He blinked the blurriness from his vision as he tried to take stock of his surroundings. He was in some kind of warehouse or abandoned factory, the smell of rotting wood surrounded him. The building was obviously very old, the lights barely worked and hardly illuminated the two figures sitting in front of him.
“What? But I thought Cas was healed already!” Sam insisted.
need grooming. Perhaps it couldn’t hurt to agree, just this once…
Castiel gaped at him, completely unable to form even a coherent thought after hearing his confession.
He paused, looking uncertain, “…it is, right? I mean, you’re not still upset? I know we didn’t get to finish our…um, talk.”
Cas’s words from weeks ago suddenly rang through his mind.
slightly at whatever Dean had just said.
“Sorry to disappoint you, but it’s just little ol’ me,” Charlie beamed at him from an armchair beside the couch. She cradled a book in her lap as she stared down at him pleasantly.
“There!” Sam declared proudly as the screen finally loaded, however his face fell as he took stock of the location, “Oh no.”
. Come on Sammy, I’m going insane stuck in here. I need to get my hands dirty,” Dean complained, becoming even more restless at the concept of not finding a hunt.
“It’s an expression, look just never mind. I just wanted you to tell me… what my soul looks like,” Dean murmured uncertainly. He avoided her eyes, not wanting to see the disgust that was no doubt on her face.
Thank you all so much for being patient, I know almost four months is a seriously long time to wait for an update. I have officially finished my university term and should expect my final results by the end of the week for any of you that were curious.
“Dean?” Castiel called out anxiously, all plans of avoiding Dean instantly gone.
“It appears Cassie got himself a little gal pal to share all his boy troubles with. I’m surprised they didn’t start painting their nails and braiding each other’s hair,” Gabe snorted.
“Oh my god
Hannah thought that concept sounded like the very definition of ‘bad’, but before she could ask if the girl was okay her thoughts became overwhelmed. Her grace was screaming at her to join the girl’s soul, it thrashed violently inside her vessel trying desperately but powerless to free itself.
********
But he knew Dean could never return his feelings. After all, Castiel had just been in the middle of preparing him to court
pocket?”
“We know you are capable of continuing your duties, Cassie,” Gabriel finally says. “What we want to know is how you feel. Not as Dean’s cupid, but as yourself”
Nodding, Castiel grabs an extra grocery bag from under his sink. He gently opens it, searching the plastic for holes. He bites the inside of his cheek, trying to banish all sexual thoughts of Dean from his mind. He just met the man, and while the tension was clear before them, Castiel had never been the forward type.
Castiel holds out his hand for Ash to shake, sure that this is a common gesture when humans are first introduced to each other. Instead of taking his hand, the man holds out a fist. Castiel stares at Ash’s hand, eyebrows furrowed. He then looks to his charge, who rolls his eyes. “Bump his fist with your own.”
Cas kisses Dean as he unbuttons the human’s jeans, stroking over Dean’s erection through his soft cotton boxers. He chuckles when Dean fumbles with the knot at the front of his sweatpants before undoing it himself. Pulling aside everything that separates them, Cas takes both of them in hand. The fallen angel nuzzles a soft spot under Dean’s ear, nipping and kissing it as he covers both of their dicks in a mixture of their precome.
Lucifer adopts a shocked expression, trying to play it off as he hisses. “Dean, it’s me. I’m me.”
Castiel always wondered what his brothers and sisters whispered about him in Heaven. Despite having his grace back, most of the angels found ways to gossip without him hearing. Those momentary bouts of silence only made his vessel frown slightly, but inside it felt like he was a measureless darkness of silence. He would focus on the sounds around him, stretch his hearing to capture each crunch of footsteps, each word, each breath around him.
The cupid’s eyes squint curiously at the human. “You are inviting me to share your company?”
“Hello, can I help you?” Castiel says, leaning against the doorframe to make it appear that he’s calm and collected. The stranger’s eyes are a vibrant green with flecks of gold, freckles dotting his cheeks and nose. He has a few wrinkles around his eyes and the corner of his lips, laugh lines Castiel finds endearing. The slope of his shoulders to his waist is defined under his v-neck shirt, but he appears more soft than chiseled.
“Even priests have burdens they need to put to rest.”
“Still, Dean. Leave well enough alone.” Ellen and Bobby stand, shouldering the weight of the heat before heading home for the night. Dean waves them out, as does Charlie and most of the bar’s occupants.
“Jo! Ash! How are y’all?” Dean asks, resting his elbows on the bar so he can lean towards them.
Cas finally meets Dean’s gaze again, the wrinkles around his eyes accenting the excitement Dean finds in them. “Your joy and faith and love will fill my grace with a light so beautiful the visage of God could not compare.”
“Dean, where the hell have you been? Bobby and I were startin to get worried about you.”
Castiel nods, expecting the response, and takes long strides into the human’s kitchen. He quickly scans his surroundings, noting the cleanliness. He already knows that Dean lives alone, but the lack of clutter strongly suggests an older bachelor lifestyle.
The moment of silence after the question makes Dean’s palms sweat. His bathrobe suddenly feels too heavy over his t-shirt and boxers. Castiel’s soft answer makes his heart hiccup against his ribs. “Yes, Dean.”
“’nother order?” he asks around the lollipop. He sits on the side of Balthazar’s desk, kicking his legs as he reads the screen.
As he hangs up, Dean notices Castiel’s outfit once again. He’d gotten used to the pink over the past couple days, but now Ben and Lisa are coming up the stairs. Dean grabs Castiel’s wrist and starts pulling him to his bedroom. Cas stares at Dean’s hand with wide eyes, his wings twitching.
Dean holds up a hand and walks closer to the angel, stopping the sentence. “Cas. I’m bein honest here. I want to. I wanna see your wings and I wanna help you. I wanna make you feel good.”
He stays suspended in space, grace humming. Not unlike human humming, but at a frequency and pattern painful to the mortal ear. He hasn’t been down there in so long, Heaven in need of his strategic skills. Now, he contemplates his own restlessness. He stretches his wings, allowing himself to compress into a man’s shape.
Dean glances towards the back where Sam sat before the fae entered. The younger Winchester sits hunched over the table, scribbling on his parchment with a fountain pen. Already drawing a portrait and noting any glamours he can discern from the normal background of the bar. Bobby follows Dean’s gaze and sighs. “You’d both do good to leave the fae alone. Enough pouring water in fire ant hills, boy. It’s bad enough yer Daddy died under their spell. Ya gotta let this go.” Bobby points a finger at Dean.
The list of unanswered emails didn’t prove long enough to occupy Dean’s attention for even a half hour and the man finds himself cast into boredom. He goes back to watching traffic with a frown. Pulling out his phone, he calls Sam.
He types up a simple message: “Are you missing your underwear? My cat has been snatching undergarments for little over a week. If you wish to retrieve what is yours, my apartment is C309. What is not picked up will be donated at the end of the week.”
Tastes are not heightened for angels. Neither are they muffled. But compared to his ever silent palate, great food compares to that of God’s voice. A small moan rumbles in his throat, a noise he’s never felt inside his own body before. As he does so, he licks his lips slowly. He rubs his teeth with the tip of his tongue, testing the sugary mix against the enamel. Lost in the sensations, the angel doesn’t notice Dean bite hard on his bottom lip. He doesn’t see how the priest clenches his fists, or how he closes his legs. He does freeze when a prayer rings in his mind like wind chimes.
The sudden lightning bolt that shoots through Castiel’s grace makes the space between his and Dean’s lips crackle. The radio tuner fluctuates and the security light explodes into sparks. Dean’s fingers drag static across Castiel’s cheek bone as he pulls him in for a third time. Castiel’s hands move outward, clinging onto the front of Dean’s button up under his jacket. His fingers shake even as his eyes droop shut. His grace pulsates to match Dean’s rapid heart beat from just one kiss, a throbbing he can feel all the way in his toes.
This time, Castiel doesn’t stay frozen. He wraps his arms around Dean’s waist so that they’re
Castiel turns around, full glasses in hand. He had moved so quietly Dean didn’t notice at first, snatching a navy blue, all-lace number from the bag and hiding it underneath a pair of red boxers. Castiel furrows his eyebrows as he sits back down at the table. Dean sits up straight again like lightning shot through his bones. His heart pangs against his ribs. Placing the glasses on the table, Castiel sits back. Lucifer comes and sits at his feet, glancing between him and Dean as if to suggest starting a deeper conversation. Castiel glares at him, pushing a thought towards the tabby even though he can’t hear. /He probably has a girlfriend. Face like that and the women’s underwear?/
The human stands beside the couch, staring at the words scrolling past. He doesn’t read them, his mind too occupied by the angel he can still see in his peripheral. He clears his throat when the end of the credits make the screen go black. He puts the bag on the couch next to Castiel. “I put your clothes in a bag.”
Castiel’s home as far as Dean was concerned, because Cas was family and the bunker was where family belonged. If anyone had to leave the bunker it would be him. Believe him he’d do it if that’s what Cas wanted.
“In a weakened state, angels require regular sleep like any human. However he has been avoiding rest for the past few days, likely in an attempt to appear well. I believe his unconsciousness was mainly due to sleep deprivation, he should wake in a few hours,” Hannah assured them.
his blue-grey eyes were still appealing. He was good looking, Dean had to admit, but a part of him couldn’t deny he wasn’t quite what he wanted. Ignoring this, he tried his best to appear interested.
“Shhh, it’s okay. Just hold on, please. It won’t be much longer, I promise,” Castiel assured him gently.
Sam looked at Dean in pity, watching him struggle with his emotions like this almost made Sam want to drop the silly facade. But Dean’s reaction to this was the final proof he needed to decide Dean really
“We have to tell Dean the truth,” Sam announced getting up from his chair determinedly. Gabriel grabbed his arm, pulling him back down.
Before he could make the suggestion, however, Dean spoke, “Look Cas, about earlier-”
“I told you to come as soon as you could, Hannah. You have no reason to doubt yourself,” Castiel assured her before evasively adding, “Do not worry. I am fine, my wings are merely shedding.”
But those were
“How the hell is anyone supposed to do this themselves!? It’s like you need a fricking
“You can’t just spy on us, Gabe. It’s creepy!” Sam scolded him. The archangel merely rolled his eyes.
However, his suspicions were short lived as Cas stood suddenly, drawing his attention.
Gabriel froze, staring at her wide-eyed, as he realised what he’d just announced. Hannah was startled by the archangel’s admission but she attempted to hide her surprise.
Sam had just returned from his morning run when Dean stormed into the kitchen. Without even a glance in Sam’s direction, he purposefully headed towards the fridge before pulling out a beer and chugging half its contents in one long gulp.
Gabriel waggled his eyebrows, “Ooooh feisty, I like it.”
Dean didn’t even hesitate before nodding fervently. “Yeah Cas, I’m yours. Just yours,
,” Dean claimed desperately. Sam shook his head calmly.
“That is odd, because you seem to have me confused with a cherub,” Hannah stated matter-of-factly.
making an effort. Sam wasn’t sure how to feel about an archangel trying to get on his good side. Why would Gabe even bother?
P.s. I'm going to admit right now that I stole the pub from How I Met Your Mother for inspiration. I don't go to bars a lot guys, okay xD
falling for Cas was never an option. Cas was an
chance at happiness. Even if that wasn’t with him.
it! I mean,
“Sort of…do you think, even with all the horrible things I’ve done, that I’d deserve the love of an angel?” Dean mumbled the words quickly, feeling extremely self-conscious afterwards. He knew this was the closest he’d ever gotten to confessing his love for Cas aloud.
A spark of defiance unexpectedly flared inside his chest, as if a part of his soul rejected his claim. No, he realised, it wasn’t his soul; it was
“Hold on a minute, I didn’t agree to anything,” Dean reminded them gruffly.
credit! I’d give my little bro his privacy if he needed it, I’m not a
“That may be true, but Sam believes it will be mutually beneficial if you two completed the ritual,” Hannah clarified.
Castiel listened as his husband relayed the details of the dream, a frown furrowing his brow. Dean had talked about much more gruesome nightmares, of his time in hell or of the deaths of the people he was never able to save, but this dream disturbed Castiel more than any of them. Probably because there was a time when Castiel would’ve done such a thing, would’ve believed his love for Dean was enough and that he didn’t need reciprocation. But now that he’d experienced Dean’s love, he couldn’t imagine ever giving it up.
He’d likely feel a lot more embarrassed if he wasn’t so preoccupied with Dean’s hands trailing through his wings. His touches were gentle but curious. They explored the back of his wings eagerly, following from the very top arch to the tips of his flight feathers. The gesture was soothing and Castiel soon found himself laying face down on the bed, relishing the attention.
It didn’t help that her thoughts were muddled by the alcohol. She couldn’t form a coherent thought, much less a sentence when the human had introduced herself. And now she found herself sitting in the back seat of the impala, so close to the human that her wings were passing through the girl. She supressed a shudder as her wing brushed against Charlie’s soul.
you risked Hannah’s friendship with Cas by not even bothering to tell her either,” Charlie growled.
At thoughts of the bond, he gradually became more aware of Dean’s emotions once again. They were easy enough to block out, only requiring a small amount of distraction for his mind to dismiss them. But once he focussed on them, the connection grew strong enough that he could sort through each emotion individually.
Sam was stunned by the sudden declaration. He wasn’t surprised by Dean’s self-loathing.
But Hannah wasn’t doing any of that. She wasn’t denying the evil acts he’d done, she was telling him that feeling guilty about doing that stuff was what separated him from actually being evil himself. It was a lot more reassuring than anything Sam or Cas could have said and Dean found himself grateful for Hannah’s presence. In fact, he could practically feel his mindless resentment for her melting away.
“You’re leaving already?” Dean murmured. The words came out much softer than he’d intended, but he couldn’t bring himself to say it again. But Cas had heard him anyway, turning towards him in surprise before his expression changed to one of concern.
Gabriel was practically skipping with excitement, Sam wondered briefly just how much sugar the archangel had binged before staging this little ‘visit’.
“Hey there, I’m Dean,” Dean greeted the other man, putting on his best charm.
to occur,” Hannah interrupted looking at Sam intently, “then the accepting party would not be obligated to continue the courtship. Acceptance of the feather is not binding, as it is simply the first stage in the courting process.”
. Yet here he was, smirking to himself as he held back snickers. Poor Hannah didn’t know Gabriel at all. She still expected him to behave like an archangel, not realising Gabriel behaved like anything but. There was no way in Hell, or
Not only was he intoxicated, but he didn’t understand what wing grooming really represented. Castiel had only ever had his wings groomed by Balthazar and that had been completely platonic, a comfort between dear friends. After Balthazar’s death, Castiel had never felt as close to any of his other siblings, grooming his own wings despite the difficulty. Despite Dean being Castiel’s closest and dearest friend, his feelings towards Dean meant it wouldn’t be the same as it had been with Balthazar. It would feel much more intimate, even if Dean didn’t reciprocate his feelings.
“Happy? It’s that rabbit food stuff you like instead this time,” Gabriel pointed out, popping a curly fry in his mouth. Sam had to admit the salad looked pretty appetising and he hadn’t eaten dinner yet…
But Dean shook his head firmly.
. And to make matters worse, even after everything Dean had done to him, Cas had wasted his last moments making sure Dean knew he still loved him regardless. Admittedly Dean had been barely conscious at the time and it was entirely possible what he heard wasn’t even real, but nevertheless he couldn’t forget the way his heart had skipped a beat when he heard the words. It was one thing knowing Cas had feelings for him, but it was an entirely different matter hearing it said aloud for the first time. Although waking up to Cas’s dead body had definitely squashed any happiness the moment had brought him, leaving only panic and sorrow in its place.
“So what went wrong?” Sam asked cautiously.
********
to Cas!”
it was in the same way he loved Sam. That if he allowed himself to say the words, he might not be able to deny any more just how far he’d let the angel into his heart. And that revelation would surely have led to dangerous thoughts like hope.
“You’re more than qualified,” Cas responded firmly. “After all, it was
He was busy planning his defence when Cas addressed him, “Don’t you agree, Dean?”
“Goddammit Sam, are you deaf or something? Do I have to do
Before Dean had the chance to speak, however, Cas spoke once more, “You should know, angels only choose a mate
He was gone.
“I’ll keep that in mind. Thanks Cas,” Dean replied warmly.
cars.”
“I’ll discuss the situation with Hannah and inform you of our decision as soon as possible,” Castiel told the other angel noncommittally, “just tell the others to continue to do their duties as best as they can in these difficult conditions.”
“I am sorry, I hope I am not adding to your heartbreak with my own problems,” Castiel expressed guiltily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam gave him a sympathetic look, patting him comfortingly on the shoulder.
“Hello Dean,” Cas’s voice suddenly interrupted his pancake frenzy.
Cas was watching him curiously and Dean realised he must be reading his emotions again. Forcing himself to remain indifferent, he lifted his eyes and stared back at the angel.
Dean studied the pile of books curiously, soon realising it must be every piece of angel lore the bunker had.
for each other. You pulled him out of Hell. You guys have risked your lives for each other
“Never you mind, Cas. All you need to know is, I accept,” Charlie announced excitedly.
While Hannah was caught up in thoughts of courting, Charlie took the chance to move closer before boldly resting a hand on the angel’s thigh. It was this touch that pulled Hannah’s attention back to the situation at hand as her breath hitched at the contact. Charlie carefully watched Hannah’s face for any signs of discomfort; but when Hannah didn’t protest she began gently caressing the angel’s thigh. Her vessel’s heart was racing and she knew her face must be a dark scarlet from the burn she felt in her cheeks. Charlie had a playful smirk on her face, clearly taking pleasure in making an angel nervous. With one last lingering gaze at Hannah’s lips, Charlie deliberately leaned slowly forward. Realising what was about to happen, Hannah determinedly shoved away her indecisions for the time being and eagerly closed her eyes.
I'm so sorry for how long this took to come out. I want to blame Christmas and New Years and all the other distractions I've had, but honestly it's cause I'm a horrible procrastinator xD
With trembling hands he grasped Cas’s right hand gently, almost flinching as he was met by cold stiffness, dragging it in place over the mark on his arm. To his dismay, there was no instant clash of feelings or the sensation of souls melding as there had been last time. Cas’s vessel remained as motionless as ever on the couch beside him. Dean tried to hold back his disappointment, he knew it had been a long shot, but there were tears already stinging his eyes and a lump forming in his throat. He had failed. Dean was yet again to blame for losing someone he cared about. He really was poison.
“Look, this isn’t what I had in mind. The
Hannah felt her face fall and Charlie immediately looked apologetic.
This bonus chapter is dedicated to speedymakac. I'm so so sorry for spoiling the latest episode for you, I hope this little drabble makes up for my mistake Q.Q
“Hannah already knows, who else would drag your comatose ass across several states? That girl seriously needs a raise,” Dean informed him, chuckling fondly.
Dean woke up cradled in Cas’s arms, his wings curled around them. Dean had never felt so comfortable in his life. He was tempted to fall back to sleep, it would be so easy, but promptly decided against it as he felt Cas begin trailing gentle kisses along his neck.
“Hannah must be informed immediately. She will need to become my replacement in my absence,” Castiel said anxiously. He began to rise but Dean gripped his shoulder, stopping him.
