The Bakers’ old house is burned down to the foundations. It’s been over forty years and no one ever built over it. It’s an ugly eyesore in an otherwise nice looking neighborhood, and there’s a yellowed for sale sign on its dead lawn that looks like it’s been around nearly as long as the house has been a burned out husk of itself.
The sleep was dreamless for Cas, thankfully, though he woke up with a throbbing headache and heard Jo on the verge of crying from where she’d curled up on a not very amused Selma’s bed. Selma pet Jo’s head slowly and glared at Castiel until he got up and pretended to be fine long enough for Selma to leave Jo to get on with her day.
“Yeah and that’s the other thing,” says Dean. “My days of doing anything god damn useful are pretty numbered at this point. And if I’m not cut out for anything else, what’s the point? Maybe… I mean if we’re right, if… you know. Why shouldn’t I go out fighting in a hunt? What the fuck am I living for, Cas? Not like anyone needs me anymore, not like I want anything, not really, and now I can’t even tell myself I’m making the world a better place one monster at a time. So why do you keep saving me? Who the hell is it for? Because it’s not for me, I can tell you that.”
They were led to the room Cas had been sent to the last time he was in Guttur. As they walked, Pamela chattered over their nervous silence. They all filed into the room and looked at Pamela expectantly. She knocked on a door that led to another room, and out came Billie and Mortimer. The three Gutturmen took their seats and waited patiently for Dean to do the same.
“Yeah, you do,” said Dean. Finally he let go, and took a step back. One hand came up to pinch the bridge of his nose, his expression subtly pained. “You’re still miserable, and you can’t figure out why, and that’s not my fault.”
Jack sits between Claire and Patience, who are more talking over him than to him, but he seems content just to listen for now. Sam and Eileen are at the opposite end of the table from Amara. Dean snags himself one of the remaining middle seats and Cas sits next to him, unfortunately close to Amara. One seat remains open for Billie, opposite Sam They wait, even Claire and Patience going unusually silent, trailing off in an excited explanation of some place called “Galaxy’s Edge” to Jack.
“It’s likely,” said Selma, relief evident in her voice despite her attempt to maintain a professional demeanor. “Jess, have you heard from Cordy since-“
“A second chance?” Castiel asked, watching Charlie’s lips thin as she looks at him. “I think I understand that tragedy has touched everyone here. Especially him. And I’m not asking any of you for anything. But try to keep me under lock and key, and I will find a way out. I’ve been a prisoner in my own mind, and that is never happening again. You’re worried I’ll go back to the state. I won’t.”
“You sure?” asked Jo. Charlie looked around at the others, hoping they would intervene. No one met her eyes, obviously too scared of Jo to come to her defense. “Because you sure look like you want to say something.
Jody’s face when she sees him is worth everything. If Claire’s done wrong in her life, if she resents all the wrongs that have been done to her, it’s all worth it to see that look on her mom’s face. She loves Jody so much, and she doesn’t know how to say it most of the time but- But she hopes Jody knows. She hopes she can see that she did this for her, as a thank you for everything Jody has already done in return.
After dinner, Claire and Kaia clear the table while Donna and Jody work on rinsing off the dishes and loading the dishwasher. When they’re done, Donna and Wendy say their goodbyes and head home, and Jody and the rest of the girls migrate to the living room where Dean has been designated a couch. Jody tried to offer him one of the girls’ rooms, since he was recovering and all, but Dean had told her not to bother. He’s already embarrassed enough that he’s being left at Jody’s because Sam doesn’t trust him to stay out of trouble by himself, he doesn’t need special treatment too.
Cas takes a look at the display at the bed. “Uh, Dean, his name is Gabriel” Cas smiles, but being at the edge to cry, because it’s then when realisation hits again, remembering him of his favourite archangel brother, who sacrificed his life three years ago to save them.
“Eileen is pregnant, there is a baby inside her tummy” Dean explains while his brother keeps on snickering.
He begins to feel Castiel’s warm breath and his soft lips touching his dry ones, slowly moving against his own, a few seconds later he parts his lips, intensifying and deepening the kiss.
Dean looks up to his foster child, smiling. “Do you want to stay a while, maybe eat dinner with us? I think we all would love that, wouldn’t we?” Dean says, looking to Sam and Eileen, who nod in unison. “I’d love to” Jack answers with a sad undertone in his voice, “but I’ve got work to do. I’m rebuilding heaven, make a beautiful world, not the compartment building it has been, I want everyone to be able to interact with each other like a family, because family doesn’t end in blood like you told and showed me over the past two years.”
Sam laughs, as Gabriels head tilt reminded him of the many head tilts Cas did, when he didn’t understand something.
After Sam gets in the car, Dean drives off to the Bunker, sometimes looking in the rear mirror just to see the empty seat where Cas always sat, which is now filled by the body of Miracle, Deans new dog.
He wasn’t able to reciprocate to the one thing he’s dreamed for the last few years, hoping Cas wouldn’t visit him in his dreams, witnessing what he’s dreaming of and leaving him alone- again.
Dean is praying silently to Jack, begging him to resurrect Castiel, the first person who loved him for the person that he was, and not for the things he achieved, while he walks to the Impala.
“We have to thank you Jack” Sam says, smiling. “We have to thank you, that you made all that possible, that you finally give us the lives we’ve wished for some time already.” Eileen nods her head yes, Cas and Dean seem to agree as well.
After both of them found their way out of bed and into the kitchen to get some coffee, Cas asks when they should visit the first orphanage.
“JACK, CAN YOU HEAR ME?” Dean slowly starts crying, realising he lost everyone he got to know and love in the past 2 years.
“All the souls aren’t doing what they’re supposed to do, neither in heaven nor hell and I honestly don’t know what I should do. All of them suddenly started fighting each other, I have no control any more.”
It happens quickly from there. Dean waits by the door. Sam and Eileen ransack through their spell ingredients as Amara dreamily suggests possible substitutes for anything they don’t have on hand (based on a knowledge base that is being filtered through a very human memory, Sam thinks to himself warily while taking her suggestions). Meanwhile, Claire makes some tea and sits with Patience as she mutters to herself, growing more and more worried as time goes on.
“No, are you and Cas…” Sam trails off. And Dean has no idea how to answer that question. He can see Sam’s expression get less horrified and more pitying the longer he takes to answer, though, so he tries to shovel all of his thoughts on the matter into something resembling coherency.
So Cas forgets. Not completely, not entirely, but for long stretches at a time he forgets. Dean and Sam are dead and buried before it occurs to him it should have happened by now. Jack is reunited in heaven with Kelly before he wonders what exactly the SHADOW is waiting for.
It’s as Patience is trying to calm herself this way that Cas comes through the kitchen, eyes immediately zeroing in on Claire. Sipping her coffee, Claire pretends not to notice the look Cas is giving her, silently asking if she’s alright. She sits a little straighter when he takes the seat opposite her and Patience, seemingly intent to stay until he has some answers.
Castiel picked the booth in the very back of the quiet diner. The man who owned it, Ernie, had poor eyesight, and was a little hard of hearing, both of which were qualities Castiel very much appreciated in his current situation. It helped that although the required propaganda was posted on the walls, it was out of date and none of the regulars said their thanks to the Lightbringer before tucking into their meals. It was as close to apolitical as anywhere was, these days. The perfect place to hide.
Castiel felt a lump build up in the back of his throat at this news, and he looked down at his lap in misery.
Having a solid piece of information to bring back to Superbia put him in slightly better spirits and he did end up heading back to the bonfire. He was glad he did too, because it had cleared out significantly in the time it had taken for him to finish his walk and now only about a half dozen people were left. Of those, the one that concerned Castiel was Jo, who was sitting on the ground with a bottle to herself and eyes that looked a little too glassy. Castiel carefully sat next to her before asking what was wrong. Jo turned to him, apparently much sharper than he had expected her to be.
“I know you’re not running away,” said Jo after a second of letting Cas squirm. “So how about you tell me what the hell is going on, and I don’t shout for backup. Sound like a deal?”
“You’re okay,” said Cas, practically babbling. “I’m so sorry, Dean. I was in so much pain. I didn’t want to fight it. I shot Anna and I just wanted it all to be over.”
“You did, though,” says Dean, trying to drive the point home. “I would have died in that room with you, and the only thing I would have been sorry about was dragging you into it. What you did, the hell you put me through…”
“I don’t think my endorsement would help, but I’ll pass the message along if you want me to,” said Cas. Dr. Newman let out a long suffering sigh and waited for Castiel to remove his pants so he could take off the bandages and check the gunshot wound. As Castiel had thought, he was fine. Dr. Newman seemed to concur, though he wasn’t entirely happy with Cas for going on an almost week long car trip after having been shot.
“How is blowing ourselves up a solution,” Castiel said warily. Jo tossed the packet to the opposite side of the cell and pushed Castiel towards the corner as she took a lighter from her pocket. She kissed it once, opened it and lit a flame. Then she threw it across the cell with unerring aim.
“So you think there’s something between us and Libidine in the way?” Charlie asked. Cas nodded. “Lucrum?”
“Making sure McCleod doesn’t get smothered in his sleep,” said Charlie. “The high ranking officials don’t like us here. And they don’t have much loyalty to the McCleods either. Just look how easy it was to get them to turn against Rowena.”
“How am I supposed to explain this to Naomi?” Castiel asked, because she was not going to be happy when she found out what happened.
It’s not untrue. They sit in uncomfortable silence with that for a moment. Then Sam clears his throat and keeps talking. He wants to get through this, because he thinks Dean will appreciate what this could all mean. If he takes Billie’s offer seriously and not just as a future threat.
“Okay, I’m just gonna break in here,” said Jo. “Who is this argument gonna help? What’s done is done and we all got out alive and I’m going to call that a good day. Sound good, Dean?”
Lydia still didn’t appear entirely comfortable, though it was clear she recognized Castiel was trying to cushion her ego, so she smiled.
“And fuck you, too, for making me care,” said Cas in reply, which wasn’t very grateful but it wasn’t as though he had the best control over his mouth anymore.
“Well, then consider this a favor for a friend,” said Cas. “What should I do about Dean, given your alleged insight into his psyche?”
“Hey,” Dean says. Castiel looks up, but he doesn’t answer Dean. His eyes are narrowed in quiet suspicion, and Dean can feel himself tensing under the scrutiny. “Can I have some of that?”
“He was shot between the eyes as soon as he left this building. He wasn’t just planning desertion, he was planning mutiny,” she said. “We don’t let soldiers defect, Castiel. Even you, as dull witted as you are, know that.”
“You brought Billie back, so I assume you didn’t blame her. And you already knew about the Empty’s deal,” says Cas gently. “So I can only guess that-”
Anna didn’t need to ask. Castiel leaned forward and kissed her, deeply. It felt empty, it felt inevitable, it felt final. He stopped and Anna wiped her mouth, seemingly unaffected. Castiel supposed if he had more pride he would be insulted.
“Anyways, you’re wrong,” said Dean. “The chips are down, odds a million to one and I only get one guy? Sam Winchester.”
“I’m trying to catch up,” said Cas. Selma seemed to take that as a personal challenge and launched three knives in a row at the same target in a triangle surrounding the knife Cas had thrown. She smiled at him and Cas let out an honest laugh.
Everything’s empty. And god that word stings to think, but Dean pushes back the pain and white knuckles the steering wheel as he weaves through abandoned cars loitering on the highway. The whole thing is a death trap, and wouldn’t that just be fitting. Dean Winchester, kills himself not paying attention to the fucking road…
Dean yanked his hand back and pressed himself as far as physically possible from where Cas was laying. Cas did his very best, and failed miserably, not to take it personally.
“What else is being dead good for?” asked Anna. “And you do want help, Cas. This is your head we’re talking about. I’m here because you put me here.”
“Just before the last mission you sent me on. When I came back and you told me to kill Dean,” Castiel answered quickly. He tried to swallow down his shame when Jo looked at him quizzically. “Before that, I still reported to you. I promise that’s the truth.”
“Sure, but I wanted to surrender,” said Dean, insistent. “Either way I wasn’t just going to leave you there, but seeing him do that to you…”
It was a bluff. Castiel was terrible at bluffing. But something in his eyes must have convinced them, because they looked to a man near the back, and he nodded at them. They started unlocking doors. Cas’ grip on his hostage loosened a little in relief, and she bent her head to bite his forearm. It was all he could do not to drop the gun. He kept his grip, and managed to pull her off of him by the hair, causing her to scream.
“I didn’t know you wanted one,” says Sam shrugging. Dean frowns, mock offended. “Maybe… maybe we should write wills or something.”
“I can see you, you know,” says a voice on his left. Cas feels the instinct to jump, but doesn’t let himself. He turns his head and sees Mary sitting next to him. She doesn’t look at him, just straight forward. She isn’t giving him away, just sitting down for a conversation. Cas turns to find John across the room, staring at the back of Mary’s head, confusion and anger mingling underneath a forced grin as he shares a drink with one of his old hunting partners. One of the ones he got killed, Cas thinks. It’s an uncharitable thought, but it also happens to be true.
Everything’s been clear for a few days when Billie finds them again. They’d been wary of Death since they realized people were disappearing in large numbers, taken by reapers who were evacuating heaven. They’d been even more concerned when they realized she was looking for them specifically. She and her reapers had been less than pleased with Ash’s ability to transport the four of them to stable spots on Heaven’s “grid” whenever a reaper gets too close to them. Billie had managed to get close enough to leave with Charlie, but Ash told them that was a special situation. Someone had bargained for her life back, and there’s no outrunning magic like that.
There’s no answer. Well, she gave him a chance, she thinks grimly to herself. And then she starts to pray again, aiming her intentions a little higher. This time, she knows she’ll be heard.
“Tell me what you want, Cas,” he murmurs into Cas’ ear. It’s involuntary, the way Cas’ hands wind around Dean then. The way Dean is half held up in his arms, the way Dean can only speak in short bursts between the press of Cas’ lips. The way that if Cas isn’t careful he might forget to let Dean come up for air at all. “Tell me anything you want. I could-”
He stared up at a too blue sky, and felt a hand run up and down his arm slowly. He stopped it, and turned to face the man he knew would be beside him.
“I don’t want to make anyone uncomfortable,” Castiel said quietly. Change was never something he saw coming or liked. He supposed he should have assumed Jo and Charlie would want more privacy now that they were… whatever they were. “In garrisons we don’t segregate by gender, but I know that that is not the case mostly for even citizens of the cities. And Selma’s religion does require a certain amount of modesty, and I wouldn’t want to-“
“You probably won’t remember this part,” says Cas, voice even. “But it seems I’ll have to make an appearance in a more physical form if I want you to survive. Which, unfortunately, I do, more than anything else in the world apparently. So you’ll remember that.”
As the world around them devolved into nuclear panic, the people of Lebanon quietly took advantage to build what looked to be a fallout shelter. However, if anyone not in the know had sought to investigate further, they would realize the people of Lebanon had built nothing of the sort. Instead they had built a door. A tightly regulated door, but a door none the less. And, having built a door, it wasn’t so long until people began knocking from the other side. What had once been a tissue thin barrier, easily broken and prone to tearing, had now been given a stable method of entry. Whether or not it was an invitation, it had been taken as one, and the people of Lebanon were used to accepting oddity into their lives. The only difference now was their ability to put faces to the names of the creatures they had grown up whispering about. Fairies and vampires and demons, and some even whispered angels.
“Any objects that made contact with your bare skin when you reported into her,” Dr. Newman mused to himself. Not a question, Castiel said to himself and starting to zone out. “With verbal reinforcement that would-“
Now, they had to wait, living off food that Jason had surreptitiously gone out to buy for them. State currency was still being used, though he said there were discussions among sellers about the beginnings of a bartering system that didn’t rely on money. Or at least not entirely. It was generally agreed that at some point, they needed to establish their own currency, since the state no longer held sway, but they continued to use what they had in the meantime.
“You wouldn’t even have this if it weren’t for me,” Dean grumbled. Something about the expression on Cas’ face much have changed his mind, because he set the book down and looked at Cas. He pointed at the book. “Can I see that?”
“I don’t know. He’s… I saw him growing inside Kelly. Sometimes it felt like he was growing from pieces of me, too,” says Cas. As if Jack is truly his own flesh and blood somehow, and in the most viscerally human of ways. As if somehow Jack was birthed by him and Kelly both, and both died for it. Died for him. “I don’t know, Sam.”
Cas lifts Dean’s body from where it is impaled on a piece of rebar, leaving bits of flesh and blood and viscera and bone lingering behind. Sam is nearly sick, thinking that those are bits of Dean. That if it weren’t for Cas, it would be Sam pulling Dean off the metal spike, hearing the crunch of his brother’s spine breaking, washing the blood off his hands…
Jo slapped his leg lightly where the scar was and Castiel flinched. She tilted her head with a slight glare.
Like her grandmother before her, you could often find Claire Winchester working at the Campbell General Store, stocking shelves and helping customers. Most days, you would also find Kaia Nieves, Claire’s best friend and closest confidante, there as well. The two were thick as thieves, and anyone with eyes would know that Kaia would take a bullet for Claire in a heartbeat.
“I’ve known Jo longer than you have,” said Selma. “She and Benny kept me sane after Erica died. I want to return the favor, but she’s not acting as if her heart is broken. She isn’t lashing out, or over-drinking, or having sex with anyone who will have her. It isn’t like the way it was before.”
“He brought you back because you were family for a while,” says Cas. “When he didn’t have much of one. And he missed you.”
They found shelter in an old Resistance hold out that had been abandoned since the military coup had been successful. Dean had wanted to be the one to go out as a scout and see what he could find of the Resistance movement, but Charlie had insisted on going instead. She pointed out that she was the one who had been in most frequent contact with Jesse and Cesar, and she might remember clues from their correspondence that would help her find them. Dean assigned Rosali to go with her, clearly concerned that Charlie would not be entirely safe on her own, but agreed that she had a good argument.
“You don’t want to do this, Naomi,” said Castiel immediately, trying to move away and failing mostly due to the fact he was currently tied to a fucking chair. Alastair moved the knife, tapping each of his fingers gently with it, taking his time. “You’re many things, but you don’t shed blood without reason. I won’t win you this war, you have to-“
“If you’d gone through with it, how were you supposed to dream about anything else?” Cas asked. After a moment of weighted silence, Castiel reached out to touch his shoulder as an offer of comfort, and Dean’s hand clamped down on his a moment later. Someone cleared their throat. Cas looked up to see Hannah, Balthazar and Uriel staring at the two of them. His face grew oddly warm under their attention. “We have to go. Someone will have heard the shot. Is everyone else-?”
“And what, he just gets to… to dump that on me and never have to deal with what… what I might say back?” Dean asks. Sam is staring at him now, and Dean feels his discomfort deepen.
She didn’t answer. Loneliness rang through Castiel’s soul, clear as a bell. It hurt less than it usually did.
“I am not your friend, or your father, or your commander,” Cas said to him. “And Gadreel was right about me. You should listen to him.”
“About me. Not a mastermind, or a long time conspirator against the state. Just someone caught up in something larger than themselves,” said Anna. “Are you disappointed?”
So Sam paints on a smile and pretends not to know something is wrong. He pretends so hard, he manages not to question it when a case comes up. Manages not to question how convenient it is that they’re in the area. Manages not to question that it’s an old loose end from their long gone father, or that they’ll be saving two brothers kidnapped by monsters.
“Can’t believe you remember that. You were pretty out of it when I- Yeah. The heat got to some. Some people got sick. And some people figured out that if there were less of us there might actually be enough to survive on. And then there was this one guy Alistair… I think he just thought it was fun. He’d pick someone to kill off and spend days or even weeks fucking with them before he’d dash their brains out. Nobody said anything about it because they didn’t wanna be next.”
He’d gotten good at avoiding that. He leaves the bathroom without drying off, and shoves on the nearest set of mostly clean clothes he can find. Once he’s dug out his stash of aspirin to take the edge off his mother of all migraines, Dean snatches up his car keys. Might as well face the shit storm now if he has to face it.
“Hello?” asks Dean over the phone. Sam breathes out a sigh of relief, but is a little confused by Dean’s tone. He sounds weird, like he’s distracted. Which, considering the current circumstances…
“Shoot them?” Castiel asked, remembering telling Dean and Jo the events that surrounded Anna’s death. “The faith you have in me is inspiring.”
Jo rolled her eyes and let it go. When Charlie got back with the scissors and Risa attached to them, Cas relented to letting Risa cut his hair instead. Jo seemed a little relieved by that, as though Castiel would care at all what it looked like. Risa started cutting his hair and Cas sat there, still as a stone.
“Maybe you should’ve,” he says after a second. “I- Cas, I want to say the right thing here. But it’s like you’ve tied yourself in knots making it fucking impossible for me to even- You don’t know everything, okay? You think you’ve got all this shit worked out, but you don’t.”
“You were trying to help in as minimal a way as possible and it backfired,” says Castiel. “It’s understandable.”
“I can’t promise any kind of accuracy. I nick an artery, and you’re losing a leg,” muttered Gabriel. “What if I stabbed you in the thigh instead? Would that work?”
“He was going to attack anyway,” Sam said. Castiel shook his head, not liking at all the picture that was forming in his head.
Eileen stares at the messages she’s sent. It isn’t how Dean should hear this, but she doesn’t know how else to say it. She’s nowhere near a wifi signal, so she can’t video call. She’s surprised when Dean doesn’t answer right away. She starts to get antsy after an hour’s gone by, and decides to put the phone on vibrate and head back out onto the road, put some more miles between herself and the burned out hotel room.
“Okay, Cas,” said Garth. “I’m not going to make you do anything you’re uncomfortable with. We could just sit here and talk.”
“Good luck with that,” said Dean, slapping him lightly on the shoulder. “I’m rooting for you, sunshine.”
“You don’t have a spoon, so that’s an empty threat,” said Dean. “Anyway, where was I… oh yeah, and some people are real passenger seat drivers. Bossy fucking-“
“And I don’t care,” said Jo instantly. “Whatever Naomi made you do, I don’t care. You’re my best friend and the only person in this entire fucking place who ever looked at me and took me seriously. I don’t want you to ruin that. So whatever you’re feeling guilty about… just let it go. Okay?”
She was difficult to read. A warm smile was never far from her lips, and she lost the current round with grace to Cordy, not for a second letting an ounce of disappointment show on her face. Castiel remembered the blunt way she had first spoken to him, unashamed of her disease or herself. Incredible intelligence sparkled beneath her eyes, and Castiel was unsurprised she seemed to be winning most hands.
“Charlie always breaks first,” said Selma. “Whenever they get close to something serious she’ll do something to make sure Jo knows that she doesn’t expect anything more from their relationship.”
“People could die,” said Castiel, not liking Dean’s obvious attempt to intimidate him. “My apologies for trying to prevent that.”
“Over here,” called another young woman Claire had just freed. She grimaced at the others, in a heavily sardonic twist of her lips that suggested mild disgust. “Been a while since any of us have had a shower, huh?”
“Mystery for the ages,” Dean agreed, snapping the book shut and passing it back to Cas. “Your turn.”
“Slept,” Jo finished for him. “Probably a good thing with the knife wound and everything. Glad to hear Winchester’s still a gentleman.”
“Something?” Cas asked, and now he sounded bored. But the careful kind of bored, that let Dean know the dude was trying to hurt his feelings a little bit. Because it was better not to poke at raw nerves. Except, all that was left of Dean was raw nerves these days. And Cas too.
Dean stared down at him, something between pride and confusion and guilt. Guilt seemed to be winning out.
Gabriel had to shove him through the doors of the car, after having dragged him out into the side alley and onto a small street. He didn’t look very confident in Castiel’s ability to drive himself, if the way he looked up to the sky for help was any indication. Castiel thought maybe he should be asking God for help too, but wasn’t sure if the ability to drive half a mile is an important enough thing to ask.
“She wouldn’t think you were worth it,” he said. “You couldn’t take her out if you pointed a gun to her head and pulled the trigger, I swear. And I’ve seen people try on more than a few occasions.”
“Don’t mention it to Gordon if you want to live,” Selma had said next, though she stopped suddenly at the end of her sentence and glanced at him worriedly. Jo had probably told her to watch him for ‘talking about dying’. Castiel ignored her caution.
“We don’t care,” said Billie. “Mary is aware we’re watching her. This tells them nothing they don’t already know. Why cause premature trouble by killing you?”
“Maybe to you,” said Benny. “But did you ever think about what the state asked you to do before your friend died? If she was still alive, you would shoot any of us sitting here on sight and don’t say you wouldn’t.”
“Why did you lie to me?” Castiel said again, angry and worse still, unable to do anything about it. Chained to the ground in his own dream and helpless to truly confront Anna. Instead he had to lay there, passively while she was free to leave him helpless in this too bright garden with no answers.
She was one of the women who worked for Ellen, and she seemed to take an especial interest in Castiel when she asked what they all wanted to drink. He felt himself tensing every time she came by, and at the third time he feared she really was going to begin an altercation. When she finally spoke to him, Castiel prepared himself for the worst.
“Will you trust me that I have a good reason for not telling you?” he asked. Jo frowned and he continued. “For not telling anyone until I know for certain what to do with what I learned.”
“Then again, who knows? It’s not like I’m his favorite person in the world right now,” she said. She clutched her stomach a little tighter as she said it, but her face remained defiant. Tamara sat stock still, breathing through the pain and then letting out a long breath. “I hate all of this. You know, I had a beautiful little girl. Smartest little girl in the whole wide world. Isaac and I loved her so damned much.”
She and Cas exchange another glance. Lifting her chin in question, Claire tries to send another thought his way. She doesn’t call it a prayer, not in her own head. She doesn’t pray anymore. Won’t ever again. But any advantage they can get on this thing is an advantage she’s not willing to miss. Fucker hurt Kaia pretty bad before Claire stepped in, made Mr. Jones promise he’d get Kaia out and to help while Claire handled the second monster they hadn’t been expecting.
“It’s fine,” said Cas. He was tired of this conversation. He reminded himself he didn’t have to answer Meg’s questions. He wished he could talk to Selma or Jo. He knew he could talk to Charlie, but he didn’t want to talk to her about Dean. As much grief as she had given him for choosing Jo’s side over her with regards to their relationship, Cas was under no illusions who Charlie would pick if it came down to it. And it wasn’t him. He didn’t blame her for it, but it made confiding the difficulties of his relationship with Dean harder. And that was why he hadn’t told her about the relationship in the first place.
“No,” he said. “I’m here to… perhaps apologize is not the right word. I’m here to make amends. If you’ll still let me.”
“Kelly Kline is currently under the guard of Risa Jones and everyone under her command, along with Jo Harvelle. They fled with Kelly after almost getting into a gunfight with the people that went to retrieve her after you helped her escape,” explained Mary. “How did you turn them against us?”
“So you’re a liar, and he only cares about money,” Dean summarizes. Cas elbows him and Dean starts cackling again. “Oh, c’mon, dude. I kinda nailed it.”
Sometimes, Castiel had admitted then, and felt a thrill to say it out loud. Now though, the question was not as theoretical as he had thought it had been then. Instead it was personal to a level that he preferred not to examine.
Eileen signs something to the effect of ‘Is that right?’ to which Sam signs back something rude Eileen must have taught him recently. For a moment, it feels like a reunion of friends, and Cas does feel happy to see that Rowena has made it out of whatever Billie is planning to do to Hell. Then Crowley clears his throat, and the smiles slide off their faces. Billie takes her seat and Crowley stands behind her, his allegiance in this matter made obvious if it wasn’t already.
Castiel felt like a gallon had been added to the pool of guilt he was carrying inside him. He thanked her and walked away as fast as he could. He just needed to escape his mind, escape these complications that made him feel ever more as though he were in the wrong, as though these rough outlaws he had met had a point in their resistance to the rules the state had put down for the greater good.
“The best part is that you know I know you’re lying, and you still can’t look me in the eye,” said Benny, mirth obvious. At least it gave Cas an excuse to stalk off without being suspicious, if nothing else. Benny laughing after him made him want to spin around and knock a little respect into him, but that wouldn’t go over well and it would keep Castiel from learning whatever was happening in the basement.
“Look, Dean,” he starts, like he’s trying to be gentle with Dean’s feelings. Or something. Dean braces himself. This is it, he thinks. And he is so very, very wrong. “I get that you’re trying to get things back to normal. Really. But you’ve got to be more careful that you don’t… lead Cas on.”
“That’s… that’s not true,” said Cas, looking at Charlie as he said it. She stared back at him, not agreeing or disagreeing, looking a little lost for words. “I’m not.”
“He seemed nice, Rowena,” was all the boy had to say in his defense. Rowena narrowed her eyes at him.
“Likewise,” Selma said. “We were worried. I still think it was idiotic for you to go back, but what do I know?”
Castiel had somehow drawn guard duty. Or to be more accurate he had been assigned along with those deemed to be “weaker fighters” to watch over the school while the remainder of the people of Sanctus and those under Dean’s command were staging an ambush for the encroaching state force.
“You’re a captain now. People are depending on you. Besides, it’s the position you envied for years, and you’ll lose it if you come with me.”
“Soon is a relative term,” says Castiel. “Eternity isn’t more important than you. I don’t want you to feel guilty. I would have given you that grace of my own free will. I would make that choice in a heartbeat.”
Cas stares up at him the whole time, his nails digging into Dean’s back, pulling him closer. It feels real in a way nothing has in a long time, but they don’t kiss. And they don’t talk about it.
“If Harriet was here, she might’ve given him a run for his money,” muttered Jo, who watched with barely concealed envy as Dean took the bottle of whiskey and presented it to Charlie, who rolled her eyes and accepted.
In the intervening twenty years, Mary and John Winchester had done what young couples in love frequently do. They had gotten married and had two children, only one of which survived to adulthood (as far as they were aware). His name was Dean Winchester, and at eighteen years old he was just as lovable as Mary had been as a child and just as excitable as John had been.
“So how’d you convince Dean to let you on the recon mission?” asked Charlie. “Excessive moping or other nefarious means?”
“What are they, amphetamines?” Castiel asked, picking up one of the pills and looking at it. He wasn’t a stranger to drug use in order to stay awake for longer periods of time or to spike adrenaline. Soldiers used them infrequently, but enough that Cas knew just how useful it would be to have some around.
Mary punched him. Castiel took his time picking himself off the floor, and resetting his chair so he could sit down again. He rubbed at his jaw and tried not to think about how he was going to be explaining the bruise there. If the flash of regret on Mary’s face was anything to go by, she was wondering the same thing.
“I think perhaps I hate him,” Castiel said to Selma solemnly as they washed laundry, a job she had informed him was not even supposed to be handled by their segment of the camp during this rotation. “No, I’m certain. I hate him.”
Castiel tried to sit up, and found himself chained to the ground. Anna made a soft tsking sound at his predicament and then lay down beside him. She wasn’t bleeding yet. In his dreams she always bled.
“Look, there doesn’t have to be some whole big thing, okay? The world’s ending, I think we have bigger fish to fry than whether or not me and Cas are going steady.”
“What, you gonna yell at me, too?” she asks, eyes narrowed. “Just a warning, I actually fight back.”
“Yeah, follow me,” said Trisha waving Castiel back towards a hallway. “We’re sharing with Maggie and Corbett. So… yeah.”
Selma stepped out of the van, and without hesitation walked off with Delphine. Benny got out after them, and Castiel and Jo followed further back.
He was deposited on the floor next to Jo, who looked like a wild thing caged. He raised an eyebrow at her and looked at her hands, hoping against hope she had some kind of plan to get out of this. She shook her head slightly, and the two had a mutual realization that they were powerless and at the hands of their enemy with no rescue coming.
Meanwhile, Claire and Patience are holed up in the kitchen, biding their time. Patience had been a little angry at Claire, for telling him something big was about to happen, especially since the first thing Dean did when they got back on the road was tell Cas. Apparently it introduced new variables, made the decisions they were going to make less clear. Made it harder for Patience to figure out which route to go. Especially because she doesn’t know why some stuff works and some stuff doesn’t, and refuses to go into any details with anybody. It’s like she’s playing some kind of internal chess game except all the pieces have a mind of their own and the rules are a secret and you’re playing against the gameboard somehow. Or that’s how Patience had put it, before Claire called her a nerd and also worked in a story about how Patience used to do chess competitively but had to quit because knowing every move your opponent is gonna make before they make it is unfair. Dean was pretty sure Claire was trying and failing to rag on her by calling Patience too principled or something.
“If you’re certain he’s not a threat,” he says, pointedly not looking at Chuck as he says it. “I’m going to check in on the girls. Make sure- Well, that Claire is-”
Jo left him and Lydia to themselves not long after that, blending in with an ease that made Castiel certain she wanted to be marked as different when she first met him. Making herself seem the rebellious outlaw type was sure to draw in the kind of people she would want to recruit in Superbia. Now she melted into the texture of Ira, and the much busier streets of the center of the city.
Claire is supposed to be doing research, but she picks a spot and eavesdrops instead. She and Kaia are working on hunting a djinn based out of Sioux Falls, the part that’s actually a city and has a decent victim pool to draw from, but they haven’t been able to narrow down what warehouse the fucker’s actually using. Whoever it is, they’re smart and they’re dumping the bodies away from the killing grounds. The police records Jody’s been able to pull are no fucking help, and Claire’s FBI badge is not something she uses so close to where she lives, so investigating has been a nightmare and a half. Kaia splits her time between studying with tutors to get a GED and helping Claire with the job, and Claire tries not to take that help for granted. Which is why she should be working, but instead she just listens to Jody and Dean chatting.
He broke off. Cas kept his eyes closed, but pulled Dean’s hand closer to him resting it over his chest. He listened as Dean’s breathing slowed down again beside him.
“I don’t have the equipment to fuck with the security system Cas! The elevator was one thing, all I had to do was shut off the power in a localized spot. Not fucking code break an entire system designed to keep me out.”
“Let him go, and I’ll let you live,” said Dean. Alistair just smiled and pressed the blade another quarter inch deeper.
“How?” says Dean. “Look no Heaven, no Hell, no Purgatory, no Empty, I’m not saying that’s the worst idea in the world, but if we needed to take the fight to Billie… Where would we even go? There’d just be nothing. You can’t fight Death. Not forever.”
“God, that’s rich coming from you,” said Sam, the sound of bitter laughter following the statement. “How many times have I told you that Emma needs a stable home, huh? How many times have Bobby, Ellen, and Jody offered her that?”
“I have to get the others,” Hannah interrupted, jumping where she stood as she remembered. “I told them I’d call when you woke up. I should call them.”
“You were,” says Jack, surprised by his confusion. He had always felt like he was the odd one out. He was the one who wasn’t family, not really. Finding out Cas was under the same impression was hard to wrap his head around in more than one direction. He still remembers when he was born, when Castiel was dead… He remembers how silent the bunker felt. How unwelcoming and cold, as if it were haunted by someone missing. It had felt right, to feel that way at the time because Jack was missing a man he hadn’t even known. But when Cas had come back, it was as if a flip had switched, in Dean especially. Suddenly everything was warm, like the walls themselves were welcoming him back. And Cas couldn’t even feel it, Jack realizes. It’s… sad. “What about Dean?”
That night, having been banished from his own bed by a rightfully angry Jo Harvelle, Dean took Claire to Missouri Mosely and asked her again why she had never followed her husband back into those other worlds. She looked at him sadly, taking note of the baby in his arms and said nothing for a long time.
“I mean…” Dean paused. What did he mean? And worse, did he really want to say it out loud? “I mean, the story ends. One way or another. What comes after that?”
“Benny will be so relieved to hear,” she snickered to herself. “And Betty too. She was lamenting half the drive about Dean being unavailable. Well, him and Charlie both being unavailable.”
Mary and Bobby have date night, leaving Dean alone for the evening with Cas. For most of the night, Dean keeps to himself and out of Castiel’s way. It isn’t until about ten that he hears Cas’ voice and gets curious. He tiptoes out of his room, avoiding all the parts of the floor that creak. He used to do this when Sam was still dumb enough to say his journal entries out loud as he was writing them. He knows just the perfect spot to stand in order to eavesdrop.
“Kaia and I can help,” says Claire instantly, looking back at her girlfriend. Kaia nods after a second, and Claire looks back to Cas. “And then you can tell me what the hell has been happening the last few months.”
As many mornings before this one (and as it would be for many mornings after) he wakes up from a dream of flying. And not for the first time, he has woken mid-flight, wings he no longer possesses stretched taut against the strain. The phantom pain of those missing limbs is, simply put, excruciating. He cannot relax, cannot convince his mind that this pain is imagined. Unable to stop himself, he gasps in short spurts, unable to fill his lungs through the panic.
Maggie’s is the hardest. Dean shoves Sam away from her with a sharp look. It’s protective and Sam resists the urge to yell at him. The blame game, the guilt, there’s no point in any of it. It doesn’t stop Sam’s head from spinning though. And Jack, with that little smile on his face because his powers are back is twisting something deep and dark inside him.
Cas was so lost in his guilt and anger, he nearly jumped out of his skin when Benny pulled him to his feet.
“I’m not distracting,” Cas said. “I’m frequently very helpful. Like I’m being right now for instance. Or at least I was until you distracted me. So who’s the real distraction here?”
“I thought about it too,” says Dean, cutting Cas off before he can say something biting the both of them are going to regret. “Uh, when you were gonna go on that date with the gas station lady, when you were human. I was pretty sure, if things were different, I coulda told you not to go in there. That I coulda gotten you in the backseat instead. With me. I mean I never would have done it, but I thought about it for a second. You couldn’t know that. Didn’t exactly have your mojo handy.”
“You aren’t going to hurt Naomi with this ploy. And even if you were, that’s not what matters,” Castiel said. “You tell me day in and day out that the state is manipulative and lies to its citizens. What right do you have to malign them? You used me, you self righteous, hypocritical fucking prick.”
“I know,” says Eileen. “But you don’t have to, Sam. We could call someone else. Look for another hunt. Take a vacation. Go get Dean and head back to Kansas. You have options.”
Castiel hated it, but he could see his father’s sharp blue eyes reflected back at him from Chuck. The same eyes he saw everyday in the mirror. It wasn’t so much he didn’t believe Chuck, as he wanted to pummel him for having the audacity to exist.
“You didn’t have to say that you told me so when I admitted I got played,” Dean shouts at him. “You didn’t have to condescend down your freakishly big fucking nose at me. Like I was an idiot. You could’ve heard me out. Any one of you could have heard me out.”
Maggie and Corbett had both taken the loss very hard. But while Maggie had used the pain as a way to strengthen her resolve in the fight against the state, Corbett had just… broken. It got to the point that he was only on active duty because Maggie, Risa, and Dean insisted he could do it against increasing doubts from everyone else.
Jack has also been banned from helping, and sits by the folding table set up with food that was left out as a perk for helping complete a major construction project. Alex would complain, but unfortunately the veggie burgers Dean made are really good, even as they start to go cold. She has decided not to help at this particular time, because as someone trying to get into nursing school, she doesn’t have time for a horrible injury.
Cas waited a moment for a response from Charlie. When none was forthcoming, he took a deep breath and pried the elevator doors open the rest of the way. Then he lit a match and tossed it behind him, leaping for cover as quickly as he could manage.
“Cas,” said Jo, alerted to his presence by the sudden lack of conversation. “Want something to drink?”
“You’re alive,” says Dean, before anyone else can. Crowley smiles. Cas thinks of any manner of things he could say to wipe that self satisfied smirk off Crowley’s face and then decides not to say any of them. Decides it is enough to know he could have. Besides, he knows Dean has remained fond of Crowley, to a certain extent. There’s no reason to stir trouble when they have finally found themselves on the same page.
Naomi frowned a little, but nodded to herself. She circled around them once, taking stock of him and Jo. She stopped in front of Castiel once more.
‘I’m just afraid of being alone,’ she signs. She hesitates before continuing, her body hunching in on itself a little. ‘That’s why I’m okay. No more afterlife. Fine. There wasn’t a good one for me anyway. I’d always be alone. Like I was in Hell.’
“Cas,” Dean says. He reaches out to touch Cas’ face and his heart jumps when Cas clutches at his hand, not to push him away but to hold him. Dean leans closer, resting his forehead against Cas’ neck. “Please say something?”
Guttur itself was as bustling as Ira, but much more packed. Even in the back alleys Risa and Bille favored while getting close and closer to the heart of the city, people were everywhere. The streets were full of reinforced tents that served as the standard home for most citizens. Mixed among these were backstreet food carts and peddlers. Castiel knew the main streets were even more cramped, and personal space was a nonexistent concept among the poor of Guttur.
There was a reason Charlie was the only person in camp besides Sam with a pet. They might be technically allowed among resistance members, but it was definitely more of a luxury than a right. There were, of course, guard dogs, but Castiel hardly counted those. Even if Gordon did seem overly fond of his, and liked to train him to growl at people he didn’t like.
He almost smiled when she folded, leaving only Castiel and Risa left. Cas pushed half of the remainder of his previous winnings into the center, causing the cocky smile on Risa’s face to slip just a fraction. She hadn’t won as much as he had, and she’d have to go all in if she wanted to finish this round with him. Risa looked down at what she had managed to win already and Castiel could see the moment when she decided to cut her losses and fold rather than risk losing everything.
“I do wish I’d seen it,” said Benny. “Maybe he finally knocked Gordon’s head on straight. I still can’t believe Dean let him stay on as captain after what he tried to do to Trisha.”
And just like that, Eileen feels the anxiety crawling up her insides to fade a little. She knows where to go from here. How to get Sam back. And if she can’t do that, well… If nothing else, she can make sure Chuck has one hell of a shiner for her troubles.
“That was petty,” she told him, as they walked. “And I thought you might save that story for more than a few hours.”
A mother Castiel had not much missed, but had been glad to carry parts of. To carry the faith she had given him as a gift.
“It doesn’t matter,” she said. “The Resistance can’t win without us. I know you know that. I know you’ve used that fact in your favor because otherwise there is no way General Winchester would have let you within a mile of her son after what you pulled in Superbia. We can bargain a surrender. That is the only way we’re gonna stop what happened in Libidine from happening everywhere. It’s not that the Resistance is bad. Bad people are everywhere, just waiting for a vacuum in power so they can be the ones to pull the strings. If the Resistance can get them there, that’s what they’ll use.”
“So,” says the man. “You must be the famous Dean Winchester. The stories I’ve heard about you, they used to keep me and Ella up at night.”
Castiel nodded and subtly pointed out the seven he could see on the street they were walking down alone. Two were stationed in front of the doors of a market, and several others were inconspicuously monitoring the rest of the street. Lydia noted them and let her eyes easily move past them so they didn’t draw notice.
“And I know you’re gonna say I’m only saying this because I’m fucked up, and you think I’m trying to pull something out of my ass to make you feel better. Trust me, I might have issues but I’m not gonna lie through my teeth just so your ego doesn’t take a hit. I’m not you,” says Dean. Cas’s eyes narrow in indignation, because how dare Dean say that about him. Even if it’s not strictly untrue. “Don’t go all squinty eyes at me. You lie to me about me all the time. It’s basically a hobby.”
“…your responsibility. Think you can handle that?” Dean finished. Selma nodded seriously, conveying utter confidence in her ability to deliver whatever Dean had asked of her. Castiel wished he had been paying attention to what exactly Dean thought he was going to get up to that was so troublesome. Then again, it didn’t really matter. He had, by some strange luck, stumbled into exactly what he needed. A new friend and a job that would make it easier to meet more people and gain their trust. His mission was progressing well, and he was glad for it.
“She’ll get to keep him,” Jack said wistfully. Castiel looked at him. The loss of his mother was a deeper wound than Cas could see being acceptable in a state soldier, especially one so young. He couldn’t imagine why they would let Jack climb the ranks so quickly without reason, and yet Cas couldn’t find any. “Or her. Or them.”
“I didn’t do it on purpose,” said Castiel gently. Selma sighed, looking off into the distance. “And I still love her, it’s just different now. She was my commander, she’ll always be one of the most important people in my life. I just… she doesn’t need to be the only important person in my life.”
Finally he’s dragged into a small room covered in telephone wires and computer screens, almost every inch of space taken up by junky tech pieced together with the kind of tenacity and ingenuity that would be impressive if the guy who had done it hadn’t just knocked Dean very hard over the head. Dean has the presence of mind to notice that Claire is tied up and gagged to one of the support beams in the rooms, but appears to still be breathing. Conrad and Kaia are nowhere in sight, but Dean figures they’re probably regrouping nearby. Hopefully, at least. Because as stupid as it was for Dean to drive out and try to save Claire alone, he hadn’t figured he would fuck up this badly, this quickly. At least, he thought he’d be able to stall for time.
“I might have one story,” Castiel said, trying to ignore the warm feeling he got when he saw Jo start smirking at him in quiet pride for participating. “There were two men in my garrison, Balthazar and Uriel, and they… frequently didn’t get along one might say. Balthazar was, and I mean this kindly, a sarcastic ass and Uriel didn’t appreciate the competition for funniest soldier in the garrison. I might have… done something I shouldn’t have to Uriel’s rations and naturally he thought Balthazar had done it. Balthazar didn’t bother to correct him, because he thought it was funny how angry Uriel became, and without anyone quite knowing what was happening, the entire situation devolved into a series of tricks the two decided to play on each other.”
“Fictional books are unlawful,” Castiel recited immediately. “They offer falsehoods as a distraction from duty to the state and have no educational value.”
“Which is why,” Dean says, interrupting again and hoping that Cas will just let him finish. “I’m even more sorry now. Because I think you have a choice to make, and you’re not gonna like either of the options. You said you’re not supposed to be here, you’re not supposed to save me, but this is the third time my number’s been up in as many cases, so I can’t shake the feeling someone has it out for me. And if it’s who I think it is, they’re sure as shit not gonna let you back down here for attempt number four. But even if I can’t be what you want Cas, I will pick you if you pick me.”
“I really can just sit on the stairs,” said Cas, when Benny and Jo were on the fifth round of arguing about the proper use of radios and their relative positions within the non-hierarchy that was Dean’s militia (technically Benny outranked Jo, but in reality Dean let Jo do whatever the hell she wanted).
“Yes, ma’am,” said Trisha, a touch too enthusiastically to be genuine. Risa sighed at her, but waved at everyone to collect what they needed for the night and then started walking off with Billie. Everyone followed behind her, and Castiel found himself trailing at the end of the group.
“But you can’t come with me just because I want it,” says Cas miserably. “Or because you think you can- Love isn’t another axis of control to wield over me. It can’t be that.”
“I didn’t think Billie would use her blind wife as a shield,” said Dean back, making Pamela frown and pat his cheek a little harder than necessary. “What the fuck is going on Pamela?”
Cas wasn’t sure he liked the phrasing, but he nodded anyway. He watched with great interest as Dean kissed his way lower and reached for Cas’ belt. Cas felt himself go very still.
“Sam?” she calls out. She won’t hear an answer if there is one, but she doesn’t know what else to do. So she sits on the ground and stares at the ruined hotel room.
Except when Sam looks over at Dean, he has a look on his face. Like he’s just figured something out that’s been bothering him. Sam raises an eyebrow at him, silently asking what it is. Dean catches the look, but just looks away from Sam. As if he’s ashamed of something. It’s not the first time Dean’s had a secret he didn’t want Sam to know, but the last time he got so quiet about something… well that had been a lifetime ago it feels like. Back when he’d first gotten back from Hell and he’d tried to live with what he’d done there.
Castiel looked over his shoulder towards Ambriel who looked like she wanted to be sick when she looked back at him. She quickly confirmed her intention to follow through with Naomi’s orders, then left to find Inias. Castiel turned back towards Naomi.
“No, it’s just. If the reasons weren’t there. If my life were ordinary. I think I would still be sad,” Cas wasn’t bothering to speak in complete sentences anymore. This wasn’t a conversation he should be having with Meg. Dean, maybe, or Garth, certainly. But not with someone who was as ill equipped to lead a life outside a narrowly assigned role as he was. Meg seemed to realize this too, and looked a little regretful that she had gone poking where she shouldn’t have.
After five dreading slow minutes, Dean finally reaches the door to the interrogation room, only to see that the door has been opened.
The closer he comes to the interrogation room, the slower he walks, not wanting to be reminded of the traumatic events he had to witness, and the self hate, because he didn’t reciprocate to Cas’ confession.
“Interesting,” Cas said, frowning to himself. Dean’s brother was important to him, Cas knew that. Essential to him even. And it was true that Dean had assigned Sam as his second in command, but Cas was still convinced that was nepotism more than anything. “Who do you trust most?”
“Don’t mention it,” said Maggie, sitting down on one of the beds next to Corbett, who was his usual quiet self. He didn’t seem entirely happy that Castiel had been reassigned, though he was being more neutral than the obviously perturbed Maggie. So they were in agreement then, that what was happening didn’t make any sense.
“I’m going to go talk to Risa,” said Jo, ignoring Castiel’s wide eyed and silent plea that she not leave him alone. She shrugged at him and left, after which Dean made escape all but impossible by stepping closer before Castiel could think of some excuse to leave.
He hadn’t told her the information Kelly had shared with him, yet. He wasn’t sure exactly why, only that he had some sense it would sound accusatory. And perhaps it was. He had no idea how involved General Winchester had been in the seizure of Libidine. It could be her very plan Kelly had described to him.
“Harriet’s going to make it,” she said. Castiel blinked in confusion at her until he remembered. He never had removed the med kit he’d taped to his back, so they must have found it whenever they’d undressed him and put him into the disposable clothes he was wearing now. “Boris would kill Crookshanks and face the full force of Charlie’s wrath if you asked. He was practically in tears yesterday when he was on his shift watching you.”
“No,” said Castiel, just as Anna’s fingertips started to trail down his neck. He ignored her. “Unfortunately.”
“We’ll cross that bridge if we come to it,” says Jack, and he sounds earnest. “In the meantime I have universes to rebuild and it’s not easy. Actually, it’s like trying to build a house of cards in six dimensions during an earthquake. So I have to focus on that. But I don’t think we’ll have any more issues in the meantime, right?”
“You can fix him,” he says to her. It is the only reason she would be here, he reasons to himself. He suspects that this may yet be part of Billie’s game. At least part of her plan depended on his need to save the man he loves. He can only hope the remainder of it is counting on those same motivations. Unlike Dean or Sam or Eileen, the idea of being a pawn had long since failed to bother him. Any choice he made was a choice he would have been denied if fate had played out the way it was meant to. He is grateful for that, and he is deliberate in choosing for himself, even when he knows he is at the mercy of someone else’s machinations. They are still his thoughts, his feelings, his wants and needs and hopes. “Help him.”
“Jesus fucking Christ, I am not sleeping with Cas,” said Jo, anger back with a vengeance. She took two quick steps forward and dragged Charlie forward into a kiss. Charlie’s hands immediately went around Jo’s neck. A few seconds later Jo pulled back.
“I have something to bet after all,” he said, offering up a pleasant smile. “I will still share any winnings with you, Jessica, if you would still like me to play for you.”
“With all due respect,” said Risa, her voice lacking any respect at all. “We could bang out a deal. You help us now, we help you later. Once the state’s under our control, we’ll commit resources to you overtaking East Canada.”
He played a few rounds and got a firmer sense of each player, even winning one of the next five. That was around when a rather rowdy group of people started crowding around the table and distracting everyone momentarily from the game. Castiel looked up, expecting to see only Risa and Jason Tran, and surprised when he noticed Dean and Benny had accompanied them.
“Deal’s off,” said Dean, unnecessarily. Castiel managed to yank him off his feet before the shooting started.
The answer to that came when a man’s torn off arm landed a few feet from them. Castiel stared at it in a disassociated kind of horror. When he turned around he saw Kelly taking out each guard person by person, dodging the bullets from both sides. Gordon and Benny stopped shooting and ducked down as they watched her in awe, and not the good kind.
And so, for the first time since who knows how long, Dean smiles to himself. Really smiles. Because, hey, if nothing else he’s free to damn himself this time. Who says that doesn’t make a difference?
Ellen left after Hannah and Balthazar arrived, having heard he was awake again. They stayed for hours as other members of his garrison drifted in and out. Castiel apologized for breaking Balthazar's nose, which was waved off as "An accident I'm sure, Cassie." Uriel stopped by very briefly, and luckily Benjamin was there for Uriel to bounce off of and prevent any awkwardness. Hael curiously perused the books at Castiel’s bed side and asked him careful questions about them. He hid a smile as Hael peeked through the book of poems, seemingly enthralled with them.
Ash knew. His eyes were as mistrustful as everyone in the resistance Castiel had ever met have ever been. He walked with a slouch and his body language spoke to being relaxed even if his expression betrayed a certain amount of tension.
Cas was just the slightest bit biased in agreeing that that was a very good idea, even though he would never do it himself.
“Alright?” he prompts hesitantly. Dean sighs, his hand scraping across his face and swinging out wildly as if that is a point all on its own. It’s not. Then he puts his hand down on Cas’ thigh, and Cas can feel every muscle in the body he is wearing freeze all at once. He wants to snap at Dean to stop, again. He wants to see what exactly Dean intends on doing.
“Then take something else,” says Dean. Cas grits his teeth. Somewhere Dean knows this couldn’t be going more badly, but he’s so past caring it’s not even a little funny. “Not a deal then. Vows. That romantic enough for you, Castiel?”
“You’ve been loyal,” she said, her tone suggesting she isn’t sure that’s quite the right way to put it. “To the state. Always to the state, though. I listened to your conversation with Samandriel several times, and it occurred to me he thought you were lying about something. Considering the resistance has summarily rejected you, I can’t help but think you’ve managed to be disloyal to me somehow.”
Sam turns to Amara now, who watches her brother (not her brother? Sam’s still a little confused on how that all works) flee with thinly veiled distaste. Though, in all honesty, Sam’s a little surprised Amara isn’t making her own hurried, if more dignified, way towards the nearest exit.
“It is my fault,” says Cas. “I sided with Jack. Always. I… I had such faith in him, and it blinded me. And as ever, someone else paid the price.”
“You aren’t scraping your way out of this one,” Ephraim confirmed, eyes trained on Castiel. “If you come quietly, we’ll-“
He’s shocked out of his reverie when Dean comes upon him, covered in motor oil and too handsome for his own good. Cas gets the sense Dean has come looking, for him or for something else. Some part he can strip from a car maybe. He’s out of his way, at least. Still, his face lights up when he sees Cas holding his carrier.
Cas took out the envelope Risa had given him and passed it over to Ellen. She opened it and scanned it quickly, her face growing grim as she read.
“No one’s up there,” said Aaron to her. “It’s Mary, Joshua, and Dean. That’s it. Everyone else is on lockdown, barring any kind of emergency.”
“Please don’t,” Castiel said, staring right at him. “Promise you won’t do that, no matter how bad it gets.”
And how the tables turned. Rosali frowned and actually looked at him then. She studied his face and then grinned, obviously taking her own enjoyment at his embarrassment. Karma, Castiel supposed, had never been his friend.
“The city changes management instead of being defeated,” Castiel had said. “The resistance accept the change and-“
But soon enough Amara was assigning them all beds and telling them to sleep. She checked Dean’s vitals, and brought out an oxygen machine to make sure he was getting enough, but otherwise declared him mostly fine as long as he didnt’ strain himself. Her eyes also lingered a little too long on Dean, something that made Cas tense up with a surprising amount of anger. It wasn’t as though he didn’t know that Dean was attractive, and many people found him so. Hell, Cas was on reasonably good terms with several people who had been with Dean or would be if given the chance. Well, not Gordon, but that was for other reasons entirely. Perhaps it was because she was his sister, Cas realized with a start. His sister should not be looking at his… partner that way. She just shouldn’t.
Sam’s expression shifted subtly into one of slight embarrassment before he recounted what happened next.
They reached Harvelle’s as Castiel thought about this, and as soon as they got in, Crookshanks started yowling at all of them. She tried to use her claws to climb up Castiel’s pants, which was a mite painful.
“…we are going to win this war,” said Joshua. “Because we must. We are tired, we are angry, and we want this incredible world we live in to change for the better. Remember why you’re fighting, and rising up to fight another day will not be a burden, but a privilege.”
But then Dean came for them, and Castiel was given a blessed break from having to explain himself, and defend his decisions and walk the line between truth and lies when recounting his story. It was a relief to see Dean again, and it was likely mutual. When Dean entered the cabin Castiel and the two dozen others were staying in, he pulled Cas into a short but affectionate hug. Cas was so surprised he made no move to return the gesture, but he noticed the reaction among some of his garrison anyway. Balthazar in particular was looking between him and Dean as though he had just solved a particularly vexing puzzle. Cas determined at that point there would be no talking to Balthazar for the foreseeable future.
“Claire was in trouble. Jody wasn’t around,” Dean seems to settle on. Sam snorts derisively, because that is so not a good excuse. Eileen is staring at him, obviously struggling to follow the insane conversation they’re having. He signs at her quickly, promising to explain. She nods, but keeps watching his lips for now. Dean in the meantime has latched on to a new piece of ammo to use in their argument. “And hey, now that I am checking my messages, were you gonna mention the whole dying thing? Because it seems like you kinda downplayed that part.”
“Wow. Breaking news,” said Dean. Cas floundered for something else to say and he didn’t know why it mattered so much but it did. For most of the other people he had suspected, he might have been able to approach it as a matter of curiosity. But Gordon seemed almost to be the antithesis of who Castiel himself was. It felt like a slap in the face.
Then they hear a loud thump from the trunk. Eileen shakes with silent laughter, bordering on some emotion a little more complicated than that. Then she composes herself, and steps back, drinking in his face.
“Makes sense,” said Lydia. “Benny’s too soft to stay pissed at you for distracting our leader the slightest bit.”
“Yours,” says Dean after a moment. “I hope you don’t mind all the gate crashers. Billie gave us a head’s up you were on your way in and no one wanted to miss seeing you get here.”
There was a moment in which Cas thought Meg might say something snarky about this. In fact he could see the snide remark on her lips before it died, and she let out a deep breath instead. As if it were something she were working on. As if she had taken a moment to think about how he might react and had decided not to poke at a sensitive spot. It was an effort for her. Cas didn’t know why she bothered, but he was glad that she did.
“You are stupid. It’s really fucking cute, sometimes,” Dean muttered. Cas shoved him away, breaking a hug that had been going on entirely too long anyway. And hadn’t felt nice at all, as far as Cas would admit to out loud. “What?”
His eyes sparkled with the old joke, and Castiel felt dull pain beneath his ribs as he looked at the people around him. Gabriel had said the state made them close on purpose, and God how they had succeeded. These people were closer than family to him, and as long as they were out of sight, his doubts had room to flourish. But now every action he was to take seemed like another step he would be taking from the people who surrounded him.
Cas takes his phone with him everywhere now. The flashlight is useful when it gets dark, and Dean worries less. They don’t talk about it, though. Not really.
“Sam wanted a dog. I got too nervous when we tried to adopt one though. If it was behind me and I couldn’t see it,” she signs back. “Compromise.”
“I’ve been informed,” he did, telling himself he had nothing to be ashamed of. Dean was actively working against everything he believed in. And he didn’t know this man. Still the pool of guilt grew as Dean grinned at him, clapped him on the shoulder, and told Castiel to let him know if Benny gave him anymore trouble.
“You’ve got kind eyes,” said Kelly. “And you helped me when no one else would. And even if none of that was true, you’re my best shot of making that bastard pay for what he did to me. So yes, I trust you.”
Cas feels his eyes narrow. He wants to give himself distance from this conversation. In fact he wishes he could find it in himself to simply shut down the rush of emotions he feels every time Dean says something he doesn’t expect. It’s too much to feel at once, and he is reminded why as much as he always loved Dean, they often found themselves at odds. It’s as if they never really learned how to speak the same language. But not for lack of trying on either of their parts.
They move out pretty quick once Jody, Alex, and Patience get there with the makeshift stretcher. Alex splints Dean’s leg and then they’re on the move. Claire thinks maybe she’s imagining the awkwardness on Cas’ part when she sees him roll his eyes as Dean asks them all to make sure his doctor gives him the good stuff. Claire shrugs it off and decides to ask Kaia about it later. She’s always pretty good at the emotional stuff. Better than Claire is at least.
“Yeah, don’t sell me that. This is a power play,” said Dean. “You don’t want to get rid of the state, you want to be in charge of it. Or are we gonna pretend that it wasn’t state soldiers tailing us the second we got here. Weird how they knew we were coming, even though all your radio signals are jammed.”
“If that’s what you want,” said Mortimer calmly. Castiel was surprised by how unbothered he looked. “You may go now.”
“That the roundabout way of saying fuck off?” Dean asks. Cas’ frown deepens again. “Or that I’m right?”
“I know,” Cas said, offering his hand and letting her crush it in hers. “But you’re going to be fine. Just hold on-“
“You deal with both Canadas?” asked Cas. Charlie nodded. “I can see Crowley’s frustration then. You’re making him look bad by working with his enemies, and expecting his loyalty anyway.”
“That’s a good way of looking at it,” says Jack, lighting up with a sunny smile. “Do you think we will? Do good?”
Jack is being considerate. He is letting Castiel explain himself. Instead of taking the opportunity, however, Cas finds himself gritting his teeth. There is nothing really to explain. Something terrible happened and Castiel fixed it. Against God’s suggestions. Orders. Cas isn’t sure what to call them. Jack isn’t a figurehead in the way Chuck was. He largely leaves the universe to itself, and because of that he largely leaves Cas to himself.
“I don’t think my company is worth so much that she won’t get over it,” Castiel said. Selma didn’t disagree.
“If you had eyes, you wouldn’t resort to threatening torture so quickly,” said Cas, managing a bored and dismissive tone. “You heard an explosion, investigated and then found a prisoner missing. Obviously there was a rescue mission that you failed to intercept. They’ve likely already left the building. The chances of catching them are decreasing by the second and you’re going to torture me, as though that’s a good use of your time.”
“Shoot me in the leg,” said Cas. “I need a reason to be coming back to Naomi, and I never reported an injury I received just before the New Year, which might raise suspicions if it’s ever discovered. Two birds, one stone.”
“I understand,” Castiel confirmed. Naomi dismissed both him and Meg after this. Cas was glad she had kept his further instructions short, and only asked Meg to give Castiel the small clicker she had been using to keep in touch with Superbia while at camp. He knew Morse code, of course, and now had a direct line to Naomi if he needed clarification on anything or to share information without returning to Superbia.
Dean stops Cas’ hands from fidgeting and lights the cigarette for him. He guides Cas’ hands to Cas’ lips and waits until Cas takes a deep inhale to let go. to his surprise, Cas catches one of Dean’s hands before it can fall. His long fingers circle around Dean’s wrist in a way that feels restraining enough that Dean’s first impulse is to yank his hand away. Cas lets go, but Dean knows he knows.
Garth had suggested they switch up the driving arrangements on the third day, in order to better get to know each other, and Cas had figured this was a fine enough idea. That was of course before a sullen Charlie had ceded the passenger side seat to him, and Dean had spent the entire day’s drive pestering him about the barely listenable music he’d had Ash restore for the out of date CD player that had been welded into the front of the car.
“Dean,” says Cas, his eyes also flicking to everyone else in the room. He too seems self conscious under observation. Jack wonders how this conversation would go if they were alone. It’s clear to him they are afraid to speak their minds with an audience. Then again, maybe they’re like that all the time. It occurs to Jack for the first time how very flawed both of them are. He doesn’t like it, really. Having to think about it.
“I don’t need an angry horde of dead Winchesters poking at the interdimensional glue that holds the multiverse together. The Empty sleeps, and everyone wins,” she says. He raises an eyebrow. “And you did say you would owe me a favor.”
“He’s half the problem,” says Dean grimly. “As long as I’m around he’s just gonna keep- I know you know what it feels like. To lose someone you… to lose someone and know it’s your fault. Go do it five or six times in a decade and get back to me on just how fucking normal that kind of grief feels.”
“Do I have to play?” Cas asked at last. Jo shook her head. “Fine. But I don’t want to talk to anyone.”
“Wasn’t I?” he asked, looking back. “For a while? Because I was safe to fall for. I wasn’t supposed to actually do anything about it though, was I?”
“Trust me?” says Dean. “I’m not… Jesus Christ, it’s not like I was gonna hate crime my best friend. Not like I would hate crime anyone, for the record.”
“Peace on Earth or whatever,” she said. It took a moment to realize that despite her sarcastic cadence, she was being sincere. And it took another to remember that Dean Winchester had killed her father in cold blood, and here she was helping him with a rescue mission for more people who would have no problem killing her in cold blood. And that’s when Cas understood that Meg wasn’t an enemy, anymore. She was just another person, chewed up and spit out by the system she had placed her faith in. Just another person trying their best to find something better, or create it if they had to.
“I don’t care either way,” said Charlie. “I mean, I care about Dean and I care about you, because you’re my friends. But in the grand scheme of things whether or not the two of you work out does not crack the top 500 of my priorities. What I do care about is knowing if you are making a play for it, you’re not going to leave Dean mangled in the aftermath. If you can’t imagine anything good in the future with him, no matter how unlikely you think that future is, then you need to end it. He deserves better than that. So do you.”
“Yeah you played that one close to the chest,” Dean says, and his voice sounds strange, as if he’s having trouble swallowing correctly. “Always the quiet ones.”
Harvelle’s looked to be some sort of bar that reminded Castiel very much of Light’s Out Bar. He wondered if Ellen and Kali knew each other. If Ellen was Jo’s mother, she had likely at least heard of the other woman, as Kali provided them with a good deal of their alcohol in return for services rendered. What most of these services were, Castiel still wasn’t privy to.
“And how about you?” Mary says, ignoring Cas’ rudeness. He doesn’t want to be short with her, but he doesn’t know who is listening or if whatever is letting her see him right now is something connecting her to Jack too. And he worries, despite himself that if Jack finds out that Dean is supposed to be dead it will force his hand. He won’t get involved, but that doesn’t mean he won’t correct one of Castiel’s mistakes. Rearrange time so that reality plays out as it should have.
“C’mon. You think it’s an accident that the state has you guys training together before you’re old enough to know much more than your ABCs?” asked Gabriel, his tone a little too biting for Castiel’s comfort. “We get you young, make you dependent on each other, limit any contact you can have with citizens, especially romantic contact, and then tell all of you that if you break a rule we’ll kill you. Trust me, we knew what we were doing. The defect rate is zero, because anyone who’s disillusioned enough to leave usually just swallows their gun.”
It felt how Castiel might imagine ice spreading through his veins. It wasn’t cold so much as numbing. All of his senses dulled, and Naomi’s voice shone through the gloom as a singular beacon of light. Every word she said pressed itself into his mind, and his own thoughts fell aside, meaningless.
“Fine,” says Sam. “You’re sick of outliving the rest of us, I get it. I lost Mom too. And Dad. And we could be standing here all day talking about everyone we’ve lost but… But that’s life. And not even our shitty lives, that’s just what happens. To normal people, even. And I’m not saying it’s not hard, Dean, but are you really telling me it hasn’t been worth it, getting the years you’ve gotten? What, you wish you never met Jody? Or Charlie? Mom? Cas?”
“-discarded of the housewife, quaint or broken. A new Sévres pleases, old ones crack,” Dean paused here, and Castiel wondered if he was reading his notes. The words he had scrawled beside the poem, one he had spent no small amount of time on. In retrospect, it wasn’t a surprise this was a page Dean would open up to. The spines of books have memories and they tend to open to pages that are lingered on.
“It doesn’t creep me out,” Dean says defensively. Maybe too defensively. She smirks at him. “Shut up, Smash.”
It occurred to Dean that after ten years of doomsdays he should really have realized that God was, if nothing else, a complete and total asshole. There had always been a certain amount of evil in apathy, an evil that had prevented Dean from packing up his life and ignoring the things that go bump in the night. Because quitting, retiring, however you wanted to frame that, it was an active choice not to help others. But there was something more wicked in schadenfreude, a line that went beyond what was moral or immoral. Maybe that was the purview of gods, but he wasn’t much interested in the justification of it all.
“I can blame you for placing children in danger,” said Castiel. “I have to give them accurate information that isn’t harmful. I assume you’ve been keeping them in areas I’m not allowed in. I’ve made assumptions about each of these areas and might advise on whether or not to raid them. Your safety precautions could get you killed.”
“You’re still working for them,” she said plaintively. “And you want to lecture me about having a baby I want.”
This seemed to satisfy Naomi. For the first time since the conversation had started, she seemed to relax slightly. Castiel had the feeling he had passed some sort of test.
“So,” Cas said finally. Claire’s only sign she was paying attention was a slight tensing in her shoulders. Cas went on, trying not to feel intimidated by someone over a decade and a half his junior. “Is it hard to be here again? Without your friends?”
“I can’t see what happens in that room,” Patience says. “Or what happens after but… when Jack gets here. He has to follow you. He doesn’t always… you can’t let him get distracted.”
“It’s a gift and a curse,” said Benny. “I gotta admit I cut him slack, even when I shouldn’t. Then again… someone has to. You, Sam, the soldier, Bobby, Mary, yada yada, y’all are always busting his balls.”
“Oh I get it,” Dean said after a second of silence. “You’re trying to pick a fight. That’s fun. Any particular reason why?”
“What are you even going to do?” he asks incredulously. “You heard what Billie said, hunting isn’t gonna be the same. If we have to hunt at all.”
“I thought it was important this information not be widely known,” said Castiel, pushing against the distance that Dean seemed to be trying to keep him at. “But if you’d rather I not use my better judgment-“
Castiel almost said yes so he could continue asking questions, but the warning glare he got from Boris had him snapping his mouth shut and shaking his head.
And Cas is ripped open, as if he hadn’t been already. But the things that spill out are not guts or blood or even his still beating heart. What slips out are secrets.
“Oh, does he?” asked Lydia. Castiel was glad to see she was once more at ease with him now that she knew he wasn’t going to make any sort of advances on her. He thought for what must be the umpteenth time it would be so much easier to operate in an environment where everyone was off limits and there could be no misunderstandings. “Is Gordon being that awful to you?”
Then again, just because he wasn’t a fool didn’t mean he couldn’t be fooled. When they reached the top floor, only Dean, Benny, and Gordon were allowed through with the hostages and only after disarming themselves and being patted down by the guards at the door. No one searched Castiel or Kelly, however.
Cas wondered if Dean was always like this. If so, he could understand the sheer number of partners Dean was reputed to have. Who could turn away from a smile so blinding?
“Yes,” Cas repeated, more vehemently this time. “This can’t be a surprise. You’re excellent at reading people and I have been… compromised for a long time.”
Dean was good, Castiel would admit. He was quick on his feet, and a creative thinker when it came to fighting. The fight lasted even longer than the match with Dorothy had lasted, each of them just avoiding going down multiple times. Cas knew at this point he could probably let Dean win and Dean would accept it, but for the moment at least it was like something had been lit inside of him and he didn’t want the feeling to go away. Not just yet.
Amara makes herself known before Jack can process what Billie has just asked him. Has just accused him of being. No better than the old God. Because he isn’t. No one is.
“Dean and Benny got separated from the rest of us,” Hael informed them both as Claire continued to unlock doors. Rosali, Wendy, and Garth were the next to emerge, along with a young woman about Claire’s age. The next few doors revealed Garth, who smiled dopily at the rest of them as if he had known it was going to work out all along, and a man and a woman who seemed to be brother and sister by their similar appearances. The Libidinians crowded around each other, obviously recognizing each other.
“Right,” says Dean. He’s not entirely convinced. More than one conversation, more than one instance of Sam saying something that didn’t sit quite right came back to him. He doesn’t bring them up, but those moments seem to hang in the air uncomfortably between them anyway. “He wasn’t ever going to tell me, was he?”
“You really think you’re brave,” he said softly in Castiel’s ear. “Naomi told me all about you. The sad business with Anael, your failed attempts at earning a pardon and returning to your garrison, your little tryst with my old friend, Dean. It’s all very interesting. Very tragic.”
Kaia reached out and took the letter from her. Claire nodded her thanks and permission for Kaia to read what it said.
Kaia runs at the crocotta first, swift and sure despite her injury. Her staff blurs through the air as she spins it, meeting the Grigori sword midair. She’s forced to step back to defend herself from the crocotta’s next attack, but Cas has already closed in as back up. The crocotta spins, sword stopping Cas’ blade before he can sink it into the crocotta’s neck. In the space between heartbeats, Cas and Kaia recover and attack again in unison, but the crocotta ducks.
“You’d think,” Charlie muttered while stroking Crookshanks, who had migrated to her lap. Wise decision, Castiel thought to the cat. Charlie was less likely to accidentally dislodge the animal. “So I have boring computer stuff to do today. Why don’t you stretch your legs? Jo said she’d be willing to take you around.”
“Sometimes things don’t work out,” he’d said then. “They can’t. People realize it’s just not how shit is going to go down, and that’s okay. Other stuff wins out. They knew how they felt. That was enough.”
There’s no room for Dean there, or at least not the Dean he is now. He watches from the doorway as an angel reconstructs a skeleton. He weaves meat onto bone and sews on patches of skin, piece by piece. He looks peaceful doing it, methodical. Dean watches in morbid fascination as the stitches disappear behind the angel’s handiwork, leaving the skin unblemished. Cas paints over the years of endless abuse, too alien to know what he’s doing, what it means.
“You don’t like spending time with your old man, huh?” came a much deeper voice. Castiel very nearly tripped over himself when he realized it was Dean’s.
At this point in time, Dean Winchester had spent two years in subtle attempts to convince Joanna Harvelle that she was in love with him. Jo had no actual need of convincing, because in fact this was very true. Despite this, Jo had spent the past two years in subtle attempts to convince Dean Winchester that he was not in love with her, something she was, at present, wrong about. It is with this in mind that Dean went to the market in search of some exotic gift to win over Jo Harvelle’s heart.
“Yeah, I think so,” said Selma. “Though you would probably be more qualified to say at this point than me. I know Jo much better than Charlie.”
“There’s no shame in asking for help,” said Garth. “Or admitting that you need it. If we were in a fight with twenty guys, I wouldn’t make you sit out while I took them all on. If you’re… emotionally being beaten up by twenty guys, I can have your back.”
“Only when you do it,” Castiel said, actually surprising a fairly hearty laugh out of Benny. Gordon looked like he was going to start something up again, but before he could manage, one of the people at his side spoke over him.
“You were good at this,” Castiel said, knowing he was stating the obvious. Sam frowned at him but nodded. “But you left.”
Once he was done vomiting, Cas was rolled carefully back into place, and he looked up and recognized Dr. Newman standing over him and taking his pulse. An IV was attached to one of his arms, and every inch of him hurt.
He didn’t particularly want to “take a walk” with Benny, but whatever was about to happen, Cas was sure he thoroughly deserved it. Dean would probably be upset if his right hand man beat Cas up and left him for dead on the streets of Libidine, and Claire was unlikely to keep Cas’ last known whereabouts a secret, but part of Cas hoped that Benny did not care about either of these things. He was hoping at the very least Benny would hit him. Someone should.
Claire turned around, desperately trying to think of something that would buy her time. Coming up with nothing, she decided to wing it.
It took a moment for the words to settle and for Castiel to be able to do anything with them, because he was now much farther from Superbia than he had planned to be. It might take two or three days travel to get back while still avoiding state forces. Which meant it was likely he had been unconscious that long. That, or Charlie and Jo had found some sort of identification papers that meant they could travel on the main roads.
“Wow, I never thought I’d meet someone worse than Tamara about getting injured,” said Sam, grinning to himself at Castiel’s response. Dean raised his eyebrows at his brother. “What? It’s true.”
He walked to the end of the hallway of whatever floor he was on (he couldn’t remember visiting Dr. Newman when he’d been in Ira before) and then turned around to go the the other way, figuring he would manage the walk without being caught.
“I don’t know,” said Cas. “Maybe because the people I actually care about, the people who are as close to me as brothers or sisters might be, will die when we invade Superbia and it’s at least in part my fault. Maybe I’m like this because every time I try to help you, someone or something takes away more of my will and sanity. Maybe I’m like this because you are a contradictory dickhead who won’t stop confusing me about what’s right and what’s wrong, and I don’t even know how to hate you for it. And on top of it all, now you think you love me? Go fuck yourself, Dean.”
“It took him only one year to convince you to help him escape?” asked Cas. “How exactly did that happen?”
Dean feels like he’s losing his fucking mind. He just stares and stares and tries not to think too hard about it, because if he does he thinks he might just walk into the fucking ocean. Or something along those lines.
“I dream about him,” Dean said back, hollowly. He wasn’t looking at Cas anymore. He wasn’t looking at anything. “How am I supposed to get rid of that? How is that supposed to go away now?”
Castiel felt something lurch in his stomach at the quiet, unassuming voice. Anyone else, he thought to himself.
Cas felt like someone was stabbing him in the gut. He was sweating profusely and he couldn’t stop the intense panic that sparked every time he remembered he was restrained and he knew he was hyperventilating, but he couldn’t make himself stop.
There is the shuffle of footsteps into the room, the feeling of the cotton of his shirt against his skin, the almost unnoticeable buzz of grace pulsing through him. His grace. Or well, if not his own, given to him. Taken, maybe?
“I’m sorry my being brainwashed was so inconvenient for all of you,” said Castiel. He flinched internally at how he knew he sounded. Ungrateful and petty and unwilling to understand.
Dean reaches the kitchen doorway as Patience leaps to her feet and runs past him. She has to get to the door first. This part she knows.
“If only it were,” Castiel said darkly. Jo and Charlie exchanged an uncomfortable glance at that, neither seeming to know quite what to say. Castiel pressed forward, not wanting half-hearted comfort from people who didn’t know him. “I’m prepared.”
“About your friend?” asked Selma. Castiel resisted the urge to snap at her. It wasn’t Selma’s fault he was mad at a dead woman.
“-plan. If worst comes to worst. We get out safe,” finished Maggie. “Can we agree on that at least?”
It doesn’t become him to be selfish. He isn’t really allowed that. He never should have been, would never have been allowed that if it weren’t for the failures of his father, his kind, and Heaven itself. Except of all the human vices to fall prey too, it’s not as if selfishness is the worst one. Especially because that fostering of want, of need, of a self to want things for… it was a good thing in the end. He still believes that. Even if he knows it’s a good thing he needs to move on from, in the new world order.
Unfortunately, Crookshanks ruined this plan by luring Charlie into Castiel’s part of the tent. Castiel should have tried to shoo the creature away when it attempted to wake him up by pawing at his face, but instead he had let it rest next to him and begun to pet it. He only did so because it seemed less effort than getting up and making the cat go away, but Castiel knew Charlie would tease him for it anyway.
“Jesus, you’re wrists are fucked up,” he said with a low whistle. “I’ll tell Dr. Newman to take a look at that. Let me go get-“
“Wow. Ouch,” said Dean, over exaggerating it though Castiel could still tell that Dean felt a little stung by what he’d just said. “First of all, not true. I can list a dozen people stupid enough to sleep with me. Second of all, I didn’t see you complaining.”
“Fuck off,” Dean growls at him. That does the trick, if not quite quickly enough for Dean’s liking. He takes a deep breath in, and then out again. Yeah, Bobby’s not going to believe him tomorrow morning, no matter how good the story he cooks up is.
“It never mattered!” Cas yells back. “You didn’t feel the same way, I wasn’t going to put that burden on you-”
Sam sits down hard in the passenger side seat, the creak of the doors startling Cas and Dean both. He’s barely shut the door again before Dean is speeding away, putting as many miles between himself and his dead mother’s body as possible.
And besides it hurts to look at Jack now. To see the parts of him that are missing. The parts that made him who he was. All just gone. What was destiny compared to the person Jack was growing into, before it was all taken from him?
“It’s kind of you to worry about me,” Castiel said with a smile. Charlie offered a smile back and let him go when he gently pulled his arm from her grasp. She went back to tallying points and Cas went to join Selma, Corbett, and Carl in throwing knives. Selma handed him one of her knives and Cas threw it in the air for a moment before launching it at the target. It landed between its eyes. Cas heard a whistle from behind him.
There was silence for a few seconds before the answer arrived in the form of a determined and, in Castiel’s opinion, idiotic Dean.
He waited as Jo got closer. The moment she was within range for what he had in mind, he lunged for her gun, ignoring her for the moment and taking a brutal kick to the side while he removed her ammunition. After that he dragged her down and used the gun to hit her just hard enough to stun her so he could get to his feet and start running again. It was only about ten seconds before he could hear Jo’s footsteps behind him, and he knew she was going to catch him eventually. He just needed to get to his and Charlie’s tent before it happened.
“I don’t… I just decided I want to live again. I don’t want a life behind bars, or in pain, or…” Cas cut himself off. “She told me she can’t be merciful. That doesn’t mean anything good.”
“If you had to kill me or Benny, who would you pick?” Cas asked back, a dark edge to his voice that made Dean flinch. He didn’t answer the question, and Cas didn’t want him to. That was the point. “Who would you rather betray, me or General Mary?”
“He won’t take well to being threatened, if he perceives it as such,” Joshua began. “But we would need to be convincing. Azazel is no fool. He knows Naomi is the safer bet if there must be war to determine the next Lightbringer.”
“So you have the resources to fight in Superbia?” Dorothy said. Billie and Mortimer just looked at her. “You pledged your alliance to Mary Winchester.”
Cas nodded, grip tightening on his knees for a moment before he let go. He had a lot to think about after this talk with Garth, and knowing already that he’d agreed to talk with him again. Garth was going to consult with other doctors on whether or not Cas should be taking medication, but at the moment he didn’t think it was a good idea until he knew Cas’ system was completely clear of whatever Naomi had injected him with.
“That she tried to kill you before, and that she’s the one who turned us in?” he said. Charlie sighed.
It’s not a request. Even so, Dean glares at him and sits himself in the driver’s seat, waiting for Sam to get in the car. As soon as he does, they’re off.
“Tasha,” Mary warns, though she knows she doesn’t need to. Under the relaxed facade, Tasha is ready to get them both out of there at the slightest provocation. They’ve never been this close to Death before, though. Well not after having actually died that is, Mary supposes. She has met Billie before. More than once. She hadn’t been subtle about asking for Mary to hand over her life then. She doubts she’ll be subtle about what she wants now.
“We’re on a timeline,” Patience says, before the woman formerly known as the Darkness can expand on that. Amara doesn’t look all that pleased to be interrupted, but she knows what’s coming for them. And she wants to live just as badly as Patience does.
“Yeah,” says Dean. “Well I was fucked either way, so. Once Crowley said it, it sunk in I guess. Might as well get what good I could out of having my life signed away on good behavior.”
Dean never really had a best friend. Growing up. Well, there was Lee, but that was… different. And Dean had kinda cut ties and ran after the whole threesome thing, because he hadn’t really known how to talk about it and figured he’d catch up with Lee again some other time. Far in the future. And then Dean had ended up killing him, so add that to the tally of people who were worse off for knowing Dean Winchester.
“You sit there, Patience and I ask you questions,” says Claire. She looks up to glance pointedly at Dean and (presumably, since Dean still hasn’t turned around) Cas. “No losers allowed.”
The weight in Castiel’s throat did not disappear entirely. It was very possible that someone would die as a result of their actions. Who was he to be relieved it wouldn’t be his friend who had to make that sacrifice? Who was he to put Remi and Hael at risk? And then there was the matter of Dean and prisons. Cas had no doubt Dean was not doing well under his current circumstances, no matter how well he was being treated as the son of a very important general. The memories of Alistair alone would be enough. He would be angry when they saved him, because that was how Dean reacted when his emotions became too much for him to handle. And he would be livid when he learned they had gone against his express orders.
They are saved from further awkward conversation by Claire’s sudden return. She tosses Kaia a soda, but her eyes are on Cas. He stands straighter, suspecting what she is about to say.
“Kinda,” said Charlie. Dean gave her a look and she sighed. “Alright, we can talk about why the state sucks later. I’m assuming Jody probably wants me back to look at intelligence reports.”
Then Cas pulls back and Dean snorts at the dribble of spit on his face and the funny way his hair is sticking up from where Dean’s hand had been holding on for dear life. It’s a good look on him, really.
Not that he doesn’t enjoy Selma and Jo’s company. If anything that’s part of the problem. In the two months Castiel had spent on his own after Anna’s death, a small part of what had driven his utter misery was that he had been separated from his garrison. Companionship was something he found himself craving and responding to, and while it was part of his mission to do so, he couldn’t help but feel as though he were using the friends he was making. He was, of course, but he still didn’t like the well of guilt that was taking root in his mind or that it would make itself known at the most inconvenient of times.
“Was there question of that eventually being the case?” Cas asked, sitting up and taking stock of himself as soon as he was sure he wouldn’t fall back down from the head rush. Everything seemed to be in working order.
“Of course it was,” said Lydia, taking another step to the side and grimacing slightly. “You’re not my type.”
“Wait… is Cas hot?” Dean asked, frowning after Mandy. His eyes shifted back to look Castiel up and down as though he would somehow miss being so blatantly objectified. “I mean I guess he’s easy on the eyes, but come on. She didn’t even look at the rest of us.”
Claire sounds a little hopeful about that. Perhaps she wants to replace the wallpaper. It is a rather dull shade of beige.
“Time to share our plans with Winchester,” she said icily. As soon as he was on camera, her face switched over to politely blank. “Dean. I’m glad you returned my call.”
Dean’s face hardened, but he nodded at that. Like it was what he expected to hear. It just made Castiel more angry.
Cas looks away from her. He does not venture a guess as to who the real enemy might be. They both know.
There is no amount of space between himself and Dean that would be small enough. Were he to halve the distance, and halve it again, and so on ad infinitum he would still not be close enough. There would still be the space between atoms, the space between minds, the space between two men with fundamental differences so stark there was no reconciling them.
“Come on,” Claire says, leaning over Cas and Jack like there’s something she can do. Dean admires the confidence, he really does. “You’re not gonna die. I mean, been there done that, right?”
Once they were placed into the jail cell and the key was turned, there was nothing left to fight. In all probability, he and Jo were going to die here.
“And what if Tamara doesn’t want another kid?” Dean whisper shouted back. “Have you even started to imagine what this must feel like after what happened to her daughter?”
“You get that Cas was just trying to save your life, right?” asks Sam. “He’s not trying to get a rise out of you.”
“Is that when…?” Cas asked, looking down at Kelly’s stomach. He was trying to be delicate, but he couldn’t be sure of the nature of conception. He would like to know perhaps, if there was a man out there that needed to be shot on sight. Then again, Kelly was stronger than any man alive, and suspicious of others from her time in captivity. She could take care of herself better than most.
“Get some sleep, kid,” said Bobby after showing him to the room he and Gabriel would share until morning. “You too, Gabe. I don’t want Kali calling me up and threatenin’ ‘cause she thinks we didn’t take care of you.”
“Well, it doesn’t sound like an informational book,” Castiel said. “Or an encyclopedia. It doesn’t sound like any book I’ve heard- Oh.”
By the time they were almost done, Boris had walked in and sat in the corner sipping at his flask and listening. About the third time Cordelia asked if Cas was absolutely sure about the symptoms he had listed, Boris told them all to knock it off and “leave the poor bastard alone”. The three former scientists seemed to catch on that he was serious, because they didn’t stay long after his outburst.
They are very bad at this. It doesn’t matter at all though, because every time Eileen smiles, Sam feels his heart beat a little faster. He likes her so much and he can’t believe he gets to have this. They they get to do this.
“I said we’ll figure it out,” Dean huffed at him. “And you know, it’s just like you. Getting kidnapped by a cult. You can’t fucking help this shit can you?”
“Yeah, well sometimes good people don’t like the things that have to happen,” said Dean, using his fingers to rub his forehead. He looked drained again, and Castiel resisted the urge to reach out to him. He was too angry to try to do- something. He didn’t know what.
Mary looks at him. She goes back to toying with the piano. She’s doing this the hard way. Dozens of songs could rest at her fingertips, if she wants them to, but instead she’s tinkering with the keys. It’s maddening.
“Over my dead body am I sending you as a hostage to that awful man,” said Mary fiercely, at almost the same time.
“Lie to me again, and you’re not walking through the front door for a week at least,” she says. Dean’s mouth snaps shut. “That’s what I thought.”
“I’m just… I’m thinking about Cas, y’know?” says Sam. Dean’s expression falters and he looks away. Sam presses on. “Jack. Wishing they could be here.”
“I’m not supposed to be here,” Cas says. Dean stops grinning, sudden vulnerability crossing his face. Cas didn’t understand, nor did he understand the way Sam is frowning at him like he just said something awful. “In Heaven, I’m not supposed to-“
“I, um, I had to just pick myself up off the floor. Sam and Jack, they wanted to know what happened to you and I couldn’t- uh. I got it through to Sam eventually. What happened. And then there was the whole thing with Chuck, right, and you weren’t there. And I couldn’t make it make sense in my head, because you’ve always been there for the really big stuff, y’know?” says Dean. The longer he talks, the more and more confused Cas looks and Jesus it’s getting hard to get it all out. “It didn’t even really feel like we’d won, now that I think about it. We just drove around in circles for a while, after we left Chuck behind and Jack did his thing. Stopped in town, got something to eat. Then Sam and I, we went back to the bunker and I went to sleep that night, and I kinda didn’t think I’d even wake up. Y’know with Jack in charge and everything. I’m not… I’m not even really supposed to be alive. I’ve been on borrowed time longer than I’ve known you. But you died for me and I wanted Sam to feel like he was finally safe for once in his fucking life, so I had to keep pretending to be happy. And I almost convinced myself, for a second there. Really, really convinced myself.”
“Okay, then,” said Risa. She went back to cutting his hair, slowly and methodically. When she finished, she sent him to the bathroom mirror to take a look. Castiel stared at himself, trying to remember the last time he had looked like this. Probably before Anna died.
“I’ll think of a different name,” Jack says. Cas doesn’t like that. That Jack can tell what he’s thinking. He finally understands why it always bothered Dean so much, that angels could invade his dreams. It does feel like a violation, to know you have no privacy from someone else, no matter your opinion on the matter. “Cas?”
“C’mon Zach,” said Dean. How he managed to sound so casually menacing was a mystery to Castiel. “We have a barn full of your people ready to blow at my say so. If I were you, I’d keep the insulting to a minimum.”
The look Hannah gave him made Castiel feel very small. He may be certain in his convictions, but he would be lying if he did not admit that doubt was as constant a companion as certainty and had been for some while. The knowledge that Hannah did not possess the words nor the opportunity to sway him back to her side didn’t matter. All she had to do was look at him for Castiel to know how far apart they had grown.
“Yeah, I wouldn’t either,” said Jo, rolling her eyes. Benny glanced up at her mischievously and she started shaking her head no at him, but he spoke up anyway.
Cas thought about trying to sleep again, but the cool night air was a welcome reprieve from the body heat that permeated the tent. He decided to take a short walk and perhaps tire himself out enough to sleep well.
“Sure,” says Dean. “Sure yeah, that’s my terms. What you’ll make deals with Billie but not with me? Haven’t you heard of home team advantage? Screw me over, I dare you. Promise me this one thing, and me and whatever the fuck else you want is yours. Ask me for anything, Cas.”
“But neither of you ever said anything. How tragic,” said Meg. She paused, seeming to realize how she’d put it. “Sorry, that came out mean.”
“Hard to forget,” Dean mutters, the smallest of smiles cracking his face, there and gone in the blink of an eye, before he goes on. “But… but Famine had you on your knees on a gross diner eating raw meat off the floor, and that was just what your fucking vessel wanted, not even really you. And with me, there was nothing. Like… like I don’t know how to be hungry. So I’m just not. Maybe I don’t know how to want people that way. Want anything that way. I’ve been thinking about that a lot. I could be doing anything right now, you know? And I just keep killing things because it’s the only thing I’m good at. Chuck’s out of the fucking picture and nothing changed. What am I even supposed to want, Cas? You? What am I gonna do when you’re gone again?”
“Uh huh,” she said. “Me and Aditi will fight anyone that tries to get in Mrs. Harvelle’s basement, pinky promise.”
“Please don’t make me watch another friend die, Jo,” said Cas. “I don’t think I’ll survive it this time.”
Besides, there is something about Sam in that moment of unguarded happiness that sends chills down Dean’s spine. Maybe it’s the look of victory. The only other time Dean remembers seeing it on his brother’s face like that was when Lucifer was wearing him. Was in that other world, that world where the Apocalypse went the wrong way up the first time around and Satan snapped his neck like a twig for the hell of it.
Except he can’t. Because there is a choice to make. A test, he thinks to himself, unbidden. A test of who he’s going to be, now that he’s not God. And he can’t fail, not again.
“Is it true you were having an affair with your old commander and you planned to bring Naomi down together?” asked Jack as they walked down the hallway. Gadreel gave him a quelling look. “I was only wondering.”
Also this is the first half of this part. I've decided to cut all of the parts into two so I can update faster but the next part probably still won't done for a while.
She doesn’t know why she does it, but Claire takes the offramp to the next rest stop and turns into the gas station. They could use a fill up anyway. So what if she’s still shaking from some emotion she can’t even name, the real tragedy is that gas is back over four bucks a gallon. Or that’s what she tells herself as she watches the numbers go up from where she’s standing next to the pump. It’s not surprising when Dean crawls out of the backseat to join her, leaving Cas behind.
So he reached out and grasped one of Cas’ hands instead. The one that was resting around the cereal bowl, protectively, as if he was concerned a sudden earthquake might spill the sugar dusted milk that remained in the bowl. Dean heard a sharp intake of breath, and then nothing.
Dean and Cas sit down, opposite side of Eileen and Sam, both looking up to Jack who’s sitting at the end of the table. “I’m happy the two of you finally confessed your feelings for each other, I’m happy that everyone of you is finally happy and able to live with the partner they deserve”, Jack says while smiling brightly.
While Sam and Eileen are exchanging kisses, Dean enters the Bunker, being lost in his thoughts again.
After that, he wasn’t able to answer his brothers calls, which made Sam worried more than he’s ever been.
He kisses Dean slowly and passionate, to let him know that he is loved the way he is, and that he should never change to fit the expectations of others.
After a short drive they arrive at the bunker. Dean gets out of the car to open the door for miracle, when he sees Eileen, Sams girlfriend they had met a few years ago while working a case.
He directs it both to Sam and Eileen, smiling. Eileen smiles back, waving her hand. “Nice to meet you Gabriel. Eileen is deaf, if you wondered why she can’t say hello, well she can but it would be difficult to understand for you.”
“That’s a nice idea”, Cas says, smiling at Dean. “You go finish that car you been repairing, I’ll finish this e-mail one of your customers has been waiting for and then we’ll go home and have a nice dinner?” Cas asks.
“Hi, I’m Sam” he beams with his deep voice “and this is Eileen” Sam comments, while Eileen just waves at Gabriel.
A few months after their date under the stars, and many, many appointments with social workers the day they are going to foster a child is here.
“I’ve always liked you more than friends Cas, especially since you first saved me from becoming Michaels’ Vessel. I’ve fell in love with you when you decided that free will was what you’ve wanted, what you deserve, that you aren’t just a toy to be played with.”
He focused so much on hunting, that he began to neglect his children and started drinking to cope with the loss of his love.
“Jack, do you have like 5 more minutes to spare? I’m moving with Dean and I told you to not disturb me if it isn’t important.
Cas and Dean have miracle to take care of, but Dean has had the feeling that something, or someone is missing to make his life perfect.
“Hello Darling” Cas smiles, scaring Dean a bit. “Whoa Cas, you scared me there for a second.” Dean says, looking his man directly in his sky like eyes. “I’ve missed you” Cas lays his hand on one of Deans hands, smiling while waiting for Dean to drive home safely.
Sam and Dean are both smiling, along with Cas, because they somehow managed to raise a kid, without being raised themselves, especially Dean, who had to raise himself and his brother, because his abusive dad wasn’t there for the both of them, always on a hunting trip leaving them all by themselves, with only little money to buy food and drinks while John himself was away for days, sometimes even weeks, desperately trying to find the demon that was responsible for killing Mary.
“Let’s go to some orphanages in the enxt few days, there are a few around here and see if we find a kid that matches our personalities” Dean thinks out loud.
“I’ve got Cas back, and you’ve got Eileen, fair I’d say, and now leave us alone, please” Dean yells back, Sam understanding every word of it.
“She talked to me by using her hands. It’s called sign language. I can teach you some if you want to, but later.” Sam explains.
“Yeah sure, that sounds nice” Dean smiles. He then leaves the office, to repair the brakes on an old Mustang, hurried but still doing his work properly.
“And soon that Baby will be out of her tummy and you’ll have a cousin you can play with, when they’re old enough” Sam explains, smiling at the thought of having a child.
“Dean, I love them all, every single one of them” Cas states, knowing that they could only adopt one kid. “We haven’t visited the infants yet Cas, and I know how much you adore them” his boyfriend says, while smiling.
After arriving at their house, which is the one the Winchesters lived in before Azazel killed their mother, Dean begins to pack a basket with all things you’d need for a picnic under the stars, which is what he had planned for Cas, while Cas himself is changing into a hoodie and a sweatpants, waiting for Dean to finish packing the basket, so that they could leave.
“Yes Cas, thank you for helping” Jack tells him, smiling brightly. “Is there a day where I could possibly could come visit? I haven’t seen the Winchesters since a few months ago, and I really miss them.”
“We’re coming in a minute” Dean says loud enough for Sam to hear and kisses Cas on the cheek. “Now I get to thank him after all.” Cas says while smiling and kissing Dean shortly after. They’re both still amazed as to how perfectly their lips match, both smiling into the kiss.
Cas finishes the e-mail and stands up, watching his boyfriend working, thinking to himself how lucky he got, despite everything that has happened a little over a year ago.
After arriving in Heaven, Cas directly walks up to Jack, who seems to struggle with the creating process of new angels. “Cas, how do I prevent them from exploding directly? Every second or third angel seems to explode immediately after I’ve created them” Jack smiles sadly.
Then, the last room, his own room. Dean slowly opens the door, only to see Castiel sitting on his bed.
“Yes Cas, I have like 5 more minutes. But the souls are, I don’t know how to say, kind of rebellious, they’re roaming around everywhere, even the souls in hell don’t do what they’re supposed to do, at least it’s what Rowena said.”
“Cas, Jack, come here” Sam says while opening his arms for the three of them to join the group hug. Cas is standing next to Dean, giving him small and gentle kisses to comfort him, even if he doesn’t seem to understand everything.
“You have to focus deeply on their image, how they should look. If you trail off with your thoughts they won’t be manifested in their true form, so they’ll explode in a burst of light” Cas explains to him.
After they had already spoken to multiple of the older kids in the orphanage, they decided to take a little break.
Cas smiles, overwhelmed from all the things that happened in the last few minutes. Eileen signs ‘group hug?’ to Sam, and he nods his head yes with tears in his eyes.
Dean pulls him into a hug, pressing his head onto his chest. After talking to the director of the orphanage, and doing all the paperwork, Gabriel leaves the orphanage, smiling.
Disclaimer: I do not know how exactly adoption works, i tried to look it up as good as possible. If you find anything that doesn't fit, lmk
“You’ve never offered that to Cas and me, but that’s a topic for later. Let’s eat something, shall we?” Sam smiles.”You never asked me to teach it to you, that’s your fault.” “Yeah yeah, whatever.” Dean shows Gabriel where to sit, him and Cas sitting next to Gabriel.
Eileen and Sam decide to visit, Eileen being in the third trimester, as it is Christmas time already. As the two ring the doorbell, Gabriel flinches a bit, he doesn’t know the sound of a doorbell and is even more intimidated by the giant that walks through the door.
“Dean it’s 2pm, it’s past midday you grumpy cat” “Yeah yeah, whatever.” After what seems to be an eternity, Dean finally gets the motivation to dress himself properly, after Cas had already called ahead.
“That is actually not that bad of an idea, I’ve thought of it for a while to be honest.” Dean says, smiling at the thought of having a family of his own.
Ok, I have to go now, Dean’s taking me out for dinner, if you have any questions relating angels or creating ask via Angel Radio, ok?” Cas says before vanishing and appearing next to Dean, who’s on his way home.
“Oh ok. I don’t really understand but I guess I don’t have to.” the small boy responds, smiling at Eileen.
“Hey Cas, could you come up here and help me for a second? I don’t know how to fix this thing up here” he says, Cas being able to hear the struggle in Jacks voice answers: “Yeah sure, let me tell Dean first, I’ll be up there in a minute.” Cas slowly walks up to Dean.
You know I love you, but I love Dean even more and moving in with him is something very special that we want to celebrate.”
“That’s not nice to say” Gabriel whispers to himself. “Why- Why is her tummy so big?” Gabe asks Sam, being very confused and tilting his head.
Dean, yawning, responds “Cas, first we need to call ahead, second let me finish my coffee before you talk to me in these ungodly hours.” Cas snickers
“Can- Can we take him home? Please Honey” Cas looks at Dean with pleading eyes, a tear rolling down his face.” I- yes, yes we can take him home”
Cas kisses Dean, then moving his head so that the new constellation is visible for Dean. “Do you like it?” Cas asks kind of shyly, not sure if Dean appreciates his work.
After greeting a few angel that were passing at the moment, Cas teleports him back to earth, back to his and Deans home, only to see the older Winchester fast asleep on their bed, Miracle cuddled up next to him.
“Hey Jack, Sam and Eileen are going to be parents.” Cas says, smiling brightly. “Oh, that’s nice, I’m happy for them” Jack answers, watching his dad smiling and being happy. “
Dean lays his hands on Cas’s hips, their bodies coming even closer than they were before, while closing his eyes.
“Jack, I’m sorry that I’ve always been that harsh to you, even though you did nothing wrong, I just wasn’t able to deal with the fact that Lucifers kid isn’t as bad as his dad” Dean says, smiling and standing up to pull Jack in a hug. “Thank you for pulling Cas out of the empty, thank you for bringing Eileen back, after your grandpa erased all live on earth.”
“Is there anything else you need help with or is that everything?” Jack smiles, shaking his head no. Cas decides to tell him about the happy news Dean told him.
Knowing that you had to raise you brother, while being regularly beaten up by your dad and to hide it from him, I think that you would like to know what happened to your dad after I became god” Jack says while smiling slightly, waiting for the reaction of their foster dads.
“What- what is this? Gabriel asks, looking at the food. Dean chuckles and answers with a smile: “This Gabriel, is the Winchester Surprise. It’s a dish Sam and my mum used to make.” He looks at the Winchester surprise with a hint of disgust. “That is way too much meat.”
Dean grabs Cas by his Hand and pulling him with him, right into the library where Jack, Sam and Eileen are sitting at a table, waiting for the two of them to sit down, Jack smiles as they see the two holding hands.
First losing Castiel, the angel he fell in love with, because he sacrificed himself a last time to save Dean from Death.
“Hey, Dean, I have to go upstairs for a bit, I’m sorry Jack just asked me if I could come help with something he seemed to be struggling with.” Dean peaks his head out from under the car “Ok Cas, but please don’t take too long, I wanted to take you out today” Dean says while smiling at Cas. “I won’t” Cas promises, shortly before he vanishes with a bat of his wings.
“I love you too” Cas smiles, then they lay down next to each other, Dean being snuggled up to Cas, his head laying on Cas’ chest, listening to his heartbeat.
Sam smiles, with a tear in his eyes. “I didn’t knew he beat you up Dean, so therefore I’m happy with the decision Jack made, he had to be reasoned with, and knowing that Rowena is sitting on the throne down there, he’ll be punished in a fair way, if you can say that about hell at all.”
“Gabe, there’s no need to be scared” Dean laughs, “Sam is my brother” Shyly Gabriel looks up to Sam. “H-Hello I’m Gabriel”
“Hey Sammy, look there’s Eileen” Dean says, cracking a smile for the sake of his brother. The next thing he sees is a 6ft4 tall man running to a 5ft 2 small girl, hugging and kissing her as if the world was dying at this exact same moment.
Sam slowly hugs him, pulling him closer. “At least you’ve got miracle who’ll be there for you when I’m not able to.”
“Come on Dean, I wanna visit them now” Cas says exited, while slightly jumping up and down. Dean, walking down the stairs, grabbing his Jacket and keys bursts out in laughter after he sees gods most trusted jumping up and down in excitement.
Dean looks up into the sky, starting to smile “That is awesome Cas, I love it! Not as much as you, but I love it” Dean nearly screams, then pulling Cas in for a short kiss.
She smiles, and signs Sam that she thinks that Gabriel is adorable. “What did you do with your hands?” Sam is asked after Gabe saw Eileen signing.
“Come here honey” Cas smiles, while walking up to Dean. He kisses him, first soft and innocent, then more passionate. They’re both the way in love they’ve been on the day they confessed their love to each other.
“Cas I-I love you too, I just wasn’t able to reciprocate because too many things were happening at once.” Dean slightly smiles, looking Cas directly in the eyes.
Cas whole face is smiling, as he listens to what Dean is saying about the event that took place roughly a day ago, realizing that confessing his love to Dean was the best thing that could’ve happened since a long, long time.
Now he lost his kid, a friend he didn’t liked that much at first, because they were Lucifers’ offspring, the archangel who has driven his brother so insane that he had to went to a mental hospital, with Cas taking the burden of seeing Lucifer in his mind, only that Sam could work a case.
“I’ve got to tell Cas the news, let’s meet up in a few weeks, we haven’t seen each other in quite some time.”
“See you Sammy.” Dean ends the call, only to run up to the office to tell Cas, who’s working there, if he’s not helping Jack with heavenly business.
They spilt apart after what seemed to be an eternity, only to be greeted by Sam and Eileen once they leave Deans room.
They haven’t even fully entered the room, when Cas walks up to a tiny bed, where a boy lies inside, cooing as he’s asleep.
Sam pulls him close to hug, starting to sob in his shoulder. “That’s the reason why I was so angry when you left, because I knew that from now on he’d beat me senseless and I wasn’t able any more to look at you, and know that you’ll achieve something in live. I only came to ask for your help after dad went on the hunting trip that started it all again to see you, to know that you were doing well at your college.”
After what seems to be an eternity, Dean finally finished packing everything he needs; Cas walks up to him, taking him by his hand and teleporting them somewhere in Germany, on top of an old Castle where they have a beautiful view into the night sky, which is filled with many many visible constellations.
“Thank you Dean, thank you from the bottom of my heart. If I only had known earlier, I wouldn’t have been so harsh with you, every time you resurrected me, or made something stupid I yelled at you for. Thank you.”
Jack, being surprised, because he forgot one of the major events in his dads life answers quite shy:
The angel of Thursday begins to move some more Stars to form new constellations, making Dean smile whenever he’s able to spot a new one. After a few hours of Cas making new constellations and Dean searching them in the sky, Cas teleports them home, back to Lawrence, back into their home.
Cas comes over and knees beside Dean to pet Miracle as well. “Dean,” Cas asks with a soft and kinda curious voice, “where did you find this dog?” “I found him after you sacrificed yourself, when I met up with Sam and Jack again” Dean says, his voice slightly breaking, as he’s remembered again. “He was the last living being that we had met after Chuck erased every life from this godforsaken planet, that’s why I named him Miracle”
He enters the Bunker, only to go directly to the interrogation room, where he saw Cas alive for the last time.
“Cas, did you hear?”, Dean asks unaware of the fact that he yelled the news through the entire workshop. “Yeah, I’ve heard that you’re gonna be an uncle” Cas says, while smiling at Dean.
Shortly before his lips meets Deans, he closes his eyes, cupping Deans face in his hands, pulling him in to the kiss.
Raising an eyebrow while tilting his head Cas nods his head yes.”You don’t have to ask, just… you know warn us, because there could be something happening you don’t want to witness, ok?” Jack laughs “Yeah sure, I’ll ask, Bye Cas, see you then”
“Fuck you, you know that? I am coming back with help, and you have to promise me that you’ll- That you won’t-“
