‘There is still some food from yesterday in the fridge, but if you wish for something else, you can use my credit card to buy anything you need.’ This guy must really swim in money to let a stranger use his credit card, though at the same time he also feels like a momma hen that seems to enjoy treating me like its chicken ever since I got here. He even cooked yesterday and didn’t even ask for my help. Normally omegas should deal with all the house work, but besides the cleaning up that I did with Gabriel (that
as she always does,” For some reason going on a date with her boss seems normal to Cas, but meeting me
So, I answer. “Is this how an alpha is supposed to act, Castiel? As a friendly information, normal alphas usually come here either to take me to the ‘fucking’ room or show their big fucking alpha pride.”
How many times is this guy planning to leave me speechless this day? He’s
I have no idea why Cas’s comment about my ass made me feel so shocked, or frustrated, or
what you think you do Dean! You deserve nice things and good people who appreciate you the way you are!” Garth then lowers his face and says “I admire you a lot Dean. Even after all you’ve been through, you are still fighting for your beliefs. I also can’t talk in the name of my colleagues, but I do know that they’d feel bad if something were to happen to you because we weren’t able to protect you. It’s still a job we chose to do and we also need to keep up with our own beliefs until the end.”
See you again then!
The sounds of my suffering seem to trigger another groan from beside me. Only, that one suddenly runs to the door next to the stairs and disappears into that room for a few moments, then to start hearing puking sounds which probably belong to Gabriel. Well, now I know where the bathroom is, though it’s too late anyway. At least I didn’t puke on the floor just like in Cas’s definitely dark past of cleaning up after Gabriel.
I end up going back to watching a new episode of Dr. Sexy, but for some reason I feel pretty exhausted myself and by the end of it, I decide to turn in for the night as well. Though, on my way to bedroom I’m stopped by Cas getting out of his room. He fidgets again, not being able to keep eye contact more than a few seconds. “Are you okay, Cas?”
At that moment, I try to completely shut off the annoying guy spouting nonsense behind us and finally notice the confused faces of some omegas and staff watching from the sidelines Gabriel’s tantrum. Alphas are usually trying to behave like cool assholes in the society, but that guy is acting like a child screaming at his parents in a store, things like ‘ignoring me again’ or ‘you’ll see my wrath soon’.
I only roll my eyes at him and look through the window during the short ride to the mall. Unexpectedly the car drives better than looks. Its shape does resemble my baby a little, though it’s a million years away from her in every aspect.
Baby blue eyes staring intently at me.
It's gonna be a long ride with lots of angst, humor (sorry for the bad puns that I'm going to do :), hurt/comfort, fluff and as much wholesomeness as I can.
alpha. He hasn’t moved one step, hasn’t made not even a simple facial expression. Just like a robot. A robot with ruffled brunette hair, an intense stare that gets through my very soul and deep,
strangers get it on. Too bad my warming face is still on Cas’s full view.
bad feeling. “I do not care very much if you reciprocate or not. Well, it would be a nice bonus, but it is not very important to me.” He then goes to caress my collarbone.
He looks shocked for a few moments when he sees that I’m still holding his hand, though he quickly snaps out of his daydreaming. “Dean! You should not move around yet!” I ignore him and drag him out of the room. He carried me again on the downstairs room, so it’s a short walk to the kitchen.
omega. They also have a common bathroom, for each floor.
He rips my shirt that moment. “Of course, angels are not like me, Dean. They’re
. I decide to not respond to this one since it still feels overwhelming for another person to care that much for me. Garth was the same, but Cas is an alpha who also only knows me for a few days. And as strange as it is, it goes the other way around as well, that it feels like I’ve known him since
“Do… you have trouble sleeping?” I ask reluctantly, having a feeling where this is going.
The more I hear from last night, the more appalled I get by my disastrous acting. How much alcohol did we even drink? I take a look around us and besides the many empty bottles of beer, I also see an empty one of Jack Daniels.
Since this is probably even closer to impossible - I don’t even know if angels die - at least, I know that I still have my pride left. Like I would ever stay put and let this creep have his way with me without putting a fight.
Garth just wears a small sad smile in response and whispers “Please try to contact me if he gets too much. He doesn’t seem as weird as Gabriel, but he’s still acting strange. There’s something about him-”
His sits on my legs, pining them securely, though his hands are now caressing my torso, reaching for my nipples and rubbing them until they’re hard. “I am not hurting you, Dean. The only thing that is hurting you is your rebellion. The moment you will let go, will be the moment you will stop suffering.”
The boy looked at him with wide eyes, unconvinced. “W-what the hell was that?” he stammered, shaking.
The proposition made Cas grin. “I always wanted to die with a bunch of pancakes stuffed in my mouth.”
He wants to scream.
“I don’t see how that makes them less believable,” Castiel stated, furrowing his brow.
“Not exactly,” Charlie shrugged. “I mean, we go on hunts when we can, but we also have jobs to take care of. Like, Dean’s a journalist, I’m a web designer and we’re both freelancing, so from time to time it gets hard and earning money takes priority over everything. We’ve both done our fair share of odd jobs here and there.”
“Well, uh, if you want to help, is there anything you can tell me about the forest?” he asked after a while, kicking himself mentally for forgetting about the case. “Or is it, I don’t know, that kind of help where you hold my hand and tell me everything’s going to be all right?”
“Well, it’s my job.” Dean grinned.
“No! Yes… maybe. I hoped I wasn’t. But man, you died
Charlie nudged him. “You know what, you should bring him here.”
“Dean, Castiel, welcome,” Gilda greeted them. “Old Grove hasn’t seen travelers like you for a very long time. Thank you for bringing them here, Joanna.” She nodded at Jo.
“Yeah, me too,” Dean huffed. “Come on, I have a dinner to finish.”
Dean felt his knees weaken under him, not sure if he understood what Cas was implying. “Take me back.”
“Yes, she’s fine.” Castiel nodded. “Though we have a small toad infestation in the downstairs bathroom.” The toads would disappear soon, so it seemed that the whole incident ended up without any real casualties. Dean was still going to check up on Charlie later.
One of the only memories Dean had about his mother was from when he was three and caught a terrible cold. Back then, it felt like he was dying. Mary sat with him the whole night, singing him “Hey Jude” in a hushed voice. Somehow he felt that the song helped, making his recovery faster. Maybe it would help Cas too.
“You’re right, there isn’t.” Castiel didn’t look like he felt even a little bit remorse about this. “Do you intend to stay for long?”
He planned to talk to Benny the evening before; somehow it just didn’t happen. He’d met Andrea though, and she seemed fine. They had a nice chat about pie fillings. If only reconnecting with old friends was as easy for him as meeting new people. But there was just too much of
Cas sighed. He didn't want to talk about it, but he also couldn’t
“Yeah. The pleasure was all mine,” Dean replied, staring at empty space before him.
Perhaps sleeping in one bed should have been weird, but for some reason it wasn’t; even considering Cas claimed he didn’t need sleep. Which didn’t stop him from curling up and drifting away somewhere in the middle of Return of the Jedi. Dean couldn’t bring himself to wake him up, so he did the only other thing he could think of - he quietly closed the laptop and put it away, then covered Cas with a blanket, lay down next to him, and fell asleep.
here, you dumb idiot.”
That made Dean snort. “Yeah, especially when
There was a sound of light steps on the stairs and soon Jo appeared in the room, her hair tied in a loose bun. “Finally,” she said when she saw them. “You still owe me a trip to your world, you know. Don’t even think about going back on this.”
“I’m just saying.” Dean shrugged. “You painted quite a picture yesterday, and now you’re doing a poor job of living up to it.”
“Everyone does, brother.” Benny sighed. “He’s a great kid.”
Cas studied him carefully. “I don’t think anyone else will.”
“That’s it.” Castiel crossed his arms. “You are not allowed to ever meet my family.”
Dean adjusted his arm, sliding his wrist out of Cas’ grasp, and catching Castiel’s hand in his own. He squeezed it, hoping the gesture would convey everything he didn’t know how to say. “How does it feel?”
Cas moved closer, looking over Dean’s shoulder, as Dean browsed the photos. A lot of them pictured a young, pretty woman with her hair pinned up and a broad smile on her lips. “I wonder who she was.” Cas said, thoughtful. “What life she had in this house.”
They did nothing for the next couple of days, just spent time together, wandering around town, pretending that the unsolved case wasn’t looming over them. Going to all their old places with Cas was both painful and liberating in some way. Dean finally felt like he could let go of the past, building something new over the memories.
go wrong with that. What the fuck? Was he a serial killer or something?
speed dating.” Castiel gave him a smug smile, his eyes shining. “No one said I’m supposed to stay till the end.”
Dean went back to Missouri. Somehow talking to his brother helped him make that decision, even though he hadn’t been able to for over three months. He wasn’t sure why, but seeing Sam made him realize how passive he’d been most of the time. He’d accepted the magic happening around him, but no more than that. Now he wanted to become a part of it, an integral piece of this new world he was slowly discovering. He wanted to learn about his ability.
“Right?” Jo grinned. “Wait till you see the palace,” she said, leading them down one of the paths.
Jo was waiting for them in the cellar, and she got up from the floor as soon as she saw them. “Fuck, what happened?” she asked, her voice getting higher than usual.
“So yeah, I know about a lot of stuff most people don’t believe in,” Dean added. “But there’s a line everywhere. I’m
“Hey, could you turn into a dragon?” he asked out of blue, letting his thoughts wander.
Charlie told him that all that was left from the Heart was a charred trunk. At first Dean had tried to avoid thinking that maybe Castiel died with it, but it got harder as the days passed.
A few minutes later Cas landed next to him and changed back into his human form. “The view was very compelling,” he said, brushing off a stray leaf from his shoulder. “Though you were right, I couldn’t see the edge of the forest.”
“You should check this out,” Dean said, holding up a pair of large gold medallion earrings. It was more a joke than anything else, but part of him wanted to see Castiel in them for real.
“Don’t get too happy yet,” Charlie added. “There’s still a lot of cleaning to do and I’m sure you’ll get your fair share of that as soon as Cas is up.”
Castiel sighed, looking at the ceiling, and it seemed that he wasn’t going to say anything else. Dean closed his eyes, trying to go back to sleep.
“I know enough about them.” Castiel sounded odd once more. “And I visit the town sometimes,” he added after a pause. Dean choose not to pry any further.
There was a high possibility that he was in love with Dean. In fact, he was almost entirely sure he was in love with Dean. He just didn’t know yet what he should do with that knowledge. It left him dizzy and confused and a little appalled that he didn’t notice it before. Because really, how could he not notice being in love with someone?
“I don’t do that on purpose, you know,” Cas said defensively.
by Neal Stephenson,” he said, handing it to bewildered Castiel. “I loved reading it and I thought that maybe you would like it too.” For some reason Dean suddenly felt very embarrassed. It was probably a mistake.
“What, are you reading my mind now?” he blurted out before he could think.
“I wish I had someone like that for all those years I’ve spent here.” Castiel sat on the bed,taking off his pants and throwing them on the floor. “I was alone for so long that having other people in my life became an abstract thought.” He made a pause, looking at his hands. Dean sat down next to him, waiting for him to continue. Cas looked back, a slight smile on his lips. “And then you moved in, and breathed life into everything. With you I feel more alive than I ever did,” he said.
On the third day Dean started wondering whether he should see Castiel and apologize for what he’d said. But he didn’t feel ready to face Cas. Fortunately or not, he was spared the effort of making that decision when he bumped into Castiel just outside of his room in the evening.
Cas gives him a guilty look and that’s it. This is too much for Dean to take. His mind short-circuits and, just like that, the only thing he can think of is that Cas would probably look really nice if he let the stubble on his face turn into a beard. And really, who thinks about stuff like that right before they might be sentenced to death? Dean. Dean does.
Dean hid his head in his hands. He should’ve stayed in Sioux Falls, working for Bobby. Everything was so much easier just a day ago. Now he had a new housemate who wasn’t even human and there was apparently magic in the walls of his new house. He didn’t sign up for this.
“Someone burned herbs here. It’s still in the air,” Cas said, looking around.
Dean abruptly opened his eyes, moving back on his elbows to face the intruder.
The hunters appeared almost immediately, running out of the kitchen.
spot by the river.
He wasn’t sure why he was angry. Cas said he was happy. Dean
. This is getting embarrassing. We’re calling Bobby.”
Somehow it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t enough because Dean had spent half of his life thinking his best friend was dead, and it still was kind of true, even now, because Castiel wasn’t the boy Dean knew as a child. It wasn’t enough because Cas lost everything, and no matter what he said, Dean didn’t believe anything could make up for that.
“Not an early morning person, huh?” Dean stretched, wincing as his joints protested. It looked like Cas’ magic didn’t save him from the pains of falling asleep on the ground. And teasing Cas aside, he would also do a lot for a large cup of coffee. Or for a sip of one of those weird energy potions Sam used to drink when he’d still been in school. They tasted like hell, but were strong enough to wake up a dead body. Probably literally.
Hannah scrunched her nose and shrugged, observing the old lady and the ducks. “Ever since Anna got engaged, Mom expects both of us to bring someone home. Like it’s some sort of competition.”
“You seem to be very proud of him.” Cas smiled. Dean pointedly ignored the way Cas’ smile made him warm inside.
“Yeah.” The first one grinned cockily, switching on the flashlight he carried. “It’s not that far. It’s actually weird we’ve never found that place before.”
“I’m still working with all of you on your hunt, remember?” Cas asked, not looking particularly satisfied with Dean’s answer. “Why did you want to see me?”
Castiel focused on the screen. “I don’t think that would be wise.”
“Uh. Shit. I don’t really have a place to stay around here.” Charlie’s shoulders slumped.
Castiel grunted in response, glancing around and trying to find the gun. Dean shouldn’t have left his position to check on him. Now they both were distracted, with no idea where the beast was. And it was his fault because he hadn’t been watching his step. This hunt had been a bad idea.
“And Dean? I’m glad you came here,” a disembodied voice added, making Dean jump.
. Now he’s on the run with her. The Shadow Orcs took over the kingdom, and she’s not technically the queen anymore. But he’s very loyal, so he’s sticking with her. They became friends and he’d give his life for her no matter what.” At this point it was hard to tell how much of his character’s story was an act, and how much it was his friendship with Charlie bleeding through. He wasn’t complaining, though. They had fun, and it was all that mattered.
Cas frowned. “That’s because you didn’t want to put on the sweater Charlie gave you.”
“I don’t know. How they’ve been doing after you all moved out, how they’re doing now?”
“Contrary to popular belief, I
“There is a monster at the Black Cat,” Dean said, taking a big gulp of whiskey. “We barely escaped.”
Cas put down his fork, looking Dean in the eyes. “I live just a few blocks away from here. You could take a nap and then I’d drive you back to the club.”
and--” Charlie stopped mid-sentence, color draining from her face. “Shit. The solstice is
“What?” Dean asked distractedly, raising his head from the peppers he was chopping.
Dean gives Haven a last glance with a heavy heart. There’s something constricting his chest, and for a few seconds he can’t breathe. But then Castiel, still half asleep, nuzzles into his back and mumbles something that Dean can’t understand under the roaring engine. Suddenly breathing becomes easier. He’s not alone. No matter what happens next, he’s going to go through it with Cas.
He smiled. “I’ll try.”
Dean looked up at the green tree crowns, taking a deep breath. “Yeah, I think it is. Cas… Cas is something special,” he said, flustered. The truth was he was completely gone for Castiel and he would follow him to the ends of the earth, no matter what. Cas was
The cake was delicious, with fresh fruits and whipped cream. Even though it was cake, it was probably one of the best desserts Dean had ever had, though of course not as good as his homemade pie. Well, to be honest, nothing was as good as his pie, so that cake did pretty good. Dean was willing to come back to Old Grove just to have another slice.
It feels like ages have passed, but finally there’s a surge of fresh air on Dean’s face. The voices behind are so close now. Dean suspects they’re using some kind of magical acceleration; it wouldn’t be possible otherwise. He pushes Cas, trying to make him move faster, the last burst of energy before the top. They tumble out of the door, Castiel falling to his knees.
Michael snorted. “And ignore that you’re in a relationship with a demon? You’re a disgrace to the whole family, Anna!” he spat. Dean wasn’t sure he wanted to know whether the demon part was just a figure of speech or not. Though Ruby seemed okay so maybe that wasn’t important anyway.
,” Dean choked out, unable to look away, still eyeing tattoo on Cas’ back, which was dangerously close to his ass.
to feel okay again! The only thing it does is that now I know it was
“Shit. That’s a lot of time.” Dean couldn’t even imagine being alone for that long.
“I know I said it’s better to be careful with him, but maybe he could help us more,” Jo added. “You know, it’s his forest, we’re still basically stuck with this hunt, and we won’t say no to a fresh pair of eyes.”
“Why didn’t you reimagine yourself into something useful when Ellen and Jo caught us?” Dean asked. “Like, I don’t know, a bulletproof vest?”
“We’ll think of something.” Jo didn’t seem to be too worried.
How was he supposed to deal with the whole situation? Castiel shouldn’t be there. He shouldn’t even exist. And if he was real, who knows what else was real too? There was a whole new, enormous reality opening before Dean, and he’d only scratched it on the surface. He still wasn’t sure if he believed in it, but the alternatives weren’t any better.
The cloud changed direction in a swift move. It avoided Cas, and sunk into the Heart.
Ellie was already throwing detergent at the leviathan, as it sizzled and groaned, black substance splashing around everywhere. The monster waved one of its tentacles, shoving her across the corridor. Tracy took her place immediately, and more detergent landed on the leviathan’s slick body.
“Down the rabbit hole,” Dean murmured under his breath and followed after her, Cas right behind him.
Shit, he was staring at Cas for too long without saying anything, wasn’t he?
Castiel grimaced. “She grew up and didn’t need me anymore. Probably even forgot that I was real.” He made a pause, looking away. “I still miss her sometimes.”
“I think we might’ve found some photos of her in the house.” Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Do you know why she stopped?”
“I… guess you’re right,” Dean muttered, not sure what to say. He’d never given it much thought and Cas caught him off guard. He had to be making a wonderful impression at the moment.
“It’s not far when you have a portal leading there in the basement,” Dean said. Charlie was a witch with toads popping up out of thin air around her; portals to other worlds probably weren’t going to be anything new.
Dean snorted. They drank in silence for a while, watching the fire. Cas moved closer to Dean, leaning against his side. Dean’s whole body buzzed with the joy of having Castiel next to him. It felt nice, not having to do anything specific, being able to just sit there and enjoy each other’s company.
“As a matter of fact, I think you are,” Cas retorted.
“No.” Dean shook his head. “This is my brother, Sam.”
Dean stood before Lisa Braeden’s door, not ready to go in yet. It was a small, neat house with a white fence and a couple of azalea shrubs. Strangely, it somehow suited the image of thirteen-year-old-Lisa he had in his head, the girl who was always the first to climb the trees in their gardens, and ran around with her knees constantly scraped.
Cas always liked to spend time at Dean’s home and with his family. It had probably been a way to make up for how his own father had acted, at least partially. No wonder he was interested in what happened to them. Dean took a deep breath. How to summarize seventeen years in a few sentences?
Wind swayed the branches, breaking the silence of the forest, and for a few seconds the boy thought he saw something out of the corner of his eye. He instinctively moved the flashlight that way, but the space between the trees was empty. He sighed with relief, not sure what he’d expected.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “No. I took a bus and then Charlie let me in.”
He didn’t make it far. Maybe the ground was uneven, maybe it was a root or a vine and he wasn’t paying enough attention; it didn’t matter. What mattered was that he tripped and before he knew he was tumbling down into a steep ditch between the trees.
“You like roleplaying? What is your character like?” Cas focused on him with real interest now, and Dean didn’t know what to do with it.
“Yes,” Castiel said, propping himself against the counter. Dean pretended he didn’t ogle his tattoos, but the complex pattern of flowers, bees and birds wrapping around his arms was truly captivating. “It was years ago though. I belong to myself now.”
And you didn’t ruin anything.”
“Uh. So I guess at least now your curiosity’s been satisfied.” He swallowed. “But I’m still not going to talk about this.”
He sighed, putting the phone back in his pocket. What mistakes had he made in the past life to end up with a friend like her? It must’ve been something truly horrible.
Castiel sighed, putting his leg back on the floor and raising the other one. “Yes. I find practicing yoga naked most rewarding.”
Dean felt tears gathering in the corners of his eyes. Give it to Cas to say some sappy thing that destroyed him on the spot. He was glad Cas had added
After ten minutes or so it had gotten visibly darker. At first Dean dismissed it, thinking the sun had hidden behind the clouds, but the sky was cloudless when he entered the forest. He wasn’t there long enough for that to change. Then he noticed the birds had stopped singing. The unnerving silence felt all too familiar. A sudden, sweet, nauseating stench of decay hit his nostrils. Swallowing hard, he moved further.
Cas tenses for a second and then sighs, scowling at his plate. “It all came back to me,” he says. “The flood. It was the angels who caused it. They couldn’t stand that I gave humans so much. They killed everyone out of spite and left me there alone as a punishment.” His eyes are on Dean again. “They would allow me to come back to Heaven if I found my grace, but why would I ever want to go back there? After what they did, it wasn’t my home anymore.”
They broke into his house first thing in the morning. They moved cautiously at first, with the guns ready. The place was empty, though, and looking almost completely normal - bright and clean, with matching furniture and colorful curtains. The only unusual thing was an extensive collection of books with spells and magic rituals Castiel found hidden in boxes under the bed.
Dean stayed with Castiel for another few hours, somehow having a hard time leaving while Cas was still upset. At first he tried distracting him by describing the complex plot of Doctor Sexy, but for some reason it didn’t work very well, so he went back to stories about his hunts. Cas seemed a lot more interested in that.
The leviathan shuddered, collapsing into itself. Dean felt a surge of excitement running through his body, despite what was happening to Cas. They were going to win, he could see that now. Soon everything that was left of the leviathan was a wet puddle of slime on the floor and black splashes on the walls. Dean turned with a smile to Cas, but it fell as soon as he saw Cas slumped against the wall, his eyes half closed. He was still bleeding.
“Cas, hurry up!” Dean shouts, tossing himself to the ladder. He gets to the top just in time to see Castiel reaching for the Archstone. It’s just a split second. Dean could swear that right before Cas’ fingers touch the stone, he glances back at him. And then everything goes white.
“Maybe.” Cas gently turned Dean around, towards the window. The dracaena looked as good as the day Sam had brought it; leaves no longer yellow or droopy. “Or
Jo took the keys and smiled brightly. “By the way, I hope that later you’ll share some embarrassing stories about Dean with us.”
He ended up hanging out with Castiel.
did you tell me?” He was shouting now, no longer able to stop himself. “It doesn’t change anything! It doesn’t change that I lost you, that it took me
Deciding to go deeper into the woods, he picked up an uneven pace, walking as fast as the bushes around allowed. Somewhere in the back of his mind a thought appeared that he
“Shut up, Cas. You’re alive
“I think we can rule me out as the bad guy. I just got here.”
Then they opened the door to Dorothy Baum’s room, and a pile of black goo rose from the floor, bubbling and hissing. It reached out to them with its greedy tendrils and tentacles, writhing them around.
That’s why he lay awake right now, unable to sleep. He traced the shape of Cas’ body with his eyes. It was already sealed in his mind with all its quirks and angles and scars — he knew that shape better than he knew his own. But that was never enough. He had to remember it better; the memory had to last for months, had to be vivid enough for him to bear the loneliness of the empty house and the lack of Cas' warm voice.
!?” he raised his voice in disbelief.
“You don’t mean that.” There was hurt in Dean’s voice. Cas wasn’t sure why; he was just trying to make it easier for both of them. Dean had to understand what was best for him.
“Hey, are you two okay?” Charlie asked Anna and Ruby as soon as Victor and Michael disappeared.
Castiel couldn’t stop himself from chuckling at that. Hannah was going to revoke his ‘favorite brother’ status forever.
These thoughts drive Dean up the wall. He’s going to go mad if he doesn’t get an answer soon. And it’s his own fault, because he could’ve asked.
“Your grandpa?” Castiel furrowed his brow.
Though maybe moving to another dimension wouldn’t be a terrible idea, considering Dean somehow ended up promising to visit Ash again. Hanging out with ghosts was nowhere near as bad as he’d imagined, but he still kicked himself for making that promise. Ash and Victoria would ask about Cas, and depending on how the rest of the night went, Dean might not want to deal with the answers.
Cas grimaced. “If I’m up before noon on a day off, the world must be ending.” His eyes looked more alert now, but he still had an expression of an unhappy bear woken up in the middle of hibernating. Not endearing at all, Dean told himself, as Castiel stood up, pulling his shirt in a futile attempt to straighten it out.
A low growling came from somewhere behind his back. Dean turned around with a sinking feeling. A giant saber-toothed cat stared at him intensely, showing all its teeth. He swore in his head, his heart speeding up. He was a fucking moron for not thinking there could be predators in the forest around Old Grove. This world could be magical and all, but it didn’t mean fairies and good witches were all that was out there.
before. And seeing his best friend after so long, now unexpectedly and unbelievably tangible, was bizarre. Even if the whole thing was just a mirage patched from his memories.
He fell asleep sometime later, lulled by the pitter-patter of the rain that fell steadily on the motel roof. A blond-haired woman smiled to him in his dreams, stretching out her arms, waiting for him to come closer. He stood just out of her reach, unable to move, his legs made of lead. A word was stuck in his throat, making him retch and cough spasmodically. “Mom,” he finally whispered. She didn’t seem to hear.
Dean patted him on the back, faking sympathy. “I don’t think Charlie left that up for discussion, buddy,” he said jokingly.
“And you think something is changing the forest?” Charlie asked.
They both fall silent. Dean tries to find something to say and fails; nothing seems to be the right thing. He decides to change the topic.
Dean almost fell off the chair he’d fallen asleep on, catching his breath in big gulps. Cas lay in bed next to him. He was sweaty and unconscious, his chest bandaged, but he was still himself and breathing, and Dean felt dizzy from relief. It was only a dream. He rubbed his eyes and looked around. It was already dark outside, the lanterns lighting up the streets.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Are you trying to get rid of me?”
“Maybe there’s a giant silkworm,” Dean said, joining her.
Castiel’s gaze, his eyes half-closed and thoughts unfocused, lazily followed a bunch of dandelion seeds floating in the air. It was nice not to think about anything specific, just bask in the sun and enjoy the day. The summer was coming to an end and it was probably one of the last warm days before the fall, so he and Hannah decided to take advantage of it, spending the afternoon in the park.
Dean looked for a snarky remark, but he remembered something before anything came to his mind. “I-- uh. I have something for you,” he said, and jogged to his car, leaving Castiel confused in the middle of a corridor.
grass.
“A little,” Cas admitted. “But I think I get what you’re trying to say. And you don’t have to come to terms with this today or tomorrow, we have time Dean. Or we’ll all die because of the thing in the forest and it won’t matter anymore.”
Dean gave Cas a small smile. “I’ve never meet a forest spirit before.”
“I am no longer an angel of the Lord, Dean. I cannot be that when I worship someone else.” He then locks his blue eyes with mine and leans his face for a kiss.
Kudos to Gabe’s restraint to not chop some dick in front of an audience and risking another month of getting ignored by Cas:))
. I’m still a little skeptical about the reality part, but unexpectedly I’m enjoying it a lot. Not sure if it’s because of the special effects that are really good, or everything that happens there is actually real, but it did give me some scares here and there.
your consent, Dean. This is not something that I want to decide on my own. It is
This stirs another laughing fit from Gabriel, while Cas is staring in shock at me. I then hear Gabriel calling me to sit with him, adding after I take a seat on the expensive furniture. “Dean, I feel like there’s a strong connection between us. Maybe you’re actually my long-lost brother?”
My maniacal laugh and Cas’s horrified face are the only things left in the house the next moment.
He grimaces at that and ends up sighing. “I am the last person on earth who could understand him– actually understand anyone around me.”
“–ean!” I’m abruptly pulled out of my thoughts by the feeling of cold fingers touching mine. Cas looks ashamed. “Y-you said that touching your hands will keep you focused.” He takes his hand back, his voice trembling. “I am so sorry for touching you without permission. I am also very sorry for confusing you. It was not my intention. I only bring you grieve, Dean.”
But I don’t say anything, since I’ll end up punching him in the end, so I just take my milkshake and leave while angrily slurping from the straw.
Cas is the one lightly holding my hand, his legs sprawled out on the ground and his head laying into an uncomfortable position on the bed. I don’t remember how I got here, but I know for sure that something must have been possessing me to ask him to hold my hand, while looking the weakest I’ve ever been my whole life in front of an alpha.
“Nah. He’s as tame as a kitten. Despite him not understanding my glorious puns, he’s actually quite fun to have around, you know.” I do sense an unexpected drop of gentleness in my voice when I talk about Cas.
I sigh. “So we also need to get you on the right track on movies as well.”
. Oh, sweet flannels. How I’ve missed you my sweethearts.
Cas takes a seat at the counter as well, opposite of me. “You always look so out of it in the morning, Dean. Have you always been like that?” Cas asks when he sees that I’ve finished my coffee. It’s good that at least he seems to learn how to handle me.
? Poor Garth has a full body shivering during the ‘darling’ part and says with a tiny scared voice, after releasing me. “Please stay away from that creep, Dean. He got the hots for me, even after I blatantly rejected him. Who knows what he would do to a sweetheart like you?”
I hate him. I don’t think I’ve ever hated anyone as I hated him this moment. Even if he’s gentle with me, this only turns my stomach even more. Violence is something that I’m used to. Violence hidden in gentleness disgusts me as nothing before.
My shudder only exacerbates the numb feeling in my arms bounded uncomfortably above my head. Looking at the headboard more closely though, I can see a nail that I can use for the handcuffs, which fortunately comes out rather easily.
At least the lights are on now and I can focus on Cas trying to talk to me. Theoretically it should only last a few minutes, but I swear that it always feels like hours. Fortunately, this one seems to pass quite quickly – probably because I feel more relaxed with Cas here – and I’m able to move my fingers enough to caress Cas’s palm. He seems to deflate a little when he feels it. “That is right, Dean. Just like that. Focus on me. You are safe. I am here for you.” This guy should do ASMR or something, since his deep voice is pulling me back to sleep for some reason. Before I let my eyelids completely close though, I’m able to move enough to bury my face into his chest. This feels so
“Dean, an alpha will come see you today.” This was the first thing Garth said to me the moment he woke me up.
“Okay, Cas. You can keep that lamp on if it makes you feel better. Let’s go to sleep.” I lie down on the left side, while Cas is still standing next to the bed.
Despite that, I don’t plan on telling him about my fantasies. That’s the kind of coward that I am.
Tightening his lips at my words, Cas says sadly but staring deeply into my eyes. “I am aware of the unfair law, but me signing it should be enough for them, and you signing it would be enough for me.”
“This is why you saved me? To torture me again and again?” The tears threatening to escape me now are for a different reason than my shortness of breath.
I try to answer unperturbed. “Don’t want a nickname?”
. I completely forgot about that. Though, I still find it very weird. “Cas, what’s even the point of me signing it? Not like my signature would have any effects if you were to honor that contract or not.” An omega signature will always have the same effect as a random smudge on paper, no reason for him to go to these lengths.
Written on it with big bold letters: ‘Becky Rosen. Editor-in-chief’. What the hell is that? I quickly decide to throw away her business card at the closest trash can and make my way to the pie store.
After a little too many seconds of silence, Garth finally answers. “Whaaat? Protected you? The great Dean Winchester has been protected by an alpha? What's the world coming to?”
. I slowly open my eyes again more carefully and while I try to ignore the horrible light coming from the windows, I slowly crawl my way to a big bowl which we probably used to eat chips (don’t have any memory of it, though) and with the thought that I don’t even know where the bathroom is anyway, so no regrets, I start puking there.
My questions are answered the second I open the door and feel the delicious smell of food, then seeing Cas himself working on cooking it right now. Yes, the first person I wanted to see after jerking off to him last night.
“N-no. Of course not, Dean. I will be there when I am done.” So, he’s not gonna admit it. Well, there’s still the chance of me being wrong and Cas not actually being
Cas asks incredulously though. “How can you still love pies after what they have done to you, Dean?”
Warnings: Alcohol abuse, vomiting, hangover.
“I’m in the mood for a horror movie.” I say after he finished his pie and while he’s drinking some water, which he immediately chokes on. “What’s with you and choking today, Cas?” I flirty wink at him, but he’s not even looking at me in the eye now.
“What?” I turn irritated at them, though I know the reason they act like that. It’s probably not related to me scratching the table (or maybe that one as well?) but more like related to the fact that omegas usually don’t drink alcohol, since it’d prevent them from slaving efficiently to their alphas as they should. Sometimes, the alphas get them drunk just for fun, but this probably won’t lead them to effortlessly open a beer bottle and drinking so much of it this happily.
me. At least they didn’t leave scars on my face, with the rule that an omega should at least keep his
“NO! I will not listen to this ever again!” Gabriel shouts, getting a big mouthful of beer after quickly opening it.
We both turn our heads in his direction, while he picks two more bottles and gives Cas one. “I do not wish to take part in such kind of unhealthy habit,” Cas sighs putting the bottle on the table. “It has no benefits besides giving you a fake feeling of happiness for a little while, then getting you sick in the morning, and making me clean up all the vomit from the floor.”
all the types of flannels that I could find.
“Why would my words make you so angry, Dean?” I’ll punch him! Or I would’ve definitely punched him until now if it weren’t for his confused voice and his acting like he has absolutely no idea what’s happening here. Alphas don’t act like this for fuck’s sake! They don’t need my opinions and don’t try to understand me.
After Garth left my room, I tried to think of ways to occupy my time until the asshole alpha will finally make his apparition. Unlike other centers, this one is quite omega friendly, since we are allowed to go to a common room to play different board games or socialize, the cafeteria which is my favorite place (especially on Thursdays – they have pies), outside to a small garden or the library - been there only once with the small hope of finding some lost porn mags or at least some comic books – though of course they only had stupid books on how to be the
This is gonna be a long night.
, since I’m going to get bought just like a random object. I’m no longer a human to them, even
Cas notices my discomfort too and offers “Would you like to sleep in the downstairs room? The bed is not as comfortable as in your own room, but it seems like you will not be able to get upstairs easily and it is also a better choice than the couch.”
Ignoring the battle cries of Gabriel in the background, we start to follow after Garth who is already quite ahead of us, probably trying to get as far away from Gabriel as well. I whisper to Cas “Please tell me that he won’t live with us? I’ll end up punching him or worse, sooner or later.” Probably sooner. Most probably in a few minutes.
Only then, I completely separate from him and turn with a wave. “See you around, Garth!” Almost missing his own wave and hearing a sad “See you, Dean!”
It’s not like I didn’t expect this to happen, but this guy is a complete
Enjoy!
them. All my life I hated alphas. I
get tired of his different expressions.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel only smirks proudly at him. “Ohoo! Cas, the overprotective hubby!” He continues dramatically. “But don’t worry my little brother, despite my initial reticence, I shall not come between you lovebirds! Not when little Cassy is finally getting the hang of it!” he says while slowly squeezing Cas’s cheeks.
“You can’t, Cas. You’re not even watching it anymore.” I respond, feeling amused by his feeble attempts. “Why are you forcing yourself to watch it if it’s not your cup of tea? Lots of people don’t like horror movies and are scared of them, it’s not something to try to be brave about.”
After doing my leg guitar move and seeing that Cas is looking at his phone, probably planning to call Gabe (or some mental hospital) I finally jump off the counter. “Come on, Cas, dance with me! Show me dem moves!” I say while continuing my erratic dancing.
I’m already crossing the bridge when Garth answers. “Hello?”
. Are we both a bunch of masochists, who like to beat ourselves for the same things? So, I take a big breath and say something that I never imagined I’ll ever say to an alpha. I seem to do this a lot ever since I met Cas. “You know, I’m actually enjoying a lot these days spent with you, Cas. You’re a cooler guy than you give yourself credit for.”
Cas’s thoughtful expression ends and he looks straight in my eyes while saying something that shocks me just as well. “I used to go to this certain sex club where I–” Only to be stopped by Gabriel raising a hand in front of him.
Misha once said that Cas is on the autistic spectrum and that also inspired me to try to write him like this as well.
I can now see a clear trace of fear on Cas’s face, like
. It’ll just be a sleepover. Like I did with my friends when I was little. I can do this.
Seeing my shocked look, she continues. “You’re Cas’s omega, right?” My face is probably getting more flabbergasted by the second but she laughs even harder at it. “Don’t be so shocked! I’m Cas’s colleague from work, but between us,” Charlie then lowers her voice and gets closer to me. “The moment I heard he got an omega, my first instinct was to dig out everything about you, so I know most of your life by now.”
I must look pretty shocked, though I have no idea why am I so surprised. It’s beyond me why do I keep forgetting that even if Cas acts like a lost child, he’s still a freaking
“Do you want me to sleep with you?” I calmly say to him, but my brain has caught up with what I ended up saying way too late.
Before opening my mouth and asking more about it, he stops in front of a store. I was so engrossed in our conversation that I didn’t notice that we already got into civilization. Now that I realize, it was quite a short walk despite the lots of nature around Cas’s house.
I’m shaken from my thoughts by finally getting to civilization. It’s a weird feeling though. Usually, I used to be pumped up on suppressants and the people wouldn’t bat an eye on the normal betas or the arrogant looking alphas. My thoughts get to
When the movie finally ends, and after a few moments of hesitation, Cas releases my hand to get up sluggishly from the couch. “I think I will go to bed now. What about you, Dean?” Cas asks, but even his voice is lifeless, like he lost his soul instead of making it stronger.
? “Are you an angel of the
“No, no, I’m okay, Cas. You were just too funny, that’s all.” That moment, I also realize something else. Did Gabriel also see my sorry state from yesterday? So, I ask Cas “Did Gabriel come here to help you out?”
Cas takes a few moments to answer though, since he’s probably just as shocked as me. “Please tell me what is happening, or leave
I’ve already been alive for 27 years now and I know that this world has nothing good to offer to an omega like me who fights against the waves.
He clears his throat, clearly taken aback by my words. “Yeah… Yes, I will do that starting tomorrow.” I start laughing loud then, since this is definitely something I’d expect a kid to say, especially with his guilty posture. I actually feel a little embarrassed at me thinking of dirty things, when this guy is acting so innocent.
Here's Cas!
Opening my eyes, I can see handcuffs keeping my arms tied to a headboard. I’m also laying in a comfortable bed, though this situation is anything but comfortable.
As a side note, I'll add the next chapter in a few minutes, since I didn't expect to love Garth this much and spend a whole chapter on him, while also wanting you to meet Cas as soon as possible.
in a sex club?” I ask incredulously.
I want to hug him, right in this moment.
Since I get no reaction from Cas, I change the subject. “By the way, you seemed pretty familiar with that guy. Do you know him well, or something?” I then go back to my forgotten hot chocolate, which is no longer that hot anymore.
“It does not make any sense, but okay, Dean.” The whole conversation doesn’t make any sense, but at least I’m distracted from my dirty thoughts, so it’s all good.
He sadly sighs but unfortunately doesn’t give in. “A search through internet, helped me find out that whatever happened last night seems to be related to sleep paralysis. Have you ever heard of this term?”
? Wasn’t I the one attacked, but
“’kay, Cas. I’ll clean the table, then prepare the movie.” He froze again at my words, making me more sure of my theory. “Is there something wrong?”
“It’s not that big of a deal, Cas” I shrug. “I do have my own collar given by the center.” Not like I wore a collar that much, since I always used suppressants to pass as an alpha or beta whenever I was outside on my own. But he doesn’t need to know this detail. The thought of running away is also at the back of my mind, but that stupid implanted chip is a pain in the ass and I don’t know where I could get those kinds of devices that Benny used to deactivate the chips and keep everyone out of our tracks.
I grab the jacket that resembles the one dad used to wear, and I’m immediately immersed into the feeling of having a new layer of protection around me. I
His bloody lips turn to mirror my own smirk. “The name is Castiel. Never
He turns to look hesitantly into my eyes now. “What if I end up hurting you? I cannot control my reactions very well during these moments.”
I only give a wink back at him, but I do feel my heart growing under his praise, so I try to keep my mind in the present and enjoy the food without thinking of unpleasant memories.
I finally got back to my mission to buy the ingredients I needed, but another troublemaker – probably a Karen – wants to ruin another day again by trying to cut in front of me in the cash register line. “Omegas should know their place!” And other gibberish like calling for the manager. Definitely a Karen.
Cas ignores him and turns to me. “Dean, your arrival here was quite unexpected, so we will need to buy more things for your accommodation and also some food. Would you mind coming with me to the store, or do you feel tired from the trip?”
Unfazed, Cas responses. “Then I will not refuse, Gabriel.”
Of course, he has dirty thoughts about me. But him admitting that so easily, while remembering that I fantasied about him also
But the most important question is actually what the hell am I doing? Poor guy can’t even read me and despairs when he thinks that he’s the problem. Well, he
After closing my eyes and resigning myself to this cruel fate, I also feel my stomach churning.
He finally removes the pillow from his face. “I want to try to step out of my comfort zone. I feel like I am not making any progress and I want to become a person that you can count on.” His face twists in pain. “Not one that cannot even stop people from trying to harm you.”
“Beige.” He points to his trench coat. “Colors like this one.”
When he returns, we both stay in our own chair, wrapped in the fluffiest blankets I’ve ever felt. This is really
At that moment, I couldn’t hold myself back from laughing; Garth getting even more appalled by this. “You’re laughing now, but he’ll definitely not let you live without knowing these horrific details as well!” Only then, Garth seems to remember about the elephant in the room. “So, you’ll finally leave, Dean,” He tries to smile but looks like he has something else to say as well. “I mean, I’m really happy for you! There’s a chance that they’re nice people, even though Gabriel is completely insane,” He starts laughing. “Do you know what kinda face Gabriel made when that guy told him that he’s in love with you? I thought that he’ll be the one to shit himse- ugh… I remembered the chicken again… I’ll never look at a chicken the same way again after this.”
These kinds of thoughts though, also remind me of Sammy when he used to tell me that he’ll become the strongest when he’ll grow up, and that he’ll be the one to protect me then. A bitter taste comes into my mouth at the thought of how different our lives could’ve been if our mother didn’t separate us.
Frowning, he answers. “I do not listen to music.”
. They did take me to an omega center, where the alphas I ended up with were still a bunch of assholes. But at least they weren’t allowed to beat the shit out of me. Or have the sick idea of locking me up into a coffin.
After I quickly put my signature in the destined place (didn’t expect this Dick guy to actually make the documents so accurate, especially with how much he seems to hate this), I tap Cas on the shoulder to break him out of his happy place. Fortunately, he swiftly reacts and takes the documents to sign them, definitely just as worn out as I am by Dick’s outbreak and just as eager to get over with everything already.
Finally detaching from me, I give him a bloody feral smirk. “Keep dreaming, you sick son of a bitch.”
Can I just say that poor Cas with his fear of touching was running on pure adrenaline while trying to carry Dean since nobody wanted to help an omega?:(
“Unfortunately, yes. My name is Castiel Novak and if you have any more problems, please report me to the police station. Now, please give the phone back to
Only then, he seems to recover from his reverie and says “No, Dean, I love it. Especially the way your voice sounded when you said it.”
“Ughhh, fineee! Keep your silent treatment, then! But don’t forget that I’ll never give up!” Gabriel babbles while starting the luxurious car. I’ve never ridden such a nice car, where not only the seats feel like you’re swimming in them but also the purring of the motor sends chills through my spine. This just makes me miss my baby even more. The car that father left me got confiscated after getting caught by the police seven months ago and didn’t have any opportunity to look for her until today. Maybe after these 6 months will pass, I’ll be able to search for her again.
“They are not
But instead of a cute reaction he retorts. “And
? “And I can completely understand your reticence to it. So, we will sign a contract where we will agree on all of these. Even if you do not trust me, I will try to show you these months that I really mean it, Dean. I truly believe that this must be love, so during these months I also want to see if I can confirm this. Maybe it is strange to you, but to me this is very important.”
“YOU! HOW DARE YOU!!” Dick raises from his seat and keeps pointing angrily at me.
The finger goes inside until the knuckle, then he retracts it and pushes back again and again. It doesn’t hurt, but my brain and soul are devastated.
. They sometimes occur randomly, with nothing happening during the day to set them off.
Like I would give him a fucking answer when I know that this night will be anything but good, with me horny and sick. We also missed our date today because a stupid disgusting alpha got to me and made me overdose on pies.
catch this one. But he has no reaction and just keeps looking at me. So, I finally ask sighing. “Yours?”
When I notice that Dick has finally calmed down a little, but still giving me disgusted looks, I happily use the opportunity for another dick joke. “Do you have a boner to pick with me? Well, I’m sorry but I don’t speak dick language.” Is all I need to say before he’s two seconds away from blowing up again.
Cas wears a dumbfounded face after my outburst, but Gabriel smirks like he knows what’s going on. Fine, asshole. “Gabe, truth or dare?”
accusations. You seem to have kept quite a low profile these months. Are you that ready to lose what you have now for so little? I recommend you to leave right now and never approach this man again.” I can hear a smirk in her voice now. “It only took me two minutes to dig that much information out of you. Don’t fuck with me again.”
I decide to be the first one. “I’ll explain later, Cas. You should just get your feathery ass to freshen up while the food cools off. I’m hangry!” But before Cas could ask again “Hungry plus angry. Me. Got it, Cas?”
The next moment, his head turns and beautiful blue eyes are staring sleepily into mine. “Dean?” He suddenly tries to get up, but cracking bones and more pained noises come out of him. Just how crazy is this guy to spend the whole night watching over a fucked-up stranger? “Are you okay? I didn’t know what to do. Gabriel said that you will get better on your own, but he is not a doctor and you kept passing out and saying unintelligible words and would not want to go to the hospital–”
Cas definitely notices. I can’t see his face but he’s completely still and tense. His fists are tight. Yet, he doesn’t say anything. Doesn’t move. A few minutes when I feel calm enough, I turn around and give him an “Okay” in a small, tight voice, then make my way to the kitchen in an attempt to occupy myself with anything else.
As I make my way out of the door, I decide to at least make myself appear busy by talking on the phone that Cas has bought for me that day at the mall – for some reason I always end up in trouble every time I’m alone outside.
“Are you with me, Dean? Should I take you to the hospital?” He’s suddenly besides me, in front of the wheel. The time is always passing strangely when I’m like this and minutes seem like seconds to me.
At least Cas is visibly panicking now. “Wha– No– Dean– This is not– Actually–” He finally stops his blabbering and takes a big breath. “The thing is that I keep seeing weird shadows… They look like that girl, Dean! The one from the movie. Like I know there is no possible way that she could come here, but every time I close my eyes, it is like I see her…”
My wrists are tied.
Even if I'm more of a Sabriel fan, or should I just go with OT3 Sagarthiel? :D
Cas suddenly stands up, both his hands clenched and says defeatedly. “I know that, brother”.
He nods, though still doesn’t make any move to get up for some reason, and just stares aimlessly at our intertwined hands.
Gabriel laughs, putting an arm around Cas. “But that’s why it’s so amazing! Self-destruction has always been the most fun way to pass the time since forever!” Cas rolls his eyes at him, though Gabriel continues happily. “Also, if you get drunk with us, you won’t need to take care of anyone since you’re just as smashed!” Gabriel laughs even louder now, like he’s already drunk.
morning and my pained groan definitely gets the message across. But still, I slowly raise my head and try to take the cup to bring it to my mouth. This is like an almost impossible mission with my jelly hands, but Cas helps me stabilize the cup enough to get a few sips for my parched throat.
them and his next words. “Why should I like
Though, after taking a seat on a nearby bench and only now seeing his hunched shoulders and his panicky moves make me realize something. I’m a complete
“A colleague? At work only Charlie–” He suddenly stops, remembering something. “Charlie said she had some business to attend to, during lunch, but I imagined that she only went on a date with her
My thoughts are being interrupted though, by the lock to my room turning. Well, another day, a new alpha to piss off.
. Companions they say. This is just sugar coating the word
Cas interrupts him by sitting between us on the couch, frowning. “This is disturbing. You are not only insinuating that one of our parents slept around, but also claiming that I’m pursuing an incestuous relationship, since I’m
my ass. This will prove that I’m definitely underestimating Cas. “Dare.” I spit out, smirking.
omegas. It’s like the sun is shining out of this guy’s ass and whatever I say doesn’t seem to affect him. He’s just a nice guy who keeps giving motivational quotes and bear hugs, while telling obviously make-up stories that have nothing to do with this cruel world.
“Dude, you didn’t even know me. Even now, I still find it hard to believe that you are head over hills for me.” I say exasperatedly, after I stopped eating as well. “Are you a hundred percent sure that this might be love? Maybe you are confused?” I remember that this is what Gabe asked him as well during our truth or dare game, but he avoided answering it for some reason.
. He continues. “I also apologize for my words. I have not realized that they would affect you so much. I do have the bad tendency to say the wrong things at the wrong time,” No shit, Sherlock. “So, I would like to start anew. Nice to meet you, Dean.”
helping. “Relax, Cas! Let the music flow through your veins!”
Both of their heads turn at me, Gabriel’s genuine smile getting more evil by the second. “Let’s do this!” He suddenly screams next to Cas’s ear, receiving an elbow in the stomach in response.
Cas looks at him with mild annoyance and retorts “I have no idea what ‘amusing ideas’ you’re talking about, especially when you always used to call me ‘no fun’.” While repeatedly bending two fingers of both of his hands in V signs during his speech. What does that even mean? Not only it looks weird, but also so childish for an alpha.
The laws are not easy on omegas. They used to be even worse, but with time, they say it got better.
“The one and only! How have you been, dude?” I raise my voice a little, since his antics always gave me a good mood.
In the end, maybe it doesn’t even matter if he’s lying. Only hearing those words is enough for me.
Another thing I notice is the sound of TV. Did Cas forgot it on when he left for work? Does he even watch TV before going to work?
Shit Shit Shit. He starts to pick up his pace, but I try to focus on his words, not the pleasure that starts to spread everytime he moves, even though my brain still fights on trying to make my body sick at the same time. I can’t live like this. Hell is not a better option either, though a sick part of me still feels that I’d rather torture others, than feeling this kind of humiliation.
I'll also treat some sensitive subjects, but since it's a WIP, I promise to add any triggers in tags and notes as we get to them.
. “Oh.” He clears his throat and finally changes the subject as well. “If it would not be a bother to you, you can give it a try tomorrow. I will leave the credit card on the counter as always if you are in a need to shop for more ingredients. But, Dean… No overdoses on pies again, please. You could really end up in the hospital.” Cas now has a concerned look.
Without thinking too much he answers nonchalantly. “Actually, today, something embarrassing happened to me. For some reason, I found myself in front of my 30-year brother, who most of his life didn’t give a damn for the ones who loved him, but suddenly he’s head over heels for a stranger–”
Cas opens his mouth, probably trying to form a response, though Gabriel stops him by suddenly roaring “Let’s get drunk!”
. Now I realize that during my way in the isolated hall that leads to the bathroom I’ve been cornered by three alphas. Because of my foggy mind I didn’t even notice it.
“The night is still young for me, so I’m gonna binge more Dr. Sexy episodes.” I continue talking when he doesn’t have any reaction to it. “Good night, Cas.”
Unfortunately, Karen turns her attention to me. “You're so lucky to have such a celebrity as your alpha! Let’s be friends! Here’s my number!” She excitedly thrusts a business in my hands and leaves. “Call me!” She says while merrily going her way. What the
I try to lift up the mood though. “Yet, you still did dirty stuff at those sex clubs.” I laugh as he helps me get on the bed.
To say that Cas is stupefied is an understatement. I’m not sure how long he’s been there for, but in my dancing frenzy, it could’ve been a very long time.
He gently takes it, but now, without the panic I felt the last times when he had to do it, I can enjoy his warmness and how well our hands fit together. He still flinches and screeches at some scenes, but he seems to make a conscious effort at keeping his hand relaxed.
“What?!” I jump from my seat and slap my hands on the table. This is
“No, I’m Charlie.” She amusedly responds, putting a hand on her hip.
After I take the shower in the unexpectedly big bathroom, I can feel all the weariness catching up to me. So, after changing my clothes, I turn off the lights and directly pass out on the unmade but soft bed.
After finally arriving to the mall, we find ourselves in the first clothing store where I saw
I smirk, having an idea what his next words are going to be. “Why is Novak in love with you, Dean?!” only for Garth to prove me wrong. No
Gabriel turns exasperatedly to him. “Brother, I can’t take this anymore! Are you planning to do the ignoring game just like before? Do you know how much I suffered being ignored by you for a whole month? You’re the only one who can understand me in this whole world!” Gabriel laments dramatically while making weird gestures in the air.
Little did he know that Cas would actually feel grateful if he were to do that :D
I go to the oven and pull out two reheated pies I’ve bought from the store. Cas gives me a concerned look now though. “Is this the first pie you have eaten today?” Momma hen in action. I do try to look nonchalant and only shrug, but Cas only grows more suspicious. “How many, Dean?”
“They’re
I haven't planned for this, but Garth/Gabriel kinda gives me ideas. What would their name be? Garthiel? XD
After all, maybe some alphas are not that
Not Cas, though. He’s so relaxed now and happily walking like he just enjoys being in this moment. It makes me wonder what’s really inside his head right now.
to finally see me getting what I deserve. I already know that my living expenses are using your money for free, since there is no alpha crazy enough to buy me.” Not like I feel indebted to these scumbags anyway, since this is more like an omega farm which only cares about making as much money on omegas as it can. I only feel sorry for Garth since he’s wasting his time to make me feel better about this.
“Dean!” I suddenly raise my head, watching a worried Cas making his way to me. “Are you okay? I kept calling you but you seemed deep in thought. Do you have a fever? Your face is getting red. I will bring a thermometer–”
“What? What angel powers? I do not understand that reference, Dean.” Cas is back to his always confused state and his cute gestures. I don’t know if I should be mad that he doesn’t get any allusions or head over hills over his adorable quirks.
Also, Cas's fear of touching will get expanded more in the future (it also has its own triggers that are already tagged)
After saying my goodbyes to Garth, I leave along with Cas and Gabriel. Gabriel is still sulking and trying to get Cas’s attention, which he adamantly refuses to give it, by looking everywhere else but him.
I stop my tentative at opening the handcuffs and close my palm to hide the nail, once this trench coat wearing guy enters the room. He looks like a normal human, but all demons look like ones.
Gabriel laughs out loud, though Cas makes an incredulous expression. “But won’t you get sick this way, Dean?”
I turn my face the other way, trying to avoid his hand. “This is fucked up. How about you just let me go and take me out on a date first? I think you’d have greater chances of me returning your feelings if you were to do that?”
Right now, we’re sitting on the couch next to each other, while Cas is hiding his face behind a pillow.
bad for my heart.
The next moment though, I suddenly remember that the stew is still on the stove and make a run for it. Fortunately, it only stuck a little at the bottom of the pot, but it’s still salvageable.
Of course, that only pissed off the asshole who’s now walking angrily after me. “Who the fuck do you think you are, slut!” Oh yes, the forever used
much more than it should.
He seems a little taken back by my sudden question that he widens his eyes and says “My apologies, Dean. This should have been the first thing I should have said to you before my impromptu love declaration. My name is Castiel,”
Opening my eyes after what seemed only a few moments later, I realize that instead of Cas’s warm chest, I’m hugging a pillow. At least he’s holding my hand, but is he really hating cuddling that much to replace himself with a pillow? There’s lot of light in the room, so it’s probably quite late. At least it’s Saturday and I didn’t make Cas miss another work day. Though him sleeping this late is unusual. Did he try to watch over me after that, or did I have more nightmares?
That moment, the main trash suddenly aims a punch at me. Unfortunately for him, I also have quick legs and easily avoid him, though the next time he gets up for a second round, a red-haired girl suddenly jumps in front of me with her arms stretched and her small back standing protectively in front of me.
“You’re going to regret giving so many liberties to that omega! You heed my words!” The dick raises again and starts to pull away.
He moves to keep my legs in the air with only one hand pressing the back of my thighs, though still as powerful, and I’m unable to move at all. Then, I feel a cold lubed finger penetrating me. “My grace should help reducing the pain since you are so tight. I do want you to enjoy this, Dean.” He says looking into my eyes.
Another jump scare takes me back to the present, especially with Cas’s strong flinching back into the couch cushions. I hear myself talking before my brain catches up. “Hey Cas. Want me to hold your hand?”
I have no idea how a person can have such an intense stare just from asking for a little trip to the store. Also, his way of asking for my permission and looking out for me is so unfamiliar that I’m left speechless for a few moments. “I can go now.” I finally answer him.
The way his face dropped, makes me feel even worse.
Unexpectedly, Cas looks strangely satisfied. “Okay, Dean.” Did I dig my own unexpected grave? Though, he continues with his own question. “What’s your favorite color?”
“What’s your name?” I mumble.
“Cas! Stop it already!” I angrily raise my voice completely stopping him. I know that it’s not his fault, but all the doctors I’ve ever met my whole life, were a bunch of assholes who didn’t give a shit about me and only did painful check-ups on me, or roughly treated any injuries from my punishments enough to not die or not remain with permanent damage. Like I would trust an asshole like that with my mind. Even if the thought of remaining a vegetable my whole life, is a nightmare I often use to have.
Despite that, it’s been a few days since me and Cas have been sharing his bed. The second night, I was staying later than Cas as usual, but was planning to sleep back in my room and use a spare blanket and pillow, since mine were still in his room. However, a kicked puppy waited for me in front of his room and after sighing to his mumbling “I cannot sleep, Dean.”, I followed him back to his room.
“Let’s go, Dean.”
. The moment you realize your whole being belongs to me will be the moment you will find freedom, Dean.” He then leans again, only to harshly bite my shoulder, strong enough to draw blood. “You are mine, Dean. And I will make sure you know that too.”
Before getting attacked by one of them, I suddenly hear other voices and see the same uniforms that saved me a few years ago. Some police officers are making their way towards us, catching the assholes that were trying to run away.
He then continues, shuddering and grimacing. “I went to stop you, but then you both jumped and pinned me to the ground,”
should’ve stopped me from being shocked or what? Of course, I should be used to people reading papers that describe my whole life but this is infinitely
So, I decide to take Cas’s offer and get outside for some fresh air and maybe buy myself some sweet pies.
“Minding my own business, which you’re clearly
I slowly understand what he meant after a few more seconds of him getting a more and more concerned look. “I’m f’ne C-Cas.” I can’t control my slurring voice, but I try to keep talking. “C-can’t f-focus.” I feel my heart breaking at his despairing look, despite the fact that all of me feels like it’s already scrambled in thousands of pieces. “-and. ‘ur h-hand. K-keeps me here.” I don’t know why I would think that the feel of his hand would keep me grounded, but the warm shaking fingers gently intertwining with mine suddenly send me to far away memories of me holding Sammy’s hand when he had a nightmare in the middle of the night. Or my mother and father’s big hands holding mine while walking on the streets. “T’ke me h-home, Cas.” His grip is suddenly tightening for a few moments as if he’d been started by something, but he starts the car and despite my slowly losing grip on reality, his hand does keep me from completely losing myself.
(See the end of the chapter for
As a side note, I know that in the ABO verse usually the mating doesn’t need to be consensual, but since I always hated that in every story I read, I changed it for this fic. Also, an omega’s heat is going to be different as well in here which will get explored during Dean's (eventual) heat (that will take a while to happen since I'm a slow writer and didn't even manage to get to the boys' date this chapter:(
So, I snap out. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” He has no reaction, just keeps looking at me just as intensely as he did the first second he stepped into my room. I start to raise my voice even louder. “Is this a new strategy on how to tame the craziest omega no one managed to? Did you make a bet with your other asshole alpha friends that you’ll be the one to do it? Or is this just how fucked up you really are and this is a stupid joke to piss me off?” I feel my fists tightening even more (when did I close them?). That moment, I’m starting to realize the consequences of my stupid outburst. He
“N-no! F-fuck you, you piece of shit. I fucking hate you so much. I hope you die choking on your own blood a thousand times over, you sick fuck!” It makes me so sick. Being touched there usually felt so good, that my body is used to react like now. But my mind is in a complete turmoil. I can’t find a way to escape. I can’t even fight. Fighting only brings more pain. Just like in Hell. Only now it’s not my soul being tortured. Feeling my own body being touched like this awakens even more distress from inside me. I’ve been dreaming for so long to get back into this body, but now I’m starting to wonder what actually hurts more.
Only for Cas to give me an offended look and suddenly stomping upstairs.
Though the next moment I feel a strong hand closing on my throat and cutting the air supply, pinning me back to the bed. But before I lose consciousness, the pressure disappears and I gulp big mouthfuls of sweet air back into my lungs. I also feel my hands roughly dragged back into the handcuffs.
Cas frowns confusedly at Gabriel, only to end up sighing and taking Gabriel’s bottle from his hand. “Brother, do not get drunk yet, we just started the game,” Then turns with a serious expression to me. “Please do not listen to my brother, Dean, I will never do anything that you do not want me to.”
“Did Alastair send you?” I spit out, desperation starting to creep into my bones with every moment.
I finally answer in a small trembling voice “C-Cas… C-can’t g-get up…” Now that the rush of adrenaline is gone, I’m badly dissociating and can’t even move or focus on anything. It’s a miracle that I managed to spew a few words out. That is if Cas caught them.
. Well, I was before today too, but ignoring and leaving such a distressed being who actually came to a mall full of people to get things for my comfort, it’s too much even for my lowly standards. But ever since I saw that jacket, I felt like something big broke inside of me. I thought that everything that could be broken was long gone, but it seems like there is still one thing or two left there.
I do feel a lot appreciation for the way Garth tries to humanize some words. It’s not ‘release contract’, more like a
He finally startles out of his daydreaming and shakily makes his way to the bed. “Right… I usually sleep on the right side.” This is probably the first day when Cas is not able to keep eye contact for more than a few seconds for so many times already. At least his embarrassment helps me keep up my composure.
This is anything but a
After paying as well, Karen follows me out of the store and I get to call Cas. “Hello, Dean. Did something happen?”
the problem.
Cas grimaces while trying to look ahead of us. “Fortunately, he is not. Unfortunately, I will probably end up doing that before you have the chance.”
as he says, it should buy me a few moments.
I decide to not let my self-hate eat again at me and try for a small smile. “How about breakfast, Cas?”
With Gabriel writhing in pain, Cas’s intense stare power emerges and nods an approving “Okay, Dean.”
So many years of fighting for my freedom helped me become even stronger than a normal beta. Also, because of my physique and height - which are way bigger than the average omega - I can even pass for an alpha. Since everyone is counting on their sense of smell to determinate someone’s designation, along with the way they act, by using suppressants and the right attitude, I can easily trick anyone (did that in the past a lot – maybe a reason why I know how dominance feels like on my skin and I know the right tactics to piss them off).
weird fetishes. If that’s so, then why the hell am I so affected? Why did my heart skip a beat and now is running twice as fast, as if being scared that I will die if it won’t beat like it will recover that moment of silence?
“Tim Janklow!” She suddenly screams at him, a look of shock appearing on his face then. “Been working at Biggerson’s for two months now, but got thrown out of your past jobs for the same reasons: altercations, fights, harassment,
Gabriel then finds his cue to get into the conversation. “You see Dean, our Cas here is wasting all his good opportunities in life and choosing to live his life like a reclusive in this small remote house, while being your average working slave, instead of swimming in money like we all do!” Gabriel chuckles, definitely trying to get a reaction from Cas.
. Even I heard of them. They run some big corporations and all of them must be another stuck-up assholes who need an omega to lick their shoes as the rest of the world does.
I’m left still in a shocked state for a few more moments, but then release a small laugh.
Ignoring Gabriel’s background noise of ‘I’m not delusional!’ I give Cas a serious look. “Cas, Gabriel
“I know, Dean. It means that I just do not like the other alphas out there.” He sighs. “Well, except for a few ones. Like my brother.” Is he serious? An alpha hating on other alphas for being too alpha?
Cas seems a little amused at this, but only nods and heads to the stairs.
tell her directly that. Sneaky chick.
His pace is becoming brutal now, and I can no longer keep the anguished moans from coming out. He’s also stroking my very hard cock and I feel like I’m about to cry, since I’m a few moments away from actually coming from this. I now realize that the tears have been rolling down my face for a while now, but the moment I come, I start sobbing loudly. Everything is too much, especially since he keeps thrusting inside even though I start to feel over-sensitive there.
“Haven’t expected you to ride a pimpmobile.” I say while we get into the car.
That moment though, I can hear the door slowly opening. Actually, it’s slowly because of how heavy it is. A
“This pie shall remain in me until being naturally evacuated and getting all its love through my entire system! I shall not expel it by puking!” I keep my dramatical acting but I do feel that I may have actually eaten two pies
“’Night Cas.” I don’t think it’s gonna be a good night with him on the same bed as me, while being surrounded by his smell, but I do feel oddly at peace right now.
the one confused dammit!
We end up talking a little more, until he has to leave to get back to work and making the promise that we should keep in contact from now on. Yes, we definitely should. I definitely feel better after hearing his voice.
“Hey, cheeky is you, son of a bitch.” I actually laugh now.
“You bitch!” All of them scream into my face all kinds of insults, but I still kick and punch at everything I reach to.
. He gave me his number when I left, so I also saved it on the phone, besides Cas’s and Gabriel’s (Cas said to have it just in case).
“Our tastes do not seem to match at all.” He finally responds after looking just as heartbroken over my hate on his trench coat. “This does not mean that you will not be able to take it, of course. Please choose whatever you like.” He’s then looking blankly into the distance. “I am just unable to stop myself sometimes from expressing my true opinions.”
I think he talks about something else, but I keep getting distracted by that nice ass. He always seems to dress like an office worker even at home. Those trousers and shirt are looking too nice and too uncomfortable to be worn at home, but not like I would complain out loud since he’s eye candy with them on. Wonder how would he look with them off–
I can visibly see a full body tremble coming from the mortified man, who quickly turns with his tail between his legs and hurryingly leaves.
That very moment he just gets so adorably red that I only want to squeeze his pretty face. “I believe it is too early for that. We should not rush yet–”
. My nails bled from scratching the walls. My voice died after hours of pleading. My body hurt after uselessly hitting everything I could with everything I had. I only saw darkness and hear emptiness. I inspired back the air I expired. No escape. Nowhere to run. There was only one thing I could do. The thing that the coffin was made for. To
. “What was the most depraved thing you ever did?” I actually start smirking even more evil than Gabriel did, though when I look at his face, he seems to get paler by the second and a horrified expression is emerging.
Actually, if I were to ignore the apocalypse around Gabriel, the rest of the house is really clean. Besides Gabriel’s couch which is the bigger one, there are two other couches next to it and a TV in front of them, playing some K-pop music. Behind the couches there is an open-space kitchen, which is where me and Cas are heading right now. There is also a door next to the stairs that lead to the second floor.
appellative. “You only exist to take cock! Maybe I should take you right here in front of everybody!” He starts laughing, only increasing the sinking feeling in my stomach that I started to forget about. He could do that though, and nobody would stop him. It’s usually illegal to do public sexual acts but with the right bribe even the police will ignore them – though it’s not like anyone would dare report him.
“Lady, you’re just wasting more time like this. I ain’t moving anywhere.” I say nonchalantly while giving my groceries to the cashier. He does give me some scared looks, but he starts scanning them.
Stop it, Dean. Don’t remember about what you did last night. About imagining those blue eyes watching as I dragged my palm slowly up and down and coming embarrassingly fast–
Cas suddenly speaks out strained. “I’m so sorry, Dean! I don’t know… I hurt you… I don’t know how I hurt you, but I am so sorry… Please tell me what can I do to make it better…” I can even sense despair in his voice. When I turn around, I see him looking wrecked just from me keeping my head bowed silently for a few minutes. I can’t understand how such a stoic person can have this kind of a reaction.
“This is your way of telling me that you do not find me attractive?” Cue to puppy eyes.
“You little sh–”
. I couldn’t
Nodding to my words, Cas turns to Gabriel and asks him to bring my baggage to the house, only for Gabriel to show a knowing sly smile. “Ohhh, little Cassy wanting to go on a date with his honey? These kids grow up so fast!” teases Gabriel while we try to get away from him with fast steps.
“It’s comfortable.” Cas answers while bending under the couch to look for the keys there. Well, I actually have no problems with the coat, it’s just annoying since I would’ve had such a great view of his ass if that insufferable piece of clothing wasn’t in the way. “Found them.” Cas raises them triumphally from under the couch. “They probably got lost when I got home yesterday.”
Cas only frowns in response and turns to me. “Come on, Dean, we do not need to hear the words of someone arrogant enough to think that he can fall in love with anyone he wants, while I can’t.”
Cas seems completely confused over what I said, but after a reluctant “Okay” we get back to watching Dr. Sexy. Of course, he only resists a few minutes before letting his jealousy loose again and making another comment.
Not like I’d like to stay here more than I have to, but there is something that I need to do first. So, I say instead. “It doesn’t seem like you ever did this before, but shouldn’t you like, tell the staff what are you planning to do, first?” Only then, he seems to calm a little and answer with a cute ‘Oh’. I’m not even going to reprimand myself for this anymore. I’ll be with this guy for the next 6 months and if I am to enjoy this, then even better. I continue. “I also need to pack my stuff and talk with somebody, so just do what you gotta do until then.”
This is the world we’re living right now.
innocent – and say “Shower, Cas.
(stop it already!) signature of head tilt and squinted eyes. “Cas?”
.” He then goes to softly kiss my throat while still pulling on a nipple.
Dean’s eyes snapped open as he awoke with a gasp. He sat up, shaking off the weird dream as he investigated his surroundings. He was in some sort of penthouse suite. The room had large windows overlooking an impressive view of a city, and a massive coffee table occupied most of the room. The room was unfamiliar to Dean and he had no idea how he had got there. The last thing he remembered was facing down Michael with the spear- and that was it. Dean pulled himself up to a stand and looked down at his feet. He was wearing a suit. Not just any old thrift store bargain either, but an actual tailored suit and loafers to match. This could only mean one thing. The hole in his memory, the penthouse, the clothing- it could only mean that Michael had somehow gotten back in. Dean could only hope that everyone else was safe. He glanced around, hoping to spot a phone or something he could use to check the date, and maybe make a call to Sam with. No such luck though, archangels probably didn’t need phones or calendars. Whatever, Dean still needed a way to get back to the bunker- and if Michael didn’t have a phone then that meant he probably didn’t have a car either. Which meant Dean was gonna have to use the all purpose five finger discount and snag himself a ride.
“So Michael knows that Dean isn’t human?” Jack stepped around Sam’s stiff form and sat in a chair next to Dean. “Do you think he might go looking for Dean’s missing grace?”
“Maybe,” Gabriel said consideringly. “It’s also possible that both of them had something to do with this.”
“Sammy? Where you at? Sam….,” Dean’s voice trailed off as he took in the scene before him. In the war room stood three people he never thought he’d see again. Kevin, Crowley, and Gabriel.
“Yes Ma’am!”
Dean really did not want anyone else in his head ever again, but the thought of Michael getting back in or even the fact that he might still be there was just as bad. However, he still felt nauseous and violated and didn’t want to be probed, friends or not. “Sammy I’m not sure-”
Michael was frustrated. She had been forced to retake the female business woman as her host when she was evicted from Dean’s body. Whatever had forced her out was old, far older than even her. What she did know was that Dean was not as human as he had seemed. She absent mindedly summoned a few of her monsters to her side.
Cas grabbed on to Dean’s arms, stopping his pacing. He pulled him over to the war table in the middle of the room and sat him down in one of the chairs. “We think someone very old and very powerful hid the truth from everyone, but what we don’t know is why they stopped hiding it. This might also be what forced Michael from your body.”
“She did, but Dean I asked you because your soul is no longer human, and if what we are sensing is correct then you may very well have never been so.”
“I think Michael broke your squirrel Castiel,” said Crowley.
Dean made his way over to the door to leave but paused when he heard voices outside.
“Deano!” Gabriel wore his trademark smirk and had his arm around Cas’s shoulders, “ ‘bout time you joined the party! Heard you’ve had Michael riding your ass lately.”
“Is this something we need to be worried about?” Crowley was eyeballing Dean a bit warrily, no doubt remembering what he was like as a Knight of Hell. “Is he going to start brutally murdering people again?”
“No, no. Nothing like that.” Gabriel was starting to light up, smiling at Dean like he was the best thing since the internet. “Deano here is a fallen angel. At some point he pulled out his grace and fell to Earth. I don’t know which angel, and won’t unless we find his grace-”
Sam pushed Jack and Kevin a little further back. “Dean, maybe it would be for the best if you let Gabriel look you over. You know,” Sam gave a strained smile, “just to be sure it’s just you up there.”
Gabriel now looked very confused. “I don’t… Cas can you look at this? I need a second opinion and you know him best.”
“Sam… what’s going on? What…” Sam took a few steps back from Dean to stand a little protectively in front of the others. Dean realized how suspicious this looked. Afterall, Michael had already slipped back in once and as far as anyone knew he could easily get back in.
Cas walked over and stood next to Gabriel, lifted his hand and put two fingers to the center of Dean’s forehead for a moment. He had a look of concentration that morphed to disbelief. “I don’t understand. I rebuilt your body myself, I’ve healed you countless times, and I’ve been around you for years. How could I… wait, maybe?”
“It’s actually nice.” I say absentmindedly. The cold is actually helping me clear my mind better and even the nice view is already making me feel relaxed.
. Even his deep voice is sending goosebumps through my whole body. It even makes me wonder how would he sound like, while being on top of me and- FOCUS, DEAN! But the next moment when I feel like I collected myself a little more, his next words are crashing into me like those waves that tried to drown me a few years ago into the deepest of ocean. “This must be what love looks like.”
“How can I not know the name of the man I am in love with?”
When she turns around, I can still see the smirk on her face. She’s an alpha, but even for her it’s definitely reckless what she just did. “Lady, you’re totally crazy!” I laugh in disbelief at her, making her smirk widen even more.
“Call your alpha! I’ll talk to him about your attitude.” She really is a pushy one. Though I’m curious about how will Cas react to this.
If they mean that alphas are no longer allowed to kill their omegas and are being supervised to also not beat them to a pulp, then it’s an improvement. Also, maybe supervised is not the right word, since the centers only usually check after a month to see if the omega has any visible wounds and if so, get them back to the center. Though that usually ends up with more bribe from the alpha and the ‘promise’ that he’ll make sure that the omega ‘will be a good boy the next time’.
and Cas’s pursuit only made it worse. So, I suddenly stop, reaching the last of my powers.
“Dick jokes are hilarious!” I say exasperatedly. “Well, not funny to the dick person, but funny to the rest of us, including you!” I point at him, but he just stares blankly at me. Now I’m completely sure that this guy’s sense of humor is close to zero. Or none. At all.
Garth. He wants to see the beautiful parts of the people around him, but only if he knew what his colleagues are capable of.
“We’ve been watching you for a while, little kitten. Now that you’re lonely, how about we take a walk to one of the stalls and show us a good time?” Another one says while disgustingly checking me over.
“Do you have daily wishes of harming your health, Dean? Abusing your body like that will greatly reduce your life expectancy.” Leave it to Cas to bring up morbid stuff like that.
After eating some eggs and taking the pills given by Cas (I still have half of mind to be wary of unknown pills, but the rest of it would rather get drugged than feel like being thrown in front of multiple buses), a walking dead me and even more begrudgingly walking dead Gabriel – who was threatened with another month of ignoring and no visiting – start with the horrible mission of cleaning up all this mess.
“O-of course, Dean.” I get up from the couch and lean on him while he supports me with a trembling hand. What's happening? He also seemed to tremble while he was holding me during my puking.
, like you’d ever need my consent for anything!?”
Of course, here and there only applies to me. Poor Cas has given up on watching it as he should, ever since the second jump scare. Now, he only gets an eye out of the pillow to watch my reactions and sometimes looks at the TV as well when he probably deems me relaxed enough.
Keep lying to yourself like that, Dean :D
guilty about it).
about him. The sexy body, sexy voice, even his awkward personality, amusing quirks–
Gabriel just laughs and pulls out his lollipops, smirking. “Some on my secret spots, most of them from my truck. I always have extras just in the unexpected case of my brother suddenly deciding to bring a boyfriend home and not having enough provisions to win him over.”
on the floor.
“So, your way of checking my temperature is poking my forehead?” I shakily respond to him, while trying to get myself in check. I do have the tendency to escape reality and dissociate, but I need to stop doing this, especially when Cas is with me. Who knows what kind of brain doctor he’d want to send me to, if this keeps happening.
, Dean. They
Hopefully you'll enjoy it as much as I'm enjoying writing it and you'll feel the love that I'm putting into it.
“Garth, man, I think you seriously need a vacation, if you got to the point where you see me as a sweetheart.” I say to him smiling a little.
Dean! Consolation must be my middle name, since I’m so good at it! Fuck me. I have no idea what to say to this guy who now looks like I just hit him with a hammer. Really
Since this is more of a transition chapter and nothing much happens, I'll also post the next chapter in a few minutes.
The moment he kisses towards my stomach and goes for the button of my jeans, I feel some pressure on my legs being released, so I use my whole power to kick him off the bed, even though I know that it’s useless to try to escape with my hands still being tied and also opening that heavy door must be a mission close to impossible. The only way I can have some chances to escape is to
? Is this guy who was born in a silver spoon, actually telling me, a lowly omega who lived so many years being abused and abandoned, that my presence brings him happiness for the first time in his life?
Talking about weird reactions, Cas definitely looks mad with his “What do you mean by that?” comment said between clenched teeth, combined with his deep frown and tightened fists. So even when he’s in front of other alphas he won’t try to act different?
I still have no control when I see blue eyes looking concernedly down at me and lips shouting my name, while hands are holding mine tightly. “Dean, please come back to me!” I can hear the desperation in Cas’s voice but there’s nothing else that I can do, since I can’t move at all even if I’m awake now.
Actually, now that I’m in front of Cas, I can see the height difference between us; he’s only a few inches shorter, but still an enormous difference between your average omega and alpha. The other alpha guy next to him, probably the brother from what Garth said – the chocolate chicken guy – is even shorter than Cas and has a very dumb look on his face.
“Only
(See the end of the chapter for
me try on the many flannels. I do feel a little embarrassed since he’s intently staring while I put on, then
“Stop it already!” Two hands go to the back of my thighs and raise them towards my torso as he goes down to suck on each of my balls, only to stop at my hole and give a swipe of tongue there. “F-fuck! I swear that I’ll fucking kill you even if it’s the last thing I’ll ever do!” I keep cursing, even though it falls on deaf ears. His tongue then goes to stab back and forth into my hole. I’ve never been touched there and it brings new nauseous shivers down my spine.
During our walk, I do see some confusing looks going our way. I realize now that I forgot my collar, but fortunately Cas’s alpha scent is probably strong enough to keep their curiosity at bay. It’s probably also confusing to see an omega and an alpha walking leisurely together while both are carrying shopping bags. This is usually done only by omegas, never getting help from their alphas, since they need to keep their stupid reputation.
. I finally deserve some happiness, so I’ll grasp it with whatever crumbs of hope I have left in me, even if it will all end up in disappointment.
in town. She was the one calling you
seem a little threatening though. “And as for my father, I do not believe that there is much left for me to do to increase his existing disappointment in me.”
Though, before Cas has any chance of making a step in the opposite direction, the loud obnoxious voice of Gabriel resounds in the whole building. “Coome oon brotheer!” His voice gets more serious now. “You know what I meant and you know how this world is, don’t you?”
“What’s with the trench coat?” I ask Cas, while he tries to find his lost car keys. We already had breakfast (probably lunch in Cas’s case) and we’re almost about to leave for the mall.
Triggers: Sexual harassment, humiliation and attempted assault.
He quickly turns around while looking for something to do at the stove and clearing his throat. “Of course, Dean. We can go after we eat. I am almost ready.” Is he still embarrassed by it? Still
“Gabriel, it’s enough!” Cas quickly takes a glance at me, then gives a dejected look to Gabriel.
“Dean? Are you okay?” Cas is immediately next to me, worryingly trying to get me to talk. This probably goes for a while, since I seem to miss lots of his conversation with the police and then him trying again to get a reaction out of me.
“Truth or dare, Dean?” Cas says, intensely staring at me again.
. Since I have no idea how normal people comfort others, I do it in Dean Winchester style. “Want some pie?”
“Mhm. Mornings are such a pain. I’ve always hated ‘em.” I murmur, not completely awake yet, but capable of having a simple conversation at least.
, Dean. Not my property, nor anyone else’s.”
Should I feel disappointed at my disappointment? Or is my disappointment feeling disappointed in me? “What about green? Do you like it?”
“Oh… I remember parts of it.” I try to avert my eyes, though this makes him look even more worried.
“It actually is,” Cas is now avoiding my eyes, looking like he feels guilty of something. “We have access to the population’s database. Our job is to keep it secured from external attacks, but Charlie should be classified as a virus as well.” I snort a little, but I’m more amazed that Cas made a joke. Actually, it doesn’t seem like he made it intentionally, judging by the grim look on his face, but it’s still funny.
That is until the alpha enters the room. He seems to be accompanied by another alpha and Garth. Though those two remain outside the room, with Garth telling something about leaving us alone to get to know each other. I think he said that, since I couldn’t focus well because of those
“Heya Garth. Remember me?” I try to say with no emotion, but I do feel a little happy hearing his voice after so long.
After that, we’re only talking when absolutely necessary. Cas still seems uncomfortable, especially when we get to big crowds, but he keeps insisting on buying other things for me. Like a phone, but since we are both ‘noobs’ as the annoyed employee calls us, we take a random one he shows us.
?” I feel my words rolling off my tongue like it’s something that needs to be said. Something that makes even this stoic bastard in front of me to widen his eyes.
“Not on the floor, please–” These are Cas’s last words before I expel the sacred pie on the floor. I do have some lasting weird thoughts that at least the floor is a better place than the toilet to do that.
Only then, I see the despair on Cas’s face. It’s only been half a day, but his expression breaks my heart. I don’t like this at all. I now realize that I know next to nothing about Cas, while another part of me still wonders why am I already so hung up on this guy.
“He is speakiiing!” Gabriel cries excitedly while making a small victory dance.
I blink exasperatedly. I don’t even know why I still try. “I’ll stop now. What are we gonna eat?”
So, I wiggle my eyebrows suggestively. “Netflix and chill?”
This was such a fun chapter to write, especially the truth or dare game where I couldn't help myself to not mix some humor with the serious stuff there :)
and planning to devour all that food that you made.”
Cas makes a confused expression, then turns to me. “Is it wrong for me to think that my brother is delusional right now – well, more than usual – or does he actually have a point?”
Not Garth though. He’s a beta, but I have no idea why would he work in a place like this, where people need to be merciless and train
.” Cas looks uncomfortable being surrounded by so many people, but his mouth sure has no problems in being snarky.
“No worries, Cas. Only essentials and a pie" Then in a smaller voice "…
“Dude! Did you just teleport here, or what the hell? Keep those angel powers in check, man.” I say exasperatedly, trying to calm my poor heart. No idea how he can move so ninja-like especially with that trench coat. Or maybe that’s the secret and its ugliness hides some secret powers after all.
him so much.
my alpha mother who took my brother away and left me and my beta father to fend for ourselves. I hope at least Sammy is happy now. Even if he’s an alpha himself, I wish him all the best. I’d probably hope for too much for him to not end up like a stuck up alpha as well, but at least he should be the one to find happiness. Sammy was just a sweet child at the time and did nothing wrong. Maybe he’s nice even now, just like Cas, who seems to act like a decent person, even if he’s a silver spooned alpha. Maybe one day I’ll be able to search for Sammy and see him with my own eyes.
This does piss me off enough to snap at him in more words than I ever wanted to say during this time. “Cas, I’ll just tell you once to get it over with. In case you forgot about what kind of planet we’re living on, the people here don’t care if omegas have sleep paralyses or screws loose or whatever, and sure as hell won’t spend money on doctors for them unless they’re about to kick the bucket.” Seeing him wanting to refute my ‘spending money’ comment, I quickly continue. “And before you get any ideas, I also don’t trust those lunatics and won’t ever go see them on my own accord.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Always wanted to read a rude omega Dean and confused alpha Cas fanfic, then one day I decided 'Why wait for the fic, when I can write it myself?' :)
“Nooooo!” Gabriel screams into the couch, while I take a seat on the other couch. I still feel like the world is ending, and have no idea how will I be able to clean up all this mess, but it’s the least I can do, since I do feel sorry for all the shit I did to Cas and Cas’s house last night.
.” I get back to my teasing tone and smirk a little at the returning of his puzzled look. I’ll probably
Tim Janklow is a minor character from the show that I hated the very moment he attacked Sam. If it makes you feel even better, know that Charlie from this fic didn't actually let him get away this easily in the end.
I don’t even look at him in the eye, while I start eating my pie. “One?” I finally say with my mouth full. But his offended look and his now crossed arms make him look like a mad kid who got his toy taken away. Instead of laughing, I try to answer seriously, while making a quick work on the pie, since he now eyes it with a reproachful look on his face. “Two…and a half?” But it’s too late for him to stop me, since I now finished my
way. I didn’t expect him to actually say that out loud to everyone. He really says the worst things at the worst moments. Seeing that I look just as disturbed as he is, he explains himself. “I was with Gabriel, his brother that came with him; I should also mention that that guy is insane as well!” He then starts to gesticulate and talk chaotically, seeming like he forgot his initial idea. “He wouldn’t let me leave! He kept talking about planning to make a gigantic chocolate goose who poops chocolate and I was so shocked and then he showed me pictures of an existent chocolate chicken who does the same thing,” He sits on the bed defeated. “It looked so realistic, Dean. I’ll have nightmares about this all my life!”
“Hello, pretty omega.”
Instead, I only show a small smile and tease him “Come on Garth, what did I tell you about the chick-flick moments, huh?”
Cas comes downstairs then and approaches me while assessing our tentative at cleaning up. Not seemingly very impressed, he says something else to me though. “Dean, a lawyer can come today to give us the contract to sign it. Would you feel well enough to get it out of the way as soon as possible?”
I finally gather my courage to get out of the room after taking my things but I find Cas in the same place, completely panicked. He notices me then. “Dean, you do not have to do this. I already told you that it is not necessary for us to sleep in the same bed.”
I bet that not only Gabriel, but me as well, are wearing some pretty stupid expressions right now. Why would he ask that? It’s not like he was the one who gave me my first
“How about peanut butter with grape jelly? I do not have jam, though. I am finding it unsettling.” Cas even seems horrified at the thought of it. What happened between him and jam? “Shall we eat outside? It seems like a nice morning to do that.”
. I always loved the music, but since I kept going from alpha to alpha, I suffered from not being allowed the luxury of getting to listen what I want, whenever I want. And
“Hey, Cas? Will you look at me?” He’s the one who has his head bowed this time around, so I feel like I need to make him feel better somehow. When he finally raises his head and looks at me, I can feel a big smile creeping on my mouth. “You’re awesome!”
I turn to Gabe, who seems to try to contain his laughing, only to completely release it the moment Cas is out of sight. “You’re the meanest motherfucker I’ve ever met, Dean!” What the fuck is wrong with these people!? Cas was the one who asked me about my first kiss. I didn’t even give that many details. Before trying to slap some sense into this crazy guy, he seems to recover and hands me a new bottle of beer. “Cheers! Time to get drunk and tell embarrassing stories!” Since I’m not one to refuse alcohol and funny stories, I try to forget about Cas’s outburst and focus on Gabe’s crazy stories from his past.
“Mission? Is he a secret agent or something? Well, he still has a long way to go until he reaches the 007 level, but he actually seems to have that kind of vibe, now that I’m thinking about it.” Or not, but maybe that’s the trick.
Although if I were in my right mind, I would’ve told him that tormenting himself to watch a horror movie for this kind of reason is childish. But I know that Cas has his own way of thinking and I can’t make fun of someone who not only tries to better himself, but also almost got his ass kicked when he tried to protect me from those asshole alphas.
Triggers: Attempted sexual assault, claustrophobic descriptions (being claustrophobic myself described some real feelings here)
That moment though, Garth’s face is twisting into a pained one and blurts “You don’t
(See the end of the chapter for
“I took another day off today as well.” He continues talking while preparing the breakfast. “You do not need to worry about it. I have lots of vacation days left and the team is not going to die only from me missing two working days.” When the coffee is done as well, Cas refuses my help to carry them and we go out on the lake terrace. I haven’t been here before, but the view is really outstanding. “It is kind of cold.” Cas says pensively.
Then, I remember my last dilemma and feel the need to ask him. “But Cas, what would you have done if I were to refuse you?”
“Your trench coat is ugly.” I retort while feeling my heart breaking over Cas’s hate on these wonderful clothes. I do feel disgusted with myself that I got to the point where I need an alpha’s approval to get the clothes I like since he has the money. Well, I could make some money myself if I were to use some suppressants and kick people’s asses at poker. But I don’t want to risk to lose my chance at freedom by probably pissing Cas off with something like that – it’s still only 6 months, I can ignore my pride a little during this time, hopefully. Only that I’m still acting like a complete brat, always forgetting that this could be my only chance at freedom. But there’s no way I can manage to contain myself especially when Cas never seems bothered by anything I say or do – except puking on the floor, though he seems more worried about that than annoyed.
I ended up agreeing on meeting today this lawyer guy in order to sign the so-called contract, yet the first moment he enters the house, he gives me a disgusted look and a snooty remark, which even if it pisses me off, it’s not something I haven’t heard before. Actually, I feel more familiar with this way of being treated, than the weird one that’s been happening to me these two days.
For some reason his whole studying over my every gesture is really grating on my nerves. Fine, Dr. Phil, if this is how you want to play, we will. “One condition, Cas.” Seeing the hope in his eyes and his face suddenly lighting up, makes me feel a little bad about what I’m about to say. “You’ll also get over your fear of touching with me.”
. Yes, this is definitely the voice of an angel. I can’t focus very well, but I suddenly hear people shouting and fighting. That moment, I see that the door is slightly ajar, so in a rush of adrenaline, just like the one I had a few years ago, I suddenly push my way out of the
There’s also an estranged feeling I long forgot. The feeling of warm hands under my head, then a soft pillow and thick blanket covering me. Yes, I remember now. The feeling of
Dean felt numb. May very well have never been so. Dean looked down at his hands as if proof of his inhumanity could be found on his skin. He- he didn’t… understand. Not human? What else could he be? Was the vampire blood taking back over? Was he turning back into a demon?
“You can’t be serious,” Dean cut in, “I’ve died hundreds of times, I’ve been to Hell and Purgatory and Heaven and every other goddamn place in between.” Dean started to pace back and forth, pulling his fingers through his hair and ignoring the sticky feeling of expensive hair product. “I’ve been a fucking demon and a vampire for fuck’s sake! How could I be a fallen angel?”
The world's turning was but a blip upon his memory, but even he was aware that quite some time had passed since his fall from grace. He extended his existence beyond the tree that had been his domicile for the extent of his self imposed exile, and searched the world over for his core. He located it in the body of a mortal man who was currently being occupied by his brother Michael. He then simply pushed Michael from the man’s body and sent the human a map of sorts, detailing the long journey to reach the tree he currently occupied. Once finished with that, he turned his attention towards Heaven, Hell, The Empty, and Purgatory in hopes to get a small peak at the balance of things before returning. What he found was most displeasing.
