"When was this?" he asked.
Later, after everyone else had left and he'd managed Sherlock's help in tidying up, John settled down with a book while his husband busied himself with whatever his latest experiment was, keeping the kitchen window cracked open against the smell. He had that same intent look he'd been wearing while talking to Henry and John got the distinct impression Sherlock was hurrying to finish whatever this was so he could move onto a study of Egyptian poisons.
"Shut up," John said, taking another deep breath, wondering how much longer he could hold on. "Just shut up."
"Of course not," he said, waving a hand languidly, dismissive. "It's more information for you. Doctor Watson just happens to be hiring a part-time nurse to help him manage the more administrative end of his very private practice. It should suit you. And, from all accounts, Watson is an affable man. Used to be quite fond of female attention, too."
"Thanks," he managed.
There was –
"This is all on you," he snapped. "
"And because of that, he won't see this!" John snapped, gesturing at the stretcher. "I need to
But first and foremost, he thought, he was her uncle. Tricia was as a good as his sister, and they had both lost siblings. He a sister and she a brother, so they stood in well for each other. He loved her in a way he'd never loved Harry, because it included liking her. He knew this wasn't fair, but his relationship with Harry had never been fair, not really.
John always appreciated it, too.
But he wanted to leave the city. He wanted to live in the country, to be a nurse in a small hospital or surgery somewhere, to own a tiny cottage in a tiny hamlet and settle down and enjoy the quiet of the countryside. He wanted to be away from London, away from any of England's big cities, to be able to walk around his town, to know everyone and have everyone know him. He wanted the peace and tranquillity and the slower-paced lifestyle that came with living in a small town.
"It's about my leg." That should garner enough interest; the shooting and the injury were part of his medical record, which Morstan would obviously have access to. It would get John's attention too, and Gabriel suspected it might need actual medical attention anyway. He was dutiful in keeping up the physiotherapy regime, but the pressure change when he travelled by air still bothered the old wound, even now. He might be due for some more physio, or at very least, some peace of mind.
" he said, hurrying out of sight down the corridor.
His brother sighed, tightening his fingers around the handle of his umbrella (really, why did he go everywhere with that? It was hardly about to rain indoors), expression shadowed.
"So what now?" John asked.
He did better than that, sprawling on his stomach on one of the generous benches, acutely aware of the extra body heat when John settled on his lower back. Sherlock pillowed his head on his arms, trying – unsuccessfully – to contain the groans and whimpers that slipped past his lips as John assailed knots and sensitive spots. There was no mercy here, and Sherlock knew better than to ask for it; the euphoric feeling that followed the discomfort was reward enough.
"What?" John asked.
"Maybe," John agreed. "But we're under blankets. And if you stay quiet and let me do the work…"
"He's a very prominent figure. Well connected. A lot of people owe him."
Sherlock had tried to muster some irritation that Gabriel wasn't even in a dress shirt and tie, let alone a proper suit, but the genuine pleasure and relief at seeing him again overrode any annoyance. Sherlock had dressed properly (of course) but acknowledged – privately – that it
"Mary," John said bluntly. Surprise flickered across Sherlock's features, and John wondered how many people he'd considered and rejected before asking the question.
"I need you to tell it to me."
"It's my flat," he insisted. "And it makes me feel like I'm not a completely useless invalid."
"Someone found out before you," Sherlock said.
Sam looked somewhat better than the last time Sherlock had seen him. The circles under his eyes weren't as deep and he wasn't holding himself quite as rigidly. He still did not look like Sherlock's mental image of
And he’s probably have made Lestrade do the work.
, his partner's voice echoed in his head, and John just managed to restrain an aggravated sigh that would give the constables the wrong idea.
"So what makes me different?" she asked. "Aside from me being better at it."
have the information."
"They were all boring," Sherlock murmured, feeling another smile split John's lips.
sleep but couldn't get it, the promise of dreamlessness much less critical now than it had been when she'd given him that first bottle ten years ago.
“Ten, twelve years ago? Something like that?”
He could feel the heat from the fire now, hear the cracking and splitting of wood as it lapped against the temporary structures – walls and platforms and stairways that were never meant to stay in place anyway.
"Yeah."
"That's
“Don’t we all?” Mary asked. “But it can’t be that bad, can it?”
"What?"
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said, keeping his tone plain, matter-of-fact.
"This is–" He released Sherlock's hand, giving his head a small shake. "Thanks."
"Sit," Sherlock ordered, nodding at one of the chairs in front of Mycroft's desk. John gave him a puzzled look but did as bidden, confusion growing when his partner sat across from him, leaning forward to snag John's left wrist.
"'ave you?" Georges asked.
"And the current prime minister?"
I’d have called it “The Three Gables”.
"What?"
“Idiots. Yeah. I know. Believe me, you’re pretty damn clear on that point. But since we’re
"I suggest you wrack that inferior memory of yours, Mister Ajid. You're the first person to see our killer and come out of it alive, so it's particularly in your best interests that he is caught."
"I'm bloody talking to you!" John shouted, and strong surgeon's fingers were gripping Sherlock's face, forcing it back to meet flashing blue eyes. "What the
It was an arrangement that suited Irene very well personally, but also professionally. Some of her clients came to her through her work for Sherlock, and she needed to be particularly selective when choosing them. Men – and occasionally women – with too much power and privilege tended not to consider consequences nearly as carefully as they ought to. And almost always vastly underestimated the impact those consequences would have on them personally.
"Do you think… do you think it could be her who sent the emails?"
She hadn't been sure he was coming. Not entirely.
"Just as it would if it were his fingerprint at Lestrade's old crime scene," Sherlock sighed. "But coincidences happen all the time, John. What if another DI had taken the case rather than Donovan, one who does not know me? Then we wouldn't be here having this discussion and his memories would amount to two names and two visual recollections. Nothing more."
John laughed out loud again, the sound warm in the flat.
At this, Sherlock deigned to look up, arching an eyebrow curiously. He stayed silent and Lestrade sighed.
"What shoes have you chosen?" Mycroft asked as David rearranged the small piles of clothing pensively.
"I'm glad for your reassurance on the matter, John," Mycroft said and sounded sincere. Sherlock wondered darkly what his brother had picked up from John's face, if he could tell they'd slept together on the couch. The first time that they'd genuinely slept with one another in over a week was no one else's business, but knowing Mycroft, it had already been laid bare.
"And you think he's clever!"
It was stupid and completely unwarranted, but he was nervous.
John had been played against him in Wales. The abrupt, unexplained absence had destroyed his concentration, kept him from a truth that should have been so simple to deduce.
John stared at Sherlock for a moment, cajoling his brain into catching up.
John knew what the human mind could do to exert control over the body. He also knew what the body could do to devastate the efforts of the mind. He'd seen it countless times in Afghanistan – there was only so much a person could do before biology won out.
"We don't have time, John!" Sherlock hissed. "And she saved our lives. Go!"
"Nothing," he managed. His tongue felt thick, clumsy, so he swallowed. It helped a bit but did nothing for the way the world wouldn't stop spinning gently. If he could just focus a little bit more –
"Mycroft doesn't deal in coincidences," his husband replied. John nodded, a numb cold settling into his stomach.
He had a pretty good idea.
"You'd be surprised how many families I see that don't have that. How many relationships fall apart when the chips are down. People realize they don't want to support someone who's going to need a lot of time and energy to recover fully. It's a terrible thing to watch, believe me. But you and John – you hung on. For each other."
"If you're bored, there's plenty that needs to be done around the flat. Cooking, cleaning, getting out the Christmas decorations." With each item, Sherlock scoffed. He hooked his two big toes together and shot John another glare. John sat down and shifted using a bit more elbow than necessary to stretch out over his recumbent husband; Sherlock hissed and grumbled but wound his arms round the doctor's waist, his fingers interlacing on John's stomach.
Sherlock asked himself now, eyes flickering over faces as they passed him by, assessing and discounting.
Dusk had begun to creep across the city when he left the Yard, stepping into the street to hail a taxi. The driver was subject to a quick evaluation, face scanned rapidly through Sherlock's memory – a habit he'd developed after unwittingly hiring Moriarty's cab. But there was only disinterest.
Four days after John had caught him smoking, the tread on those stairs made Sherlock break.
"The Land Rover?" Bridget repeated. "I don't need an s-and-r vehicle here–"
The sergeant glowered and stood his ground and Sherlock heard his brother give a faint, rasping chuckle.
"There's nothing else," Sherlock said after several long minutes. John frowned.
"Blue." Stupid question, but it made him look, really look, drinking in all the details he knew by heart, tracing lines of muscle and bone, across hardened features, taut lips, tightened jaw.
“Careful, John, or you’ll make a good case for giving me a raise.”
, Lestrade thought. There were actually a number of strategically placed CCTV cameras guarding the entrances to the construction site – and somewhere, unseen, someone was probably very vigilantly manning them now that the police were there.
And they hadn't had a chance to do anything more than sleep in their bed. Initially, Sherlock had been reluctant to do anything more and he'd sensed that John was wavering between desire and uncertainty. Sherlock had no inclination to force the issue when neither of them was sure about it. Then he'd managed to fall ill – he was still displeased by the weakness of his body. He hadn't at all consented to be sick and yet his body had succumbed regardless.
"No medical allergies and no current medications," John supplied, "but he used to be a cocaine addict."
"He's showing off," the Inspector murmured.
The wall scraped against his coat as he pushed himself slowly to his feet, fighting the haze of stars that flickered around the edges of his vision, working to keep the ragged edge from his breathing. Standing wasn't so bad – once he got used to it – but moving would be. He couldn't slump along the wall the whole way; there were bins and other hazards in his path. He curled the fingers of his right hand into the brickwork whenever he could, steadying himself on the bins and railings as he went past, one slow, deliberate step at a time. He watched for movement, forcing the alertness on himself.
It made no sense to keep things as they were, because Dominique
a logic here, even if it wasn't evident at the moment.
But even if he called it that, John knew it wasn't. Not for him. Not for Lestrade. Not for everyone who'd searched frantically for them for days. Not for all the people who had died.
"See to it that it isn't," Sherlock said. "To anyone."
He willed the cabbie to drive faster, to ignore the stop lights and pedestrians, to get them back to Baker Street
Hassard tilted her head, a brief gesture for Donovan to follow, and fell into step behind John. He doubted there was much rush – Sherlock was probably still furiously at work, so the detective's sudden appearance in the corridor just outside the tech office startled him. To say nothing of the phone that was thrust toward his face, screen too close for him to read the backlit words.
John nodded, feeling a pang of sympathy and wondering if her ears were still ringing slightly. Even recorded from a distance, and muffled by Sherlock's clothing, it had to be loud. It had been loud enough from where he'd been in the construction site.
The detective moaned, pushing his head back into the pillows, arching gently into John's fist. John kept his grip light, running his thumb over the emerging head until Sherlock was almost panting, then pulled away. Darkened eyes found his, gaze hungry, but Sherlock didn't protest. John let himself be pulled into another kiss, his husband's tongue sweeping into his mouth, teasing his. Sherlock fumbled with the lube, entwining their fingers to coat John's again.
"Alexander?" Irene asked when John enquired. "Oh, he's on holidays, off to see family in Corsica."
– about his attack and his safety and other specifics he couldn't follow. She talked to Donovan and John Watson about RIRA and the IRA and informants and identities being compromised. He'd tried to understand but he didn't even have the basics – RIRA seemed to be something none of them liked, but John had no idea what it meant.
"John–"
"I have
qualified. It qualified when Kelsi Murray was murdered – although admittedly we didn't know that – but it also qualified as soon as this man started killing in England after committing murder in Scotland. Interpol's already on this."
"You're one of four things he remembers, Sherlock! It must be important!"
For five minutes.
that kept the genuis' mind going, kept it lighting fast, kept the patterns connecting, kept things interesting?
26 June
Irene glanced at Sherlock across the small space of the car's darkened interior, arching an eyebrow.
"The middle of Trafalgar Square would be a bit obvious, wouldn't it?"
"What?" John demanded.
John didn't know what the tipping point had been, or even if there had been one – maybe the first time he'd taken Sherlock out to wander the city, maybe the dog, or maybe he'd been galvanized after getting lost in Regent's Park. Whatever it was, the stuttering progress Sherlock had been making after he'd first been released from the hospital had intensified and become far more consistent. He'd started taking clients more, even consulting for the Met from the flat, sending John out with an active Skype session, as he'd done before, to gather data while he lounged in the comfort of his chair or on the sofa, usually in his chocolate-brown dressing gown.
"Yes," Sherlock murmured. "You always think it is."
I was assured (before he stopped talking, of course) that my pitiful "normal" intellect couldn't possibly keep up with the speed and sophistication of his thought process, so could I please just not pester him with inane questions and let him work so that at least
He stared at his wedding band, which gleamed gently in the lamplight. He wondered what time it was. They had started drinking sometime after Josephine had gone to bed, but he didn't know how much time had passed, nor how much he'd had. He wondered how hungover he'd be the next day at work. It didn't matter. He'd worked through worse things than a hangover.
his mind chimed and Sherlock hid a scowl, unhappy with the irritation the situation provoked. He was certainly
work for government organizations! Have they all gone mad? Why on Earth would they presume we're willing to be engaged by them?"
"At least," Sherlock agreed. "He had been frozen, but they wouldn't want him to look or feel frozen when he was found."
"He was there," Donovan pointed out. John nodded to himself as though she'd been speaking to him – he
Doe replied with a slight scowl and a shake of his head.
that told him he'd lost completely. He gave up, trailing his hand along the bannister as he climbed toward the quiet flat.
"Scent is the strongest sense associated with memory," Sherlock pointed out, voice cool.
John turned on him with a snarl, barely managing to wrestle it down when Lestrade intervened again.
"That was hardly a social visit."
"You know," John said, his voice a little less steady than usual. "When we're home, we'll have to do that in the upstairs bedroom or Mrs. Hudson will probably call the police."
Was that deliberate? Was he watching for someone? Or did he just like the small corner booth with its view of the pub?
"There's a distinct pattern. Look here." John did as bidden, following Sherlock's index finger as it traced passed several entries labelled 'T.W.'. "Here's where they switch, approximately two months before his death. When he learned The Woman's name."
"No," John sighed. He rubbed his face, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes, then dropped his hands away. He rolled onto his side, dislodging Sherlock's hold on his shoulder, and felt an arm settle around his waist.
. The Met
' into one very disdainful expression.
"Language," Sherlock murmured.
"He said he didn't do it," Sherlock muttered.
understand how this makes me feel about Mary?”
He didn't have that choice.
It was a woman, three stories up and tied precariously to the edge of an unstable-looking scaffolding platform, her face largely obscured by the gag covering her mouth. Despite that, and the distance that separated them, John could see her features well enough to recognize her.
“The hair,” Gabriel replied, taking a seat across from Sherlock, who glanced back up, curious despite himself. “Ginger doesn’t suit you.”
"Could you give me a hand?" he asked, gesturing vaguely to the sextant's unlikely resting place.
No need for explanations – Broward had barely given her a chance to talk. Orders from higher up, he'd told her.
the same, he told himself. He set his jaw and felt his hands tighten into fists.
"What?" John echoed. "How?"
"What, her expertise in being adoring of you?"
"Clothing," Sherlock replied. "You’ll need to get dressed. You can't go to a crime scene in your pyjamas."
"Don't be absurd. It's not even remotely the right time of day for that. Honestly, how do you people manage? It's so obvious!"
"Why?" he asked.
Doe thought for a moment, then shook his head.
and private testimonies of subdermal ink on her trembling thigh.
"Hey, Sandra, break time," Carrie said, coming back to the nurses' station. Sandra looked up from her work and smiled, stretching her arms above her neck.
, the Woman, when no information had registered, his mind suddenly a blank slate letting him down. He'd seen all of John's hints then – and still could now, and Hassard's, and even Arnaud's on the end of the Skype connection.
"Yeah, right," Hassard muttered, eyes glinting with amusement.
," John interjected, rolling his eyes with a sigh when the corners of Sherlock's lips curled upward. Of course Sherlock wasn't being oblivious about it, but doing it deliberately to push John's buttons.
Sherlock frowned slightly.
"Ronald Adair was shot from a vehicle outside his home at night. The angle of the bullet's entry suggested it had to be a higher vehicle. Most likely a Land Rover. Like a soldier in Her Majesty's army might be accustomed to driving. Or a search and rescue worker in northern Wales."
"Good," John said, the approval shooting straight to Sherlock's groin.
A knock on the door interrupted them ten minutes later and Sherlock put his shirt back on as John answered it. He was surprised to see Adele, not Mycroft, whom he had been expecting.
better with Aaron; Charles found the mechanics of it uncomplicated once he could clarify Aaron's needs, but Dominique seemed to understand it effortlessly, as if he'd been gifted with some innate talent.
When John tried to help Sherlock out of the dressing gown, the detective clutched it stubbornly, shaking his head. John relented immediately – there was no sense fighting Sherlock; it wouldn't get either of them anywhere. He called the nurse in instead, who hooked Sherlock back up to the IV and the monitors while John got him fully settled on the bed.
Sherlock huffed a harsh sigh, dragging himself to sitting but refraining from hauling himself out of bed. The way his vision swam with small, silver flashes was a good enough indication that if he got up, he'd be going right back down.
“In his own way. And for this – for
"Yeah. Yeah, of course. Just– be careful, yeah?"
"Wouldn't bigger be better?" Doe murmured.
She added Aaron’s name to the list for the sake of completeness, then began crossing off names of people she was absolutely certain were above suspicion, starting with her son. Doing so made her smile slightly – as cautious as she had every right to be, it was unlikely that an infant could be that resourceful. She would surely have noticed that level of precociousness.
"Not okay," Sherlock said. "Perfect."
"Because I need to move around," she replied reasonably, still smiling at him.
But things got lost. Slipped through the cracks. No scanners back then, and a fourteen month old baby would hardly insist on keeping accurate records.
Especially now.
There was no one to stop John this time; he kicked the door back open and scrambled out, pushing past Donovan, ignoring the jolt of pain in his shoulder as she tried instinctively to hold him back. The boot was popped open; John buried his hand in his sleeve and pushed it up.
John had seen that expression once before. After Wales, when they’d gotten the results of his shoulder x-ray back.
"'Lo, Uncle John," she replied, squirming to get more comfortable. "I made dinner!"
"Mm," Sherlock hummed non-committally, swinging his torch in the direction of the service lift. John gave Hassard a commiserative look when the detective strode away, leaving them both to catch up.
"But you were a combat surgeon. Surely you've seen people in similar situations." John arched his eyebrows and Morgan shook her head. "As I said, I've read your blog. And Inspector Donovan has filled me in on you."
"Good night," Sherlock said and felt an answering smile through his pyjama top.
John grinned again. He thought back to his fortieth birthday, how he'd grumbled and moaned, and gave a rueful smile – in February he'd be forty-six.
"You just want to shout that name down the stairs again, don't you?" he asked.
want him to be," she replied curtly. "Maybe he's a wonderful person now, I don't know–"
, Mycroft thought, suddenly cold.
you're the one who insisted I stay behind to have breakfast with Harry."
Sherlock turned away, raking his hands through his hair.
– and you moved in the right circles, why
Not entirely, but the doctor's head was resting on his chest, his left cheek over Sherlock's heart, his left shoulder tucked in under Sherlock's right arm. His lips were slightly parted and Sherlock could feel the soft, warm exhalations through his silk pyjamas. John's right arm was curled protectively over Sherlock, resting on his waist. The sensation was odd – he liked the feel of it, of course, but he was also uncomfortably aware of how much more easily John's hand encircled his waist.
The tickets were for both of them, travelling from London to Edinburgh and then back again on the train. Two tickets for Sherlock Holmes, two tickets for John Watson. They were cancelled, and John had never even considered what had happened to them, never even realized that Sherlock had kept them. They had a number of souvenirs and photos from their much belated honeymoon, but somehow, the fact that Sherlock had kept these made it hard to breathe, a great weight of joy pressing on his lungs.
he asked himself incoherently. Trees and benches: not good enough. There were several vehicles on the road parked just outside the loading zone in front of the building. He veered toward them with barely a thought, running faster than he had since he'd been a boy, dodging onto the road, ignoring the oncoming traffic. He dropped to his stomach and rolled under one of the cars, pressing his face against the asphalt, wrapping hands over the back of his head and closing his eyes.
And he wanted kids, too, but after they'd had some time together. Sandra thought he'd be a great father even with everything he'd gone through. Maybe because of it. He'd be more aware than most people. He paid attention to what he needed for his own health. That awareness extended to her needs, too.
John played with Aaron for a short while, lying down next to him on the floor and snapping a picture of them together to send to Irene if she texted to see how things were going. After a brief moment's thought, he posted it on facebook, tagging Dominique in it and almost instantly receiving an overjoyed reply in not-quite-perfect English.
"Let me get my phone. She's sent me a few postcards and photos as well – do you want those?"
, John," his partner said, jostling them both into the lift, the smooth slide of the doors and the quiet gleam of polished wood at odds with John's confusion and the thunder in his partner's expression.
"You can wait ten minutes. You haven't had your morning coffee anyway."
"Are you going to let me in or are we just going to stand here staring at each other all day?" Sam asked and Sherlock scowled. He considered saying no, because of the dog, but stepped back with bad grace.
"And Tricia and Jamie? They're well?"
"Are you from London?" he asked.
"I am worried – or I was," John said. "But you're eating better and if you keep it up, you'll be fine. And I don't find you unattractive."
"But I also saw something else. I saw a patient who had been a terrific car wreck fighting his way back to consciousness. Through all that pain and fear and all those drugs, every single day for three days, fighting all of it just to wake up. Just for the very simple act of opening his eyes because – despite everything else – he knew someone was waiting for him. And that takes courage, too. I saw you give everything you had in the hospital, every single day, for John, even when you wanted to give up because you couldn't see. Because you wanted to make things better for him."
"Yes. It means Mycroft's been in our flat – repeatedly – and because you're both creepily observant, he's seen that I've got some of his books."
"Better take Hudson out before they show up," John said, grinning again when Sherlock shot him a mock scowl.
Veronique frowned at the call display on her office phone when it rang; a London number, not one which she recognized. She sat down smoothly in her leather desk chair and mentally switched languages as she picked up the receiver.
That came as a surprise. He and John met each other's eyes again, nothing but startled shock passing between them.
Sam gathered the plate Sherlock had emptied and stood, going back into the kitchen and leaving Sherlock to consider his words. Sherlock heard the sound of the faucet being run for longer than necessary to rinse the dishes, then heard the faint click of the kettle being turned on. Sam was back with a cup of tea for him a few minutes later.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open, the pale hues and familiar comforts of his bedroom contrasting sharply – disorientatingly – with the hammering of his heart and the sound of Irene's voice in his ear. He lay, paralyzed, torn between now and a moment years and miles away.
"So that means–" John started, then cut himself off, shaking his head.
She didn’t doubt there’d been plastic surgery; the scars left from his captivity must have been vicious, and he wouldn’t want that reminder written all over his body. John certainly would have noticed them if they’d still been there, too, and it would have warranted an explanation. Something like that would be difficult to pass off as an accident or a minor altercation, and explaining the situation was clearly not something Holmes was inclined to do.
"No, Sherlock!" John snapped, rounding on him, a finger jabbing into Sherlock's chest hard enough to be felt through the thick fabric of his coat. "No! No more excuses! You
Donovan thought, struggling against the impulse to curse very loudly and colourfully.
“Arrogant ass,” John muttered, softening the words with a grin. Sherlock rolled his eyes, a smile still playing on the edges of his lips. He reached past John to grab the soap, lathering up his hands before cleaning himself off.
Until it changed, from one second to the next, with one faint inhalation and John said "Sherlock" in
"What? What? No! I expected that because you
"Adler. Where's Adler. Her body."
"It will still be a body whether or not you're there to examine it, John. Molly can act as a stand in for your expertise if need be – and she's already examined it, at least superficially."
Holly sighed again.
"Morphine. Who do you think got it for them?"
It was working now, second hand ticking away in a steady circle.
"Thank you," she replied, leaning up to kiss him. Sherlock leaned down to meet her more than halfway, to keep her from having to squirm out of the blanket. She cuddled close to his side, turning her gaze to the stars. "Is there a consolation–"
Sherlock swallowed his indignation, seeing the irritation tempered when John met his gaze again –
"Not for me," John replied.
answer my phone, you know."
"Then what?" he asked, his voice quiet, thick with fatigue.
The signal jumped back to life, catching John's heart with it, surprise and relief tensing his muscles so sharply a warning flare shot through his shoulder. He breathed deeply, trying to relax, lightheaded at the sight of the tiny, blinking dot tracing a slow line away from the station.
, he thought,
“Mm,” John replied, pushing himself to his feet, “and if we take this to the shower, you can kill two birds with one stone.”
Sherlock nodded smoothly, unperturbed. It
"There's someone we need to keep an eye on tonight," she commented, tone casual as she checked her makeup – entirely unnecessarily, Sherlock knew – in a small compact.
It might be a ploy, a dangerous dance, and Sherlock was aware that he was being pulled into it, but stepping back wasn't an option. Not for himself – this game, he would have walked away from, much to John's surprise, and probably much to John's relief, but there wasn't a body, whose fate was already sealed.
Still, Sherlock didn't lead them straight home, but took the opportunity to reconnoitre a bit more, to ensure the area was as familiar to him as the rooms at Baker Street. He took them on a winding route but avoided the park, not entirely comfortable to subjecting himself or John to that again so soon.
"And you did," John said flatly.
Sherlock's baritone usually carried more readily than his clients' voices. Sometimes it was joined by Mycroft's polished accent, or Lestrade's gruffer one.
"Yes," Sherlock replied. She waited, then gave her head a little shake.
well then. He'd kept a distance between himself and Sherlock and John and he had been just as tense as he was now, if not more so. But there had been something else there that was missing at the moment. Relief, hope. He'd been happy to see them both again, even if being in the same room with two other people had been difficult. The visit had done him good, there had been some laughter in his eyes, in his voice.
He ran through the list of other committee members in his head and wondered which one of them had died this time and how. He didn't think he could stomach another death like Brace's. Whenever he'd closed his eyes over the past two and a half days, he saw image of the man's body smeared on the asphalt. And Sherlock crouching over it, grinning.
Donovan nodded, exchanging a look with Constable Phillips.
John put safety glasses on him and Sherlock tried to push him away. John's voice cut through the barrier, calm and assured, familiar and warm.
"Or they were told he was on holiday," Sherlock replied. "Or, perhaps, the person who murdered him was the one watching over his house to make it appear someone was home."
"St. Mary's," John instructed as Sherlock stepped away, letting them manoeuvre the stretcher through the rest of the debris to their ambulance, scrambling in the back after them, tossing his hardhat aside. John climbed in behind him, and Sherlock settled on a wheel well as they paramedics secured the gurney.
"You think this girl is – what? Surely not a child."
"Oh," Olivia said, plucking absently at the blanket. "I see."
When someone brought them water, he made Sherlock drink it, using the same soothing tone when the detective began to grumble and fidget impatiently.
"Sorry?" she asked.
Georges had friends in the
Sherlock dropped his hand from the back of John's neck and the doctor felt a little bit of relief. He took another deep breath and calmed himself. There would be plenty of time later for whatever they wanted to do. They still had four days in France and John intended to get the most out of them. He was already planning a trip down to the beach that night, after the sun had set. The moon was waning now, but once it rose, they would have enough light to see by. And after dark, they could leave the sides of the cabana tied back to catch the moonlight without worrying about neighbours with binoculars seeing something unexpected.
, desperate for distraction in a world that didn’t understand him, couldn’t keep up with him, and the Woman–
been a battle, and the ground he'd gained had been hard won against Sherlock's tendency to sprawl long limbs everywhere and take up as much space as he could. Even now, John was more likely than not to awake half covered.
That conversation taken care of, Sherlock paced his flat, the silence pressing in on him, tightening inexorably. He should be
, contacts he didn't even have in the Paris police force and–
"I can put on headphones if it bothers you," Sherlock said, and John rolled his eyes.
, Sherlock thought dully.
"Bed, John, go to bed. You're of no use to me if you're falling asleep over your work. I can manage without you."
Coffee and tea were delivered efficiently, the faint click of his office door leaving them in silence. Irene claimed the sofa for herself, settling in without hesitation.
"He wants to talk to you first," Harry said, coming back in. John rolled his eyes and considered refusing. Mycroft probably wouldn't stoop to having security round him up and escort him out, but the elder Holmes brother would certainly wait until John gave in.
"We'll keep looking. We'll start with Manchester when we get back to the Yard."
Unsurprisingly, there was already a military police vehicle there and a sergeant and a corporal were establishing a perimeter around the house, moving with silent precision, speaking to each other only with gestures and nods. No lights were flashing, no attention was being drawn – at three-thirty in the morning, Mycroft was attempting discretion. There were no neighbours gathered around like there would have been if the Met had been called to investigate and a quick glance down the block with its darkened detached homes indicated most of the inhabitants were still safely asleep.
"Please," Sherlock replied, making himself at home in the living room. A few hints broadcast their recent trip: aside from the sound of the washing machine running in the kitchen, there was a small replica of the Statue of Liberty resting on a bookshelf next to an identically-sized version of the Empire State Building.
He settled on the bed beside his sleeping husband and read for awhile before fetching his book of crosswords and working on that. Sherlock slept for almost an hour before he shifted and stretched, murmuring a deep contented sound. John put his book away and leaned back on the headboard, watching with a half smile as Sherlock woke up, writhing lazily to get his blood moving again.
"They kept him, but not her," she commented, thinking out loud rather than in need of conversation, but Katherine nodded.
"I don't mean this, Mycroft!" John shouted, patience unravelling. "I don't mean Adler's body, if this is really her, which it
"No," Sam said quietly. He didn't want to trade everything he had, only the worst of it. Not Sandra. "I can't do this anymore, Marian. I'm exhausted. I just want it to stop."
"Yes," he drawled. "Unfortunately."
"I dreamt I was at Bastion and you were dead," John heard himself say. Sherlock nodded but stayed silent and John was grateful – he didn't want any vapid platitudes or obvious reassurances. He knew Sherlock was not dead, just as much as he knew that either of them could die unexpectedly. He was a former army surgeon. He knew how quickly things could change.
"Does Mary know you're here?" Sherlock asked, letting a cool note dip into his voice that she ignored.
"Even with you?"
"What do you know?"
were you thinking, Sherlock?"
"Why?"
Not if
"Right. We'll go round him up.
"How long?" Josephine asked.
. Neither of those things are true for us."
John stared, aware that he wasn't doing much else, trying desperately to follow Sherlock's path – not because he didn't understand – or at least he thought he might – but because it was
“Do you want other people to think I’m sexy?” Sherlock asked. A smile stretched across John’s lips; he felt a twitch of an answering one in their kiss.
"Do you know him?"
Sherlock gazed at the open book, not really seeing the spread pages with the colourful images and his own handwriting already dominating the margins, not noticing when John's laptop screen went dark to conserve power.
," he corrected when she shot him a look. Donovan's lips twitched into a small smile and John relaxed.
Not because it was difficult, but because she knew enough about him.
Sherlock's eyes flickered over his brother in rapid assessment. Like McKinney, Mycroft was covered in bruises and cuts. Most of the right side of his body was encased in casts; his entire right arm and shoulder and his lower right leg. He'd have bandages on his ribs and he had two strips of plaster across his nose. This prevented an oxygen mask, so he was wearing a tube that ran beneath his nose. Sherlock scanned the equipment monitoring Mycroft's heart rate and blood pressure, able to evaluate the readings thanks to his own time in the hospital following the crash.
"You love me anyway," Sherlock replied. John leaned up for a kiss, and Sherlock could still feel the smile against his lips.
“I’m serious,” he said.
He finished his tea, forcing himself to think about what Sam had said even though he was inclined not to. The idea of putting in any effort right now was exhausting. What would John do? What if he dismissed any attempts to set things right as insufficient or just uninteresting? Sherlock could not even tell which was worse.
thinks," Mycroft said.
"All right," he agreed, his voice fading.
"All right, Constable," she sighed. "Let's go sort this out in an hour and a half. You're with me."
"No, I don't think I would," John answered levelly.
Sherlock realized it in the blink of an eye, clamping down on the nearly catastrophic comment and diverting John’s attention from any unexplained gaps in his observations by focusing on a woman pushing a buggy while being harried by a small toddler.
"I am listening to you!" John yelled. "I'm standing here in our fucking disaster of a flat listening to you tell me that you think I'm like some sodding serial killer! Seven years, Sherlock! Seven
"Yes, I get that," John sighed and Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him irately. "So yes, I slept with Sarah – please don't tell me how you figured that out, I really don't need to know, although it doesn't surprised me at all that you did. It still wasn't very serious. I know you know that, too, because it wouldn't have escaped your brilliant deductive skills. You'll also remember that I wasn't exactly heartbroken when she split up with me. In fact, I seem to remember that not long after that,
"Yes, of course."
Sherlock frowned, feeling a flutter of anxiety in his stomach. The sensation was uncomfortable and unwelcome but he set his jaw against it.
only four.
Sherlock was dressed in one of John's old t-shirts, a black one that John had vaguely noted was missing but hadn't really cared because he only wore it when doing heavy cleaning. It was so old he probably should have just binned it or turned it into dusters, but it didn't actually have any holes. Sherlock was also wearing a pair of his own jeans, but one of the pairs he used for his disguises on cases, John noted, not either of the good pairs he would sometimes consent to wear mostly for John's benefit. And his polished shoes, the pair that had been missing downstairs.
, John finally texted back.
"Yep." John grabbed the empty plate Sherlock had abandoned on the floor and deposited both in the kitchen before summarily banishing the characters on the television.
“No, it won’t,” John said. “Come on, get your things and let’s go.”
He didn't
Plus you never knew who you might meet. She'd been introduced to some of her most interesting clients that way.
2 June
"Would we?" Sherlock asked in return. "You estimated his time of death within a few hours of when Richard Douglas was originally found in his office – but what if our mystery man has been kept cold to delay our estimates?"
"Good," was all his second said, settling into a seat across from Sherlock's desk, one leg crossed over the other (right leg, so possibly his knee was still bothering him slightly, but no indications of any discomfort, no stiffness in his movements, no twinges around his eyes).
"Your threats are meaningless," he growled and kissed her again.
The mere idea of it was even worse than the reality that he was being toyed with, led where someone else wanted him to go.
“That was Jim! You told me he was out of the picture!”
dog," he said, trying for sternness and knowing he'd failed completely. "You have to take care of her."
"We can reschedule," Harry protested, but Sherlock had already stepped off the pavement and was hailing a cab. They watched him vanish down the street before she looked up at John, giving her head a small shake.
"Sorry, I'm the fidgety one?" John asked.
Something tugged at his attention, not anything observable or conscious, but something more instinctive than that – John’s presence registering on his senses. Sherlock hated that he couldn’t quantify it properly; there had to be some logical, scientific explanation as to why he was so much more aware of John than he was of anything else.
He read about Ireland and looked at photos and still felt nothing, which made him uneasy. Maybe they were wrong? Maybe he wasn't John Riley? How could he possibly feel so little about the place he'd come from, the place they said he fought for?
of this case!"
Bedclothes tugged to the pale arc of prominent collarbones.
25 June
Veronique quelled the impulse to be angry by the suggestion that she might not be able to do so. The work spread out on her desk had ceased to be important. It could wait. Someone else could do it.
"Okay," Sandra said from the kitchen and he raised his head, meeting her eyes. She was watching him calmly, with concern.
She’d found him after he’d already found it, before he’d had it fully but knowing it was there, and taking it utterly for granted.
Surely not?
"Yeah, right," Hassard said, sitting back on her heels. "Aside from breaking into abandoned tunnels to spray graffiti everywhere."
The early hours of the morning passed in a blur. John went with Sherlock for the PET scan, feeling extraneous and useless as the hospital staff got on with their jobs, moving Sherlock from the ICU and back, detaching and reattaching IV lines and monitors.
Mycroft took a slow breath; Sherlock bristled, aware that his brother was trying to find some loophole, some tiny detail, that would let him turn this back around.
Whoever had done this would pay. But not with Sherlock's life.
His expertise extended to Sherlock's physical moods as well – when he wanted contact, when he could be convinced, when he wasn't remotely interested. And when physical connection was too much and he craved space the way he disdained it so completely in others.
Sherlock paused, aware of John watching him, careful and evaluating. Something nudged the edge of his mind, something wrong about this isolated, helpless feeling.
It felt somehow selfish, being unable to simply let go and enjoy the moment. The sunshine, the warmth of John's body against his, the pleasure of being able to wrap one arm around John's waist, hands linked by interlaced fingers.
"You can snap at me all you want," he said almost kindly and the tone made Sherlock more irate.
"You can't remember mine," Lestrade replied.
“Mm, I do like astonishing,” Sherlock said, fingers moving through John’s hair to trace the outline of an ear. “Still…”
"All right," the detective muttered. "But just this once."
"Sam–" he started.
when it causes you to collapse in the middle of the night."
"Eight years," he lied.
"Yes, I know. This wasn't detangling his deranged ramblings, Gabriel. This was nothing."
"It won't be any fun," Sherlock grouched.
"Can you tell me what you do remember?" John said, turning back to the patient on the bed. Sherlock swallowed on his irritation; they were wasting their time. He was well aware they had nothing better to do that day – Christmas shopping did not count as better – but he had no desire to stay.
"They took your fingerprints when you were admitted, because you're a John Doe. They ran them through the system to see if anything had come up, and that did. It doesn't actually mean anything."
He met John's gaze, but the doctor seemed so distant, even sitting forward on the sofa, the hand on the arm rest bunched into a fist, the muscles around his jaw tight.
John stayed still and quiet for a minute, then moved silently across the room and flopped down on top of Sherlock. He felt Sherlock stiffen, the irritation flowing out of him, replaced by surprise. He didn't move, but John saw his eyes flicker to the side briefly, watching the doctor carefully.
He was supposed to help. He was supposed to be able to do something. He was supposed to prevent death.
"Amanda. Hi," he managed, scrubbing his eyes before casting a critical gaze over Sherlock; the detective was still asleep or unconscious, breathing slowly, his pulse not as strong as John would have liked to have seen, but nowhere near critical.
"Good," John sighed. "That's good. Do you remember the memory prompt the nurse gave you?"
Molly glanced down at Adler's face for a long moment, then nodded.
“It doesn’t suit you.”
"I'll be here," John replied with a slight smile. He watched Sherlock go, appreciating the view, before settling back into his chair to wait.
"But it was," John said and it was not anger in his voice, but a crushing disappointment. That was worse. Sherlock wanted John to shout, to rant, to curse and yell, but the quiet, let down tone was like a blow with every single word.
John caught the way Sherlock's hands curled into fists but ignored it, keeping his gaze on Mycroft.
Gabriel accepted a fresh cup of tea from Tina, who disappeared with remarkable efficiency, even for her. He settled onto the plush leather sofa across from the one Cheryl was occupying, leaving both chairs open for Sherlock, who remained firmly behind his desk. Gabriel let the silence stretch for a moment, crossing his bad leg over his good, giving Sherlock an inscrutable look over his tea cup.
“Well go on then, tell me about all of his daring international exploits. Or yours?”
He took a deep breath held it, took another. The rage, bright and shocking, made his hands tremble. Sherlock steeled himself again, forcing calmness to smother the sharp, manic desire to act, to extract revenge for Wales. For John.
"Good for her," Alexandre said.
But he'd been privately anticipating this New Year's Eve, if only because John had made very firm plans to keep them at home together, without any guests. They'd spent Christmas morning alone, but had bowed to obligatory family obligations for dinner – thankfully only with Harry and Amanda, rather than having to leave London and be entrapped at Sherlock's parents' for days on end.
Sherlock worked him through it mercilessly, until he was shaking but couldn't move, breathing coming only in whimpers. He groaned – relief and protest – when Sherlock pulled away, drawing a long stripe with his tongue. His hand was almost dislodged from Sherlock's hair, not quite, when the detective scrambled onto the chair. A fumbling hand was slapped away by more adept ones; John tried to keep up, fingers still fisted into Sherlock's hair, the other hand tracing – somewhat shakily – up and down a thigh as Sherlock thrust into his own fist, coming with a groan that was buried in the skin of John's neck.
"We were lured out of London, John!"
"Is there a way to see this gallery – the one he died in?"
The world narrowed, concentrating itself solely on the sound of Sherlock’s voice, on the pounding pulse in John’s ears.
"I don't think Sherlock minds that bit," John said dryly.
"And that," Sherlock agreed with what John felt was far too casual a tone.
"Nope," John said, ignoring the eyebrow raised pointedly. "I don't want to talk about anything."
There was nowhere to sit, so he had to make do with the floor, Sam lying over his ankles, getting even more hair on his trousers, the children pressed on either side of him, pointing out every detail they could in the pictures on John's phone.
"Breakfast?" she said. "Remember?"
As far as the police knew.
"First Riley, then Hayes, now you," she commented, then gave a sharp laugh. "Or rather, first Hayes, then Riley, then you."
“You really are, you know,” John said, clicking his phone off to set it on the bedside table.
"And yet, she's not here," Sherlock pointed out, spreading his hands slightly.
"I'm not familiar with that one," he said.
"Only once."
John sat back, thinking quickly.
"Nothing," he said simply. "Oh, quite right, I'm certain you don't believe me, but I can hardly involve myself in all of the little mysteries that make up London."
"It says you have some previous injuries that are consistent with military service. Does that ring any bells?"
"It won't be a matter of anything without a
breakfast," Sherlock replied. "This is not some sort of commercial enterprise."
“If I told you that, I’d have to replace them,” Sherlock said, shaking his head and holding up his hands placatingly when John drew a breath to interrupt. “John, this isn’t about mistrusting you either. If you know who they are, you
"Really?" John sighed, coming back into the living room. "Isn't there a
"A bit repetitive. Is that it?"
"Sherlock–" Mycroft's voice came through on speaker, exasperated and impatient.
set it up both previous times. All of the evidence the police have – some of which you provided – indicates this wasn't her idea. I'm certain that, having never met Amélie Lasselle, Ms Adler made the unfortunate, and rather terminal, mistake of underestimating her."
Snap of the fingers, pointing to one of the two facing the desk.
"You know she does, John. Using the same means Moriarty did, because he was her man. But
"I don't know," he replied. "If I don't know you, then why do I know your name? What do you do?"
"Of course! I 'ave found your solutions very 'elpful in devising my own – and I should tell you, I 'ave a friend or two in the
"He was sending them as the information was coming to him – or, more likely, as he was discovering it."
"Yeah I can see that. But we're not stopping here."
Nursing and taking the tube to work were part of who Sandra was, and Gabriel had no desire for her to lose that just because she could be more comfortable.
he could and he
"Probably a lot of things," Hassard snapped. "You don't get to find out, not today. Back we go." She herded them in front of her this time, John's lips twitching at the scowl on Sherlock's face.
"Poor sod," Carrie said.
"I'm fine," he replied.
Mycroft studied John for a moment, and the doctor refused to back down, feeling a stab of success when the older Holmes brother acquiesced with a faint nod.
One of the paramedics helped haul John up into the ambulance, the sudden change in height making John lightheaded again. He set his jaw against it, crouching down at the foot of the stretcher where he could reach up to hold Sherlock's hand, however uncomfortable that was, to let the paramedics work. One of them thumped twice on the front of the ambulance and John braced himself as the vehicle rumbled to life, catching a nauseating whiff of the vomit he was still wearing.
"Mm," Sherlock said noncommittally and John waited, nibbling at the toast, letting the silence stretched out. A frown twitched across Sherlock's features – evidence he'd just realized he had more to say and hadn't said it.
, John told himself,
"I remember that," Morstan said. "I went after uni – although I suspect my tastes were less sophisticated then."
Sherlock rolled up his shirtsleeve, extending his arm, and John expertly wrapped the piece of rubber just above Sherlock's elbow, tapping his skin lightly, finding a vein.
"Of course I'm angry with him!" John snapped. "He was a bloody terrorist! He blew people up in the name of disliking his government! Or our government, whichever. Doesn't bloody matter."
He grinned again and checked for more notes in the living room but none were immediately visible, so he went into the kitchen. He opened the cupboard where the tea was kept and, sure enough, there was a note on the small sugar tin. He pulled the tin down and set it on the counter and took the note from it but didn't read it right away. John studied the old tin – he didn't remember where or when he'd first got it. It had just been a tin in which he'd put sugar, not something he'd ever given much thought to. It was odd to think that so small a thing had started everything they had now. Because the sugar tin had been empty and they'd been out of sugar altogether, Sherlock had barged up to John's room, shirtless, and demanded John stop playing games with him. And he had – of course – noted the way John had looked at him.
"Sh–" he managed, head falling forward again as Sherlock pounded into him. "Hhn–" Something combining a whimper and a groan slipped from swollen lips as Sherlock thrust. His cock was aching to be touched, so close to Sherlock's hand, but he didn't dare loose his white-knuckle grip on the wall and risk falling.
She nodded and he stalked out the door, closing it behind him, taking care not to slam it.
Something else passed through Sherlock's eyes – something John couldn't put a name to.
He paused, then shot Tricia a look.
"Does 'John' mean anything to you?"
He stopped speaking abruptly and turned back to John, extending a hand. The doctor look at it, befuddled, before raising his puzzled gaze to meet Sherlock's firm one.
John bit back on a retort when Sherlock cast him a glance; it was clear enough that Sherlock had thought this all through and was fine with it – or at least, John admitted, had made some sort of peace with it. He knew it shouldn't get under his skin but it did. Mary had broken Harry's heart and thrown her life into disarray for no reason other than to find out first hand when Sherlock returned.
"Right, it's my schedule that really impedes our time together," John said.
He gestured to Sherlock, keeping low as they crept toward the building, each of them moving to stand on either side of the open entrance, backs against the wall, guns ready. There was no door, just an empty frame covered by a sheet of plastic. It took undisturbed, the plastic fixed firmly to the plywood walls, and the staples holding it in place didn't look fresh.
"Yes," Sherlock said, pursing his lips.
John was ducking even as his elbow connected with the stomach of the man behind him, slipping from a loosening grasp. Fingers tightened convulsively on his jacket but he pulled hard, dodging, only to grunt when someone else slammed into him. He connected with a wall, head ringing, shoulders hunching instinctively to protect his face, to get into whatever space he could as he swung his left fist, hitting just below the ribs. A hot gust of air hit his skin with a startled gasp and he took the opening to get free but it hadn't been enough and a shoulder drove into his chest, forcing him against the wall again, one side of his face pressed against the uneven mortar, the sound of scrambling footsteps as the first man joined them. A word he didn't recognize, his mind informing him uselessly that it wasn't English.
"It's been five months," John sighed. "Why is it just
He closed his eyes, fixing the most common version in his mind. A ring of roses, yes, that had been drawn on the letter, the one that was now spread out on the table above the book. And Laurence had been pushed down the stairs – "we all fall down", as John had said.
Another, deeper, sigh returned him to the files; a well-deserved break was one thing. Procrastinating was another. There were two likely killers at large in London and two dead bodies in the morgue.
And he
"Mycroft's hearing," Sherlock murmured. John sighed, pursing his lips and Sherlock scowled slightly. That was his Displeased-But-Don't-Want-to-Upset-Sherlock expression. "John," he said with a faint warning tone.
For having lied.
"What about Kenton's wife, then? She didn't know?"
The burger and chips were a like manna from heaven; John wished someone could have smuggled in a beer – or five – but made do with the water instead. He ate as slowly as he could make himself, listening to Lestrade hush Mycroft sharply every time Sherlock's brother started to ask about Sherlock's condition.
"Come in," John said, stepping back. Veronique held her ground for half a second more, then strode into their flat, all confidence and angry grace. She glanced around briefly and John wondered what she saw in those few seconds. He'd seen Sherlock do the same – and Sam and Lestrade and other members of the Met. He knew Sherlock probably took away more information than anyone else, but John suspected Veronique came close.
"How dare you?" he hissed, his voice low and dangerous. "How dare you suggest that to me, Mycroft? How dare you presume that this is
"Mycroft, it's Sherlock. Get out of the building. Wherever you are, get out. He wants all of you. For god's sake, call me back!"
"She always is," John replied. "At least
Sherlock stared at him while John untied the bag and put the take away containers on the counter.
"I don't."
Sherlock chuckled once, softly, and Gabriel settled back into the chair facing Sherlock’s desk.
Sherlock stayed frozen.
didn't know anyone in the
Besides, with his mental map of the city, he'd disappear like a shadow, letting the night swallow him up.
The thought threatened to derail him, nearly overshadowing the pleasure at the prospect of seeing Victor again. Sherlock sat back in his chair, closing his eyes and focussing on his breathing, letting years of training take effect, creating a tenuous balance that gradually strengthened. He ignored the desire for a cigarette, telling himself it was an unnecessary distraction, a habituated psychological response that did not need to be indulged.
John gritted his teeth, eyes screwed shut, pushing back despite the stab of pain. Sherlock's free hand pressed against his abdomen, keeping them together, accentuating the growing pressure in his groin. A groan reverberated in John's ear, hot breath against his skin, and he twisted his head enough to find Sherlock in a messy kiss as the detective began thrusting, hitting his prostate with each stroke.
"Yes! All of it!"
Sherlock had been happy to bid good-bye to Paris; now he would have given anything (
He’d gone ashen, the same white shade as the sheets, what was visible of his forehead suddenly beaded with sweat, his breath coming in shallow gasps. One hand fumbled for John’s, and John took it instinctively, squeezing hard, nodding and wondering how well Sherlock could see him right now.
"Everything's important," Sherlock sniffed. "Until it's not."
Not "what did you do?" Sherlock noted. He was vaguely surprised by the lack of immediate judgement since he'd been heaping it on himself the past week and he was certain John and Tricia were as well.
"Sherlock–" Mycroft tried again.
There was something deeper at play here, and Sherlock had told him plainly that he couldn’t know.
"Get some rest," he said. Doe nodded and was almost immediately asleep. John waited a few minutes as he had the night before to make sure the other man's breathing didn't falter again. The situation felt uncomfortably familiar – it had been almost six years but he could still remember too clearly how often Sherlock had fallen asleep without warning – sometimes in the middle of a sentence – following The Crash.
If he’d had the energy, and a point of comparison, he might have charted the effects trying and listening had in this situation. But there was no control – even another patient with a severe concussion (which he could find; NHS records were not that hard to access, particularly when one had Mycroft as a brother), it wouldn’t be the same. He would need someone at the same intellectual level, which was unlikely – although the idea of bashing Mycroft on the head was often appealing.
"My brother, where's my brother?" he demanded before she could even greet him. There was a hesitation on the other end of the line and Sherlock snarled. "Karen, my brother! You need to tell me where he is
All of them needing to be silenced.
"It had better be," Sherlock warned.
makes me feel wanted."
"Yes!" John hissed. "Quite frankly, you have! I'm sick of your games, Sherlock–"
Like Sherlock.
"How are you feeling?" the doctor asked.
He scooped up the laptop and settled on the couch, aware of Sherlock's scrutiny, and ignoring the way the detective was fidgeting, the cuffs clinking gently as he moved. John closed the tab Sherlock had been watching – and muted the sound – before skimming through the other videos.
Still, Sherlock felt warm for the first time in far too long. Warm and secure. Their bed no longer felt large and empty, nor did John's presence make him feel tense and uncertain.
“This is a coincidence,” Lestrade remarked.
"I wondered why that didn't fit the pattern. Oh, I thought Mycroft may be behind all of this, because it wouldn't be beyond him, but not after the explosion. My brother values his comfort, you see. He would find a way to deflect suspicion that didn't leave him injured and confined to the hospital. But you… You're not my brother."
She nodded, squeezing his arm.
Even the memory of it tightened something around his heart, but it hadn't been the drug John expected. A sedative, which he'd given to Sherlock once he'd figured out exactly what it was and double-checked the dosage. They'd slept on the sofa, Sherlock curled up half on top of John.
"Sort of," John replied with a smile. "I grew up on the outskirts – the edges of the city – in an area called Buckhurst Hill. I moved into the city to go to university. Trained at a teaching hospital called St. Bart's. When I enlisted, after I finished school, I served at the veteran's hospital in Birmingham." John paused, waiting to see if he got a reaction to that, but there was none. If Doe had been in the army and injured overseas, it was possible he hadn't been shipped back. Unlikely in John's opinion, due to the nature of his old wound, but still possible.
"Mm," Sherlock said, clearly not listening to him. John rolled his eyes and checked the fridge for some leftovers, glad he'd had the foresight to make up a few meals over the weekend. Sherlock probably hadn't eaten since breakfast and probably wouldn't even notice.
"Happiness isn't a
Sherlock snapped his eyes open, nodded, and called up his contact list. He thumbed through it for his brother's number, about to select it when his phone rang, startling both of them slightly with the unexpected sound.
“You will cooperate with the police – as much as is reasonable. And you will support Sandra.”
She rose took a step toward the kitchen, then turned back, crouching down in front of the couch again, meeting his eyes with her even gaze.
"To find Alexandre Georges. Not to meddle in her business."
"I didn't say anything!" she protested.
Sam exhaled hard, closing his eyes. Without relinquishing his hold, he rolled onto his right side to face her, twinges in aching muscles all the way down his back, and clasped their entwined hands to his chest, folding himself over the contact.
John rolled his eyes but slipped the dog tags on. He opened the fridge and found a note beside the milk.
"I'm not–" Sam started.
"Is that a requirement?"
“Yes,” he agreed. “All right.”
With long practiced effort, he closed his eyes and went back to sleep.
"You know, there are ways of doing that
3 July
"A significant pause colleague?" Sherlock asked. "What would Angela make of that, I wonder?"
The smell of coffee and John surrounded him, accompanied by his partner's moans and his own harsh breathing as the edges of his vision darkened. Fingers tightened on the back of his neck, catching fine hairs as fingernails cut into the skin, and John came with a small, shivering gasp. Sherlock tilted his head back, biting his lower lip as John's lips pressed into his neck, the shock shuddering through him.
Sherlock picked up the note and took the mug into the living room. He set the mug on the coffee table but kept the note with him as he went into the bathroom and fished out a package of nicotine patches. He didn't want to use them because it seemed somehow like cheating, like he was trying to prove to John he was quitting again. But he was going to need them.
With a sigh, John pushed himself to his feet, rotating his good shoulder carefully, tilting his neck side-to-side. Sitting in one position for so long hadn't helped his injured shoulder, and he topped up his ibuprofen, even though he wasn't due another dose yet.
Some people were stubbornly and irrevocably stupid, and there didn’t seem to be anything that could be done about that.
"How come they don't look the same?" she asked, her blue eyes puzzled.
John sometimes slept with Sherlock during the day, or at least lay with him while the detective slept. After finishing his errands Saturday morning, he managed to arrange them on the sofa so that Sherlock was snuggled on top of him under the mass of blankets. John stroked Sherlock's hair and back, watching his sleeping husband's face, trying to find some hint of colour in there. Sherlock was still too pale and too bruised looking around the eyes. He was sleeping too much – of course, since he rarely slept at all, any increase seemed drastic. It was too hot with Sherlock and all of the blankets on top of him, but John didn't care.
Or in danger of being so.
Now, Sherlock sought the same refuge as he had a few days before, but the violin seemed out of sync with him, the melodies he drew from the strings false and stilted. If his mother were here, he might have managed it; he'd always been able to follow on the trails she'd led him, even when the music was at its most obstinate.
Sherlock didn't answer, expression distant again, but more briefly this time; he rounded on John so suddenly the doctor started, trying but failing to contain the reaction.
"What about Brace? What did he say?"
John grinned again, a hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck pulling him into another kiss. Sherlock made a small noise of protest when John pulled his left hand away to undo his own jeans. He wrestled the lube from Sherlock’s fist, breaking the kiss to grasp the small tube between his teeth, expression intent, eyes gleaming, as he freed them each from their pants.
Forcing himself away from the truck, John stumbled up the street with no real destination in mind. He had to get out of the camp. There would be people outside the base. Somewhere. Another base. Kabul. The rest of the world. London. Home.
"Get out," John said brusquely, stepping back into the flat, irritation flaring that Mycroft was still there, unperturbed, as if nothing had happened. "Now."
A brief nod, and Sherlock's hands came up, but John covered them gently, giving a light squeeze.
Two guards were stationed outside the closed door, which had left John wondering why they'd been given unsupervised access to Mycroft's office.
And where had he even got the bloody tips from? She'd have to look into that, too. If someone on her team had a soft spot for Holmes, she'd have to root them out and give them a stern talking to. And maybe a transfer. She couldn't maintain any control if her people weren't doing their jobs.
He wanted Sherlock to work, of course, but this… John wasn't sure it
“So we’re back to the question of what she knows. And if Janine knew – or suspected – we had him, we’d have picked up on that by now.”
John closed his eyes, letting himself appreciate the moment. He knew this wasn't it, and he knew Sherlock understood that, too. But he felt a little better equipped to face everything they'd need to sort out now. At least they both wanted to do it, and they'd be doing it together.
It was a long moment before John moved, while the universe kept swimming around Sherlock, before righting itself slowly. He winced as John pulled out, pursing his lips to contain a whimper, the sensation at odds with the languid lethargy that seeped into his muscles.
“We’ll need the surveillance tapes from this building,” Sherlock was saying as Douglas was carefully loaded into the waiting ambulance. John caught Lestrade beginning to shake his head, but Sherlock ignored it – as usual – ploughing ahead. “And the surrounding buildings – any views of the street that show the entrance and exit. Key card scans from the lot, particularly anything unusual within the past week or so that could raise questions. We’re looking for someone without a pattern, or perhaps a new established pattern–”
"Sometime soon," his husband replied, voice thick and drowsing.
"Wish I could say the same," the DI sighed. "Wertz," he caught a passing PC, "grab us a couple of coffees. Black and…"
"Fuck," John cursed when the detective slid the fruit into his mouth. His cock twitched, hard, when Sherlock swallowed pointedly, and John reached out, grasping at his partner. "Sherlock– please– I can't–"
"This has two fewer wheels than a typical vehicle, so you should be pleased. Of course, if you'd rather drive…"
"When?" she asked with that same sincere curiosity. Sherlock hardened his expression and said nothing – he could leave it at this, and John would never know. He could mention it a week or two from now, in passing, as if it had slipped his mind. He could wait until morning, under the guise of wanting to let John sleep.
“Somewhere we can afford?” John suggested.
Twenty-seven people were dead.
And Sherlock had been right. They were more likely to get in unnoticed just the two of them than an entire armed force would be.
"It might spark some memory if they knew each other."
Any of it.
, Sherlock thought. This was getting him nowhere. From the man's description, it may as well have been John, only taller. That didn't narrow it down much – in terms of colouring, John was not that distinctive. If he were sitting in the back of a cab, his height would probably go unremarked as well.
"Good
"I shouldn't think I have much to be humble about," Sherlock replied, cocking an eyebrow. John grinned, reaching up to pull the hat off, letting Sherlock's now matted curls spring free.
"Yes, that's the point," John said. Sherlock cast him a glare, slouching down in the bed and folding his arms.
she listen, she'd left him a space to answer and he had, he knew, and Georges was so close, just up the stairs, and Sherlock lifted his head, or tried to, to look at the ceiling, baffled by the stars that spun across the darkness, that hadn't been there before he'd moved.
"You're not that big," Sam said.
"The nurse will bring in some forms for you to sign, Doctor Watson," she said, giving him a comforting smile. "This really is precautionary. I'm satisfied with the MRI results for the time being."
His memory wavered for a moment, threatening to send him back to Wales and to Afghanistan at the same time; John set his jaw, drawing his gun and following Sherlock's careful path through the construction site toward the building.
"Then about what?" Hassard asked.
"Come on, come on," John said, hand on Sherlock's face, fingertips like brands on his skin, leaving cooling, lonely patches when they moved. "Stay awake. Stay awake. We need to go."
"What more could anyone ask for?" she replied, smiling brightly back at him.
, Mycroft! Who else do you think he's going to bloody believe about this? I don't even know if he'll believe me! This needs to be rock solid–"
He'd realized he hadn't even left her a note. He had promised to let her know if he was going to be taking one of those pills because they knocked him out so thoroughly and for so long. Of course she'd heard the news story about Brace's death and when he checked his phone, he saw she'd been trying to reach him. That meant all night at work worrying about where he was, if he was working on that case.
She couldn't stand the thought. She couldn't imagine being separated from him like that, either. Not now. It had been frightening enough on the endless cab ride home – she didn't want to consider being confined to visiting hours.
Sherlock spent a tense twenty-five minutes watching Sam, acutely aware that if the younger man should have another panic attack John was better suited for dealing it than he was. But he kept himself calm in order not to induce further distress and Sam's breathing slowed gradually back to normal at which point Sherlock felt confident that he no longer had to sit on the coffee table watching him. Sam had neither thrown up nor asked for anything to eat or drink. Instead, he curled up under the duvet, back to Sherlock, and the detective took the very obvious hint and had moved to sit in a chair away from the Interpol agent but close enough to continue observing him. Sam lay still and tense for seventeen minutes then fell into an exhausted sleep.
“No he is not. Your brother is dead. Whoever this is, he’s trying to get to you. We cannot give him that opportunity.”
"Go on, then," he said. "And let me buy you an ice cream."
"I tend to be a very unusual case," he replied.
, he told himself. He'd wanted Sherlock to work, after all. It was hardly the detective's fault John was stuck here, nursing an injured shoulder.
work. He'd seen Sherlock give it his all – literally – for a case. Jump off of a roof, fake his own death, live as a shadow for nine months, cut off from everyone he loved and everything he knew.
small. That tunnel is contained, in good repair. An ideal place to store a body – and engineered to be so. No rats. But his suit still smelled damp, and the air in there was confined. Damper than the air out here.”
Sherlock stared at him a moment, then slouched down further in his chair.
It would do until Lestrade lost his patience for Sherlock's repeated texts and actually gave him something
had been part of his network.
No salt air. No petrol. No cologne.
"We fit very well," Sherlock countered. "But perhaps not right now. Bed, John."
John pushed himself to his feet.
“Oh, I like that one,” Sherlock murmured, arching slightly as John set a slow pace.
"It that how it is for you?" he asked softly. "Are you giving in because I gave you something? Are you keeping score?"
"Do you imagine there is
"Piss off, John, you're too heavy," Sherlock muttered, refocusing on the couch cushions in front of him.
The stunned expression on Sherlock's face was immediately replaced with lust and John's grin widened more.
"It's all right," she said immediately, foregoing a greeting, her voice barely above a whisper. "He's still asleep, but he's restless. I thought it might help to hear your voice. One second."
"And?" John said.
"I was just about to do the autopsy," she said, gesturing vaguely with the knife to the body on the table.
"It's
"I'm sure I have no idea what you mean," Sherlock muttered.
John was subjected to a puzzled look when he took the seat at the desk across from Sherlock. He returned it with an expectant one of his own, eyebrows raised.
Irene suspected that Dominique's sister would have children of her own, probably relatively soon, and she was glad about that. There were advantages to being an only child, and to having only one child, but Irene would be pleased if Aaron had cousins. He was going to spend a fair amount of time in France, and more than enough that he would know and be close to any children Veronique and her partner had. It wouldn't be siblings, but Irene knew Dominique's family well enough to know it would be close.
He was only going to take away the power she held over him, and put it back where it belonged.
"You're joking, right?"
"I'm sure I can think of a surprise or two to throw in," John whispered. Sherlock shuddered at the sensation of John's breath against his skin, the words, or both.
"Yes," Tricia said, shooting John an evil grin. "I remember from your blog."
He had no doubt Sherlock remembered what had happened the last time someone had broken into Sam's flat – it wasn't a day either of them were going to forget. But he wasn't in the least bit shocked that Sherlock hadn't thought of it when deciding to break in himself.
, he asked himself,
needed, now more than ever, for an innocuous man whose only connection to Sherlock was a faked letter.
Bannerjee sighed, giving her a rueful look.
John had waited four months too long.
Irene considered it unlikely that this woman was one of Jim's people or had followed a similar career path; that would almost certainly have been uncovered by now, intentionally or otherwise. They had been thorough in snapping and reweaving Moriarty's old webs, and Jim had been an object of close enough scrutiny even before Bart's that one of them would have picked up on something if
At least he’d been able to order them in his memory, though. He knew step-by-step what had happened, despite that knowledge being second hand.
"Is this a good idea?" John murmured, resting his good hand lightly on the back of Sherlock's neck.
"Do whatever you need to, Sherlock," John sighed. "I'm going to shower."
"I'm not often inclined to let you lead," Sherlock replied with a slight warning in his voice, arching an eyebrow. It hadn't escaped John's notice that he'd been positioned to lead. He unwound his hand from Sherlock's, earning a questioning look. John just shook his head and put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. He waited until the detective conceded and put his left hand on the small of John's back.
John sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose carefully. He was beginning to wish he'd never called her – none of this meant anything to him.
"You're giving me your friend's business card?" she asked.
"Pushed," Sherlock said.
"But what else is military and requires any number of skills to accomplish its objectives? Paramilitary – terrorist – organizations. The IRA has a number of splinter groups. These do not have databases with files on each member, so no fingerprints there. And if he were a member of one of these branches, he'd have to have a regular job as well – he'd need an income and a cover. Construction is a good choice – he may not be an engineer, but he'd have a solid working knowledge of the strengths and weaknesses of building structures, which would be useful for planting explosives."
listen
John sat down on his side of the bed, putting the framed photograph beside him, angling it so that Sherlock could see it as well. Sherlock settled himself onto the bed, long legs stretched out, crossed at the ankle. Relaxed, but waiting. John pulled open the nightstand drawer on his side of the bed, fishing out two small vials, two syringes and a small piece of flexible rubber.
He recognized this immediately – it was the same anger Sherlock had felt when he’d found out about the very reckless man impersonating Gabriel’s brother.
"Nope," John agreed.
"You're better at this than I am," he said.
"I'm actually looking for a bit of information," he said, passing her his phone with the sketch of Doe displayed on the tiny screen. "Follow up questions about this man."
He sighed and shook his head again.
"He wasn't showing any signs of exposure when he came in, so wherever he'd been, he hadn't been outside for too long. He wasn't wearing gloves or a scarf but his jacket was good for this kind of weather. That's it."
If there had been anyone watching.
"He came in sometimes for quiz night," the waitress said.
"What do you need?" Sherlock asked, crouching in front of him, a sharp edge in his deep baritone.
"Get out of my house."
"You didn't have to make dinner," Sandra said.
John thought,
The flat was empty when Sherlock got home, and the fact that he knew it would be didn’t offset the minor flash of annoyance. The tracking app he had on John’s phone put his partner in the same place he’d been all evening – some blasted pub with Bill Murray.
He didn't know if he could have done it.
Provided, of course, those hadn't mysteriously vanished from an evidence locker.
"That
The question ended with only the slightest tremor but there was raw need in Riley's face – pleading for some reassurance that once all of this had been important to him. That it was more than just facts delivered by a stranger who didn't like him.
"If I were anyone else, yes," Sherlock said. John rolled his eyes, thumb hovering over the unlock symbol on his phone. "John. Trust me."
"Why? Do you think remembering the snow or the hospital lights is important? Do you imagine those play into his assault? His recollection of my name could be entirely coincidental – perhaps he knows someone whose case I investigated or perhaps he read it somewhere. His memories are nonsensical and unrelated."
He knew his own weaknesses, and John was at the very top of that list.
"And what do you propose we do? Take the tube?" Sherlock drawled, refusing to budge; they were far enough from the flow of traffic that they were hardly in danger of being hit, and he was damned if he was going to give in – even implicitly – to her commandeering of his work.
Sam's breathing finally slowed enough to let John know the worst of the adrenaline spike had abated. He had Sherlock take Sam's pulse again, giving the agent more time to adjust before being touched since it was less urgent now, and was pleased that his heart rate had dropped. It was still too high but far better than it had been.
"Mycroft's the pattern," John said. "We know that, at least."
As useful as that was, it was also somewhat inconvenient, particularly when John banded together with the nurses to insist Sherlock use a wheelchair when being discharged. Apparently, he was not to be trusted to walk long distances on his own – if the ward to the street counted as a long distance – but he acquiesced after only a cursory resistance, because it meant getting out of the blasted hospital and home faster.
The faint chime of an alert on her phone was a welcome distraction; Mary sat back from her work, picking up her mobile, arching an eyebrow at the small screen.
With a faint sigh, he sat up, liberating himself from the duvet. The air in the room was cooler but not uncomfortable – Sherlock was not a man who appreciated discomfort in his living environment, and the flat was always at a temperature that suited both of them.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Mary scarcely had time to register the door opening before Holmes strode in, his appearance abrupt enough that she didn't need to feign the startled jolt. Grey eyes swept over her, disapproving, and she bristled reflexively, trying not to let it show. If Holmes had picked up on it, it didn't seem to faze him – but of course it wouldn't. Even if he realized his evaluation had offended her, he wouldn't care.
John sat back in his chair, turning his eyes away again.
"It's not that hard," John countered. "I just talk. He asks me questions, I asks him some. He's not a stupid man, Sally. He wants to know things."
"You weren't here. They're always boring when you're not here."
"John, sit." Puzzled expression in John's blue eyes; Sherlock stopped, pursing his lips slightly. The doctor's stance was too rigid, even for him. Holding back – or trying to – from pain.
Harry didn't need to know where it came from – Sherlock had other high-paying clients, after all – but after everything Mary had done to the people John loved, there was something very smugly satisfying about the idea of using her blood money to pay for Harry's happiness.
John wondered if men like them ever felt safe.
"Resting his shoulder," Sherlock said to offset the obvious question poised on two sets of lips. "Lestrade, would you stop monopolizing my pathologist?"
"Not in the slightest," Sherlock said.
," Sherlock spat, patience obviously unwinding at what he clearly thought was John's inability to keep up, "Mary doesn't know about Georges, but she
, no matter how insignificant it seems."
The food was becoming less and less appetizing each time he ate there, and John was already counting down the days until he could take Sherlock home and order takeaway from all their favourite places.
The thought made Sherlock pause, drawing his attention away from the compilation of names in front of him. He let it, without frustration or rancour.
The detective snapped his mouth shut and shot Sam a severe glare that was returned with equal ferocity. His green eyes were brighter and there were fine lines of tension around them. Not pleading, not quite, but something bordering on desperation. Sherlock held off a moment longer before setting his tea aside with a disgruntled huff.
Was he trying to distract himself, or was he trying to tell himself something?
"I did. Repeatedly."
"The floodlights! Shut them off!"
They hadn’t named him – but then again, they hadn’t named each other. The names had come through the diligent efforts of intelligence officers, through countless hours of legwork, of greasing the right palms, of listening to the right whispers.
When his vision returned, Sandra really started to see it. As Sherlock improved, so too did his own sense of humour, which Sandra suspected existed largely because of John. She listened to them banter good naturedly and occasionally caught a glimpse of them through the window of Sherlock's private room, curled up very carefully on the bed together, just holding each other. Later, she would find out that John was not actually gay but bisexual but she scarcely thought it mattered. It was clear they were meant for each other.
