. His skin had a sun-warmed glow and a light sheen from the humid air. And why shouldn’t he look like a tanned beach bum? Here he was hiding out in a hut near the beach, smelling of sea salt and probably spending his days sleeping and eating food off banana leaves.
to feel so much like freedom. But he’s happy and sated and he won’t question it, at least not today.
,” Steve gasps against the pillow. Tony can see he’s pretty much got a death drip on the bars of the headboard now. He shoves the finger in all the way; Steve’s so tight and hot and Tony drips more lube over him, getting him good and wet before pushing another finger into him, fucking them both in and out while Steve keeps a mantra of
There’s a twenty-foot-tall artificial Christmas tree dominating Stark Tower’s lobby and Steve thinks it’s beautiful.
Steve travels between New York and SHIELD HQ in DC often now, checking in with Natasha and Clint on any updates or clues. Sometimes he feels like they’re humoring him but he’s beyond caring. If Loki was telling the truth, Steve will never forgive himself for not trying his damndest to find Bucky.
“Look at you, finally being put to good use,” he said, imagining his tongue rolling over the fingers. He could sense the pressure, but he wished he could feel the heat of his mouth, the wetness.
He wanted to encourage him, tell him to ruin the sheets, soak them through with his slick, and then fuck through the bed, as hard and as fast as he wanted. Tell him to keep sucking like he was doing right now, like Tony was the most delicious thing he'd ever had on his tongue, like he couldn't get enough of him. He wanted Steve to grab his dick by the base and drag his fist up, wringing every last drop out of him.
Steve’s ankle was rubbed raw where the chain dug into it, the skin appearing purplish-blue under the faint moonlight streaming in through his nearly opaque windows. The pillow he was holding had a few tears in it, and looked damp in places, like Steve had been biting into it.
Tony charms the wait staff in a way that reminds him of Bucky, but Bucky’d mostly done it to get discounts, something Tony’s never needed. And hell, he and Bucky had never even
“Was that you trying to apologize?” Steve laughs. “Oh god, Tony, that was—there’s no need for apologies, I knew you weren’t—the look on your
He combs his hair, straightens his clothes and stretches his lips into a smile; his mirror reflects a perfectly content-looking young man ready for a night on the town, ready to join all the other happy, bustling citizens of New York. “You look fine,” he tells his reflection. “Just swell. If Bucky was here, he’d say you look like—”
and fuck him. Fuck him while Steve was fully lucid, when Steve could be—loud, maybe, maybe he’d even beg. Maybe he’d still be completely silent but it didn’t matter because Steve’s eyes would be wide and focused on him, solely on him as Tony had his way with him.
He buys a thousand dollars worth of toys and donates them and feels like he could cry, not because he feels like he’s done something amazing, but because he’s done something he’d always wanted to do—he’s splurged.
“I don’t know,” Thor says. “He’s an odd man, our Tony. But I’ve taken to these festivities immensely. Perhaps I can explain their intricacies to you?”
. He pressed his body down against the armour and canted his hips up and down and just—humping against the metal plates, slow and leisurely.
. It makes him feel a little ridiculous—it’s stupid, really, the entire tree is so fucking stupid-looking, with its little Santa-hat-wearing Hulk and its little Black Widow covered in tinsel, flanked by two little lights, one red, one yellow. It’s stupid and lovely and amusing and Steve’s weirdly glad it exists.
Tony must admit he hadn’t expected Steve’s reaction to be immediate exasperation. He’d expected surprise and concern, not irritation and a leap to the worst conclusion. Apparently, even after Steve’s handwritten apology, Steve still thought Tony would be spiteful enough to hunt him down and turn him in.
He’d always imagined her, loose and relaxed, with her hair down for once, no bags under her eyes. Her face wouldn’t be creased, and she’d be reclining on a couch that wasn’t dusty or lumpy. She’d have a novel in her hands and no worries in her head.
But he tried not to talk too much. Steve himself never talked; he'd wander in silently, and wander out silently, never begging or asking permission, or even just greeting him. Tony figured he must prefer it this way; quiet and secretive. Two people just enjoying each other's bodies and expecting nothing else.
Steve scrunches up his face. It’s odd to think Tony would have all this done for him, especially considering they’ve exchanged a grand total of about a hundred words since Steve moved into the tower. He doesn’t owe Steve a good time, doesn’t owe him a cultural education. They aren’t even friends, really—not yet. But he answers anyway. “Uh. Sure? I’m not sure there’s much to be gained learning all your modern holiday traditions. It’s all a little flashier now, and the people’s wish lists are more diverse than I’ve ever seen, but it’s still not so different. It’s still what it’s always been about.”
And that was when Steve started thrashing, really giving it his all. He bucked his hips up, arching off the floor before wrapping his legs around Tony’s waist to try to flip them over. He got about halfway there, the two of them lying on their sides, tangled up in each other as Steve shoved against him with his hips, Tony’s fingers now lodged down his throat, both of Steve’s hands held together under one gauntlet.
Christmas. He never had to wait in line for the slightest of discounts, he was never waylaid in bed, he probably always had a nice tree and a roaring fire and a feast on Christmas Eve. He could’ve bought his loved ones whatever they desired, really made them happy—his Christmases could’ve been like the ones out of the fliers and advertisements, all comfy pajamas and smiling faces and wrapping paper and bows strewn artfully around the room.
Steve had been the last to accept Stark’s invitation to live in the tower—to make their little boy band legitimate, Stark had said—and he’s still a little at sea with—with everything. And it’s not as if this ostentatious plastic tree makes him feel at
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve says and Tony decides to remove his thigh entirely, leaving Steve to thrust up against nothing. Steve makes a noise of frustration and Tony bites back a laugh; Steve is always so eager.  “Tony,” he warns.
“Steve,” Natasha says gently from somewhere far away. “These were embedded deep in SHIELD’s databanks.”
For Clint he buys a box set of terrible Christmas movies. But, because he feels bad, he also buys him all the mystery novels he can get his hands on and a fine China set (for target practice, he thinks guiltily).
He was sick—he knew this made him sick—but he couldn’t help missing Steve’s company, because now he was here alone in his penthouse, horny, and Steve was alone in his own suite, fucking himself on a pillow. What he’d give to just take that elevator to Steve’s place and unlock his door, climb into
“You’re sad on Christmas,” Tony says. “So we’re gonna go stand on ice. Maybe even get some hot chocolate, who knows.”
“Aw, kiddo,” Tony said, straddling his thighs, “looks like all your drama might’ve just been hormones.”
He wrenched Steve’s sweatpants down below his hips and began unbuckling his own jeans, mouth still latched on Steve’s throat. He knew the flare of anger in his gut wasn’t rational and he therefore couldn’t act on it. He had to be gentle because they’d both
Steve’s about to tell him to stop bothering poor Ms. Potts with him, but what Tony said suddenly hits and it’s—confusing. “Wait, you don’t like Christmas? Why?” Tony could
. As soon as Tony’s pelvis smacks against Steve’s ass, he pulls out so just the head remains in Steve, before thrusting forward again, as hard and deep as he can.
Tony’s got mayo on his face and either he’s the messiest fella alive or he does these things on purpose, but Steve’s distracted again. He’s inside and warm and full and it’s snowing out and he’s sitting across from one of the most powerful people in the world—a person whose time is
Steve shoves him off and glides away with his head held high—he’s a grown-ass man and he’ll have hot drinks if he damn well wants them. But right now all he wants to do is see how fast he can skate (the answer: very) and try skating backwards. The chill of the wind actually feels nice and, for once, the falling snow doesn’t mean him any harm—he
He shoved Steve away, told him to clean himself up. He was still hard inside the suit, but it would pass.
“Steve,” Tony says quietly, almost directly in his ear. “We can read through this with you, lend some moral support. Remember what you said your therapist told you.”
“Every time,” he hears Tony muttering to himself as he crawls out of monster slime. “Every fucking time. What is it that… What do they want from me?”
It takes a moment to register what he’s said. He hasn’t heard a single soul here in the future utter that name and now here’s Loki of all people breathing life into a ghost.
There’re the sounds of cameras going off and maybe more people recognize them than he’d previously thought. “It’s a lot harder than it looks.”
Tony nudged him again, closer to his cockhead, where his boxers were soaked through with precome, and Steve started licking at the wet fabric—little kitten licks, really, with the tip of his tongue.
. He was half-hard at the thought of it, like a fucking teenager, getting off on fantasizing about a guy he’d been unintentionally
Tony groaned, frustrated. “JARVIS, turn it off,” he snapped; the screen disappeared and he was back to staring at the TV, the show’s laugh track beginning to grate on his already frazzled nerves.
He sits outside Tony’s workshop and waits. Waits for the anger to consume him and then burn itself out.
Panting, he leaned back up and saw that Steve’s mouth was so wet, even wetter now that he was drooling, saliva and precome dribbling out the corner of his mouth, coating his lips and chin with a damp sheen. His eyelashes were even wetter now, and Tony thought he might be crying—crying at how good it felt, sobbing as he chased his own pleasure as he continued to rut against Tony’s 1000 thread sheets, getting them all soaked.
“Relaxing. Tony, we fought a tentacle monster yesterday.” They don’t take holidays because super villains don’t.
“No. No, no, it’s not that, it’s just—I don’t know, honestly.” He’s had panic attacks and this isn’t it, this is just a very sudden, very overwhelming sense of disappointment and
he could. With his sweet tooth in mind, Steve actually tries baking something properly. He’s got a festive apron on, oodles of supplies and JARVIS is playing that awful, ever-constant holiday music.
guilty; this is their night off, and although Tony is perpetually comfortable in his suits, Steve would rather go without.
But his damned feeble body meant she worked around the clock and made it so he couldn’t make any extra change for the winter, so he couldn’t even buy her a box of chocolates.
Steve acquiesces and sucks harder and deeper, lifting his head up off the pillow a little. It looks pretty uncomfortable, so Tony thrusts forward, hard and fast, and Steve chokes. He eases back but Steve grabs him by the ass and shoves him forward again, into his mouth and down his throat. “
“Captain America is compromised!” a nearby reporter frantically yells into her mic. “I repeat, Captain America is—”
Steve face was flushed but there wasn’t even a bead of sweat on him. “You’re so damn rotten,” he said, “that even when you try to do the smallest bit of good, you fuck it all up. What’s the body count, Stark?”
sound against Tony’s mouth. Tony presses his thigh down harder and Steve cants his hips up again, just a gentle little thrust. “You wanna hump my leg, Steve? You can if you want.”
Tony’s more often surrounded by things that are made of metal and gears and batteries than things that are made of skin and sinew and blood, and he’s angry that he’s been so caught up in the dark cloud over his head that he hasn’t noticed. What else hasn’t he noticed—about the others?
“I’ll order for you,” Tony says, brightening, and that’s another thing, a thing about how much Tony likes doing things for people—“Seriously, don’t sweat it, we’ll get you all caught up on the good stuff. I mean, you’ve already tried a lot of the good stuff, but this is… Trust me on this.”
He thought about the other times Steve did this, the times he quietly snuck into his bed just to suck him or rut against him. Now he could swallow him down like a pro, and Tony bet that soon enough, he’d have him bouncing on his cock. He’d let him play with his ass just like he lets him play with his mouth, and just the mental image of that was enough to get him to give a particularly brutal thrust upwards, straining to get every last inch of him inside Steve somehow.
He pressed the flat of his hand down over his dick, trying to will it back down as the Steve on the holoscreen sniffled in his sleep and began to slowly grind his hips into the pillow he’d been clutching—the pillow that had now wormed itself in between his thighs. Steve’s mouth had dropped open and he licked at his lips, and like Tony had thought he would, he began to suck at nothing, maybe imagining something was there for him to feed on.
—just mindlessly fucking into Steve’s mouth. Steve grunted and choked but Tony figured he must like it—
So Tony did—he went as deep as he could, actually, knocking the breath out of Steve. Steve’s dick was clearly interested since it dribbled out more precome as Tony set the pace, slow but hard.
“Every shot I take is a nice shot,” Iron Man says, and Steve can practically hear the confident smirk in his voice.
He smiles, dimly. “Electric. Made of iron, like you. She worked so hard at everything—at her job, at home. And just taking care of me took a lot out of her, and I tried to fake it, tell her I’m feeling swell, but she
“I completely understand if you wanna take it slow,” Tony gasps as Steve pushes him up against the doors to the tower’s elevators. He leaves wet, open-mouthed kisses against Tony’s jaw, delighting in the scratch of his stubble against his lips. “I get it, really, I do. If you wanna wait until the third date or, fuck—that’s—if you want to wait, I can be a very patient man if I wa—
And then Tony’s shoulders slump—in apparent relief—and he says, “Yeah. Yeah, okay—I’m glad then.” His smile’s back. “Put on your warmest outfit, it’s snowing again.”
“Daddy loves you too,” Tony tells him before collapsing onto him. Steve offers him a tired chuckle and a nearly-painful poke to the abdomen.
And when Tony pulls back to look at him with those brown-black eyes, all Steve can think to say is: “This is gonna be on all these people’s Myspaces tomorrow.”
Steve directed him to a jar of Vaseline on the windowsill and if that was what Steve wanted, then fine, Tony had no qualms about fucking him.
Steve himself had usually woken to the sounds of autos and people walking by the street and the rattling of the furnace accompanying the rattling of his lungs. He awoke with a red nose and a stuffy head and his mother’s hand on his forehead or Bucky’s dumb grin right up in his face.
Except now, he felt Steve shake his head, his soft hair brushing against Tony’s heated skin. Steve smacked at his lips, his eyebrows furrowed and his eyes blinking open.
Tony’s giving him that strange look again. “…But if you really want someone to go to your soup kitchens with you, I’m sure Thor would be down. Or Bruce. That definitely seems like his kind of thing.”
Tony’s looking at him with an expression so intense that Steve wants to laugh again, but Tony's leaning in and Steve's mind kind of just stutters and his breath hitches and Tony says, “You know you’re sitting under mistletoe, right?”
Bucky seemed to remember him the one time he managed to catch up to him, but he’s a hard man to find after that.
“You used to wear newspapers in your shoes,” Bucky says a little haltingly after Steve releases him from a hug. Then he glances down at Steve’s hand. “Nice ring.”
dollars for a steak.  And he’s not a fucking idiot, he understands modern pricing, he does the conversions in his head and even then, it still seems like too much. Too much to spend on him for a meal, even if they could afford it, easy.
and pushing the can towards Steve. Their gift to each other was saving enough money so that they could take a night off to have some real, filling food; Steve would take his coins to the grocer, get apples and bread and dried goods that would last them ages, and maybe a tin of coffee. Bucky’d bring some dubious sort of meat from the butcher, all wrapped up in greasy newspaper. Sometimes he’d bring a bottle of whisky to warm their blood and maybe cheese, even. Maybe chocolate if it’d been a particularly good quarter.
On Christmas Eve they have a home-cooked meal courtesy of Bruce (though Steve tries to pitch in as much as he can) and Tony announces their engagement. When everyone gapes at them, Steve feels pity and lets them know that
, coming in every few days and of course Tony never refused him—how could he turn down a 2:00AM blowjob from Captain America?
it, to keep coming back night after night—especially since if he didn’t like choking on cock, he could easily pull off and give Tony one of his patented Disappointed stares.
For Thor he buys some of the most ridiculous, beautiful chocolate masterpieces he’s ever seen. Real artistry—almost seems like a shame to eat them. He also buys him a large tome of Norse myths; he figures Thor would find it amusing.
his ma’s voice says in his head, muted and soft like an old, old recording. “No. She probably wouldn’t have.” He unclenches his hands and puts them in his lap, and they’re silent for another minute.
,” as he came too, down Steve’s throat, his cock pulsing inside him. The only thing he could hear was the blood rushing in his ears and the faint, slick noises coming from Steve's tight mouth.
“Captain,” Tony says, snapping his fingers in front of his face and goddamn that’s rude. Such an asshole. Such an endearing, stupid asshole. “You zoned out there.”
He places his hands over Steve’s pecs again and circles his thumbs over his nipples. He pokes them, pressing his thumbs down hard and then eases up only to
Steve was growling, trying to shove his tongue against Tony’s and clawing hard enough at Tony’s armour to make it creak. This was it, this was Steve at his most base, pushed off his pedestal and forced into the mud along with the rest of them. Along with Tony.
on this tree. “I guess this is your first Christmas in the modern era, huh?” Tony continues. “Must be exciting. The commercialism hasn’t offended you yet, has it?”
“Hm?” Tony says, looking up from the menu. His suit fits perfectly and his hair is perfect—he really does clean up well. He was covered in grease and oil not an hour before. “Why?” he continues. “Is it because of the jeans? No one cares, Steve.”
“It’s really a secular holiday now more than anything,” Steve says. It’s true, he’s been told and he sees it wherever he goes. “What’s not to like?”
Steve tilts his head, like he’s deliberating, like he hadn’t already made up his mind as soon as Tony had showed up with cupcake icing on his face. “Alright,” he says slowly. “That sounds delightful, Mr. Stark. And I’d be more than happy to accompany you anywhere because you’re sad on Christmas, and I’ve been told that that’s just unacceptable.”
“If you’re asking for my opinion,” Stark says, scratching at his beard, “I think he’s lying.” He must register something in Steve’s expression because he hastily adds, “But then again, you said they never recovered a body… And that he had been experimented on…”
“I write cheques, that’s as far as my philanthropy extends,” he sniffs, raising his chin. “I’ve got a multinational company to run—”
I was lying, every damn time. She probably knew how much I worried about her too, but it still wasn’t as much as she worried about me.”
“Your ex-girlfriend runs your company,” Clint snorts, still rifling through the movie collection, looking strained constipated as he does so. “The hell is… This is the Muppets, Stark. You bought the Muppets Christmas special. For who, exactly? What good does this serve?”
When Iron Man blows up a confirmed HYDRA base with a single repulsor blast, Steve’s man enough to admit he’s a little turned on.
And just like that, Tony’s face falls, his expression closes off, and he looks like his readying himself for a fight. Steve’s suddenly glad they’re the only two at the tower; he’s trying to
“Fuck,” Tony breathes. “Fuck, Steve, I knew you'd love this, knew you’d love getting fucked on daddy’s cock.” He pulls out – almost all the way – and then shoves back in.
He’s pretty sure Steve’s crying – like actually crying, tears and everything. He can hear the wet breaths, the hiccups and just sucks harder, determined to eat him out clean, to swallow all the come in him. He doesn’t care; to him, Steve tastes fucking amazing, he could lie there with his face buried in his ass for hours if he could.
He didn’t expect that to actually get to Steve, but it does. Steve deflates a little, his head falling back against the pillow. Tony takes pity on him and cups Steve’s cock through his sweats. Steve’s breath hitches and Tony smiles. “You wanna be good, don’t you? You wanna make me happy?”
Stark looks up from the gauntlet he’s working on. He stares at Steve for a long moment. “Wow,” he says.
The place feels full, and he knows Tony feels it too, if his ever-present crinkly grin and giddy laughter’s anything to go by.
He dropped his forehead against Steve’s as he continued his thrusts and Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders. This felt—it felt so fucking good, and not just the sex but being held like that, with Steve so solid and warm. This was not the Steve in his head, the Captain America of his childhood because he was no longer Captain
Tony does good on his promise to not fly him back to the tower, and Thor looks at him apologetically, saying he’d already promised Natasha a lift. Steve takes a taxi, tipping generously to make up for the slime stains.
So they miss The Nutcracker but Steve’s pretty sure the team has more fun untangling Tony from tentacles than anything else.
Maddeningly, Steve didn’t even bother replying, just continued shucking off his wet and bloodied uniform. Like Tony was too much of a dumb fuck to try reasoning with. Like it didn’t
The lube and condoms were upstairs, so they couldn’t have sex in the lobby. Steve feels oddly disappointed by that. Tony tells him that his disappointment is the “hottest thing ever.”
“It’s fine,” he says, willfully calming the stirring in his chest. And it is. There isn’t a lot for him to do in his downtime—it’s not as if SHIELD assigns homework—so he’s content to put himself to use, even if he goes alone, even if he has to leave the warm, heated tower to trudge through the wet streets and cold air of the city in almost-winter. He ladles out broth for the better part of three hours and goes mostly unnoticed (and if anyone does recognize him, they’re too hungry or tired or both to care).
he doesn’t say, but it flashes in his eyes. “I just thought you might appreciate spending time with me, having a nice, relaxing holiday—”
“You’re so squirmy, baby.” He pinches his right nipple between his thumb and index fingers and watches the skin around it turn pinker. “Look at you, drooling onto the pillow, shoving your hips up – you’re so desperate, huh?”
“FRIDAY, open up,” Tony said, and the suit folded away from him. Steve seemed surprised that he was suddenly holding real warm skin instead of cold metal. If he were being honest, Tony was a bit surprised himself, but what did it matter—if Steve wanted to fight him, he’d already proven that he was stronger than the armour. And besides: he knew Steve didn’t want to fight him.
“I’ll show you bruising,” Tony says, voice hushed, but Steve hears it anyway, and a second later, he’s weaving around other skaters, trying to flee from Tony who, most likely, is about to shove him over.
“Ow,” Steve said, and a vicious part of Tony wondered if he was being purposefully difficult; Tony was being so careful! The better part of him--that fragile, hurting,
After a beat, Stark breaks out into a grin (he has a nice smile when it’s not a smirk, Steve thinks). “
Tony shoved another finger into him and Steve’s eyelashes became dark, clumping together. He pulled them out and shoved back into him in a wicked pace, watching Steve’s hole flutter against their width. The needy bastard. Always so untouchable and look at him now, writhing around on the dirty floor, fucking himself on Iron Man’s fingers, blood in his mouth and pre-come slathered over his gut.
HYDRA agents, on the other hand, are completely inept. Steve’s shocked they managed to remain hidden for so long.
He went over to his bar, poured himself a drink and told JARVIS to turn on the TV. He sat, bathed in its bluish glow, enjoying the false company of human voices, not really paying attention. He was thinking how much easier life was a few days ago when Steve would quietly invite himself in and grope Tony through his clothes, not saying a word and honestly not expecting anything in return, just giving Tony whatever he wanted and somehow walking away sated just from that.
Steve’s witnessed a lot of heartbreak in his life. A lot of anger and resentment. What he sees now is all that and
“Christ,” he gritted out, pushing Steve's head further down, forcing him to take more. “Christ, you feel so
Tony had said, “We’ve divorced and she’s taking DUM-E.” Steve knows for a fact that they were never married. Tony then went off to introduce him to DUM-E, his… robotic arm. “Every little boy needs a robot arm,” he’d said. He’d been trying to distract himself, that part was obvious, and Steve wonders if that’s why he throws himself so hard and completely into every single one of his projects—he’s trying to distract himself, keep his brain occupied with constructive, solvable things. Maybe. He can admit he doesn’t know the man well enough to say, despite learning so much of his history from the neat little files SHIELD had provided.
“And you wanted to sit on your hands,” Tony replied. He could feel blood pound at his temples; so much for talking about this calmly. It looked like he would have to gear in for another lecture from some sanctimonious prick half his fucking age. “You’re in this fight—this mess—just the same as I am,” he said, gesturing to the squalid surroundings of the safe house, “so it’d be helpful if you started offering solutions instead of spouting condemnations.
Some hours later, Steve comes across an article that makes his heart drop like a boulder. Maria and Howard Stark killed in a car accident. An
Steve makes a noise of pure frustration and reaches for his own cock but Tony swats his hand away. “You’re Tony.”
, like a decent human being would have done immediately upon realizing there was something not quite right with their teammate.
. Had Steve known he had this problem? Why hadn’t Tony tried talking to him, why was he so content with lying back and letting him do whatever he wanted?
“That place was expensive,” Steve finally says, and to his credit, Tony doesn’t laugh. He can't believe he can go on a shopping spree but can't handle a pricey meal.
…” Steve’s moving his hips frantically now, fucking himself on Tony’s fingers and it’s just then that Tony pulls them out.
And then, he wrenched his hands down and threw his weight, turning them over so he was lying on top of Tony.
.” He leans down and catches Steve’s lower lip between his teeth, gives it a nip before Steve can start laughing at him again. He soothes the bite with his tongue with wide, messy licks. “I’m gonna tell the whole world the real you is an asshole.”
“Assemble!” he hears Thor yell from somewhere and Steve’s mind is already readjusting to fight mode, he’s already out the door with his suit halfway off and his uniform halfway on and when he gets outside the cold hits him like a sledgehammer—stinging and icy and
what you want or you won’t get it. You want to be good don’t you?” He reaches into his pajama bottoms and pulls out his own half-hard cock. “Call me daddy,” he says, nudging the head against Steve’s chin.
And all at once his anger abated to something else. Why did Steve have to be this way? Why did every single fucking thing Tony ever tried to do have to go to shit, have to cost him so much? Every act of altruism turned selfish. Every ounce of goodness turning into ashes in his clumsy hands, while Steve—while Steve looked down his nose at him, unimpressed.
He glances at Tony, who’s leaning against the boards. He’s making faces at a baby while its mother’s back is turned.
He mostly sees her as strong, that’s how he remembers her. The strongest person he’s ever seen. “And I wouldn’t ask for things because I knew we didn’t have the money. And that would make her sad ‘cause she wanted to treat me— and she didn’t want me to worry about things like that. She’d ask what I wanted for Christmas and I’d just say nothing, I’m fine, I don’t need a thing. And her face would just kind of… fall. It’s okay to want things, I know it is, and now I’m want for nothing, but… God, it’s so fucking
, grinding into him. He pulls himself out, sitting back to watch his come drool out of that sloppy hole.
He shoved his boxers down his thighs with one hand, letting his dick spring free, and Steve was already on him, so fucking eager. No more suckling; he swallowed Tony down whole, his nose buried in Tony’s skin, his tongue lavishing the underside of his cock, and his hands clenching against Tony’s inner thighs. That’d bruise, but rather than prying his hands off, Tony merely opened his legs wider, accommodating him.
“Just aces,” Steve says. He nudges Tony with his shoulder, turning to face him. “Did you know you’re sitting under mistletoe?”
He felt Steve’s wrist bones creak under the gauntlet but it didn’t matter. He’d heal. He could do whatever the fuck he wanted and Steve would heal. “You’re pathetic,” he ground out. “What’ve you done the whole time you’ve been here—in the future? You aided fucking HYDRA for two years—the fucking terrorist organization you have
He has the gifts wrapped (like hell he’s going to try doing that himself), goes back to the tower and places them under the communal room’s tree.
Tony gripped his arm tighter, and stepped even closer, until he could feel Steve’s breath. His eyes flicked to those downturned lips, pink and plush and pressed very, very thin.
The team surrounding him seems to fade into the background and all he can see is that photo and all he can hear is the beating of his own heart.
and—not to be outdone—Thor takes a bite out of it. Steve discovers Dr. Foster kind of snorts when she laughs.
. “You win,” he says, the words tumbling off his lips in a breathless rush. He shuts his eyes and grips the headboard tighter, rolls his hips and nudges Tony’s cock. “
,” Steve was hissing, gripping a repulsor burn on his thigh as Tony gritted his teeth against the jagged metal of the suit working its way into his own flesh.
He comes back a moment later. “You should at least watch The Grinch. I think you’d get a kick out of it.”
It takes them another year and a half to finally find Bucky. He’s living in a dingy but oddly cozy little apartment in Sokovia.
“It’s not Fury,” Natasha says resolutely—she sounds so sure that Steve can’t bring himself to doubt her. But if it’s not Fury, then
Steve’s jaw was clenched so hard it looked like it hurt. His nostrils were flared, his breathing heavy.
; Steve was a nation on his own, and so was Tony, two lonely men on their lonely islands, always at war except for just this once.
“Do you want me to stop?” Tony asked, hoping the answer was no. As awkward and uncomfortable this was, Steve was hot and tight, and the sensation of the real-life Steve on his dick was enough to silence the perpetually disappointed, imaginary-Steve in his head.
Or, at least, he hadn’t seen him in person. He wasn’t above spying on him, curious to see what measures he’d taken to preventing himself from—from having sex in his sleep.
“I don’t mean any offence,” Steve continues. “I was just—wondering. I’m thinking about seeing a therapist. You know, to help me adjust to,” he waves a vague hand, “all of this.”
“Darling, let’s not fight,” Tony interrupts, smiling like the jerk he is. “Seriously. Let’s go out, let’s sit in a cozy restaurant surrounded by happy people. Let’s get all rosy-cheeked and stuffed on food and wine.”
those) and near her, a little Hulk wearing a Santa hat and looking pretty perturbed about it. He steps closer, smiling bemusedly as he runs a thumb over ornament-Hulk’s frown and then cranes his neck, trying to see if there’s a little shield ornament, or even a little Captain America. It’d be embarrassing if there were but not necessarily in a
Steve doesn’t want to wait, he wants to be held. Tony’s hands are hot on his chilled skin. “We could do that,” he says against Tony’s throat. “Or, you know. We could have sex right now. Right here in the lobby, next to the stupid tree that doesn’t have a Cap ornament.” He presses his thighs between Tony’s legs and something hot and wicked sparks down his spine when Tony thrusts against it.
Tony’s glaring off to the side and Steve thinks of Ms. Potts who’s off in Malibu and Colonel Rhodes who’s overseas and Happy Hogan who’s busy running all of Tony’s security. He comes to the rather baffling conclusion that Tony Stark—billionaire, playboy, I-can-nod-at-someone-and-they’re-mine-
It’s competition for the one in Time’s Square, even, and it seems to have popped up overnight, placed there almost like an afterthought, like it was more out of necessity than anything else. But even still, it’s lovely, with a massive white star on top and red and gold (of course) lights covering the whole of it. Most of the decorations are traditional: baubles and glass snowflakes and tinsel… But he spots a little Black Widow ornament (he can’t believe they even
Steve squeezes his eyes shut, unable to keep looking at Bucky’s face contorted in pain. “Okay, yes. Please.
Tony nods at that, and heads off to his workshop because there’s always work that needs doing. At least, for Tony Stark there is—he’s got codes and wires and circuitry to tangle himself up in. He’s got a future to build.
“Maybe,” Steve said with a shrug, like that was the most normal line of reasoning in the world—and maybe for them, it was.
Hell, did he still get up with a hard-on, desperately wanting a dick to fuck or suck? Did he arch off the bed in his sleep, unable to move, chained to the the metal frame and whining for it,
“Sounds fair to me,” Steve says, rummaging into his doughnut bag and pulling out a chocolate glazed.
He circumnavigates the crowds, he smiles at the children getting their pictures taken with Santa Claus (and promptly leaves when their parents start shooting him suspicious looks). He nods along to the insufferable carols constantly playing, he treats himself to an unnecessarily large lunch because he can.
For the first few months, they come up with nothing. Even Thor comes up with nothing in his search for Loki, who has seemingly disappeared into the ether along with the Tesseract and the sceptre.
Tony shrugs, not looking up from whatever he’s working on on his tablet. “Yeah, well. It’s Cap’s first twenty-first century Christmas, I figured he should get in on all the modern traditions. If he wants to. You want to, don’tcha, Cap?”
Stark sighs, rubbing at what Steve presumes is the scar tissue around his reactor. He does that a lot. “Sure,” Stark says. “I’ll get JARVIS on it. We should also ask the spy twins to get involved. They know all about this kind of spooky secret stuff.”
Tony presses the tip of his cock against Steve’s lips, which are still soft and spit-wet from kissing. “Then get it nice and hard for me.”
Steve sat up and made an aborted gesture to reach out towards Tony. “Tony, I—it’s not that I don’t want it, I’m just not sure what
And that was that; Tony had tried and now both of them were worse off for it. He'd gone to stitch himself back together and instead caused himself to further fracture.
But he wishes he could glide along the ice as effortlessly as Tony, who looks so free and content. Tony doesn’t know any fancy tricks like some of the skaters—no twirls or flips—but he’s still comfortable in his skates.
, because no matter what Tony told him, no matter how he explained it, he would always have a retort, some kind of smartass response that would sum up how Wrong Tony was. “You’re not understanding.”
“There could be an infinite number of universes out there,” Bruce muses with a faint smile, “and I bet in every single one you’re covered in tentacle slime.”
“C’mon, baby,” Tony chides. “Tell daddy what you want. You want me to pound your mouth? Suck your dick? Fuck your tight little ass?” He counts off each option on his fingers, delighting in the way Steve bites his lip and closes his eyes. “You want me to eat you out?” He settles his hands on Steve’s pecs, lets his thumbs circle over his hardened nipples. “Want me to suck your tits, Stevie?”
Steve’s pretty sure Tony’s taken his general disinterest in things as a problem to be fixed, and apparently, if there’s one thing he’s phenomenal at, it’s fixing things.
!” he barked, and he hadn’t meant to yell but he could feel the rage building, cloying and thick like bile working its way up his throat. What the hell made Steve the grand fucking moral authority of everything? He’d rather Tony did nothing, like him, just wait for the damage to happen—wait for people to get hurt—before acting.
The armour wrapped itself around Tony like a second skin; he didn’t take his eyes of Steve the whole time. Steve gingerly pulled his pants back up and something inside Tony compelled him to ask: “Are you going to be okay?”
He didn’t hesitate. He pulled Steve’s hips into his lap and shoved a finger into him, locking the joints in place for minimal tearing.
Steve hollowed out his cheeks, sucking harder, before he groaned and came. Tony could tell by the way the rhythm of his hips stuttered, how he ground his hips in as deep as he could get them. His body was taunt and his throat convulsed around Tony’s cock, and Tony whined a desperate, “Oh, oh,
“So controlling,” Steve grunted, wrenching his mouth away. “Should’ve known.” He’d finally been able to school his features, his face stony, like he wasn’t just frantically making out with Tony but instead scolding a misbehaving child.
that slipped from his lips. The fucker was desperate, hot and wanting like a bitch in heat and it was because of
But he takes a deep breath and pulls out, ignoring Steve’s whines as he lifts his hips off the bed and fucks uselessly into nothing. Maybe Steve was close; recently, Tony was delighted to learn Steve was capable of coming just by sucking cock.
But even if that was what Steve thought of him, the familiar lines of tension in Steve’s shoulders weren’t there. He didn’t appear particularly angry, just… resigned and weary. Everything about him looked worn, from the several days worth of stubble on his face, to his overlong, dyed brown hair, to his wrinkled hoodie and sweats. And somehow, despite all that, Steve looked
“Goddamn it,” he muttered, increasing the volume on the TV and trying to drown his thoughts out. The fact was that Steve was still mortified. After his shock had subsided, his nose had wrinkled in disgust—at himself, but probably also at Tony. And
feel the need to have a future-related breakdown, he has the sense to at least do it in the privacy of his own suite.
He turns and it’s Stark, lying on a bed next to him, hooked up to various heart monitors. Stark grins and lightly knocks on his arc reactor. “Had a little issue with this thing. They’re just doing some monitoring. What’s the deal with you?”
Because fuck. That was what Tony had done, wasn't it? Although when people crawled into Tony’s bed, they’d never been unconscious before, this was unprecedented, he had no way of knowing.
Tony threw a punch, his gauntleted fist connecting against the side of Steve’s head, causing him to stagger sideways. Steve hardly seemed to register the pain as  Tony pressed his tongue against the still-hot bite marks and lapped against the welling blood.
For Bruce, he gets the largest, classiest-looking set of assorted chai he could find (from a shop that sells nothing
Steve’s pencil stills over his sketchbook. The alien is going to teach him about earthly customs. But he takes the offer; he wants to see if he can beat Tony at his own game, get
Tony throws a pair of ice skates at him the next day and if he wasn’t a super soldier, he’d be a little irked by
for weeks. Hell, had it been just him? Or did Steve just go to whoever’s door was unlocked? Did he sidle up to Barton some nights, Bruce on others? Had he been just as eager to get
Steve’s feeling guilty for showing up at such an up-scale establishment wearing dark jeans and a sweater in lieu of a suit, like most of its diners. But not
Steve didn’t say anything, just nipped at Tony’s skin through his boxers. And then his face fell off to the side as he began slowly humping the mattress and mouthing at Tony’s hip.
Tony began buckling his pants back up and got up from the cot. Steve seemed content to just lie there looking debauched and unhappy. “You want to know how I feel?”
tea). The scent of cloves and cinnamon linger with him the whole day. He eyes a koi pond and wonders if he could have something like that installed for Bruce too.
They eventually broke apart and just clung to each other. “Is this going to make you feel better or worse?” Steve murmured against his cheek.
He was naked under Tony now, writhing half in pain and half in want, bucking his hips up in an attempt to fuck himself against
Steve leaned in close, lapped at the blood on Tony’s mouth. “I think you said something about not trusting a man without a dark side?” he panted.
it. You’re taking it so good, Steve. Do you want me to come in your mouth? Would you swallow it all like a good boy?”
He gently pressed his lips to Steve’s and hoped the action would speak for itself. Unfortunately, Steve lips remained rigidly closed when Tony tried to deepen their kiss.
“Just for that, no hot chocolate for you. You can have one of my kale smoothies, and trust me when I say those things are disgusting.”
get sick, even if he tried. He could make naked snow angels on the roof of Stark Tower and he’d be perfectly fine. Cold and wet, but he wouldn’t sniffle, he wouldn’t catch a fever or cold, he’d breath deep and slow.
to eradicate.” Steve moved to head-butt him but Tony dodged, and tightened his grip on Steve’s wrist in reprimand. “And now your old fuck buddy’s running around Europe killing god knows how many people and that’s
He can't say he misses the apartment SHIELD had provided him, but he does miss his old haunts. He's trying to resettle things in his head in a way that's comforting, a way that allows the new to coexist with the familiar and the old. The buildings have been torn down and new ones have been put in their place but the shadier parts of the district still smell like piss and booze and smoke, but move a little further along and things smell like plastic and antiseptic and car exhaust. Everything’s still running on electricity and gasoline, and everyone still smells like oil and sweat and metallic perfumes.
He strides into Stark’s workshop with a bag of doughnuts and a coffee (he knows what Stark likes now—one cream, two sugars). “Mr. Stark, do you have a therapist?” he asks.
There’s a frighteningly long pause. Steve never thought of Stark as the type to ever be rendered speechless. Finally: “Well. Loki does seem keen on disguising himself as you. Maybe he has a soft spot.”
When they met again in public, Steve would likely put on his stern face, clench his jaw and not even blink at Tony’s innuendos; if Tony could still make innuendoes without getting his face punched in. He might flinch the first time Tony touched him again, glare at him and then straighten up like nothing had happened.
Tony doesn’t say anything for a long moment. His mouth pinches, his eyes narrow. And then: “But you like the tree.”
Steve took a few steps forward and Tony didn’t back away despite the flash of fear in his mind. Why the hell should he back away, or be scared?
“Tony – ?” he begins, but then Tony licks a stipe up the cleft of his ass and he hisses. He laps up the come leaking out of him and then prods at his hole with the tip of his tongue, shoving it in a little, opening him up again.
Tony found he couldn’t hold onto the remaining wisps of his chronically fractured self-control. He always lost himself, like in Siberia, when he could’ve left Steve as a red smear in the snow, and a part of him knew he would lose himself again as soon as he set eyes on Steve’s face.
Steve was panting, twisting his hips around, trying to—Tony wasn’t sure. Trying to force him deeper or maybe shove him out. “Use your words and tell me what you want,” Tony chided, smacking his repulsor-burned flank.
His rambling is choked off as Steve hums around him, the vibrations sending a jolt all the way up Tony’s spine. He pants, staring at Steve’s face, at his damp eyelashes, ruddy cheeks and pretty pink lips sealed tight around Tony’s heated cock. “You’re so wet and hot and
, god no, it’s just that you were sharing so I thought, gee, better pitch in with my bit so Steve doesn’t feel all alone, so… So stop laughing at me.”
Steve sucks on the head first, which Tony’s found is his favourite thing, just gentle suckling on the head, moving the tip of his tongue over the slit and lapping up precome as soon as it emerges. He feels heat pool in his groin and he thrusts forward a little as he hardens further. “Suck it. Suck it, Steve, c’mon, harder,” he grunts, forcing himself to remain still and not give into the urge to fuck into Steve’s mouth and be done with it.
“I’m not alone!” Tony counters, vehement. “I’m always just a phone call away from Rhodey, and I’ve got DUM-E and JARVIS, so… So that sounded a lot less pathetic in my head.”
Tony stands there glaring at him for a long moment before skating toward him and pushing him over—but Steve’s taking him down with him, so he grabs onto the lapels of Tony’s coat and maybe he should’ve thought this through a little more because the ice is cold and hard against his back and Tony’s a pointy, painful weight against his front.
Winter wasn’t just hard because of his sickliness, it was hard because money never came easy. No one can stay healthy without food in them, and there were days when he and Bucky shared a can of soup between them and nothing else, with Bucky always saying he's
Tony wipes at his face distractedly, and Steve’s still a little fixated—and confused—but Tony’s saying something: “They were red and green and everything. With sprinkles. Sure, I’m only supposed to be eating vegetables and dubious-looking smoothies, but everyone cheats in winter, right? So let’s cheat some more and eat stupidly decadent foods at stupidly decadent restaurants. What do you say?”
He wanted to retch at that thought, so to drive it away, he grabbed Steve’s face in both hands and kissed him again. Steve was more receptive this time, parting his lips and moving his mouth against Tony’s.
Tony doesn’t have enough shame left in him to be embarrassed, and instead just sits back on his haunches and waits. Steve’s lying on his back, arm across his eyes, and his mouth pinches closed as he stifles his giggling. He removes the arm and looks up at Tony. “Wait, you mean it?” he asks, still smiling. “That’s what you want?”
“He has more money than he knows what to do with,” Natasha says, wandering in and snatching the cereal box away from Tony. She looks comfortable too, in sweats and a tank, with her hair a mess, and Steve wonders if he’s the only one that’s still adjusting to all this. Maybe he is, in which case, he really needs to get himself together, if not for himself then at least for the others. His breath hitches and he so badly wants to shed off his perfectly ironed shirt and slacks and crawl back into sweatpants, take a bowl of sugary, wrong-tasting cereal and curl up on the couch, surrounded by these people, and do as they do.
Tony awoke to an increasingly familiar weight atop him and although he probably had two hours of sleep, max, he couldn’t say the wake up call was unwanted, at least not when Steve was nuzzling into the crease between his thigh and crotch.
Steve’s not a hundred percent sure what Myspace is but he’s heard Clint say something about to Tony once, so he parrots back the words: “Tony, no one has a Myspace anymore. You’re so old.”
“I’m taking you out for dinner. Just you because nobody else ever makes me cupcakes.” Tony still has icing on his mouth and Steve has the wild urge to—
They don’t find Loki or the Tesseract. They assume he’s gone off-planet and send Thor off into the cosmos to go find him.
The next day, the tower’s looking decidedly more festive. There are tasteful wreaths on most of the non-sliding doors and a large artificial tree in the common room. There’re even stockings—for JARVIS and the robots, and Steve’s at a loss as to what on earth Tony could possibly put in them.
Tony flipped them again, wondering somewhere in the back of his mind whether or not Steve really believed that. “All you did was clean up your own damn mess,” Tony snarled, leveling a repulsor at Steve’s under-armour and blasting the seams apart with probably a lot less precision than he would in any other circumstance, if Steve’s yelp of pain was anything to go by. He’d heal.
Tony’s looking at him like some kind of angel’s just come down and given him divine, profound knowledge that only he’s privy to. Steve’s never noticed his eyes are so brown they’re nearly black and they reflect the glint of the red-green-yellow stoplights absolutely perfectly. “I only started getting Christmas presents when I met Rhodey. I was in my—late teens? I don’t know. What do you get the kid who has everything? And it’s not like I had many real friends before Rhodes, so… What’s the point of gift giving if you’ve got no one to give to? Howard wasn’t big on it and my mom—well, she already had it all. Like I did. Do.”
Well, most things. He hadn’t been able to fix whatever had gone wrong with Pepper—but they seemed to have parted on good terms. They were still best friends just, “You know, without the crazy good sex,” as Tony had said. He’d been morose for
Resisting the urge to tell JARVIS to peek into Steve’s room again, he got up to pour himself another drink.
Tony yanks off their remaining clothes, leaving them in a heap at the foot of the bed. He’s got his knees on either side of Steve’s hips but he’s not touching him, and Steve’s humping into the air, moving his hips up and down, grinding his ass onto the bed. Tony bets his asshole
“You just can’t compliment anyone without complimenting yourself in the process, can you?” Steve says, focusing on tightening his hold on the armour and god
There’re a million things trembling on Steve’s lips but they all fall away to nothing, one by one and he’s left with nothing much to say. “What was your mom like?” he decides on.
,” Tony says when Steve starts swallowing around him, still making muffled little choking noises every now and then when Tony gives into the urge and thrusts. “Fuck, baby, you like that? You like gagging on daddy’s cock? You’re so sweet, such a pretty boy. If the world could see you now –”
Steve replied by squeezing his thighs tighter around the armour, hard enough that Tony could feel it start to buckle.
Steve lifted a thigh up to rest it against Tony’s crotch plate—pointless because he couldn’t feel anything. “What about you? Still limp in there? There’re pills—”
way. His face is all over clothes and crockery and furniture—the world won’t rest until there’s a Cap version of every purchasable object, and it’s funny in a way.
While he’s at it, he gets Coulson, Hill, and Fury little things too, because he has no reason not to. He’s not short on time or cash. He almost thinks it’s awful for this—this
Steve levelled him with that stare again. “I survived you so many times already, you think I can’t survive this?”
So it seems Steve’s lack of holiday spirit is a problem to be solved. But Steve’s a little more concerned with Tony’s own disinterest in Christmas—“How in the hell does he think he’s going to show me how the holiday season’s done nowadays when he himself doesn’t care about it? He’s too busy, why’s he going out of his way to… Well, you know.” He taps his pencil against his page. “Am I a charity case? This is the weirdest sort of pity I’ve ever encountered, that’s for damn certain.”
“I had my people put some things together,” Tony says from the kitchen table, like it’s nothing, and hell, for him it probably is. He’s talking through cereal and tapping away on his tablet and looking cozy and at home in a way Steve envies.
Steve spat his fingers out, a thin trail of drool slipping from the corner of his mouth. “I’ve done more good in two years than you’ve managed to do your whole life,” he said with no intonation. A statement of fact.
“…You alright?” he hears through the rushing in his ears. His heart’s beating a mile a minute and he has no idea why this is happening, why he's suddenly feeling this way,
“’I’ll figure it out later.’ Probably your life’s motto,” Steve said, maybe sounding a little annoyed but Tony couldn’t tell at this point. He just wanted to feel something good after feeling so bad for so long and all he could hope was that Steve wanted the same.
Stark deflates a little. “Look, just… keep your expectations low. Assume the worst. And for god’s sake stop looking so earnest, I’m getting cavities.”
“You do realize how loud you said that, right? That’s definitely gonna be going up on all these people’s Myspaces tomorrow.”
Steve sighs happily and Tony decides he doesn’t want this to end quite yet, so he crawls back further and lies down between Steve’s legs. He pries his ass cheeks apart and plants his face between them. He's going to spoil Steve rotten.
,” he added, “you don’t know a damned thing about these machines so maybe you should shut the fuck up and let me take care of it.”
“Because I hate you.” Steve’s past trying to figure out whether or not Tony’s being serious and decides joking is his default setting, and based on his smile, Steve’s pretty sure there’s a little Cap ornament
Some of the volunteers Steve’s met at the soup kitchen come over—like Sam. Ms. Potts comes and Colonel Rhodes is set to arrive tomorrow. Dr. Foster and her friend Darcy weave bows into Thor’s hair.
But looking around this place, he sees the diamonds glinting off everyone’s rings, watches, earrings. They eat with real silver and everything about them glitters under the candlelight. He’s just a dolled-up schmuck from the grimy part of town eating dinner with modern-day titans.
. His face feels hot and every part of his body is aching and oversensitive, and he knows Steve must be feeling it too, feeling worn out and well-fucked, feeling Tony's hot exhales against his ass, his hot, wet tongue fucking into his hole as his lips seal around it. But the thing is, Steve can take it
“You gotta be good,” Tony says, moving up so that he’s straddling Steve’s bare chest. “You gotta be good and tell me
His heart begins to hammer and he immediately feels light-headed. His grip on Loki’s throat slackens. “What?” he breathes.
It’s hefty. A lot of it is redacted and some of it is in Russian. There are blueprints for what looks to be some kind of electric chair and a robot arm, and photocopies of some messy notes describing some kind of
Steve’s feeling pretty good about things. He’ll see a proper ballet for the first time in his life and he’ll get a good deal of social interaction, both things guaranteed to make anyone rise up from whatever slump they’d gotten themselves into.
They’re at Rockefeller Centre and their faces are covered enough with scarves and toques—and in Tony’s case, also sunglasses—that only a few people recognize them here and there. It’s crowded and the air is frigid and Steve’s nose is probably as red as Tony’s but he’s enjoying himself, he is; there’s no lake underneath him, no wide, gaping ocean, so there’s no fear of hearing that awful cracking sound, no fear of anything other than falling down. And from that he’ll just get back up like always, no big deal.
“I mean, I don’t like it either,” he goes on. “But that’s expected of me. We need someone on this team to fill the
and it gets worse when Iron Man swoops him up but it also gets better because—“You’re still wearing your tie, Steve. Is that the one I got you? I have excellent taste.”
He was horrified, angry, hurt, and ashamed all at once and damn Tony for thinking it was actually kind of a good look for him. He could’ve kissed that hurt away. Or offered to reciprocate, suck Steve off and even up the score.
Steve flounders and beats down that feeling of panic churning in his gut, bubbling up his throat. “I
—are definitely not asleep, but they’re not here either, and the thought of going out to dinner alone with Tony is equal parts thrilling and terrifying. A warm dinner at a two-person table is so intimate and he wants to tell Tony that he really appreciates it and he’s glad they’re finally friends and that he’s sorry about Pepper, and sorry that he’s been so distant, it’s just winter isn’t a good time for him—but what comes out of his mouth is: “We’re mom and dad?”
Steve looked surprised. His eyes roved over Tony’s armoured form before settling on his face and it took all of Tony’s willpower not to flinch. He can still feel where Steve’s fist had landed that last time he’d had his faceplate up. “You flew all the way to the Philippines… to talk?”
Steve whined, and Tony wasn’t sure it was because of his words or the fact he’d started rutting against the bed again, grinding his hips down, no doubt rubbing his cock raw against his sweats.
Tony sluggishly turned his eyes away from him, feeling his gasping breaths against his cheek. He curled his fingers up, trying to find that spot so Steve would just
He wasn’t going to be getting any sleep any time soon. He leaned up and scratched at his beard, got up. He was restless; there was a twinge in his chest that wouldn’t subside, no matter how much he forced himself to focus on his work, or anything else for that matter.
Steve was whimpering, humping the bed at a quick, shallow pace as he tried to suck Tony’s soul straight out through his dick. Tony bucked up helplessly—couldn’t stop because it just felt so damn
His vision whited out, his ears rang. He could only feel a numb throbbing, and then hot blood leak from his nose and down between his lips. Steve was still moving, trying to sit up, and Tony instinctively curled the fingers that were still inside him before shoving them up as high as they would go. He’d make him scream.
and he really only wants to get outside. He stumbles out of their booth and heads into the chill; it’s still snowing and everything looks clean and beautiful—the world sparkles under the streetlights and Steve’s eyes burn. It all looks so familiar. He never used to go outside when it snowed if he could help it and now he’s here, standing on the slushy sidewalk, seventy years away from the version of himself that would’ve caught pneumonia in an instant.
,” Steve slurs, and his voice is hoarse. He’s overcome. “Want you to do whatever you want to me, you make me feel so…”
But, today, he’s curled up in a blanket with the hot chocolate Tony’d promised, and that sickly kid in him is marveling at the frost designs on the windows for once, not grimacing away from them. He’s
The next time Loki shows up to wreak havoc on Earth, Steve drops his shield, walks over to the alien supervillain, and throws his arms around him in a tight embrace.
But even the familiar things are just different enough to be distressing. There’s always something just a little
He leans down to kiss him again and Steve’s hands come up to thread through his hair. Tony manoeuvres so Steve’s erection – still covered by his sweats – is pressed against his thigh. Steve bucks up instinctively, making an
“Yeah, that’s so fucking good, look at the mess you made, Steve, all over the sheets. Fucking look at that.” He continues thrusting into him and moves his hand to Steve’s mouth to let Steve lick up his come, his tongue lapping at his palm and then licking up his fingers to suck at the tips.
He stares at the skates that had barely missed from hitting him on the head. They’re sleek and clean and expensive-looking. He thinks of the times winter hadn’t been awful to him, the times where he and Bucky and the other kids would take garbage bags and use them as sleds, sliding down snow-covered hills. He doesn’t think about how sick he got afterwards—he focuses on the snowball fights and the snow angels and his mother’s hot tea and warm words. He thinks about that one other time he’d tried going ice-skating, with skates he’d later found Bucky had borrowed from another kid. It’d be a shame if that initial clumsy attempt at keeping himself upright on the ice would be his only memory of ice-skating.
—he yelled, curling in on himself a little. They were both sitting up now, Steve in his lap, fucking himself on the fingers—his skin probably catching painfully on the joints, making him bleed—and Tony sitting in a daze, vision still going in and out. He could see Steve’s face, and the shadows moving over his open mouth and hooded eyes.
; Bruce says he’d love to. He knows they’ll all agree eventually and maybe they’re on their way to being friends; if they can stand living together, surely they could actually have
He hears Tony coming. He doesn’t say anything, just sits down on the edge of the sidewalk. Steve breathes deeply and slowly moves to sit too and they stay like that for a while, staring at the reflections of the red-green-yellow stoplights shimmering off the wet street.
He’d yelled at Steve when he'd found out and still couldn’t bring himself to feel overly remorseful about it. That fucking betrayed look on Steve’s face had gotten his hackles up; he was sitting there with his underwear around his thighs, spit still cooling on his dick and Steve had looked at him like waking up on top of him was the worst damned conceivable thing. He’d made a hurt little noise as he looked down at himself, when he saw how wet and sticky he was.
that doesn’t keep him squeezed up against Iron Man’s torso like he’s getting the life squeezed out of him. But focusing on the squeeze is better than focusing on how his ears feel like they’re about to freeze right off.
Steve waits. Tony runs a trembling hand through his hair. Eventually, he says, “But you let me read the files. And. I fucking get it. I don’t want to but I do. But I still fucking hate
So instead of trying to find a place that no longer exists, he’d figured a much healthier approach was to fully immerse himself into the group of volatile, mismatched, part-time superheroes and live in Howard’s son’s flashy new skyscraper. If he can handle an alien invasion, he can handle all the other outlandish things this century can throw at him, he’s sure, and that includes a building full of supers. Or close-to-supers. Supers who have their own Christmas ornaments modeled after them.
“You think you can take me? Like this?” he said, spreading his arms apart. “Can’t string together a reasonable response so you resort to biting and kicking?” He clucked his tongue. He would be the reasonable one here, the one who had it all together. Steve was the liability.
He feels a pressure at the front of his head and his eyes are beginning to sting and Stark starts looking a little worried. As worried as Steve’s ever seen him.
But Tony’s not going to let him have slow and relaxed. He breaks a way with a gasp and Steve makes a sound low in his throat. “Whining already?” he says against the corner of Steve’s mouth. “I can guarantee I’ll make you so desperate, you’ll be
“Hey, Cap,” he said, blearily, blindly reaching out towards him. He found Steve’s head and worked his fingers through his short hair. “Welcome back,” he continued through a yawn. “I was thinking of getting you permanently relocated here. Or maybe I'll just tie you to my bed, whatever you want.”
Steve fell back onto the cot and Tony crawled over him, warring emotions of panic, anger, and grief vying for control in his mind. Now
“I’m pretty sure Cap was gonna say it’s about the spirit of giving and togetherness and baby Jesus or some shit. That one beautiful season everyone tries to make up for how shitty they were the rest of the year. It’s magical.”
“No, don’t stop,” Steve said after a few seconds, like he was deciding. Another moment passed before Steve said, “You can go deeper.”
Steve waits for him to continue, because he knows he will, regardless of how Steve responds (or doesn’t respond).
“That’s it,” Tony breathed, continuing to hold his head in place. “That’s perfect, Cap, just like that. Go for it. Take whatever you want.”
“If you’re looking for a Cap ornament, there isn’t one.” Stark—Tony—is standing a few feet away and Steve’s a little miffed that he didn’t hear him coming. He’s dressed in a suit—probably just came back from a meeting—and he’s got his hands in his pockets, looking as casual and relaxed as he usually does.
Steve’s still feeling a little dubious but he nods and goes back to inspecting the menu, looking at things he definitely knows. There’s steak. No matter the era, seems people aren’t going to tire of eating big slabs of meat. He’s not sure what some of the mentioned seasonings are but he could just look them up on his phone or ask Tony… But the thing that gets to him most is the price.
