The way Tony grabbed hold of his arm and towed him over the couch almost made up for it. He didn't even mind when the genius plopped himself down into Rhodes' lap, because he was still lit up from the inside just from the simple touch of the man's hand. It was ridiculous of him, but at least he knew that. Self-awareness was fast becoming one of his better skills.
"'Course he is. Why'd ya think I wanted ta get back ta him so bad?" Loki only rolled his eyes, but that was fine - his brain was busy whirring with questions. He'd always thought of the 'bots as people, and Fri too. Maybe she didn't have a body and maybe they didn't look much like regular people, but they'd never felt like simple machines. He guessed them having
Clint sometimes wandered off for a few days at a time too, and he hated it. When Nat vanished for more than a few hours without telling him anxiety crawled over his skin and settled in his stomach. Bruce was usually around, thank Christ, or he would really panic - the mild mannered scientist was incredibly good at disappearing. He knew it was stupid of him, but he couldn't help it. He didn't like losing any of them to anything, even when it was temporary.
It was a different war in a different world, but they were still facing it together. That counted for a hell of a lot. Steve chose to take it as a sign that they would prevail in this conflict too. He just hoped the price wouldn't be as high.
“That Dr. Doom is just so…” she shivered theatrically, using the opportunity to press her chest against his arm. He suppressed the urge to shove her away and forced himself to chuckle instead. “He’s so creepy. If it wasn’t for you and that brilliant plan…”
Ooh, that icy tone of voice meant absolutely nothing good for him. For her to sound that calm while being so pissed off was a danger sign from days of old, long before flames licking over the backs of her hands signaled an imminent meltdown. The way she'd schooled her expression was a lie too, because he knew from experience that this was the calm before the storm. It was going to be the storm of the century this time if he didn't get things back under control.
"Not making a promise like that." Winter cussed at him, though Steve still wasn't exactly sure what that particular Russian word
Viz was still at the compound and there were a couple extra crazies that he couldn't claim as his, but that didn't matter too much. Almost all of his most important people were surrounding him, and it was just so... so nice. Safe. It was everything he'd never had with the team that he'd wanted to make a family, everything he'd been afraid to ask for. Now he didn't even have to ask and it was all there, without question or hesitation.
in the face, so color him impressed at Shellhead's emotional maturity. He figured it was because Steve had never hidden what Winter had done; Shellhead hadn't lived most of his adulthood believing a
. As soon as Clinton caught sight of him, the ass leaped onto a table and saluted him with a mug full of what he suspected was Asgardian mead.
Either way, there were chuckles building up that he was determined not to let out. Fri had insisted this was important, that the
"Grabbing at people without permission is not acceptable. The music was bad and I do not like dancing, so I gave myself a mission."
Her eyes looked a little wet, he noted with growing alarm. He had known his friends would be upset, but he'd never... It had been easy to forget, with Tony in his arms and his family steadily growing, that they would be worried about him. They'd had no way of knowing if he was alright and he had let himself ignore the small voice that insisted he get in touch. Doing that had let him keep living in domestic bliss, but it had also allowed the issue to fester under the surface. He could have eased Tony into this
Maybe it wasn't really that funny - maybe both Tony and Harley were right to be looking at him with the same expression of mild annoyance. But Christ did it feel good to laugh again. This was a release of tension, and for the first time in a long time it didn't feel like something was missing. His fella was right there, judging him, and he could actually enjoy the ridiculous moment he'd found himself in completely.
Bruce might swear by leaf-flavored water, but Tony would commit murder if he didn't get regular infusions of coffee. Despite that, he allowed Bruce to make him one cup of tea every morning just to try. He had to be wearing a bitch face as he looked down into his cup to see the current attempt at conversion, because his science bro was chuckling into his own mug. A happy Brucie warmed the cockles of his long-dead heart, so after a moment he bit the bullet and grabbed the offering.
"So I know we don't hug, but I totally want to give you the biggest bear hug ever. Consider this an air hug, okay? Because nobody--" Tony bit off the rest of his sentence, shoulder going just a little tight as he looked away. "Most people
Harley was right beside him too, a moral support who would fling himself into any altercation that started. The kid had a heart of gold, the courage of a lion, and all the impulse control of a cranky toddler. Tony loved him dearly.
“J? Why was he in my vents?” The finger that smooshed against his lips made the last word come out all funny. He snickered only to have Clint herd him toward the couch and push him down onto it. It was… weird and kind of… great? Yeah. Weird and great to have someone worried about him. He should go ahead and tell the archer that he was mostly just still trying to switch gears, not enveloped in a ‘been awake and sciencing for way too long’ fog.
"You should have called," Harley muttered, drawing his attention again. The teen was glaring up at Tony but it was more adorable and heartbreaking than anything. Tear tracks had left their mark on his cheeks, his eyes were bloodshot, and he was pretty continually sniffing so he didn't snot the genius up. "Soon as you could have, you should have called."
"He means it. Now get gone before Rhodey comes back, 'cause he's gonna wanna beat the sin right outta ya." Steve didn't sound all that opposed, but whatever. He was absolutely fine with his
You are not one of mine, not of the Order that has hidden and protected my power from those who would misuse it, Steven. Still - I choose you now, and can act through you. With Space to aid us, you and I will help defeat Thanos.
Tony stopped resisting pretty quick and began to deliver what had to be a really good scratch because she pressed hard against his leg and made a low sound of pure delight. The genius' lips were curved up in a tiny, barely there smile that lit him up inside and made him warmer than the sun ever could.
"... you've really got me worrying, J. Tony hasn't... he hasn't jumped on Nat's matchmaking bandwagon, has he?" Because as awful as it was to have Nat constantly pretending to have someone in the wings he should date, he thought he might die if Tony actually tried to fix him up. "I don't--"
Tony still guarded his flank the whole way there, because he wasn't about to leave a teammate twisting in the wind.
Thanks for sticking with it! Comments are appreciated and loved even when I don't have the social energy to reply to them. <3
"Hey there buddy," he murmured as U began to carefully touch his cheeks. "I'm back, promise. Your da had a hard time believin' it too. I missed ya. Missed all of ya," he added as Dum-E finally neared the bed. He even glanced up at the place where one of FRIDAY's cameras was actually located and fuck he loved this man. "But now I'm home'n I won't ever be away so long again. Do ya think they could come with us when... if we visit my world?"
It was like a scene from his best fantasies. He whimpered and arched up against the other man, who promptly shushed him and curled one hand around his hips. Those elegant fingers squeezed down, first reassuringly and then hard enough to leave the best kind of bruises. A moment later Steve gave him a push; he fell onto the bench, legs splayed and hands behind him to support him. The way the other man was licking his lips was extremely promising, and he couldn't help but shiver at the look in his
"I am. I swear on ma and da's graves, sweetheart. So please open your eyes'n let me kiss ya good morning. Haven't done that in way too long."
"I promise I'll keep in touch, Lokes. I didn't mean ta... I was just so damn happy ta be back. I got lost in that for a bit'n I didn't wanna... Tony worries that I'll leave again."
Maybe he should have done this in Tony's world and tower, but Pegs had said the thought of it made Winter uncomfortable. It had made Tony uncomfortable too, which put all the kids on edge. It had felt like a recipe for catastrophe, so he'd chosen to come to the mansion instead. Shellhead and Loki were off on some kind of romantic getaway, one that was probably mostly an excuse for Shellhead not to have to interact with Winter. All in all this first trip back to his own world had been full of tension and empty of friends.
"I'm not going to waste my time arguing with some clone created by magic, one that's taking advantage of him like this. Tony--" When Rogers tried to step forward, probably looking to pin him down behind the bar where he couldn't escape, Steve reached up and put a hand on his chest. Maybe he'd seen the way Tony had flinched or maybe he just knew that the thought of being any closer to Rogers made panic rise in his chest and set his newly strengthened heart to racing. "You don't wanna do this son. Let me through before I get to figuring out just how much punishment one of Loki's clones can take."
And if he was right, if Steve really loved him, then it was time to go balls to the wall. Subtlety had never been his strongest suit and he would fuck it up if he tried for it now. He was going to wait a little while, maybe test the waters just a little, and then he was going to go for it. Well, after he was mostly healed anyway. He was hoping there would be a lot of kissing and maybe a little manhandling once he and Steve got on the same page. Neither of those things were as fun as they should be when fractured ribs were part of the picture. Besides, he needed a couple more days of workshop time to finish Steve’s surprise. He could use the Great Gifting as a time to get his feelings out into the open.
"They'll be back soon," he murmured against the shorter man's temple. "And we'll... we'll figure something out, because this
, ya mook, is that Bucky's in a bad way. What they're tryin' isn't workin' but Rogers can't see that. He thinks he got his Bucky back, and if he thinks I'm tryin' ta take that away by--"
"He wanted us to have a mobile base of operations," Rogers said, a tic moving in his jaw. Tony thought maybe the King had wanted the rogues out of his country fast and giving them a... 'mobile base' was the easiest way to do it. "And that's not the issue here. I'm sorry Tony - I thought you would get that phone and my note. I didn't know it would be kept from you."
Steve was quick to yank off the bit of black fabric he'd talked them both into donning. He didn't say anything though, just stared at the suit that was lit up and shining on the display stand in front of them. Pepper took the time to undo the knot behind her head, because of course she did. He did his part by not mentioning the way her fingers trembled as she folded the fabric neatly and didn't press her to look before she was ready. Despite all the evidence to the contrary, he
. This is important to you." He laid his hands over Steve's, stroking the back of his slender fingers. "You're allowed to ask me to do it, and you're allowed to get pissed if I duck out. My therapist says--"
"You've been letting me out of this for years. You've been so fucking understanding that I sometimes want to shake you. Steve. Babe.
"They have souls, your creations. I have seen nothing like it before, not even on Nidavellir or Alfheim. Perhaps if their peoples worked together they could come close, but I doubt it. Your little robots are unique in all the Realms, I think, in this Universe or mine."
Warmth spread through his whole body, heart skipping a beat before settling into a steadier, more solid rhythm. Other people had told him the same thing, but Tony was the first one that he
"With a bonus helping of sass, yeah. I know." Harley glared at him, but he also came to a stop. Progress. "What's going on here bud?"
He'd lost Bucky twice, one time more permanent than the other. He tried not to think about that though or else he ended up crying into his pillow until he was raw and exhausted.
The light reached its peak intensity far quicker than it had before. They had probably been refining the spells and devices since sending Steve off on his grand adventure. God they were probably furious with him. There was no way they'd be coming to drag him back, but he was probably in for a hell of a guilt trip. He should have at least used the communicator they'd given him... but no use crying about it now. He'd made his choices and now it was time to pay the piper.
"Carol is pretty tough!" Kamala interrupted as she bounded over. Because she lived to annoy Harley, she immediately jumped on him and wrapped her arms around him. "She'll set the rest of the Avengers straight in no time!" The other teen present was trying to peel the limpet off of him, but Kamala was stubborn as a barnacle. "Remember what she did to the Punisher?"
"Mjolnir," he managed to croak, eyes drifting briefly to Tony's hand before jerking back up. If he drew too much attention to the touching that was going on he was afraid it would stop. "I know ya know it's Mjolnir."
"If he was in critical condition it wasn't because of anything me or Bucky did." Steve snorted loud enough at the denial to bring the attention back to him, and God did Tony love the look on his face. He looked furious and beautiful, almost like an avenging angel, and it warmed him to know that all that protective rage was because of him. "But I'm not here to fight with you, Tony. I'm here to save you."
"I did, didn't I?" The other man's answer was a deep, lingering kiss. "Mmm... very good. I vote workshop sex
Sure enough, the chick with the spear had shaken off Captain Marvel and was making a beeline towards Maverick. It was definitely personal, and they needed to take advantage of it
Steve's team, and he'd miss the ones that he'd met. "We'll be back soon," Shellhead promised. "If you need us before then, just let us know."
She looked up at him with gorgeous, trusting brown eyes and let her tail thud against the ground a few times. His girl was probably as calm and relaxed as she was going to get which meant he should try to get her out of there. Easing his phone out of his pocket without disturbing her was hard; ignoring the coos of the small crowd of spectators he'd gotten was even harder. He was probably going to be in the news again, which was annoying and made him just a little bit angry every time it happened.
even if they weren't married. "So we could take the time to make it perfect ourselves. Well. Maybe we'd ask Ben and Pep to come for a visit so he could give us some pointers, see if there's anything we need the professionals for. But otherwise I bet we could get it all done with our own hands."
"Too much? I can change the colors. Ignore the colors because I can totally do a do-over. Focus on the design, okay? I've seen the way you fling your shield around now, so I made the left glove a lot thinner and more pliable than the right. That one's actually got some plating so that if the shield is off zoom-zooming, you can bring that up to protect your face and neck."
Soon they were both laughing, leaning against each other hard to keep themselves upright. It was, if someone was feeling poetic, a really nice metaphor for what he hoped their relationship would be like.
"Love you too. And Tony? We are definitely scrapping that five year marriage plan. Pepper can learn to live with six month's notice."
For all that I had to get there from a private elevator shared with only my photographer and a glowering member of the security team, the apartment I eventually entered was surprisingly normal. I say apartment, but of course the mysterious Maverick lives just shy of the very top of Stark Tower and occupies an entire floor. The living room was large and spacious, with a partially open plan that lets it look into the kitchen. I never got to that other room to see the full thing, but I could see that their refrigerator was covered with papers. One image in particular stood out, a picture of Iron Man in a bright pink tutu that was obviously drawn by a child, while another paper had an 'A+' clearly visible on one corner.
"Nothing? None of that was serious and nobody's lasted more than one or two dates. I'm too young ta settle down and be all disgusting like you and da."
"That's just like my Tiny Adorable Steve. Tells us we need to talk to each other, then tries to interupt."
"I want to. You shouldn't have to keep leaving parts of your life behind. It isn't fucking fair, and I'm not... I don't want to make you choose. Because even if you choose me--"
"He's coming with us. I'm not taking him from you." Winter broke off into clipped Russian, and Steve snorted.
Nat didn't react, but then Nat... Natasha had seen them together before. It made her participation in this farce all the more insulting.
Tony had grown up knowing with absolute certainty that Captain America was going to hate him. He guessed it was a good thing that
That didn’t mean he didn’t notice Clint give Butterfingers a few final pats before clearing out of the workshop. Tony wasn’t sure why the archer had come to him instead of heading to Nat for protection but it had worked. He couldn’t argue with results.
get to steal my boyfriend for your little imaginary war. Steve's with me and we're totally going to kick your asses."
"We're going to the range," Winter said in a smooth transition back to English. "Antosha sent some of my weapons here for me." Steve couldn't believe Tony had agreed, couldn't believe Winter had even
"He's not good with goodbyes," Shellhead told him quietly. "And he likes Winghead a lot. I think he's always had a hard time making friends, and the two of them clicked pretty well once he came to live in the mansion. And I know you don't... look. He's not perfect, but he's
The tirade ended as quickly as it started, leaving him scrambling. There was a lot there to parse through, and he didn't have most of the information he needed to do it right. She was a runaway though, just like Stephen had said, and she didn't want to go back. Doreen had run away to protect her squirrel friend, who she was whispering to in a hushed voice while Tappy answered just as softly. It was a conversation, even if he could only understand half of it.
The door didn't slam open, exactly, but it was certainly pushed inward with a good amount of force. If it hadn't been for Fri's warning he would have gone into protective mode immediately, but mostly he was just curious. A little worried, sure... but curious. That only intensified when he realized that the 'man' standing in the door was actually a teenage boy, hair a wild mess of shaggy strands once he pulled off a baseball cap and hurled it dramatically to the ground.
"Yeah. Okay. Don't be gone too long, jerk. I'll think you ran off with some dame again." The two smiled at each other, but the expression didn't last long once the door had shut again, leaving them alone. "It wasn't enough," Rogers started after a moment, voice tight and hands clenched once more. He struggled a moment, then turned bright, accusing eyes Steve's way. "You couldn't be happy with ruining my relationship with Tony, could you?"
take care of himself. No matter what he thought of himself, Steve knew his lover would have been able to stand up to Rogers and the others even if he'd been on his own. Maybe it would have been harder and scarier, but his fella never backed down from a fight that needed to be fought. "I'm not though. 'Cause even if ya didn't need me ta do it, I still..."
It was a nice, normal rhythm... but he knew it couldn't last forever. Tony was getting better, and soon some doctor named Helen Cho was going to use something called the Cradle. He wasn't real clear on the details, just knew it was supposed to help an awful lot. His fella wouldn't be bed-bound and could start going to the lab again. Once he'd given Rhodey a new pair of legs, he was sure that the genius' attention would turn back to the 'New Avengers' Rhodey was putting together. Soon Iron Man would rise again, and Steve would be right there with him.
Exactly. New Asgard is here on Earth, and many of the resources formerly at their disposal are completely outside of their reach. Asgardians may be different than humans, stronger and more resilient, but those who remain are largely civilians and refugees at that. We cannot ask them to fight all of our battles. Unless the Committee is suggesting conscription?
"I'd start thinking of a convincing lie then, Spangles, or we're going to be down here a looooong--"
"Ya ain't shootin' nobody," he interrupted while Rogers took a deep breath, looking ready to start bellowing the way he always seemed to. "This is why nobody wants ta take ya nowhere but The Vortex, ya savage. Sorry 'bout him. Manners are--"
"You didn't ruin anything." A firm but tender kiss sealed the insistent words, but he still wasn't sure he believed them. "And no you don't to hear it. It was awful and I would have been so nervous that I would have sidetracked myself with tangents on tangents I'd already taken. This is... fuck, Steve." When Tony pressed his face against Steve's neck it was instinct to cradle him closer, sliding the hand in Tony's hair down to the nape of his neck while his other arm wrapped tightly around the genius' waist. "I'm sorry for making you wait so damn long. I didn't... I didn't think you could ever feel... not for me. You're so--"
A small part of his mind registered the way Tony's arm had gone slack around him while Loki slid both his arms around Shellhead's waist and squeezed tight. Most of him, however, was numb with hope and disbelief, because if they'd found him, if they'd
Hey guys! :D This is later than I wanted it to be - so sorry! Also have decided to do two chapters of this 'time skip' kind of thing. I ended up having a lot more stuff I wanted to include, but this was getting long. XD
"Sure did, and she's at least seven, maybe eight. We're gonna have ta get her ta a doctor, and see if she's been goin' ta school and such. Gotta decide on if we wanna send her ta school or do it at home until she settles."
"I want that too," Tony breathed before pulling back just enough to look up into his eyes again. "Jesus fuck I want that too. But even after... shit. Why the hell do you want it with me? I've been so fucking blind and then I've been so damn weird lately because all I wanted to do was tell you that I... felt the same way--"
“Stick close?” His head whipped up so he could stare at Steve. At the same time he tangled his fingers in Steve’s jacket, because that almost sounded like… like… “It’s for the good of the people Tony. Maybe even the world.” He gave Tony a light squeeze and maybe he was going for playful but the look in his eyes was terrifyingly earnest. “Besides that, it won’t look good for Captain America to go beating up civilians.”
That has never been our position, Ms. Potts, as you well know. I resent that comment and am extremely disappointed by your lack of cooperation. There was no need for this to become hostile.
for the world, something beyond violence and death. Even now, even after the suit had very nearly become a tomb, part of him wanted nothing more than to pull it on again and take to the skies.
"He's fifteen and I think maybe he's got a pretty good idea. He ain't stupid, that kid. And right now he's got the weight of the world on top-a his shoulders and he don't have anyone ta help him carry it. If ya wanna keep your head stuffed up your ass about this, that's fine. But I'm not gonna shut him out. He needs somebody Tony. He wants ya ta be his mentor, but if you're too scared ta--"
Everyone turned sharply, bodies tense as they reacted lethally to the unknown voice that echoed in the lab. And there was a blonde woman. Wearing a what looked like a body suit that came from a sci-fi movie, the red and blue reminding her of a certain Captain. She was posed to attack, her hands glowing in a way that Tony knew would blow some shit up.
“Do you trust me?” It was a question packed with so much emotion and feelings and hurt. Because Tony needs to know. Needs to know if Steve will have his back when the time comes, if Steve will listen to him when he fires a call. He tried not to think of how all of this happened in the first place because Steve lied. Steve didn’t trust him and kept things from him and so everything went down. So Tony has to know.
“Then why didn’t you acknowledge me.” Tony remained quiet still not looking at his best friend. Rhodey let the silence take the room for a couple of seconds before he walked towards the unclean engineer and stepping in front of him, the hologram passing through some part of his body.
He sat down heavily on the sofa and leant back, hands draping over his eyes as he closed his eyes. He was tired. So tired and he wanted to sleep.
He could also remember blue eyes and blond hair, looking at him with sadness as deep as the ocean. He ignored him.
Rhodey was worried. Well, more worried than usual and he took to making sure that Tony was taking care of himself by visiting his lab every day. Their other ‘visitors’ however, was getting restless.
Involuntarily he jolted back, arc reactor already thrumming as the nanobots spread over his chest and his stomach and his arms and soon he was covered with the Iron Man armor, a meter or maybe it was three, away from Steve.
Then she came. And more or less knocked some sense onto them. He was glad it didn’t happen literally.
Before the woman or the Avengers decided to start a war with an unknown person (she looked like a person anyway), Tony stepped up and finally talked in front of the others for the first time.
But Carol, no, Captain Marvel was staring at them resolutely, unmoving and steady. “Aren’t you all heroes?”
The said engineer didn’t even bother to look at Rhodey as he dabbled with the holograms in front of him. He was muttering things, too fast and too soft for the soldier to catch.
The raccoon and the android that was from outer space looks like they were done brooding from the lost. Good for them. But what was not good for them was them bombarding Tony with questions on when he will act. Even Thor was looking more lively by the days and was joining the hinting and the questioning (god Thor looked destroyed, wrecked and broken when Tony saw him. He looked like he lost everything (he did.)).
“I’m afraid I can’t help you with that. The ability to see the multiverse comes with the Time Stone and seeing as its-taken, we cannot take a glimpse on what universe he’s talking about.”
And Steve. Steve looked like he was going cry. He looked shocked, wide-eyed and surprised. His hand was shaking slightly as it clenched at the sweatpants that he was wearing.
“Yes. Nicholas Fury was the director of SHIELD and we are the Avengers, an Initiative created by the Director in order to defend the Earth from… external forces.”
“Tony calm down. Breathe.” Warm hands encased his and he could feel the hand guiding it into the others chest. He looked up and saw ocean and sky and sun, weathered by pain but it was captivating and soon he was following the breathing of the sun and the sky.
Tony never attempted to sleep outright after that. Whenever he feels his eyes was drooping, he chugs coffee.
“Together. We fight together.” He said and looked at Steve, at the Avengers. It was not forgiveness. God he’s not sure if he can ever forgive them. But they have a planet to save, a villain to vanquish and half of the population to revive. They were broken and hurt and barely holding on to the seams but Captain Marvel was right.
“Are you an acquaintance of Nick Fury?” The woman looked up at them, still sizing them up before relaxing in a way that for some reason shouted military. Her posture was relaxed but solid, she was confident in a way that she knew she was strong and could defeat all of them in a minute, tops. And with the glowy hands, Tony doesn’t want to risk it.
But as Tony opened his mouth to make FRIDAY summon Steve, he can’t help but think of shield being brought down on arc reactor, of coldness in a bunker, of being left alone as the man he loved chose someone else.
“I’m sorry I cannot help further.” Tony only nodded and gave Wong a smile that he hoped was not as fray as he felt.
“Avengers?” The woman paused before laughing and shaking her head, and now looked less likely to blow them all up. “Nick that idiot.” She murmured fondly.
But as Tony watched the soldier leave, he can feel guilt churning at his stomach as the sense of loss lingered even when the sun left.
“Not yet Captain. First we have to get ready. Then we fight.” Tony paused and he doesn’t want to do this He wanted to sulk and wallow in self pity and forget and dream up all of those dreams. But they were heroes.
But he didn’t. Because telling him is cementing the fact that those images are not real. That those dreams are from an alternate reality or whatever and he can’t have that. At least like this, he can pretend that those were memories. That it was him who smiles and laughs and loves in those dreams.
But they can’t go like this. They can’t fight likes this and they know it. So Tony opens his mouth and asks;
The engineer closed his eyes in pain and exasperation. He doesn’t really want to go down and talk to them but he knew that not going after he was asked would make him reach a whole new level of pettiness. So down he go.
After explanations was made, Captain Marvel, or Carol as she told them, stood up from her seat walking towards the door before pausing and looking back at them irritably.
He didn’t really plan on doing anything. He was too tired, too worn out. He ached and it hurt and god. He just wanted to stop existing. But last night, he dreamt. He dreamt of brown eyes looking at him with desperation, tears in those eyes as they begged to not go to not please Mr. Stark-
“Uh wait. Before you go, let me remind you to be careful. With- with what happened, certain boundaries in the world right now has been out of sync. Even the astral plane. I and those who are left has been working on it and we would appreciate it greatly if you inform us when you experience anything… abnormal.”
“Leave.” Iron Man’s voice was mechanical, it was cold and unfeeling. Completely opposite of what Tony was feeling right now.
“Are you?” She asked back, face blank as she regarded all of them carefully. On the corner of his eyes, he can see Thor’s hands twitching. That normally meant that he was calling for his weapon.
After that he ate, he was malnourished and dehydrated, his wounds was tended to. Or what was not yet healed. And he slept. Slept for two days straight. Rhodey thought he died. Tony wished he did.
The moment he entered his lab in the facility, he could already feel exhaustion biting at his bones.
Tony opened his eyes with a scream on the back of his throat and tears on his eyes. He was sobbing outright and god. It hurt. It hurt so much.
“Wong.” He greeted the man, nodding his head slightly. The Mystic Arts practitioner nodded back at him, eyes crinkled with stress and barely hid pain.
He hoped, always always hoped for happiness. Always dreamt of waking up with contentment at the tip of his tongue and love at his fingertips. He always dreamt of having kisses and protection, of ‘iloveyoutony’ and warmth. That was of course, until he woke up. Reality chasing away the dreams and cold nipping at his body, reminding him of what he will never have.
(Before they go, before they don their suits, Tony finds Steve and Steve finds Tony. They stare at each other, eyes cataloguing the pain and sadness that the other hasn’t manage to hide. And there was so many. So many pain and love and hurt and god Tony just wanted- he wanted. God how he wanted. But now’s not the time.
He voiced this thought out loud one day to Rhodey, the pain in his friend’s eyes was unmistakable. Tony shrugged it out and faced his machines, pretending that he didn’t see anything from Rhodey.
“Saving the world.” She said rolling her eyes as if it wasn’t obvious. As if it was something that they don’t have to think about. As if they were idiots for not immediately coming to the conclusion that they should stand up and fight.
When he arrived at the lab, he resolutely ignored everyone. He made sure to not meet everyone’s eyes and ignore everyone’s greetings. He walked towards the glass encased beeper and frowned.
“Wong, did Strange left you anything? When we were in Ti-“ Tony paused. His heart hammering, his breath coming up short and he could remember ash and dust and choking and pain and- nothing. Tony cleared his head. No he felt nothing, he convinced himself. Tony cleared his throat, chucking the thoughts away and continued as if he was not blinking back tears.
“Yes.” His eyes found Steve, as Captain America stoof up, back straight and face screaminf 'i can do this all day.’ “We’ll do this together. Whatever it takes.”
“What the fuck was that.” Tony said as he was awoken by his phone ringing. That, was definitely not a memory. (Nor the first dream was, because there was gold band in their fingers and mention of husbands that made Tony soft in the inside.)
Tony found comfort in her stance. She was just so sure and unflappable, she looked strong and as if no one could defeat her. And god, they could use a little strength and a little sureness because if they weren’t a little shaken.
(And even if there was death and pain ans tears in those dreams, at least Steve chose him. At least Steve loved him.)
Tony opened his eyes, something warm still on his chest. A week has passed and he has done nothing. He knew in the back of his mind that he should call Wong, should tell him that something must be wrong. Because all of these images are not his (and how he hated it. Because he wanted that happiness and those smiles. He can’t help but envy those Tony in his dreams, because why do they get to be happy when-)
It has been two week since he returned, a month since Thanos destroyed half the universe. And they still haven’t done anything. That was understandable, loss and death were horrible things. It encased the world right now. Leaving it lifeless and weak.
The faint clang of glass being placed in the coffee table snapped him out of his head. Automatically, a smile lit up on his face. It was fake. Fake and ugly. But it was all he can conjure. The ingrained habits of putting up a façade the only thing that keeps him functioning. (Because Tony was breaking and he can barely hold on.)
“The rest of the Avengers would like to see. It seems like the communicator that they though was from Director Fury, currently stopped giving off signals. They would like to consult you before taking actions.”
Before he knew it he finds himself standing up, knees a little shaky and mind a whole lot of mess. Because they were heroes. How did he forget that?
He blamed his Dad for it, he blamed Obadiah Stane, he blamed the Afghans, he blamed Loki, Wanda and Ultron and Thanos and Steve. Oh god, oh how he blamed Steve. (Because he trusted Steve, he hoped and he loved and he dreamt. But well, it’s not betrayal unless it comes from those you love the most.) But what he blames the most is himself. And fuck. He hates himself. Hates himself so somuch. More than Dad, more than Stane, more than the Afghans and Loki and Wanda, Ultron and Thanos. More than Steve (but he also loves him. Loves so much so much. But it hurts also. So much.)
The billionaire took one look at the facility and he could already feel the barrage of memories. He could remember “I miss you’s” and farms and settling down, of Accords and fights and itsallmyfaultallmyfaultall-
“When we were in Titan. Strange said that there was only one multiverse where we won. I wanted to know if you can do… something to help me know.” Wong frowned and gave a sigh. Something that sounded like
Tony Stark was born with sorrow in his veins and pain in his bones. Happiness nothing but a blimp in his life. It was there, then it was gone. Ripped away cruelly by the fates and the gods and whatever it is that controls the universe. (He tried not to think of dust and ash. Of choking and heaving and crying and sobbing. And oh god why him? Why his son-why his Pet-)
And with each question, it became more obvious that he has to talk with the Avengers. God, he hates being a super hero. Maybe it would’ve been better when he died in that dingy cave back then.
Tony resisted the urge to laugh hysterically and nodded, before taking the suit and leaving. Abnormal. How funny. (And he thought of dust and ash and he’s falling and falling and falling.)
He schooled his expression and wiped his head empty. The practice of ignoring and locking everything up was easy enough, it was after all one of the lesson the world taught him first.
Tony looked up from whatever it is that he was pretending to read and looked up on the ceiling in order to acknowledge FRIDAY (he tried not to think of how he acquired that annoying habit. Spoiler: from Steve).
Steve chuckled. “He annoys Clint? I can’t really remember if the Clint and Bucky of my reality interacted that much, except during the whole Civil War thing. And then it was only because they were on my…side.”
That she hadn’t been expecting. “Yes. It was hard to be honest but I don’t know. I could tell Nat cared about him a lot and Hydra used him to be their blunt instrument. It’s not the same but Obie did something similar to me.” She poked his shoulder. “What’s this really about? What does the super soldier want to get off his manly chest?”
Naturally Strange did what he always did; conducted an elaborate series of movement with his arms and hands to summon his magic into being. The odd mystical shapes leapt from his fingertips and surrounded Steve like a full body halo, twinkling beside his face and skidding across his chest. They made him look even more handsome…if that were humanly possible. It was hard to improve on perfection after all.
Steve threw his head back with a full body laugh but made no moves to go anywhere. “Ah. Congratulations, you’ve finally got me out of my clothes so to speak.”
As usual Rhodey wasn’t wrong; it would just be the sensible option to have a backup plan on the off chance that she couldn’t get Steve rooted to the reality he wanted to be in. Though she wasn’t sure it was a conversation she wanted to have him with. Beside she hated admitting that she couldn’t
The word ‘options’ sounded ominous. Steve wasn’t looking forward to whatever theses ‘options’ were. It would mean Bucky would have to make a choice. Or worse, maybe Steve would have to make that choice for Bucky. What if he made the wrong choice? What if he did what he thought was in Bucky’s best interest and he got it wrong. What if Bucky had to live the rest of his life with a glowing machine in his chest because of a stupid mistake Steve made. Would Bucky ever be able to forgive him?
“You’re distracted every day,” Steve said. “I know we’re both busy workaholics, but I get lonely, too, sometimes. When was the last time we just spent time together without talking about work?”
But just as he was about to take another bite, Tony heard the fence shake. A gentle shake for once, and not the forceful rattle of someone trying to get out.
Tony tried to shrug off puppy Steve’s attention.  “I’m telling you Steve, it’s really not a big deal. Besides, they’re busy with other stuff right now.”
“Must be Tony,” Sam said as he scrubbed the blood off his own hands. “Saw him dragging a body off earlier. Kept muttering something about making them pay.”
Peter pulled open the kennel door. A huge brown and grey werewolf barreled out of the cage and into the gated enclosure. He snarled, spit dripping from between his teeth as he chomped at the empty air. His fur was raised, his teeth bared, his dark blue eyes darted right and left looking for the creature who shoved him into that tiny cage. But there were no other creatures in the enclosure.
“Didn’t say,” said Tony. He glanced at Steve. There was a bit of worry hidden in the corners of his eyes, but that didn’t give Steve any information as to what might be in store for him.
Was it because Steve was useful to him? Providing him ideas and rum? Steve tried to shake the thought from his head, but it stayed with him like a bad itch.
“Fine!” yelled Steve. He had had enough of this conversation and was determined to shut it down once and for all. “I'll take Tony on the run with me, and then I'll take Tony home. Everyone happy now?” he scanned this crew with hardened eyes, daring them to object to his final say.
“What if he doesn’t feel the same way?” asked Steve. The potential of rejection had hung over him like a gray cloud for the past two weeks. It’s why he didn’t try to push the kiss as hard as he would like. “It’s not like the casual hookups you find around here.”
With a strong jerk, Steve yanked Iron Man to him. It was like an out of body experience; watching Steve’s face get closer and closer until Tony felt the impact of Iron Man’s helmet crashing against bone. Tony pulled back the second Steve’s grip loosened from the head-butt.
Steve’s brain stuttered to a stop. “That’s … a little more complicated,” Steve said, trying to be as delicate as possible. He had only recently learned about all the new words to describe sexuality. Things like gender identity and gender expression were still new to him.
Pepper was special. Pepper was a sensitive soul. Pepper shouldn’t have to deal with this kind of stuff. She would probably hold strong until she got home before collapsing on Happy and letting it all out. Tony hated to do that to her. He hated that he couldn’t be the one to help her out with those things. But if their short romantic endeavor proved anything, it’s that he was crap at being the comforting one in the relationship.
It was a nice enough place: a Victorian style window on the right hand side, wooden stairs that led up to a bright red door on the left. The place looked perfectly normal. But something felt off. Locals avidly avoided looking at the shop and found reason to quicken their pace as they walked past. Men and women were a bit shifty on the corners of the street, and the local brats were playing kick the can two alleys over instead of in the streets and in the way of traffic.
It was his story to tell, but he wouldn’t. It was Steve’s story as much as his and Steve had much more to lose than Tony ever would. Unless Steve spilled the beans first, Tony would take the secret touch with him to the grave.
“Steve.” Sam was trying to get his attention. His breath was heavy and his eyes were unsteady as he looked to Cap for guidance. “What do we do?”
Tony led them to the werewolf enclosure to find Steve midway through his morning patrol of the small territory.
Bruce looked up from where he was working on patching up Rhodey with what little medical supplies they had on hand. Catching Tony’s eye, Bruce looked down at Barnes and shook his head in uncertainty.
Steve barked a laugh and then quickly covered his mouth. “Yes,” Steve said, trying to suppress his smile. “Yes, my name is Steve.”
He put the sketch book down and took Tony’s hand in his. Steve began to rub his thumb back and forth over the soft skin. There was a pink flush in his cheeks as he chewed his lip, but Steve’s eyes were darting back and forth as if fighting a quiet, internal battle. He seemed nervous.
“You sure? This guy seems to disagree with you,” Steve said, fondling Tony’s morning wood in one large, warm hand.
“Hey, it’s okay.” Steve said, placing a reassuring hand on Tony’s shaking shoulder. He smiled and kept his voice as low and as comforting as possible. “Maybe you won’t understand this yet, but he’s not Howard, Tony. He’s you. An older version of you, but he’s still you. You don’t need to be afraid.”
And oh god did Tony recognize that voice. Tony tried to go back to sleep, but Steve was insistent. Tony batted Steve’s hand away from his cock. “Steve, no.”
That's all I've got for now. It might be a bit into December before an update. Both my beta and I are trying for NaNo this year and completing his story is on the agenda of things to write.
He flicked the safety off with a spine shuddering ‘click’ and dug the barrel deeper into Tony’s skin. Licking his lips, Rumlow’s eyes drifted down from the top of Tony’s head to the glowing device in his heart. “This looks important. Wonder what happens when I pull it out.”
"Shut up. It’s sweet," Jane whispers back. And Steve doesn’t even what to think about what that meant.
The universe didn’t let them have many moments like this. Peaceful moments. Tony’s life as a billionaire, their lives as superheroes and celebrities didn’t allow such simple things. They were always in the spotlight. Somewhere to go, something to do, someone to save, someone watching them, someone taking pictures of their very PG relationship and selling it to TMZ as something scandalous. Anxiety-free peace and quiet was a priceless luxury, one that Tony planned to savor.
Tony’s face solidified into stern determination. “Steve, tell me what’s going on!” His voice was firm as if talking to a subordinate rather than a friend.
"We did," said Thor with his thousand watt smile. " But Lady Jane said Captain's orders came first before any social norm."
Right on cue, War Machine and Rescue ominously walked through the thick obstruction like it was nothing. Slowly, step by step, they encroached on enemy territory. Shot after shot, a member of Hydra fell to one of their blasts. But it wasn’t enough. Schmidt had enough man power that a small gaggle of street shit was able to take the Brooklyn Boys by surprise.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered. “Beautiful, fluffy, golden brown. I may not be the most well spoken person, but I know what I like.”
Both Steve and Bucky were wounded from the blast, but it looked Bucky had it the words. Smoke, dust, gunpowder, and heat burns caked most of his body. Enough that the government might consider assigning him as another color if asked. The red burns pulsed with rage, and the black burns smoked grey from the leftover heat. Bucky’s mouth hung open, panting in short breaths. Clear beads of sweat rolled down his face leaving clean streaks of skin in their wake.
With little thought of the consequences, Tony raced over to the billowing gas with Steve following close on his heels.
Tony groaned. He flopped, back first, onto the bed. Tony covered his face with both hands as Steve’s fingers continued to roam up and down his sides. “Fine. I’m up. I can’t believe I’m putting up with this before my first cup of coffee.”
“No, Tony,” Steve interruption was curt . His face was pinched in all the wrong places, like he wanted to shove Tony out the door and flat out on his ass. “It’s fine. We have to take care if it ourselves. We don’t have the money to afford a doctor.”
“And then you came to my door in a suit and tie with a beautiful bouquet and I just stood there in a ragged t-shirt covered in green stains from DUM-E’s early smoothie making days because I thought you weren’t serious,” Tony laughed at the memory. Tony had been so embarrassed he’d actually shut the door in Steve’s face, convinced it was all some weird dream. Good thing he’d answered the door when Steve knocked again. Man never knew when to give up. “And now, look where we are,” Tony murmured as he cuddled his favorite superhero.
“No Pep,” Tony whined. “They give me the creeps. Even worse than Osborn. Can’t I just blow it off all like I normally do?
“You won’t tell anyone, will you?” asked Tony, his voice quiet with shame for his selfishness. If he hadn’t tried to kiss Steve the first time, none of this would have happened.
“Never mind that.” Schmidt brushed aside the suggestion. “We’re on a time crunch. Get your men loading these guns onto the truck. And find someone to help me open these crates,” he said, pointing to an unusually long box. “I ordered a special gift for our dear friend, the Captain, and I want to make sure it works.”
Steve shook his head in disbelief as the crowd began to disperse. “Nazi scum. Just because you have the right to way whatever you want doesn’t mean you should. We made it into America! Have a little respect.”
“Other than that, right as rain, right?” Tony asked as he swung his legs back and forth under the cot.
Natasha nodded, understanding the gravity of what the Brooklyn Boys were about to do. Turning so she was crouched down on the balls of her feet, she did one last inspection of the lit path.
Embedded in Tony’s chest was something akin to a lightbulb. A metal circle about the size of a can of beans sat squarely in the middle of Tony’s sternum. Silver wires ran round the circumference like filament making the metal glow bright blue. A white triangle sat in the center of the device and glowed with the strength of a hundred neon lights. A thin layer of glass covered the device and protected it from contaminants.
Their work wasn’t always pretty, but Tony was glad the girls were enjoying themselves. He felt occasional stings of jealousy whenever a soldier touched one of the girls in a place that was more than strictly platonic, but it wasn’t because he was interested in them as bed mates. They were all fine women and dazzlingly in their own way, but Tony thought of them as friends. He didn’t want to have sex with them. Honestly, I would be easier if he did.
“I don’t know,” said Jan, a sly smile on her face. “He’s been sneaking looks at our truck ever since we got here.”
Steve resisted the urge to frown. Small talk? Was that necessary? But she was being an absolute doll in taking him to see Tony, so he did his best to humor the lady without insulting her intelligence. “We meet in the breadline a few weeks back.”
Tony cocked his head to the side. “A better moment than this? And what do you mean by ‘lack of pictures’? Pictures of what?”
Clint shrugged, his shoulder against the threshold of the door. “Hey, whatever floats your boat boss.”
Steve’s heart dropped. How many times had Tony been criticized for pouring his heart out? “Tony,” his voice tried to reach out to where his hands couldn’t. “I don’t think anyone who could make something like this could have something I wouldn’t like to see.”
Tony balled his fist against one of the workbenches. “That’s it! I was planning on making you a new bow, but since you said that-”
Bucky whirled around, clearly livid with Steve’s denial. “I did not just hear you say that after you were clearing giving that guy the eye.”
That was all the push Steve needed to hear. He stomped over to the man and nudged his beaten face with the heel of his shoe, hard.
He had decided it after their drink. After their almost kiss. Being with Steve, being close to Tony, it was too dangerous. It was too dangerous for business, and it was too dangerous for Steve. Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Jarvis, Clint, and Bruce, they all knew what they signed up for when they joined him. But Steve, he was innocent. And he would have no choice but to become guilty if he and Tony became, well, more. Tony couldn't let that happen to Steve, he wouldn't let that happen to Steve. Having a couple sips of prohibition, that was one thing. Associating with an active mob boss as he terrorized the New York underground and fit men for their pine box overcoat, that was something else entirely. It would be in his best interest to keep him at a distance. And that meant no more visits. Just a “goodbye” for closure and that would be it.
“What can I say,” said Bucky, smug face beaming with pride. “Captain America is an influential man.”
“Why are you looking at me?” accused Clint. If Iron Man could raise a questioning eyebrow, he would.
“It’s Saturday,” said Tony as he bounced up and down on the balls of his feet. “Jarvis makes me pancakes on Saturday. Well, he did. But the computer says he’s dead. And he’s a computer now! So, since he’s not around, you should make me pancakes.”
The only sound blasting in Steve’s ears came from the shallow breath of his brothers. Seconds slowly ticked by. Not a sound. Maybe Thor was wrong. Maybe he really didn’t hear anything. But Steve couldn’t take that chance. Gulping down his nerves, Steve began to slowly count to ten. If Steve didn’t hear anything by the time he reached ten, it would be a false alarm and they could get the hell out of dodge.
When Steve finally stepped back for some air, the man collapsed onto the floor like a rag doll. His body didn’t even twitch. But Steve wasn’t done yet. “Get up, scum,” Steve barked. He dug his foot into the bleeding man’s stomach. “Where’s the mouth you had earlier? Where’s that confidence? Where is your pride? Where is that sonofabitch that killed Bucky!?”
Stane chuckled at the idea. “If I remember what you were like as a little brat, I think my office might be too small for you. But don’t worry. It’s all taken care of.”
"Less talking, more shooting," yelled Steve as popping out when he could to let loose a random bullet in hopes of landing a hit. With only a side arm and a few bullets. Steve and Sam did their best to hold their own, but they were clearly outnumbered and outgunned.
What if Steve really didn’t want Tony? What if Tony was projecting his desires on Steve? Steve was right, this was his fight. For all he knew, the attack could’ve come from a third party that had never laid eyes on Stark made weapons. Maybe, he should stay out of it. Maybe he should let Steve go. After all, he failed to protect him.
“Then take ‘em out,” ordered Steve. He was beginning to feel more like himself and less like a frantic, emotional civilian. “I want to know what the hell is going on and how many more of those things we’ll have to deal with to get out.”
Sam shook his head. "Keeping my ear to the ground, but nothing so far. Who ever did this wanted to be noticed, but for some reason, they ain't talking."
“We should celebrate.” Steve was bursting with excitement. “I don’t have much, but I have a bottle of something special I could open just of the occasion.”
But a question hung in the air. Not an important one. They had talked a lot about the important ones over the years. This was something Tony had wanted to ask ever since Steve first requested Tony to model for him.
Pushing the door open with an easy flick of her wrist, Steve followed behind like a duck. Loud music from a gramophone burst out into the waiting area like a brick wall of sound. Instincts kicked in, and Steve covered his ears and closed his eyes as if that would make the atrocious din go away faster. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ms. Potts efficiently rushing over to remove the needle from the record.
Once the door closed behind him, Steve turned from a powerful predator into a pile of pudding. His entire body relaxed as he shank down onto Tony’s side. He licked Tony’s face and fucking purred as Tony tried not to have a panic attack at the wolf’s sudden change in behavior.
Not wanting to prolong it any further, Tony grabbed an unassuming jacket from the back and walked off toward the park.
“Beautiful,” Steve murmured. He pressed his thumb flat against Tony’s slit. Tony groaned as he felt a thin line of fluid leak out his cock. He squirmed as it dripped down his throbbing dick and soaked the white sheet. God, why wouldn’t Steve get on with it? Tony hadn’t jerked off all week and he needed to come bad.
Also, 50k words! Thanks to everyone who has commented and supported me over these past few months. You have no idea how much it helps to see you enjoying what I'm doing.
As soon as Tony felt relaxed in his banter, everything went to shit. The sound of metal scraping against metal sent shivers down Tony’s spine. The regular rattle of garage panes being rolled up late at night was never a good sign.
Then he heard it. The familiar cooing of a pigeon, but there was something. The pitch was a little higher than usual and pigeons weren’t known to be out at this time of night..
“Are you sure?” asked Peter, looking over as the wolf battered the edge of his cage. “We’ve never had a case like this before. Rehabilitating a werewolf so far gone that he can’t even turn back into a human. It’s extremely difficult and highly involved. You sure we can do this?”
“I think the better question would be what didn’t we hear.” The amused lit in Pepper’s voice translated over the radio clear as day.
The goon above him beared down and grabbed Tony by the collar. Clumsy fingers tried in hopeless desperation to claw his way out of the man’s grip. Pulled up toward the stinking bastard , Tony got a face full of spit from loose lips. “What the hell did you do to me?” he sneered and Tony can see him trying in vain to clench his injured hand.
Tony’s face flushed red and like the coward he was, Tony immediately ducked behind the steel counter. “Holy shit, Jan,” Tony hissed. “Why did you tell me he was looking this way?”
She looked up into his eyes, her piercing gaze dissecting his soul. They had moved so close during his rant. He could feel her shallow, even breath on his face. He could see the light peppering of freckles on her face. The flecks of color in her eyes. He wanted to reach out and touch. He wanted to tell her how beautiful she was. “You’re an idiot and this is a terrible idea,” she said.
nice in the back of Tony’s car? This whole thing felt too good to be true. Any second, Tony expected someone to jump out of the bushes and yell, “Surprise! You’re fired,” or worse, he’d wake up. What was he thinking inviting trouble like that?
Tony snapped out of his daydream. “Y-yeah. Looks okay,” Tony said, trying hard to focus on the dough and not on the growing hard on in his pants. The dough wasn’t perfect. A bit uneven around the edges, a little too dry because Steve had thrown extra flour on the table, but overall it wasn’t bad for a first try. Tony had done worse during service.
“I’ll knock the dough back and have a dozen donuts cut out and ready for the fryer in five minutes,” Natasha said as she rolled up her sleeves.
“It’s just a standard precaution. Nothing to worry about,” said the good doctor, seeming thankful for another party trying to the keeping the peace. “If you’re still amenable to the idea, just step behind the bar and we can get started.”
The lookout, Rumlow, gave Schmidt an unimpressed shrugged. “Just got a couple a rats try’n ta sneak away with our dinner. Nothing we can’t handle boss.”
Passing through the threshold, Steve gasped in awe. It was much bigger than the shop front, no doubt about that. A main floor big enough to hold dances spread out in front of them and an open space with a balcony above, richly decorated in a vibrant red and gold trim reached out far above their heads. A large crystal and glass chandelier hung from the ceiling and Steve could only imagine what the place looked like when the lights went up for the night. The place screamed money and high class. He could almost see the shadows of well-dressed gents and fine dames milling about the floor, discussing politics and whatever else the upper class did as they sipped expensive drinks.
Most was better than none. And at the pace Schmidt’s crew was driving, there was no way the Iron Family could catch them. “Steve, let him go. We got what we came for.”
Steve wasn’t so easily convinced. “Tony, you’re bleeding out. I don’t know what else to do or how much blood you’ve lost. We need to get you to a hospital so they can take a look at you and patch you up.”
“You agree with this shit?” If Tony had full functionality of his arms, he would have thrown them up in exasperation. “That’s it. Barton is starting a mutiny. He’s going to get you all on his side and then, when I least expect it, you’ll assault me in my sleep and dump me on the side of the road with only a banjo to keep me company.”
“Rescue, cover me,” he said, springing into action. There was no room for error now. These guys had their act together and Tony couldn’t miss a beat if he wanted to get everyone out alive.
“Can anybody tell me who in their right mind invited Steve to the stake out?” demanded Tony. “Because I sure as hell didn’t invite him.”
For a second, Steve look stunned. His mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water. He tried saying something, stuttering over ‘ah’s and ‘well’s, but nothing seemed to work.
“Time. And. Place,” Steve spat out. He did not want his secret admiration thrown about as carelessly as a newsboy with the evening paper.
“Might not be possible boss.” Tony looked up just in time to see two figures, the mouthy brunette called Bucky and the lean redhead from earlier, climb up the rigging and onto the catwalk. Hawkeye’s signature bow slowly fell to his side as he reached for the knife hidden at the small of his back. “Looks like our guests aren’t too keen on makin’ nice.”
“Don’t take too long. Remember, we’re having dinner with Hammer Industries at the Plaza. And the discussion for the military contracts are coming up soon.”
Tony pushed himself up to a seated position as the fight came back around. He tried to get up, but a claw came at him from his blind spot and dug deep into his arm.
And with that, we have run out of pre-written chapters. Sorry about the delay on the chapter. Having a birthday weekend made of suck.
“Okay, fine. God. Don’t need to be an ass about it,” she scoffed just as the elevator gods finally decided now was a good time for the doors to open. As he stepped in the box and rapidly punched for the lobby, he heard her mutter, “I can see why no one wants to work for you for longer than a few months. Don’t know how your girlfriend can even stand you.”
“I don’t care,” Tony said. He knocked Natasha’s hand away and stood up on his seat so he could look Steve straight in the eyes.  “I know I’m not a woman, but I’d take good care of you. Dad says the company will be mine someday and when it does, I can marry you. I’d be rich and you wouldn’t have to do anything except be my husband.”
Iron Man and Tony were one in the same. That meant that everything that Iron Man (mob boss and speakeasy owner) had done, Tony Stark (mild-mannered engineer) had also been okay with. Death, weapons of mass destruction, Tony was okay with all of that. He was okay with someone like Bucky getting hurt in the crossfires. Steve heart couldn’t understand something like that.
“And is that what you brought me back for?" Tony asked with an unnecessary bite. "To be a glorified show pony? A replacement for dad!” Part of him knew what he was saying wasn't true, but it still hurt to have those lies floating around in the back of head.
“I’m not really dressed for it,” Tony said, looking down at his red Hawaiian shirt and baggy cargo shorts.
Now it was Tony’s turn to feel embarrassed. “Oh?” said Tony, liking how the word ‘official’ felt falling from Steve’s lips. “Any spoilers on the plan?
Steve smiled and it made Tony’s heart melt. “I know this is a little out of nowhere, but would you model for me? I feel like it’s been ages since I last picked up a pencil.”
“I saw the way you looked at him,” Natasha interrupted before Tony could spin any more lies. “You took up a gun after he was murdered, something you swore you’d never do again. That’s not something you would do if he wasn’t more than just a friend.”
Finally, Steve looked down at the mug in his hands and let out a heavy sigh. “We didn’t really ‘meet.’ At least, not in the traditional sense. I was a doll in the Dollhouse. My memories and personality were erased from my brain, digitized, and saved onto a wedge. I was pretty much a blank slate and you were the genius scientist looking down from your ivory tower. The extent of our interactions should have been limited to treatments. Before an encounter, you or Fury would call me up, I’d visit you, and you’d give me a new personality that met the request of a client.
The wolf huffed and settled behind Tony’s back. An open, warm, furry place for Tony to rest his head. So, Tony did.
Easier said than done. Tensions were high, blows were being traded midair, and there was little light in the dusty warehouse. Brightly colored suit or not, an idiot encased in metal could easily be missed. So, just to be on the safe side, he gave the Brooklyn Boys a friendly wave and threw in a couple of repulsor blasts at moving shadows. That ought to get Steve’s attention for sure.
As Steve called the elevator, Tony tugged on his arm. “Why is big me in your bed? Does he have problems sleeping too?”
“I assure you, he’s in the best of care,” the gentleman replied, voice and posture returning to a non-threatening default. “Our organization has no intention of doing him any harm. However, the one you should be concerned about is you. Your ‘association’ with that man could land the Brooklyn Boys in a whole heap of trouble you’re not even close to being ready for.”
Tony licked his lips and wondered what it would be like to be on the other end of that look. How hot would Tony feel under such undivided focus? How would those fingers feel wrapped around his hand, his hip, maybe all the way down to the head of his-
“You know, you should really give it a try. Food isn’t as overrated as you think it is,” Tony said, trading last night’s dinner with a fresh tray of food.
“I don’t want to know what worse is,” Steve said, tightened the cloth around the entry hole. Tony’s face contorted in pain, and then fell into an easy smile. Oh the stories he could tell. He’d have to tell Steve all about them one day. Knowing Steve, his face would most likely drain to a chalk white and he would insist on hanging onto Tony for days on end. Tony was above those showy types of affection, but for Steve, he’d let the man indulge. That is, if there was anything left of their non-existent relationship after their ruined ‘date’.
That made Tony pause. He wasn’t mad at Pepper for implying that Steve was a fool. Tony could be mad, but it made him think. He wanted to say something in response, but he couldn’t. He wanted to say “I hope so too,” but the worlds on the tip of his tongue refused to come out. Was he really that much of a fool? Would Steve be okay with Tony? All of Tony? Millionaire mob boss and all? Could Steve be okay with all that? Could he? Being around Tony, the real Tony all the time? Not to mention Tony was a man. There wasn’t anything remotely feminine about Tony’s physique. Steve wouldn’t be confused about that. Even if Tony shaved his goatee off, which would be akin to death for him, would Steve be willing to look past sex to give Tony the time of day?
Something was eating her, Tony could tell by the way her fingers fiddled with a misplaced pencil. After giving her a few seconds of unbearable silence, she finally broke.
But Steve, bless his heart, didn’t even bat an eye at Tony’s tantrum. “When I draw you, I want to capture who you are, not what you try to be. You put on a show because you feel it’s expected. Everything you do is supposed to be elegant and effortless. You’re supposed to be larger than life. Fuck anyone who thinks otherwise. You’re Tony Stark; the genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist who works part time as a superhero.
“Who?” Tony demanded. He sounded hysterical. “Who else would give you guns? Because I sure as hell know you don’t have the money to buy them.”
A breath of air finally reached his brain. The parts were beginning to move again. The cogs in his brain were slowly ticking away.“Never ridden a bicycle,” mumbled Tony
Rumlow blistered at the jab. “I’d beat you to death, but I think that’d be too good for a fag like you.”
“Because Jarvis is a man, not a woman,” said Steve as he poured a bit of batter into a hot pan. “Just because a man has feminine like qualities, doesn’t mean it’s okay to go around comparing him to a woman. It’s okay for men to do things like cook and clean just like it’s okay for a woman to fight or shoot a gun.”
Steve felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. He tried to sift through the pros and cons from a neutral position, but the answer had been clear long before the discussion of sexuality or money was brought up. Pulling out of the huddle, he faced Dr. Banner with steel determination. “We’ll take it.”
“Magnificent.” Schmidt was practically glowing with glee. He closed his gloved fingers around the glowing circle in his hand. “This much power in the palm of my hand, it’s just as our dealer advertised.” He turned to his subordinate, manic smile on his face. “Rumlow, any sign that the infestation has been dealt with?”
“Captain America likes strawberries,” said Natasha. She plucked a strawberry off the top a popped it right into her mouth. “Don’t you, Steve?”
“Rum runners?” supplied Tony. Steve looked like he was having trouble finding the right word. His heart fluttered at Steve’s embarrassment, and Tony quickly smothered the tiny thought that Steve looked cute when he was at a loss for words. “You said you weren’t getting much work as an artist. It would make sense that you found another way to subsidize your income. Don’t blame you. Could be involved in a lot worse. Like organized crime. Or gang wars.”
"Nothing unexpected on the perimeter," reported Bucky. " Couple vultures on the west side, but nothing knocking a few heads in didn't fix."
Steve tried to follow the doctor into the dimly lit room, but Dr. Banner raised a hand and pushed him away.
Steve followed the trail of blood until he came face to face with a large door. On the wood, someone had posted a flimsy paper sign that read ‘Interrogation in progress.’
"If our guys pay us our due, yeah, we got enough," reported Sam as he walked into the back room. "Double checked the number this morning and each bottle has a name on it. Don't worry Steve, none of the work will be going to waste."
“Steve, wait,” Tony reached into a small compartment in his armor and pulled out a small earpiece. “You should be able to talk to us through this. It’s a remote radio I’ve been working on. Fun size. Still having some problems transmitting and receiving, but it should be good in a pinch.” With gentle fingers, Tony placed the device in Steve’s palm and folded the large fingers around the temperamental tech. “Try not to get yourself killed, okay?”
“I am calm!” Steve screamed. Couldn’t Sam see? This was the calmest Steve had ever been. The anger raging in his heart filled him with a focus and determination he hadn’t felt since he left the battlefield back in Europe.
Steve smiled. "Yeah," he murmured in a voice low enough that only Tony could hear. "We're just a couple of rebels trying to take on the world with nothing but homemade gin and some art supplies. Look out America. We might be the next criminal power couple."
Tony gave a distracted nod. His thoughts were elsewhere. “Revolution per second are slower than Iron Man’s,” he rambled off as Steve turned around to see how close they were being followed. “Each rotation is taking .023 seconds longer than I calculated for. Someone idiot must have messed with the casing to make it slower. Or the metal, A decrease in fan speed would definitely do it too. Although, if they used aluminum instead of tin-”
“It’s just… I don’t know how to describe it,” Tony sputtered. “I know logically he’s a younger version of me and none of what he’s doing has any dramatic consequence on my life, but it’s so embarrassing. It’s like remembering the super fan boy version of myself from ages ago, only it’s not a memory. It’s real and everyone around me is encouraging his shitty fan boy behavior. Doing stupid things. Telling embarrassing stories. Talking your ear off because he’s so excited that his greatest hero, Captain America, is taking the time to listen to him.
Tony nodded, trying not to think about the splattering of blood on Rhodey’s legs as they slowly grew with each passing second. “Don’t worry,” reassured Tony with a forced smile. “We’ll get Bruce right on it. You’ll be as good as new in no time. You’ll see.”
"Okay Tony, that's enough." Steve wasn't feeling jealous of Jane. He absolutely was not. He pulled Tony away from where the group was slowly gathering so they would have some semblance of privacy. "What the hell are you doing here?" he whispered.
Okay, fine. Yes, Tony thought Captain flag was very attractive. A man in uniform with a kind smile and an adorable blush, how could Tony say no? But he wasn’t obviously gay. During their brief interaction, he hadn’t dropped any hints or shown any signs that he was into men. If Tony wanted to ask the Captain out on something akin to a date, he need to come up with a fool proof strategy to seduce his target. What would be the best way to capture his interest? A flirtatious smile? A subtle sexual innuendo? The possibilities were endless, but so were the risks.
Grabbing a nearby hanging rope, he knelt down by the prone body and began tying Rumlow’s hands behind his back.
“Oh,” Bruce whipped his knuckles on a once green handkerchief that had since been stained red. “I thought we were talking about something important.”
“Well I’m saying we can!” Steve insisted. The less the Brooklyn Boys got others involved, the better. It was their fight. Not Tony’s, not the Iron Family; their fight against Hydra. Bringing in civilians or other outside help would be dishonorable and paint a target on innocent heads. Steve would never be able to live with himself if his actions put Tony in harm’s way.
“Don’t look you idiot,” Jan said, physically shoving him Tony the back of the food truck. “He’ll see you.”
“Now, we have to roll it out and cut it into circles.” Tony grabbed a rolling pin, floured it up, and handed it to Steve. Steve frowned. He twisted the pin around, examining it as if he’d never seen anything like it before. He gave Tony a quick look of, ‘Am I doing this right?’ before taking the wooden pin in both hands and lightly denting the top of the dough.
He’d have his work cut out for him when he finally appeared topside. How was he supposed to explain a random Captain America appearing out of nowhere? Would he have to explain it? Iron Man could alert the crew of something floating in the water. But what if they thought he was dead and just left him in the water? How would Iron Man convince them to drag a frozen body on board?
“Thanks Bucky.” The smile was short lived. In his head, Steve was already running options of where else they could go. If the rumor was something to believed, they might lose more than half their business to changes in the pecking order. He couldn’t afford that. He could barely afford to pay his crew their less than living wage. Something had to be done, but he was stumped on the what.
Not only was his heart keeping time with the rapid rhythm of his arc reactor, but his mouth was unnaturally dry and his lips were in great need to be wetted by something other than water. Steve wasn't making it easy. His heart-melting smile, those gorgeous blue eyes, the flawless way banter flowed between them. Steve wasn’t making it any easier for Tony to deny his selfish desires.
The kid nodded, but he clearly didn’t buy Steve’s lie. “Were you sleep walking? Do we sleep walk when we get older?”
All eyes were on Steve. Should they go through with it? If word got out that they were dealing with the big dogs, a lot of people might start coming round makin’ trouble on their turf.
Steve looked over Tony’s shoulder and his eyebrow raised a tick. “I’ve got a good one. It’s called, run.” Grabbing Tony by the scruff of his neck, Steve dragged them away from their hiding spot seconds before Tony felt a searing heat race across his back. He turned back for a split second to see their hideout had been vaporized in a blast of white.
Rhodey gave Tony a pointed look, but said nothing. He crouched down onto his knees until he was about the same height as the kid. “You found what you wanted, right? How about we check out and give these two a minute to get their heads on straight. That sound good to you?”
"You should meet him in real life.” Tony’s stance was relaxed and there was a twinkle in his eye that Steve had never seen before. “Not the suave scientist he seems like on paper, thank you editors, but still just as smart. He'll blow your mind if you give him the time.
vacation. His time away from the Avengers. If he wanted five more minutes, Tony was sleeping another five minutes. Hot coffee be dammed.
“Kids, am I right?” Tony said with a nervous chuckle as he looked down at Morgan’s picture. Physical proof that, after everything Steve and Tony had been through, they had managed to do one thing right. “Get all sorts of strange ideas in their head.”
The chair clattered to the ground and the man took off like a shot straight for the door. Steve’s mind went blank, but his body knew exactly what to do.
“I guess you could say that,” said Steve. But the sadness in Steve’s eyes told Tony there was something he was hiding.
“For what it’s worth,” said Clint, conveniently examining the walls with great interest. “By everyone I just meant Rhodey, Jarvis, and you two. Just because I act stupid doesn’t mean I really am.” And that was as close to an apology as Tony would get. And he was fine with that.
“Not now Obie,” Tony said, trying to brush off his mentor’s touch. “I’m busy. Need to find someone.”
As an unassuming man with curly hair joined the group, it hit him. The Iron Family. The picture from the hit on Hydra. The helmet was the same shape as the picture in the paper. Steve was trying to try and strike a deal with the Iron Family. Tony had gotten him in contact with the Iron Family! Steve tried not to stagger back in shock. This was very serious levels of ‘not good.’ The Brooklyn Boys were trying to stay away from big names, keep out of the spotlight until things smoothed over in the underground. Instead, they were standing face to face with one of the newest, and seemingly, biggest name in the business. This was beyond the realm of ‘things not going according to plan.’
Tony could almost hear Stane's teeth grinding together in anger. “What the hell is wrong with you Tony? You don’t have the right.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped as the ramifications assaulted his conscience. When Steve figured out that Tony was directly related to the Iron Family, he had become an unwilling target for information. Tony could see it now. Coulson and his gaggle of information brokers would jump on Steve’s ass faster than a high rolling lady. They’d pester him with questions; pick his brain ruthlessly like pigeons in Central Park. Steve had become a weak point in the armor of the family, and in the business of the mafia, there were only one thing to do. Tony shuddered just thinking about it. Clint with a barbed arrow, or Rhodey with a rifle; crosshairs centered on a man who had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Steve bit down on his lip. The way Tony was talking, it sounded like whatever Tony wanted to show Steve was bad. Really bad. Life changing information bad. But as much as the anxiety churned in his stomach, Steve was tired of lies and secrets. As ironically as it was for a criminal to want, Steve wanted the truth.
“Fuck Steve. I don’t fucking know.” The only thoughts going through Tony’s head were ‘fuck’, ‘Steve’, and ‘now.’
Tony ran a hand along the back of his neck, trying to hide the blush in his cheeks. “I… um… I miss you, too.”
Sam shrugged. "Sorry Cap. Nothing reliable in the woodworks as of yet. But I'll tell you what little rumor I hear. There's a name being passed around in the back alleys and dark corners of rooms. The Iron Family."
Tony’s stomach dropped. “You’ve got to be kidding me. Two of the brightest minds in the universe, and you don’t think we can’t figure out time travel in less than a year?”
“Brooklyn Boys; our mission is to get in those vehicles and get out any of those weapons they got stashed away. Swing around the sides, get what you can, and get out fast. The Iron Family is on crowd control, but that doesn’t mean there won’t be stragglers.”
“Been through worse,” Tony grunted. His arms felt like they were going to fall off any second. They wobbled under his weight, but somehow Tony managed to push himself into a sitting position.
Steve shook his head. “I’m not done with him,” Steve muttered. “He still needs to talk. He needs to tell me why he hurt Bucky.”
“You know what, never mind leaving you alive,” growled Rumlow as he straddled Tony’s hips. He pressed the muzzle of his pistol into the soft flesh of Tony’s temple. “Killing you now will be much more fun.”
“Sure,” Steve said with a smile. Anything to get his mind off getting the boy home. “I’m sure Tony has a few age appropriate books somewhere.”
“Okay.” Not into dancing. That was fine. There were plenty of other ways for blond and beautiful to amuse himself and stay within Tony’s line of sight. “How about I call one of the girls over for some company? You guys could go in the back and-”
“No, we need to make our own. I want to be able to go and come whenever, how ever I please. Start with the few shops you scouted out, but if you see anything better, take it. No questions asked. And knock over a few joints in other areas too while you're at it. Don’t want the coppers pinning us down to early. We can get our own turf just fine while still remaining in the Gandor’s graces.”
They sat for what felt like hours, both in deep consideration about what should or could happen next. Neither of them noticed a slim shadow a slim shadow creep over them.
“Look Steve. I don’t care. I really don’t. Maybe I don’t know how you contracted the sickness, and maybe there is no cure. I don’t care. It doesn’t really change who you are or who you have been after all these years. And if I was going to catch it, you or Wilson would have given it to me by now. But Steve, you can’t. You just can't. And not just because he’s a guy, no matter how screwed up I think that is. You gotta’ think about the family Steve. You gotta’ think of them. We’ve got territory to protect, people to feed. Maybe if he lived in the area, but he doesn’t. Besides, he looks like a normal guy. He wouldn’t understand either parts of you.”
The wolf didn’t respond. Then again, he never responded to anything. Unless he was angry. Which seemed to be most of the time.
Tony stared up at Steve, frozen in place. This was happening. This was really happening. He had hoped for this, but he dared not wish for it to actually happen. Now that it was, Tony was at a loss for words. “You might regret that,” said Tony, knowing full well that they weren’t talking about donuts anymore. “The air was knocked only a few minutes ago. They’ll be dense and raw and difficult to swallow.”
What if she was right? Miss Brown Eyes was a nobody, but what if she was right questioning his worth? What if Steve really couldn’t stand being with Tony? The kiss all those nights ago told a different story, but everything had changed in those few minutes of confrontation. What if Steve’s feelings for Tony had changed too?
He was so cold. He felt so lost and alone. Everyone was looking to him for answer and Steve didn’t have any. The world as he knew it was crumbling down around him and the only thing Steve could do was hang on. Bucky was in intensive care, Natasha was missing, Tony was … Steve could barely wrap his head around what Tony was. He was worried to death about Bucky, but as hard as he tried to ignore it, thoughts of Tony drifted in and out of his mind.
“Understood, sir,” said the woman in white, her face a complete blank under a similarly shaped silver and red helmet. “Go ahead and check on the others inside. I’m sure they’d like to see you about now.”
Steve took another step back. The sound of Steve’s heavy breathing filled the small room. Steve’s ears caught the sharp click of Tony’s shoes as he approached them. He placed a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You all done?” Tony asked.
“Hey kraut!” he yelled at Rumlow. The man slowly turned around, murderous glee written all over his face.
Stane’s eyes stretched wide in shock. He took a few steps back to steady himself before replying in a disbelieving whisper, “What?”
Steve laughed. He could get used to this, if given the chance. The gentle banter, the moments of silence where nothing needed to be said, for those few seconds, Steve felt everything could be perfect. With his handkerchief in hand, Tony brushed the soft material over his own darkened cheek. “You... um… you got something on your face Steve.”
“Make sure Freak brings some rope or those handcuffs with him too,” he absentmindedly said into the radio. “It looks like we’ll be having some unexpected company over for dinner.”
“Oh come on,” Sam egged on. “If calls were free, I’d bet you’d spend hours on end talking his ear off.”
Tony poured two drinks; one water, one whiskey, before splashing some of the clear liquid onto the towel. Steve wrinkled his nose as the sharp scent filled the air. The smell of strong vodka was hard to avoid in such a small office.
Throwing caution to the wind, Tony unwrapped the brown paper bag to reveal a room temperature sausage patty sandwiched inside a once toasted English muffin. An almost unnatural yellow cheese peeked out from beneath the patty and clung to the edges of the sandwich like melted rubber. It wasn’t the most appetizing breakfast, but it was food. Tony would make do. He took a bite and immediately felt a wave of relief wash over him.
The man stuck his hand out. “Captain Steve Rogers of the Howling Commandos,” he said as loud and as awkward as a private on the first day with a new title. “I forgot to introduce myself earlier.”
“Then I’ll deal with it when we get to it," said a stubborn Tony. From here on out, he needed to be strong. No distractions. No running away. No dip worthy men sending him off course. This was his reality now. All that was theory was becoming fact. Whatever needed to be done to reach his goal, whatever responsibility he had to take on, whatever blood had to be spilt on him or spilt by his hand, Tony needed to be ready for that.
Tony tried to shrug it off, but he couldn’t hide the smile on his lips. Steve was really good with the kid even if it was a little awkward seeing his younger self worship the very ground Steve walked upon. It was… nice? Seeing Steve accept Tony despite everything. It gave Tony hope for the future. That, for the first time in his life, he might not fuck up a relationship that meant the world to him. That maybe, one day, if he was super good, his dream could come true. The dream that Tony could finally be Steve’s…
“How the hell am I supposed to know a thing like that?” Tony asked. Steve had called to ask about the Engineer as soon as he could get to the local mom and pop grocery. It was the only place he knew that had a phone.
Steve leaned down. His warm breath brushed the skin of Tony’s ear like a gentle, spring breeze. “Like this?” he asked again. His voice was soft, almost hesitant, as if  he was telling Tony a secret.
“Tony, we tried. We failed. I’m with Happy now, but I’m not going to leave you. If anything, you need me more than ever for this stupid plan of your to work. But we’re not going to be like that Tony. Not again. I can’t do that again. You’re asking for something I can’t give, and I don’t want that to come between us. I know it’s rough right now, and it might be rough for a long time, but I’ll be here for you until the end.”
However, he needed to end it all now, for Steve’s sake as much as his own. Steve was an innocent in all this, and with Pepper finally making some headway in the paperwork department Tony couldn’t take any risks about Steve knowing too much or getting kidnaped and held for information. For the sake of the Iron Family and his company Tony had to focus on the mission and not his feelings.
Tony needed this. It didn’t matter how cold the water was. He needed to stretch. He needed to change. After all, this might be the last time he would be able to do it in open waters.
He spotted the food from that morning in front of the doggy door; still untouched save for the flies buzzing around it, consuming till their little heart’s content.
“And they were before?” Steve didn’t want to deal with this. He really didn’t want to deal with this. He was having an okay day, all things considering, but this shit blew the debacle with War Machine out of the water. Hail Hydra, raisers of hell. What was he to do? What was he to do!
“Here? Are you kidding me?" Tony scoffed. "There is no way they would have bad enough taste to live in a place like this. And even if they did, I would do everything in my power to make sure they didn’t take up residence here. No, we have the good sense to take up residence on Manhattan until they find work. Nothing too fancy, mind you, but anything better than this dump.”
“It means I have a chance a better chance of taking down that idiot than I thought,” Tony muttered with quiet determination as he attempted to fix the broken gauntlet. Tugging at a few wires for a little slack, his mouth began to run with ideas. “If I can successfully bypass the damage that your friend did, I can get off about 1.73 shots for every one of his. Give or take two or three points for human error. Gives me a couple extra seconds to duck out of danger if I can’t disable the arm in one hit. But, given the blast radius-”
Steve groaned in frustration. “Tony! His name is Tony Something. He works as an engineer for you. He gave me a card with his number on it.” The card. Steve quickly dove into his jacket pocket. If he showed them the card, they would have to believe him. He reached into the breast pocket of his jacket, never loosing eye contact with the clerk. With desperate fingers he reached, but nothing was there. His fingers danced around the small space, desperately looking for it.
“Can I say that? I mean, prohibition and all, but a guy’s gotta find a way to kick back and relax, you know? And if you think I’m bad now, you don’t want to even think about when I-”
“Tony tried to tell me to forget about it. Like that will help any. If he tells, fuck, who am I kidding, of course he’s going to tell. Family comes first. Family always comes first.” He hung his head between his legs. “Can’t fucking deal with this right now, Sam. I can’t fucking do this anymore.”
“And here you are, eating up every one of his tricks for attention and it’s just so… Arg! I can’t stand it. I’m so much better than that. And eventually you’re going to get annoyed and hate him and then hate me and then-”
“Nothing,” grumbled Tony, jamming a switch on the suit. A red light flashed on, indicating the built in radio was alive and receiving. Screw radio silence. He was going to get to the bottom of this if it was the last thing he did.
Steve left out a frustrated huff. If he didn’t need his eyes, Steve would be rolling them back to the mainland. “Stop it.”
“I like girls Steve!” he yelled, trying to convince himself more than Steve that it was true. “I always have, and I always will. So just do yourself a favor and forget everything that happened. Please.”
“It’s fine, honeybunch. Just a little bit of a scare,” Tony said. He felt a little breathless, but gave a weak smile and tried to play it off for laughs. From the look on Rhodey’s frown, he clearly wasn’t buying it.
Steve shrugged. “Sure. Tony would argue that the ones in California are sweeter, but Natasha, don’t force him to…”
Steve loved the fact that the room was always changing with the makeshift setup. Some weeks, the wall was hidden by a wall of wood, while other weeks Bucky would find it entertaining to make himself a throne with the empty boxes. Thor often made forts and wasn't that one hell of a month when they tried to conduct meetings. It wasn't a perfect setup, but it worked well enough for their mixed family .
