“Then why?”
The music wasn’t too loud but the voices of the drunk were.
“Yes, it’s terribly difficult to find childcare in my line of work.” Sherlock managed a smile at that. It was both real and fake, for the reassurance of his new client but true, he could hardly expect a babysitter to keep up with his hours, he barely could.
“She hardly meant to be sick on you.” John reminded him as he plopped down in his seat and positioned Maeve on his lap into a sitting position, his hand on her head and arm supporting her spine. She smiled which John returned apparently liking this position.
“I’ll make you a bottle,” Sherlock said and quickly left the room.
“I know that you hate Christmas but this is her first Christmas and it should be-”
“Really?”
“Call Mycroft.” He instructed.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked quickly.
“Why?” John frowned.
“And what about her mother?” Violet asked.
“Use this,” his father used his free hand to pick up one of the smaller plates. It was a simple white china that was cheaper than the rest and for the use of the children.
“She looks interested,” John chuckled as he crouched down in front of the detective.
“He pushed you.” John finished with a small smile. He sighed and caressed Sherlock’s hair, pushing it away from his forehead and the plaster that sat there. “Small mercies.”
“But not her name or that you had custody, that she was ok.”
“The sound of a train or underground, a particular club…” he trailed off with a wave of his hand. “There could be very telling details in the background sound that I may hear in the call.”
“Are you asking me out?” John lowered his voice and edged closer to the taller man.
“He won’t harm her,” Mycroft assured him, though it sounded more like a question then a statement.
“Whatever you fancy,” Sherlock told him.
“It is.” John confirmed.
Howard sputtered, coughing up blood that spattered over the floor and dribbled lazily down his chin as he continued to struggle for breath. Sherlock remained unmoved eyes fixed on Louise and calculating his precise next movements. Maeve was screaming now, Sherlock’s heart panged at the sound of her discomfort now manifesting in her screams of panic. She’d never been left alone for so long when upset, he was attentive to all her needs and would respond immediately to her cries of discomfort.
Mycroft stepped into the living room to find Sherlock resting on the floor with his back against the sofa for support, legs bent and spread to allow room for Maeve. She was strapped into a beige coloured bouncer with a teddy bear on it and matching teddy bears hanging from the arch over her though she was far more interested in his brother’s hand, she was eagerly chewing on the offered digits that were dripping with spit.
“No.”
“He brought her here voluntarily?” Siger asked surprised as he crossed the room to get a good look at his granddaughter as she slept.
The doorbell rang.
Siger looked up as he placed the last plate on the table, his brow furrowing in confusion. Violet smiled as she explained. “Sherlock’s working a case and asked that we look after her.”
“Myc.” A voice called.
Sherlock kissed his landlady on the cheek and ducked into the gap between her and the car door, he slid into the seat behind the passenger seat, beside Maeve. She was still awake in her carseat and squirming in displeasure. He placed the changing bag on the vacant seat beside his daughter and folded his suit jacket over the back of his own seat. John placed the remaining bag in the boot, said farewell to Mrs Hudson and climbed into the driver seat. He took time with his seat belt and twisted to get a good look at Sherlock and Maeve.
Sherlock looked up at him. “John made me promise to stay at least an hour.”
“Come on, it’s adorable.”
“I couldn’t just leave her.”
John left the room. Sherlock was reeling, did John just invite him into bed? The consulting detective manoeuvred himself into the correct position. He fought his way under the blanket while keeping Maeve close to him. John returned with the long maternity pillow Sherlock used when Maeve slept in his bed, the bottle, muslin a smaller blanket for her.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded as though she had actually answered him.
Siger provided, grey eyes hard. “We can’t allow her to live in care, she is a Holmes. That might not mean something to you but it does to us, if you won’t care for her, then we will.”
John nodded in agreement, dabbed some of the clear gel onto his finger and put it in his mouth. He licked away the gel and pulled out his wet finger. “What flavour is it supposed to be?”
“Plenty of time.”
Mrs Hudson frowned and Violet assured her. “She won’t harm Maeve.”
“How are we going to prove it?”
“A price worth paying” Sherlock announced simply.
When he was done he picked up Maeve and his coat, sending a slightly apologetic look to the cat, and pulled it on, shifting Maeve from one arm to the other. He left his scarf untied around his neck and plucked up the baby bag from the table as he left the room, walking down the stairs.
Sherlock nodded. “How were they killed?”
“Do you want me to leave?” Mycroft asked, craning his neck to glance at his brother.
Sherlock, not one to wait in line, ushered John to the front ignoring the shocked looks.
“Stop fussing then.” John snapped, his smile betraying him.
“What are you doing?” John asked.
“Till Sunday.”
They were in the lounge, at the back of the house, Maeve in a bouncy chair reaching up at the small soft toys dangling from the arch. Her mouth open and drool escaping, running down her chin.
“Fine.” Sherlock answered, glad for the darkness.
Sherlock nodded.
“You are, you always are.”
“You’ve just named your daughter.” The consulting detective smiled and stepped closer to his brother, he crouched down and handed him the sleeping baby. Evelyn stirred but didn’t wake. She settled into her father’s arms with a content sigh, small hand curling into a fist beside her face.
Sherlock ran his eyes over his partner and then plopped himself down in his seat.
Mycroft chose not to dwell on the sentiment.
“You expressed as much,” Sally said with a nod.
John picked up a few apples, a bag of crisps, bottled water and peach ice tea.
“I need you to make sure Maeve falls asleep while I talk to them.”
“You went shopping?” John asked as he came into the room, eyebrow raised at the government official.
“Yes, I helped her with a problem a few years back in Florida.”
Violet’s face lit up the moment she saw Sherlock. He strode into the living room with a look of indifference on his face. She got to her feet and stepped towards him. “Sherlock.” She whispered, still in disbelief that he was here and with a child none the less.
Sherlock smiled and leaned forward and kissed him, slowly and thoroughly.
The movement seemed too brash for the still room.
“Don’t be too loud” Sherlock told him.
He changed her and re-dressed her in a new baby-grow, this one grey with clouds printed on it. He then picked her back up, smoothing her soft black hair with light touches, it was short but the ends were already beginning to form curls.
“I realise how ridiculous it sounds now.”
“The police report does say that she was completely unharmed,” Louise managed a smile at that.
“Delighted to see him through,” Greg groused, “enough for her first laugh.”
Sherlock shook his head and scanned over the small crowd in front of the house. He gestured with a wave of his hand at a young officer with neat blonde hair. He looked up and stepped closer to the car, “can I help you Mr Holmes?”
"He must be very good and have the patience of a saint." John continued playfully, completely in doctor mode as he ran his fingers gently over the area around the wound.
Sherlock ran a hand down Maeve’s back, touch ghosting over her body and the soft clothes that she wore, she squirmed against his chest. He looked down at her with a fond smile as she blinked up at him, still groggy from sleep.
“Ouch.” Sherlock said from the ground, stretching out from the ball shape he’d landed in with a loud groan. He looked up at the ceiling in failure.
“Hello.” The ex-army doctor greeted, kneeling down beside the baby so she could get a better look at him. Maeve gurgled and opened her mouth, giving the doctor a good look at her gums. He offered her his finger, which she took, grabbing on and pulling slightly in jumpy movements. “Where is your Daddy?”
“No.” Greg answered getting to his feet. Mycroft followed suit, standing up and brushing invisible dust from his jacket.
A group of girls, dressed for the town, passed him and their mouths dropped at the sight of the man and baby. A chorus of ‘awws’ broke out and they watched him pass.
"Just say it," Sherlock snapped, "you want to say something, just say it."
“Just that I was not to let her out of my sights.” Mycroft told them, instinctively glancing down to check his niece, the blanket moved with each breath and her snores loud enough for him to hear in the relative silence between conversation.
He continued. “And I love you too, even if you are a massive idiot most of the time.”
“They were on the table when I woke up” John informed him.
“Genius,” Sherlock muttered against her scalp, “my daughter is a genius.”
“You’re mine.”
Sherlock frowned and looked down at the sleeping child on his chest. Siger took pity on him and answered, “She’d sleep through a bomb, might as well bring her down where we can watch her.”
“His mother died recently,” Mycroft sighed.
The awkwardness of the moment was broken by John snorting in amusement. “He’d love dinner.”
“So, Johnny we’ve all been catching up,” Murray informed him with a devilish smirk.
Then he slipped out. It wasn’t until he’d tidied some things up and started making his way upstairs that he heard a cry. He paused for a moment but heard Sherlock speaking and continued. He was more than capable of looking after his daughter.
Please, do not forget to comment and tell me what you're thinking. Thank you once again for all your lovely comments and if you haven't already, please have a look at my other fic, Ideal Uncle, which follows the same story from Mycroft's pov.
Maeve seemed to finally notice the elder Holmes brother and began kicking her legs enthusiastically while looking between the brothers, her mouth open in a wide excited smile. Sherlock laughed and assured her, “yes, I know he’s here. I can see him too.”
“So, we’re against the clock.” Sally sounded horrified.
“Did she see you?”
Sherlock gave a curt nod and craned his neck to look at her, Maeve was looking over his shoulder at the plain wall rather uninterested. He moved her away from his body so that she was no longer pressed against him but supported in his strong hands in the air. She blinked rapidly, sapphire eyes flicking around the room.
“And I should bow to your every whim?”
John picked up his tea and drained the cup, not caring that it was cold. “We talked about it, when he started taking” he paused and looked to the ground pointedly, “but it’s hard for him. It’s a part of his past he doesn’t want to relive.”
Violet nodded and Mycroft reached into the pram. He plucked out the sleeping infant, who jerked and immediately began rubbing at her still closed eyes. He pulled her close until her face was resting on his shoulder and body pressed against his chest. She whined.
Sherlock frowned in disbelief. It sounded ridiculous but there was some logic to it. “But the solution will run out and we’ll be left with a screaming baby.”
“He’s a detective of sorts now, isn’t he?” Beatrice asked. “I’ve seen his name in the papers.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Yes, common misconception I’m afraid. I’ve been told I can be quite…focused when painting. Apparently, she misunderstood and thought I was interested in her.”
“Do you always sleep with her in your arms?” Mycroft changed the subject with an amused smirk.
“Why would you do that?” Sherlock asked glancing at Mycroft, mind reeling from the new information.
“Daughter?” She repeated, tone excessively high.
Greg nodded and John started to walk off.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the comment and snarled. “You’ve been talking to my mother.”
Shit. This was not good. His eyes flicked over to the letter on the table. His name standing out in black ink against the off-white envelope.
“No, he isn’t.” He took that as confirmation and brought her close to rest on his chest.
John rolled his eyes and sighed.
“How does it look?” He asked, straightening up.
“Happy Christmas Eve to you too brother,” Sherlock said with little conviction.
“And you’re fine with that?” She asked.
Sherlock was already under her spell and John, well John was long gone as well. He had a sneaky suspicion Mycroft was already taken with the baby, the way he’d gone on about her after going home last night and his morning visit to Baker Street.
“So, you’ve sent her to me.” Sherlock crinkled the butterfly toys wings with his hand. Maeve squealed with excitement and pulled the toy close to her chest and she fidgeted in excitement.
John’s head snapped up, eyeing up the detective. “Her birthday.”
Sherlock was waiting for them on the street. He stood in a dark blue suit, with a clean white shirt with both of his hands on the pram. Maeve was inside, dressed in a pale pink dress and a blanket over her body. She was fast asleep, both hands beside her face, palms facing up. Her lips were parted. He was watching the pram.
He sidestepped his father. Siger rolled his eyes but followed his son as he marched through the house and into the kitchen. Violet’s face lit up at the sight of him, blue eyes warming. She was wearing a pair of jeans with a crisp white shirt tucked in, something casual. Her grey hair was pulled back elegantly, like it always was. Sherlock placed himself on the other side of the counter, leaving a barrier between them. His hands were in his pocket and eyes flicking around, trying to avoid looking at his parents for too long as he remained distant. Siger could have sworn his son looked nervous, something he hadn’t seen in a long time.
"Already?" Sherlock asked, it was still early and John had plenty of time.
Anthea looked back at Maeve, her cheeks were tinted pink and small lips parted, “she looks like him.”
The sound of crying had stopped now, either too far away or completely stopped. There was a bang from upstairs followed by a crash. Mycroft sighed. “It’s like he never left.”
Donovan opened the door.
“What are your plans for the day?” Sherlock asked in a bored tone.
John read for a few hours, alternating between his book and checking his blog, and staring at his partner and daughter. Then, he went to bed leaving the consulting detective with his daughter. Maeve was sleeping soundly in her Moses basket, which was on the floor beside the sofa so that he could watch her.
“Why is it always me?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock nodded and John lifted up the carseat that she occupied. The detective inspector unstrapped and scooped her up, holding her up for a second before bringing her to his chest, holding her bum with one hand and her back with the other. She made no sound but sighed the moment her face met the juncture of his neck. “Just needed a cuddle,” he explained.
“Rewarded?” John asked, eyeing up his friend as they walked.
“How do you think it went?” Sherlock snapped.
Maeve gurgled in response. Her blue eyes flicked to John.
Mycroft Holmes could count on his hands the number of times he’d sat and had tea with company in the living room of his London home, excluding Anthea and his brother on a comedown, that is. Now, the room seemed crowded with the addition of his parents and the sleeping baby beside him. His father had recovered somewhat from the news and was pouring the tea. It was a habit of their mothers traditionally but Clarice was too busy staring in the direction of her son and granddaughter. Her head was resting on her hand and it didn’t take a genius to figure out that her mind was racing with questions and possibilities. Sherlock pushed himself away from the wall.
Siger frowned but nodded. “Twenty.”
“Come on you,” he said to her. “Want to go for a swim with daddy?”
“Yes,” Sherlock cleared his throat. “With my father.”
-I spent Saturday on an all-day bar crawl for charity (in fancy dress)
Greg turned to see John approaching with a freshly bathed Maeve, wearing a cute miniature version of one of Sherlock’s dressing gowns and hair damp against her pale skin. He found himself smiling at the baby, a smile which John knew all too well, he too was smiling fondly at the infant.
“I never thought children were something you had considered.” Violet poured the tea and placed the cup and saucer on the coffee table that was diagonal across the lounge to accommodate the colourful play mat that was on the right side of the sofa.
Sherlock regarded him for a moment. “You met my family at the christening. It will be most of them, but not all, they don’t all partake in the Christmas season like us.”
“You seem really familiar. Have we met before?”
The slight sweat on his forehead and palms suggested as much but the heat contributed to that.
Sherlock snorted. “She refused to go back to sleep after the first feeding.”
Sherlock’s head shot up and eyes narrowed. “No-one apparently.” He informed them.
“Are you?”
“Hi” A woman asked, walking over to them with a large smile. She was college age with dark blonde hair and a pair of large square glasses over her eyes. There was a name tag ‘Emma’ on her dark blue polo shirt, she worked there. She then turned her attention to the baby against the pale man’s chest and her smile widened. “Your baby is gorgeous.”
“And Clara?” John broached.
Sherlock kicked out, successfully knocking over a stack of books with a loud bang and sending a vial tumbling onto the floor. It smashed. Sherlock cursed. They would have heard that from downstairs. Maeve’s eyes widened and Sherlock instinctively focused on his daughter. Her breathing was rapid, her heat beating fast as she released his finger. Sherlock pulled her closer to him so she was nestled between his chest and arm on the mattress. She seemed content after a moment.
“I know you like him.”
“Give her back,” Sherlock said, voice dangerously calm.
Roughly ten minutes later Sherlock reappeared, pausing in the doorway to wait for John and continued once his blonde companion was beside him, speaking to him in a hushed tone with a smile on his face. His eyes flicked to the Detective Inspector and his daughter, and he noticed her interest in the pavement with slight annoyance. He walked over calmly, aware that she was completely oblivious to his approaching.
Sherlock sniffed.
Mycroft stepped into the warm flat. John was sat at his desk wearing a grey cardigan over his blue shirt, he looked up and smiled with a mouth full of homemade biscuits.
“Yes.” Sherlock acknowledged with a roll of his eyes.
“Stop it,” John turned in his seat to fix his partner with a firm look, “she smiled at Mycroft first but, she smiled at you not an hour later.”
Sherlock pocketed his phone and picked up the cup of bitter coffee. He wasn’t interested, the man could be Brad Pitt for all he cared. There was no way he was taking Mycroft’s dating help, it wasn’t going to happen. But he turned slightly and angled his body towards the lift.
There was that silence again.
Maeve slept for forty-five minutes before waking up. She was grizzly.
“Do you need anything?” His father asked.
“Your daddy will be home soon,” he told her, keeping his voice soft.
John perched on the arm of his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. He wasn’t at all convinced. “You’re annoyed because you thought we were having a family night in?”
“Ahh, I came at the right time.” He beamed at the clean but nearly naked baby.
John gave him a look that said 'you're older you should know better' as he wiped his finger clean and threw the dirtied wipe into the nearby bin, then he offered one to Sherlock. He accepted it and dabbed gently at Maeve's face until she was clean, leaving her mouth to last and taking his time to wipe at the small lips until he was satisfied.
“Swimmingly.” He assured her.
Siger was stood at the side, monitoring his wife and the photographer. He turned at the sound of their approach and smiled, “she looks precious.”
“I’m working a case.” He told her, looking at the ground as if ashamed. “John is working and Mycroft busy, I can’t ask Mrs Hudson and it isn’t an option that I take her with me.”
“I didn’t pain last night,” Victor admitted.
“Don’t change the subject.”
Sherlock frowned.
“Let’s not talk about money,” Sherlock suggested.
Enjoy everyone! I will not be updating quite this regularly in the coming months but I will attempt to update as much as possible!
“It’s not an issue, is it?”
Sherlock frowned. “I didn’t hear her.”
“And her sister?” Sherlock asked raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock nodded and repositioned himself in an attempt to get comfortable; he reclined against the arm of the chair and raised his legs, John immediately set the file aside and allowed the consulting detective to put his feet in his lap. His hands closed around his ankles and he stroked them gently with his fingers.
“You trod on her.” John snorted. “Oh god, yeah, she’ll hold a grudge.”
“So there’s stuff that you’ll need of course but Claire had a bag prepared that has everything you’ll need for the first night.” She pulled some leaflets out of her pocket and handed them to him. “These should help, stuff that you’ll need to buy tomorrow and things you definitely need to know and about the arrangements for Claire.”
“That’s me,” John lied. It was better when dealing with a Holmes, to act like a Holmes.
“Mummy will be easier to calm down if I’m holding Evelyn.”
“Not permission…” John responded.
John nodded and then frowned, “but we have lunch with your parents on Sunday.”
“Seems like it but there’s no way to know for certain, we haven’t got a positive ID yet.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes in disbelief, “she’s two months old.”
Mycroft smirked. “Not at all John, enjoy dinner.”
urder in this case.”
“Yeah.” John gave a small nod and rose to his feet. He rocked his body from side to side and hushed Maeve gently, his lips pressed against her hair.
and tumblr: tiffanilocked.
“Sherlock,” he greeted with a fake smile.
The door opened and out climbed Mycroft, leading with his umbrella.
John turned his face on the pillow and opened his eyes to look at the detective and his daughter.
Thirty minutes.
“Sherlock.” His mother scolded. She closed her magazine and fixed him with a look that clearly said ‘do as you’re told’. “Imagine Maeve went missing.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at her slightly and deduced. “You’ve read it.”
And even better news.
John had his arm crossed tightly over his chest but followed his gaze. His heart panged at the sight.
“Attentive?” His father repeated questioningly at the same time his mother repeated.
“And lots of firsts,” Sherlock added.
“You could take her into another room.”
Maeve gurgled.
“You wouldn’t understand.”
“And you are…” the woman asked.
“That’s them now,” Greg announced, spotting the two cars with blacked out windows approaching down the road. They stopped outside the church, one directly in front of the entrance and the other a small space behind it.
Sherlock frowned.
“She must be so scared.”
“The next eight years, maybe more,” he answered quickly with a frown and corrected. “Ten.”
Mycroft nodded in understanding.
“Poison you.” Sherlock urged.
“Do you want to moisturise her or should I?” Sherlock asked, holding up a bottle of expensive looking baby lotion and shaking it from side to side for affect.
Greg caressed his chin.
“I need to question him.” Sherlock declared.
John poked his head into the room and smiled at the sight – Mycroft dressed in a smart three piece smoky grey suit, white shirt and charcoal tie, Sherlock dressed in his usual Spencer Hart suit; a grey suit that was so dark it was practically black, white shirt an no tie, the first two buttons undone. And the pièce de résistance was baby Maeve, dressed in a simple white lace dress that stopped just above her knees, with matching shoes and pants over her nappy.
“I’ll get you a cup right away.”
“You’ll have to make it up to me,” he smirked.
John retrieved the buggy and bag from the boot.
“Spoil sport.” She stuck out her tongue at him playfully and left the room.
“Want company?”
“You have questions.” Sherlock stated, not looking up from the Microscope. Maeve was asleep on his chest, one arm supporting her while the other fiddled with the lenses.
“Piss off.”
“Not quite,” Sherlock admitted.
Louise Weatherly looked taken back by the statement and the blonde watched him with a critical gaze. Michelle corrected, “There are some matters of concern that have been brought to our attention.”
John chipped in, “She loves to explore people and faces. Hands. She loves hands.”
Maeve watched his with an expression of awe, mouth wide open and eyes fixed on him.
John choked on his drink and coughed loudly, drawing the attention of the other guests. He placed his hand over his mouth, taking deep breaths and managed to stop coughing. He focused on Sherlock and wheezed. “What?”
“I wanted to introduce you to your new tenant.” He explained, voice low and deep.
He pulled her close and placed her against his chest. One hand on her bum and the other on her back, her face was tilted upwards and to the side, so that she could see him. He craned his own neck so that he could watch her. “You’re perfect. I love you.”
“Then why are we having this conversation?”
“It is imperative that I have all the facts.” Sherlock argued, his icy glare landing on John.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, confused. “What?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “obviously.”
Mycroft smirked and left, retreating down the stairs. Sherlock waited until the front door slammed shut then raised an eyebrow at his daughter, “you did that on purpose, you little terror.”
“I have far too many people to worry about already.” Mycroft sighed, closed the file and looked down at Maeve. She looked up at him, flashing him a half smile. He couldn’t help but smile in response.
If you celebrate or not, I hope you've had an amazing time over the past couple of days.
“You could be.”
“No, but she inherits it from you,” Mycroft sighed, continuing to smile at her with no response.
“Are you all ready?” Sherlock asked his daughter. He looked down at her on the changing table, she was dressed in a white baby grow with what he assumed was a pink cat wearing a tiara on the front with matching pink trousers and a hat with white polka dots. Her white Gucci coat buttoned up over the top and warm booties covering her tiny feet. “You and I are going to go for a walk.”
“I am” he nodded, “but we’re working on a couple of active cases, nothing high-profile and I thought I’d pick up the case files.”
“Got your location?”
“Every moment with you is perfect.” Mycroft blurted out.
“You’re disgustingly happy,” Sherlock grumbled as he strode into Mycroft’s office.
“She planned the whole thing.” He grumbled.
Mycroft nodded and looked once more at his brother. The younger Holmes was pulling off his oxygen mask, face angled towards Mycroft and eyes struggling to focus through the shock and pain. “Maeve…”
“Foods ready,” Greg informed him as he picked up the bowl of chicken pasta soup in the microwave with a towel wrapped around it and placed it on the (surprisingly clean) table.
Lestrade's face dropped and his eyes flicked between Sally and John, searching for answers.
“Mr Holmes.” He nodded.
Anthea packed away her laptop away and rose to her feet. “I’ll return to the office.”
“She’s just like you were, eager to move around. Never quite,” Sherlock stared at him, “satisfied when sitting around. I guess that’s part of the reason you’re so good at your job.”
Sherlock nodded and Alex walked around the table. She took Maeve out of his hands and placed her against her chest, just as she’d seen him and Mycroft do. Maeve blinked for a moment in confusion but rested her head against the fourteen year olds collar bone, blue eyes flicking up.
“Is there anything in particular that you wanted for dinner?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock nodded and added, “I need to settle her down first.”
It was a regular sized sky blue house with a white door in a row of similarly light painted house, whites, pinks and yellows. John smiled, squeezed his knee over the carseat between them and climbed out of the cab. Sherlock took a steadying breath and looked down at his daughter, she was awake and clearly not happy about it. Her lip jutted out and her forehead was creased.
“Perhaps you can show John her new trick?” Mycroft suggested.
“No, it’s fine. I’ll just suffer through this mind numbing boredom.” Sherlock flashed a large grin.
“Doesn’t it always,” Sherlock smirked.
The grey haired man unstrapped her from the chair and scooped her up, choosing the position that Sherlock often favoured, arranging her on his chest so that her breath touched his neck. He watched her in fascination, glancing at an amused looking Mycroft, “she could sleep for England.”
“Really, brother mine?” He asked in a weary tone.
“Shall we talk about…Papa? Or Dickens? Or Bees? What do you think?” Maeve didn’t answer. “Well, Papa’s at work, no doubt curing the world of snotty noses and writing sick notes.” He sniffed. “Bleak House is arguably the most profound of Dickens work and well, the bees must be saved at all costs, they are dreadfully interesting and incredibly intelligent. We would not be alive if not for the bees.”
Mycroft and Greg have Maeve for the day.
A customary knock on the door followed by voices signalled the arrival of their client. John remained on his feet, ready to greet them while Sherlock stared at the door, eagerly awaiting the next case. There were footsteps and the client appeared in the doorway, he was tall and pale with dark hair that glowed with a reddish tinge in the sunlight, which filtered through the windows. He was dressed in a grey suit with a white shirt and thin black tie. His grey eyes flicked over the flat, John and the baby on the floor, he smiled and then finally looked at Sherlock. “Sherlock.” He greeted in a fond tone.
“You are my brother,” Sherlock sniffed. “Familial obligations and well,” he sighed, and levelled his brother with a look, eyes twinkling with emotion, “nobody should be alone at a time like this, I’ve taken the liberty of bringing Rosie’s old car seat for you, it should suffice until you get your own.”
“He always was like this with new toys” he told the room before returning his full attention to his younger brother. “I just came to visit my niece.”
“Thank you.”
“We’re having a shower.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and slipped to his feet, he picked up Maeve.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes slightly.
“I was unable to stand. I couldn’t think.” He hissed and repeated firmly. “I couldn’t think.”
Sherlock cut him off, “when we were ill.”
Sherlock nodded in understanding.
Sherlock slid out of the car and turned back just as John passed him the car seat that occupied their sleeping daughter. He grabbed the car seat and held it steadily at his side.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock said, frowning as though it were the most obvious thing in the world.
Sherlock walked into the shop with such purpose that Siger struggled to keep up. He told the woman his name and moments later they were sat at their own table in the loud shop. In front of them were some plain white plates and mugs that they were going to paint, apparently.
Sherlock had Maeve strapped into her papoose. The changing bag hooked over his shoulder, he wore no coat, only his usual pristine suit and white shirt. He had one hand over her head, keeping her close to his body. His mother walked in line with him, her two steps equal to one of his, and she watched her son and granddaughter, keeping only a weathered eye on the pathway ahead.
“Sir” a female voice called and there were footsteps, more than one set, possibly three…or four.
Mycroft levelled her with a serious look. “That’s exactly what I mean.”
“It’s cute Sherlock.”
“Mummy will come and find you.” Mycroft scooped up his niece and stood up.
Maeve sighed.
“He’s lucky somebody found him when they did.” Sally answered.
Sherlock strode off in the direction of the grotto and Siger couldn’t help but smile, some things would never change.
Silvia returned the smile. “And how’s Maeve?”
“They’re perfect.”
Mycroft continued, “Surprisingly they are not entirely convinced that a free-lance detective and former drug addict is caring for a baby.”
“You could have just said.” John told him. “Of course I’m yours.”
Evelyn whined in the Moses basket beside him. Mycroft’s head jerked to the side before he could stop himself. His practised manner was all but lost. He knew his family had noticed but chose to ignore it in favour of checking over his daughter; his eyes flicked over her form. She was still asleep but on the cusp of waking.
“That’s…quite genius. Nobody notices the homeless.”
“She’s withdrawn. Anxious”
Sherlock appeared in the doorway wearing nothing but his beige dressing gown, skin clammy from the steam in the bathroom and face freshly shaven. His hair was pushed back and beginning to curl.
“Someone is excited to be here,” Greg said with a pointed look at the infant.
“She was abandoned.” His father snapped.
Sherlock watched John's retreating form for a moment before he sighed to himself and looked down at Maeve, he asked her "what are we going to do now?"
“You told them.” Sherlock was stunned.
“They’re down the hall,” Greg answered.
Maeve frowned. Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed, he picked up some bubbles and placed them on her small round tummy. She looked down at the bubbles and grabbed at them with her small hands, the bubbles squishing between her fingers and popping, she watched in wonder.
“Jim.” He warned.
Sherlock nodded and gave John a look.
“They moved her to the delivery room ten minutes ago. But I’m not family, they won’t tell me anything else.” She admitted, looking down at her phone as she did so.
John could see she was trying. “Yes, I do, she is extremely happy.”
Sherlock frowned and pretended to be reading his emails.
Sherlock nodded again.
“And when you’ve got the location?”
“Isn’t that what people do?” Mycroft asked, knowing the answer, “Talk?”
Sherlock managed a small nod of confirmation. “There was an aspect of arrangement at the scene.”
“She’s been crying since she woke up five minutes ago.”
“You’re guessing.” John observed, amused and wiggling slightly in the detectives grasp.
Greg nodded, quick and solemn.
“Do you have any evidence?”
She nodded and went back to the case file in front of her. Mycroft watched his brother closely and Greg smiled at him. Violet bustled into the room with a tray. She placed it on the table.
“The footprints could be mine.” Victor challenged.
“I believe” Sherlock started, clearing his throat and cradling the baby to his chest a little tighter when she released a gentle whine of discomfort. “I believe that I may have done something….imprudent.”
“For you?” Anderson stuttered.
Harry was silent. She fiddled with her sleeve. “Fine.”
Maeve was absolutely absorbed in her own world, kicking her legs out in short fast movements that jiggled the wooden high-chair that the hotel had provided. Her hands were fiddling with the small plastic toys on the tray in front of her and she babbled in a steady, melodic way that almost imitated singing. It was beautiful and loud. There were a few people at the table glancing in disapproval but they were stopped short by his mother or father meeting their gaze and starting a new, rather dull conversation. He knew that they were doing it to stop a scene, to protect the gala from him but he appreciated the gesture even if he had deduced some scandalous ammunition. Maeve’s shriek signalled her impatience at not being fed quicker. Sherlock shot her a feign scandalised look, the corner of his mouth turning up in amusement as he scooped up some food, or as John called it, mush. It was a savoury mixture of sweet potato and carrot that she seemed to enjoy. He offered her some and watched as she swallowed the end of the yellow spoon eagerly. He pulled out the spoon sans food glad that he’d chosen a bib with sleeves to protect her outfit from the orange mush.
Mycroft frowned into his tea. He knew about Sherlock’s visit two days ago but hadn’t the chance to see his younger brother or his parents since. He put his cup back in the saucer and placed it on the table in front of him, keeping one leg crossed elegantly over the other. “In my defence, it was Sherlock’s place to tell you. I did offer but he insisted on informing you himself.”
“I suppose I could arrange the clothes into piles for you in order of necessity.
“Yes, so what shall we get your uncle Mycroft? I doubt it will be a surprise.” He said with a pointed look at the CCTV camera above him. He himself doubted that Mycroft would be watching him but according to Sherlock, it was entirely possible.
“I don’t slink.” He enunciated.
“It doesn’t mean anything,” John went on, stepping further into the living room, and closer to his partner and his young ‘prodigy’; as Sherlock had started to refer to her, he saw Sherlock’s grip on her shift but not tighten as he spoke, “so she smiled at Mycroft first.”
Howard looked shocked. “Louise, this is a baby we’re talking about.”
He was rather fond of the grey outfit and matching hat that she wore today.
“Which records?”
“Experiment.” His parents finished in tandem.
“And the next time?”
“We’ll spend some time in the country,” Mycroft thought aloud.
“I thought it best not to involve her in my work.” Sherlock frowned and sighed, confessing. “She has been restless and John, my companion, is attempting to get her to sleep.”
“I’m aware.”
Sherlock stepped into his mother’s house, his father peaked his head through the kitchen door in greeting and quickly disappeared again. He stopped and wrestled the coat from her small body revealing a costume that, in Sherlock’s opinion, outweighed the others. This costume was a bee outfit that fit over the top of her black baby grow covering her torso and head with a hood. There were even wings that stuck to the back once her coat had been taken off.
Mycroft wouldn’t last the night with Evelyn without these supplies.
“No,” Sherlock came to a halt. His tone was serious.
“She’ll come with us.”
“We’ll then isolate the background noise digitally and enhance it,” Anthea added.
“Not here.” The consulting detective said softly, “I’ll sleep when we’re home.”
“I met Mycroft at the hospital.”
Mycroft turned to Anthea who nodded, already tapping away on her phone. “Done.”
“She slept the entire journey.”
“Does she sleep in a nursery or with you?” Silvia pressed for more information.
“And you have ours,” Siger told him.
Mycroft stood up from the table to retrieve another brandy, John and his father had cleared the table and were taking things into the kitchen to help his mother. Sherlock stood up, straightening out his suit jacket and went to leave the room.
Andrews stepped out of the kitchen and looked up at Sherlock. His eyes widened in something closely resembling shock and worry but quickly settled into relief. He nodded politely and walked down the hallway towards the back of the house. The consulting detective watched him and stepped down onto the floor. He proceeded towards the kitchen and paused in the doorway.
“Then perhaps you could listen for once.”
His daughter sneezed, successfully waking herself up and shocking him in the process. He bit his lip to stop from laughing at her and watched as she blinked sleepily, blue eyes cloudy. “Bless you.”
Sherlock took some time placing the sleeping infant in her basket, positioning her on her back and making sure that she was completely settled before sitting down, stormy eyes fixed on the even breaths of his daughter. Greg took the seat opposite him, placing his own warmed bowl of soup on the table and a plate with lightly toasted homemade bread.
“It’s a very nice photograph,” John observed.
“She is the ultimate excuse.” Sherlock reminded him.
“God” his father exhaled “one grandchild was a big enough shock.”
“Sentiment.” Sherlock mumbled with some distaste.
It was cold. Sherlock was wrapped in his coat, the thick heavy coat and warm scarf. John needed a new winter coat, his jacket was doing little to keep the breeze out. The wind seemed to slip straight through the coat, jumper and shirt. Maeve looked toasty. Wrapped in a designer cream coat, hat, gloves and booties with a blanket covering her. She was dozing. Her face pink and nose glowing red.
“Are you sure you’re ok?”
There was a text message.
Sherlock took a ragged breath and blinked hard.
“He called after he found out, he was devastated. He was going thinking about asking her to move in with him, it was quick but they just worked, the poor boy, he doesn’t have any other family.” Carol told Sherlock, eyes filled with sadness.
“But you seemed so…”
“Yes, go you git.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and craned his neck to look at John, looking down at the blonde. “She will sleep for half an hour.” Sherlock repeated.
“She’ll get bored of you,” John warned.
“He’s hardly a boy anymore.”
“Yes, we have, I’m not saying that we should have children, or that I even want them, I have children, beautiful children.” Greg told him, “I was just wondering if it was something that you’d thought about.”
“You forgot your phone” the corners of his mouth tugged up, amused by the sight of the blonde and his army friends.
“We have eye-witness accounts,” Anderson suggested.
“She’s a lot bigger now.” Chloe said.
Greg rapped his knuckles on the door.
“Finally you see.”
Harold nodded and led Silvia with a hand on her lower back.
Sherlock didn’t answer. Instead he carried on until he reached his room. It was the same one he used as a child. The walls were pale yellow and against the left wall was a large double bed, next to that was a new coat. The bed was freshly made with a pale yellow and white cover. There was a small white seat at the end of the bed and white furniture against the opposite wall. The windows were floor-length and opened onto a small balcony with metal furniture on it. There were potted plants in each corner with red flowers. Sherlock placed the car seat and bag onto the seat at the end of the bed and made quick of opening the doors. The result was instantaneous, a cool breeze entered the stuffy room.
“Both,” Sherlock answered.
“I managed to distract them long enough until she cried” Sherlock managed a weak smile as Maeve sucked on his pale neck, spittle dripping down his neck and pooling in the dip in the middle of his collar bone, the Suprasternal Notch. Siger handed him a muslin from the bag he carried in the room with him and the consulting detective dabbed at the wetness, continuing in a softer tone and talking directly to Maeve this time, “but Daddy made sure they couldn’t get to you.”
“He has used that adjective to describe me on various occasions.” The consulting detective admitted.
“And difficulties, I’m sure.” She sipped her champagne.
"I'm not" she defended weakly, "it's just..."
There was only two option. He could excuse himself or wait until he snapped.
The suspect was still in the small diner nursing a cup of coffee that had long gone cold. He was dressed down but the angle of his back suggested that he was not only used to dressing better but also did not frequent diners such as this. His shoulders were slumped and the black hat he wore served to give him a discreet look or so he thought.  It only served to make him more obvious. But he was small fish and Sherlock was looking for a shark. A hired killer that used an encrypted to a website to offer out his services. He was hardly a professional but it would suit better to get a murderer off the streets before the holidays.
“I’m pregnant,” Claire repeated, raising her voice a little louder than before, but making sure to keep her tone low enough that she didn’t disturb the people sat around them.
“It’s a rather delicate matter,” Mycroft answered with a small fake smile.
“The monitor is on.”
“Is John working today?”
He stepped around the table so that he was closer to her. “I should clean it now, that’s what John would do.”
“What?”
“You sure?” John asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Where the bloody hell did you disappeared to?” John asked when he got out of the cab.
John placed his cup on the table and lent back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest. “He needs help.”
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, “Angelo was housebreaking at the time of the murder.”
“Thank you for coming over.” John smiled.
The baby had taken over his life already.
Sherlock didn’t lean forward for more and search for his lips, instead he looked down at Maeve and took the bottle from her mouth, giving her a break before offering it to her again. She turned her head away.
“Celine.”
“Oh, come on,” John frowned, “it’s cute.”
“A fond friendship then.” Harold said with a smile.
He placed the muslin back in the bag and placed his free hand on her head, cradling her closer than he thought possible and resting his lips on the top of her head. “Come on darling.”
“When did he take it?” John asked, brows furrowed in confusion.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft warned.
Sherlock voiced, “She has my full attention.”
“I like it” John admitted, pushing himself up from the sofa and making his way into the kitchen. “It’s very pretty.”
“They waited,” Sherlock nodded, “outside, alone.”
“You won’t remember her but she wanted you more than anything. You were everything to her. Just because she’s not here now doesn’t mean that she loves you less. She still loves you wherever you or she is. She’ll always love you, I won’t claim the same we barely know one another but I will never leave you, not out of choice. I’ll always be here for you. That is my promise to you. My vow, my brother made a vow like this before, he did his best to keep it and I shall too.”
“Come on.” Edmund chuckled.
Mycroft offered a tight smile. “Don’t worry gentlemen, she won’t be taking your jobs today.”
“You’ll never get away with this now” the consulting detective informed them “my partners on his way home with a friend of mine, Detective Inspector Lestrade. They’ll be home any moment.”
“I’ll come over when we’ve finished processing the scene.” Greg told him.
“If you’ll have me.”
“Concerned?” Sherlock supplied. “Disturbed by the thought of me raising a child.”
“Fine,” John said with a smile.
Stupid. He already knew the answer.
“It’s quite, well the thing is,” Victor scratched the back of his head awkwardly. “I have a taste for-”
“So let me get this straight.” John put down the sandwich he was attempting to each. “He just set the curtains on fire.”
“I’m sorry Sherlock but you’ll have to make other arrangements.”
Maeve continued to cry, not as loud but still distressed. He heaved himself up and went over to the changing table, placing her down on it. He unbuttoned the sleepsuit. She whined, a particularly loud sound escaping her lips. “Shhh, don’t be so silly. I know. I know.”
“She can’t speak.”
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock glared down at his daughter. Maeve gazed up at Sherlock, blue eyes wide and completely focused on his face. Mycroft chuckled softly behind him in amusement and the consulting detective looked over his shoulder to glare at the older man before turning back to Maeve, forcefully softening his expression.
“Hey you,” John greeted.
“Yes, it appears so.” Mycroft nodded.
“No reason to be embarrassed.” John announced, soft smirk forming on his thin lips.
“Nah,” John answered, knowing it was exactly what the consulting detective wanted to hear. “She’s no bother. I’ve only got one more chapter.”
“He was, wasn’t he?”
Greg opened his arm and allowed Mycroft to step into the gap, slotting their bodies together.
Sherlock shook his head and took a step back, “No, it’s fine. I need to check my emails.”
“She does this every time.” Sherlock sighed.
Sherlock frowned at his mother. “Make sure to keep her out of direct sunlight, she has sun cream on and there’s a hat in the bottom of the pram. Her eyes are sensitive.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened at his brother words, shocking but true. He wasn’t the fatherly type and his mother was a simple fuck in a dirty alleyway, but his daughter was not the result of that. He glanced at Greg who tried to hide it but was obviously thinking the same as Mycroft, then John who just smiled. A supportive friendly smile.
“Better than you I’d wager.” John smirked.
“Twenty-three days.” Sherlock answered. “A girl, Maeve.”
Mrs Hudson bounced up the stairs and into the flat looking disturbed. “Is there anything I can do?”
“It was a slow day, Sarah sent me home early, told me to give Maeve this.” He produced a small teddy from behind his back, it was a blue dolphin that fit perfectly inside his palm. “She’s going to pop round tomorrow and give Maeve the once over.”
“I know, would you like to hold her?” Sherlock asked. Molly’s face lit up. She obviously loved children.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and corrected. “I didn’t want to worry you.”
“It’s also why you enjoyed your time in Afghanistan,”
“Yes,” John said slowly.
Sherlock said nothing.
“Did you purchase the dress I suggested?” Mycroft asked.
“Positive.” He made a move to leave.
Sherlock huffed an irritated breath, “she needed to go down half an hour ago.”
Greg nodded and pursed his lips. He stood up at the sight of John’s parents behind him, hovering in the doorway. John stepped inside and stood towards the side of the sofa, his parents came in and looked over the flat. Greg cleared his throat and extended his hand. “You must be John’s parents. I’m Greg.”
“What are your intentions?” Mycroft asked, eyes fixed on the younger Holmes and his even younger daughter. Sherlock grunted in reply, not dignifying his brother with an answer. Mycroft sighed but continued, these matters were very time delicate. “Sherlock, I know this is a very big decision for you but you have to decide. Either she stays with you or Mummy and Father can look after her.”
“Dark wood furnishing, purple, a chair for nursing and anything else recommended.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the pram. Maeve was fast sleep on her back with her mouth parted and breathing even. He dressed her in a white dress with a puffy blue skirt with white flowers sewn across the bottom in a pretty pattern, there were matching knickers that he’d put on her underneath a pair of white leggings and white cardigan. She had on little white booties, gloves and a hat to keep her warm, a white blanket with a bee pattern tucked around her small body.
“No, but you two are my boys, that will never change.”
“May I?” the nurse asked, gesturing to the sleeping baby.
“Yes, but this one will be a very expensive tux.”
“Do you?” John deflected.
“I am unable to see into the future John.” Sherlock said simply, turning his face to look at the blonde.
“She’ll stay with us,” Sherlock told him.
“Well, come inside.” Harold instructed with a small smile of pride and surprise, moving towards the pram.
“Well…” Sherlock managed, unsure. John was always telling him about modesty.
“You had a crush on me too, once upon a time.” John reminded him, glancing up and smirking.
“No, it’s not a bad thing.” John clarified, resting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder for a moment. “It’s nice, I know you’re human I’m just not used to seeing it quite this often.”
“Yes, it’s all dreadfully interesting. Shall we go for a walk?” Maeve babbled. “Yes.”
Mycroft felt sick. He inhaled deeply and swallowed the feeling down.
“You’re more than capable,” Sherlock cleared his throat and reached for the coat on the door.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and purposely didn’t answer, instead he kissed the top of his daughter’s head.
Maeve released a high-pitched wail the moment the first needle pierced her skin and began crying hysterically as Sherlock watched on unable to help her. His heart panged at the sound and sight of his daughter, her skin flushed a warm red and tears beginning to stream from her eyes, she looked up at him, hurt and confused. The nurse had already wiped and placed a plaster on the injection site, pausing only to check the next vaccine before placing the needle into the baby’s thigh again, above the plaster. Maeve screamed louder and continued to during the next two injections.
“Snow.”
Greg craned his neck to look at Sherlock, the consulting detective was lent against the door frame wearing a beige dressing gown that matched Maeve’s and a towel throw over his shoulder.
“I like it when she smiles at me,” Sherlock admitted sounding embarrassed, his cheeks turning a delicious shade of pink, “at something that I’ve done, at my smiling at her.”
“You know what this means,” John started, entirely too serious, “she must like me more than you.”
Sherlock seemed to curl inwards on himself slightly.
John managed a smile at that, eyes flicking to her. “A private security system?”
, he thought to himself. He risked looking up at the sky despite knowing there was no reason to, nothing there either.
“It’s not healthy…” she began.
“She’s fine” John reassured him, grabbing his hand and attempting to guide the mask back onto his mouth.
Sherlock and John go to New Scotland Yard to finalize the details of the case and his stabbing, John calls himself 'Papa' and they talk about it over dinner. Mycroft has to cancel his Wednesday visit.
“Snob.”
There was more to consider than the bedroom. There was baby-proofing, his manor house was hardly the ideal home for a baby. There was a suit of armour in the dining room that would need to be moved or made safe, somehow. There were companies that did that kind of thing. He’d have to do this house too. Two houses, double responsibility. There was work to think about. He couldn’t continue how he was, working day and night, not with a child dependant on him.
“Hmmm” Sherlock hummed.
Sherlock nodded towards wall of sweets behind them.
“She should be waking any moment but woke early from her last sleep, she’ll soon wake up when it’s time for her bottle.” Sherlock told him, rising to the challenge while emphasising that she was not exactly accommodating.
“They arrested you.”
“Does Sherlock know about this?” He asked as John crouched down beside the child. Mycroft turned her onto her back to look up at the arches above her with toys hanging down, the army doctor handed her to dolphin which she accepted with a growl like sound shoving it into her mouth with no hesitation.
“You seem rather cheerful.” John observed, surprised as he placed his book onto the table.
“For his afternoon visit with Maeve” he corrected.
“You have to dress up.”
“There’s a heatwave.”
“I’ll take that as your agreement. If you break this agreement I reserve the right to wake you up at all hours.”
“Hello.” Greg smiled wildly at him. His eyes flicked over the tall man before fixing on the infant. She was dozing off against his torso, cradled in his arms in a loose but protective hold.
The blonde smiled fondly and kiss him chastely on the lips, “you are a very lovely man.”
“You do not have to justify yourself to me” Siger told him with a small smile.
“And you were working on this last night?” John asked.
“God, that’s sick.” John shook his head. Sherlock merely raised an eyebrow as he continued to stare at the information in front of him and the blonde prepared himself to feed the baby, placing the muslin over his shoulder and taking the lid off of the bottle. He gestured to Greg and the Detective inspector lifted Maeve up so the blonde could hold her in one arm and feed her with the other.
Violet looked confused for a moment then realisation dawned on her, her eyes twinkled. “You want me to take care of her?”
“Thank you.” Sherlock said, he kissed John quickly and then did the same to Maeve, gently kissing her forehead as she slept.
“If you harm her in any way…” Sherlock began, voice threatening but slurring slightly.
“Find something.”
“Wrong” Sherlock declared, quietly. He was holding the baby in his arms, now rocking his gently from side to side. The white of her baby grow contrasting his dark grey coat.
Sherlock frowned and John went back to reading the novel, keeping his voice low and only stopping when Maeve was beginning to fight off sleep. Sherlock commanded him, “don’t stop.”
“What happened next?”
In truth, Sherlock was already bored. His mother seemed to thrive for perfect in planning events and loved the involvement of the whole family, Sherlock abhorred it. All the event his mother threw we dreadfully boring and she forgot the important details, like the future godmother and father of his daughter. There were only two obvious choices for Godparents, people that were not family but would become an important part of Maeve’s life as she grew up.
“He?” Sherlock asked.
“Time for a break.” The red headed photographer, Kelly, announced.
“Better.” He said with a slight frown.
“Time to get Miss Muffet dressed,” John guessed.
“This is amazing.” John blurted out. “Wow.”
“Sherlock.” She smiled at him as she noticed Maeve.
“I must admit, we know very little about her, didn’t even know she existed until…yesterday, when John called.” Silvia said with no real bite, only vague annoyance and upset.
“I’ll be more careful this time,” he told her, placing a lingering kiss to her forehead “I promise, Daddy promises.”
“Are you coming to bed?” John asked.
“Of course.” Sherlock opened and reached into the bag, producing a bottle of water and milk powder. He quickly and efficiently made the milk, shook it and handed it to the woman. She reassured with a smile. “I have two younger sisters, I know how to heat milk.”
“She is very fragile and requires twenty-four hour care.” Sherlock said simply.
“We’re here to see Sherlock.” Violet told him with a small smile.
Sherlock found himself glancing at his daughter more than occasionally, eyes flicking to the infant to check that she was still asleep and not in any discomfort. He could tell by his hand resting on her torso that her breathing was even and unlaboured, and hear each tiny breath.
Sherlock snorted, “When has that ever stopped you?”
“No, she’s just trying to get a rise from you.”
It was fascinating how much Maeve had grown in the space of four months. One Hundred and Thirty days to be exact. She was bigger, a few sizes, her skin less red and pale, like his own. Her hair, once thin, was thicker and curling at the end, the longest strands reaching a centimetre and a half down her forehead, or would if the strands weren’t curly. Her cheeks were round and rosy, and her eyes still a vivid blue, not yet settled into their natural colour, though he had no doubt they would match his own, it was obvious.
“You didn’t know.” Sally was sceptical.
John’s money was on the former.
“Manipulative,” he muttered.
“Shocking.” Sherlock feigned the emotion.
“Fingerprints.”
Mycroft offered a lighter and he lent forward to ignite it.
“The cut is deep.” John observed. “Maximum four minutes.”
“And you’re sure that he’s a sadist?” Greg asked, eyes fixed on the road.
“I hate you.” Greg stepped around him towards the car.
“Dearly beloved,” the priest began with a warm tone that reverberated off of the cold stone walls, his dark eyes hovering over Sherlock for a moment before flicking over the crowd generously. “We are honoured with the privilege of being present here today to witness and support in faith the christening of Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes; the daughter of William Sherlock Scott Holmes, born into this world on May 2
Mrs Innes nodded and started sobbing. Mr Innes rubbed her hand gently and answered. “They told us that it depends on the time and the faster we get the ransom the more likely we are to get him back.” He left out ‘alive’.
Sherlock took a breath before pushing the door and stepping into the room. Mycroft and John both looked up at him while Maeve’s eyes flicked around fiercely. He took pity on her and moved close enough to his brother so that she could see him, not clearly but still there. She released a growl like sound and reached her arms up towards him, or tried to but one arm dropped and hit her in the face. There was a split second when Sherlock’s heart stopped beating before her eyes filled with tears and she began crying.
The café was only a couple of streets away and luckily not too crowded as he approached. He could see Harry in the window, but she was focused on her hands.
John rolled his eyes at the brothers as he took a seat between them, placing the pram between him and Sherlock so that he had an eye on his sleeping daughter. She shifted slightly but remained asleep.
Sherlock picked up his fork and stabbed at his piece of lamb.
“Are you going to tell me about it or just leave me in suspense?” John asked.
I didn't realise how short this chapter was until just now. I'm sorry. I promise the next chapter ill be longer and we'll meet an old friend...Victor Trevor.
“How did you- never mind.” John stopped himself.
“A few months.” She shook her head in disbelief. “But you, you’ve had a baby.”
I go on holiday tomorrow for two weeks, so no updates. I will update as quickly as possible upon my return, which may or may not be quick, we'll have to wait and see but i promise not to keep you guys waiting too long.
“I don’t know what to do.” John admitted.
Sherlock finished. “Asleep, I fed her twenty minutes ago.”
“Did she sleep in the Moses basket?” John asked frowning at the cat hairs at the end. He scooped Maeve up and placed her firmly against his chest as she yawned and woke up slowly.
Harold and Silvia exchanged a look.
The front door opened and closed, and was followed by hurried footsteps on the stairs. Greg appeared in the doorway looking rather flustered and slightly out of breath, his eyes darted over John and Maeve, then settled on Sherlock. “The…”
Thank you for your patience.
Maeve’s tummy rumbled dramatically and she whined.
“Could I hold her?” His father cleared his throat.
Sherlock smirked.
“The children are eager to see you.” He told her.
“Captain.” He greeted with a small smile.
"That's better" John declared.
“Well, she’s eighty-eight days old, twelve weeks.” Sherlock told her softly. “We had her christened at the beginning of the month due to my mother’s insistence, her full name is Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes, and she is a very curious being.”
“I’m also dating his brother.” Greg added with a small smile. He shook Harold and Silvia’s hand.
Mycroft released involuntarily, leaning closer to the camera.
“It’s been lovely having you,” John said as he hugged his dad.
Edward noticed but he did not comment.
The appointment wasn’t exactly an appointment. But it was time specific.
“Your coffee, sir.” The barista announced her return. She placed the mug on the table and took a step back with a smile. “Can I get you anything else?”
It was a vague answer but more than John had been expecting. “I’m sure you got plenty of work done with her in tow.”
Sherlock is a daddy, well obviously but he's beginning to act like it more and more.
The ex-army doctor nodded, “she’s getting all worked up.”
“You, a self-proclaimed ‘high functioning sociopath’ couldn’t leave a baby on a doorstep, couldn’t let your brother or parents take her,” he kept his voice low, eyes flicking to the Moses basket. “You took her in, yes you were scared, we both were but you took her in, you gave her a chance, you’re giving her everything.”
“But I’m calling, I didn’t text.”
“Why wouldn’t I include you?” Sherlock seemed even more confused, narrowing his eyes critically at his partner.
“A full name Sherlock.” John clarified.
Sherlock hummed. Maeve gurgled around his finger. He pulled his finger out of her mouth and plucked the pink teething ring out from the ice, wiping one end on his shirt, before offering it to her. She eyed it suspiciously. Sherlock sighed and placed it to her lips, she opened her mouth slightly.
“Time to wake up sweetheart, your lunch is going cold.”
“Prick.” The blonde muttered beneath his breath.
“Of course you do. Greg wants to come over and get your statement.”
” Jim answered, “
“It’s not an exact science.”
John considered it. “I don’t know.”
Maeve hiccupped but didn’t stop crying.
Note for the chapter:
“The case?” The consulting detective pushed himself up with one hand to leave against the headboard, supressing a wince as his stitches pulled uncomfortably and he kept his gaze on Maeve.
“Git.” John said, looking down.
Please be kind with this chapter, i already know that it sucks.
“Want me to take her?” John asked.
Sherlock sighed and rolled onto his back, successfully rolling onto the blonde’s legs.
Silvia nodded. “Yes, I suppose.”
Sherlock returned the smile, "there's a fault in his pacemaker which brought on the heart attack, check with the manufacturers, there may be more like this."
John repeated, unsure.
“That’s true.” John nodded. “Are you going to put her down?”
She was wearing a simple pair of light grey, almost white, trousers with bees on and a matching top that said ‘the bee’s knees’. An outfit John had brought but Sherlock wholeheartedly approved of.
Anthea continued to unpack the bag onto the table. “Well, we already knew that.”
“Lost a day -”
“Where are you going?” John asked, voice threatening to crack into laughter.
Sherlock shrugged and turned his body to face the two men and baby completely. “We hope that she learns not to do so in the future.”
“Yes.” Mycroft confirmed.
“Sherlock,” Harold started, “John told me you were introduced by mutual friend.”
John’s hand squeezed his knee harder.
“Everything ok?” John asked, trying and failing to keep the amused grin from his face.
John, much to Sherlock’s annoyance, was thrilled to see the consulting detective eating even if it was interrupted by Maeve’s lunch. It was only a steak and rocket baguette with some crisps and side salad but the consulting detective was prone to eating less than a meal a day, so seeing him eat lunch, with a dinner later during the gala, pleased John immensely. He didn’t say anything when Sherlock nicked a chip from his plate, he just raised an eyebrow.
“Right, well…what now?”
“Do not say another word.” Sherlock warned him.
“I just want you to be comfortable.” The blonde assured him.
“I’m not entirely sure,” Mycroft answered.
“Really interesting or boring interesting?”
“Yes, three. Three beautiful kids.” He smiled.
The waitress smiled in apology. “Did you need anything else?”
“You told your brother to look after your daughter and you left without as much as a word.”
“Yes.” John sounded hesitant.
The doctor’s eyes scanned over his injuries, from the split lip and bruised cheek to the less obvious one beneath his close. His eyes flicked back to his face. “Are you in any pain?”
“The other night,” Sherlock recalled.
“A private client, Mycroft is sending him our way.”
“Yes, but how did you know? I haven’t signed it.”
The elder lady left the flat.
“This is it,” John gestured towards the house.
“He started breaking things, I-I couldn’t see but I could hear h-him, he started hitting th-things.”
John perched on the arm of the sofa and Sherlock lifted Maeve up and towards him. John took her and brought her close to his chest, she squirmed in excitement before settling against him.
Kelly stole a few photos, capturing the tender moment between father and daughter as they both looked at each other, her eyes widening in excitement at the sight of him, and his softening at the eye contact between them. She growled and Sherlock snorted in amusement, Kelly snapped a few more pictures.
“I can see why you haven’t told mum and dad about him.” Harry mumbled.
Mycroft stepped closer to his brother and placed a hand on her back.
Sherlock looked up at her. “Would it be possible to warm up some milk?”
“Mycroft of course.” Sherlock huffed.
“Shall we come with you?”
“I’m your moral compass.”
“Hot and teething, what are we going to do with you?” Mrs Hudson asked as she stepped into the room, placing the bowl of ice on the small table beside John.
“We can’t have you being irresponsible,” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Extravagant,” Sherlock finished for him at the same time that John said, “amazing.”
“I better make tea then” she declared.
Sherlock nodded and set off, picking the baby bag up off of the floor and going off in the direction of the hallway. He closed the door behind him and went about searching the room discreetly, not wanting to make too much noise or wake Maeve.
“This is my daughter, Maeve.” He explained.
Sherlock didn’t smile, his expression softened slightly but he remained frowning.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow “I’m not interested in children.”
He couldn’t help but smile at her.
“She hardly seems trained.” He gestured towards the cat.
“And she’ll forget about it in an hour after she’s had some quality time with her daddy.”
“Let’s not be childish.” The consulting detective sniffed.
“How did you-” John cut himself off, “never mind.”
Sherlock didn’t bother to his hide his amusement. He grinned.
Mycroft arrives at the scene and everyone goes to the hospital to see Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed a small laugh that sounded more like he was releasing a large breath in amusement.
Sherlock rose to his feet. John followed, unlinked his finger from Maeve’s grip and feeling guilty when she released a whine. “Sherlock, I thought the whole point of this was to introduce Maeve to your parents.”
Victor gave a slow nod. “I have no idea whether she’s pursing me or my work. I tend to deal with very expensive exhibits, it’s entirely possible, I think.”
Anthea nodded. “All digital and hard copies of his files have been deleted.”
“Harry went overboard.” He informed him. “Battered sausage.”
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed, cheeks heating up as Maeve jerked and attempted to twist her head to get a better look at him. He lifted and twisted her so that she was facing him, at level with his face. “Papa isn’t very nice to daddy, is he?”
The doctor placed Maeve on the table beside Sherlock, ignoring the displeased grumble she released and focused on Sherlock. The consulting detective had already offered his hand to Maeve to pacify her and she was exploring his long fingers in her own small hands. John hunched over, level with Sherlock's torso and examined the area visually as he pulled on a pair of gloved. He peeled the bandage stuck over the wound, he had been checking it regularly and enforcing that Sherlock keep it clean with new bandages daily. The wound was clean, still an angry red and the stitches dark against his pale skin.
“He’s in the shower.” Mycroft answered with a tight smile.
“Done?” Mycroft asked.
“Water please, I’ll also have a coke and Sherlock, the lemonade.” John answered.
John managed a small smile in response as he got back to looking over the small infant.
John snorted.
Mycroft recovered faster than anyone else, a smirk playing on his usually straight lips as he regarded his partner, he picked up one of the papers from the table and presented it to the grey haired man, “It seems that the press has finally caught up with my brother.”
Sherlock said nothing, just paused in his ministrations and stared at him.
Maeve was absorbed in her bee toy, running her small fingers over the soft yellow and black fabric, her eyes flicking from the bee to her uncle as she babbled loudly. Mycroft hummed in acknowledgement and continued to bounce the chair with his sock covered foot as he read through the file on the desk. He looked up for a moment and then down at her, his mouth pulling into a thin smile, and went back to work. Anthea peaked up from her laptop, brown eyes flicking from her boss to the baby in her bouncy chair.
John cut him off. “Women like men with babies, got it.”
Sherlock placed a chaste kiss on his lips completely unfazed by their audience, “I always am.”
Violet nodded and took both items from Siger. He continued. “He’d take her in a heartbeat if he could.”
“Nope.” The young officer answered. “None.”
“Just a few more,” Kelly told him with a warm smile, he wasn’t surprised that his mother had decided to use the same photographer but had no expected to see her there, she wasn’t exactly to the standard that his family preferred. She obviously took good photographs. She wore a frosty grey dress with a wrap top and small sleeves that only covered her shoulders and a skirt that swished around her knees. Her bright red hair was twisted into an elegant up-do at the back of her head, the fringe pulled away from her face. She wore a lipstick to match her hair and heels the same shade.
“Well, irritated or whatever. It’s hot, we’re all hot.” John dropped his head back.
“Ready?” John asked as he zipped his coat up, closing the door behind him.
“Not because it was difficult.” Sherlock reasoned sounding like a child.
Sherlock stepped further into the room and dodged the question, “I fed her before I left, she slept the entire time, she could do with another hour, at most, no more, or the rest of her sleeps will be compromised, and she won’t sleep at night.”
“Thank you for agreeing to meet with us Mr Holmes,” a haggard woman greeted as she stepped into the hallway, gesturing for him to enter the room.
“Flowers?” Mycroft asked, surprised.
“We’ll see you tomorrow.” John said with a fond smile.
“Mummy saved you then,” Sherlock said with far too much amusement.
“Sherlock.” He warned.
Sherlock snorted.
John frowned and rolled his eyes in realisation, he informed him “In bed doesn’t count.”
“Sherlock, did you want to open the last one with her?” His mother asked.
“Fine, mild concussion.” He said, looking up slowly. “Some bruising.”
I finally feel like I'm back on top of my writing and with some time, dedication and a little chapter reshuffling they'll be Christmas chapters for Christmas, I'm excited about this, I hope you are too. I really can't thank you all enough for sticking with me over the past year because I had such a tough time and writing really took the back seat but seeing your lovely comments at the end of each chapter really means the world and inspires me to continue writing. So, thank you for being the best readers ever and I hope that you enjoy this chapter and the chapters to come.
It has taken me ridiculously long to upload this chapter, there is no excuse for it considering it was not a particularly long or important chapter. I have been so stressed recently with all my university work - deadlines and exams - and been having some issues of my own. I finished uni last week and should have been able to update this at least once in that time. Shame on me.
“And your brother, I know you’ve mentioned him but what’s he like?” Harold asked.
“Not until the appropriate time,” Sherlock said thoughtfully. Then he changed the subject, “blogging again.”
“Yes.” Mycroft agreed. “Mother always made it…”
“Hates to leave her side.” Siger added as he strode into the room holding a bottle and a muslin.
“You’re normally not so …. Polite,” Greg said, clearing his throat.
Sherlock frowned and shook his head.
“That doesn’t answer my question.”
Siger pushed the door open and stepped aside to allow his younger son access. Sherlock’s clear eyes scanned over his face, his frown deepened and then disappeared, and walked into the room with steady steps. He stopped in the centre and glanced around the room, the only movement from jiggling his daughter lightly side to side. She yawned and her eyelids fluttered.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, narrowing his eyes at his brother, “want me gone?”
“Yes, I like that one too.” He admitted, closing the notepad with one hand while reaching towards her with the other, running his fingers over her small hand and the toy in it. “It reminds me of your uncle,” he frowned, “foolish, I know.”
“She already looks bigger.” His mother changed the subject. “Tea?”
“Child.” John declared. “What are you going to do today?”
“Just keeping us on side.”
“Please.” He said with his polite smile.
“Just like her father.” John joked. Sherlock choked slightly as Greg laughed wildly. Mycroft raised an eyebrow but didn’t comment, instead he focused on his niece. She was growing tired, quite content after being fed and changed, and now wrestling the urge to sleep. She continued to squirm and kick, fighting off her need for sleep, she released a distressed whine. The elder Holmes looked to his brother, at a loss. Sherlock crossed the room wordlessly, scooping his daughter up from his brother’s unfailing arms.
For the first time since he’d walked into the building John smiled. “Yes, if it’s still on offer.”
“Yes.” Mycroft prompted gently like coaxing a timid animal.
“I thought a walk would be nice, some fresh air and time for a
Sherlock paused and John looked up at him, lips threatening to tug into a smile. The consulting detective waited, Maeve gurgled, calling out to the occupants of the room, and his eyes fell shut in annoyance.
Mycroft looked up at his younger brother, it was the first time he’d spoken since their little discussion earlier and he seemed to have calmed down somewhat. He responded simply, “I know.”
“Bring her out and straight to the ambulance.” John told him. Sherlock nodded. John leaned up and placed a kiss on his lips. “Make sure she’s safe.”
“Where is she now?”
“Ignore Daddy, you can laugh at him if you want.” John told her, lifting her up so that she was sat on one of his arms and the other was across her chest, keeping her in an upright position.
“Half an hour ago.” John responded.
“Let’s move on then,” Kelly announced, allowing Sherlock to take Maeve and prepare a bottle for her.
In terms of how the rest of this fic is going to go, after the Christmas lead up and chapters, I'm going to fast forward a little bit because Maeve is almost six months old and I have less than half a fic till I finish. But fear not, I'll cover all the important moments and then, there will be a follow on.
“Look at you shuffling work and being a single Dad.” Greg teased.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to John as he reached the bottom of the stairs with a lopsided smile.
“Do you promise to love, honor, support and encourage the child through her life?”
“She did not smile at Mycroft first!” Sherlock growled, head snapping to look at the ex-army doctor with grey stormy eyes, the kind he got when he was angry. “She has been smiling for half of her life.”
“Probably.” Sherlock agreed. “Get in the car.”
“So, she has a bit of a sweet tooth according to your observations.”
It was dark when they climbed the stairs of the flat. The only source of light was from the Halloween themed fairy lights that John had scattered on the mantelpiece, they were shaped like ghosts and shone with a yellow hue. Mrs Hudson had also taken the liberty of lighting a carved pumpkin on the coffee table with two steaming mugs of hot chocolate. Sherlock sniffed, detecting the faint hint of pumpkin in the hot chocolate. He had no doubt that it was from the pumpkin spiced Bailey’s she’d bought from the shop earlier that day.
He picked up and placed a generous slice of the salmon en croute and placed it on the plate beside asparagus and fondant potatoes.
I'm finished with exams and stuff!! So yes, plenty of time for writing. This chapter would have been done sooner but I had massive writers block.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, “do as you wish.”
“There was a case that I was hoping you would consult on.” He sounded hopeful, interesting.
“Fed, changed” Sherlock deduced, tilting his head down and sniffing at the top of his daughter’s head. “Not bathed but she was washed yesterday, due in the evening and has not yet spit up, burped and ready to sleep within the next hour and a half.”
Mycroft cleared his throat. “What happens now?”
“You’ll be fine once you get into a routine. Babies can be notoriously tricky but once she’d settled into her environment she’ll be good as gold. Not that she can do much besides the obvious at the moment. It’s a little dull, they sleep most of the time and when they’re not sleeping it’s a matter of feeding and changing, very little engagement but very rewarding.”
He paused, listening to the response and bounced slightly to keep the infant entertained.
He nodded again. “I have an amazing boyfriend and a daughter, we even have a cat.”
Greg cut him off. “Yes, I know. You have no-one to look after her.”
“Awake my little terror?” He asked her. She didn’t respond, she didn’t yet have the capability instead she lifted her head up to look at his face. She dropped it back down after a moment and grasped at his silk shirt, fist balling in the soft material.
“What are we going to do with her?” Anthea asked, gesturing towards the sleeping infant.
“Yes, they’re in the freezer. Small but generous portions that are ready at a moment’s notice. I’ve thrown out most of the misses but kept a few reserved to try in a few weeks’ time.” The consulting detective told her.
“I was nine, the police took me into custody and assumed I was a runaway from one of the local homes.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and glared at his partner. “Yes.”
“Ignore him,” Greg said, gesturing towards the consulting detective stood at the window, all but oblivious to their presence in the room. “He’s thinking about something.”
“I wonder how your father and John are getting on.” Violet mused aloud.
“One bottle.” John announced as he came back into the room. He placed it on the small table beside the chair and walked over to the desk. He frowned, “did you use my laptop again?”
“Good,” Sherlock declared.
“You want me to write on the plates.”
He placed a kiss on a spot above her ear and didn’t stop muttering to her until she had stopped crying, now only releasing the occasional sniff and worried breath.
“You were under the impression that we would be spending New Year’s Eve together.”
Greg rolled onto his side to face Maeve and smiled. She watched him carefully, curiously, and after a moment returned the smile with one of her own, the open mouth kind full of gums. Greg chuckled softly. “You are so precious.” He lifted his hand from the toy and moved it towards her face.
Maeve was in Mycroft’s lap, sitting with her back to his chest and her eyes now firmly on her father.
Sherlock glanced at John. He was, in Sherlock’s opinion, the best-dressed man in the room. It was an excellent choice of suit. His tailor had done an excellent job in flattering the shorter man. It was a suit made from a red and black houndstooth fabric with a crisp white shirt, deep blue tie and a green pocket handkerchief that shouldn’t have offset the suit as much as it did but somehow worked. It also brought out the doctor’s eyes. The suit wasn’t something the ex-army doctor was accustomed to wearing but it made him look rather dashing. Sherlock had to admit it was a rather fetching choice.
John smiled at him.
Let me know what you think. I love all your feedback.
“You’re ridiculous.” Sherlock said, but his smile gave him away.
“Skin under the nails, he’ll have scratches on his arms.”
“Right, so what do I need to know before Christmas eve?”
There was no response but he knew that Mycroft was rolling his eyes at him.
“She’s my granddaughter. I’m allowed to spoil her.”
“Nah, we’re good, you go home and get some sleep.” John said.
“I do with you, apparently.”
“Yes, do.” Sherlock added.
“What are you doing?” Greg asked the moment he stepped into the lounge. Sherlock had heard him coming up the steps.
“Louise is a suspect then?” Greg asked swiftly changing the subject.
“Yes, it appears you do know what you’re doing,” Sherlock said a lopsided smile on his face.
"Mycroft has it as well?" John asked.
“Everything looks good, Mr Holmes.” The nurse said. Mycroft turned to face her. “Have you got a name in mind?”
“Sherlock” John called out as he ran up the stairs, hurried.
“Well, there’s been some comments about me not uploading anything though they seem more interested in her ladyship than the actual cases.” His tone went from pensive to mildly peeved.
Sherlock blinked and refocused on his surroundings. They had parked outside an old terrace house with the windows boarded up and the front door hanging haphazardly on its hinges, cordoned off with police tape. He shook his head and turned to face the pair; his partner and daughter. John was smiling at him – a soft smile, both reassuring and friendly, one that often settled on his features – and his hand was resting on the side of the carseat. “No,” the detective voiced, “your input will be useful.”
“As a child.” The dark haired man answered.
Violet straightened up and jiggled her granddaughter a little bit. “Come on then princess, let’s get you ready.”
“There have been no incidents since then,” Mycroft informed them.
“Aww, she’s adorable.” Silvia cooed.
John snorted.
“The trace?” He asked, hope tinging his voice.
The consulting detective’s frown deepened.
Sherlock managed to open his eyes this time. He was still in the kitchen lain across the floor on his front with his head turned towards the living room where the couple were arguing. Louise had her arm wrapped around Howard’s neck, pulling him close so that their foreheads were pressed together and they were looking in each other’s eyes. They were completely focused on each other.
“What is it about?”
That seemed to please her as she gurgled happily in the sling, bouncing her body slightly in the secure harness. John asked simply. “Do you want me to burp her for you?”
Again, it's a day late but I had my last day at work yesterday followed by a Christmas meal so it completely slipped my mind but here it is, as promised. More Christmas content.
Sherlock only growled into the pillow and lifted his head enough to speak. “I know that John. He won’t let any harm come to her.”
The waitress announced her return with a soft cough. Mycroft looked up at her, she smiled and placed the drinks on the table. “Is this your daughter?”
“Good morning.” John smiled, eyes lighting up. “I missed you.”
“A case, you’re a detective of sorts, yes?” Harold asked, his interest piqued. “John has told me but my memory isn’t as good as it used to be.”
Their relationship was founded upon their dedication to their work.
“No cases?”
John nodded. “I’ll get dinner out. What do you want?”
Sherlock nodded.
“So you no longer wear your pyjama tops inside out?” She asked with a raised eyebrow.
When Sherlock was finished his story and Maeve snoring softly, he kissed the top of her head and placed her in the cot, his hands lingering on her before he pulled back.
“Shut up John.”
“Fine, it’s a very lovely name.” Sherlock gave a curt nod in agreement, like he would pick anything else for his beautiful daughter. Mycroft continued. “And you must tell mummy and father, they’ll be over the moon.”
“A rather fetching look on her.”
“Oh dear.” He cooed as he picked her up effortlessly from her brother’s lap and close to his chest. She cried into his coat and he bounced her up and down, all the while whispering to her with his lips pressed against her forehead. “My poor baby, did you hurt yourself?”
“Have you seen the kids recently?” Violet asked.
“Fine” Sherlock sighed. “My mother will fuss either way, I dressed her up to demonstrate that I am a capable parent.”
“How about letters?” John asked, “Like you did when I was in Afghanistan, we can send you photos and you can send whatever gifts you’re dying to buy.”
“It all started a few weeks ago,” Amanda started with her narrative.
“It’s a little more complicated than that.” Lestrade scratched the back of his head.
“She is beautiful, just beautiful.” Silvia cooed.
It struck him how odd they would seem to an outsider. But now, just the two of them, the morbid curiosity that he’d always experienced and that she fostered from a young age, it was completely normal.
“John, Mr and Mrs Watson.” He greeted turning back to the door and stepped backwards into the house.
Maeve looked back up at Sherlock with a thoughtful expression.
Maeve looked affronted but the expression quickly morphed into a smile at the sight of her papa crouched in front of her with her cuddly bee toy in his hand.
“Think? Yes. Ignore everyone? Yes.” John answered with a long sigh. “He ignores me daily.”
Sherlock pressed the full body shiver that was threatening to manifest and ducked from between the men.
Sherlock nodded. “John has been invaluable to me.”
Maeve craned her neck slightly to look up at him and gurgled.
Sherlock hummed. “Eliminate the pain, eliminate the problem.”
Sherlock sighed, acting as though the question had put him out somehow and repeated, slower and surer, “I like it when she smiles.”
“That’s very nice of him.”
John nodded. “Not the good stuff then?”
“I…” John started, stopping himself as Angelo approached with their meals.
She was sat in the middle of the floor, on her colourful tummy time mat surrounded by small soft toys that were becoming a bit of a collection. She wore a pair of blue joggers and matching jumper with white hearts on them. Her hands were reaching out and running over each one intently, her eyes flicking up to Sherlock, and back to the toys, checking that he was watching her.
Sherlock ran his hand down her back in a long slow motion.
Thank you all all the lovely comments, I really like hearing from all of you so keep them coming.
“I came here to visit my niece” Mycroft corrected.
John managed an “oh” and looked at his feet.
John shrugged and positioned himself so that Maeve could see him and smiled exaggeratedly, she watched him in fascination before returning the smile with one of her own; hers more gummy. There was a snap of a camera alerting them that they were no longer alone and a slightly sorry, and pleased, looking Kelly.
“Sherlock.” He greeted with a thick London accent.
Louise Fowler.
“I suppose there’s no putting it off,” he said to her. “I’ll have to go to the office at some point to explain my absence if nothing else. I know your uncle thinks the country is capable of functioning without me but he is wrong. They can’t so much as put a new traffic sign in without asking me first. They’re dependent on me, have been since I started working there. It was rather my intention.”
“I went for supplies.” Sherlock muttered.
Greg called after him, “you’re her only uncle.”
Greg opened one eye and reached across to her soft toy. “You like it to.”
“Sherly” She scolded.
“Gifts?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow.
“For goodness sake!” Sherlock muttered more to himself than anyone else. John went to get up but Sherlock held up a hand and stated, “Its fine.”
“Finally” Sherlock declared, standing up in one fluid movement while keeping Maeve close to his body, he lifted her up higher so that she was closer to his face and nipped her fingers tenderly as she raised them to her lips. She smiled at him. Sherlock smiled back despite himself.
“So, you want to be involved?”
“Right…” John looked up from the screen. “Anything else?”
Greg nodded knowing that would be the answer. “I could get someone to collect her.”
“Yes,” He nodded, sighing and pinching the bridge of his nose. “She was going to be the primary carer. There will be some…adjustments to make.”
“A string of murders in Paris. The police haven’t even realised they’re connected yet. Worth a look.”
John lent over to place a kiss on Maeve’s forehead and left the room.
Sherlock lowered his voice, “you want me to prove that he was sexually abusing his daughter?”
“Anything” he turned back to the room and gestured wildly, “has anybody got anything of any use?”
Maeve whined loudly.
“She had calpol twenty-seven minutes ago.”
The second time was almost half an hour later.
“Are you going to watch and criticise me for the next eighteen years?” Mycroft looked up at his younger brother, raising one eyebrow and then back down at his daughter, offering her the teat of the bottle. Her mouth parted around it and she started drinking the formula.
Mycroft looked at his shoulder and assured him, standing up. “It’s not a problem.”
John paused. “What the hell is going on Sherlock?” He asked softly, sighing and coming to sit on the coffee table in front of the consulting detective.
“Why?”
Mrs Hudson sat herself down in the chair opposite with a giggle and clapped her hands onto her knees joyfully, her overly happy smile refusing to disappear, apparently.
“Sherlock,” his uncle greeted lifting his champagne flute slightly.
“That’s better.” Sherlock hummed in agreement and kissed the top of her head. His eyes flicked to John. “Your leg hurts.”
“Let him go Chloe,” Greg sighed, leaning forward in his chair.
Sherlock watched them as he folded his shirt over the handle of the pram and hopped elegantly onto the examination table. He frowned at the blonde, "Maeve is hardly capable of expressing her opinion on the matter."
Anthea knocked and entered without waiting. She poked her head through the doorway. “Sir.”
“What if he’d died?” His mother pressed, obviously very distressed.
“Exactly.” He muttered into her scalp.
“But you could be, addicts lie, remember?”
Sherlock picked her up wordlessly, scooping her up from Sally’s arms and resting her against his chest. Maeve gurgled enthusiastically before plunging into her coat, hands grasping at the fabric as she smiled wildly. He then glanced at Sally. “Thank you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Would you like to take her home?” His mother asked.
“Are you suggesting I go and watch?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow.
out.”
“You tricky –”
John lifted his head, “Merry Christmas.”
“I didn’t know.”
“I know you’re not really one for small talk but did you have a good day?” John called from the living room.
Claire shrugged. “I don’t know, the surprise would be nice but you’ll probably be able to deduce it from the screen and well, it’s easier if you know.”
National Gallery, this could be interesting he thought to himself. “We can be there within the hour, don’t let anyone contaminate the scene and clear it for potentially harmful and dangerous toxins.”
Sherlock nodded
Violet smiled and they sat together on the sofa, Harold and Siger took the opposite one, already talking about golf or some such sport. John stood beside Sherlock’s chair, hands behind his back.
“We haven’t talked about that.” John reminded him.
She was congested.
“What’s wrong with her?” She asked.
is mine.” He paused, voice low, “Now, give me back my daughter.”
“You’re worse than my parents” Sherlock glowered, sitting down on the sofa as opposed to one of the two chairs opposite Lestrade’s at the desk.
Maeve whined. Sherlock jolted from the conversation, happy for the interruption but still wanting to hear more. She was awake. She was awake and kicking under her blanket. She didn’t look happy. “Ohh, dear.” Sherlock exhaled, he reached into the pram and pulled Maeve close to him.
“I’ll catch you later.” Greg said, ducking out of the doorway and starting down the stairs.
“The case.”
Maeve gurgled loudly in response.
“Any recommendations?”
“This is her, baby Maeve.” Greg introduced, “and the illustrious Sherlock Holmes is inside.”
He placed Maeve in the small chair that was waiting there for her. When she was in it. He offered her a cocktail sausage. She took it without hesitation and started chewing on it.
“Yeah,” John nodded and looked down at the sleeping infant. “She’s finding it all very thrilling.”
“Is he working a case?” Arabella asked.
Mycroft’s brow rose for a second and he pushed his hands into his pocket. “You don’t want her?”
“I bet,” John smiled in return.
“This is him on a good day.” John told them. “You should see him when he’s in one of his moods.”
“That’s why I need your help Myc.”
“I eat with you on Sundays.” He frowned and spoke, mouth still mostly full. “I had toast when you came over this morning.”
Sherlock said nothing. He watched her walk away and then looked around the room. John was with a group of soldiers and ex-soldiers exchanging war stories. He looked as though he were in his element. There was a glass of whisky in his hand, the brand Mycroft preferred. Sherlock couldn’t fault the choice. It was exquisite whisky though John had rather a fondness for the stuff.
“I can stay.” He cleared his throat.
“Chewing on fingers.” The consulting detective sniffed.
Siger looked at the ground and then back up at his son. “I was wondering if you’d looked around the grounds yet, it’s really quite beautiful, Maeve would love it.”
“My favourite person.” Greg announced. He looked up at the consulting detective and ex-army doctor, who looked somewhat amused and offended. He cleared his throat and clarified. “Well she is part you and that by extension makes you one of my favourite people.”
“Fine, let’s get on with this then.” Greg said quickly, Sherlock obviously was not in the mood for talking, though that wasn’t uncommon it was better to get this over with as quickly as possible.
“Yes, I believe it is.”
“I’ll come back when you’re ready to order.” Angelo said with a friendly smile. He ducked away.
“Dull.” Sherlock answered in a bored tone.
Upcoming Chapters:
Mrs Innes nodded eagerly. “We just want him back.”
They landed in a pile with a hard thump, her knee jabbing him in the stomach as he landed on top of her with a pained groan.
“Good morning.” Sherlock said again, leaning down to kiss the blonde.
Mycroft stopped his parents from venturing further into the house by meeting them at the front door. He stood stoic as his parents stepped into his house, looking worried beyond belief and confused. His mother removed her shawl and placed it on the coat rack, his father stopped in front of him, trying and failing to read his eldest son’s expression.
“Could ask for a Christmas miracle,” he suggested.
“We’ve been here for hours,” Sherlock groaned like an oversized child.
Pain blossomed across the back of his skull and he fell forwards, grappling against the counter as he blinked in surprise. He grasped the back of his head with one hand and felt wetness against his fingertips.
“God had nothing to do with it,” John added, both Greg and Sherlock laughed.
“What did you tell her?” He asked, careful to articulate each word.
“So, Mycroft owns this place?” John asked.
“Alright!” Greg warned, wanting to get back on topic, “The murder Sherlock?”
that way.
“Yes.”
“I’ll get the bag,” John informed him. He reached into the car and retrieved the purple changing bag, he stepped back and closed the door. He locked the car.
He kissed the top of her head softly and then craned his neck to check her for a response, there was none apart from the slight wrinkling of her nose. The lines softened and she relaxed further into sleep. Satisfied, Sherlock moved back to his seat, his father dutifully lifted the blanket a moment before the consulting detective plopped himself down. Siger placed the blanket over Maeve’s back. The only sign of thanks from Sherlock was his eyes flicking up to his father, face softening minutely before looking back at Maeve and settling further down in his seat.
“Look at her,” Violet cooed from the side of the pool. “She looks delighted.”
“Dinner, tonight?” He called after the blonde.
“You have all of me.” Sherlock told him with a defeated sigh. “You need only ask.”
“I am working on a possible lead.” Sherlock admitted, he sipped at the tea that they had provided for him.
“You ok?” John asked. Sherlock nodded. He leaned over and placed a kiss on the consulting detective’s cheek. “Good.”
“Oh Siger, do straighten your tie pin.” Violent scolded the rather dazed-looking man as she turned to greet some new arrivals.
“I’m not being ridiculous.” Sherlock spat, eyes blazing. “I allowed my daughter into the arms of a sexual sadist and the most dangerous man in the country, if not the world.”
“The colour pink has been avoided.” Mycroft told him simply.
“I didn’t run.”
The blood streaks behind her hands and feet suggested she was struggling and the drips that she was alive when they nailed her to the wall with thick iron pegs. There was no possible way that one man could have lifted this woman and nail her to the wall while she was still alive. It wasn’t possible, even if he had drugged her it would have taken some time. “John, your medical opinion.”
“I knew it.” Murray announced and the lads bickered about who knew or not for a moment.
“Thank you for your time.” John said politely as they left.
“Something like that.” He smirked.
John rolled his eyes and responded, voice steady. "Shirt off and onto the table."
John nodded.
“Back to Baker Street.” The consulting detective told the cabbie as he climbed back into the car.
“I could have found someone.” Mycroft huffed, pushing himself into a sitting position.
Sherlock cleared his throat and stepped around into the longue. “I got some supplies to help with the teething. Was she…how has she been??”
John smiled from the doorway. “Someone’s feeling better.”
After a moment the consulting detective seemed to find his words.
“He’ll be out in a minute.” The army doctor announced.
“Is the baby ok?” He asked, voice threatening to crack. He placed his fist in front of his mouth and coughed, once, to clear his throat.
John nodded but wasn’t entirely convinced.
“Don’t give me that, she doesn’t want me, she wants you, so either you can take her or we can continue this with her crying the entire time.”
John glared at him. Sherlock didn’t notice, or, if he did, he showed no indication. The consulting detective was on the large four-poster bed, lain on his side angled towards his daughter, who he was attempting to get back to sleep. His hand was resting just above her head, finger occasionally stroking the soft skin of her face as her eyelids dropped, eyelashes fluttering in a desperate attempt to stay awake. He lowered his voice.
“Is she ok?” Harold asked, on alert.
“Calm down Sherlock.” John managed.
Sherlock huffed but went willingly.
“He’ll need help.” John said.
Sherlock sat up and reached inside the bag. He pulled out a small pink jewellery bag and untied it, inside there was a small necklace and bracelet made of small amber stones. “Baltic amber.”
“Do you want me to put the clothes away?”
Everything seemed fine but Sherlock isn't coping as well as he would like people to believe. He hasn't left the flat in four days.
“Interesting.”
Mrs Hudson sighed sadly but quickly left the room after picking up a few items.
John surged forward to kiss the detective effectively shutting him up. He’d have to remember that. Sherlock responded to the kiss immediately, reaching forward and grasping John’s chin as he took control of the kiss. He teased at the seams of the doctor’s lips with his tongue and John opened his mouth, allowing him access.
He produced the box from behind him and placed it on the coffee table. It was a cat box.
“Yes.”
Three pink tops, white and grey shorts, five different kind of ‘pretty’ dresses and some booties, and they were done. His mother had forgotten about the morning, only scolding him once and offering a short apology about ‘interfering’. Now, back at the villa, with Maeve in the bath and him knelt at the side, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, soap bubbles sticking to his skin and the silk of his shirt, he was relaxed.
“Yes but we are not close. My brother and I have a…” he paused, unable to find the right word.
Mycroft did not partake though he did allow an almost smile to cross his lips.
“I actually brought something for Maeve.” Violet reminded him, there were three matching bags by the foot of the chair. Sherlock scowled. “I actually think you will quite like these.”
There was something to be said about the presence of Maeve on a stakeout. Sherlock found himself both at ease and alert, perhaps more alert than he usually was. She was the brightest conductor of light.
The blonde jerked slightly at the familiar term of address from a stranger. He straightened slightly and nodded his head. “Are you…do you work here?”
Sherlock spoke to Maeve. “And he says I’m dramatic.”
“Let’s get some breakfast then,” he told Maeve and the cat. He made to get up and Jade meowed in protest before dutifully jumping from his lap onto the floor and leaving the bedroom.
“Wrong. Your top priority has always been us, your family. You may hide it but anybody that knows you the least bit knows that.” Sherlock shut the book.
Mycroft frowned at him, “you really are a child.”
Greg looked confused. “Then what are you going to do?”
Sherlock managed a small nod.
“The police and parents have revealed very little about the circumstances of the kidnappings, there is a lack of detail that is very telling, there are statements that collaborate that the ransoms were paid. If the ransoms were paid, the question begs, why did he kill them? He had a reason or an impulsion to kill, he’s profited two million pound in the past fortnight, and again, why does he kill them? He wants the money but the urge to kill is overwhelming and without it, he cannot function.”
Sherlock look a deep steadying breath and did as his mother bid him, John came with him with a friendly smile. Sherlock did not smile. His aunt and uncle watched him approach with stable and observing eyes. Edmund resembled his father closely but was taller and broader, his own frosty hair receding and combed back to reveal a large forehead with deep set lines. He also had a moustache and beard, both of which were maintained. His aunt was tall and spidery, arms so thin they looked fragile and legs the same; her face was wrinkled more than it should have been and greying hair dyed a warm shade of blonde.
Sarah smirked. “Adorable. You’ve really hit the jackpot with her.”
“Just go,” Mycroft told him. There was no use arguing.
The smile on Greg’s face was immeasurable. Pure joy shot through Mycroft’s body at the sight and events of the night. He stood up and was pulled into a tight embrace a moment later.
“Don’t let her eat too fast,” Sherlock told him.
“So you thought you’d bring her into my house.” Sherlock kept a wary eye on the cat walking over the coffee table and sniffing the furniture.
She stretched her body out slightly and her lips pushed into a pout.
“I know.” Mycroft snapped.
“What’s going on?” His father managed after a moment.
Violet nodded, stealing one last glance at her granddaughter before going to open the door. Siger pushed the buggy into the lounge and settled her beside the sofa, he sat down and watched her as she slept. There was laughter in the hallway, Siger picked up his book. This was going to be a long lunch time.
“No,” Sherlock shook his head. “I started taking drugs at fifteen: cannabis and cocaine, in small doses and only occasionally, to numb my mind. Victor Trevor provided me with Cocaine when I moved to Cambridge at sixteen. I got kicked out of university and cut off from my trust fund.”
They were both sat on the sofa watching Sherlock, he was stood in the centre of the room holding Maeve close to his chest and bouncing her up and down in small reassuring movements as she dozed against his shoulder, so close to sleep.
Sherlock was sat on the sofa with his back to John. His long legs stretched out in front of him and back against the arm of the sofa, curly head still and a book in his hand. Maeve’s face low on his shoulder, looking at the long pale column of his throat. John stepped further in the room to get a better look at him, shirtless with his daughter tucked against his side, supported with a large hand across her small back, a white bodysuit with no arms or legs and blanket the only thing covering her.
“Sort of.” Sherlock brushed the question off.
“The case John.” Sherlock said louder than necessary. “The case is all that is important, the work.”
“Yes.”
“And got stabbed in the process” Siger added.
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialled Mycroft. He already tried Sherlock three times, he’d ignored them all.
“Tis the season,” Mycroft said with a smile.
“What happened next?” John clarified, clearing his throat delicately.
The pool was serene. The only occupants a handful of women with their babies close to their bodies, a few with infants in orange swim seats and a couple with their young child. Samantha was knelt in the water close to two other mothers, chatting quietly as they tried to keep their children subverted in the water.
“Get me a coffee,” John shouted after him, he might as well get a decent coffee from the café if he were going down there.
“I assumed John would have informed you.” Sherlock defended.
The restaurant was small and quiet. They were shown to a table at the far side with two chairs and enough room for the pram to sit beside, facing Violet, so that she could peer in and see the sleeping baby. Mycroft ordered with confidence and the waitress backed away from the table with a small nod and the assurance that their drinks would be out in a moment.
“And you don’t mind us staying?” Silvia asked, uncertain.
The pair had been dating for seven months and were apparently becoming quite serious, they were even considering moving in together when they reached ten months. He had already been informed of her death after the body had been discovered.
“She’s got your hair colour.” Sherlock observed, stepping closer and tracing the line of her scalp with his leather covered finger, a millimetre or two above her skin, as not to disturb her. It was fair, light brown with a reddish tinge, auburn. “Not quite red though.”
Sherlock choked a laugh into the pillow and turned his face to look at the back of Mycroft’s head, the slightly thinning auburn hair neatly combed and pale scalp. “You make it sound like I specifically made her that way.”
“More than ok.” Sherlock ran his hand over the books.
“I’m assuming you called me for something more interesting than a bloody crime scene.”
The door opened and Sherlock stepped inside. His coat was wet and the collar turned up to protect against the weather, his curls were drench and sticking to his face.
“John at work?” Mycroft asked.
“Ok.”
“They would never forgive you if you took her from me,” Sherlock cautioned, his eyes were harsh but pleading.
“The flight probably didn’t help…and the crying.”
The aroma of coffee and pancakes hit John the moment he reached the bottom of the stairs, he sighed to himself and looked down at Maeve. He whispered. “Your daddy is a know-it-all.”
“Exactly.”
John sighed and looked back into the kitchen, at the notepad on the table.
“Thank you.” John spoke sincerely.
His father sniffed, “maybe we should get started on dinner. Leave the boys to feed her.”
“It doesn’t have to be normal.” John argued with a smile. “It’s perfect.”
“I would love to” Mycroft admitted solemnly. “But I have some rather pressing matters to deal with.”
John nodded in understanding.
Mrs Hudson looked lost.
“Her routine, you feed her every two to three hours. She hasn’t been fed in three hours. Another hour, not including the time it takes to get her location will be pushing it,” John informed him. “She hasn’t been changed, there will be chafing that will get progressively worse.”
“Awww.” Victor nodded. “I believe it’s quite common.”
“Of course.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, crouching down and scooping his daughter from his brother’s arms. He kept her head supported as he turned her into her early position, up and resting against his chest. Maeve’s head leaning against his shirt and looking at his neck once more. “Allow me to introduce you to Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“There’s no shame in it.” Mycroft smiled smugly as he dug the tip of his umbrella into the floor and watched as though it were the most interesting thing he’d ever seen.
Violet cast her son an amused smile. “You were the same Sherly.”
Anthea’s nose wrinkled too. “You’re no fun.”
"Yes."
Evelyn was lain on the bed wearing a plain white onesie. Her face was angled up towards the ceiling but her new eyes were unable to focus on anything in particular. Her cheeks were rosy and Mycroft could barely contain the urge to touch them like some sort of old lady that pinched the cheeks of any child close by. It was abhorrent but he supposed, natural. Most parents would feel this way. It was not uncommon though a new feeling for him.
“Yes,” she said with a disproving tone but her smile betrayed her. “You can leave now.”
“Why does he have a country manor?” John asked, glancing at his partner in the mirror.
“You wouldn’t know if I had darling.” She hummed.
“Your house is beautiful,” Silvia said to Violet.
Mycroft snorted.
Evelyn was sound asleep, something he’d have to get used to over the coming weeks.
She nodded, “we’ve set up the trace and loudspeaker.”
Sherlock huffed a breath as he pulled Maeve from his shoulder, taking the muslin from beneath her head before replacing her. He changed the subject, Greg noticed but didn’t comment. “He used one of his girlfriend’s scarves, traces were found beneath his finger nails and there will be burns on his palms from the material.”
“What are you two going to do for the rest of the day then?”
“Drinks?” Angelo asked, struggling to keep his eyes off the infant.
“He knows exactly what buttons to push.”
Sherlock smiled at her and lent down to place a kiss on the top of her head. “Clever.”
“Isn’t that enough?” Siger asked.
“I know we’ve had our issues but I’m glad we sorted it out.”
“She never wanted Maeve. Why should I look for her?”
she is already far more advanced than other children her age.”
“No, I suppose not.”
Harry nodded and looked down, embarrassed.
“I like this baby grow.”
“Nothing to strenuous.” Mycroft barely contained the smirk.
Maeve coughed and Sherlock rubbed her back in circular motions.
She died. He left it unsaid.
“Or What?” Sherlock raised his eyebrows in challenge.
“That’s lovely.” Sherlock hummed again and John sighed loudly. “What’s so interesting anyway?”
“You want to help?”
“It’s only ten minutes.” Sherlock told John.
“Then, why do you?” Sherlock asked sounding entirely too amused.
“I didn’t say anything.” John muttered turning his head slightly to look at Sherlock. The consulting detective had his eyes closed, dark lashes delicate against his pale skin and pink lips pulling into an annoyed smirk.
Mycroft looked up at his brother’s arrival before looking back down at his baby niece. “Social services will want to visit.” He ignored the expression he knew Sherlock was pulling, the ‘why on earth would that happen’ expression. “I have explained the situation and pulled some strings but there needs to be a formal visit after the circumstances of her arrival.”
Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock’s room was the first thing they set up. The Moses basket had been set up beside his bed, furthest away from the door between the bed and the dresser. Beneath his window was a changing station like the one in the nursery, large and made of dark wood, the top padded and the drawers filled up, beside that was a chest of drawers filled specifically with her stuff. She was asleep, snoring away lightly in her new bed. It was a dark wicker basket with white material and a dark wood base that rocked.
His eyes narrowed and he deduced. “You’re concerned.”
There was a knock on the door. Sherlock frowned and John’s eyebrows raised.
Maeve gurgled in response.
“So, where to first?” Harold asked as they settled in the cab.
“She isn’t the issue,” Mycroft reminded him.
“Yeah.” The guy answered, he said a goodbye and trotted out of the door.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, like there was any doubt. Violet paused for a moment to gaze at her granddaughter, sons and their respective partners. Greg was sat on the sofa that had been pushed out of the way to make way for a photography studio, there was a case file balanced on his knee.
“You waited twelve weeks to tell your sister.” The consulting detective reminded him.
“Shut up.”
“She’s a baby” John argued as he followed Sherlock, rolling down the sleeves of his jumper. “She has no power except existing, you can’t blame her that she’s turning you all soft.”
Short and Sweet. Babies first real case, there are no crime scenes involved but a very interesting trip to Scotland Yard.
“So he just walked up and grabbed them when they were alone?” John asked.
“Ahhh” John cooed, shifting closer to her. Her eyes flicked to him and he reached forward, smaller hands running over her shoulder and neck. “Someone is getting strong.”
“She’s very particular.” He offered, releasing his son’s hand. “She only likes to be touched on her head and her back, never on her sides or stomach and only when she wants. She will scratch and bite you if you annoy her. And can be very viscous.”
“Got a few days off.”
“Is he ok?” John asked.
“They’ve been waiting for this” Sherlock shouted rising to his feet. “From the moment I told them, they wanted me to fail and guess what?” He gestured wildly. “They were right. I have failed. I am failing at this.”
The consulting detective sighed to himself. “It’s time.” He told his daughter as he opened the door and walked down the hallway, past John as he set up the kitchen table ready for dinner and into the lounge. Mycroft and Greg were both stood close to the doorway, both had something in their arms. Greg a basket full of gifts and Mycroft a pile of books tied together with a ribbon, a toy bumble bee and a croquet blanket that his Grandma had made him when he was just an infant.
Sherlock’s head shot up like a dog hearing the word ‘squirrel’, he looked appalled at the thought and turned on his brother and John. “Flowers?” he exclaimed, louder than necessary, “flowers?”
“I thought you were off today Gregory.” Siger remarked.
“Bilbo went to sleep with that in his ears, and it gave him very uncomfortable dreams. It was long after the break of day when he woke up.” John closed the book and glanced at the infant asleep beside him in the bed. A smile broke on his face and he placed the book on the bedside table.
“Need any help?” John asked as Sherlock went into the bathroom with Maeve still cradled in his arms.
Sherlock drifted back into consciousness and was immediately aware of the rhythmic beating of a heart monitor and the murmur of voices. It was a hushed conversation in the corner of the room that he couldn’t quite make out in his disorientated state, his head throbbed violently and his side still burning as a result of the stab wound. His whole body hurt. The smell of antibacterial filled his nostrils along with sunflowers that was the work of his mother he was sure.
John shrugged.
“It’s ok.” John muttered, voice rough with sleep and as soft as he could muster given the time. He pulled her close. John turned to look at Sherlock and told Maeve. “Daddy’s here.”
“I love you, there’s a difference John.”
“Why?” His father asked.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed on the table, illuminating his new screensaver: a picture of the three of them at the zoo, John with his daises and Maeve with a small pumpkin and green vines across one cheek. It was taken from an upward angle and despite his protests, Sherlock took the picture because his arms were the longest. He glanced at the screen and relocked the phone without so much as looking at the message. It was a group of pictures from a new member of his homeless network, nothing too important, it was a test after all but he was certain that they had passed with flying colours which meant they could now work on an actual case.
“The moment the case is over.”
“Are you going to open it?” John asked gesturing towards the white gift bag.
“John” Sherlock gasped.
“I think it’s perfect.”
“Shut up” Sherlock demanded.
“Thank you.” Howard replied with a small nod of his head.
“Can I?” He gestured towards his granddaughter.
John chuckled and wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist, he kissed the taller man’s cheek. “We’ve got ages until she grows up.”
Maeve gurgled loudly. It was the perfect change of subject.
“Your papa is going to be so proud of you,” Sherlock told Maeve as she swallowed her second mouthful of baby rice.
“Do you want me to?” He asked, gesturing to his niece.
Maeve growled.
“It felt like a knife to my chest.” Sherlock hissed.
Violet managed a small smile. Siger didn’t instead he focused on his granddaughter.
“Doctor Green,” Mycroft managed, mouth dry.
“Clean,” he arched an eyebrow in an exaggerated manner at the baby. “I doubt it.”
“Sherlock is her biological father.”
“Tired.” Was all that Sherlock offered. He clutched the sleeping child to his chest for a few moments before making his way around the bed and placing Maeve into her Moses Basket. She stirred slightly but didn’t wake, instead turning her head to the side and releasing a small even breath. Sherlock pulled the blanket up to cover her and watched her for a moment, her breathing was even, chest rising and falling.
“And I’ll feed her highness.” He glanced at his niece and bowed slightly.
“One bottle,” John announced quietly, brandishing both items for his partner to see. Sherlock looked up at him. “And a muslin.”
Sherlock stood abruptly, his hold on his daughter soft but demanding, cautious but strong. He crossed the room and stood in front of Mycroft, who looked confused and terrified. “I assume you’d like to hold your niece.”
Sherlock took a breath and closed his eyes. It was as good as a yes.
“So, what happens now?” John asked.
Sherlock snorted and added a third heaped teaspoon of sugar into the first cup.
“And call your brother he’s worried sick about you.” Siger instructed him.
Sherlock craned his neck slightly. “Replacing me?”
“What are we going to do with little Miss then?”
Sherlock decides it's time to try real food, a.k.a. baby rice.
Sherlock watched, fascinated. She had them wrapped around her finger, pathetic really. Though it was human nature at least that made him feel better. “He is on my side as he has said before and will continue to demonstrate it to have access to her.”
Sherlock crossed the kitchen and picked up the bottle. John turned towards him, face almost in crook of Sherlock’s neck like Maeve on his opposite side. “You smell different.”
Louise Fowler shared the same physique as her sister, slim built with no existent curves with the added bonus of slightly muscular arms and legs. Her skin was dotted with tattoos. Her mousy hair bleached blonde and eyes decorated with thick black makeup. They were both wearing black.
“Well, we both can’t be tired now, can we?”
“Remember, music is key in our sensory development.” The freckled blonde leading the group repeated, her voice was soft and full of enthusiasm. She spoke to the entire group as though were children. “Music helps our babies to grow physically, emotionally and intellectually.”
Dimmock cleared his throat and straightened his back, standing upright and producing his notebook. “The scene was cleared of any harmful substances of toxins. The victim was found this morning when the guards checked the gallery, she’s one of Art restorers here at the gallery and was working late last night, her husband called to report her missing last night when she didn’t return home but…”
“You are free to leave at any time,” Siger told him.
Sorry, this chapter is not as long as I imagined it would be but I'm rushing slightly because I'm leaving in like an hour to go on holiday. Hope it's okay and enjoy, as i said before I will continue writing when I'm away but will most likely not be able to update.
“What you did today, it was good.” John put the frame back on the mantel.
“Funny, you’ll be having this exact argument with her in about fourteen years.
“Yes.”
“Be as involved as you want.” Sherlock sighed dramatically.
“What could I possibly need?” Sherlock asked, turning and rounding on the DI.
“Can’t fault her logic,” Sherlock concluded with a lopsided smile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and peeled his daughter off of John’s face. She whined in annoyance but quickly settled down when she was placed on her father’s chest and had open access to the smooth skin. She mouthed at his sternum, tongue escaping to lap at his skin at the short hairs there as she explored with her hands further up his body.
There was a tiny childlike giggle.
“Like you were with me?” He questioned.
Mycroft reached inside his waistcoat pocket and glanced at his pocket watch. He frowned. “Two hours, I expected you to sleep longer brother mine.”
“That way then.” John nodded and they began walking. “What do we need?”
“Do you?” Mycroft asked, raising his eyebrow.
“You can goad Mycroft with this now, get back at him about the smile,” John suggested.
“Are you going to bring her in or linger in the doorway?” Violet asked, looking up from her new friend to her son. The ‘come in and stop standing around uselessly’ was silent.
She sniffed which he took as an affirmative.
“I won’t accept it,” Mycroft muttered turning back to his paper.
“Is everything ok sir?” She asked him.
Victor cleared his throat, not wanting to break the moment and said in a low voice, “yes.”
“Murder,” Sherlock repeated as though the word had offended, “No time for murders Lestrade.”
Hurt flashed across his mother’s face and his father snapped out of his thought, looking up at his son with stern grey eyes. “Do not speak to your mother like that.”
“Aww, he’s adorable isn’t he?” Silvia asked.
“Unforeseeable circumstances.”
“You’ve got that right.” John chuckled.
“No? She wants the life you had.”
“Well, music is important for a baby’s development.”
John silently climbed into the bed and rearranged the pillows in the way he knew Sherlock liked.
“The last time you spoke. Three months.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Singing?” John asked, collapsing on his back beside his friend. “You were singing?”
“Should I call you brother?” Anthea asked.
IT'S CHRISTMAS!!! Well, Christmas Eve and then it's Christmas.
“New data,” Mycroft said, it was a statement, not a question.
“Right, so the same as any other event.” The blonde jested.
“No.” Sherlock said simply.
Behind her, Sherlock stepped into the doorway, his blue eyes flicking over the room in half a second before resting on his brother and the newborn baby in his arms. His expression didn’t change. Indifferent. He stepped into the room, closing the door behind him.
“Just this once mind you, I’m not your housekeeper.” She reminded him as she placed the tray on the table beside Siger. Sherlock and John grinned at one another but said nothing. She noticed the cat and frowned, “oh, Sherlock, what’ve you got a cat for?”
“Obvious?” Victor frowned.
John reached behind him, careful to keep his eyes on Maeve and picked up the mobile. Three new messages, two from Sherlock, and one from Harry. He frowned and opened the message.
“Shall I take these up?” John asked, glancing up the stairs.
“Will you reward me?” Sherlock asked raising an eyebrow.
“You’re grandparents.”
Sherlock looked offended by the question, brow furrowing and nose wrinkling slightly in an undignified manner. He answered honestly, "yes, there is never a time when not having her seems an option anymore, there are things that I would have done differently but I would not change having her in my life, not for one moment."
Sherlock scooped her up and cradled her against his bare chest. He frowned. “She’s three and a half weeks old, I doubt she had a good time.”
“I’m just checking.”
He stepped back into the house, ready to slam the door shut.
“How?” Mycroft asked, concern leaking into his voice.
Greg snorted and Mycroft glanced over at his brother and niece.
Sherlock nodded his head and caressed the side of his daughter’s face in a silent goodbye before ducking out of the flat. Mycroft, left alone with his niece, smiled and gestured towards the array of toys littering the sofa, “what shall we play with today?”
“You’ve met her?” Violet asked, still processing. “What’s she like?”
“So, what should I do?”
“You leaving?” John asked, looking up from his laptop.
“No, you’re good for him and he has a big enough ego. We don’t need him thinking that he’s won every argument before it’s started. He’s bad enough as it is.”
“It’s not an illogical fear.”
“Not for long, she hasn’t eaten since this morning.”
“Anthea.” Violet supplied.
“Hush.” She told him, leaning over the side of the bed and running a hand over his curls. He instinctively lent into her hand like a cat seeking attention from its owner. “I’ll make you some tea, you going to come down?”
Sherlock took his time picking up Maeve and resting her carefully over his shoulder, and packing their belongings away with one hand. When he was finished he left the family changing area and walked in the direction of the costa, John was talking to the barista getting them some drinks so Sherlock slid into a chair where the blonde would easily see him.
“So, this is your daughter,” Silvia said after a moment.
“Who’s teasing?”
Mycroft arched a brow.
“Well, where d’you think it came from?”
“Seriously?” Harry asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don’t be obtuse.”
“He’s going to miss his little girl.” Greg voiced, pushing himself to his feet and coming to stand in front of his partner. Mycroft hummed and looked down at the baby in his arms, she did look like her father. He was struck with the image of Sherlock as a child, the moment his parents had first brought him home wearing a white sleepsuit, small strands of black hair sticking up. She was the same, cream coat over the top of a purple outfit.
“I’ve upset her?” John asked, amused, “by insulting you.”
“No, the last part was a guess, a good one though,” Sherlock admitted with a sly smile. “I observed your expression Harold when I mentioned the holiday, your eyebrows raised minutely, hardly noticeable for anybody that isn’t me, you were surprised but pleasantly, not unpleasantly, from the age of the painting and the frame I deduced that it was from before John’s deployment.”
“Brother Mine.” Mycroft’s voice pulled him from his musings.
Mycroft said nothing, just shot an equally annoyed look at his partner then looked down at the floor.
“Maeve” Sherlock prompted.
“So, what’s the plan?” John asked. “How long are we going to be there? How many people are we going to talk to? When are we going to leave?”
“When she was taken?”
“You bring me tea in the morning?” He asked, drawing the flaps of his dressing gown around his body.
“You are aware that three of the victims were killed, yes?”
“Yes, haven’t you seen the papers?” John frowned.
“What?” John frowned.
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully and remembered the event, a mere four days previous. Since then he’d gotten her to laugh through physical stimulation such as tickling her or blowing raspberries on her stomach, and only thrice through no physical stimulation. It was similar to her first time, using expressions to surprise and amuse her but the last time had been in response to his physical pain, or more particularly the moment he had stubbed his toe and cursed.
“You do know that I’d never leave.” John said quickly, suddenly the conversation was getting really serious. “Not before, and definitely not now.”
There was nothing but the sound of soft snoring, breathing and the countryside to accompany them.
“Did he ask about me or Maeve?” Sherlock demanded.
“Little terror.” John repeated for him, “It’s a nickname.”
“Come in.” Greg instructed, running a hand through his silver hair.
John and Greg found an empty table at the back of the café and sat down opposite one another. John immediately lifted his tea to his lips and blew on it before taking a sip. Greg stirred his sugar and sighed.
“I would have understood.”
“Good girl,” he whispered to her.
Sherlock’s gaze narrowed critically.
“I’m a grown man.”
“It’s only a matter of time.”
“I promised to stay with you Mycroft. I intend to keep my promise.” Sherlock said firmly.
“What?” John asked, raising an eyebrow.
“It’s this time of year.” He explained as placed the cigarette on his lips.
“I heard that,” John grumbled.
“And you’re raising a little girl, pink is an acceptable colour.”
“Yes, you told me so in your texts and Gregory mentioned in the car journey over, in response to your face.”
“She abandoned my daughter,” the consulting detective snarled.
Anthea nodded and ducked away.
“John,” the older man greeted with a small smile. He stepped further into the room and place his niece on the matt in the centre on her belly, she immediately looked up and began to access her surroundings. He quickly turned on his heels and shut the baby gate fixed in the doorway. There were now gates in both of the doors leading into the flat and upstairs effectively putting the flat on lockdown for the soon to be moving infant.
“You’re atheists?” Greg hazarded a guess.
“Working.”
“You want to go to the zoo as much as I do, so get dressed.”
The waiter glanced at the book and then back up at Sherlock. “Right you are, this is your table.”
“I was pushed.” Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder and sat on the arm of John’s chair. Maeve shifted against him but remained calm. She sighed against him. “I’m sure you are eager to return to your air conditioned home.”
“So, that’s it for today,” she pouted. “But I’m sure that I’ll see some of you next week.”
Mycroft sighed and placed the newspaper back on the table, he crossed one leg elegantly over the over and placed both hands on his knee. He admitted, “Sherlock often alludes my surveillance, he’ll be found when he wants to be found.”
“You could have used a plate.” John sighed.
“You…this must have cost a fortune.”
“I’m not sure what possessed your father to get a cat.” She sighed. “I have no idea what’s going through that man’s mind most of the time.”
“I bet your daddy is driving Uncle Greg crazy.”
I have tons of work to do but finish uni on the 8th and will be updating regularly once more, might even update later as a reward for finishing this essay (if i ever finish this stupid essay)
Mycroft closed his eyes and bowed his head. He breathed in deeply. And out, softly, slowly.
“Won’t they want to meet her?”
“Yes, he fell.” He looked down, “would you like to hold her, I’ve got to warm up a bottle.”
“We could keep her,” Greg suggested. He was staring down at the infant in his arms as she stared back up at him, blue eyes wide and curious.
“And you don’t visit for two days, two days Mycroft, anything could have happed to the child in that time.” She continued.
“You,” Mycroft’s eyes flicked up to him, “are free to leave whenever you desire to.”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes firmly fixed on Maeve. The ‘we’ll talk about it later’ passed silently between them.
Maeve was asleep on the sofa next to John. John was also asleep, his head lolled to the side.
Mrs Hudson ascended the stairs with a tray.
“You’re good for her.”
“Boys, are we behaving?” He asked, knowing the answer already.
“And you can gloat to Mycroft in person.”
“The 2
“I’m sure that can be arranged,” Mycroft muttered as he folded the bag around the hat and placed it on the coffee table on top of the files in his briefcase. He placed both hands on the arms of his chair and looked in on his sleeping daughter. Her small lips were pursed and her cheeks red. He checked her temperature quickly with the back of his hand against her forehead, cheek and then touched her hands to be sure. She was warm but not warm enough for concern.
Maeve’s babbled reached a peak.
“Because I have little patience to do so.” Sherlock answered.
“He was meticulous and fast,” Sherlock rose to his full height and turned to face the grey haired man. “He brought the body in and left him, Robert didn’t move, obvious from the blood on the floor. The person that found him…”
Maeve heard and felt her father speak. His deep voice rumbling in his chest against her back and searched around inquisitively for the source, she looked at John then craned her neck to get a look at her father.
“No,” Sherlock answered quickly, not bothering to knock as he reached the door. Instead he walked straight in to the reception room of Mycroft’s office, glanced at the man sitting at the desk for a brief moment and walked straight into the room.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to his father but he said nothing. “Tea.”
Sherlock emerged from the bedroom and walked swiftly down the hallway with his suit jacket hung neatly over his arm, expertly doing up the buttons on his cuffs. He looked up at his mother, she watching him approach with a mixture of pride and joy, once again threatening to cry, which he knew would be a regular occurrence for the rest of the day.
Sherlock pursed his lips in consideration.
“The receptionist has a
“Maeve,” Sherlock managed in response.
“Enjoy a day about the town.” He suggested.
Maeve's been kidnapped and everyone is left reeling. Mycroft does everything in his power to help his baby brother and try to get his niece back unharmed. Help comes from an unlikely source.
“Bit not good.” Sherlock agreed.
“I wasn’t talking about the sunrise,” John teased.
So, I want to set myself a kind of deadline to get this done by June, if not sooner. What do you think? Think I can do it?
Mycroft, with the assistance of Maeve, ended up in the centre of a rather large group of people, mostly women that were practically fighting for his attention. It was obvious that Maeve was the reason that they had migrated towards him but Mycroft being an eligible bachelor, to their knowledge, didn’t deter their attention in the slightest. It was, in Sherlock’s opinion, rather incredible how his brother was able to blend into the group without the slightest clue that he loathed the entire situation, like a chameleon changing his colour in order to stalk its prey. He was a master of disguise, not like the consulting detective himself, but rather the persona he displayed at all time, unable to shut it off.
“Yes, she’s still small though.” Mycroft chose his words carefully. She was much like Sherlock, a small baby.
“I’m under the assumption, and I mean no offence, that Claire was going to be taking baby home.”
“And your father?” His eyes flicked to John.
The officer glanced at Greg, the DI nodded and he turned back to Sherlock, nodding his head.
Sherlock hesitated. “She’s outside with my companion.”
John handed his empty whisky glass to Sherlock and took the wriggling baby. She was over-excited and it didn’t take a genius to figure out that she’d soon be overtired and a nightmare to put to bed. He walked away from the genii and back towards the small group at the bar. The men cheered at his return and immediately there were questions about the small, beautiful baby in his arms.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and placed his phone on the desk. “Why?” he asked, leaning back in his chair and fixing his brother with a look of annoyance.
“Not long now.” Doctor Green beamed, her hands roaming over Clair’s exposed midsection, which resembled, to put it delicately, a watermelon. The skin, red and raw from stretching, was smooth and littered with marks.
“There never is, Mycroft.” Sherlock slammed the papers onto the table.
“You’ve woken the cat up now.” John told her off gently, leaning down in his chair.
“But-” Harry started.
“Well, you’ll have your beautiful baby soon, and that’s all that matters.” The doctor smiled. “It shouldn’t be more than a week, baby is already in position, and I think we’ll have a quick birth.”
“I was not scared. I had reservations about the effect she would have on my life and I on hers.”
"The similarities between us." Sherlock said in his 'you can be completely dense sometimes' voice.
“Sexual sadist, the torture he inflicts is pleasure to him, he’s chosen to profit from it.” Sherlock told them. “The choice of victims is telling; he chooses men and women between the age of sixteen and seventeen, the object of his rage or desires, in this case, would have been the same age when the fixations began. He may or may not have acted on this but there will be previous convictions of a violent nature.”
Mrs Hudson called up before she entered the flat carrying a tray with her butterfly tea set upon it, she paused in the doorway to look at the consulting detective. Sherlock was sat in his chair, hands steepled beneath his chin and apparently deep in thought, though he blinked and his grey eyes flicked to Mrs Hudson immediately and softened slightly, before huffing an insincere annoyed breath.
“I’ll get you a tea,” Mrs Hudson went to get up.
“It’s nothing.”
His eyes flicked up and met John’s before lowering again.
“Hmmm” Sherlock hummed in agreement.
“Your age is showing, little brother.”
“She was arrested on the charges of: four counts of murder, including that of two strangers, her sister and her partner; GBH and the attempted murder of one Sherlock Holmes; also the intent to harm Maeve Holmes” Siger told them, Mycroft had kept him informed on every detail “she’ll be in prison for the rest of her life with no chance of parole or early release on good behaviour.”
Sherlock jerked expectantly, stepping back and putting some distance between him and the cot. “Don’t be absurd John” He snapped. His gaze flickered to the army doctor, whose blue eyes were fixed on him in a mixture of confusion and amusement. “Why would I want to do that?”
Maeve hiccupped, her whole body jerking with the force of it.
Sherlock nodded. “In a little bit.”
Violent looked up and noticed her sons.
“Goodnight.” Mycroft got into the car, a few moment later it pulled away from the curb.
Now, he had his parents to deal with. They texted that they were on their way back.
Mycroft had done a good job. There was never any doubt but the consulting detective was impressed. The flat was clean and tidy, the nursery done and now everything was put away, thanks to John. He took one last look before going back downstairs and straight into his room ignoring the look John gave him. The army doctor was at the table, his book abandoned and now reading one of the childcare books that Sherlock had picked up during their shopping trip.
John raised his gaze for a moment and shot Sherlock a ‘please explain’ look. “And that made her kill her sister?”
“There is hope that she will sleep.”
There were no words. Nothing he could say would make this better for him, so instead he kept silent and occasionally touched him, the back of his hand of his shoulder, to reassure him that he was still there. There was no gratitude, no sign that he even registered the touch; just his blank face, a blink and his empty eyes.
“I’ve been coming for a few weeks now and haven’t seen you before.” She explained, stepping into pace beside him as they walked through the pool changing room towards the family area.
“Time.” Anthea interrupted the staring contest between her boss and his partner, drawing theirs and the other occupants of the room attention to the screen. The red numbers had reached zero and Sherlock looked down at his phone expectantly.
“Quite.”
“She did not like the avocado or,” he gestured at the wet spot.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade greeted as he walked out of the crime scene.
“Yes, she’s very well behaved.”
“Stop fussing.” Mycroft countered.
“Why?”
“Don’t be such a sour puss.”
John nodded. “Well, we’d be glad to accept your offer.”
In response Sherlock held Maeve out further in offering to the doctor, John secured his grasp on her under her arm pits and brought her close to his body, repositioning her with little difficulty to be lain flat on her back on both of his arms, looking up at him. He told Sherlock, "I'm just going to weight her and then check her over."
“No.” Sherlock said simply, affronted.
Lestrade nodded and puffed, “Sherlock.”
John levelled her with a look. “Your teeth hurt?”
Sherlock Holmes eyes were clear like the sea after the storm. He glanced around absently as he edged down the stairs in small practiced movements, the wood cold against his bare feet. Both hands were dedicated to his daughter; one hand holding her firmly against his chest and the other utilised as a dummy for the infant. She sucked on the finger and held it there, he was reluctant to take his hand away from her.
He was right, the photograph was very nice and the first of its kind in the flat but Sherlock doubted it would be the last. It was black and white, Maeve lying on her back atop of a teal silk sheet. She was completely nude, with her knees bent and a foot covering her privates. Both of her hands were resting on her torso. Her dark hair was neat and long eyelashes resting against her rosy cheeks, pink lips pursed thoughtfully as though he was thinking hard in her sleep.
“That’s not true.” He snapped.
She carried on crying. He could never settle Sherlock down at times like these, his daughter he imagined would be equally as challenging. Violet was always good in these moments.
“It’s all been rather sudden.”
The blonde reached down to untangle the infants hands from the cats fur and pick her up as she cried, tears already streaming down her cheeks as she screamed with frustration, sad and angry that she wasn’t getting her way. It was nothing compared to her cries of pain but still horrible to listen to.
“The elder brother?” She asked.
She was desperately fighting off the urge to sleep, skin pale and black hair covered by a cute purple hat with white polka dots and small ears at the top. It matched the trousers she was wearing over a baby grow with a cartoon doe drawn on it, the doe wore a purple bow the exact colour of the trousers and hat. She wore a small coat over the top almost the exact match of Sherlock’s in a miniature version and a blue knitted scarf similar to one that Sherlock had worn in the past.
Maeve looked up at him, blue eyes wide and mouth parted as if she was actually interested in what he had to say. Sherlock slipped on his coat and wrapped his scarf around his neck careful to keep his eyes on his daughter the entire time, though she was too young to roll over it was better to be vigilant. He scooped her up and carried her downstairs, letting her hold his finger tightly in her tiny fists.
“I believe I just was.” He flashes an overly fake smile.
Mrs Hudson bustled around the flat, tidying and cleaning as she went, while Mycroft sorted out the baby supplies littering the living room. He placed all the toys in boxes in the corner. Maeve was sat on the sofa, propped up by pillows in a sitting position with a large rubber ring in her mouth, chewing it enthusiastically.
“Time to get out.” He announced, rising to his feet. Sherlock plucked her up, careful of her slippery skin and wrapped her up in a small soft towel, leaving only her face revealed. He placed a kiss on her small nose. She blinked in surprised and her eyes crossed in an attempt to look at her own nose, when she failed, she looked back up at Sherlock. Her expression was torn between pride and annoyance. Sherlock bit his lip to stop himself smiling. “Yes, you’re very smart darling. A genius.”
Sherlock shrugged and kissed the top of Maeve’s head.
“Hardly” Sherlock scoffed.
“What?” Sally’s was taken completely off guard.
“He wanted me to take the case, keep it in the family.” Greg explained. “He knows how you hate people prying into your business.” Sherlock made a noise at the back of his throat, that of disgust and disbelief.
“They were all found in abandoned or empty houses.” Sally told him. Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement. Maeve sighed sleepily against his chest, the rumble of his deep voice soothing to her. She continued. “He takes them and dumps them within twenty-four hours.”
John nodded. “He’s taken it in his stride.”
It was cold outside but they were wrapped up warm.
“Unfortunately no, I have a meeting to attend. I can only stay for another forty-six minutes.” The auburn haired man smiled politely at the older man.
“Mycroft.” Sherlock voiced in annoyance.
“Right, is he feeling sorry for himself?” John sighed.
“Why?”
Sherlock watched John climb out of the car. The ex-army doctor moved to the back of the car, opened the door and lent across the seat to unstrap Maeve’s carseat. She stirred but did not wake. Sherlock climbed out of the car and retrieved the keys from his pocket as John scooped up Maeve and placed her against his chest, face tilted towards his neck. Her nose scrunched up and she squirmed against him.
“Yes,” Mycroft lent against the desk and crossed his arms over his chest.
The moment the plane landed and the air hostess told them they were free to leave Sherlock grabbed the nappy bag, rose to his feet and rushed off of the plane leaving a confused John in his wake.
“Has she been ok?” Sherlock asked, not looking at his friend and voice strained.
“Have you eaten?” Sherlock shook his head. “Shall I order something?”
“Why am I doing this?” The blonde asked, unwrapping Maeve from the towel cocoon she was in and beginning the process of rubbing the lotion onto her pale skin. She made the job more difficult by kicking and flinching the moment he touched her skin. “Sorry, is it cold?”
Harry snorted.
“Not my face,” Sherlock frowned, “my expression.”
Sally shot him a look as though he’d grown an eye in the middle of his forehead.
Mycroft took the initiative and stepped closer to his younger brother, collected façade slipping as he watched the paramedic apply pressure to the wound on his brother’s lower left side. Sherlock flinched and he reached up, shaking off John’s hand and dropping the oxygen mask. The auburn haired man bent down slightly and Sherlock found her hand, he held it gently in his own.
His mother’s face softened in apology.
Mycroft’s eyes flicked over the three Watsons stood with a tour guide and then back to John. He smiled.
Siger glanced at Maeve and spoke gently “you do have a child.”
Sherlock watched John look up from the ground to the unoccupied face painting booth beneath a beach umbrella and sniffed, “she’s too young for face paint.”
“Yeah, he’s one of the good ones.” John nodded.
“Ok, well I’ll be about forty minutes.” John scratched the back of his neck.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and stood up, brining Maeve with him. He was holding her against his body, her back against his torso with a hand between her legs and his arm holding her firmly. His mother stopped in the doorway and broke into a grin. “Sherlock.” She stepped into the room and kissed her son on the cheek.
” Jim promised and hung up the phone.
Boxing day with the family.
“Yeah, she has a thing about that.” John managed, eyes closed under the onslaught of small fists grasping at his face.
John stopped as he reached the door. “Sherlock” The army doctor exhaled at the sight of the consulting detective, still in his clothes with his wine red dressing gown over the top, a baby in a white blanket held in his long arms. She was asleep and wearing a small pink hat, a dark curl peeking out from beneath it. Red face scrunched up slightly.
Maeve whined loudly from her chair.
“She’s taking the train tomorrow.”
Sherlock hummed in response and offered his daughter the last spoonful of food. Without asking, John unstrapped and picked up the baby so that she was sat on his lap, his hand beneath his chin and began rubbing her back in the patient manner they always did after she’d eaten a meal. It wasn’t the same as milk but it helped with any wind. When he was satisfied that she was fine he took the bottle from Sherlock, it was merely a top up after her food but she accepted the teat and started drink.
“I like cats.” John said, pacified by the consulting detectives words.
Sherlock have a curt nod and stepped into the living room. He strode purposely over to the Moses basket between the armchairs and placed Maeve in it, checking that she was comfortable and rose to his feet. John watched with interest as his face shifted, contorting with different emotions.
Sherlock shrugged. “No doubt we will be staying in, in a bid to avoid the bustle of London and this heat.”
“It tastes sort-of banana-ry,” John told him. “Just artificial.”
“Did you see his face when she started crying?” Violet asked, beaming with pride.
“Have you eaten today?” The silence was answer enough. “Angelo’s tonight?”
There were sirens approaching in the background…good…that was good.
The consulting detective then walked over to his mouth, stride long and strong. He stopped in front of her, the grey haired woman stood up and gazed down at the child with wonder. Her thin hand settled on her black hair, barely touching her but still just feeling the warmth and precious skull of the child beneath her. The baby’s eyes were blue; bright and inquisitive. She had no doubt that they would settle and match her fathers. She was gorgeous. The image of Sherlock as a baby.
Sherlock shook his head. “I need…” he looked around and lowered his voice, “I need her close.”
“I held her and let her chew on my finger.”
“Precisely” Sherlock articulated with a quick fake smile.
“I know you prefer the city” he continued, “but there’s something about the quiet of the country.”
“Is she wearing pink?” He asked, rhetorically.
Pale. Tired. Her nose twitching ever so slightly, a nervous habit of hers, and her eyes, though looking at him, were doing everything to avoid direct eye contact. A sheen of sweat collecting in her hairline.
“They’ll be analysing our every move no doubt.”
“Darling, are you sure that there isn’t anything we can do to help you?” His mother asked, standing up and leaning over the chairs from behind.
“Apologies about Claire.” Sherlock said quietly.
“Stop sulking and feed your daughter.” John told him. He picked up two plates and placed them on the table, one in front of Sherlock and the other opposite for him.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on his daughter.
"This will pinch" he told him.
“She ok?” Harold asked, leaning over to get a good look at the sleeping baby.
"Yes." John urged gently.
“It’s not low tar, is it?” He asked, feigning annoyance. It was clear to the both of them he was grateful.
“There’s no way that she’s going to sit quietly through the meal, is there?” John asked in a hushed tone.
