Sebastian saw the man...he had a gun...It was just...too god-damn perfect. A raged scream came from Sebastian as he tackled the man, taking the food tray and bashed his head in with it. He kept hitting the man's head until he heard footsteps rushing towards him. Sebastian didn't think as he grabbed the gun from the now dead man and fired at who ever was coming at him. The sound of the gun was music to his ears. The Soldier screamed as he mowed anyone who came into view, emptying the clip.
Sherlock hummed softly as John came over and kissed his temple gently before heading out. Sentiment…John had enough for the both of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
The captain looked sharply to the face above him and relaxed. “S...Sherlock. Shit...”John sat up, still gripping the detective's shirt. “Sorry.”
John had made Sherlock promise to eat more. Even if it was sweets, John didn’t care. Something here and there eased the Doctor’s tensions.
“Work. Reading things.”Sherlock said. John rolled his eyes. “...John. I can't do it on mine, they'll trace it back to me.”
“I know.” Sebastian scowled. “Nay one knew, and I was there…and I saw our men die. Captain John Watson….fock yer title. Yah left us behind.”
The deep baritone voice pulled John up and out of his dream abruptly, a large hand patting his face. John jerked, scrabbling for any thing to hold, finding an arm and a shirt to hold onto. He blinked rapidly, panting as he collected himself.
“So. I became what they said I did. Jim lets me kill all them civilians I want and does nay care.” Sebastian held up the cigarette and then slowly pushed the burning end against John’s chest, baring his teeth as he did so.
One of the men grabbed his nose, pinching it closed. Sebastian gasped, forced to open his mouth. He jerked a bit as another man came in, pushing two fingers into his mouth, leaving behind pills. As Sebastian made to spit them out, the third man forced his jaw shut. Panic set in again as the soldier twisted and turned, trying to breath. The man's eyes were blank and hard as he watched Sebastian struggle. They stared at each other, fire in Sebastian's eyes as he fought and squirmed against his captors.
Again, I am terribly sorry for not updating as much as I wanted. Between getting a 40K dissertation done about the Transformative properties of Fairy Stories into Ghost Stories in Shetland, I also moved into a cheaper flat. And became a Beekeeper. And entering into PhD.
“Time to play.” The text read.
His phone went off across the room, followed by a small blip indicating that there was a photo attached to the text. Sherlock paused, turning his body towards the phone. Mycroft would just call if it was important…was it John? He went over to his phone, picking it up and pulled the text up.
Sherlock held John for a while longer, letting the smaller man settle and relax. He didn’t mind the affection and closeness from John. Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling the warmth of the sun slide over his back and up over his shoulder. The calm was broken by the loud beeping of John’s alarm clock, causing the doctor to groan and roll over to hit the off button. Sherlock let John go as he rose from the bed to go shower and shave. He listens to the water run as he stared up at the ceiling. His mind seemed keenly interested in everything that was John…He found he didn’t mind that he never left the room labelled “John Hamish Watson” in his mind palace when the captain was around. John would always come first…Sherlock found it to be a way to centre himself after a case. John’s annoyed sighs and wrinkled nose after Sherlock did something he didn’t approve of were some of Sherlock’s favourite expressions.
My life.
“F-Fuc-OH!” John cried out as the lust in him spilled over into Sherlock's hand, bucking up into him as Sherlock slammed his hips against him. The orgasm was dragged out of him as Sherlock rolled his body against John's, hosting a leg over a shoulder, rutting harder into him. John gasped, crying out as Sherlock spilled into him. They cried out together, John whimpering, letting Sherlock milk himself in him, shuddering to a slow stop.
“Glad I can turn you on.”He muttered softly. Sherlock snorted a bit and looked to John.
The captain stood and went over to Sherlock silently, sliding into bed next to him, curling up against his body. The fresh scent of shampoo floating from John’s hair, along with lavender soap Molly had bought them for cleaning clothes. Sherlock curled into John, holding him close.
“Seems our time is up, Sherlock. Now you know the game.” Jim let go of Sherlock, watching the great detective slump against the glass and curl up against the floor. “Your brother will want to make a note of this in his little book of his.” Jim drawled, his footsteps crossing the cold hard floor.
"Yes, Sherlock" he says when he finally stops laughing but it is okay, because he is not laughing at me.  It think.  Sometimes it is hard to tell with John.
“Yeah, not too bad and yourself?”
“So you will marry me?” Sherlock asked, suddenly feeling nervous.  He waited what felt like forever for Johns answer.
I am pulled out of my worrisome thoughts by Johns chuckle.  Oh shit.  Apparently I said that last part aloud.
“Just telling her not to waste her time.  Plenty of other fine men in the pub, she at least chase one who is going to acknowledge her.”
~~~~~~~~~~
"Sherlock Holmes.  You will go and get your pants, this minute" he commands and I ignore the stirring in my lower abdomen that that tone of voice causes.
“Well, now you do, so, Doctor Watson, should we get married?” Sherlock asked, smiling back at John and holding out his hand.
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the bed moving beside him and of something cool and damp (hopefully not soaked in formaldehyde, chlorine or Snuggle fabric softener) dragging over his skin, but he was too blank to actually register that John was looking after him.  Why should he register it. It was something that John had always done, he was just doing it in a different way now.
Who knew, maybe a case would happen.
And with that, they got married.
Sherlock continued on with the last of his cold cases and John pulled out the chess board. Sherlock showed a passing interest as John set the pieces on the board and John informed him that hell would freeze over before he played chess with him again.
“Mmmm” was Sherlock’s non-committal reply and John took it as a yes and went about preparing a risotto while he talked to his daughter.
Whoever was on the other end of that Skype call must be interesting, that’s for sure.  The last time Greg interrupted a conversation like that was between Sherlock and his parents and Sherlock had just slammed the lid of his laptop shut as soon as Greg walked in the room.  No goodbye or anything.
“I know what it means.  But why not?”
“Is that a wedding ring around your neck?”  Sally Donovan sounded like she wanted to laugh and it took a few seconds to realise that she was looking at Sherlock.
i honestly don't want to think about s4 and the possible catastrophic fallout of whatever mofftiss consider "the darkest we've gone yet" means for the boys
hurry, aren’t we, De – Lestrade?”
Sherlock didn’t care; he couldn’t care less what John thought. He reached out to refill his wine glass and found the bottle empty. The unlit candle on the next table mocked him. Sherlock mentally gave it the finger.
"Oh, Sherlock," Mrs Hudson murmurs, tossing the duster onto the sofa and enveloping him in a hug. He pats her awkwardly on the back because he doesn't know what else to do; he doesn't need consolation. He'd known what he was getting himself into from the moment Magnussen taunted John and he palmed the gun from John's pocket.
Sherlock crossed his legs under the table and waited, as Angelo walked off, for John to say the inevitable.
He’s just about done with the rosetta on the latte when a pointed exclamation of “Disgusting!” followed by the telltale
"Mrs Hudson, I-" Mycroft starts, appalled.
“How would
“Just get it to him,” John mutters, opening the gate and pushing Molly lightly into the café proper, “I’ll do the latte.”
They’re at a crime scene (locked room murder, no windows), and because Sherlock had (foolishly) agreed to a bet the other day, John is now doing everything in his power to deter Sherlock from his investigation.
This is flying, and John’s going to be with him every step of the way this time.
"Oh, so you admit it was a suicide mission?"
“John? John!” Sherlock calls now, startling John so badly he does drop his coffee beans, this time. They scatter over the polished tabletop and the floor, and only a select few make their way into the actual machine. John crouches to gather the fallen beans, face burning; he wonders if the grinder will swallow him whole, if he prays hard enough. Across the room, Sherlock frowns slightly, lips pulling into a downward moue, “You
Molly turns her back to him, though not before John catches sight of her smile, and of the flush rising high on her cheeks. “He only has americano, and he only ever takes it black, at that. Well,” she concedes, sprinkling cocoa powder over the foam-penis now, “Black with at least two sugars.”
he’d feared the worst, feared that he’d be too late, that Shan would realize she had the wrong man, and John’s body would be all he found.)
“About –
Molly covers her mouth with one hand, eyes crinkling – in concern? With laughter? John decides he doesn’t want to know. Molly lowers her hand. “He’ll be back, John. I know he will.”
“Sherlock, I really don’t think –” John protested, swatting at Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder.
“I’m a storyteller,” John tells him, “I know when I’m in one.”
did you overdose?”
John was looking at him expectantly, and this was the part where Sherlock was meant to say something, to console.
He takes a deep breath, looking into John’s eyes.  “Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again,” he says, each word leaving his throat scraped raw, his heart ache, “I might as well say it now.”
In perfect synchronicity, Holmes and Watson aim a kick at Moriarty’s back, sending the criminal mastermind plummeting to his watery doom hundreds of feet below, all without breaking the kiss.
John examines his minute reflection in the brass, and squints at the smear of bright red-green he can see trailing from his jacket. What on earth? He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his work apron – a seasonal one Mike had specially made for December, complete with tinsel trimming – and grimaces, hurriedly stuffing it back. He must’ve forgotten to hang it up before leaving the coffeehouse.
“To save me from te-ears,” Molly continues, oblivious to John’s pain as she scrubs energetically at a syrup stain on the counter, “I’ll give it to someone spesh-shalll.”
“Not until you say it,” she says, eyes twinkling as John lunges and she steps out of reach yet again, taunting him with the card.
He doesn’t know why he does this; it probably makes him a masochist of some sort, to go digging through his tortured emotions, to rub salt into the wound, as it were.
Thinking back on it, John grins, because it’s such a
idea what it was like for me when you went and bloody jumped off St. Barts’ roof? I mourned – for months, a whole bloody year, and then you show up like the right ray of sunshine you are, and I just –”
He falls.
John’s eyes are red-rimmed and his voice is strained. “You utter berk,” he says with feeling. “Got me scared for a moment there.”
Sherlock swears, meeting John’s eyes for the briefest of moments. His eyes are frenzied and he looks utterly helpless; more out of his depth than John’s ever seen him. Sherlock’s helplessness is what finally galvanizes John into action.
John types as quickly as his cold hands will permit, not helped along by Sherlock, who literally stands next to him and breathes down his neck, huffing impatiently and
“It was – an
manage to roll onto his side, however, and his eyes widen when he sees John slumped against the far wall, unconscious and held at gun point by his ex-wife.
“John
” Holmes says matter-of-factly,
“Sherlock!” John calls from where he’s sat on the sofa, not taking his eyes off the telly screen. “Come watch this – it’s hilarious.”
. John’s vision swims back into bleary focus to find his assailant standing feet away, pointing both guns at Sherlock, who’s slowly getting to his feet, both hands in the air. Michaels’ prone body lies somewhere to his right, apparently knocked out cold.
“That’s the whole of it,” Sherlock clarifies, “If you’re looking for baby names.”
The bomb on the train carriage safely switched off, Sherlock straightens to face John on his knees, because if he doesn’t say it now, doesn’t get it off his chest, he doesn’t know how he ever will.
Searing pain lances through his chest as Sherlock looks across the field and catches Mary’s eye. Her being here is a visceral reminder of the part she plays in John’s life, and knowing that John is going to be in good hands doesn’t ease the ache in his chest the slightest. (
“Shut up,” Sherlock murmured, not taking his eyes off the text he was sending Lestrade. He checked the time and frowned; their suspect should have arrived by now.
“It’s not,” John says, letting go of Sherlock’s wrist, twining their hands together instead. “I’ll tell you what this is – it’s something that’s been a long time coming.”
John closes his eyes, resigning himself to his fate. He pushes himself to his feet, and does his best to look presentable, standing there with apron askew, his hair a lost cause, and coffee beans falling from his person at intervals to
. He waited impatiently for the rest of it, hating the part of him that dared to hope.
Suddenly preoccupied with flicking off some imaginary lint on his lapel, Sherlock doesn’t answer.
you go on that suicide mission with me, John!" Sherlock growls, tightening his hold on John's kneecap to the point of pain.
” he shouts,
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
The voices were getting closer. Any minute now. “Mouth, neck,
John snorted and kept his hand where it was, tugging with his other so that Sherlock’s arm was looped around his shoulders.
“Why,” Sherlock narrows his eyes at John, glances down at the candle suspiciously. “Why are you doing this? John, I swear to God, if this is out of pity I will –”
"Sorry, it was what?" John says, eyes narrowed as he glances up. (This close to the detective, he
“I made a mistake,
I’m so cold I c – can’t control my bodily f – functions,” John whispered, because they were in the middle of a stakeout and subterfuge was nothing if not his strong suit.
It’s taken him approximately eight years but now Sherlock has a conclusive answer: John Watson is a terror and menace to mankind.
, that he’ll never leave him even if turns out to be mad, because it’ll always be
Sherlock frowns.
The landing is the most physically painful thing he’s ever had to endure.
reason I still think this is the best first date I’ve ever been on.”
“And it’s – my fault?” Sherlock asks, the pain of his knees against the unyielding floor nothing compared to the crushing weight on his chest.
. “That I’ll always be here when you need me, Sherlock. That it’ll always be the two of us against the rest of this bloody world.”
John chuckles, some of the sadness leaving his eyes as they crinkle in amusement. “We’ve had a scan. We’re pretty sure it’s going to be girl.”
is that supposed to mean?” he says to the room at large. He glances at Sherlock, who for some reason has sunk extremely low in his seat, almost as though he’s trying to melt into and become one with their sofa. “Sherlock?”
John frowns down at the drink, a slight break in the foamy dick indicating where Sherlock had taken a sip (just the one) before condemning it. Then, before his professional and better judgement can stop him, he raises the cup to his lips and takes a cautious sip, and then another. He’s expecting, perhaps, too much espresso and not enough milk, but to his surprise the coffee tastes exactly as it’s supposed to, with just the right hint of cocoa powder.
In the silence that follows, John’s disappointment is deafening. Sherlock closes his eyes and desperately wishes he were back in his Mind Palace, comfortably ensconced by a fireplace in an alternate timeline where John doesn’t leave. (Or even if he does, that he’ll always come back to help Sherlock fight his demons.)
come alone since his very first americano at their café four months, two weeks and three days ago and because b) both John and Molly are rather invested in their regular’s romantic life. (For different reasons entirely, or so John would argue at any given opportunity.)
sends their brother off to his own death without batting an eye because it was 'best for the government'?"
," John says quietly, only the slightest tremour in his right hand betraying his anger, "It's that there's never a good reason to send a good man to his death, and in my book, that makes you as bad as the enemy."
What follows is a routine so comfortable and familiar, it feels like they’re slipping back into habit, when really it’s the first time they’ve done so. They watch crap telly together until an ungodly hour of night, Sherlock ridiculing every single plot hole and John content to just listen.
,” Sherlock says with austerity, then ruining it when he giggles at the end of the sentence. “You’re –
John looks at him, his expression a mixture of sadness, regret and apprehension.
Their element of surprise lasts all of two seconds, which is enough time for Sherlock to knock Michaels to the ground and pin him, still struggling, the gun clattering uselessly to the side. John, however, is not quite so lucky. Supplier-Murderer guy quickly recovers, throwing out an elbow that catches John hard in the ribs and sends him to his knees. Reeling, John barely has time to catch his breath before he’s dealt another swift blow to the temple, and from the resounding
“I’m not done,” John cuts in, cupping the back of Sherlock’s neck. His thumb brushes against Sherlock’s pulse point, which he’s gratified to find is fluttering madly under his touch. “You dragged me halfway across London tonight, on some hare-brained rendezvous with a crook and a murderer, didn’t even bother calling any of your pals at the Yard for back-up and just recklessly endangered both our lives on a fucking hunch you had and yet for
Sherlock frowns. “You saw her just last –”
He closes his eyes and hears John telling him he’s s
Sherlock?”
There’s the sound of a pistol cocking, and Watson steps into frame. John sags against the sofa cushions in relief; he doesn’t think he’d be able to handle it if the director had actually written Holmes’ death into the film. Watching Sherlock plummet to his death from a rooftop was more than enough, thank you very much. He has no desire to see it enacted, not even a Victorian version of it.
, no - I'll, yes," Sherlock says, the words falling in a nonsensical rush from his mouth. He flexes his jaw; it's still stiff, but at least he can speak properly. "Yes, I remember."
“John, I –” Sherlock begins, his courage failing with every word. He tightens his fists, until he feels the sharp sting of his fingernails cutting into the flesh of his palms. He relents, takes the coward’s way out, as is his wont. “Sherlock is actually a girl’s name.”
He talks, because talking is what he does best, and when rhetoric fails in the face of the Black Lotus Tong, he throws caution to the wind and darts out from the cover of darkness to free Sarah. (Because s
When he comes to, he's in a hospital. Not a morgue, not a crematorium (he checked) and John's dozing at the foot of his bed, chin drooping and arms crossed over his chest. A glance to his left shows the IV drip feeding him morphine; his hand itches to up the dosage.
But he
Sherlock barely spares the circled fact a glance before snorting so derisively John half-expects Lestrade to concede the point, if only to avoid hearing such contempt directed at him ever again. Evidently Lestrade is a stronger man than John has previously given him credit for, however, because he holds his ground, merely raises his eyebrows and waits as Sherlock tears open the second sugar packet, stirs its contents in, before finally deigning to give Lestrade a straight answer. (For two people who insist they’re in a hurry, they certainly have a lot of time to spare for Sherlock’s theatrics. John wonders if, when Lestrade made that
“Come on, Sherlock,” John says, “Solve this and we’ll leave right now, I promise. I won’t even make you stay and explain it to Lestrade – you can text him later. Just solve this one case – for me.”
John glances at his friend, amused. “Did you forget that you
Lestrade snorts.
“But what about the –”
“John,” Sherlock said, pushing at John. He didn’t budge. If anything, he started applying even
Holmes and Watson settle in for a night of ghost-baiting, and John finds himself leaning forward slightly in his seat, because it’s a suspenseful moment and he doesn’t want to miss the moment the ghost appears.
There's a brief silence in which they both abruptly become aware of the rather precarious situation they're in: Sherlock, backed up against the sofa and John, pressed against Sherlock's front with his wrists held hostage by the detective. (John's gaze flickers down to Sherlock's throat, where he can see his friend's pulse fluttering, hummingbird-quick.)
,” Anderson says, his gaze flickering between John and Sherlock, still on the other side of the room and completely absorbed in his deductions.
Unbidden, something warm curled in Sherlock’s chest at the sight of his scarf on John. He realized his hand was still on John’s chest and hurriedly yanked it away.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Don't be daft, John. Of
"Good, good," the man murmurs, and proffers a hand to Sherlock. "Culverton Smith, how d'you do."
“You’re just trying to make me say something nice,” he says testily, and Sherlock laughs brokenly because it’s true.
SHERLOCK:
“No, don’t.” John catches Molly’s wrist before she pours the cappuccino down the drain, a spectacular idea occurring to him, “Let’s give it to our regular.”
really? No wonder you changed your name."
,” he snaps, rather more viciously than he intended.
“Shush, Molly. What if he’s
“Th – thanks.”
–” she reaches into the front pocket of John’s apron and plucks Sherlock’s business card from it “– everywhere you go?”
made the tea approximately three seconds before you sat down? Of course it’s hot, idiot.”
be through the –
, aren’t we?”
“For –” Sherlock waves an arm vaguely in a gesture that hopefully conveys
“Jesus
John slides the cup across the counter to him, watches as Sherlock brings the cup to his lips, takes a first sip, and then practically inhales the rest of the coffee.
“Sherlock,” John says carefully, “Sherlock, look at me.”
The glare Sherlock levels at Lestrade could have withered roses in full bloom. As it is (and without any nearby plants he can nip in their buds, most likely), Sherlock settles for taking a long sip from his sugar-drenched cappuccino instead of deigning Lestrade’s words with a verbal response.
“Don’t hit me,” he tells John, before reaching out and tugging on John’s wrist, harder than is strictly necessary, so he over-balances and falls, bearing Sherlock to the floor in the process.
The pressure eased as John lifted his head and took a step back, leaving Sherlock feeling incredibly bereft all of a sudden.
Sherlock's mouth twists into an unhappy moue. "You heard me perfectly well, John."
John nods, rather jerkily. “What am I doing here, Sherlock?”
Sherlock grins, unfolding and standing quickly, ignoring John's protests. He turns and heads for his bedroom, untying the belt of his dressing gown as he does so.
John pinches the bridge of nose and exhales. “No,” he says, exasperated, “I said you should never put them in bloody fridge in the
"Hmph," John says, sounding like he's actually considering it. "I think it'd be better if you -"
something?"
. They’re gone. You can, uh, stop now.”
that makes him taste concrete and see stars, he acknowledges vaguely that he’s just been hit with the barrel of the gun.
“Right?” John says, “About what?”
“It’s just –” John says, suddenly overcome with a fit of giggles, “I don’t think I’ve heard anyone in real life use the term
,” Moriarty says, grinning sadistically down at Holmes. (Sherlock makes a noise that sounds suspiciously like a whimper. His free hand, resting on his thigh, clenches into a fist.) “
, indeed,” Sherlock says stiffly. He stands so quickly he collides with the coffee table, and makes his escape through the kitchen door before John can get another word out.
do you mean, you were sending him to his death?" John shouts, and Sherlock's never seen him this angry in the years they've known each other (and that's including the time he found a dismembered testicle in their bathroom sink). He tries to recall the last time John's gotten angry on his behalf, and can only conjure up pre-Moriarty, pre-Magnussen memories.
“I can keep my mouth shut, you know,” John says, tapping an irate finger against the hardwood counter, “There wasn’t any need to threaten me with jail-time.”
Besides him, John sputtered indignantly. “I’m n – not sp – speaking!”
," Sherlock groans, "And Donovan. Happy? Why don't I just apologize to the whole bloody Yard while I'm at it? Make an announcement on the PA system?"
She was gone before Sherlock could think to thank her, across the room and engrossed in a discussion with Mrs. Hudson about cats. He took a sip of the tea (semi-skimmed milk and with a ridiculous amount of sugar, just how he liked it), and wondered how it was possible to feel like he was losing John when in fact he’d already lost him two years ago, standing atop St. Bart’s with a phone in his hand and John’s heart in his mouth.
Because at least then he wouldn’t have to live with the knowledge that he’s caused John Watson so much pain.
“Excellent, John, I see you’ve met Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock says, an air of palpable excitement about him as he takes John by the shoulders and spins him firmly around to face the stairs he’s just come up, “We should really get going – we wouldn’t want to be late now, would we?”
, John’s brain helpfully points out) – who both seem too shocked to do anything other than stand there, open-mouthed, their guns held slackly, as Sherlock and John make their attack.
he thinks, just in case.
The moment’s broken when the café doors open to admit an icy rush of wind and the shady, windbreaker-wearing bloke from Sherlock’s last visit.
"Sherlock, how long have you been -" he starts, tossing the newspaper down onto the coffee table.
John jolts at the touch, and he turns glazed eyes on Sherlock. "Why didn't you
made and I think it’s about time I got a straight bloody answer for once tonight.”
All of a sudden John’s hand was on the small of his back, steadying him. Sherlock swatted half-heartedly at him. “I’m fine, hones’ly, John.”
"Well?" he says over his shoulder, standing in the doorway as he slips the gown off, "Aren't you coming?"
"Fine,
Sherlock decided to brave Fate. He opened his eyes. “Mycroft.”
s, straightening and bustling back out. "Don't let the tea go cold!"
John stares after her mournfully, holding the fresh pot of herbal tea he’s just made. “Right, well,” he says, far too loudly for a room with just the two of them, “I think I’ll head off to bed.”
“I –” Sherlock says, deliberating. His eyes flicker down to John’s mouth, then jerk up again to settle on a stray piece of tinsel sitting in John’s hair. He swallows.
Sherlock, the git, has the nerve to arch an eyebrow at him in amusement. John is equal parts torn between wanting him to shut up and wanting to
“That’s him,” Sherlock whispers, pointing a gloved hand at a shadowy figure that John can just about make out at the edge of the dock. “That’s Michaels.”
Sherlock sighed. He reached out, snuffed the candle and eased it onto the table adjacent theirs. “There. Happy?”
“Listen to me, Sherlock,” John says, because even though the pain in Sherlock’s voice was evident he’s already turning away, and John’s not going to be the coward again, not this time. “You forget that I’ve known you five years, and that in that time you’ve been an unbridled prick to everyone I know, terrified away any and all of my potential girlfriends, swanned off a rooftop and made me mourn you for
we can't-"
“Oh, bless him – he doesn’t
” Holmes says, looking apologetic. He takes a deep breath, as though summoning courage. “
“It was worth a try,” he grins, even though he hasn’t tried at all. (The muscles in his face hurt; smiling isn’t something he’s done in a while.)
John closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, the taste of blood metallic on his tongue as he reaches into his coat pocket and steels himself to do the second most colossally stupid thing he’s done tonight, praying his attacker’s distracted enough that this will work.
It was possibly the best Christmas (not counting ‘four suicides and a note!’) that Sherlock had had.
Watson exclaims with feeling, “
, yes,” Sherlock says, pulse still racing beneath John’s hand, smiling crookedly at John.
implicit in his question.
What followed was a methodical (and cruel) enforcement of said threat. Sherlock arrived just in time to save the jar of toes from contamination, but everything else had been thrown away.
“Ah – I’m sorry,” John mutters, coughing to hide his embarrassment as he reaches to retrieve the cup. “I’ll just get you another one, shall I?”
like civilized folk. Tea, anyone?"
"You're okay," Sherlock says, part question, part self-reassurance.
Mycroft, in his typically annoying fashion, has Sherlock hand over the List. Mycroft passes it to John and Sherlock watches as John’s eyes widen in horror.
The man standing over John laughs, a sharp, biting sound, and re-adjusts his grip to point one of the guns at John, directly over his heart. He turns back to sneer at Sherlock. “What is he, your boyfriend or something?”
It's ridiculous,
Sherlock huffed and pretended to be duly offended. The tea was made and drunk without incident (although Sherlock had had to throw out his milk-curdling experiment because John protested that it was ‘stinking up the fridge,
“These exact words: Where are you? I’ve been waiting on the dock for half an hour.”
"And what of Mary?" Sherlock says, a gentle reminder. "You wouldn't - couldn't - have left her. She needed you more than I did."
John opens the fridge, reaching for the milk. “Yeah, some Hollywood director got wind of us and decided to make a film out of it. Something about Victorian London and risen ghost corp –
,” Moriarty says, smirking. He tilts his head to the side (John shudders; it’s eerily similar to what the real Moriarty would do), “
“Er – yes, hi,” John says, letting his arm fall awkwardly to his side.
“John!” Sherlock shouts from the foyer, somehow throwing on an overcoat and looping a scarf around his neck at the same time. “Do come along, we’ve a schedule to keep!”
you, you fucking
The cab stops abruptly, and in seconds they find themselves shivering, bracing against strong, sharp gusts of wind cutting across the Thames.
“– John,” Molly cuts in, all seriousness, and there’s a faint tinkle in the distance as the café doors open and the bustle of the streets outside filter in briefly, but John’s on a roll now, as he slices rather viciously into a poppy-seed bagel.
Sherlock finally (finally,
John huffed and waved Angelo over, evidently displeased about Sherlock’s dining etiquette.
“Do you wanna make out?” Molly asked demurely.
John clears his throat, thinks about the words he so carefully prepared yesterday night, decides they don’t matter. “If that’s alright with you.”
. What kind of
"And you were just going to - what, bugger off to your death without even leaving me a note?" John snaps, ire rising. He jabs a finger at Sherlock's chest. "At least when you walked off St. Barts' roof you had the decency to call and leave me a note."
Something of a smile flickered around the edges of John’s lips. “If it’s eyeball-free, yeah.”
, blog-John had said of him, all those years ago.
He’s standing balanced on the edge of a precipice, the roar of the Reichenbach Falls deafening beside him.
” Holmes frowns, like he can’t for the life of him fathom why he wouldn’t want to praise Watson’s to the skies, “
“I’m sorry?” John says, glancing at Sherlock, then back at Anderson and Donovan. He feels like there’s something he’s missing here. “What’s this about Sherlock?”
, John, hurry,” Sherlock snaps, eyes trained on Michaels and the speedboat man once more.
“Sherlock, I –”
There it was. Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes. (John didn’t like it when he rolled his eyes.)
,” here Watson digs his pistol into Moriarty’s back, “
Sherlock blinked again; there was moisture gathering in his eyes. (He’d been falling a second ago, but now, now he was flying.) He laughed, thinking about angels and Moriartys and days spent without John. (None of that mattered now.)
On the floor, Sherlock hunches further in on himself, face buried in his knees. “When will it stop?” he says, voice muffled and pained, the
at him, past the nick on his chin from the shaving incident he’d had this morning because his hands were trembling, past his mismatched jumper and shirt which he’d clearly been allowed out of the house with because Mary isn’t there to stop him anymore, and sees the return of the sentiments he never thought he’d find.
“No, no, it was mine,” says Sherlock, tracing a finger idly around the rim of the cup as he glances up at John. Then, an idea occurring suddenly to him, he reaches into his jacket pocket and fishes out a tenner, which he brandishes at John. “Can I get another one to-go?”
“It’s too late now, John,” he says, with all the solemnity he can muster whilst sitting on the floor, clutching his stomach and shaking with laughter. “Hey, at least we’ve got one another, now.”
“Damn right,” John mutters, grimacing.
John steps back and they both watch as the man crumples to the ground like a puppet with cut strings.
have doubted John’s feelings for him.
John blinks; there are tears in his eyes. (He dabs discreetly at them with the sleeve of his jumper.) At some point during the course of the film, Sherlock evidently moved, because John distinctly remembers there being the length of an entire seat between them on the sofa, and now Sherlock’s sat right next to him, the sides of their legs pressed together.
“What – oh.” Sherlock pauses, frowning down at his dressing gown in the bemused manner of one who doesn’t quite remember donning it in the first place. He tugs irritably at the silk belt around his waist before discarding both gown and laptop in one fell swoop onto the staircase. John realises he isn’t even surprised to find that the man has on a tailored three-piece Dolce & Gabbana suit on underneath. John is suddenly painfully aware of his own outfit – cable knit jumper, jeans and Barbour jacket – which he haphazardly threw on this morning before heading to the cafe.
” Sherlock squawked, glancing wildly down at Molly, then back across the room at John, who now had his
“Oh, for God’s sake –” John mutters, which is all the warning Sherlock gets before John’s hands are around his neck and John’s mouth is on his, and the rest of Sherlock’s words are lost, swallowed up in the non-existent space between them as they kiss.
Watson,
, Molly, what the f–”
“So sorry,” Sherlock says loudly, over the sounds of John’s stifled giggling and Lestrade’s cursing. “Thank you for the drink, John,” he says, setting the cup back in its saucer and shooting John a lilting, if distracted, grin.
"I do try," Smith says, lip curling as he wipes the blade on the sleeve of Sherlock's suit jacket (G&B and yes, he's definitely switching to Armani after this). Then, so quietly he might have missed it otherwise - "Beppo killed himself, two months into his sentence."
“Excellent,” Sherlock rubs his hands together, sounding positively gleeful as he turns his attention back to the men on the dock, one of whom has just pulled out a phone to check something. “Let’s see what happens now, shall we?”
John frowns. “What’s going on?”
"No, thanks," John says, at the same time Sherlock and Mycroft snap, "
Something warm unfurls in John’s stomach as he pockets the card, feeling for the first time since his shoulder took an Afghan bullet that maybe, just maybe, there's more to life than surviving.
aroudn his throat, "Fuc - off."
John rolls his eyes, but goes anyway, smiling to himself.
Holmes and Watson visit the morgue to investigate the apparent murder committed by the ghost of a bride, and Sherlock almost falls off the sofa laughing when he sees Hooper in all ‘his’ resplendent Victorian glory.
"John!" Lestrade calls, straightening from where he's crouched over the body. "You wouldn't happen to have seen a mangled arm anywhere, would you?"
"You're a fucking idiot," John declares finally, smoothing an errant curl from Sherlock's forehead. "And I hate you."
John watches in amusement as a disgruntled Lestrade shakes himself free of Sherlock’s grasp and pushes the door open with no small amount of force.
“My, my, you’re not doing a very good job at keeping a low profile, are you?” Mycroft said, with something resembling smug satisfaction.
Sherlock soldiers on, “If I hadn’t come back, you wouldn’t be here with me,” the
Sherlock struggles to shake off the haze John’s words have put on him, and concentrates on the bare facts of the case, because he’s the world’s only consulting detective, goddammit, and he’s not about to be thwarted by his own libido.
Sherlock’s brain, while usually operating at a much higher (or so he likes to think) speed than a normal person’s, stutters to a halt, leaving him incapable of processing much information beyond a single phrase, repeating itself over and over until it spills from his mouth.
“No,” Sherlock lowers the cup, and John has to hide his grin behind the guise of a hastily faked cough; there’s a creamy moustache sitting on Sherlock’s upper lip that he’s itching to lick off for him.
John shuffles his feet, looking as awkward as he’d done when he walked in on Janine kissing him. He doesn’t quite seem capable of looking Sherlock in the eye; he addresses a point over Sherlock’s left shoulder. “Actually, I – I can’t think of a single thing to say.”
John comes back down and a few moments later is stood in front of Sherlock. “Tea?” John offers, proffering the entire pot.
"I would have
At around 3 in the morning, the door to his cell opened and a guard barked something at him in Arabic and made a complicated gesture with his hand. Sporting a massive headache from an unfortunate run-in with a police baton earlier during the day, it took Sherlock far too long, in his bewildered state, to realize the guard meant for him to go with him.
Holmes and Moriarty grapple with each other on-screen, although it’s clear by Holmes’ strained expression that Moriarty’s gaining ground. John looks away from the fight to glance sideways at Sherlock, wondering how an accurate a depiction of Sherlock’s Mind Palace this director’s construction is. (Judging from how hard the hand Sherlock has wrapped around his mug is shaking, John would hazard a guess at ‘disturbingly accurate’.)
Lestrade blinks, shooting a confused glance at Sherlock, who stares resolutely ahead. “Sorry? I don’t think I said any –”
“Sh, John,” Sherlock mutters, willing the erratic beat of his heart to slow. “Deduce
Sherlock simply picks it up by the ear and glances dubiously at it. “What,” he starts, as what looks like a mini marshmallow bobs to the surface of the drink. He shoots a sidelong glance at Molly, a silent plea for help that she duly ignores.
John’s wandering mind is recalled to the present as Sherlock says, matter-of-factly, “You’re here to help me work the case, of course.”
Sherlock himself spent the same Christmas in a holding cell in Lebanon, hoping desperately that Mycroft would make some calls, pull some strings and get him out, and hating himself for even hoping.
The pain is a sharp juxtaposition to the numbness he's been feeling for hours now, and Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath, using the pain to ground himself, a reminder that this is real, that Smith and the threat he poses, are real and tangible.
“I –” Sherlock stops, thrown off guard by the question. Surely the answer must be obvious, even to the dullest of creatures. John would have to be incredibly blind not to know. He narrows his eyes at John, and decides to test the waters. “Because I –
“Are you sure?” John says, and
Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders. “Put your mouth on my neck.”
The realization hits him like a freight train (or a bullet to the chest - thanks, Mary) and he struggles to sit up despite the paralytics in his system. It's useless; he
“Goodbye, John,” Sherlock murmurs, thinking of the List in his pocket, of the devastation on John’s face when he hears the news. “I’m sorry.”
“Mm-hm,” Sherlock said distractedly in response, glaring at Mary’s hand on the small of John’s back, at the completely unnecessary manner in which she was draped over him. Just then, John laughed at something Mary said, his head thrown back and his eyes alight, looking happier than Sherlock could ever remember him being. (
~~~~~~~~~~
"Mmmkay" John mumbles again and again, the room falls into silence.
“Sherlock, get in here now, git, or your shelves are going to be crooked.”
I smile.  A much better alternative.  After all, John is much smaller than I.  He will fit on the couch much more comfortably than I would.
"Well" I say.  There is no answer.  "Why are you here?"
"John?" I ask and he
Feeling less concerned, but more confused, Greg went home.
"So this is still okay then?" John asks in the semi-dark of the room.  The sun will be coming up soon, which means Watson will be awake soon.  These cuddles are not going to last forever.  If I don't respond to his question, John may possibly think I am having doubts.  That is a notion that must not cross his mind.  If it even creeps to the edge of his mind, he will stop because John is like that.  John doesn't like to make people uncomfortable.  That is my job and I am quite good at it.  But I don't want to make John uncomfortable, so I should probably answer his question.
It didn’t matter though.  Greg needed to get Sherlocks observations on the body that had been brought in late last night. They could finish their argument later.
"I saw you get out the cab" He tells me and the look I throw him is of utter disbelief.  And they call me a psychopath.  I would assume he was Satan's nephew or something, but his house is too cool, so clearly he is just a mere minion.
"Yes, Sherlock" John replies.  Still, I am not sure he understands.
“Call for a medic” Greg whispered to Donovan, and she turned and spoke into her radio as the man continued what he had to say.
A groan left his lips as his hand slipped under the material of his pyjamas, his fingers wrapping around his erection and started to stroke.
toddler wakes up she will be happy to see you and you should know by now, Sherlock, how much she likes to pull on things.  If you think her yanking on your hair brings tears to your eyes just think what the result will be if she yanks on something else and finally, she is not going to get a chance to yank on anything else because you, Sherlock Holmes, are going to put your bloody pants on RIGHT THIS INSTANT."
Just then Donovan jogged up to his side, stopping to look at the sorry mess in front of them.  She threw Greg a look to say ‘
"You are welcome, Sherlock" he says and he sounds happy, which is good because I am happy and when we are both happy it is usually a good day.
.  It was stylish.
The man smiled a smile that didn’t seem like a smile at all.  In fact, it was a bit terrifying.
“Yeah, well, not exactly in a position to play with a fucking dog, am I Sherlock.”
John chuckles again and ruffles my hair.  How he manages to make his mark, in the dark every time is beyond me.  Maybe it is something to do with carrots and night vision because John does love carrots.
“Are you the gentleman who brought Sherlock Holmes in?” he asked.  Greg nodded.
“I think Rosie is going to love having her own room” Sherlock said, his tone indicating that he was definitely trying to avoid the topic of conversation.  “We could paint it pink.  Or orange.  She likes orange.”
"I'll take the second option" I tell him with a smile.
John ended up picking up the four extra cards and informed Sherlock that there would be no more introductions of new house rules.
“But seriously?” She said, turning to Greg.  “The Freak, married!”
with his mother.
Sherlock slowly spun on the spot, looking at the ground around him and distantly said “Yes, you know, that thing that happens when two people who who feel deeply sentimental about each other say some vowels, exchange rings and then go and have a sex holiday.”
I don't beat John at a single game.  Had we been playing for money, his wallet would be bulging.  As it is, we are playing for skittles and that bastard wins all the green ones.
Again, apologies for any mistakes.  Typing on the phone is still sucky.
It was Sherlock’s time to let out a sigh, his short and irritated.  “Not really any point on my own” he grumbled and then stood up and went to his room.
“And…” Sherlock started, but Greg cut him off as he turned to leave the room.
“I haven’t asked anything” was John’s reply, sounding a bit amused and a bit annoyed.  It would be nice, Sherlock thought to himself, if the man would exhibit just one emotion at a time, but then again, that wouldn’t be John.
“Can you not call him that?” He asked, knowing it was a fruitless effort.
“Fucking, I want that desk scrubbed clean” Lestrade grumbled, knowing there was no use in trying to herd them out.  The way Sherlock had clenched his legs around Johns waist was proof of that.
“Yes, it means no, in the negative, not happening” John clarified, trying to concentrate on the column before him, hoping that Sherlock would get the hint that, since he was still looking at the paper, that meant that he wanted to be left alone.
At this, Sherlock may have blushed.  “I, umm, may have forgotten to send out the invitations.  They all got a text message at eleven thirty last night.”
“Sherlock” he said very quietly and very carefully.  “We have only been going out for three weeks. We were not even engaged and I think I would know if I was planning a wedding.  As you said, it wouldn’t be my first time.”
“Right, we don’t usually give out information about patients to people not listed as next of kin, but he told me to come out and tell the very obvious looking cop the information that he needed to hear, or he’d be pacing the waiting room all night.”
There were quiet moments on the couch, where half a movie or a single episode of something simple was viewed, but it never lasted long before wandering hands distracted them from what they were doing and coaxed them into doing something else.
“John, I don’t think that is how you play the game” Sherlock stated as he looked down at the cards littering the sidewalk below.
Sherlock pulled in a long suffering breath through his nose before throwing his best glare at Donovan, which was ruined somewhat by the wince that followed the medic putting antiseptic on one of his wounds.
John looked over his shoulder at the man and gave a rather unhelpful shrug. “I have no idea. Maybe that if their son wasn’t such a collossal arsehole, I wouldn’t be taking his iPad and giving it to an eight year old girl called Hannah.”
Greg rounded the tree, to see a happy Darcy wagging her tail with her nose pushed against the bare bum of John Watson.
Sherlock went from looking lost to sneering, his teeth bared.
“We have managed to contact a brother” he told Greg.  “He’s on his way down now.”
Greg turned and, flicking his unfinished cigarette into a nearby pot plant, he made his way back to his room to enjoy the airconditioning and the absent sound of Sherlock and John having sex.
Sherlock looked at John, who was looking up at him with a confused and sleepy look on his face as Sherlock tightened the plastic tab around his finger.  He supposed it was a fair question for three o’clock in the morning, even if it were obvious what he was doing.
fan” John said, walking into the room.  Watson looked up from her blocks and Sherlock looked up from his laptop.
“What’s the matter freak.  Your ‘
John laughed again as he pulled Sherlock down into a kiss.  “You utterly mad man” he smiled between kisses.
Greg called Darcy back at the same time he could hear footsteps approaching.
means '
Greg frowned.  “Do I know you?”
“No, John.  You have what is a step up from a hessian sack.  Trust that that will be rectified, soon.”
"I'll let you know now" John says as we step into the hall way.  "If you hog the bed, I will kick you onto the floor."
Mycroft knew John was not in bed as he left his door and Rosamund’s door open while they slept, and both doors were shut.
“Yes, it is.”
Eventually, his mind cleared enough to realise that John had climbed back into bed with him and was curled up against him with his arm over Sherlocks stomach.  Sherlock would try to offer some form of affection back but while his mind was coming back on line, his body most certainly wasn’t.
“No” Sherlock said without even looking at him.  He was far too busy laying on the couch to acknowledge the man any further.
“Sherlock” He said, as he burst into the living room of 221B Baker Street.
John, looking furious, opened his mouth to snap back a retort, only to stop and close his mouth, his face going from mad, to thoughtful.
I like the sound of that.  I can have John, wrapping me up whenever I want and wherever I want.
“You have no wallet” Greg reminded him.
Thankfully, Sherlock followed.  Nothing was said at the bar, but going by the dirty look Sherlock threw his way, Greg knew Sherlock knew why he had dragged him away.
“Yeah, When I met Sherlock I was about to go back and do another tour or Afghanistan.  He surprised me a couple of times by coming to visit me.  He’s amazing. How could I not marry him?  And then, well, I sort of got myself shot” and at this John sort of held up the arm that was in the sling, as best he could and it dawned on Greg that this man wasn’t just a doctor, but was also a soldier.  "Remind me to take you out for a pint or two.”
“One of these days, you are going to get yourself killed and then do you know what will happen?” Greg practically shouted as the medic pulled the shirt off of Sherlocks shoulders with a gentleness that Greg wasn’t really sure the consulting idiot, currently sitting in the back of an ambulance with several knife wounds along his ribs and torso, deserved.
"There is a spare toothbrush in the second draw of the bathroom" John tells me as he rummages through his draw looking for pyjamas.  Oh, the bane of having a small child.  No more nights of sleeping in the nick.  "I'll let you use the bathroom first."
Mrs Hudson reached out and patted his arm.  “It’s much better now” She said.  “I’ll let him know you dropped by.”
At this, Donovan barked out a harsh laugh.  “Yours?  Who in their right mind would marry you?”
It was as John was drying up the last of the dishes that he heard a triumphant cry come from the living room followed by Sherlock yelling, “I knew it was the sister-in-law, I just had to find the right piece of evidence!”
I'll give at a go for a week and see how it goes.
had picked out for him.  “She didn’t do any of it. It was her ex-husband using her drunken blackouts to confuse her.  He killed the neighbour.”
Greg couldn’t stop the grin when he heard Sherlock reply.  “I was invited” he said sarcastically.
“Any deviations?” he asked, his face becoming more curiouser.
“And you,” Greg said to Sherlock.  “No personal calls and texts while on the job.”
“I’m going” Mycroft muttered, turning and leaving at the same time John practically sobbed “Can we please discuss this at another time?”
“Hmmm” was Sherlock’s thoughtful response.
So far Sherlock could cross off carrot, pink champagne, red velvet and anything with raspberries in it.  Vanilla was also off of the list for the simple fact that that was boring.
It suddenly clicked into place.  John, Doctor John Watson.  He was the doctor who had come out and spoken to Greg that first night he had met Sherlock.  He was younger then, obviously, and had a bit of a beard, but it was definitely the same man.
"Sh'lock" he mumbles again.
Greg placed the suit back on the pile and went out to greet the man.
The inevitable doesn't come, which is sort of an extreme contradiction if you think about it, seeming as the very word
“Nope” John replied, rereading the headline on the page before him.
“Top floor” Greg answered and then turned back to the other man.
“You have a bottle of acid that would work” John replied.  “Or there is always the fireplace, or you could just bag them and bin them, outside.  Or maybe never bring them into the flat again.”
“So what you are saying, then, is that you don’t actually want to marry me?” Sherlock finally snapped, breaking them out of the circles they were going in with their arguments.
“Measuring your fingers, John” Sherlock replied.  He had started with just the left hand ring finger, then curiosity got the better of him and he decided to measure all of them.  It was a good thing ebay had been selling packets of 20 disposable ring sizers. It meant he could do his own as well.
“Yeah, I figured there was enough posh in there with all your stuff” was Johns reply as he stepped to the bed and lifted Watson up, sending her into a fit of giggles as he pulled her up onto his shoulders.
Sherlock looked up at John, still clearly confused at the whole situation, (
Greg looked at the man and thought that being lifted of his possessions was the least of his worries.  The man, mid twenties, surely, was thin, far too thin and very gaunt looking.  The left side of his face was an alarming shade of purple and black, making the rest of him look far too pale.  His lip was split and the hand, that Greg could see was being held against his chest, sat an angle that he was sure wasn’t natural.
A growl of frustration left the man’s throat.
Very interesting, indeed.
Sherlock gave a pathetic nod, and seemed to droop even more.  Greg thought if he drooped much more, he was going to have to pick the man up off the floor.
“I must say, this quarantine has turned out better than I anticipated” Sherlock said into the darkened room, his breath brushing over John’s ear and cheek.
inform him of our predicament and to
“Where?” Sherlock asked, straight to the point.
“Tell me what you think of these” Sherlock said, pulling John to look at the wall above the couch.
Greg groaned.  Why’d he always get the weird ones?
“Sherlock, you can’t place a reverse on a draw four” John said, sliding the card back towards Sherlock.
What an abhorrent thought.  “Would you like me to start shooting up the walls again?”  The reply was sulky and petulant and Sherlock dropped into his chair and sunk down as low as he could go.  Seriously, why had he had to think of Mycroft and his stupid ball, of all things, to distract John from his
Greg sighed, and clipped Darcy’s leash back on, hoping he could still catch up to Mycroft.
, Greg though,
Sherlock was cut off.
’ in that part of the sentence “And a few extra meals, he will hopefully be fine.”
“We can say what we want about his attitude, but the freak certainly looks fine when dressed up.”
We lie like that for a while, watching the room light up as the sun rises outside.  Clearly John is not asleep.  I can tell by his breathing and by the fact that his index finger is moving back and forth over my hip.  It tickles a bit but I don't want him to stop so I don't tell him.  I also don't want him to know that I am ticklish, because then he will feel the need to tickle me and I know John.  He will use it as an unfair advantage over me to get what he wants.  Sometimes he is an evil little shit like that.  But only sometimes.  Most of the time he is just a little bit marvellous.
John glares at me, barely keeping his breathing steady.  He has the look about him.  The one he gets when he is about to explode.  I apparently need to clarify further.
“Nope.  You are familiar with something, but it sure as hell ain’t Uno.  And, my god, I have never known someone to lose so ungraciously.”
John looked from the photos, to Sherlock and then back to the photos with that small frown that he got when he wasn’t quite sure what was going on.
"Over reacting!?"
voice.
“I’ll try not to let Anderson muck up the scene too much” he called and headed down the stairs.
"You have two options, Sherlock" John says.  I sit and listen.
“How much caffeine have you ingested?” Sherlock asked curiously as he watched John tap his fingers on the arm of his chair.
The first drag was always the best and he let out a sigh as he exhaled the smoke from his mouth.  He had needed this after the night he had had.
“What that means, Sherlock, is that I will actually have to put up with your more than arrogant brother in person - which if I am being honest, just the prospect of that eventuality scares the shit out of me.  It will also mean a fuck-ton of paperwork for me because you are not actually meant to be here, let alone, running off without me.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“He’s upstairs” Greg said, pointlessly.  “I’m sorry, but how do you know Sherlock?”
John was on his third cup of coffee by the time Sherlock got out of bed.  It was only 9:45 am.
Greg had tried to ascertain if he were alright, but Sherlock had just snapped at him to leave him alone and then went back to looking lost.  Several times he checked his phone.
“Dinner last night, why?”
The cab ride over to Johns little suburban apartment is a brief, yet somewhat mildly blessed relief.  The cabbie has the air-conditions blowing a gale in the back of the cab. Unfortunately he also speaks.  A lot.  And what does he want to speak about?  The weather.  I tell him three times to shut up, but apparently he is either deaf, stupid or just plain rude.  When we arrive at the Watson's, I pay the driver and make sure he doesn't get a single penny more that the cab fare.  It gives me an excuse to sit in the air-conditioned car for a bit longer as I slowly count out the change.  Clearly, Satan hasn't commandeered the London taxi companies as of yet.  It won't be long.  It is a good thing I had thought of this sooner than later.
"Going to bed.  You could have put one of the lamps on so I didn't have to stumble in the dark."  John turns on his side so his back is to me and it is quite clear that the man is preparing himself to go to sleep.
“I most certainly did not” Sherlock scoffed.
“Alright, yes, thank you, Lestrade” Sherlock interjected, snatching the bag out of Greg’s hand.
“Enough” he said, pointing a finger at her.  Seriously, when was she going to let it drop.
“Not to fear.  I know every inch of you.  I’ll get word to my man.”
I stop.  The blanket of death sounds a lot like John.  I blink open my eyes and realise that there is no Satan.  Just a John.  There is also no sweaty blanket of death.  Just a sweaty John, still sort of draped over my body.
“... don’t feel bad about it though, he likes the imaginary sort, you know what I mean."
“That was yesterday” Sherlock complained.
“If it looks like a bunch of beautiful, yet very harmless flowers, then it is not what it looks like.  On the other hand, if it looks like stems of English Broom, White Snakeroot and Lily of the Valley, then I am sorry to say it is exactly what it looks like.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Doctor John Watson, and yeah, we met, about five years ago” he said.
As soon as Greg pushed the door open, both men stopped and looked up at their intruder.  The look on John’s face was a look of pure horror.  Sherlock just looked annoyed.
“Sorting data” was the reply that John got from the man across from him.
Without another word, I turn and leave Mrs Hudson, with her calling out something about pants and indecent and something else about her age.  I pay her no mind.  I have to psych myself up to put on clothes and then actually step outside.
John burst out laughing at this statement.  “Sherlock, you stated at the beginning of this that being locked up with you for two weeks was a high risk scenario.  You get bored on a daily basis.  You shot holes in the wall.”
Greg waited at the hospital.  He didn’t need to.  He knew the kid wasn’t going to be released nor would he be able to question him.  He had the kids address, which didn’t take long to get.  After all, there wasn’t likely to be many Sherlock Holmes’ floating around London. But for some reason, he felt a need to make sure he was going to be okay before he left.
John stepped from the kitchen into the living room.
~~~~~~~~~~
It doesn't take long for John to fall asleep.  It never does.  John, being a doctor and a soldier, knows how to fall asleep at the drop of a hat, should he need to.  Unless something vexing is keeping him awake, unless his depression is playing up then he has always been able to just sleep.  It was one way I envy John.  I have to run my body to exhaustion to get my brain to shut up long enough to fall asleep.  And right now that isn't going to happen.  Right now it is screaming at me with all the things that could go wrong.  The Mycroft voice is telling me to get up and leave.  Lestrade is there telling me to not panic and to just lay there and appreciate the cool air and the fact that John is by my side.  Mrs Hudson is mentally patting my cheek, telling me it will all be okay.  Anderson, the idiot in my head can't see what the problem is. Mary is there giggling away, telling me to snuggle closer to John.  Irene is reprimanding me for not going to her.  She could have helped me, after all, she knows what men like John likes.  Thankfully, Moriarty hasn't joined the party. He must be avoiding the heat, like a sensible mental image.
“Says the man who brought extremely deadly plants into the flat which is home to a very curious toddler.  Well, done you.”
Greg muttered a few curse words and, deciding he didn’t want to go any further in the room, threw the small carry bag that had a spare shirt for each of them in it, onto the chair from the doorway.
The junkie looked towards Donovan, as if only just noticing her, and judging by his current state, Greg didn’t think that was an impossibility.
Now I know he is mocking me.
Sherlock was standing at the window,staring down at the foot traffic on the other side of his street.  Another person had joined the ranks of homelessness. He would have to keep an eye on him, see if he could be helpful in Sherlock’s little network.
Ignoring Sherlock’s assessment of his own blood, John opened his laptop and started composing an email to Harry.  He was four paragraphs in when he decided that what he was doing was a terrible idea and he deleted the whole thing.
“Seriously, you’re checking your blood?” John asked,
“Yeah, we got another one. Which means...”
“But your preference, John?”  Surely John could hear how impatient Sherlock was getting.  He wasn’t usually this slow.
“Fire your forensic tech.”
~~~~~~~~~~
It would have to do.
"No" I say and he relaxes and lays back down.  I breath a sigh of relief.  He is not going anywhere.  I am not getting kicked out of bed.  He is still my best friend. The only down to all of this is that I am still hot, but that is no longer a concern.  In fact, Hell could rage around me for the rest of days, only if John would keep cuddling me.  Or at least come back to do it over and over again, because constant cuddling would be extremely impractical.  How would we go to the toilet?  How would he look after Watson?  How would we accomplish The Work?  It is just not viable to a conducive life.  But I would be more than mildly happy with cuddles at regular intervals.  As it turns out, I actually quite like cuddles.  Who knew?
“Dinner?” John asked Sherlock as he passed by him into the kitchen.  The man was sitting in John’s chair with John’s laptop opened to a chat room by the looks of it.
Try as he might, he couldn’t imagine Sherlock in any form of long term relationship, nor could he fathom why he would make one up and he knew there would be no point in asking.  Sherlock would refuse to answer and change the topic.
A cry emits from the smothering blanket of sweaty death and I grin.  I am besting it.  I push again.
What he did do was thumb out a text saying:
John let out a sigh.  “Sherlock, if you want to watch something, feel free.  You don’t need me to do it.”
“You’re normally a bit more dignified when you eat” John stated as he watched a noodle slap against Sherlock’s chin before the man sucked it up.
I let out the breath I was holding, the relief washing through my body making me far dizzier than the lack of oxygen was doing. I lay in the dark trying to parse what the hell is going on.  John doesn't do this.  Ever.  Well, he does do cuddling.  I had witnessed it multiple times.  It was stomach turning, at first because I thought all forms of sentiment were a waste of time and brain cells and then later because I realised that I wanted to cuddle.  Not just with anyone.  That would be deplorable. It had to be with John.  Although, I don't mind getting the occasional cuddle from Watson, but that is something completely different and not worth mentioning.  She is adorable.  Even Mycroft has offered her the odd genuine smile.  You would have to be made of stone not to show her affection, but I am really getting off topic now and not really addressing the elephant in the room, which is, John Watson is cuddling me, in bed, at night time and I am not wearing pants and he seems to be perfectly okay with it all.  So okay that he has apparently gone back to sleep.
By page two he was starting to question his land ladies choice in literature. By page 14, he was questioning her character.   John opened the book to a random page and read a few lines. Then he flipped closer to the back of the book and read a few more lines.  After repeating this process a third time, he decided that it was the author who had questionable morals and closed the book and left it on the side table.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.  Shut the door” and Greg turned around and marched out of the room, closing the door behind him.
“You’ll have to find something else to do tomorrow” John pointlessly pointed out.  Sherlock would be well aware that his lock-in entertainment was over.
“Yeah, but we just don’t care” said the other man before Sherlock could even open his mouth to reply, and once more Greg nearly tripped and he wasn’t even walking this time.
What he wasn’t surprised about was the way Darcy dropped and rolled as soon as Mycroft touched her head, hoping for a belly rub.  She really was a rubbish guard dog.
Greg let Sherlock go on and rant about the incompetence of Greg’s team.  Apparently the issue of him being married or not was not up for discussion.
Suddenly, composing a playlist was that much simpler and it was done with a small smile on his face.
God, who knew Sherlock Holmes would have someone over?
A strong cup of coffee would shake the lethargy that was starting to creep in.
~~~~~~~~~~
Sleep is overrated.
“Sorry, I’ll see if I can speak to the criminal class and see if they can coincide their activities with you boring days.”
“Just that it is the fourth body in as many weeks and you are no closer to finding the killer now than you were when the first body showed up.”
Sherlock looked up from his laptop, the animated smile on his face quickly turning into one of calculating observation as he took in Gregs harried appearance.
“Your name is William and you go by Sherlock?” Greg grinned.  God forbid the man in front of him do anything even remotely common.
Sherlock wants answers.
It was then that Sherlock exited the bathroom with what looked like a blood sample and stopped to prepare a slide at his microscope.
Mrs Hudson reads, will not come to the surface and scream themselves at John.  What if I fondle him whilst declaring my never-ending love at John.  It would definitely involve me breeching Johns side of the bed which will apparently conclude in being kicked out of John's bed and worse.  Out of his life.
John wants to go to bed.
“This is my husband” Sherlock replied as if speaking to a small child.
"Yes, John."
Greg almost tripped and Sally was left with her mouth hanging over.
The camera in the child’s room was dark, although there was small snuffled breathing sounds that indicated the baby was asleep in her cot, where she should be at 11:45 at night.
“And nicotine patches” Sherlock repeated, to confirm the fact that he had gone through twice as many patches as he did normally.   “You can’t, though.  You need to keep your body active or you get restless.  As for shooting holes in the wall…”
I glare at him to let him know that I am not happy.  It doesn't have the desired effect.  In fact.  It makes him smile more.
"Sherlock Holmes?" John says and it is with a smile in his voice.  "I would be happy to cuddle with you, without my pants, any time you wanted."
Greg muttered under his breath.  He had a feeling he knew what was behind that tree.
The man rolled his eyes.
“Oh, um, not really.  I figured that you had probably guessed I had been in the kitchen long enough to have noticed the invitation on the table, acid burns and all, and since you know I don’t mind social events and don’t mind halloween, you probably figured that I would ask.”
Sherlock glared at John.  “You are being deliberately obtuse, John.”
The blonde just giggled, thinking Sherlock’s refusal was him playing hard to get.  She apparently didn’t get turned down that often.
"...and should you think it through, clearly, you will see that it is better for us all if I remain, as I am, unclothed."
Half an hour later it was still disturbing.  John was going to have to find something to occupy the both of them.
Greg sood there for a few seconds, wondering if giving his details to a junkie was a good idea and then, deciding that there was nothing for it now, he turned and headed out of the waiting room and down the corridor.
“I didn’t think you’d last the first week,” John replied sleepily.
This isn't summer.  It is Hell.  I apologise to Satan for never believing in him but clearly he does exist because I am currently laying somewhere in his home.  Possibly the torture chamber because this is truly.  Unbearable.
~~~~~~~~~~
“Can you give this to him, for me” he said flipping the card over and scribbling a message on the back.
Since I have been extremely lucky so far I decide to try and push Johns goodwill just a bit further.  "John?" I ask.
“Let’s just say, it’s probably a good thing you don’t have twitter anymore.”
"Yes" I reply.
“I know you have more questions” John stated, adjusting his coat and smoothing out the wrinkles, “But is there anything that can’t wait until tomorrow?”
He was about to ring the bell again, when he heard footsteps.  He took a step back when the door swung open.
“Nope” John replied, rather adamantly.  “I would definitely remember you asking me to marry you.”
“You must be Sally Donovan” the small man with a cane and his arm in a sling said to Sally.  “Sherlock here has told me all about you.”
Greg couldn’t believe his fucking luck.  What he had come out to avoid was the exact thing he had found.  Looking up he could just make out, thanks to the full moon and clear summer sky, John’s head and shoulders, leaning over the edge of the pool, his head resting on his arms.  Behind him, Sherlock was slowly moving, his face buried in Johns neck, the water lapping in time with his slow, gentle thrusts into Johns body.  The whole act was the complete opposite to what he had walked on previously and it seemed that now, it was more of an intrusion that he be there.
“Is, umm, is Sherlock around?” He asked, looking past her to the stairs leading up to apartment B, hoping she’d get the point and let him in.
“Not much” the man said, trying and failing to get to his feet.  He fell back down onto his arse and hissed as his arm jolted, but decided that that was the best place to stay.
“Do you need assistance?” Greg asked again, even though the answer was clearly, yes, this man needed medical assistance.
“We only have twelve minutes until Johns nurse comes back to take another set of obs.  Leave the bag on the chair, thank you” Sherlock grunted, as he arched his back.
Damn.  This is a dilemma.  I look to John.  He has always managed to sort our sleeping arrangements in the past to something semi-satisfactory.
"I'm not sure what that has to do with anything but I already have that in my life, you git and do you see me complaining."
Instantly, Sherlock snatched his arm back and he sneered at Greg, as he had done at Sally.
With a frustrated pout and feeling  worse than he did when he sat down on the couch, John got up and made his way to the bathroom to clean up and change his top. He then went and checked on his daughter and went to bed.
“She’s not going to find out, is she Sherlock?” John reiterated.
"Later today?" I ask.  Since he is being generous I will take as much as I can.
“What?” John asked as Sherlock had stared for five minutes straight.
Sherlock bloody Holmes.  An unusual name for an unusual man. And a pain in the arse, to boot.  Greg just knew, that if he had the fortune (he still wasn’t sure if it’d be good or bad) to run into that man again, he would be trouble.
“Donovan, I need possible back-up in the north office, ground floor” he said, quietly as to not startle the man under the blankets, into his radio.
That didn’t sound as friendly as it could have and Greg couldn’t give a shit.  “Sally, let them through” he called and after a glare from Donovan she turned back and lifted the tape for both men to duck under.
' on my doorstep."
“What I really want to know though,” John asked, getting Sherlock excited again “Is why your brother is hosting a Halloween ball of all things.  Doesn’t strike me as the type to be into foreign holidays and all that. Especially the fun ones,”
John groans.  Well, it is his own fault. if he chose to forfeit the comfort of his own bed, then he has no one to blame but himself.  No take-backs.  The bed is mine.
"If you didn't want to cuddle, you only had to say" John grumbles and then makes to pull away and that is just not right.  In fact that is very wrong and would be going against everything I had hoped would one day happen but never actually really expected so, before he can pull his sweaty arm away from my sweaty stomach I clamp a damp hand over his arm and cling tight.
“Evening” he nodded to a tall man, dressed in an impeccable suit, coming in the doors as Greg patted down his pockets and withdrew a packet of cigarettes.
“Then I won’t buy you another one, but I’ll still need a hand carrying them over and you’re the only one here not drunk.  Come on” and Greg got up and made his way towards the bar, not giving Sherlock a chance to decline.
“Now that is all” Greg said, stepping back.
"When is the saint going to arrive to fix the air-conditioning, thus dragging me back up from the depths of Hell and back into the land of Not-Hell?"
Unfortunately, it didn’t last long.  The light also attracted the attention of Anderson.
“You dobbed me in?”
“Oh, okay.”  John turned and went back to the kitchen to resume his tea making.
“You stupid cow” he snarled and instantly, Sally stepped back finally aware that Sherlock had a limit.  “If you put half as much effort into your work, as you do at being useless, you wouldn’t have to sleep your way to the top, waiting for Greg to retire or be killed so you can get his position, which, by the way, won’t go to you, despite what the Superintendent says.  If you channeled even a fraction of your energy into actually doing your work, people may actually respect you for more than just a walking pair of ti…”
“Donovan” Greg warned, as he got to the table, setting the drinks down.
“Yeah well, I’ve got some bloody dog about to bite my arse off, you tit.”
It is nice laying like this.  With each other.  Him holding me and me holding him.  It is just lovely and I can't possibly think of a better way to start the day. In fact, from now on, I think I will start every day like this.  I tell this to John and he agrees and that is how we start our new life.
Again, thanks for reading and hopefully the rest will be up before Christmas!
Sherlock was reflecting on how many of his habits she had picked up when John came up the stairs, and entered the flat.
John jolts awake, his grip once again tightening on my hip.  "Wassit" he mumbles and I suddenly stop laughing.  John is awake.  Soon he is going to realise that he is hugging me.  Soon he will pull back in abject horror.  I hold my breath and wait.  And wait.  Nothing happens, exceat John becomes less alert and more relaxed.
Merry Christmas everyone.  I hope you have a wonderful day!
Greg let out a groan.  “Wanna make that first pint, tonight?” he asked, showing John the text.
“Cosmos list of top wedding songs.”
“So, still no movie?” Sherlock asked flatly, pulling John out of his musings.
“Alright, enough” Greg said, stepping between the two, who had started to attract a crowd.  He turned to Sally.  “You, go do something useful. We’ll talk about this after the case.”  When she didn’t budge, he yelled “Go!”  and she scuttled away.
"Only with fondness, you berk, now go to sleep" and with that, John settles back and presumably closes his eyes.  It takes me a few seconds to realise that he is still facing me.  I don't know what that means.
Later that night, when Watson was tucked safely into bed, Sherlock pulled the flowers out again.
Although it would serve him right if Greg did text him.  Constantly.  Greg hadn’t gone on many holidays since meeting Sherlock but every time, Sherlock interrupted his few days of peace and quiet with ridiculous and very irrelevant deductions and constant complaining and nagging.
He knew it would. It always did. With the release came the reminder that Sherlock would never want him, in that sense. Sherlock didn’t do sexual, or even romantic, relationships. John would only ever be, Best Friend.
~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock had been snappish, more so than his usual self.  He clearly hadn’t slept recently and god only knew when he had last had anything to eat.  To top it all off, it looked like he hadn’t shaved in several days and his usually pristine suit was wrinkled and there was a stain on the collar of his shirt.  It looked suspiciously a lot like a drop or two of blood.
“That part wasn’t put in the papers” Greg said.  The man waved his comment away with his good hand,
"Sherlock" he says and I look up to him.  "We no longer have a spare room."
“The body has been here for four, maybe five hours, but he wasn’t killed here” Sherlock said, lifting up the corpses hands and studying the fingernails.  “He was killed then cleaned meticulously before being dumped.  Judging by the state of his hands and the tread of his shoes, I would say that he is an office worker that does some walking around.  Nothing too fancy, real estate agent, possibly small time lawyer.  Cause of death was the blow to the base of the skull.  There is no indication of alcohol or drug use, nor any sign of being in an altercation before he died, so either he didn’t hear the person coming up behind him or he trusted them.
Both men were ridiculously happy and neither were bored nor were either of them concerned with what day it was or how long it had been since they stepped outside.  In fact, outside could go to hell in a handbasket - John couldn’t watch Sherlock strut around completely starkers outside and Sherlock couldn’t demand that John go harder and deeper outside.   Outside was overrated.
“I know” John replied giving a cheeky smile back accompanied by a wink and then, in a blink of an eye, he was gone, up the chimney, leaving Sherlock not too sure on how to feel about the whole situation.
"John" I say. What else can I say?  What does one say in these situations.  Situations where one is naked and pushing their platonic (or maybe not) ex-flat mate in the face while they were sleeping.  Sorry seems a bit extreme.  It's not like I was conscious of what I was doing.  Also, John is awake now.  Proper awake, not snuffly awake and he may now realise that he is in fact cuddled up to his naked male friend, in bed, at night.  Although, I am sure it would be just as bad if it were during the day, but as I have expressed, this is not really my area, so I could be mistaken.
Knowing that this was wrong, so very wrong, John still laid back on the couch and tentatively, his hand slid down his body and cupped his genitals through his pyjama bottoms. He was more than half-hard already, just at the thought that Sherlock would ever want him, like that.
“Oh, good lord” came the unimpressed voice of Mycroft Holmes.
"Why on earth would I sleep on the couch?  You have seen the size of it, yeah?"
What an absurd idea.  Why would I set my bed on fire.  The frame doesn't creak.  It has a very good mattress on it which supports my spine, no matter where I lie or how I lie.  It has sheets, much softer than what I am currently lying on and my pillows remember the shape of my head.  Unfortunately, it doesn't come with it's own cooling system.  Maybe I could look into that, should Hell ever try and merge with Not-Hell ever again, providing one day Hell does go back to where it came from eventually.  Plus, setting my bed, or anything for that matter, on fire would only make things hotter and that is just not on.
This was depressing.  His partner, his love his John, had nothing decent to wear.  Nothing formal. Nothing even semi-formal. How did this man manage to get through life with cheap cotton, checks and stripes?
“Of course you didn’t fucking lose” John was yelling again and even to his ears it was a bit hysterical.  “You made up a new fucking rule every time something didn’t go in your favour.”
“You are looking for an older man, with a poor upbringing and a physical disability.”
Greg stood there, his mouth open, unable to believe what he was hearing.  If this was not knowing much, then he’d love to see what the man was capable with all the facts.
“Well, if you must know, my namesake carried out acts of an unspeakable nature, so we don’t acknowledge it.”
John Watson does not need an ex-addict, socially inept, high-maintenance arsehole in his life.
Just a quickie to find out how John became an elf.
Greg was supposed to be on holiday.  He had somehow managed to accumulate two glorious weeks off and was going to go spend it along the lower coast, hopefully getting in some fishing.
~~~~~~~~~~
The affronted look would have made John laugh if he could have seen it.
’ was definitely appropriate.
“You don’t want to go in there” Molly said as Greg went to push the doors to the morgue open.  He glanced over at her and took in the timid way she held herself and the fierce blush that was on her cheeks.
“Again, that last part wasn’t made public.”  Again, the man ignored Greg.
“Do.”
Greg ran his hand through his hair again, clutching a handful when he reached the base of his skull and wondered for the umteenth time how he wasn’t bald yet.
He flicked the security footage back to the living room, and was just about to call for the security detail that he had set up near the flat, to go and check, when he heard a noise coming from the speakers on his laptop.
John makes a dinner of cold meats and salads and somehow manages to get me to eat.
Ever since Donovan had spotted Sherlocks ring, both she and Anderson, had been endless in their campaign to let everyone know that Sherlock had an imaginary wife.
“Not much” John replied.
Damn, he owed Sally 50 quid.  He was certain Sherlock would have been a top and a bloody bossy one at that too.
If Greg didn’t know any better, he’d say Sherlock was using again.
The man scoffed.  “Please.  Those women were all strong, fit women.  Their attacker was a strong built, fit male, not a scrawny junkie, plus, there are no scratches on my hands and arms.  The women would have scratched at the attacker as he strangled them.”
“Come on.  Just one dance.  I’ll make it one you’ll never forget.” She smiled coyly, twisting her hair around the tip of her finger.
“Yes, you do.”
“Sorry, did we interrupt something?” Greg asked as Sherlock strode towards him, his usual trademark coat and scarf replaced with a black and grey morning suit and a hastily tied purple tie.
The man looked up at Greg and kept talking, completely ignoring Donovan’s existence.  “The bodies, according to the papers, were all female, white, nurses, aged between twenty three and thirty.  Other than that, they had nothing in common.”
Greg left with a bit of a spring in his step and whistling a happy little tune.  Maybe the handyman in Sherlock’s room would put the grumpy bastard in  a good mood for once.
“Is it normal to partake in sexual activities while on duty?”
“I did advise my brother not to go to the crime scene, but alas, he never has been one to follow good advice” Mycroft continued, not noticing how uncomfortable Greg was feeling right then.  Actually, scrap that - if the man was like Sherlock at all, and Greg would bet his badge that he was, he knew exactly how Greg was feeling and just didn’t give a shit.
The rest of the afternoon goes well.  Unfortunately, John needs to lend me one of his t-shirts as Watson does indeed like to yank on things and apparently nipples are a new novelty for her little fingers to grasp.  It is not at all a pleasant experience, despite Johns howl of laughter, which in turn cause Watson to laugh and then try again.  I will be getting him back for this at a later date.
motives and still spend Halloween with a happy John.
“Well, clearly your memory is lacking.  After we had cleaned up, I said ‘Marry me’ and you replied with
John gets pissy, Sherlock has had enough, things happen.
“I don’t.”
A confused, yet very petulant frown adorned Sherlock’s face.  “What?”
“No it is not all” Greg grumbled, stepping up to Sherlock.  “I can see now why you don’t usually wear a tie.  Who in the hell taught you how to tie one?”  And he brought his hand up to untie the mess that was around Sherlocks neck and re-tied it with a neat knot and even ends.
~~~~~~~~~~
Baking, Gerard Butler and an unwanted, late night conversation.
"They are all busy, Sherlock.  This heat has gotten everyone in a fluster."
Feeling a bit dumb and not really knowing what else to say, Greg just nodded. “Yeah, thanks.”  He had so many questions running through his head but clearly they weren’t going to get answered today, because Mrs Hudson bid him farewell and closed the door.
Blissfully happy with life, Sherlock fell asleep.
“You should move back here, John.” Sherlock spoke suddenly, reaching for his tea.
Sherlock and all related Characters belong to the BBC. This is a fanfiction.
Sebastian  slowly recovered, thanking all the stars he wasn't dead. He shivered where he had been dropped. He curled up the best he could. Sebastian's rational mind told him to sleep. The chains around his wrists rattled as he moved slightly. Sleep sounded great...
Sebastian gasped softly as the man pulled away and settled back into place. Sebastian trailed his eyes over the lean dark haired man.
“Its you.”Sherlock rumbled softly. “The scar...its you...mine...something I can see, no one else can.”He murmured. “My doctor.”
Jim watched him a bit and nodded. He looked to the man and smiles ever so softly. “He’s right, you know. My little ducky is always right.”
It went on for what seemed like an hour...each room aside from his was the same. Sebastian braced himself for the door to swing open as he heard the foot steps approach his door. A strangled cry escaped his lips as the door creaked open and food was slid in, then the door abruptly shut. Sebastian stared, wide-eyed and panicked.
Sherlock held John closer to him. “It’s not your fault, John. You didn’t have all the facts.”
Jim loved it, found the vest to be one of Sebastian's greatest gifts to him. The sniper shifted John lightly up against him, tugging off the jacket around the doctor's broad shoulders and pulled the vest on, strapping it tightly around him. Sebastian moved the brown coat to him and set it to one side, then propped John up against the shower wall. Jim came over and reached down to Sebastian, tracing his fingers over his hair.
“JOHN!”
“John, you know I don’t-“He started, but was cut off from John’s raised eyebrow.
“Yes, sir.” Came the rasped whisper, spilling from his lips. Sebastian stared at him as the man pulled a blanket over his naked shoulders.
The doctor stood with a chuckle, going to Sherlock, taking the cup from his hands, lacing his fingers with his  after setting the cup down. He leaned down and kissed him gently. “Sherlock...You are a silly billy.”
Sebastian blinked. His routine he kept in his mind was interrupted by the scrape of a key against the door lock. The others had perished, shot or starved. He was the only one left...Sebastian had become...something else. Broken and worn...His mind was fading away. Transformed into someone he didn't recognize any more. His face was gaunt and thin. His body covered in wounds, scars, blisters and dirt. He would hardly recognise himself as human anymore. He needed to get out...to kill...to escape. His faith in his military, his government was shattered, broken beyond repair. No one came for him.
Sebastian knelt down beside the sleeping doctor, settling his hands on his knees. He tilted his head a bit, taking him in. Jim's men had taken the doctor off the streets with ease, drugging him. Easier to move a knocked out man, then a devil with a gun. What a beautiful present...A sleeping John, in a silly cardigan. The sniper smiled a little, reaching over to run his calloused hand over the fabric. Everything about this was...John. His captain and the broken promise. Sebastian reached up to John's hair, teasing his fingers into the ageing blond hair, before gripping it and yanked John's head up slightly. His other hand traced over those soft lip, taking in the details. He thought he would never see John again...Jim was a beautiful man.
“Somethin’ the matter?” John asked, fixing his tie around his neck. Sherlock shook his head a little.
“Damn kids.”John swore, leaving Sherlock's side. “Threw a rock...”He huffed, picking up the stone, turning it over. “...Oh, its..a bit of a building. Brick or something.”John said, turning it over in his hand and set it on the fireplace shelf, looking to the now broken window.
The sharp slap of cold water woke Sebastian up from his sleep. Slightly feverish and groggy, Sebastian lashed out blindly as he was grabbed and hosted up to his feet, shoved against a wall. Blinking away the sleep, Sebastian gasped as fingers were forced into his mouth, more pills dropped into mouth and forced down his throat. He coughed, spluttering. He blinked again, staring at his captors. Five of them now. Sebastian tensed, gasping softly. He knew what was coming; his body braced for it as two men came over, ripping his uniform off. Sebastian grunted as the air hit his chest, then a scream tore from him as a hot poker was pressed into his skin.
“He’s sleeping, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s voice irritated Sherlock more than the seagulls did. “Armchair.” Mycroft gestured to Sherlock’s right side. He turned his head slowly, hunching over in his bed, panting a little, relaxing as he observed John resting in the comfortable armchair.
Sorry for the delay! Work, school...more school, and the thing known as "Being Inspired" seemed to escape me at the moment.
Jim sighed, glaring at him before walking away, Sebastian following him. They got into a car as Jim worked away on his phone. Sebastian settled into his seat, looking out the window, watching the rain start to fall down. He smiles, glad London’s weather was so damn predictable.  He inhaled deeply, taking in the smell of cold and rain, relaxing.  He felt tired…It had been a long day. Guns, explosions…it was productive, but tiring. He frowned as they stopped in front of a modern London flat.
John nodded, leaning into Sherlock's body, shaking a bit before collecting himself. He closed his eyes, letting his heart rate slow, before pulling away, letting go of Sherlock and sighed. “...Did I wake up the whole house?”He grunted, squinting past Sherlock to the living room window. Day time.
Sebastian nodded weakly, struggling to keep his eyes open. Jim stood as well, leaving through the open door James had tugged open. “There won’t be a next time.” Sebastian mumbled, closing his eyes as James smirked.
Mycroft could wait another day. John’s safety was more important. His drug addled mind tried to reach out to the furthest corners of his memory, but found himself struggling. Sherlock couldn’t solve this one just yet…Was it simply just Sebastian wanting to get at John?
“Ahnnn...!”John's body bowed upwards as Sherlock reached over to brush over the sensitive nipples, pinching them hard. John hissed sharply, reaching up to grab Sherlock's hand, only to have it slapped away and his hand pinned above his head. John's eyes widen as Sherlock moved a bit too roughly against him.
“I got a bacon butty.” Sherlock’s voice rumbled behind John.
John looked out the window. Bright and sunny…a rare morning in London. He picked up his wellies anyways. “Thanks. I’ll be off. I’ll put the kettle on for you.”
Sebastian jerked to full alertness as the door swung open with a bang. He pressed himself against the wall as two men grabbed him. Sebastian growled and gave a shout as he was forced to his knees. God the pain!
“It’s nothing John, just going over some information I hadn’t considered before.” Sherlock spoke smoothly.
I guess I've been utterly busy.
Much love and care
Sebastian tossed the cigarette aside, his jaw clenched tight, a dead look in his eyes as he stood. “Come and find me when yer ready to play, Captain.” He said, pulling the screeching door open, heading out.
“Oh? And if I do, you’ll shoot me? Boring.” Jim snorted. “…No…I don’t need to move to kill you.” He said, pursing his lips slightly. Jim looked to Sebastian, rubbing his thumb over his cheek lightly.
“I saw you die.” John said slowly.
Sebastian was alone.
“You shouldn’t have let him mark you.” Jim muttered, running a thumb over the cut on Sebastian lip.
“I thought he was dead, Sherlock.” John mumbled into his chest. “I did…I really did. All the reports told me he was…I…I told his friends back home…”He shivered as Sherlock felt warm tears hit his skin.
Sebastian felt alone as he slowly drifted to sleep, sticky and exhausted.
Sherlock leaned up, kissing his cheek. “John…”He murmured.
“We have to stop Sebastian and Moriarty. I know. We will.” John muttered, his tone a bit hard. “That’s not the Sebastian I knew…I don’t think I can save him, no matter how hard I try. The doctor in me won’t work this time, I’m afraid. I can’t be compassionate about this…he’s hurt innocent people…I’ve…”He shook his head falling silent.
“Never. Thank you for this.” Sebastian nodded. “Its...wonderful.”He smiled, shifting to get his lovely bomb vest.
“I did. Do you?”John asked, pausing as he looked back up at those stormy eyes. The detective shook his head, parting his lips slightly. John just smiles softly as he return to press kisses over his skin.
The Detective blinked and nodded a bit at him. “John...I won't break if you ever want to go further. I do know about sex.”
“Easy!” Jim snarled up at them. James just chuckled softly, leaning over Sebastian and bit down on his neck. Sebastian moaned loudly as James clamped down and drew blood as Sebastian adjusted around him.
Sebastian watched as Sherlock arrive and rolled his eyes a bit at the show boating, then swallowed hard as John stepped out. Beautiful and stiff as he spoke. He was too far for Sebastian to hear. Didn't matter. All he needed to hear was Jim's word. Sebastian hissed as John grabbed Jim, watching his eyes widen in surprise. Sebastian reacted, flicking on his laser pointer, making sure it was on John, then made sure his gun was trained on Sherlock.  The tension was tangible, however the sniper's heart was even, his head was level headed.
John laughed, finishing his tea. “Right.” He shook his head.
“Seems I’ve balls this one up a bit.” John said weakly.
“NO!” John bellowed as the bomb exploded, sending his world into blackness.
Sebastian felt the bed dip behind him, hearing the clink of a glass being set down on a wooden table. He inhaled sharply as he felt James’ hand run over his back, the scars, then down over his ass, gripping it. Nails dug into his flesh, causing Sebastian to grunt softly in pain. He slowed down a little as he turned his head to glance to James, before stilling completely. He hissed softly as James moved behind him, letting him go. Jim grunted, hissing at Sebastian to keep going. The soldier tensed a little, caught between two wolves.
“I did.” Sebastian said gently. “I’ll live. But yah got what yah wanted.” He shrugged a bit.
“Fuck.” Sebastian moaned loudly, rocking into Jim, his body brushing over Jim’s as James rocked them both into the bed. The bed started to shake, rocking hard and hitting the wall. James growled, biting over Sebastian’s skin again, digging his nails into the skin, clawing down it. Sebastian gasped, tilting his head back. James wrapped an arm around his chest to hold him into place, causing Sebastian’s knees to ache from being propped up. He looked down to the lewd form beneath him, running a hand over the prone body, then grunted as his hair was gripped and his head yanked back. “Come on Sebby…Come on…”James whispered into his ear. “Be a good boy for me…”He peered over his shoulder, looking down at Jim as his brother moaned loudly.
John's eyes looked up at him, blinking rapidly. “W...what? Oh, S...Sherlock, its fine...this is fine. All fine.”He breathed, relaxing.
Sherlock nodded before reaching over to fish through John's drawers, finding what he needed. The warming lube John kept in his dresser. John rolled his eyes a bit, annoyed that Sherlock had gone through his things to know where the lube was exactly. He chuckled softly, watching him rub the substance between his nice long fingers. John bit his lip, letting his eyes close a bit. Heat rose through him as Sherlock lifted his leg a but awkwardly. John watched his dearest friend kiss along his thigh lightly as he teased a finger over his dick, fondling his balls and down in between his legs. John gasped as the warm lube touched his hole and moaned loudly as Sherlock pressed a finger into him. Sherlock paused, letting John adjust, watching him squirm slightly.
Sherlock looked to the sleeping man next to him, watching him slowly wake up.
“You saw bombs hit around me. No one found a body. No one looked for me.” Sebastian said evenly. “I was tortured, you know.” He said, inhaling another drag from his smoke.
“...W...what?” Sebastian breathed, shock finally over riding his excitement. Irish man...why would a well dressed Irish man be here?
Sherlock just smiled, cleaning John up gently, being careful. John mewled at the over sensitive skin that was being rubbed by the wash cloth. “Shh...its okay...”Sherlock said gently.
“I know you're a top...”Sherlock said slowly.
The Irish man rolled his eyes. “Took you far tooooooo long Sherlock.”He said in a sing song tone. “The very same…if he weren’t such a broken man, I would say the same Sebastian that saved his captain allllll thosssee yeeaarrs agooo~.” He hummed. “But…torture can shape men like no other. A Sebastian went in, but a different one came out.”
The tired hum that came from John, seemed on que as he sipped his coffee. His stance was relaxed, not fully alert, resting his weight all on one foot. Sherlock watched him, following the weary hand up to the half-hearted rub at his left eye. Thin lines drew from the corners of John’s eyes as he yawned. Rosie must have kept him up last night. John was increasingly tired with the one year old becoming more and more active. Sherlock noted that John didn’t wear his ring any more…there was barely a tan line from where it once sat. He knew John kept it…in a small box on his bedside table, in 221B, Baker Street…but never at his own flat. Sherlock didn’t quite understand why, but never brought it up. He didn’t dare…not unless John did so first.
His skin burned. No…crawled would be the better used. Yes, his skin crawled as his senses were assaulted by too many smells, sounds, touches. The wool on his jacket scraped and irritated his exposed wrists.
“Thought you wanted to wait.”A murmur came from Sherlock.
John laughed, shaking his head, turning to take the kettle off the stove. “I'm sure you know about it, but have you ever acted upon your basic urges?”He asked. “It is natural and you are human, Sherlock, in spite of you not eating and sleeping like everyone else.”He said, making tea.
“Oh? Where would Rosie sleep? Not downstairs. Too damp for her.” John pointed out, looking up at Sherlock, observing. A Doctor’s observation…a Military man’s observation…Sherlock could never quite tell.
The irons around his wrist had been removed as they had started to rub sores into his skin. Mercy, perhaps...Sebastian's mind struggled to keep his routine. It was always the same. De-assemble his gun, clean it, reassemble, put away. Go for a walk in Hyde Park, avoid the geese, go watch the changing of the guards. Go to Soho, take the Oxford Circus stop. A bit of a walk, worth it. See the graffiti near the sex shop, some of the best graffiti in the city. Keep going straight...stop to watch the moving clock...Then...?
His mind reeled at the thought as he tried to jerk away, only to get another burn to his chest. Tossed to the horrible dirty floor, the rest of his uniform shirt was taken and held down. He growled.
Sebastian flicked his tongue over his cut lip and started to chuckle. “What makes yah think I din’t allow it?” He snickered, turning his head up to look at the man. “God, yer foked.”
Sherlock had to admit: It was one of the worse highs he ever had.
Sebastian made sure the dogs grabbed John first, making sure that their handlers had the captain first.
Jim pulled Sebastian's coat off as James worked at the buttons on his shirt, pulling it away, letting it crumple to the floor with the flick of his wrist. Sebastian glanced to James, taking in those dark glittering eyes, before tilting his head down to kiss Jim, smirking at the growl he earned from James. Sebastian was wise enough to keep his hands to himself as he kissed Jim, gasping sharply as James pulled him away by the scruff of his hair. The soldier couldn't help but smirk as his face was drawn dangerously close to that twisted sneer. His heart raced, keeping his eye contact with James, silently challenging him.
“Then…Jim came. He came and rescued me. I get back home and find I’ve been dishonourably discharged for killing civilians!” Sebastian snarled. “Fock that! I were straight as ah arrow! You, the damn bloody government told me ta stick it up me arse. Some welcome home, Captain. Some welcome home.” Sebastian stood, crouching next to John.
John looked down at the man at his knees. Covered in sand, blood, and other things John could never identify, Sebastian gave a shaky wheeze. “Heyah, Doc…seems I got hit.” He gasped, coughing up blood.
John looked at his hands, suddenly heavy with his gun. His brow knitted together in confusion, then looked around. The lush hills started to crumble, spilling forward with sand. The path started to break and crack under John's feet, forcing him to run forward. The garden's pond started to turn black, bleeding oil from the car that was burning there now.
The body crumpled to the ground before Sebastian lowered his hand, sighing. “Well…”He shrugged, slipping the safety back on the gun, before looking down at Jim.  Jim turned to him, taking the gun.
Sherlock grinned brightly, nodding.
Sherlock jerked back, his curls bouncing off his face as a soft gasp escaped his lips. His eyes widen slightly at the sight of a gun pointed right at his forehead by a tall blond man with a cigarette between his lips.
John sighed, rubbing his face. “Really? Sherlock...”he just sighed again. “Fine...just...let me know what you're going to do.”He muttered, settling back down. Sherlock nodded, watching John slowly drift to sleep. Sherlock eased his arm from under John's head, getting to work.
“Sherlock?” John asked, turning more fully towards him. Sherlock knew he thought the Great Detective had thought of something brilliant for a case. The Doctor who always found him brilliant, no matter what his faults. Sherlock shook his head, finishing his butty. He wondered if John understood that he was the Sun, not Sherlock. He wondered if he knew how remarkable a seemingly boring man was to Sherlock. His Doctor, his John H. Watson, his Sun.
The sniper headed down the block as the police sirens came to the community pool. Jim had escaped and was waiting for him, leaning against a brick stone wall.
Sebastian just smiles, and leaned into his touch. “Get yer answers…” Sebastian reached up to Jim’s waist, feeling along the silk shirt, humming. Jim smiles and watched the man.
A cry rose from him as a slash cut across his skin. “Geck...Fok...ing...”He gasped.
“I’ve got my prize. He’ll want his.
John scoffed, shaking his head. “I don't have anyone like that.”He said, going back to the glass, cleaning it up properly.
John gave a shaky laugh. “My arse he didn’t know. He knows everything.” John said softly.
John groaned softly, curling up when Sherlock was done.  He listened to him leave the room, heading downstairs. The plumbing rattled as Sherlock turned the water on to clean the cloth, then turned the water off. John smiled as the stairs creaked as he came back up to sit beside him. The bed dipped next to John as the covers were pulled up around him gently. John rolled over and cuddled up to the wonderfully naked broad chest. He was glad Sherlock had a somewhat smooth chest. John stroked over the cooling skin and looked up at Sherlock, kissing his chin. Sherlock smiled softly, shifting to set the laptop on the night table next to him. John squinted.
John tilted his head towards Sherlock, his brow furrowing deeply. He was quite for a long time, before he sat back.
John Looked amused as he watched Sherlock struggle with why he bought the cakes. It would never occur to Sherlock he just wanted cake after dinner tonight. And they were in the area of his favourite tea shop, so why not take advantage of it?
John's fingers felt a bit stiff as he fumbled with the teabag, frowning as it flopped uselessly to the kitchen floor. He stared at it for a moment, knowing Sherlock was watching him. He sniffed a bit, before bending down to pick it up and get a new teabag. He jumped slightly as warm arms slid around him, pulling him to a firm chest behind him.
Sherlock rose from his seat, going to the broken brick John had set on the on the fireplace, turning it over in his hand. He blinked as he spotted writing on it. He frowned, taking it to his room, hiding it away and came back as John grumbled, calling someone to come replace the window. He set about cleaning up the glass, annoyed.
“Have you eaten, Sherlock?” John asked, his voice as light as it could be in the morning. Behind Sherlock, a song bird sang, followed by the garish scream of a seagull. Sherlock blinked, coming back to himself.
“John...”Sherlock opened his eyes, looking down at him. He reached a hand up to stroke over his face lightly, before touching the scar on his shoulder lightly.  The doctor looked up at him, his eyes hazy with sleepiness.  Sherlock smiled, kissing his head lightly.
Thank you for all of your views. I appreciate them.
He allows the invading tongue into his mouth, letting Sherlock control the kiss. Felt nice to turn himself over to someone else willingly. John slid his hand over the silk texture of Sherlock's shirt, inhaling his scent. The taste of tobacco and smoke lingered in Sherlock's mouth. The smell of something like vanilla and sulphur clung to Sherlock's skin as John took Sherlock in. He wondered if the little things about him mattered to Sherlock. The man who saw everything, missed so much. John smiled softly into the kiss, pulling back as the kettle started to shriek at them from the stove.
“What you give me?”He gasped up at the men, only to be met with a swift kick to the gut. Sebastian gasped for air, curling up as the men left, shutting the door behind them.
“John...”Sherlock purred.
“A bit early for you, isn’t it?” Mycroft’s bored tone came across the receiver.
A scoff came from the younger man as John kissed him again. “Really John.” He protested at the name calling. He huffed as John laughed, relaxing again. His mind settled, letting himself be kissed by this brilliant, un-dull man before him. The man who killed for him. Sherlock smiled softly, letting John tease a hand through his hair. Sherlock hummed, closing his eyes, pressing his head into John's chest, enjoying the smell of tea, sweat, disinfectant, and gunpowder that came off of him.
“Look how…hurt he is, Sherlly. Your John. My, my…Sebastian hasn’t even come to see him yet.” Jim hummed, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hair.
Ah, torture.
“John.” Sherlock touched his hip gently, cautious.
The soldier smiled softly, closing his eyes as he listened to the footsteps come closer. He sighed softly as a hand took his chin lightly, tilting his head up gently. Sebastian’s eyes fluttered open meeting the soulless eyes of Jim. “...He’s damaged you. You allowed this?” Jim asked.
“No guns around Rosie…eyes, ears…body parts. Experiments that involve masks, not here.” John picked up his tea, returning to it.
Cold and wet. Iron biting into his wrists and the pain. The pain told Sebastian he was very much alive. He could do this. Where ever he was he could make it. He had to make it. For John...for Jones, for Morris...Poor Morris...
“They were out.” Sherlock countered, paying for the butty, heading out with John following him. Sherlock munched on the butty, not willing to admit that, perhaps, he did need the salty food.
“...What?”He breathed.
“Naturally, how I roll.” Jim’s voice drawled somewhere above him. “Seems he did a well bang up job on you. I’ll have to tell him to dial it back next time.”
The sniper smiled a bit before leaning forward and kissed John’s forehead. “Lead us home, Captain.” He murmured, pulling away to go back to his seat.
“Shut up and listen.” Sherlock snapped. “John’s been taken…I need his company files…everyone who he’s worked with, who’s first or last name starts with ‘S’. Mycroft, hurry…This isn’t about me this time.” Sherlock said. “It is, but isn’t.” He grabbed his coat, darting down the stairs, mobile pressed to his ear.
Sherlock watched John with that look of wonder and amazement in his eyes. John loved that look on him...and it was only for the doctor to see. John smiles so softly as Sherlock's fingers dance across his skin, preparing him. Sherlock pulled his hand away, taking some more lube and rubbed it over his very hard member. John shivered at the size of it, then gasped sharply as Sherlock ran a finger over his dick lightly, before pulling him into his mouth. John gave a startled cry, tilting his head back as the finger found its way back inside of him. John's fingers fluttered closed as he strained himself not to thrust wildly into Sherlock's hot mouth. A whine came from the doctor as he reached down to grip Sherlock's curls. Sherlock slowed slightly before picking his pace back up a bit, sliding that wicked tongue over John's tip, teasing it with caressing swirls. John gasped as he rolled his hips up sharply, whimpering. Sherlock pulled John's hands away, pinning them to his side. He growled softly as he kissed John's hip and shifted to settle in between his knees.  John braced himself as he felt Sherlock nudge himself in gently.  John let out a small his of discomfort, causing Sherlock to slow, watching him.
John wrapped Sebastian leg tightly, straightening up. “It’s alright, I’m rig-“
Sebastian shrugged. “Dogs won’t go near ‘em. They take bullet fire, but won’t go near some damn bugs.”He said, reassembling his gun. He put it away, looking to John properly.
“Shame…really…I was hoping I would be able to do that tonight.” James hummed, leaning up to bite harshly at Sebastian’s neck.
“We’ll deal with it later, John.” Sherlock muttered softly, rubbing his thumb across John’s cheek gently.
Sebastian stat on his knees, body sagged slightly in surrender.  The metal of the gun bit into his head a bit as it was pressed firmly against his temple. Sebastian’s eyes were downcast and blank, his mind reeling in panic. Outwardly, no emotion played across his face. His body was numb as he stared at the floor. He had a cut across his brow, shallow, and one across his lip. Not too bad. He could live. The coldness of the concrete floor beneath him seeped into his skin, chilling his bones. They were in an abandon car park. Easier to clean up, Sebastian guessed.
The sun spilled forward once again, breaking through the windows and washed over Sherlock and John. The dust in the flat danced about as the two sat in silence, comfortable with each other, understanding each other in that moment. The Doctor and the Detective, united under one roof, once again, this time as lovers.
“...Is that my laptop?”John asked. Sherlock pursed his lips a little as if the question was dull. John shifted up. “What are you doing with it?”
“No, no, no, Sherlock. You get to watch. My best toy against yours. This was his birthday wish. Did you know?” Jim dragged Sherlock across the room, then gripped his hair and shoved him against some glass. Sherlock hissed in pain, opening his eyes, hands pressed against the glass. Jim pressed a button on the intercom between the two rooms. Where they in an old police station? Sherlock had to wonder for a moment before Jim spoke into his ear.
John nodded a bit, waiting for Sherlock to catch up before continuing their walk. “Why hadn’t you considered it before? Not important?” John asked.
Sebastian wheezed, reaching over to his captain, shifting to cover him the best he could. “C-Cap…sh…shit…hold on…look!”He grabbed John’s armour and shook him. “Dogs, damn things…”He gasped, looking to the army dogs rushing towards them.
Sherlock needed to find out about John's past....everything....email, blog, war stories...everything.
“Complicated.” Sherlock mumbled, forcing one eye open. The other seemed to refuse to cooperate at all, remaining shut.
The cocky tone was soft and cut across the noise. John stood, staring as the world went suddenly silent. Sebastian stood a few yards from him, gun in hand, uniform splattered with burns and blood.
“Tea?”He asked softly, touching the low hanging curls around Sherlock's ears.
John undid his shirt, folding it neatly, glancing to Sherlock's sleeping form. He smiled softly as he took off his pants and socks, leaving them on the floor. He could deal with them later. They were in John's room...Sherlock had wandered up there after dinner, babbling about molds or something or other. John had tuned him out a bit as he cleaned up. Now that they where in their bedroom, John could relax. He watched the detective a bit longer before kneeling over his prone form, kissing his hip gently, slipping a hand under the shirt Sherlock had stolen from him. He smiled softly as Sherlock woke, peering down at him through lazy eyes. A smile curled itself over his lips as John returned to his explorations of Sherlock's navel.
Sebastian was startled at the sudden calmness in Jim's body. Then the soldier notice the glittering cold glee in Moriarty's eyes . He lowered the cigarette from his lips, parting them slightly, staring at him. The silence made the hair on Sebastian's neck stand up. A soft gasp escaped him as Jim grabbed him and pulled him closed.
Sherlock followed him back, sitting across from him, not drinking his tea. “...Once or twice. I've had sex once or twice. It was...more experimental.”
“Get out…we’re stopping here.” Jim slipped out of the car. Sebastian nodded, following him, shutting the door behind him.
Sebastian shrugged a bit. “Had to make it look convincing.”
"On the bed." James hissed at Sebastian.
John raised his eyebrow. “And tracing it back to me is...okay?”He asked.
“There yah are.” Sebastian said, almost snorting. He lights a cigarette, taking a long drag, blowing the smoke to one side, glad Jim finally let it out. “What yah want me to do?” He asked, looking to Jim.
John turned, glancing to Sherlock’s hand, nodding. “I thought you’d go for the curry butty, honestly.”
John stood and paused when he heard the dogs barking. Sebastian opened his eyes, frowning as he stared at the wall, listening. “…Seems like we’re up.” Sebastian stood, heading out, grabbing his armour and gun. John nodded, doing the same.
John was having a nightmare again. Sherlock reached over hesitantly and stroked John’s hair before shaking him lightly. John hissed, eyes flying open, unfocused for a moment. He blinked, finding himself back in the warmth of their bedroom. He shuddered as he sat up, noting that Sherlock’s arms had settled around his waist.
Sebastian's mind reeled again. It was dangerous, this man was dangerous. A trap! He couldn't escape this one...had to plan carefully...He had to...
The detective tilted his head, stroking his hair, before laying down beside him, wrapping his arms around him lightly. “Perhaps.”
“No.”Sherlock stated simply.  “You slept through the night...the dream was only recent.”
He glances down; the landing pad and homeless network are in place. “Goodbye, John.
“Right, okay. Enjoy,” John says, making his way back to the counter, and hoping the heat rising in his face and on the back of his neck isn’t
, and I would've stood by your side again, just like old times."
"I'll just, make you boys a fresh pot of tea, shall I?" Mrs Hudson says at length, pulling back and sniffing once, hard.
MYCROFT:
“Do you have –” Sherlock starts, and cuts himself off when he sees that John’s already reached behind the counter and secured sugar packets, which he places before him. Sherlock blinks, eyes wide and expression unreadable. “Oh.”
The first thing Sherlock does once he’s on the plane is look up John’s blog.
He’s about to make for the counter when the hand on his wrist stops him. He turns; Sherlock’s staring at where his fingers are pressed lightly, imperceptibly (to anyone else except John – he didn’t go to medical school for
Mycroft opens his mouth to reply, but before he can do so the door bangs open and Mrs Hudson sweeps in, feather-duster in hand. The anger on her face shows she's heard the entire conversation.
it reads in Sherlock's characteristically pristine writing -
“That Mary and I aren’t – that we’re not –” John explains with characteristic eloquence, “We haven’t been seeing each other since you came back.”
?” Sherlock splutters. His world tilts on its axis and something dangerously close to resembling hope blooms in his chest. (It eases the pain a little.) “How did I not
He tosses the phone back at him on his way out and watches as Anderson fumbles to catch it, nearly dropping it in the process.
The scene fades to black, but the credits don’t roll. Instead, there are hazy flashes of light and the sound of Watson’s voice, “
Molly narrows her eyes at him.  “Which one?”
"-John?"
“Why don’t you go sit down,” Sherlock says loudly, propelling John towards the sitting room with one hand (he keeps the other firmly behind his back). “I’ll make us tea.”
With that he brushed past John, leaving behind him a chaotic tableau of forensic analysis reports, old case files and sheet music scattered on the kitchen floor. John sighed, wondering if things were ever going back to the way they were, or if they were stuck in perpetual awkward limbo, their lives ruined by a film starring the fictional, Victorian versions of themselves.
"You're responsible for this," Smith hisses wildly now, all composure gone, his fingers drumming out a ceaseless rhythm next to Sherlock's head, "You - take a look around, Mr Holmes - this is all you, no one else. How does it feel, hm? To know you could've prevented this, if only you'd kept your goddamn mouth shut those years ago."
He reached out and laid a hand on John’s shoulder. Then, when John appeared no more forthcoming, asked, “Tea?”
their way down his body and onto the tiled floor.
“Well, come in, come in!” She holds the door open for John to step into the hallway. “Sherlock told me you’d be dithering on the doorstep.”
," he says, and when all John does is stare unseeingly at their burgundy carpeted floor, he rests a palm lightly on John's knee. "Look at me."
“Yes,
“If you want,” Sherlock shrugged, pulling his phone out to see whether Lestrade had any exciting murders waiting to be solved. (There were none.)
secure.
John resists the urge to roll his eyes as Sherlock flounces off to the other side of the room to peer closely at the mouldy, peeling wallpaper for evidence, leaving John standing with Donovan and Anderson besides the body.
Mycroft clears his throat, brushing invisible lint off his trousers as he collects his umbrella and turns back to look at them. "Sherlock," he says, and when Sherlock refuses to meet his gaze he sighs, continues, "Remember that I did what I had to to save your life. I had a very good reas-"
, his mind helpfully reminds him, the traitor), "- would have been better off unsaid. And besides," his lips twist, a rueful smile, "You would've thought it was a bid for attention, anyway."
“Of – of course,” John says, taking the note. He gestures at Molly, who – bless her – has taken things in stride and is already measuring out the milk. “Here, lemme just,” he says, reaching back to rifle in their cash register for the correct amount of change.
Watson looks positively beside himself with rage. “
He’s standing atop St. Bart’s, phone discarded and arms outstretched, willing himself not to look at John standing below, knowing that if he does, he’ll never jump.
He tightens his grip on his phone, focussing on the words displayed on the screen:
Watson!” Sherlock snaps, abandoning all dignity as he scrambles gracelessly off the bed and advances towards John. He backs up until he hits the nearest wall.
John lets loose a somewhat hysterical laugh. He wipes tears from his eyes with the back of his hand. “If by
Sherlock waited, hoping, and hating himself for daring to hope.
“Oh, you boys have fun tonight, won’t you?” the lady – Mrs Hudson – says excitedly, as John finally reaches the ground floor, having made it past the veritable obstacle course Sherlock’s left behind him.
MYCROFT:
certainly appears incapable of expressing no other sentiment than –”
He hears the armchair scrape across the floor as John hurriedly stands, and grins at nothing in particular. John comes up behind him and presses a kiss into the nape of his neck, the other snaking around his waist; Sherlock sighs, leaning back into the touch.
, Sherlock’s mind helpfully reminds him.
"Good," Sherlock says, too fast, though from the relaxed slump of John's shoulders he can tell the sentiment's mutual. He frowns, as a thought occurs to him. "She shot Smith?"
“…get away from him, alright?” Sherlock is saying, a note of desperation in his voice.
"Alright, alright!" Sherlock practically yelps, catching John's hand in his own. He takes a deep, steadying breath. "It was - ill-advised of me not to tell you or the Inspector about Beppo. I am... I'm sorry. And I'll make the apology to Lestrade tomorrow," he adds, at John's raised eyebrow.
MYCROFT:
"That would be lovely, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock says, and as soon as she bustles off he's across the room, kneeling in front of John.
At that, Sherlock opens his eyes. "I beg your pardon?"
“…Yes, course I will,” John says, and he doesn’t even care how insane he sounds, or how utterly bonkers this whole evening is turning out to be, never mind the fact that he has absolutely no clue what he’s getting himself into here with this self-proclaimed
- both been thinking of filing for divorce. We just haven't gotten round to that yet, what with the baby and all."
Relief crashes into him, wave after wave of it until he’s drowning. (His chest is still constricted and he feels two seconds away from a heart attack, but he’s never been happier to see John.)
And Sherlock turns to look at him, a question in his eyes that John answers with his lips. The kiss is electric and bruising, and as John slides a hand up the nape of Sherlock’s neck and yanks at the other’s curls he feels Sherlock shudder and practically
“Shut up,” Sherlock says mutinously, turning his attention back to the telly.
A glance up and down the street tells him there’s a small, non-descript café by the name of Speedy’s not too far away. Perhaps he should just nip in there for a quick cuppa, gather himself a bit before–
“Just what?” John asked, oblivious as usual.
“Okay, okay, fine,” John says, sensing this to be an argument he can’t win as he takes the phone. The screen displays a blank message to an unsaved contact.
“I –” Sherlock closes his eyes, opens them again. “I never meant to hurt you, John. I was selfish, I thought only of myself when I injected. You have Mary now, I didn’t think my being gone would – affect your life, very much.”
“Shut up, Mycroft.”
"Before I got on that plane, John," Sherlock says, watching as John's eyes widen in surprise (they'd both agreed that day was taboo as a topic of discussion), "What I was going to say - was that between you and the rest of the world, there wasn't ever a choice for me to make. I realized this when the Lotus Tong kidnapped you and nothing in the world mattered except getting you out. Getting on that flight was one of the hardest decisions I've had to make, and by the time I got on it, I'd convinced myself that life without you by my side wasn't worth living - hence, the drugs. Sorry about that, by the way, I was only trying to-"
, John, and it never will be!”
“What the
“Enough,” Sherlock says. The hand grasping his mug is shaking so badly it’s a wonder he hasn’t dropped it yet. “John,
Lestrade opens his mouth, looking highly affronted.
“I’ll do my best.”
” Watson says, with a supreme air of confidence. John feels distinct pride at the thought that his talent and perceptive insight were acknowledged by the film’s writer.
knew who he was. Not me, not Lestrade, and almost certainly not anyone else."
“I’m sorry,” he offered. “About the wedding.”
John raises his eyebrows. “Would you like another?” he asks, but he’s already pushed off the counter and is en route to the machine.
He presses, hard, and watches as the detective's face crumples and his resolve breaks.
,” John smirks. “Guess Mary and I are just great actors. I mean, we managed to fool even the great Sherlock Holmes.”
He busies himself with the tree; he’s moved on to the lights in the time it takes Molly to take the couple’s order (“Double-shot americano,” the taller of the two says, “And a hot chocolate for him.” He gestures to his boyfriend, leaning forward conspiratorially, “Dave doesn’t do coffee.”) and for them to be seated by the corner table.
” Watson abruptly says, before glancing up to check that Holmes is listening,
John makes an abortive gesture with his free hand – it hovers over Sherlock’s knee before falling back to John’s side. “Yes, of course I know,” John says gently, squeezing Sherlock’s shoulder, “And I do for you.”
Sherlock continues staring down, unmoving. It takes John all of five seconds to figure out why. “Ah, sorry,” he says, and lets his hand fall. It feels cold and oddly bereft now it’s not covering Sherlock’s fingers and the warmed ceramic of the cup.
Five minutes later the jet turns around because England needs Sherlock, and Sherlock withdraws into the deepest recesses of his Mind Palace in an attempt to solve the case.
so here have this happy alternative instead ;)
She doesn't acknowledge him except to step closer, digging the barrel of the gun into John's temple as Sherlock watches, his heart plummeting and lodging itself behind his diaphragm at the sight.
"That's not -" John says, voice cracking. He licks his lips and tries again, "That's not true. All I needed was a word, Sherlock. Just
He catches the detective's eye where he's sprawled languidly on the sofa, and a split second later they're both gone; John clutches the sofa cushion and wheezes with laughter, Sherlock rolling to hide his grin against the back of the sofa.
There’s a devastation in Holmes’ eyes that John can’t bear to see, and when Holmes stops resisting, simply lets his hand slip from Moriarty’s throat and closes his eyes, waiting for death, John reaches for the remote. “Right, I’m turning this off.”
What matters is that now they
On-screen, things take an unexpected turn when Holmes finds the note attached to Sir Eustace’s body (“Miss me?”) and Moriarty’s involvement in the affair is made evident. John watches as Holmes’ confidence steadily deteriorates on the journey back to their rooms, watches as the first thing he does upon entering the flat is make a beeline for a chest of drawers, watches in dawning horror as Holmes turns to reveal a syringe and case in his hands.
“Oh, cheers,” John says, hanging up his coat and turning to make his way upstairs to his bedroom. “Night, Sherlock.”
Angelo beams at the sight of them and ushers them in, booting a pair of customers unceremoniously from their seats so he can show John and Sherlock to their usual table. (“Sorry,” John mouths at them. They don’t seem very impressed.)
She leaves much, much later, obviously reluctant to ever consider going out with John Watson again. (Or, indeed, going
here, and John wouldn’t have had it happen any other way.
Sherlock turns up his coat collar and John shoves his hands deep into his jacket pockets, hurrying to keep up with the other’s long strides as Sherlock makes a beeline for the pier.
, his mind gleefully supplies) flat.
“Oh.” Sherlock glances down at the carton he’s still holding, then slowly makes his way to the bin. “Sorry?” he offers, once the toes are safely discarded in the bin, and no longer mingling with John’s food.
“Sherlock,” John says, and there’s a roaring in his ears which has nothing to do with the still-smarting blow he took to the side of his head.
’s voice, not Holmes’. Sherlock telling him he’s brilliant, telling him he’s amazing, and courageous, and unfailingly loyal.
“You go now,” the guard said to him in rough, broken English, pointing at the door.
John rolls his eyes.
,” Holmes is saying emphatically, his smile tired but affectionate as he picks himself off the floor and goes to stand by Watson’s side. (John wishes Sherlock smiled at him like that, with such sincerity and emotion.) “
"I don't like confrontation either," he whispers conspiratorially to the Earl Grey. It remains impassive. "But I'm rather enjoying this one."
have a plan that will (hopefully) resolve their current situation and alleviate any of the lingering awkwardness.
“Your teeth are chattering.”
He's silenced by the insistent press of John's lips against his. He slides a hand into John's hair and traces his apology against the roof of John's mouth, his lips, and maybe it's the morphine, because all of a sudden his head's fuzzy and higher functions appear to be impaired.
Sarah makes no reply, staring vacantly ahead, clutching the brandy like she’s drowning and it’s a lifeline tethering her to the shore.
Sherlock’s gaze snaps up to meet his, and there’s a naked vulnerability in his eyes, in the line of his throat as he swallows, in the frantic beat of his pulse that John can feel under his fingertips.
There’s a pause while John looks stricken, torn between punching the living daylights out of Sherlock or fucking the living daylights out of him.
John frowns, because this sounds less promising than the adrenaline-laden ghost chase he’d been prepared for.
“Say what?”
“Seeing each other, like,
"6.5," Sherlock cuts in, sitting up to plant his feet on the floor as he turns to face John. "It was so disappointingly obvious it hardly warrants a 7. Besides, we knew who the murderer was from the start."
John snorts, his annoyance evaporating in an instant.
John pursed his lips. (He looked vaguely disappointed. Something sank in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach.) “We can have Angelo box it up.”
“Are you sure?” is what Lestrade finally settles on, glancing at Sherlock like he’s hoping to be contradicted.  “Pyeterson could have done this without outside help, you know.”
“Quickly, please, we’re in a hurry!” their regular chooses that moment to call across the shop. His shout startles the only other patron in the shop, an elderly lady sitting by the window, who’s been trying for the past hour to figure out the day’s crossword without her reading-glasses. (John wonders if it’s worth telling her they’re perched on her head, and that the reason she hasn’t yet realized the letters don’t fit is because the paper’s the wrong way up.)
Relief and disappointment flicker over John’s face, there and gone so quickly Sherlock almost misses them. John settles for chuckling, the amusement evident in his expression as he says, “It’s not.”
“Could –” Sherlock’s voice is hoarse and breaks after the first word; he clears his throat. “Could John and I take a moment?”
Lestrade groaned, banging his forehead against the window of his car. “God help me, now there’s two of them.”
John makes for the door, and Sherlock panics, because he needs John to understand; he needs John to know.
He was about to leave when he noticed the tab that Sherlock had hurriedly minimized on his browser when John came in. Glancing towards the still-empty doorway, John hurriedly clicked into it. His eyes were immediately assaulted with pastel fonts and an overly hipster blog layout. But that wasn’t what caught John’s eye. What did was the blog’s title, done in a cursive, loopy font that John had no desire to see ever again in his lifetime:
A line from the film plays on loop in John’s head:
John looks taken aback. “Don’t what?”
“Oh,” Sherlock says, cheeks flushing from what
John raises his eyebrows. “A threat? Well, you can tell Lestrade not to worry because I’m not going to tell, and that he can shove that
of a cup being set rather forcefully into its saucer from behind has him glancing round. Their regular, his MI-6 friend and Molly are frozen in a tableau at the corner table: Molly, a mixture of horror and apprehension on her face; their regular, one of mild annoyance; and Sandy Hair, one of exasperation and embarrassment.
John watches as the regular folds himself gracefully into the quilted armchair, leans back against the garish, cat-patterned cushion as his companion – sandy grey hair, windbreaker, an exhaustion that seeps from his every pore – plops down in the chair opposite. From inside his jacket the man fishes out a thin file, which he and the regular immediately bend their heads over. John wonders if it’s secret, confidential MI-6 business (that would explain their regular’s usual secretive nature, as well as the fact that Sandy Hair actually has a pair of black Ray-Bans perched on top of his head), or if that’s just his imagination going into overdrive.
"No," John says, his smile sharp enough to cut, "
John quite frankly doesn’t remember the last time he’s had so many things he wants to say in his life. Just exactly
he'd missed that on John
Then John grins up at him, rises on his toes and presses a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock stops worrying about the drop he feels in the pit of his stomach because this – this isn’t falling.
“Molly?” John abandons the latte, making his way out from behind the counter, because Molly’s wringing her apron tie and looks near tears. Right. John steels his face into his fakest, politest smile and turns to their regular, whose attractive qualities certainly appeared to be dwindling at the moment. “Everything alright, sir?”
“Sod this,” John says, his body a line of tension and his fists clenched in anger. (Sherlock wishes John would hit him. It would hurt less.) “
“On the house,” John cajoles, unhooking a clean cup from the draining board. “C’mon, just one. And take your time about it. When was the last time you took more than thirty seconds to finish a coffee, mm?”
Sherlock huffed. He shoved his phone into his jacket pocket, unwound his scarf from his neck and shoved it at John. “Here.”
"Yeah." John takes a deep, shuddering breath. "Goodness knows why she did that. She's in custody with the police, now."
SHERLOCK:
John eyes the couple mutinously, now giggling, heads bent over a phone screen. He doesn’t realize how tightly he’s gripping the lights until one of the tiny bulbs creak ominously. John blinks, and loosening his hold on them, climbs down the ladder, leaving the tree a curious mix of meticulously laid out tinsel and ornaments, and a disastrous tangle of electric lights trailing forlornly down from the top.
“Oh, w – well, I’m bloody
John shakes his head. "Knocked him out.
to glance up. Otherwise he'd be stuck conversing with the dip between the pale collarbones jutting out from the vee of Sherlock's worn pajama top.)
Sherlock rolls his eyes, reaching an arm out anyway, because it’s John and he can never say no to John. “Fine.”
“Let’s go,” he said, as soon as the food had been transferred into a plastic container. He pushed his chair back and stood, then immediately swayed.
, I -" Sherlock wrests himself into a standing position, crowding John's personal space as he pries John's hand (gently) away from his neck. "
the cogs turning in his brain, as John opens his mouth to begin verbally backpedaling his way out of the situation.
They shake, and Sherlock hungrily devours the moment, the last chance he’ll ever have to feel John’s touch, to lay eyes on John. (He catalogues the callouses on John’s hands from his days in Afghanistan, the firm assuredness of his grip, and files everything away in the foyer of his Mind Palace, determined to sear it all into his memory, his hard drive.)
,” Holmes gasps, when they finally break apart. One of his hands has made their way into Watson’s hair; the other around the back of his neck. “
up his –”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John murmured, scrolling down the myriad ways the blog advised its readers to confess. They were all terrible and clearly aimed at a readership of approximately 13-16 year old girls.
He's short, shorter than John even (unless his muddied mind's playing tricks on him), and in a tailored suit (D&G) and ridiculously round glasses. Sherlock makes a mental note to switch all his own suits to Armani.
The plan is executed and timed perfectly, and as Sherlock lies on the red-stained concrete, motionless and pulse-less, he realizes this may have been a terrible idea.
John remains standing, refusing to give. It looks as if it’s taking John all the willpower he has not to punch Sherlock in the face.
–” And with that he surges up so his lips meet John’s, who immediately groans and threads a hand through Sherlock’s hair, returning the kiss with such enthusiasm and fervour Sherlock wonders how he could
He struggled to his feet and hobbled (he had a twisted ankle) to the cell door. The guard led him down the hallway of the precinct to what was presumably his office. He was pointed towards the lone chair in front of the wooden desk, after which the guard swiveled a computer screen round so it faced Sherlock.
. You’re looking at the work of a copycat killer. Obviously.”
“Yes, I believe so.” He pushed John’s unopened menu pointedly towards him. “But you know Angelo. Always so happy clappy and trying to inflict it on the rest of the world.”
SHERLOCK:
"Go to your mind palace," John says, and winces; he can feel the beginnings of a headache coming along. "You're not going to your bloody mind palace. It was a good case, I know you gave it a 7, but -"
?” John said weakly. He sounded like he was either about to punch Sherlock or snog the breath out of him. (Sherlock knew which option he preferred.)
, exactly?" John says, "What's the worst that could've happened, hm? I could've stopped you getting on that plane, I could've gotten on it
John’s answering smile somehow made the cold he got the next day worth it.
“No, no it’s not.” John surprises himself by saying this rather loudly (the cabbie glances back at him in the rearview mirror). “You – you invite me over, you don’t even stop to say how d’you do and you just – rush me out the door and now you’re dragging me halfway across the city to keep some prior engagement
“This is – good, John,” Sherlock murmurs now, locking half-lidded eyes on John’s as he dips his head lower, lips parting, and John is suddenly painfully aware of the fact that the counter is a thing that exists and is standing between him and what could very well be the shag of his
“Ta,” John says, as Sherlock sets one down by his elbow.
“I think it could work,” Sherlock says gamely. He unclasps his hands, and hopes John doesn’t notice the minute tremours as he extends his right hand to John.
Exhibit C (right now):
It’s John’s turn to laugh brokenly this time. “Don’t you know? Haven’t you realized, Sherlock, haven’t you
Lestrade glances round, startled. “Ye-es?”
At that, Sherlock glances up in a manner that can only accurately be described as
“Yes,” he says, making it almost a question. He clears his throat, shifts awkwardly on his feet. A stray coffee beans skitters from his apron pocket to the floor. “Anything I can help you with?”
John glances at his watch, then up at the sleek brass knocker with ‘221’ stamped in neat gold lettering above it. He squares his shoulders, raises a hand to knock, and pauses, struck by a sudden swooping feeling in his stomach that has absolutely nothing to do with the cold. Is he too early? Too eager, perhaps?
?” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. His faced was flushed; surely Mycroft could see it. “It won’t happen again.”
“What?” Sherlock says, unsteepling his fingers and looking peeved.
“Fanks,” John said again, his voice now muffled by the woollen material. Sherlock watched as he pulled it higher to cover his nose.
“Right, I’ll be heading to the practice now,” John says to the Sherlock-shaped lump on the sofa.
“Thank you,” Sherlock murmurs, and John watches as Molly blushes (blushes!) before going back to the sink, where she starts loading up the dishwasher.
“Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock,” Mycroft murmurs, placing a reassuring hand on his brother’s shoulder, “Better you learn this lesson now than later, brother mine. Trust me.”
Sherlock frowns. “I would have thought that rather obvious, John.”
Sherlock flaps a hand impatiently. “Yes, the case. Do keep up, John. The one you overheard the other week, when you were pretending to load the coffee grinder. Michaels is our guy, and I do think tonight will be our chance to catch him in flagrante.”
he could write sonnets about the curve of John's lips, the seamlessness with which they mold against his own.
He’s barely reached for the kettle before Sherlock’s leaping up and out of chair again, hovering awkwardly between John and the kettle.
The jar almost slips from John’s hand. He sets it gingerly back down in the display window, and acts nonchalant. He folds his arms, rolls his shoulders back. “Who?”
“Irene Adder is in play.” Jim snarled suddenly.
“Next, time Sherlock. I don’t think Sebastian will forget his gun. It’s been a pleasure chatting with you as always.” Jim said, pulling a distant door open. It closed with a rather loud bang.
He settled on acceptance. This man saved him. Saved what was left of him and wanted to take him away. He sank to his knees unable to stand any more. Tired and broken, Sebastian could only bow his head as he gasped for breath. He shook as he lifted his head to meet those cold eyes...ones of his saviour.
More shouts for a medic…They were taking too much fire…it was becoming too much…John couldn’t keep up. He was patching and moving onto the next man, having dragged them to a safer spot. John couldn’t leave the field…there were just too many that needed him.
“S-Sherlock...look at me.”John pleaded with him, feeling something hot and warm coil inside of him. The detective snapped his stormy eyes up at John. The doctor almost came with the look Sherlock had. Eyes wide, pupils bleeding into the storm that was the color of Sherlock's eyes. His mouth was slack, his cheeks flushed red.
“John.” Sherlock rumbled softly at him, reaching out a hand.
John nodded, looking at the clock. 10 AM. “...Glad I don't have work.”He muttered, standing up, stretching a bit. His body was sore from sleeping in his chair all night, and frankly he wanted tea and a shower.
Sebastian snorted. “They ‘ome in the damn tent…dogs won’t go near ‘em. Bite too much.”
“Aren't you just precious?” The cold man said with a soft purr. “Poor you...Now...I'm giving you a choice.”He said, stepping closer to Sebastian. “Me, or the guns out there, beyond these...muddy walls.” The man sneered at the shack around him.
“If I could catch you like this, what makes you think others won’t?” The man above him asked.
Suddenly as if the sun willed itself into existence, spilling itself over the damp streets, soggy sidewalks, and the deep green brush that lined the walkways. It caught John off guard, causing him to turn his head slightly as the sun hit his face. He squinted upwards towards the sky, in mild annoyance, but it gave way to a nice warm smile.
Sebastian reached up and ran a thumb over his lip, brushing over an old scar. John followed the thumb with his eyes, before looking up at Sebastian’s eyes. A warm heat lingered behind those eyes. John was flattered…if he had felt differently…
John sighed rubbing his face. “It’s a rather big step for you. Entering into a real relationship.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to the door as it scrapped over the concrete floor, squealing and groaning loudly as it was opened and shut. The tall blond man was back. Sherlock squinted at the man as he dragged a chair over to sit in front of John, the metal legs scraping loudly before coming to a rest. The blond man sat down, folding a leg over the other, and pulled out a smoke. He observed John as he lit the cigarette, inhaling a long drag before blowing it out. His shoulders relaxed as he settled into his chair, taking in John’s features.
Bombs rained down, causing a spray of dirt and sand to hit John's face sharply, forcing him to duck behind the now broken wall. His armour weighed him down, almost holding him down. He turned, shifting his body. John gasped as he touched his shoulder. He pulled his hand away from the wet spot and saw blood on his finger tips.
Sherlock huffed and grumped at John a bit, unable to figure out the reason behind the cakes. John paid the cabbie, pushing Sherlock towards the door. He unlocked it, hanging up his coat and took the box from Sherlock to put it in the fridge. John shuffled some eyes in a bowl about, squinting at the new set of ears they seemed to have acquired, before placing the cakes in gently. He put the Italian away, then started the tea, listening to Sherlock shuffle about, before settling in his chair.
If felt like being wound up again…like a toy. The senses came back slowly to Sherlock as he felt himself emerging from the void that had engulfed him. The seagulls of Baker Street screamed from the building across the street, the smell of tea, resin, and the odd chemical penetrated his sense of smell, then the warmth of the sun’s rays contrasted against the cool shadows of his room on his skin. Sherlock opened his eyes slowly, feeling his mind wake up and narrowly focused on one thing.
“See…I keep my duckies in line and my best ducky needed to draw out my tail.” Came the cold Irish lilt from behind Sebastian.
“Do you want to see a show?” Jim breathed into his ear. “Because I think you’d like this one…you’ll be utterly FASCINATED!” Jim barked the last word at him, causing Sherlock to hiss in pain, eye closing.
“Sherlock...Only when you're ready.”John said, sipping his tea, enjoying the mellow taste. “I think you're brilliant, but you need to take this at your pace...not mine.”
Sherlock tilted his head in consideration. “It is important, just seeing it in a new light. It just took me awhile to puzzle it together.”
Back on track now.
Sherlock paused as another text came through.
Sherlock missed the hard cold look on John’s face. The doctor had been replaced by the Captain. No compassion would be found.
What Sherlock didn’t expect was anguish to follow the look of the deadly soldier. The sight of Sebastian caused John physical pain…
Neat little ending for you? Maybe a bit...maybe. Anyways. Thank you again. If its your birthday, happy birthday.
“TAKING FIRE!” A scream came suddenly, and the world around John lurched violently to the war. A broken town full of unseen faces, pinning John down.
“Can we go home now, Captain?” Sebastian's eyes were scared, bright. “Yah promised we could go home...”
“…James?” Sebastian questions as he saw Jim’s twin standing before him.
Sherlock nodded, going to get the bin, frowning a bit. He helped sweep the glass into a bag, handing it to John to take out. He stared at the Doctor's retreating back, glancing to John's computer.
“…Sofa. Or…” Sherlock paused. “The bedroom with you.”
“I’m guessing that Mycroft sent you.” Jim said, watching for any reaction. He smirked softly as the eyes widen in the man.  “Good.”
The light spilled over John’s right shoulder, splashing down his chest and over the right side of his face. His hair looked so much lighter and softer like this. His face was tilted to one side, resting upon his left shoulder. Sherlock frowned, taking in John’s face. It looked far older, worn, troubled even. A look Sherlock didn’t care for in the slightest.
(See the end of the chapter for
They went up to the second floor to Number 2H, Jim knocked on the door. It swung unceremoniously open. Jim nodded Sebastian inside, causing the soldier to pause, his heart racing wildly. Jim rarely let him in first. Sebastian heads in, glancing to Jim before pausing a few feet in.
A long heavy sigh escaped John as he slowly relaxed against Sherlock, tilting his head back to  rest against the crook of his neck. A comfortable silence settled between them as the teabag sat on the table waiting. After a while, John pulled away, kissing Sherlock's chin lightly, returning to make his tea. John and Sherlock's relationship had started a few days before the incident at the pool. John found he was more at ease with himself when he was being honest about what he liked. He may not like men, but he  likes Sherlock...he was different, exciting, a mad man, and everything John needed to stay grounded to the Earth. Dangerous, yes...but...nothing John couldn't handle. His friends had accused him of being addicted to danger. Well...they weren't wrong.
There was a long pause from John, before he set his tea down, squinting at Sherlock. “And you…?” He ventured.
“Of course not. She’ll have your room.” Sherlock nodded, sipping his tea casually.
“Nothing...” Jim whispered in his ear, his breath curling around Sebastian's ear. “You sit this one out. Daddy's gotta play.”He nipped at his ear lobe, then pulled away, leaving Sebastian cold.
“John.”
John slipped his hands into his pockets, a bit more awake, squaring his shoulders as he walked quietly beside Sherlock. It was comfortable, easy, and familiar. The quite moment that Sherlock enjoyed with his constant companion. Sherlock paused, watching John venture a few feet in front of him, before stopping and turning back to Sherlock, curiosity and interest crossing John’s face. The sun vanished rather quickly behind the clouds, taking away the brilliance of the quite London Street.
John blinked, coming back to reality. “Spiders? The camel spiders? No…well…maybe.” John shrugged. “Shouldn’t mess with them, now should you?”His fingers scraped over the two day old beard that had been growing. He would need to shave soon...when he had time.
John smiled as he traced over the moles on Sherlock's side. He would have to watch one of them...His addled doctor mind reached up to warn him about the mole, before John quietly pushed it to one side.  John nudged Sherlock to his side, running a hand  along his backside. He kissed him again, stroking over the pale firm ass that Sherlock had. He smiled a bit, having had admired that ass in those neat little pants he always wore.  Sherlock grunted softly curling up slightly, closing his eyes as he let John explore him. The doctor smiled softly, tugged the pants away from Sherlock's body, tossing them to the floor. Healthy...Half erect...John smiled.
Tesco Express
The distant sound of POP! POP! POP! Came from the east. Enemy was engaging one of their groups…John felt antsy, needing to get to them. They could be hurt…he needed to get there. He shouted orders and lead an Alpha group in. First in to provide covering fire.
That was something.
Sebastian set the bag in the back, then slid into the seat across from Jim, glancing to his left. He smiled softly as the man to Jim's left leaned forward and kissed Sebastian soundly.
John was trying to wiggle himself free, but didn’t seem to be getting anywhere. He looked over to see Sherlock, giving him a pained look, tilting his head to rest against the crook of his arm.
Sherlock bit his lip, looking away. He doubted his own words. “Mycroft didn’t know.”
Sherlock had finished talking about his experimental sex, allowing John to clear his throat to speak.
Sebastian hissed, gasping as another hand brushed over his now sensitive nipple. “Hn…Jim…James…As much as I like you games…shouldn’t you get ready?” Sebastian said gently. “Irene’s on the move and she could-oh!”
John’s body jerked forward as his eyes widened in pain. It bloomed cruelly from his shoulder as shock took over quickly and abruptly. John fell in the sand beside Sebastian, cursing loudly.
“The room is damp downstairs, I’m not taking it.” John huffed softly.
Sherlock pressed in, gasping softly as his hips joined Johns, shivering above him. John moaned softly, squirming to get comfortable, whimpering at the detective above him. A shaky hand found his before those bony hips pulled back and rolled forward again. John's body jerked upwards as his brow knitted together slightly.
“I’m fine…I should get ready for work.” John grunted, laying back down and curled up against Sherlock’s side.
“Hey…”John smiled softly as he opened his eyes, hazy with sleep.
“His wounds contain burn marks, scrapes, and some deep bruising. Sebastian or…who ever, wasn’t kind to his old captain, it seems.” Mycroft murmured. “And no…I didn’t know we had failed him so hard. Most thought Sebastian Moran was dead…and by most accounts he should be. From what I gather, Moriarty found him by accident.”
Sebastian shook as he stared at the ground. Someone had to be looking for him...all he could hope for with a bum leg...
“Se…Moran is still there!” John yelled, struggling to get up as the medics grabbed him.
“…Sherlock. Why would you want to do that? You don’t have relationships.” John pointed out gently.
The sniper had headed out to a job Jim wanted him to do, simple. Put a vest on the person  in the  shower room and wait up in the rafters. Sebastian walked quietly over the pool tiles, hosting his explosive vest under his arm. He pulled the curtain aside and froze. His hardened eyes flickered with light.
“…I keep seeing him.” John coughed, rubbing his eyes. “Moriarty’s visit…just…it…I see Sebastian.” He sighed, hunching forward as Sherlock’s long fingers rubbed his back.
“Go on...He's waking up.”Jim's eyes flickered to John as a soft groan rose from him.
John blushed more as he smiled. “Your doctor...”He chuckled softly. “I like that. Just yours.”
“Cover me!”He yelled to Sebastian as he seemed to materialize beside him. The sniper nodded, laying down cover fire as Captain Watson picked Jones up and dragged him out of line of fire.
The air was cold, sweet even. The light was blinding and the trees swayed above John. Soft pink flowers scented the air as he walked. The stress of the day seemed to melt away the further he walked in the park. Hills with lush green grass rippled as the wind teased over them with wild abandon. The valley sunk lower, winding behind old crooked trees with branches too heavy to support themselves, lay resting on the ground. The pebbled path beneath John's boots crunched softly as he took tender steps so as to not disturb the peace around him. A pond for the ducks and other wild life rested nestled under a large oak to his right. John paused, frowning as he stared at the pebbled path beneath him, then looked to the brick wall with an iron gate. When did that get there?
“The gun.”Sebastian handed John's gun to Moriarty before stepping back. Sebastian looked to John and left, heading up to his perch, gun at the ready. Just needed one...the rest were laser pointers. He  waited.
John waited until the other soldiers left before leaning back in his seat, regarding Sebastian for a while. “We’ve been here for a while. You and I the longest, I think.”John nodded.
“You should meet my brother.” Sebastian said. “Ponce git…You’d think we didn’t grow up together…Fancy, smart…right arse.” Sebastian cracked a smiled as he closed his eyes, folding his arms across his chest. “You’d hate ‘im.”
John looked up at Sherlock, taking in his uncertainty, his curious gaze, the calculating thoughts in that brilliant head. He smiled a little and reached up to cup those wonderful cheeks. “Its okay.”
John smiled softly as Sherlock stood from the bed. John closed his eyes,  shivering as the cooling air around him brushed over his body. He jumped as a cool cloth touched his skin. “Ahn?”He opened his eyes abruptly, looking to Sherlock and relaxed. “...Thanks.”He said softly.
They sat in a comfortable silence for a while, John finishing his tea, Sebastian relaxing in his down time. It was nice while it lasted.
The Detective nodded a little, hands clasped behind his back keeping pace with John. Their quite pace was broken by the occasional sound of a car, or bird flitting by. Few people on this street…a bit posh for the normal crowd. The Good Doctor turned down a side street, heading towards a small Italian market, peering at some of the food. He bought some things for dinner, paying for it, before heading towards an even smaller tea shop. John tugged Sherlock in and pointed to a small dark chocolate cake, flaked with gold. Sherlock blinked, focusing on the cake. John’s favourite. The bitter chocolate went well with the hazelnut filling in the middle, and John rarely indulged in such a treat.
John turned the kettle on, watching it with tired  eyes. The wrinkles around them seemed to grow longer with each passing moment. He ran a hand over his face, puckering his lips a little. John jumped again, blinking as he was turned around, finding a set of warm thin lips grazing over his. “Oh..”John breathed, startled.
The wet slapping of flesh on flesh spurred Sebastian on. He gripped Jim’s hips tighter, hunching over him as he shoved his body relentlessly into the man beneath him. James was watching off to one side, a whiskey glass grasped between his fingers, his dark eyes smouldering as they raked over Sebastian’s body.  Jim’s sharp gasp drew his eyes away for a moment, before he focused back on Sebastian’s well-built form. A hard smile crossed his thin lips as he drew the glass up and took a sip of whiskey. Sebastian leaned over to press his mouth over Jim’s shoulder, but stopped himself from biting down. No marks…that was the rule. Not on Jim or James…No marks…Sebastian growled, pulling back slightly, settling for resting his head between Jim’s shoulder blades. He moaned softly, rutting his hips into Jim’s nice round ass. He reached down to stroke over Jim’s dick, rolling it lightly between his fingers. The flesh was smooth, and even had a nice little knot in it. It was something Sebastian relished when they fucked…Jim’s dick knot and the pleasure that followed him spilling himself into Jim, knowing he conquered one of the wild Irish Twins.  Sebastian came back to focus as he heard Jim yelp and give a long moan of pleasure. Sebastian smiled, feeling a bit dazed as he moved his hand from Jim's dick to run it along Jim’s chest, teasing his thumb over his nipple.  Another moan escaped Jim as he rocked his hips back against Sebastian’s, grinding himself over the soldier’s toned thighs.
With a very controlled inhale, John closed the book and stood up.  “Cheers for that” he said, dropping the book on his vacated chair. “I’m going for a walk now” and then he left, leaving Sherlock alone to sort out how he could possibly get out of this mess, without revealing that a) he had lied and b) revealing his true
“For Fucks sake” he cried, his donut dropping to the floor.  “Will you two get a fucking room.”
“I am not one of your employees, Gavin” he replied, bored and pulling out his phone again.
“When was the last time you ate?” he asked as he watched Sherlock shovel his mouth full again.
Greg positioned his torch to where he heard the moan and almost missed the huddled heap of miserable as the beam swept across the floor of the musty warehouse.
It was this thinking that had Sherlock blurt out the first thing, the thing that had got him making plans for Halloween in the first place, that came to mind.
, the murderer wore odd shoes, which indicates either a level of such incompetence, that he couldn’t even get himself dressed properly, or a deformity of one of his feet that requires a special shoe or foot or leg brace.  Keeping in consideration he has committed four almost perfect murders, I’m going to go with the latter, wouldn’t you agree?”
The arguing on this topic went back and forth a few more times before both men conceded that both were tired and that words weren’t communicated properly (which then sparked an argument with John saying Sherlock wasn’t speaking clearly and Sherlock stating that John wasn’t listening properly).
Watson is bathed and again put to bed in the living room.  It is the coolest room in the house and she sleeps through better.
I can't help it.  It was not at all what I expected to happen and I laugh.  Loudly.
Thank you to all who have been following this fic. Your kudos and comments have been encouraging.  Apologies that this next chapter has taken so long but my computer died. It was reported back to me yesterday that it is going to take longer than expected to fix, so I am having to do all of the rest on my phone. Apologies for any typos or formatting errors and a big Kudos to those who do all of their typing on their phone. I didn’t realise just how much it sucked until I had to do it.
Still utterly bewildered Greg nodded his head and then quickly said “No, no.  Not an emergency. Just hadn’t heard from him in a few weeks.  Wanted to make sure everything was all good.”
“I’m not one of his employees either.”
“Me? What for?” Greg asked, completely surprised.
It was worded as a question but Greg somehow felt that this man already knew the answer.  Hell, there probably wasn’t a question out there that he didn’t know the answer to.
“And nicotine patches.”
“You brought Sherlock into A&E high off his tits and with a broken wrist.”
Sherlock was going to have to rectify this, and soon.  But at the moment he had other things to worry about.
Together.
"Afternoon" John says, standing there in shorts and a t-shirt and a smile and it is then that I realise that he doesn't sound at all concerned about my well-being.  I hadn't even done my hair before I arrived.  That should be a perfect indicator that something is clearly not wrong.  He should have his concerned doctors voice on now, not his smarmy
“Oh, bloody ... tell me he’s not…”
What surprised him even more was the way that Mycroft was instantly taken with Darcy, Greg’s great dane.
“Sherlock?” came a tinny voice from the speakers of the laptop and Greg realised that Sherlock was video chatting with someone.
"The right side is yours" he tells me as he leaves the bedroom.  It is an odd thing to say, but maybe he is just touchy about someone leaving and unfamiliar indent in his side of the mattress.  I call out a goodnight, turn off the light and make my way to the bed, thinking I should have put the lamp on first.  Oh well.  Too late for it now.  Before I slip under the sheets, I strip off, dumping my clothes on the floor.
“Not a favourite of yours, then?” Sherlock asked.
John laughed, and despite it being the most wonderful sound it wasn’t helping Sherlocks mood at overlooking a very important part of the wedding planning.
Greg smiled at the old woman, and if she noticed it was strained, she didn’t let on.
“Be there in two, gov” came the crackled reply.
“Yeah, it’s good to see you too, Sherlock” Greg replied, ignoring the mans irritation.  After all, Greg wasn’t actually here because he wanted to be here.  He had, in actual fact, gone out of his way, not that Sherlock would ever acknowledge that.
It's not a question, which makes me happy.  It proves that Johns brain hasn't completely melted in this heat, which hasn't abated, despite the sun disappearing several hours ago.
"It was too amusing listening to you, what was it? '
I don't know why John is so shocked.  It isn't like he hasn't seen any of this before.  He has patched me up on multiple occasions and on several parts of my body.  He is a doctor and was a soldier for crying out loud.  Nudity should in no way garner the reaction he is having at this very moment.
I am going to die.  I am going to slowly come undone and melt into a puddle and soak right into this mattress and no one will ever realise what became of Sherlock Holmes because there will be nothing left of me except for an odd stain in the mattress and people are far too stupid to realise that it is all that remains of me.
Sherlock shrugged and stepped over to the body and crouched down, holding out a hand.  On cue, a random tech put some gloves in it and he started examining the corpse.
Is what okay?  The fact that I am in his bed?  The fact that he is fine with the fact that I have no pants on?  The fact that we are cuddling (well, he is cuddling me.  I am laying here like a stiff plank of wood, but shock will do that to a man) ?  The fact that he hasn't kicked me out of his bed yet?  Well, yes.  It is all fine.  It is all perfectly fine.  Therefore, there is only one thing to say.
After two more episodes, John figured BBC were running a marathon and figured one more episode wouldn’t hurt.
“Greg!” Greg cried.  Four and a half years and you’d think the
Greg was still trying to get over the fact that Sherlock had agreed to come to the pub with them.
“Now that it has been established that we want to marry each other and that this is, in fact, our wedding, can we get back to the actual wedding part of it all?”
We all knew it was coming!
“Again, says the man who threw the entire deck out of the window.”
John stopped tickling Watsons oddly socked feet.  “I don’t think I want to know what that means.”
“Utterly absurd” Sherlock agreed.
“You messed up my sock index.”
Maybe he is still asleep.  Maybe he thinks this too is some bizarre dream and is just going with it. I don't answer him.  I don't move.  I take a slow, deep breath.
Sherlock left the piece on a plate for John, sitting on the table.  Watson had already devoured one and a half pieces and was eyeing off the one he had left for John.
“I’ll make sure he gets it” the doctor said with a smile and then turned and took himself out of the waiting room.
Greg put the cigarette in his mouth and lit it.  One day he would stop smoking for good, but that would have to wait until Sherlock stopped being an utter pain in the arse.
~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~
“Right.  So, stir-fry or risotto for tea?”  Clearly, John didn’t want to discuss this.  Weather it was the topic of music, boy bands or Cosmo, Sherlock wasn’t sure.
Lock-ins are a perfectly good excuse for a spring clean.
Sherlock threw a glare in his direction.  His stuff was not
Greg was just about to pull on a blue suit when he heard Donovan practically yelling outside.
“Sure thing” Greg said, not sure what else to say and then turned around and left, making sure the door was firmly shut behind him.
“Sorry about h…”
"Good thinking, John."
There is a brief second of nothing and then the bed is bumping about as John rolls to face me.
He left to the sound of John saying “Yes, Lestrade” and Sherlock calling out “I wouldn’t hold your breath.”
Sherlock shrugged and swallowed the mouthful he had.  “Stop cooking and I’ll stop eating” he said and piled the last of the stir-fry into his mouth.
“Alright, sir” Donovan interjected, taking a step towards the man, hand reaching for cuffs.  “You need to come down to the station…”
“Yes, your utterly mad man.  Now, should we go?”
I backtrack out of the room and make my way to their little bathroom.  There I find the toothbrush and brush my teeth.  I use the toilet, but not before turning the rubber ducky around so it isn't watching me with it's pervy little grin and then wash up before heading back to the bedroom.  When I get there, John has changed into boxer shorts and a t-shirt.
Greg didn’t wait for them to continue, he quickly backed out of the room, letting the doors swing shut behind him.
'What are you doing?" I demand as John also slides between the nice cool sheets.
John just chuckled and agreed and together they made their way towards the house, where Sherlock holmes was waiting for his husband.
"The kitchen's not as cool, but at least we can talk there" John says leading the way into the next room.  I am reluctant to leave this room.  It is Heaven, yet another imaginary place, but this is one I am happy to visit.  The thought of anywhere warmer than this room is not a pleasant thought.
Tonight he had let out a pitiful sigh and said.  “Sure.  It’s not like I have anything better to do.”
“I know, but you were going to ask if I was planning  to go to my brothers halloween ball and the answer, which should be obvious, is no.”  Sherlock still didn’t move from his supine position on the couch. He did open his eyes though.
“I did try to warn you” Molly said quietly.
I am confused.  John clearly offered up his bed to me, leaving him the couch.  I tell him so.
An hour and ten minutes later a doctor came out to the waiting room and headed straight for Greg.
I can't help the hushed chuckle and despite the dark, John still manages to smack me across the back of the head.
“Don’t.”
"WEDNESDAY!" I yell.  I wish I hadn't.  It makes me hotter.  "Well, call another company" I demand.
“Anyway” the doctor said, leaning back into his own space.  “He will be fine, Sherlock.  He has a broken wrist multiple bruises and is coming down off of a pretty impressive high, but with some help” Greg heard ‘
Before long, it gets late and John stands up and stretches.  I ignore the patch of skin that becomes visible between his t-shirt and shorts.  "I don't know about you, but I'm knackered" he announces.  "I suppose you're here for the night."
Neither Sherlock nor John are impressed.
“Of course we do. We’re not common thieves, thank you very much.”
“Do you know anything about it?” he asked as he was indeed here about the body, found in the top floor of the warehouse.
After walking for an hour or so with Mycroft, Greg decided that since it was dark and there was practically no one around, he would let Darcy off of her leash.  As it turns out, it wasn’t his best idea.  As soon as the stupid mut got a whiff of squirrel, she was off, Greg chasing after her, calling her back.
“It is.”
John just laughs.  I lean back and look through the archway to the living room.  John has a two seater lounge couch.  There is no way even I could sleep on that comfortably.  "I shall sleep in the nursery."  Johns laugh turns into a groan.
From the other end of the flat he heard some mumbling and Greg rolled his eyes.  Yes, god forbid His Highness be interrupted.
John walked away, grumbling about how Sherlock had dragged him over there.
I turn my nose up at him for using my words of much needed help against me.  "And you call yourself my friend.  Next time, I will go to Gavin's and you shan't know if I am alive or dead because I will tell him not to tell you."
“The case?”
But just what precisely Sherlock has been so, John never finds out, because at that moment the door to what must be the first floor apartment flies open and Sherlock barges onto the landing, cheeks flushed, a blue silk dressing gown slipping off one shoulder as he brandishes a laptop in his hands. For a split second John’s mind wanders, and he thinks of all the possible scenarios that could have culminated in a sweaty, flushed Sherlock, before he’s brought back to the present by the man himself, and the whirlwind of activity that appears to orbit him.
P.S. I did make you a promise re: this fic. And promises were made to be kept.
” Moriarty groans, and the camera pans out to include his exasperated face. Holmes and Watson ignore his comment, too distracted as they are by the presence of the other’s tongue in their mouths.
“Dinner?” was what John eventually settled on, a shy smile curling the edges of his lips as he glanced up at Sherlock.
“Alone is what I have,” he says, and the arrow lodges deeper still, until every beat of his heart is a pulse of pain as he looks into John’s disappointed eyes, “Alone protects me.”
“The bomb!” John exclaims, startled and wide-eyed, and Sherlock laughs hysterically, the relief that John’s not already regretting the kiss making him giddy, light-headed. (It feels oddly like a high, except much more potent and much less damaging. Also not illegal.)
