“Well, I don’t know about ‘do art’ but I actually had plans to go to art school before the war broke out.  I still dabble a bit.  Just maybe give your designers something to go by?” Steve tried, knowing he probably sounded ridiculous, but somehow it was important that he draw Tony not some random person in SI’s graphic design department who had probably never met Tony and certainly had never seen him piggyback a missile through a portal in space.  Hard to impart that level of knowledge based on Google image searches.  And Steve was frankly somewhat dismayed to think what those might produce anyway.
Howard’s Lakehouse, 1985.
Tony looked at Steve, then dropped his eyes, watching the motes dance in the car headlights, round and round, tripping over air currents that he couldn’t even feel.
“Try to, I don’t know, like…think about it again,” Bruce suggested.  “Where were you, right before you were here?” he asked, glancing at Tony.
Even like this, Steve was probably stronger than he was, but the motion and whatever Tony was babbling about seemed to be enough to calm Steve down.  He was caught between some wild desire to laugh like a maniac and simply break down and sit on the floor in a heap, so did neither, just kept his hands wrapped around Steve’s, repeating some version of assurances over and over.
“Oh, great.  Thanks. That’s wonderful. I’m an angry rat.  You speak my tongue? Can you tell him something for me?” Tony asked beligerently.
*waves*
“Uh, delivery for Mr. Stark, ah, Mr. Stark-Rogers,” the young man corrected quickly, spying Tony.
“They have someone watch you while you pee in a cup. At the pain doc,” Steve replied, still looking at his own reflection and steadfastly not looking at Tony.
“God, Tony, you’re so good for me.  Look at you.  Gorgeous,” Steve husked out, a raspy, scraping voice laced with pleasure as he slowly thrust his thumb in and out of Tony’s mouth.
The dance floor wasn’t particularly crowded at the moment, and the few couples parted for Steve and Tony as they approached.  With a surprising amount of grace for a man his size, Steve swept Tony into his arms and twirled him around, earning a low chuckle from Tony and an approving round of light applause from the guests around them.  They slowed, Tony settling into Steve’s arms, and swayed to the music.
“He’s too busy breaking and entering to play in the snow,” Howard said.
“And two for Jane,” Tony repeated with a sigh, watching Pepper mouth ‘where?’ while she upended the bag of chips into a bowl on his counter.   “How many for Steve’s dream team out there?” Tony asked, peering out the door into the hallway where a collection of chairs had somehow materialized.  “I can’t believe I’m feeding Steve’s divorce lawyers.”
“Your scintillating company, of course,” Tony replied.  “Nothing about that, by the way,” Tony said, nodding at the flowers in Bruce’s outstretched hand, “suggests that I am in any way incorrect in my characterization of this outing.  Not that I am complaining, mind you. Steve enjoys the fresh air and is under the mistaken impression that it is good for me, as well. Plus, if I had to listen to Ellis drone on about his horses again, I might entertain the idea of a public execution.  Of Ellis or myself, doesn’t matter. I’ve already lost poor Cam to the madness. Can’t get him out of the stables, though he is too afraid to ride. I’ll have to have Happy find him a gentle mare when we get back, get him some lessons. Anyway, Bruce, since your interest is in healing properties, you should study Steve. I told you about his, ah, special abilities, shall we say, and you had little in the way of useful information for me.”
“Careful,” Tony warned lightly, “or we’ll never make it out of bed.”  Steve could hear the smile in his voice. The ease. The carefree joy. It reverberated through him, like an echo, and Steve found himself smiling in return, though Tony couldn’t see it.
"You should know that when he isn't a blissed-out lunatic, he's actually quite the genius," Pepper said with a smile.
like I thought you would be.”
The horror wasn’t realizing who Brock really was.  For Steve, the worst of it was realizing how long it took him to see it.  How easy it had been to believe the lies that did little more than recycle what his own head would sometimes tell him.  That was the thing that stung the most, the thing that filled him with a nearly paralyzing shame.
“Fine, fine, I get ya, keep your panties on, princess.  God, you’re jumpy today,” Brock cut in, too loudly, frowning at Steve with narrowed eyes.  Steve suddenly felt too seen, as if a giant spotlight was pointed at him because he had been caught doing something wrong, though he couldn’t figure out
Steve nodded. He’d seen the coins before.  Tony’s image was stamped onto the other side.
Steve didn’t answer, but the set of his shoulders relaxed a little, and the little tick of muscle in his jaw stopped pulsing, so Tony counted it as a win.
Tony, didn’t belong in any of their heads. He couldn’t stop that, not really, he knew, but he could stop them from talking about Tony, and that was something.  That was something he could do.  Maybe it wouldn’t make Tony happy, he didn’t know.  Maybe it would horrify Tony that he was doing this. That he
Steve read it again.  Then again.  Five stars, he thought and turned around again to look at where the painting rested.  I like how you painted me, Steve remembered Tony saying.  Not just, I like the painting.  I like how you painted me.
Even his voice sounded different, Steve noticed, as he had on other occasions. Gone was the ease, the humor, the self-deprecation, but also gone was the worry and uncertainty that so often seemed to plague Tony when they were alone. Kings are not permitted doubt. Steve remembered Tony telling him that once, his voice deep and raspy with exhaustion, and Steve understood that, too.  How many nights had he spent during the war wracked with doubt and recrimination only to heft the shield the next day and do it all again? It’s a burden, that, Steve thought, watching Tony tug at the hem of his jacket to straighten it. Never getting to share doubt. Steve had Bucky, and later Nat, and he supposed Tony had Rhodes, but it wasn’t the same, Steve knew, trying to share the weight of it with the people who would follow the orders you gave.
He sucked in a sharp breath that squeezed his lungs and echoed in the car with a soft gasp that he hadn’t meant to let escape.  The watch was…extraordinary.  He could see that immediately.  Not just a little, not just in the way something beautiful catches the eye, but in the way the right thing, the perfect thing, the thing you wanted but didn’t know you wanted until you saw it, is instantly recognizable.  It was the solution part of an equation falling into place after staring at the numbers until they shifted to truth.  It was the sky on a clear night from the corner of his window where he could see the universe over the hedges.  It was the smell of lemons under everything, the feel of a finely starched shirt under tweed, even on hot days, rough against his cheek.  Right.  Perfect.  Something that belonged to him in a way that the rest of the world would never be allowed to.
“’S’not,” Tony started, pushing back from Steve’s chest and wiping at his nose with the back of his hand.  “Not your fault.  I mean, God.  Definitely not your fault.  I’m the idiot who can’t just go back where I’m supposed to go, like everyone else.  I’m just…I’m glad. That you came. To find me.  That’s…just, you know, thanks. And for—for not being mad and all,” Tony rushed out, looking down and away and twisting his mouth to one side in frustration.  He didn’t know what he wanted to say to Steve, and couldn’t seem to find the right words, so he settled on the ones he did know. “Can we go home?” Tony asked in a shaky voice.
“Oh, no, you don’t have to,” Steve said quickly.  “I’m all bloody from the...from the--”
“Huh,” Tyber grunted.  He looked up at Steve. Anto didn’t dare look behind him.  “Fine. He can go. I’ll deal with you later.” Anto bowed his head.  At least Steve would be okay.
Absolutely.
“Judge says…we’ll accept that answer,” Tony said.
“So...I guess that’s that, then,” Steve said, slipping his phone ito his pocket.
” Tony squeaked out, his voice going high in disbelief.  “So that’s why he always beats me at darts.  What a dick.”
He'd been sitting there on that ugly monstrosity of a couch, lounging on Steve---because the fabric made Tony's skin itch--working on getting the fuse right and thinking about power generation and thermal fuses with self-resetting features, and the idea had just sort of burst, fully born, into his head. A bright flash of the rare complete thought, gone before he could quite grab all of it, but he'd seen it, the whole thing. And the start of it, the bit of wiring and fuse he'd been toying with, was sitting in a box in Steve's shitty apartment, a souvenir of a eureka moment that only the two of them shared.
“No idea what you mean.  I hate him already,” Tony grated out through his teeth.   Rhodey just shook his head and rubbed at his chin with one hand, trying to cover a fond smile.
https://sabrecmc.tumblr.com/post/160752074458/happy-graduation
“Oh, don’t start,” Whitney interjected.  “Word of advice, Tony, don’t listen to anything these two reprobates say.”
Tony jerked his head at the wall of weapons and armor. Steve walked over and picked the one he wanted off the hook that held it.  Round and gleaming, just longer than his forearm, it wasn’t his shield, not even close.  Too bulky, not the perfectly weighted disc he was used to, and the grip was all wrong.
Sometimes, when he didn’t have the words, Anto would tell Steve things in the Clan language, and Steve would watch him so intently, it was almost disconcerting.  Sometimes, Anto would notice that Steve had need, but he ignored it, as best he could. It stung, true, but Steve was a good man, and he couldn’t help that Anto was a big, ugly Omega who no one wanted, except Tyber, and only then because he hated Anto and knew Anto didn’t like it.  Now, though, he could just let it happen. He could close his eyes think of Steve and his words and the way he smiled. His easy acquiescence and lack of reaction seemed to enrage Tyber all the more, but Anto didn’t let it matter. Not anymore. He would leave one of these days, go to some place where people were kind, like Steve, even if he was big and ugly and slow-minded.  They would teach him more words, and maybe, he could build things like the canoes joined together that Steve said would work, as if Anto didn’t know it would work.
“I…I’m just trying to get the painting right,” Steve protested with a frown.  Was he that obvious?  Somewhere, Bucky was doubled over with laughter without knowing why.
“Yeah, well, I’ll just explain to the citizens of Gulmira that I was too busy getting handed some useless award to pay attention to where my weapons went.  I’m sure they would understand. Except, you know, for being dead,” Tony spat out.  “Kind of puts a bit of a damper on the understanding part.”
“Good Tony. Very good Tony,” Steve assured him.  Tony tossed his arm over his eyes, then dropped it to his side, lifting his hips and spreading his legs wide.  He looked down at Steve. Let out a low, rumbling moan that cut off into a high, tight, shocked gasp as Steve did something with his fingers deep inside, twisting them somehow and touching—Tony shot up, eyes wide, a silent shout on his lips, his body taut like he was one of his spears, nocked back and ready for release.
“So…ah, that’s, you know. The basics of it,” Tony mumbled, turning to look out the window as they climbed the winding road that spiraled up the side of the mountain.   “You have no idea what I just said, do you?”
“That’s because you think you should be smart enough to control things that no one can control, and blame yourself when you can’t,” Steve replied, voice tight and thick.  “I wish you wouldn’t do that to yourself.”
“The public would like the truth.  And the truth is that Tony Stark is Iron Man.  This is a picture of metal, not a superhero.  Tony Stark is a superhero.  He saved New York.  Him.  Not the suit,” Steve continued, looking at her earnestly, and now Deirdre was just staring at him with her mouth moving and no sound coming out and, to be honest, Steve knew she was about to agree with him.  People just did that.  Tony said it wasn’t at all fair.  Steve was pretty sure he was just jealous.
“So…” Steve began, glancing down at his half-finished mug of coffee again, “I guess we’re really doing this, huh?” He raised his eyes up to Brock again, a frisson of unease snaking down his spine and curdling in his stomach. “A million dollars...kinda hard to turn that down. Which I suppose is conceding his point, but...well.”
“Hmmm...” Steve hummed, because the circles were dipping lower and lower with each pass, until he felt Tony’s finger hook lightly under his shirt, just above the waist of his pants, and hike it up enough to splay his palm over Steve’s stomach.  “I seem to remember it a bit differently,” Steve teased, and was rewarded with a huff of warm breath against his navel, and Jesus, that went right to his cock.  Tony was placing light kisses down the trail of hair below, causing Steve to suck in a gasp of air he didn’t know he was missing.  Then Tony was undoing the top button on his pants and lowering the zipper, Steve lifting his hips a bit to help as Tony slid the pants off entirely.  A few more tugs and his boxers followed, freeing his cock to spring up and tap against Tony’s chin as he leaned down, scraping his beard over the length.  Steve let out a gurgled, half-formed sound as Tony licked a stripe from the base to the slit at the tip.
“Yes,” Steve nodded. “I’m not sure I am the best for it, but—”
“He meant it as a character flaw, not a compliment,” Steve retorted.
“Tony,” Steve breathed out, shaking his head as his brows drew together.
“Oh.  Okay.  I never thought of it like that,” Cam said with a jerky little nod.  He gave Steve a lopsided smile even as he wiped the back of his hand over his eyes.  “Sword would be nice, though.”
“I shouldn’t be gone too long this time,” Steve said.  Someone was shouting from under the helicopter blades. Tony squinted, then remembered the man from his visit to SHIELD.  Smaller boulder, Tony recalled.  Steve wrapped his hand around Tony’s wrist, over the watch, and gave it a light squeeze.  “Happy?” Steve called out.
“Nothing,” Natasha said, too quickly.  “Okay, some things.  Not bad things.  He’s just…he’s a lot to handle.  He’s very busy.  His life is a bit…complicated, you could say.  He just got out of a relationship a while ago--with our mutual friend, actually--and she seems to think he’s ready—”
“Okay, there is nothing wrong with my jargon,” Tony protested.  “One time. One time, Rhodes, and how was I supposed to know that wasn’t what they meant by the parts on a Hangar Queen?  You have to admit, with your history, it’s not exactly out of—”
“Not judging.  Though, I’m going to suggest you avoid the aquarium,” Steve replied flatly.
That was the first time one of these thoughts crept in.  A small crack that opened a fissure and let something in that Tony couldn’t seem to push out again.
“Of course no one is having sex on the conference table. Don’t be ridiculous. There’s not even a single pillow,” Tony observed in disgust, wondering why everyone was staring at him like that, when it was patently obvious the conference room had no pillows.
“May I suggest you try looking again,” Jarvis replied.
The restaurant was tucked between a big box sports store and a strip mall that had an office supply store, nail salon and dry cleaners, as must be required by some law.  It looked like a house someone had forgotten to tear down, with clapboard sides painted green and white under a slanted roof.  The sign proclaimed it the Cucina Romana, and boasted it had been established in 1989.  Ah.  Charming.  Just like Rome, then, Tony thought as he followed Steve up the brick steps and inside.
” Brock mimicked, pitching his voice high.  “Wah, wah, wah.  Jack was right, I shoulda cut you loose a long time ago,” Brock snarled at him.  His hands fisted in Steve’s shirtfront, twisting the fabric.  He tugged hard,  twice, then let go, pushing Steve backwards and into the kitchen table, which wobbled, then steadied.  “I want my fucking money, Steve.  You better figure this out or it’s not gonna go well for you, you hear me?  You better hear me, Rogers, because if you think I’m gonna get screwed here, you’ve got another thing comin’!  You are
“Sure. Not everyone, of course, but some people, yeah. They say it’s more common for those with high stress careers, go figure,” Tony said with a low laugh. “I’ve been a few times myself. Not for a while, but… sometimes, it helps. When nothing else does,” he continued. “You seem like a guy who might need to, ah. Experience that kind of, I don’t know, is relief the right word? Probably not. Anyway, doesn’t matter. Point is, you get to let go, and I’m betting you don’t let yourself do that very much. But, you know, safe, sane, consensual, et cetera. Just a thought. Like I said, if I misread, apologies. Shred that, and keep on with the,” he waved a hand in the air towards the punching bag, then let it fall to the back of his head where he rumpled his hair in what Steve recognized as a nervous gesture, “whatever’s working for you.”
“He’s just—I mean, money doesn’t really mean anything to him.  This is nothing to him.  He probably just felt bad,” Steve stammered.
“So, uh, you okay there?” Tony asked with more than a little trepidation.  Please have liked this, please have liked, please have liked this, he mentally chanted.
“You follow the journals?  Of course, you do.  You’re Tony Stark.  Sorry, I—wow, that’s--thank you!” Jane exclaimed.  “That’s…I mean, coming from you, that’s, wow.”
Steve nodded.  They walked out of the building into the night.  It was nearly dark already and the lamps were lit, casting golden halos on the ground across from storefronts blazing with fluorescent light and neon signs.  Steve couldn’t stop smiling down at Tony.  “What are you going to do with that?” he asked as they stepped down onto the wide sidewalk.
“Well, we have mani-pedis this afternoon, and then I thought we’d make some cosmos, maybe do something that involves Pinterest…” Tony began, wincing out a laugh when Rhodey snorted.  “Ever heard of a company called Romotive Group?”
“You don’t say,” Rhodey remarked, stepping up to knock harder on the door, as if the sound of Tony’s pounding on the door had been lost in the massive echo chamber of the apartment beyond.
I never told anyone that, she said in a hushed, careful voice.
Peggy wanted him to have this, this glimpse of Tony, whatever her reason.  Had she hoped they would be friends?  Of course, she had, Steve mentally admonished himself.  She would have wanted that for both of them, Steve and Howard’s son, though she had never pushed, even on her good days.  Tony reminds me of him, Steve remembered telling her once, just after New York when she was staying at one of those places that had rooms that looked like small apartments if you didn’t look too closely.  You knew Howard even less well than he knew you, Peggy had said then, sitting on her rose-covered loveseat with a photo album in her hands.  All the pictures had labels. Names. Dates. Places.
“Eh,” Tony shrugged.  “We should really have codenames.  You could be Eagle 1.”
This is the place for it, am I right? We deserve it, don’t you think? After this shitastic year.  All those problems you were having, not being able to keep a job, school kicking your ass and everything---jeez, when I found you, it was like whatever could go wrong, had gone wrong, and you know how much I tried to help. Even put off getting the business going to get you back on track, remember?  Come on, we deserve a bit of fun after all that.”
He should really sit up.  Struggling, he managed to get a hand underneath him and make it level with the bed before his head and stomach simultaneously informed him that was the worst idea ever thought in the history of the world.  Ouch.  God, his head hurt.  He usually handled his alcohol better, but Ty liked to drink wine and talk about tannins, so it had been a while, he supposed.  Plus, he’d largely stopped drinking while he and Steve were together, though he couldn’t quite remember why.  Not like Steve had ever been a teetotaler.  Just, well, he hadn’t really felt the need to get plastered the way he had when he was younger. Blot things out by blacking out, he always said.  Okay, not really, but that was catchy, and he totally should have said that, Tony thought with a huff of a laugh. Missed opportunity, he thought, though the words had an odd sting to them.  He groaned and buried his forehead against the carpet again.  He wished Ty would get his texts and come get him.  He really wanted to go. Or pass out.  Or throw up.  Probably some combination of all three, if he were honest.
Shivering slightly at the odd thought, Steve forced himself to try to look around and gain his bearings.  There was little to help him mark his location.  Everything was grayed out, the way snow might cover the village in the winter, painting it white, but the only white he could see was specks high above.  The rockface of the mountain sheared upwards into jagged points, disappearing into a thin layer of clouds that seemed to almost hover there.  Fog blanketed the  gorge beneath him, making it seem bottomless.  Even the sky appeared colorless. The sun, if it was up, was not visible here, hidden, he supposed by the mountains and their skirt of clouds.  He wasn’t even sure what time of day or night it was.  It could be either, he realized, rather disconcerted by the notion. The hoary sky gave away nothing of its secrets.
“No, that’s it. Um…thanks, JARVIS,” Steve said.  He grabbed his pack from beside the bed and went to put his last few items in his bag for the journey.  As he reached in, his hand stopped, hovering just above the contents of his pack.  He frowned, momentarily confused, because he knew he hadn’t put that—oh.  He huffed out a breath of air, as he pulled the long, cardboard tube from his pack.  Steve grinned and opened the tube, dumping the contents into his hand.  He carefully spread the new version of the Iron Man poster out on the bed. This one, like his drawing, had Tony with the faceplate up in the Iron Man armor, but it was clearly Tony, eyes intense and focused, staring in challenge from the center of the poster.
Somewhere in the distance, a bird called out, and Steve jumped, letting out a small yelp.  The forest world was alive again, Steve thought, then frowned at the strangeness of the thought, though it was true, he had to admit.  He could hear the rustling of leaves as the wind blew, the trilling of crickets, and all the other night noises he would have called silence just a moment ago, though he knew better now.  Had the man scared them all away somehow?  But, what kind of man could make the wind cease its howling? Or make Steve not hear it?
“Tony, so help me God, I’m going to—“ Pepper began.
And then they just…weren’t.  That was easier, Tony thought, half-dragging himself towards the nightstand.  There was a loud, crunching sound, and Tony looked up in time to see Ty bounce off the ceiling and drop face-first at Steve’s feet onto the floor by the bed. Chunks of drywall and a spray of fine, white dust followed. Above the bed, the inspirational poster rippled as it hung by one corner from the ceiling next to a large, person-sized hole.   Ty groaned and got one arm under himself like he was going to try to get up, then looked over at Tony out of the corner of his eye.  His hair was covered in white powder and a piece of the ceiling was plastered to his forehead.  Another wedge fell and landed at the top of his back.  Ty let out a shuddering breath, then his eye rolled up in his head, and he went limp with a huff.
“I think I’ve lost my way.  I live down in the valley--the little farmstead by the forest, where the road bends? I--I was, ah. Walking. Out walking.  Fresh air, you know? And I think maybe I took a wrong turn. I truly did not mean to intrude on your home, but there was...there was a light, and...” Steve trailed off, glancing away, feeling his face redden.
He couldn’t talk.  He couldn’t move. He couldn’t breathe.
Memories, Steve thought to himself, memories written in that same clear, concise script that had been on the movie reels, done when she knew what was coming and wanted to hold on to as much as she could.  Had she done this then?  Changed her will?  Had she seen something, even then, long before Steve ever even thought it, at least not consciously?
“That…sounds about right,” Steve replied in a low murmur, looking down at the folders in his lap with a frown. He opened the first one.  A blonde woman with long hair and pale skin smattered with freckles dressed in a soft, blue skirt and smocked top that bared her shoulders smiled back at him. She was standing next to a dining table set with fine china, seemingly caught in the act of arranging a vase of flowers.  Emma, her file said.  Loves to garden, cook, knit and sing, and looks forward to being able to care for a mate of her own.  She volunteers in her church’s nursery on the weekends, under appropriate supervision, of course.  Steve closed the file, and looked back up at the therapist.
Steve was on edge all day.  His mind kept replaying everything about the day before, turning it over and over again, alternatively finding support for Bucky’s theory and then, just as quickly, finding something that made the whole thing fall apart.  As seven o’clock approached, he was practically vibrating with adrenaline.  He saw Happy pull the car up from his view from the fire escape and quickly checked his appearance one last time and took a deep, steadying breath before heading downstairs.  He had to remind himself not to run to the car.
He forced his hands to leave Tony’s shoulders before he did real damage, gripping the sheets instead. For a moment, Tony’s warmth left him and the shock of the cold air was enough to snap his hips up, seeking, but then the tip of Tony’s tongue grazed the dripping head of his cock and Steve felt his whole body draw up like a bowstring, muscles bunching and tensing as if electrified, as Tony wrapped his mouth around Steve’s cock once again, engulfing him and he was pretty sure he was shouting something, groping blindly to try to warn Tony away as he came in warm spurts, drawn out by Tony’s mouth as he swallowed around Steve’s shaft.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not really dressed for flying,” Steve said, looking down.
“Ah, Mr. Stark!  We are so honored that you decided to dine with us tonight,” the Chef beamed.  Probably thinking about all the free press, Tony thought with an inward sigh.
“I would like that, too,” Tony said to the floor, relief evident in his tone, but the statement had the ring of a declaration to Steve, so that was enough.
“Well. I saw you knock yourself into the ceiling,” Steve said, tilting his head and looking skyward for a moment.
Tony shrugged, almost apologetically, and bit his lip to the side.  Steve couldn’t help following the movement. “The desk. They’re—they’re on the desk.  I cracked the safe years ago.”
It happened.  More than it should. Steve wasn’t unaware of how some Alphas treated their Omegas. He didn’t like it, of course, but he knew it happened.  The world may be a brighter place, but people hadn’t changed all that much since the forties, as it turned out.
, Tony replied, frowning.
“You’re incorrigible, you know that?” Steve muttered, though clearly biting his cheek to keep from encouraging Tony, and Tony’s mind flashed back to that time on the Quin-jet, just the two of them, when Steve had said the same thing, voice low and full of fondness because Tony had been needling him about the fondue thing.  For the first time, he remembered not just everything he’d missed, but the things he hadn’t.  He’d been happy.  So fucking happy.  Worried about Barnes and what it meant, sure, but he’d been practically shaking out of his skin with excitement at the thought of a few hours of Steve to himself because he’d missed that, even with all the sex, fabulous though that may have been.  He’d missed teasing and talking and
“That was always my stuff?” Tony parroted incredulously, halting his pacing long enough to throw his hands in the air and let them slap against his sides. “That's it? That was my stuff?”
Tony’s hands found his nipples, just grazing across the tips at first, then returning to roll the hard peaks between his fingers, pinching lightly. Steve let out an involuntary gasp and felt a rush of warmth leak out between the cheeks of his ass. He wasn’t ready yet, far too sore from the prior night, despite what his body was trying to tell him. It felt good though, the slick soothing the raw, swollen skin, and a part of him understood what Tony was doing and appreciated it, though another part was frustrated by his own body’s limits. He wanted Tony inside him again, even if he couldn’t knot, even if it hurt, but when he said as much, Tony just clucked his tongue to the roof of his mouth and shook his head.
His father never came home.  Steve expressed what he thought was the proper dismay at this happening, but something niggled in the back of his mind, dancing away every time he tried to think too hard on it.  Commonly accepted knowledge said that Joseph Rogers fell into the river and drowned on his way to the tavern down in Gulleytown, though by the time his body washed up down at the lock, it was so bloated and picked over so badly, it was hard to say what might have led to such a fate.  At least, that was what Bucky heard, and he somewhat haltingly shared this information with Steve.  Steve thought Bucky might have expected him to be sad about it, and he was, in a way, but mostly, all he felt was relief.   Bucky, at least, got to say good riddance out loud.
The computer automatically found the new hardware.  Did he want to open it?  It’s yes or no, not an existential query, he told himself and hit the open button. The three files appeared, labeled the same as they had been on the strips of masking tape that had striped across the reel itself.
“Tony, you can’t do this,” Steve protested again, turning around and taking a step towards Tony. He was looking between Tony and his neighbor like he half expected one of them to let him in on the joke.  “You---Tony, come on.  You can’t—you.  Stop it.  Come on, he’s going to believe you,” Steve said, nodding at his neighbor, who sucked a long drink from the ubiquitous Styrofoam cup in his hand, then ducked inside his apartment where, and Tony had to physically resist the urge to roll his eyes again, the sounds of bottles clinking together could be heard.
Steve’s lips brushed against his, light and soft, a warm sigh of air filling Tony’s mouth, his hand curving around Tony’s neck, thumb stroking lightly up and down in such a familiar motion that Tony’s heart faltered, his breath sticking fast in his throat.  Steve’s mouth pressing firmly against Tony’s just long enough for Tony’s mind to quit treating the idea as a decision tree and catch up, feel the promise of wet and heat and deeper, and then Steve was pulling back, stepping away and looking for all the world as abashed as Tony felt.   It was sweet, almost chaste, and over too quickly, but full of promise, and the best kiss Tony had ever had.
“How’d he take it?” Bucky asked.
“That is not the only reason,” Steve said, nudging Tony’s hand with the tips of his fingers. It was strange, perhaps, to be happy out here, heading towards something he wasn’t sure he wanted to revisit, but he was.  He had been, for awhile now, he let himself admit.  It had been almost too gradual to notice, the way the waves hollow out the hills so slowly one lifetime can barely witness it.  He didn’t know why it was so hard to acknowledge it, to allow himself to have it, except that seeing Tony happy made it easier somehow.  He smiled widely up at Tony, the dissipating pain making him feel almost euphoric.  Well, that and probably whatever it was Bruce had mixed up for him.
“Language,” Clint called out from the cockpit, then scrunched up his face.  “Sorry.  Felt it had to be said.”
“Go then.  He is in his workshop, as he always is these days,” the one called Peran said.  Steve nodded once, slowly, and the guard’s hand dropped away.  Steve gave them each a last, lingering look, then passed between them.  He wove his way through the vestibule and into Tony’s bedchamber, resolutely not looking at the bed.
Oh, God, he’s going to make me another omelett, Steve realized.
“Yeah, look, I mean, I get it.  I was pissed, too.  Last night, you know, that was super shitty what Mitchell said, and I called him out on it after you ran out,” Brock said.  “He’s real sorry about it.” Steve turned around in the small hallway and stared at Brock.  “I never thought he’d say anything, Steve, you’ve got to believe me.  I shouldn’t have told them, I know, but come on,” he grimaced, waving a hand in the air between them as he closed the door behind Steve.  “It’s not that big of a deal.  Not until you made it a huge deal, anyway.”
“Good,” Steve said, visibly relaxing.  Tony could feel muscles uncoil from Steve’s fight or, well, fight harder mode. “Fridge should be full.  How ‘bout I pack us up some lunch, huh?” Steve offered.
“So…I kind of maybe made out a little with my husband,” Tony said with a slight wince as he put the espresso cup down on the glass-topped table laden with an assortment of muffins and baked goods that sat between the bank of outdoor chairs, which were currently occupied by Pepper and Matt.
.  To touch him.  To be touched by him.  To feel his hand, warm and surprisingly rough, with hard patches and calluses.  A hand that worked, Steve realized. That made things.  Built machines and robots and whatever wondrous things he came up with out there in his garage, away from Steve.
The Ul regarded Tony shrewdly, his dark eyes narrowing. “This weapon will undoubtedly tip the scales in favor of whoever controls it, if it works as you claim.”
“That...doesn’t seem very sporting,” Steve laughed, shaking his head.
“Stark, you’re drifting,” Fury said after a moment of silence.
“Of course,” Tony replied, lying through his teeth. Steve sighed, splaying his hand across his forehead and rubbing his temples.
—Steve,” was all he managed to choke out before he came so hard his vision blacked for a moment, like a switch had been flicked off, and he collapsed forward using Steve’s broad back for support as he finished the last couple of sloppy thrusts, emptying himself completely inside Steve.  He leaned down and pressed his forehead against the expanse of Steve’s back, breathing heavily, the room seeming to swim and sway as he blinked to regain some semblance of composure.  He was still holding Steve’s hard cock in his hand, as he felt the odd twisting pressure as the tip of his cock swelled and the knot released, moving deeply inside Steve, budging up against the cradle of nerves, causing a sharp cry followed by a stuttering, near scream from Steve that he managed to mostly bury in the carpet.
Steve let his eyes fall closed. He tilted his head to the side, offering his neck.  “I am here, Tony. I am here,” he whispered, feeling the breath rattle around in his chest.  Tony leaned over him, wrapping his arms around Steve in a semblance of an embrace.  It felt good. Steve leaned in to the hard press of Tony’s body, solid and strong. He felt Tony’s lips on his, brief, chaste, barely a kiss, but a promise, nonetheless.
“Tony,” Steve groaned, lifting Tony’s hips to a different angle as he pulled out and plunged into the warm, wet heat of Tony’s body.  That was right, Steve figured, because Tony’s body went bowstring tight when Steve slammed into him, then shuddered, his eyes rolling back in his head as he let out a hiss of air through his teeth and looked up at Steve.  Something flashed behind Tony’s eyes then, too fast for Steve to catch it, before Tony shuttered them closed, panting out puffs of air in time with Steve’s thrusts.
He wiped a hand over his eyes and tried to focus on anything that wasn’t how good and terrible it would feel to just find some relief.  That was for his Alpha, and if Steve didn’t want that from him.  Well.  He could do this.  He wasn’t some bunch of hormones that couldn’t fucking think past what his dick was doing.  He could handle this.  He had for years, and it wasn’t really any different now.  Just because Steve was there and could…Steve could touch him.  Steve could make him feel good, and it would be okay.  It wouldn’t be bad, after. But, Steve didn’t want that.  So.  So, he’d just…do whatever it was he was doing.
“My terrible life choices are hardly your fault, Steve,” Tony gently corrected.  “I didn’t have to go running to Ty the first sign of there being an issue with us, but I did.  I didn’t have to push you away the exact way I knew would work.  I did this, too.”  Steve shook his head and opened his mouth to protest.  Tony reached up and covered Steve’s lips with his hand, hushing him.  “How about, and I know this is wild, but how about we are both adults and we both made some bad choices here.  And maybe next time—next time there’s some issue,” Tony broke off, rolling his bottom lip between his teeth and sucking in a shuddering breath.  “Next time, we talk about it?” he suggested, dropping his hand back down to his side.
He felt wanted.  Needed. Cherished.  It was reverential, this feeling.  Staggering and immense, the feeling washed over him, into him, all at once, blanketing his mind with a kind of soft, safe glow of happiness undistilled by any filter that might hold it back.  He had never felt anything like it. He thought he might be crying, but couldn’t be bothered to care. Tony’s eyes rolled back in his head as the alien worked his fingers in and out of Tony’s hole a few more times while Tony watched him, unable to tear his gaze away from the alien’s deep, blue one until the alien’s fingers finally slipped out of him.  Tony let out a soft keen at the loss and the alien’s eyes snapped back to his in startle. He hummed again, soft and soothing, and the momentary feeling of being without, being empty, being
“Tony,” Rhodes said, a note of warning in his voice.  “We should ta—”
Grabbing the keys for the Audi, he slid behind the wheel and hit the button on the control panel to open the garage door.  He looked around, then realized he didn’t have his wallet with his license.  It was sitting in the pocket of his jacket on the floor in his room under part of a fighter pilot helmet Steve had brought home one day for Tony to mess around with the head’s up display, which…God, what if that was just Steve’s version of roses and chocolates?  Damn it.
“Maybe I like that.  Maybe I like that you’re not bitter and jaded just yet, like the rest of us,” Tony muttered, half under his breath, then tipped his head back and looked at the sky.  “Life hasn’t kicked you in the teeth so much you stop kicking back.”
“What?” Steve asked.  For some reason, he felt instantly defensive, though he quickly tried to tamp down on the feeling.
Maybe he was just projecting onto Tony.  He’d only know the man a day, after all. Who could say what he was really like? Tony didn’t even seem to like himself very much a lot of the time.  What had he said earlier?  He was the kind of man who...who did things like this.  Not a particularly good person. That was how he saw himself.  Maybe Steve should believe him.  He frowned again, mouth flattening as he let out a frustrated hiss of air.
God, he missed Steve.
Steve could see it all falling into his place in his mind, one domino tipping over the next and then the next.  He and Tony, talking it over, planning, making preparations over take-out and in bed with a pint of ice cream and a single spoon.  More importantly, he could
the feeling of it.  Tony returned to kissing his way down Steve’s chest, tongue swirling around the sensitive skin shielding a nipple before taking the bud into his mouth and pulling just enough to weave the line between pleasure and pain while his hand continued to rub Steve’s own lubrication over his cock, working his way up and down and rotating around to cup his length before Tony’s fingers ghosted down to rub over his balls and then back up, moving in a faster motion now, up and down and before Steve’s mind caught up with what was happening, he was coming in wild gasps and spurts in Tony’s hand, his body bowing taut and a sharp cry that he didn’t recognize falling from his lips.
“It’s not,” Steve insisted.
“Back at you,” Tony replied with a careful air of nonchalance, walking into the kitchen where Steve waited.
“And that is going to be all on that, you can direct questions to Ms. Potts back there, who will be giving you some truly breathtaking versions of ‘No comment,’” Tony said to a round of groans.  “Oh, please, like you don’t have your soundbites?” Tony asked, huffing a little and standing up as the room’s occupants seemed to relax as one and join in on the joke. It was an odd phenomenon, Steve thought, though he supposed Tony was a lot more used to the press being hostile one minute and friendly the next.
“Oh, gods, you—“ Natasha started, clearing her throat in an exaggerated manner.
“Okay,” Steve said softly.  “Guess this is goodnight then.”
“Hey,” Steve said, loud enough for it to carry over his shoulder.  He turned around to face Tony and leaned his hips against the railing, cupping his hands around the wooden edges.
“Wow.  Tony, wow!  They’re amazing,” Steve exclaimed with a huge grin splitting his face. He looked years younger when he smiled, Tony thought, then shook his head to clear it.
“You didn’t.  It’s fine.  I was…sleeping wrong, anyway.  So…ah.  Can I come in?  Or, you come out?  I’m…” Tony trailed off, suddenly unsure of what he was.  Steve was in the bathroom, which…okay, not weird, except it was, and Tony wasn’t sure why, but the skittering sound of screws that weren’t screws hitting the tile filled his brain and set off alarm bells that were just getting louder the longer there was a door between them.
The voice rang in his head. Familiar, but…he shook his head.
“I’m told I should expand my wardrobe,” Steve said.
“I’m not tired,” Steve insisted.  In fact, he felt wonderful.  Energy coursed through his veins.  He felt like he could run across half the country at blazing speed, the way Pietro did on horseback. He could do anything.
Please note:  This chapter deals with the aftermath of various traumas and issues that we would now identify as PTSD.  It also deals with a prior encounter with Hammer that had non-con elements.  Please be kind to yourselves and read accordingly.
“You will keep him safe for me,” Tony ordered.
“It is,” Steve agreed, nodding slightly. Here, the land was verdant and lush with the rains that always seemed to fall, carpeting the ground with thick, green grasses that tapered down to where the jagged cliffs met the sea.  Over the din of birds and buzz of noise from the battalion marching behind them, Steve could pick up the rush of water over stone as the long fingers of the River reached out to the sea.  “Didn’t expect to be back so soon.”  That much was true, and as they got closer, he was less and less sure he wanted to see it again, and more certain that he had to do so.    There really wasn’t any saving grace in not knowing, he thought dully.  If Bucky could return, then he could.  Or he should, and maybe those were the same thing, or had to be.
“I know. It sometimes takes a while. I’m--I’m good.  Really,” Steve said finally, when Tony showed no intent of stopping. “I’m ready.”
“Steve,” Tony said softly. He walked over and sat on the edge of the bed, reaching out to cover Steve’s thin hand where it gripped the quilt.  Steve’s mouth opened, then closed, and he drew in a shaky breath.  “It’s almost time, Steve.”
“That’s…there’s really no contest there.  I love you,” Tony whispered.  “The company, this project, the money, none of that…none of that’s even close, Steve.  You’re the thing I can’t live without.  The only thing.”
That wasn’t what he had meant to ask.  God, he sounded stupid.  Of course, Steve wasn’t okay.  Steve was so not okay, they had to get him an Omega so he would…what?  Have someone to come back to, wasn’t that what Coulson said?  Oh, God.
There was a metallic taste coating the back of his throat that wouldn’t go away no matter how much he swallowed.  He stepped back and used his body to hold the door open for Coulson, forcing himself to look the other man in the eye and finding something that looked a bit like understanding there.
Don't answer that.
Yes, it's more Tony in lingerie, Steve in his uniform porn.  Sue me.
Steve probably wouldn’t answer if Tony texted him now, Tony thought with a morose sigh and puff of air that made his lips vibrate against the carpet.  Not after the way Tony had ended things.  Steve would probably ignore it. If he hadn’t already blocked Tony’s number.  It would have been easier if Steve had stormed out or yelled or acted like a normal human being, but no, of course he hadn’t.  He’d just looked like a kicked puppy and told Tony it was okay, if that was what Tony wanted.
“I’m not lost, I live here,” Steve insisted, giving the man a pointed look.  “I’m just--” running, he thought, but he didn’t want to say that to the man and have him think Steve was a coward, though he wasn’t sure why it mattered what the stranger thought. He snorted wetly and pointed.  “I live right down that way. The one…” the one that’s barely standing with the patched roof and the empty barn that’s falling apart, he thought, then just shrugged and drew his arm across his mouth again, wincing slightly at the burn where his lip was split, “Down that way. It isn’t far,” he finished lamely.
“What I told you about Zola…about what he said he would do.  To me. To Cam,” Steve blurted out, the words spilling out of him in a rush.  “I know you want to think that I did not understand.  That I am untrained and unfamiliar with Zola’s ways. That he was trying to frighten me to ensure you would be pleased and worried because of who I was—who I am, and that I would cause a problem,” Steve told him, looking up at where Tony hovered at his side.  He hated how his voice shook, but he couldn’t seem to stop it.  He didn’t want to think upon any of that, but Tony had to know.  And he had to know what Tony would do, if he would care, if he was the man Steve thought he was.  “Maybe he is as you say. For you. For those concubines who are valuable.  Perhaps for them, he is a kindly Master.  I don’t know. But, for me?  For the ones who don’t matter?  He would have sold me off as soon as he could.  He had no interest in keeping me beyond entertaining you for an evening, all because I looked like someone you once…” he trailed off, looking up at Tony, whose face had gone ashen, even in the firelight.
Steve’s bemused gaze followed Stark for a moment, then he sighed, shook his head again and followed him towards a hallway that ended in a tightly curved staircase.  He was on Stark’s clock tonight. If Stark wanted them to take in the view first, it shouldn’t really matter to him, Steve reasoned, so he ducked his head and followed Stark towards the stairs.
It was an odd thought, though Steve thought perhaps having odd thoughts up here was, in fact, not so very odd.  It seemed his every other thought was something strange. Frowning, he crossed the rest of the hall and made his way towards the steps, his eyes on the light flickering at the top that seemed to beckon him.
“No one’s making you be here,” Ty said curtly.  Dan looked towards the door again.  No, hey, don’t go, Tony thought.
“All kinds, huh?” Steve said.
.  He could always build.  Make things
He got it.  He did.   He just…didn’t know what to do with that.   Life experiences hadn’t really prepared him for…was it acceptance?  Was that what it felt like, this slivery edge of calm certainty that he could, that it was okay, that he could have this and it could be his and no one would take it from him, which had somehow slipped in when he walked across the driveway to the garage?  When had he stopped hurrying?  He should’ve marked the day he stopped scurrying around, trying to dodge Steve’s presence when he made his break for the garage.
He turned when Tony let the front door bang shut behind him and watched Tony walk up the steps to the deck, though he didn't make a remark, just watched in that slow, steady, annoyingly open way that Steve seemed to be able to look at him.
Their room would be waiting.  Their room.  Steve’s room, once, so long ago, when separate rooms had seemed like a privilege.  The walls held Steve’s art.  Beautiful landscapes, portraits and vignettes he sketched as they traveled that Tony kept and had framed.  An old woman in a kerchief sitting on the steps of a church with her hand out as people passed. Tony had pressed a wad of bills into her fingers, and she had beamed a gap-toothed smile and said something to him in a language he didn’t know, but it had the feeling of gratitude.  An intricately detailed drawing of the labyrinthine interior of spiral shell they had found on a beach in the Caribbean.  Couples strolling along the Charles Bridge in Prague, under the watchful gazes of stone saints.  A rubbing of a gravestone at Normandy.  Tony, with his head pillowed on his arms atop his desk and DUM-E’s claw resting in his lap, one of Tony’s hands caught mid-stroke along DUM-E’s arm.
real, and eventually, he fell asleep.
waited.  And, hopefully, Shellhead.
“You said you heard him hollering from outside the walls,” Tony reminded him, grinding his hips down, then up again, feeling their bodies slide together.  He let out a gasp and pushed himself up, ducking his head down so he could watch between their bodies as his cock slid along Steve’s, bobbing and straining together.  He moves his hips again, relishing the burn.  Steve’s hand, slick from Tony’s juices, shot down between them and wrapped around both of their cocks, holding them together, Tony’s body rocking just enough to rub. The twin sensations of their cocks slowly grinding together and Steve’s hand holding him sent sparks of fiery heat coiling low in his belly, tightening everything.  His breathing stuttered, stopped, then started again in little pants.
Steve felt his face heat at the words and the way the words made his cock push and strain inside the cage until the pressure was painful enough to make him want to grab at it, tug it, give it just a little more of the relief it was denied.  His mind kept skipping between his tight cock and the hardness filling his ass like it couldn’t settle on which one to feel and finally just wound the two sensations together into a heady mix of pain and pleasure.  He looked up at Tony.  He wanted to tell him it was too much and not enough, and he didn’t know how to feel, but it was right there. So close, he could almost see it, like the glimpse of something over a hill. If he took a few more steps, he could see the whole.  He nodded, once, keeping his eyes locked on Tony.
They dodged the few couples and families out this late and ducked into a small storefront that had white-painted bars on the windows under a red awning and bell that jingled to announce their entry.  A glass case contained an assortment of cheesecakes, all thicker than the width of Tony’s hand and piled high with various combinations of fruit, whipped cream, chocolate, nuts or some other confection.
That could have been the end of it, maybe, he mused, except that Steve had shown up at the Tower a few days later, sheepishly admitting his Shield-provided apartment was rubble and wondering if he could stay for a few nights, which turned into weeks and then months and then turned into something else entirely.
“Why not?” Steve prompted after Tony trailed off.
There was something niggling in the back of Tony’s mind about all of this, but he couldn’t seem to latch onto it and the effort to try seemed insurmountable at the moment, so he pushed it away and focused on the way the glass felt, the way Steve’s hand felt, the way the water tasted, how the car was warm and quiet, how he was safe and Steve thought he was amazing, even though he had seen with his own two eyes that Tony was broken and wrong.  Steve would probably come to his senses soon.  He was just being a good guy, because Steve was like that.  Good.  It was nice, though.  Even for a little while.
“I can take care of myself, Buck,” Steve said.
“There are three Italian restaurants within twelve miles of your location,” Siri announced.
“We got ‘em, though.  Went after one of those bunkers, little pillbox things they built into the sand.  Had to go at it from the sides, but we got ‘em,” the man continued.  “Ah, enough of that.  Supposed to be a party.  This one,” he pulled his head at the man standing next to him again.  “Says he can’t take me anywhere these days.  Says I’m an old curmudgeon.  You believe that?” he asked, nodding at Tony.
Anto sighed and glanced up at the man again.  The man didn’t seem to mind the rudeness, Anto had learned.  Anto pointed at the man’s leg, then lightly touched the knots where the sinew was tied as it pulled the flesh together.  The man’s mouth turned down again. He needed to take the stitches out before the skin grew around them. It would hurt. He wanted to tell the man this, but the man wouldn’t understand his signals.  He thought back to the sound the man had made, when he bared his teeth and looked pleased.
“I take it I had the honor of being your first,” the King asked, lips quirking into a smile.
“Whatever.  Anyway, it got on the black market and there was a—a
“Okay.  Okay, sounds good,” Tony said.  Steve had no idea if it actually sounded good to Tony. Tony turned to go, and Steve, God, he wasn’t ready to lose him to the night yet and face that empty room and how full it was of everything he wanted to forget.  It was selfish, but...he wasn’t ready.
“I—I do believe in him.  Who wouldn’t believe in Steve?  Come on, I literally just said that!” Tony shot back, rolling his eyes and crossing his arms across his chest, making the bag of chips crumple again.
“Ah! Whoa-ho-ho, hell of a grip there, son.
Warm drops of oil hit his hole and dribbled down.  He hissed, more in surprise than anything, then felt the King’s fingers gently tracing around the rim before one slowly slid inside.  Steve’s body jerked instinctively at the intrusion, though it didn’t hurt.  He was still loose from the preparation at Zola’s.  The King could just…get it over with, Steve thought, but he didn’t, just worked his finger in to the knuckle and kept it here, letting Steve get used to it.  He thrust slowly in deeper, then out again, pumping his hand at Steve’s hole.
had every right to be there.  We weren’t doing anything wrong, just being good, engaged citizens exercising our first amendment right to protest the state of government,” Tony said, feeling his back stiffen with agitation.
“Do tell,” Steve prodded, working his hands harder into Tony’s skin.
“I had a meeting.  Two hours ago.  When you first showed up,” Pepper corrected, striding towards the doors of her office, which apparently meant his little impromptu relationship advice session was at an end.  Tony dutifully shuffled behind her down the hall, plans pinging around in his head.  He could take Steve to the Met, let him blather on about art stuff, do a convincing job of pretending to care about any of it, then dinner, and Steve would love him.  Again.  Or something.
Tony stared at the scene for a long beat, then looked up at Steve, finding Steve’s eyes on him.  Steve reached out and cupped Tony’s cheek, the back of thumb tracing across Tony’s cheekbone and down to the corner of his mouth before he dropped his hand, pivoted on his heel and walked out of the room.  Tony opened his mouth to call out, but couldn’t get any sound to come.
Tony laughed.  It didn’t sound like a laugh, not really, Steve thought.  “So that you will like me more, Raj’Inama, and overlook that I have so little to give, by comparison.”
“You’re in for something special then,” Lou assured them as the blades started picking up speed.
purpose.  Against the back wall, a tall cabinet’s shelves were filled with all manner of bottles, metal boxes and other curiosities, and a clock taller than Steve stood near the fireplace, its face painted with images of the sun and stars.
, as if the moment should rightfully be marked by a physical scar, and maybe it should. Because they were still hurting from this, in so many ways, even if it wasn’t visible.
Steve drew back, blinking at Stark in shock.  “You’d pay me a thousand dollars to answer your question?”
“I know that,” Steve acknowledged in a rough, scraping voice. He squinted up at the lights that ran in a track through the interior of the C-130’s cabin.  Bright. It had been bright out there, too, but the blood had dripped into his eyes, tinting his vision with red, and he hadn’t noticed the brightness after that.  “I’m not—I know what war looks like, Nat.  This?  This thing we were doing today?  That wasn’t war.  That was—I don’t know what that was.  What were we even doing there?  Rescuing hostages who had been dead for days?  None of the strike team had med kits.  Not the real ones. Not the ones we use to treat people and not just patch ourselves up with bullets flying overhead.  They knew.  We didn’t save anybody, Nat.  We just put it off another day.”
Tony grinned, trying to picture it, but he couldn’t quite get the imagine of a much smaller Steve to work in his head.
He flicked the top button of his pants open, then slowly, tantalizingly, lowered the zipper.  The last of the music ebbed away, leaving just the sounds of his and Tony’s mingled breaths and the soft, metallic growl of the zipper.  Gyrating his hips in a wide, slow circle, Steve pushed his pants down over his hips, past his knees and kicked them off, keeping his eyes on Tony the whole time.   Tony took one look at him and promptly burst out laughing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Alphas were way too used to being told everything they did was amazing.  The lack of a tongue-bathing for basic human decency seemed to constantly throw them for a loop.  Still.
“He is coming up!” Cam called from the shore, pointing excitedly over at where the bubbles that wandered to the surface of the lagoon had grown fiercer.
what you were giving up?”
Fabulous artwork done by the amazing kelslk.  www.kelslk.tumblr.com:
“Sure.  You do that, Private…Smith.  Okay, totally not a made-up name, whatever.  Look, you want to call it in to whoever, go right ahead.  I’m sure Steve—ah, Captain Rogers—will understand why I’m not where he asked me to be because of…bureaucracy and protocol and all.  People think he isn’t understanding of things like that, but he totally is.  Well.  Like, most of the time.  Some of the time.  Sometimes.  Whatever.  I mean, sure, sometimes, he’s all, “Someone gave you a hard time?  Over that?  After I explicitly said…”  And I’m like, “Steve, babe, calm down, it’s cool.”  Point is, you call.  Do your chain of command thing. I’ll just wait.  It was…Smith, right?  Smith,” Tony repeated, saying the name with a pop of his lips as he tapped his fingers across the steering wheel.
Leaving that behind, Steve walked over to the painted cabinet and opened its doors.  Inside were a series of drawers and smaller cabinets.  He pulled open the middle drawer and looked down at the contents.  Well.  He supposed the purpose of some of the items was fairly clear, at least based on their shape.  A series of polished silver beads strung together in increasing size.  A bulbous-headed hook on the end of a chain roughly the length of Steve’s arm.  A circle-shaped metal ring with leather straps that ended in a buckle.  Others, he had no idea their purpose. What looked like a small, gilded bird cage.  Several small, delicate-looking metal pipes, no bigger than Steve’s palm, that also came in a variety of sizes.  A round leather cuff, smaller than his wrist, with two chains hanging from it that ended in metal weights.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve said, watching Tony's shoulders sag with relief. A shiver ran its way up his spine.  Huh.
, Rogers.”
“Glad to have exceeded your extremely low expectations, I suppose,” Tony offered with a sardonic twist of his mouth.
The man and the woman were both naked, save for their collars, though the truly startling part to Steve was the creamy color of their skin that matched their tightly-coiled hair. The woman’s hung in long threads down her back, while the man’s was cut short, close to his scalp. In the lamplight, piercings glittered from their nipples and, as Steve looked down with some kind of dawning horror, from the head of the man’s cock where it hung flaccid between the thatch of the same milky hair at the juncture of his thighs.
“A different—I like the cabin. I don’t want to leave the cabin—wait, you are?  You’re going, too?  You’re not…sending me away?” Tony asked, blinking down at Steve.
“He—he did?  But, why?” Steve asked with a frown.
“Since now.  Since I have a reason to wait,” Tony responded and reached a hand behind him to knock on the door of 7/11’s favorite customer.  “Yo, Bluto,” Tony called out, turning his head towards the seam in the door of what would be 4A, if anyone had bothered to mark the door.
“Tell Captain Rogers I gave it to you,” Howard said.  “That’s what you want, isn’t it?  See?  I can be reasonable,” Howard continued with a derisive snort, tipping his glass to the corner of his head in a mockery of a salute. “Here’s to my Omega son’s success.  I’ll definitely drink to that.”
The road.
“You’re an idiot, Calhoun.  You haven’t been out there with him. It’s not about fucking patriotism, man, it’s about keeping him in
“I stopped that a long time ago, Tony,” Steve replied with a heavy sigh, slowly turning to look Tony in the eye with a tight, pained expression that was trying way too hard for sincere.
Steve repeated the motion once, then again, finding the rhythm that his body seemed to crave, feeling the slick length slip further and further down his throat each time, the edge of blind panic dissipating on each thrust as he concentrated on the look on Tony’s face, the way he seemed to be splitting apart at the seams, but holding on so tightly, letting Steve do with him what he would. Steve blinked back the hot spikes of moisture pressing at his eyes, then felt one of Tony’s hands settle on the crown of his head as he moved, not holding, just resting there, a connection that both jolted him and settled him.
,” Anthony told him.
“Stane took the reactor out of Tony’s chest.  He must have figured out the specs Batroc had were fake, because he sent him after me while he came for the real thing,” Steve explained.  “The reactor’s back in, but Tony had a pretty rough time of it. The ambulance is on its way.”
“They’re for wishing,” Tony said, leaning over and peering into the fountain.  “The coins.  People have been doing it for centuries, long before someone built this monstrosity.  There was a spring here once, supposedly.  They say it appeared in the middle of a drought and ran for forty days before it went dry.  Saved the village.  People brought homage to the site.  Bits of food.  A cup of wine.  Jewelry.  Coins, eventually, and made a wish to whatever it was that sent the largesse in the first place.  We collect them, of course.  Alms.  For the poor. Here,” Tony said, reaching into the pocket of his tunic and pulling out a gold coin.  He held it in his palm, outstretched to Steve.  “Take it.  Tradition,” he shrugged, lips quirking up as if the quaintness of it amused him.
“You’ll Bond with Captain Rogers,” Howard snapped, grabbing both of Tony’s shoulders and turning him roughly around to face him, waiting until Tony finally dragged his gaze up to look him in the eye to continue.  “You’ll do it, Tony, or so help me, your next option won’t give a shit about your sparkling personality, you understand me, boy?  You want to screw this up for me, wanna be spiteful and make your old man look like an ass who can’t even control his own Omega son, you can.  Sure.  I can’t stop you.  But, don’t do it because you think there is something that comes next that you’ll like better.  Grass isn’t greener, Tony.  I promise you, you fuck this up for me, you won’t like what comes next.  Either way, I win.  Remember that.  I win.”
“So…you’re saying we left quirky behind and blew right through to eccentric?” Tony asked, then leaned up on his toes and pressed a light kiss to Steve’s lips.
It wasn’t exactly the most subtle effort, Tony thought, but it got the job done.  Howard polished off his drink and set it down with a too-hard clink on the table, and left the room without another word.  Obie gave Maria an apologetic look and followed.
He tried to focus on what Brock was saying.  It was at least distracting enough, if he really concentrated, to keep his mind from straying too close to thoughts better left alone.  Steve made a few vaguely attentive noises as Brock talked until finally, Steve assured Brock it all sounded great, and Brock turned his attention to the complimentary TV where some action movie was showing.  Steve found himself idly sketching on the edge of the crossword puzzle until he realized it was the rock walls of the Grand Canyon he was trying to capture in blue ballpoint.
Steve grunted agreeably.  That was nice.  His ass ached.  His cock hurt.  His balls were sore.  The pain formed some kind of warm, soft cocoon around him, keeping everything else at bay.  He wasn’t even sure what else there was.  It was just him and Tony, and that was good.  A fur blanket was pulled over him.  He hadn’t realized he was cold, but then he was warm and knew he must have been.   Tony’s hands rubbed at his back, massaging the tight muscles until they relaxed. He ran his hands through Steve’s hair, scraping his fingers across Steve’s scalp.  That felt amazing.  Steve hummed with pleasure, hovering higher.  Everything was so far away.  He pushed it further away.  There was something he didn’t want to think about, couldn’t think about, not here.  He would remember tomorrow, perhaps.
“Really?  Wow, well, congratulations!”  the woman said, smiling.  “That’s great.  Your wife is a lucky woman.”
“You…you won’t ‘bother him’?” Happy asked incredulously.  “Do you have any idea what you’ve done to…” Happy’s voice cut off as his eyes flicked over Steve’s shoulder and then snapped back to Steve with a hard glare.
People turned, stared, grabbed for phones.  Steve was starting to get used to it, at least a bit.  Tony had his plastic smile plastered on his face, and was nodding along with Trisha while she explained how he could spend his money once they were done with dinner.
“No one wants to lose a star over some missing inventory, that’s for sure,” Steve agreed.  “Still, that’s a helluva detour.”
“I bought the men working the wheel,” Tony said.  “They, and whatever family they may have here, will be sent to the Castle to work after we leave.”
“Stark’s penthouse,” Steve replied.
“I’m sorry.  I’m sorry, Steve, you have no idea how sorry I am,” Tony said softly.
“The team was on their way, but I told them I’d handle it,” Steve added.  “Nat put in a call to Fury to help with cover for the local PD.”
“Of course, I’m jealous.  Did you see him?  Bet he doesn’t have to pop enough blue pills to give a rhino an erection just to get you through your Heat,” Josh shot back, taking a sip of punch and making a face.  “Oh, for God’s sake, Sugar, what is this, a kiddie play date?”
“Seriously, why are you still here?” the King demanded, snapping his fisted hands together, then popping his fingers apart, his mouth twisting into an exasperated frown.  Zola looked up at him in surprise, turned and practically ran out of the room.
“Love you,” Tony murmured and patted Steve’s arm where it cradled him.
“You wanted a way out.  But, you wanted to beat them, too.  You took something they did to you, something they tried to take from you, and you turned it against them.  The thing they thought debilitated you, made you easy to control?  You took it and made yourself stronger than any of them ever imagined,” Steve continued.  “Tony...you’re mine.  Mine,” Steve growled low in his throat, making Tony’s heart skip and breath catch.  “Every part of you is mine.  This part…maybe especially this part.”
Tony stared down at him for a moment, then tossed his head back and laughed, his whole body shaking with it.  When he finally collected himself, he grasp Steve’s face between his hands, leaned forward and kissed him, hard, half laughing through it, even as his lips slanted over Steve’s and his tongue brushed inside Steve’s mouth, flicking and curling against Steve’s own.
The door opened.  He was outside, blinking into the haze of the sun.  They dropped him on a stone bench by the door.  One of them cuffed the back of Steve’s head with a fist, making his vision swim.  Rumlow followed them out.  Frowned at Steve, then nodded at the wagon that rolled up in front of them, pulled by two mules, slathered in sweat and dirt and objecting loudly to the demands of the driver who tapped their backs with his whip from his seat.  The wagon carried two long trunks of whatever goods Steve’s new owner might have picked up at the port, a barrel of mead and three other slaves in long tunics chained together by a long line of metal that threaded through their collars and attached to a post on the back of the wagon.
Steve felt Tony’s hair against his skin as Tony bent down, and then his mind simply exploded as sensation after sensation rippled through him when Tony licked a flat stripe over his hole and up the seam of his ass.
“I texted her while you and Barnes were talking about how great your dick was,” Tony said to Steve by way of explanation.
Dammit, math!
Steve felt himself rushing out of the car with a quick nod to Happy’s softly muttered “good luck,” and into the house, taking the steps down to Tony’s workshop two at a time.  He typed the code into the panel on the door, a bit surprised to find it still worked as the door slid open to admit him, and stalked into the room, ready for a confrontation.
His eyes burned for a moment.  Damn dust, he told himself, swiping a hand over them.  He started to push the door of the safe closed, then realized he’d left the antenna of the radio up.  He couldn’t say what made him take it, and later, wouldn’t say, maybe couldn’t quite put it into words, but he bunched up the newspapers and rolls of charts in front of where the radio had been and closed the safe’s door, locking it up again.
It was strangely worse, hearing Steve say that, this...lack of reaction, which made no sense, Tony knew. There should be relief, and there was, it was just a bit out of reach. Something he could see, but couldn't quite manage to grab onto. Instead, it was just...making him off-kilter, like a quarter spinning around on a table until all the momentum it has left leaves it wobbling and rocking, waiting for all the energy to leave it so it can finally just fall down. His insides went watery with relief, leaving him shaking, like his body had just decided to go ahead and react to something his mind couldn't seem to wrap itself around.
“Nguh,” Tony groaned. “Fuck, fuck, God, Steve, fuck, please, please,” Tony stammered, a senseless stream of words spilling from his mouth.
“You lied, Tony.  You went behind my back with Ultron and then—then you did it again with Vision!  And you said it was because you couldn’t trust me?  How am I supposed to react to that?” Steve demanded roughly, eyes narrowing as Tony opened his mouth to object.  Steve cut him off abruptly, shook his head and stalked towards the door.  “You know what?  Forget it.  Just—“ Go.  He wanted to say it, but the word wouldn’t come out.  He had told Tony he would miss him, but he’d told himself that building this, this new team, would be enough to fill whatever space was left by Tony’s absence.  He wasn’t sure now if he’d been lying more to himself or Tony.
“I think I will,” Tony said, eyes bright and fierce with determination.  “I will.”
be your Omega,” Tony said, then sent the bottle cap he’d been playing with skittering across the tabletop like a stone across water.
“Oh?” Tony mused, rolling his body towards Steve’s and running a hand idly up and down Steve’s back, grinning widely the whole time. “How so?”
“Uh-huh.  Because old-fashioned, ex-military, hippy-dippy artist just screams ‘for a good time, call,’” Tony snorted.
“Don’t go,” Barnes said quickly.
“But, not tonight,” Tony said, reaching out and cupping Steve’s cheek. One thumb stroked up and down, just grazing Steve’s lips so that Steve could feel the coarse pad roughen across his mouth.
“Yeah, that probably sounded bad,” Tony admitted.
Not for the first time since he’d woken up face down in the snow a few feet from Tony’s prone form, he wished Bruce was here to tell him what to do.  He had basic field medicine training, but he honestly wasn’t sure if he was helping or making matters worse.  Tony was wavering between insisting he was perfectly fine and claiming to see a bright light and someone named Jerry Garcia waving him through.
Coulson looked over at Tony and gave him a slight nod.  “I’ll just be right outside the doors,” Coulson told him.  “If you need anything, push that call button.”
“You treat me like your sword or that damn shield,” Tony groaned as Steve worked a second oil-slicked finger in and out of him, stretching gently. Tony didn’t exactly sound disappointed at the notion, Steve thought, feeling warmth flood him, his already hard cock straining even more. He liked this part, watching Tony fall apart, writhing and squirming around Steve’s hands until Steve felt comfortable Tony was ready, usually sometime long after Tony started insisting he was. Tonight though, Tony was unnaturally quiet, letting Steve work his body to readiness without protest, occasionally sighing shakily and watching Steve with something approaching reverence.
“You’ll call, right?  If anything happens.  Anything, Tony.  You call, okay?  I’ll come.  Don’t wait. Don’t think you can handle it all yourself.  This isn’t on you alone, Tony.  It never was,” Steve reminded him.
“Let us agree that experience has taught me that this is a viable solution to such a problem,” Tony agreed with a laugh bubbling under his words.  “Speaking of keeping busy, have I not filled your hours with enough to occupy you that you must worry about the boy like a mother duck whose wayward duckling has left her wing?” Tony teased, though there was something more behind the words, a darker question shadowing them, and Steve supposed they both knew it.  Was it enough? Was
of this is with him, really, when you get down to it, that’s probably all any of this is.  He knows about the convoy attack. About Gulmira. Well, not all of it, but he knows the basics.”
“You will tell me to stop?” Tony asked again. “You are sure?”
“He wasn’t almost committed,” Steve sighed with exaggerated exasperation.
“Dude, pay attention.  That one was almost in the fucking bubble,” Barton crowed with mock horror though the comm.  “Doom clearly did not get your memo.  And it had bullet points and everything.”
Was this cruelty? Or kindness? Where was the line? It was a manipulation in a way, he couldn’t deny it. Did it matter if it was meant well? Probably not. He didn’t know if this was right or wrong, something he always seemed to know with certainty before arriving here. He just knew what he wanted. What he wanted to say. What he wanted to be true, even if just for a little while.
They spent most days like that, with Anto bringing what he could to the cave to learn the words, and Steve sometimes drawing things in the dirt with a sharp stick, something which had initially bothered Anto so much he had smeared the image of a bird away before Steve even finished.  Once he saw what Steve was doing, though, he immediately saw the benefit of it. Steve could tell him the names of things that weren’t even here to see, things that didn’t exist in Tony’s world, like the massive, long fish that Steve said was a sturgeon and lived in something called the Great Mother River and was hunted by people in boats called canoes that seemed to Tony to look a lot like the fish itself.
“I almost had him!” Cam replied, kicking at where the waves gently lapped at the shore.  “They are very fast, but I shall be faster.  You will see!”  Steve just shook his head and turned back to face the waves, letting them lift him up and down in the water. He had to give the boy credit for his persistence, if not his success.
In retrospect, he should not have been surprised at Tony’s machinations, considering how strenuously Tony had argued against this whole plan. That had been…well, that had been a series of spectacularly loud discussions, Steve recalled with a slight wince at the memory. Tony eventually agreed to the premise, but continued to protest that Steve did not need to be the one to lead the mission or, at one point, that if Steve had to go, then Tony would accompany him.
He tried Natasha’s number next, and got her voicemail, too, but this one let him leave a message.  He really didn’t have much to say, but thanked her for bringing his bag by and heard himself promising her a tiny bottle of hot sauce without really meaning to.  He tucked the phone back into his back pocket and braced his hands against the balcony railing, watching one of the big, red, open-top tourist buses make a stop not too far away.  When they first got out here, he’d taken Bucky on one of those tours, hopping on and off at different points of interest, trying to get a feel for a city so very different than they one they’d left.
“Feel better?” Tony asked carefully as he grabbed a towel from the beside table and wiped off his hand.
“I, uh…” Tony started.  “I don’t want to.”
“Tony,” Steve called out, then opened his eyes, looking directly at Tony for the first time in what seemed like an eternity. The impact was nearly enough to send Tony to his knees, something heavy seeming to knock the breath out of him.
As excuses for snooping went, Tony figured it was right up there with checking the porridge temperature, but before he let the thought fully form, he had one hand on the doorknob to Steve’s room and the other clutching a neatly-pressed, plastic-wrapped bundle of clothes on enough wire hangers to make Joan Crawford rise from the dead in disgust.
Perhaps it was better this way, Tony thought.  Couldn’t lose something you didn’t have.  He’d never have that kind of grief that Charles still so clearly carried.  He’d never have to worry about pain like that.  He’d never have to figure out how to go on.  He watched Charles carefully tuck the pictures away and put his wallet back in his jacket pocket.  He somehow doubted Charles would say it wasn’t worth it.
There was something about the way Brock kept talking about last night--about Tony--that made Steve feel slightly dirty about the whole thing.  Like he had done something wrong.  And he really, honestly just didn’t want the previous night sullied like that.  Maybe it was silly, but he wanted last night to… stay the way it was in his head right this very second.  Something good, with a good man, who made Steve feel… cherished and wanted, and every time Brock said something about it, it was like the words just chipped away at all of that.  It was
“Look at me,” the King commanded, so Steve did, opening his eyes and turning his head to face the King.  “You’re gorgeous like this.  I should have your portrait painted, with you all spread out for me.  If I showed it to the council, they would never blame me for my lack of attention.  Or parade them in here.  Let them see what they are keeping me from.”  Steve let out a shaky breath and blinked, a wave of horrified arousal crashing through him at the King’s words.  Threat.  He didn’t know.  His cock jumped and stiffened, rising off his stomach under the King’s gaze.  The King smiled down at him, a dark, knowing smile at Steve’s body’s betrayal.  “I wouldn’t, of course.  I find that I…do not care for the thought of sharing you.”
The fog in Tony’s head started to disappear, leaving things all too clear.
Soldiers—for they were immediately recognizable as such, at least to Steve—waited under a large, dust-colored awning. General Ross and his men, no doubt, Steve guessed. The General, as Tony explained this morning, was to escort their party the rest of the way to the site of the Jerak’ho’s demonstration, since the further south they went, the more dangerous the territory, according to Tony.
“And for you, Sir?” the waiter asked.
“Wanna tell me about it?” Bucky asked.
“That’s ‘eccentric,’ I told you,” Tony reminded him, grabbing his arm and pulling him along.  He looked up and noticed Happy waiting with the car in the distance.
He poked a bit longer at the food in his bowl, forcing himself to eat the rest of it.  He still couldn’t let food go to waste, even if he didn’t have much of an appetite.  Finally, he climbed the ladder into the loft and curled up in his bed.  His parents’ bed, then his mother’s bed, was down below, but he had never been able to bring himself to sleep there.  Besides, he liked it up here in the loft, with his window that opened to the mountains and a nice breeze in the summer months, even if he had to board it up in the winter.
“Done my fair share of that too, Tony,” Steve acknowledged.  “It falls apart, we fix it.  Always.”
“Wait, don’t—she doesn’t have anything to do with—“ Steve cut in.
A complete version of this with a second chapter giving it a little more resolution is in the story titled "Hiraeth."  I just couldn't leave poor Tony like that.
Stars, Steve thought, looking over at the table.  The heavens, the sun…that was what those devices on the table were for, weren’t they? Something to do with that, anyway.  A place such as this, high up in the mountains, might be ideal for such a venture.  It must be Tony who made the thunderous noises and the strange lights, Steve realized with a jolt of surprised pleasure at having figured it out. Tony must be experimenting up here, away from other people, surely to ensure no harm was done.
“I’m ready when you are, Dr. Banner,” Dr. Cho called out from the monitor.
“There was a mix-up. Before,” Tony said tightly.  “Filing error kind of a thing.  It isn’t a big deal.  Steve just needs to sign these, and we’re done.  We don’t have to even see each other again.  Hell, I wouldn’t even be here if you and the Marx Brothers hadn’t been such asshats to my assistant.”
Oh, good Lord, I’m going to have to take both of them, Tony thought with a heavy sigh.  A matched set of self-sacrificing, co-dependent, stubborn-as-fuck, honest-to-God good guy-heroes who bickered like a couple of fishwives.  Actually, the prospect wasn’t nearly as daunting as it had seemed a few days ago.  He shook his head and watched the two of them glare at each other until Barnes finally relented.
These are good men, Steve supposed, listening to them talk.  At least, not evil men, certainly, though something about Strucker gave him pause.  They cared about the people whose safety they were charged with protecting.  They were soldiers, most of them by career from what it sounded like.  Not so very different from the ones I left behind.  And yet, the system they are trying so earnestly to defend is also far too familiar.  One where someone’s worth was measured not by what blood they carried, but by whether their necks bore a collar, arbitrary, meaningless measures, and both systems buttressed by their own kind of violence.  Only here, that violence wasn’t a battlefield, but a story, one woven into the minds of every person, including the slaves themselves, he thought, remembering the other concubines and their easy embrace of this life.
. “To realize that we got monumentally screwed over, but—but, we get this second chance. We can get it right this time. You and me, like we were before. We were happy for God's sake! How can you not want to at least try this?”
Away.
“You’re a good person, Tony,” Steve said.  “You’re smart and you’re good and you’ve got more money than any one person needs, but that doesn’t make it your responsibility to fix me, you know.”
Staring up at the castle, curiosity and wonder warred against the sense of wrongness that permeated the whole place.  He should turn back and hope the path took him back down the mountain to his farm, his stagnant life and the fear of what dark desires he might succumb to in the night.  That was what he should do.  But the need to know, the compulsion to understand what all this meant was nearly overwhelming.  Whatever his night-walking was, it brought him to this place, and a part of him--maybe most of him--needed to know why. If this place held answers about what was happening to him, he
Damn dish-soap-buying Alpha.
“Wow,” Steve replied, drawing back. “That’s…”
“Yes, yes, probably that’s it,” Maria said.
When the King finally did raise his eyes from his work, Steve felt the gaze like a sudden jolt that made his whole body stiffen and go rigid.  Heat wisped its way across his skin as the King’s eyes settled on Steve’s own, then slowly worked their way down Steve’s body in a leisurely sort of inspection.  The King leaned back in his chair and rubbed at his chin with one hand, then got up and walked over to the long table that ran along the wall of the room.  He opened a drawer, took something out and walked over to stand in front of Steve.   He bent down and placed a small, round marble jar in front of Steve, then went back to his seat and moved the books out of the way, pulling one of the larger sheets of parchment in front of him and going back to writing out long lines across the page.
Steve did seem fascinated by the gym, so Tony decided to count that as a win.  It wasn’t exactly as exciting as the first time Steve had visited the gym, but he did at least ask some questions about the equipment.  Steve circled the floor, inspecting a few of the pieces, most of which probably looked wildly unfamiliar to him.  He stopped in front of a standing heavy bag embroidered rather clumsily with the word “Shifty” across the front.  He turned back to look at Tony, raising a hand to point at the lettering.
“You’ll be good for me a little longer, I think,” Tony said, a satisfied grin flashing across his features as Steve groaned.  Tony pulled a thick, gold ring with another ring attached to it out of his coat pocket and held it up for Steve to see.  Steve’s eyes blinked and watered, and the chains rattled as his body jerked in silent protest.  “If you come when I put this on you, it will be the last time you come until you earn the privilege back, do you understand?”
“I still can’t believe this is the team that managed to cause me so many problems,” Rhodes stuttered around hitches of laughter. “I am deeply ashamed, Your Grace.”
Steve looked down at the tableau.  Tony’s thighs had clamped down on the other Steve’s head, holding him there while he licked and sucked at Tony’s rim.  The smaller version of himself curled half-on Tony’s chest and leaned down to take the head of Tony’s cock into his mouth as his other self stroked lightly up and down.
“I can’t.  I’m sorry,” Tony admitted, and he almost meant it.  Almost. Steve snorted in disgust and turned away.  “I wish I could.  No, I take that back, I don’t.  I wouldn’t change feeling this way for anything.  Even if it hurts.  It’s better than not feeling it.  Than not ever getting to feel what this is like.”
And I needed something.  Anything. I wanted to feel, and I did. For a while.  For a while, even the things she made me feel were better than the sheer absence of it.  Until they weren’t, and I looked at what my life had become and realized that was not what I wanted.  Er, not coincidentally, this happened right around the time I discovered she had stolen my seal and was using it to authorize all kinds of contracts for her father’s company,” Tony finished with a rueful grimace.  “Young. Stupid. See?”
“Well, we had a strong belief that the key to success was practice,” Tony teased.  “But, I actually meant—while we’re being adults here.  I know you said you didn’t hold any of my, ah, experience?  Experience, against me, which, you know, great and all.  A lot of it was shit the press made up, anyway.  You get photographed with someone and suddenly you’re in some torrid affair.  Half of it was just made up to sell magazines.  Half of it, well. Wasn’t.  I told you, I’m not proud of that.  I was…not in a great place.  The drinking, the partying…then stopping that and trading one addiction for another.  Lot of unhealthy coping strategies, let’s just say.  I was always careful, though,” Tony assured him with a quick wave of his hand.  He leaned back in his chair and chewed at the inside of his cheek before continuing.  “Even when I was boozing it up.  I’m tested regularly.  All clean.  So.  Just thought you should know.  It—they never meant anything.  It was just sex.  Comfort, something, I don’t know.  I don’t know what I was trying to find.  It was stupid and selfish, but that’s been over for years.  Ask Rhodey, he’ll tell you.  Not saying I’ve been a monk, but I got myself together.”
“I hear you’re pretty good at that,” Stane called out as Steve turned.  Steve stopped and pivoted slowly, catching Stane’s eye. He had his hands steepled in front of his face and his jaw worked hard, teeth gnashing together.  “Lucky for him. Quite the coincidence. You and him ending up together. Some would say, too much of a coincidence. Saw the press conference. Guess there’s some skepticism.  Probably to be expected. But, I’m a romantic, personally,” Stane finished, pushing himself off the stool and walking over to stand next to Steve. He gripped one hand around Steve’s shoulder and leaned in close, familiar and proprietary in some way Steve couldn’t identify but found instantly repulsive.  “Now, the Board...well. Tony’s always done things his way, damn the consequences, but the company is his life. It would be a shame for him to lose it over, well, something like this. I know all the intricacies of the corporate world may be a little above the paygrade of a...sorry, I’m just not sure what you call what you were doing when you and Tony met?”
There seemed to be some sort of affirmative wheeze out of Calhoun.  Frankly, Steve thought he got the point.  The others, too, he thought, glancing over at Rumlow, Rollins and the small crowd that was gathered behind them.  He caught a glimpse of red at the back.  Natasha.  Of course.  He sighed and relaxed his grip on Calhoun, letting the man slip down and out of his grasp into a puddle on the floor.
Steve’s teeth ground together, but the jarring clack did have the benefit of biting back the retort that sprang to his lips.  He looked over at Tony, reclining in his chair with an air of disinterest that was belied by the tight grip he had on his goblet and the way his other hand curled around the arm of the chair so forcefully that Steve could see the whites of his knuckles.  Tony was not as indifferent as he wanted to seem.  Nor did Steve truly have his full attention, he realized, not when there was so much anger and pain clouding Tony’s mind.  He could, though.  Have Tony’s full attention.
“Happy’s bringing the car around to the front of the hotel, so we can walk the gauntlet of press downstairs.  Just smile, look like you adore me—I don’t know, pretend I have dollar signs in my eyes if it helps--and ignore them,” Tony mumbled, flashing a grimace of apology towards the general center of the living room.
“Okay, yes, but you realize that’s not at all what that means,” Steve objected mildly, shaking his head and going back to his pancakes and paper.
“Why not?  It would…please you, I think, to have this,” Tony replied.  He was looking anywhere except at Steve, eyes darting and dancing around the room the way a top spins across a floor.
Tony stared at him in horror. He wanted to run, but his legs seemed frozen in place.
“I talked with the doctors about half an hour ago and said to give it another couple of hours, and he should be mostly back to himself,” Steve replied. Aw, Steve had checked on him.  That was so thoughtful.  He peeled himself off the door and went back to leaning headfirst against the window.
needed
“You’ve given the distinguished lecturer speeches for the past four years, and you did the Miller Lecture Series last year, too,” Steve pointed out.
“This would be appropriate, would it not?” Cam asked around a giggle.
People gasped and pointed, called out his name and dug for their ubiquitous phones to snap photos.  Steve smiled down at him, easy and bright and completely fake, as Tony slid his arm around Steve’s waist and maneuvered them towards the hotel doors.
“It’s Tony,” Kirk said. Steve frowned in confusion.  Kirk wobbled his head back and forth and raised his eyes to the ceiling, taking in a deep breath.  “Not, ah.  Not Kirk.  Tony.  My name.  Kirk was…an entirely-unrelated-to-anything-Star-Trek-pseud.”
“So…last night,” Steve began, glancing quickly over at Tony before looking down.  “Pepper said that was good.  Not the—well, that, but…I mean, that the, ah.  The photos and all. That it was good.  With the…us. What we…ah.  Did.”
“Sorry, Sourpatch,” Tony replied, leaning back against the sofa, hearing a squishing noise, and promptly sitting forward again.
, his mind supplied—but, Steve jerked his head to the side and dropped his hand from Tony’s neck, rubbing his palm against the side of his thigh as he stepped back.
And see that?  That right there was exactly what needed to stop.
Tony slathered the gathering fluid over the head of Steve’s cock.  The friction was exquisite torture.  Too much sensation and not nearly enough.  Tony’s hand left Steve’s cock for a moment, and Steve cried out at the absence, but it was back again soon enough, this time coated with a slick, viscous oil.  Not warm this time, as he was used to, but warm enough in Tony’s hand as he wrapped it around Steve’s cock and gave it a strong, hard stroke.
.  And it isn’t worth it. That’s what I realized about six blocks too late.”
“Okay, but see, I have a jet.  Jets, actually.  Plural. With food and wine and one has this pole—“ Tony started to explain, then promptly clamped his mouth shut.
“Your issues with Howard are hardly, ah, rubbish, Tony.  And, you idealized your father long before you hated him,” Jarvis reminded him, walking over to stand next to Tony at his workstation.  “You know, when you were little, we didn’t have to put those little covers on the electrical outlets.  I explained about electricity and conductivity.  You understood that it was something that could hurt you, so you left it alone.  Always such a bright child.  Incredible, really.”
.  I’ve never been exactly what you’d call a normal Omega,” Tony continued, feeling Steve’s gaze slide over to him, gentle and fond, sending a burst of warmth through Tony’s chest.  “But this…this…this is asking too much.  I know it is.  I get it, I do, and I have to do it, Steve.  I have to, but I can’t…the idea of losing you, losing us…I can’t…”
He picked up a nearby towel and wiped the excess water from his face, then blotted the sweat off his chest and neck.  It was stifling in the room, he realized, though he wasn’t sure if that was actually true or if it was still some vestige of the dream clinging to him.  He walked over and opened the window, gasping for air.  The night was blessedly cool, and Steve sucked in a long, sweet breath.  The thumping in his ears slowly lessened.  A low din of noise replaced it, the remainder of whatever party was still going on into the wee hours, Steve supposed.  He stared out into the garden for a long moment, then stepped back and started back to the bed.  He stopped, halfway there, and reached again for the cloth, dabbing it at his forehead where beads of sweat clung to his skin.  He tried to breathe, but his throat refused to cooperate, and he stumbled back to the open window again, leaning his forehead against the cool stone edge and closing his eyes.  Breathe.  Just breathe, he told himself. It was just a dream. It wasn’t real.
“That is…odd,” Tony said.
know Cap pretty well by this point.  The helicarrier was long behind them, and probably to no one’s greater surprise than his own, Iron Man and Captain America got along pretty well once Loki’s staff wasn’t coming between them. Which…okay, well, that sounded bad even in his head.  Point being, Cap was actually one of the few people Tony had met who turned out not to be disappointing.   The real-life Captain America was everything Tony’s childhood brain had projected onto him—strong, brave, loyal, smart, and good in some to-the-bone sort of way that only Cap seemed able to pull off without it being completely obnoxious—and underneath all that, he was also, as Tony slowly learned, much to his delight, a complete smartass who could give Tony, or, well, Iron Man, a run for his money in the annoying other people for the fun of it department, someone who followed orders like they were a series of Choose Your Own Adventure options and far more broken by everything that had happened to him than he let almost anyone see.
“Not the weirdest thing I’ve done since I started this, but you’re top three,” Kirk said.  “Can I see?  My painting?”
“Yeah.  Deal,” Steve said, with a quick, shy smile before he looked away.   “Think I’m getting the better end of this deal, but yeah.”
“Tony!” Steve yelped, grabbing for the recorder.  “What the hell—“
He would have thought it wasn't possible that this situation could get any shittier. Truly, you had to plumb the depths of hell to make it worse, but Howard clearly was up to the task.
“Hey!” Bucky harrumphed.
“Aren’t you going to eat anything?” Steve asked.  At that, Tony added a few items to his own plate, much more discerning than Steve.  Steve looked up to find Tony watching him, and couldn’t help but feel a bit awkward.  He hated the silence.
“Yes.  Givers must share the Gift with our mates,” the alien said.
He wasn’t sure how long it had been.  A while by the look of the progress Tony had made in his book.  Steve’s knees ached.  His thighs burned.  Half of his body was hot, the other half chilled.  His jaw hurt, and he was desperate to wet his lips and mouth, to swallow freely, just once.  His eyes stung, prickling at the corners as wetness made his lashes stick together.   He wasn’t sure how long it had been.  A long time, surely.  The springy hairs above Tony’s cock made him want to scratch his nose.  It was all he could think about.  That and the need to swallow fully.
“Sometimes, it’s like I never left that cave.  Like I have to keep building this…this thing.  Like I can’t stop or—or something.  I don’t know.  If I stop now, I’ll never get out,” Tony rasped out, blinking, then squeezing his eyes shut, taking in a harsh, breath of air that scraped cold down his throat and into his chest.  “But, then, maybe I get out, and you’re not there, and that’s—all I could think about was getting back to you.
The guards exchanged a look, and the younger of them glanced over at Steve with a sort of conspiratorial look.  “It is likely he and General Rhodes are merely rehashing the day,” he said, mouth pursing as he clearly tried to contain a smile.  “I imagine the King has a few, uh.  Words.  For his General.  To remind him of the day’s events, should his memory have faltered.”
“Barnes?” Tony asked, frowning in confusion.  Steve nodded. Not that he didn’t care about Barnes, but holy hell, Steve—Steve had to be…how was the guy even functioning?  He reached out for Steve, wrapping his hand around Steve’s where it had been picking at the edge of the counter, and pulled Steve to him.  “Hey.  Whatever—whatever it is, I’m right here, okay?”
“Do. Not. Say. Anything,” Ms. Potts reiterated sternly.  With that admonition, she moved away, allowing the doors of the elevator to slide shut.  The silence was the sudden, noticeable kind that you felt in your chest like it had weight to it.  Steve wanted to fill it, say something, but he had nothing he wanted to say that didn’t sound either panicked or stupid in his head when he tried it out.  A beat later, he decided to settle for stupid just to break the quiet.
it went okay.  Good, maybe.  Even kind of…great,” Tony mumbled with a frown.  “Obviously, I was…wrong about…that.”
“I—but--do I just…” Tony stammered, taking the dangling chain for lack of anything better to do than just stare at it.  “Just go back home?”
He didn’t sleep. Eventually, the quiet from the workshop gave way to sounds Steve associated with the King’s work, and he felt himself relax with the familiar notes.  He finally pulled back the bedcovers and climbed under them as the fire dimmed in the hearth. Turning on his side, he let his eyes drop closed and sank into the warm softness of the bed, trying not to think, though his mind kept wanting to replay the evening as if it was a bard with a new favorite tale, each thought seemingly punctuated by some plink or clank from the workshop as Tony did whatever it was he felt needed doing at this time of night.  Steve tried to think of ships and raiders, trade guilds and taxes and the problems of kings.  It didn’t quite work, as his mind kept slipping back to other things, but it did prove at least partially successful, as distractions went.
Without further preamble, Tony pushed his finger in to the knuckle, then held it there, letting Steve adjust to the sudden invasion.  Dear God, he was so fucking tight.  Like heat and wet and pressure and seriously, Tony needed to stop thinking ahead and focus on making this good for Steve, but holy hell.
fishing before, but...why not?” Tony replied, the words coming out too quickly, like he was rushing and stumbling over them.
“I brought with me all that I require, but I thank you,” Tony replied smoothly.  “My officers may appreciate the diversion, though. General Rhodes, in
He knew he couldn’t avoid Tony forever.  To begin with, they had that gala coming up, and he’d been so looking forward to an evening with just Tony, but now that seemed like a terrible idea.  More to the point, he didn’t want to avoid Tony, not really.  He just needed a bit of space between them while he figured out how to let this…thing…with Tony go.
Tony huffed out a low laugh and stopped swaying to the music long enough to reach up and press a kiss to Steve’s lips.  “
drunk.  But, is your job pretending to be Captain America?” Tony asked, frowning down at the phone in his hand.  Wow. Talking while drunk was a lot harder than thinking while drunk.  Or, at least, it currently seemed to be. “Because that is way more interesting than strater–strateger–being an analysis.  Anal-yst.  Ha. That’s—I just got that,” Tony added with a laugh. “Has that always been funny? That’s really funny.  Anyway, can you come get me? I’m hungry.”  There, Tony thought triumphantly.  He had communicated the exact information he needed to in a concise and coherent manner.  He was so good at this adulting thing.
“But..why?” Steve asked, a strange, bleak feeling settling in his stomach.
“The check?  I don’t know.  I’m keeping it, though,” Tony said. “Kind of like the endorsement.”
The workshop door hissed open, and Steve stepped through, carrying a white paper bag and looking like someone had ordered a construction worker-gram for Tony’s enjoyment.
“What the fuck!?!” Ty shouted.  He started to get up, jostling Tony to the side as he tried to untangle his legs.  Tony gave one knee a hard shove, and tried to scoot out of the way, but it was like his limbs were buffering or something.  They wouldn’t quite cooperate with what his brain wanted to do, at least not as quickly or as smoothly as Tony thought they should, and Ty’s legs were in the way, making it that much harder.
“See?” Steve replied brightly.  “You’ll have fun.  Meet new people.  You can get to know them, make friends, maybe.”
“That’s it, though.  They aren’t exactly my friends.  I mean, we’re friendly.  Now.  But, I was kind of an ass in the beginning. Not my fault!  Well, not totally my fault,” Tony corrected with a grimace of distaste at the memory.  “There was a lot of things said. Things I didn’t mean.  Or, I did, but not like they sounded and…ugh, it’s just—see, the thing is.  The thing is.  Oh, this is weird.  No, I can’t. Nevermind.  Forget I said anything.”
“Well, I mean, not like
. From night before last, when Tony had let Rhodey take him out and get him drunk. Or possibly the other way around. At any rate, they’d ended up at some strip club just off the main drag, Rhodey insisting he was bored while drinking Tony under the table, and Tony throwing money at whoever happened to walk past. Honestly, strippers were only really interesting because they made Rhodey uncomfortable. Otherwise, it was all just sort of sad and the secondhand embarrassment was usually not worth what little thrill they offered. He thought he might have nodded off, until Rhodey’s elbow in his rib cage got his attention and pointed to the stage.
“Go,” Pepper ordered.
Thanks everyone for reading!  If you enjoyed any of these, the only way I know that is if you leave a comment and/or kudo.  They are writer-food.  Very much appreciated.
“Of course.  Why not?  You must grow bored, cooped up here all the time, with little more than myself and Cam to entertain you. Not that I do not do my part,” Tony winked and bit his lip, nudging his hip into Steve’s thigh.  “I already know you have a good head for the practicalities of war.  I noticed the improvements you made to my own sketches.  I don’t choose that word lightly, either. It is not flattery to say that not many could manage to do that.  I have who I am assured are the University’s best engineers earning Crown gold and a retinue of generals with enough metal on their chests to start their own armory, yet you…you see things, I don’t know…in a different way.”
“You know me so well,” Steve said dryly.  He stood up and paced in a circle, scraping a hand through his hair.  “We did call the police. Went down to the precinct.  Helped some of the folks get better security.”
“I’ll be he did,” Steve said.  “He’s not going to go to the papers with that Restraining Order, Tony.”
“Did you know that Polaris is really two stars? A bright one, brightest in the sky, and a companion star that stays close to it, all the time,” Steve recited in a hushed tone, like he was sharing a secret.  He leaned close and pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead.
,” he thought he might come unglued.  Where was the Steve who baited and goaded Tony and made smart aleck remarks that made people blink at him in confusion while they tried to figure out if Captain America just sassed the shit out of them while Tony grinned like a fool?  This Steve…this Steve did everything carefully, controlled in a way that…well, that his Steve…wait, not his Steve--whatever, point was this Steve was wound tighter than a South Beach face-lift.
“That would leave my King unprotected,” Steve argued.
Tony’s tongue darted out, flicking over Steve’s hole, warm and wet.  Even that contact seemed to light Steve’s entire body on fire, as if all the nerve endings crackled with sensation at once. “Oh!” Steve breathed out in a surprised gasp.
He parted his fingers and looked over at the sketch again.
How many social rituals were built upon the idea of finding your soulmate?  Handshakes, kisses on the cheek, hell most cultures had adapted some greeting that allowed for touch. Just in case.   He'd been accused of everything from snobbery to germaphobia for his refusal to touch people, even to take things from them, but he had long ago tired of a polite ritual that left him unable to stop hoping all the while knowing each touch was going to end in disappointment.
“Really?  If everything you say is true, why haven’t they tried again?  These incredibly powerful, well-connected people, who had the capacity to orchestrate a kidnapping by the Ten Rings in the middle of nowhere Afghanistan have now just, what, turned the other cheek while you play your game of supersecret telephone and hope you catch someone with his hand in the cookie jar?”  Steve snorted derisively.  “You’ve got something they want.  Something that, for some reason, they can’t just kill you to get.  Share-chair’s all yours, Tony,” Steve said, sweeping a hand out in invitation.
“Don’t—forget it, I—“ Tony started, then couldn’t think of what he was.  Horrified came to mind.  Worthless was right up there, too.  “I don’t know what I was thinking.  I wasn’t thinking.  Sorry.  I’m sorry.  I’ll just…I’m going to go.  I have—in the garage.  I have.  To go.”
“I like him, okay?  I like him.  I like him, and he doesn’t like me.  Not the way I like him, anyway.  That’s it.  It’s not a big deal.  Just is what it is,” Tony finally replied, blinking back against the sudden stinging in the corners of his eyes.  He tried to swallow around the lump in his throat, and found he couldn’t, so he coughed to cover it, and glanced quickly at Jarvis, before dropping his eyes back down to the wrench in his hand that he was holding with a white-knuckled grip.
The outside of the carriage was elaborately carved and painted in bright colors, with gilded lilies topping the four points of the roof and the King’s own crest over the back.  Inside, it was even more sumptuous, with soft, cushioned benches on opposite sides, which could be pulled out to form a large bed - should Steve get tired - silk-lined walls, and numerous compartments, many cleverly hidden to allow enough space for the occupants to move around.  A table folded out from under the window opposite the door, then cleverly secured in place again.
That, Steve realized a millisecond after he said it, was entirely the wrong thing to say.
“Not you,” Tony replied with an apologetic look.  “Not this time. There’s something that I...have been thinking for a while that I want to show the Raj’Inama.” He looked over at Steve, a flash of something strained and almost pained darkening his features for a moment.  Steve frowned, a question on his lips “Which I very much hope he will like,” Tony said in a thick, rough voice, his eyes going soft and bright. Steve frowned, a question on his lips, but Tony cut him off before he could ask it. “Now, good night, you two,” Tony finished quickly, turning and walking away before Steve could say anything in return.  “Cam, see that he rests, and there’s a horse in it for you.”
Tearing the unfinished ‘Tony’ off his sketchpad and tossing it to the nearest wastebasket, Steve gathered his charcoals and pencils and carefully placed them back his case and slid it all under the sofa.  When had it happened that his art supplies had a place in Tony’s workshop, Steve wondered.  He’d initially invaded Tony’s space shortly after the events with Bucky.  His own apartment had been shot up, and as it turned out, not quite that homey anymore, what with the bugs and flirty spy neighbors.  Moving into the Tower temporarily had seemed only logical.  He didn’t think logic quite extended to a designated spot for his sketchpad under Tony’s workshop sofa though.  But there it sat, one of the few non-Tony belongings in the entire workshop.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tony replied.  “I—I do want to do this.  Really.”
“I know,” Tony agreed in a voice laced with regret. He looked down and glanced away, staring off into the distance at the mountains for a long moment. “I really must get back to Ross and the rest of them,” Tony sighed, glancing back over at Steve.
a story of another place like this, though.  I found a copy of it translated by the monks at the House of Wisdom. That particular stone circle is apparently lost to the far edges of the Dark Sea, now, in what used to be Vohmyra, but the story remains strong enough that until fairly recently, people there still tied rocks to the feet of goats and, if things got truly bad--crops, weather, sickness--the occasional person, in sacrifice to the stones.”
“So sensitive,” Tony said.  He pecked a kiss on the tip of Steve’s nose. “You’re fantastic.”
“Caesar’s Palace, Happy.  Hurry it up, okay? We’re having a Dr. Phil moment on the street, here, and it’s probably going to end up on YouTube—you better not downvote this,” Tony remarked to the man recording them as he ended the call to Happy and turned back to Steve.  “Seriously?  You drop that on me in front of Toga Party by RuPaul, here?”
“You like the shiny thing, eh?  Well, just hang on there, and I’ll—oh, don’t start—really?” Tony winced, throwing his hands in the air in exasperation as Steve started a shuddering, hitching crying jog that left him red-faced and coughing.  “Okay, fine,” Tony relented with a sigh.  “But, I gotta make you some food.  Food.  You want to eat, right?  Clint said food, and Clint, God help us, is our resident baby expert, so we’re going with what Clint says for now, and no, I can’t believe I said that, either.”  Tony bent down and scooped Steve up, which didn’t quite make the crying stop, but it abated to something more like sniffling breaths that were just waiting for Tony to try that trick of putting him down again.
“You really want to talk about a party with your former roommate right now?” Tony asked incredulously.
Steve had dug into his jacket pocket for a ring of keys, fumbling them a bit as he tried to slide them into the lock.  He grimaced, then bent and set the bag down in front of the door.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Steve insisted as his jaw worked around the words.  Stubborn man, Tony thought, with a surprising surge of affection.
interested in that,” Stane retorted, leaning over and tapping the words out on the edge of the table with one long finger.  “I could help you. Give you a few pointers. Help you figure out what you might call a ‘safe bet.’ I
This was crazy.  He had to stop this.  It wasn’t healthy.  He knew that.  Telling himself again as he stood here halfway between the cabin’s living area and the kitchen with the clock ticking the seconds off worked about as well as it had the past couple of weeks, when his mind would conjure the image of Anthony from his picture, dangling his visage in the forefront of Steve’s mind like bait on a hook.  Steve knew the hook was there, all sharp-pointed teeth, but he couldn’t quite make himself look away.  He should, though.  God knew, he should look away.  It wasn’t about what he wanted.  It was about doing what was right, and bringing some Omega into this shell of a life he had carefully carved out for himself was the height of selfishness and probably a recipe for disaster, no matter what SHIELD said.
“Need your mouth,” Tony panted, the tightness of his voice making Steve open his eyes and look up, even as he wound his tongue around Tony’s cockhead.  “Going to fuck your mouth now.  God. Fuck,” Tony hissed.  “Like that.  Shit, Steve, that’s—” he broke off with a garbled mouth of words that ended up in a long, low moan as Steve took him deeper, letting Tony’s cock glide over his tongue and down into the well of his throat.
“Thanks,” Steve said. He wiped the back of his hand against his lip, though the blood was gone now, he realized.  “I...I fell.”
“Sorry, work. Neverending. One sec,” Tony mumbled under his breath, giving Steve an apologetic smile before he went back to typing.
“Of course not,” Ross nodded with seeming contrition. “That was certainly not my intent, Your Majesty. If I gave offense, my deepest apologies.”
“Celestial navigation,” Steve broke in, making Tony stop and look to the side then back at Steve in confusion.
“Please tell me you didn’t really buy this building,” Steve said with an air of resigned bemusement.
“Oh—oof,” Tony startled, then glanced down as Steve nimbly side-stepped Ty’s prone form and Preston, who was starting to moan and rub at the back of his head in the hallway.  Tony buried his cheek against Steve’s chest and sighed.  This was nice.
, Tony texted.
“This isn’t real,” Tony said, and everything went black.
chose me—me!-- to serve him,’ and then
“You’ll come back to New York between missions, right?” Tony asked.
“Tony,” Steve repeated.  “Please. I want to—”
“It—he’s lost a lot of blood,” Bruce said carefully.  Too carefully.  It was the caution, that beat of hesitation that burned a crater through Tony’s gut. In that second, he thought he might hate Bruce.  Really and truly hate him and his willingness to give in so damn quickly. Tony wanted to rage at him, demand he stop being so fucking careful and just say it.  Say Steve was going to be fine.
For some reason, he thought of Obie, and had to repress a shudder.  Of course, Obie had probably been joking.  They’d known each other Tony’s whole life. It would have been way too weird.  There were professionals who would take an un-Bonded Omega through Heats.   It was highly unusual for a first Heat, since most would be Bonded before that ever happened for just that reason.  Still, as terrible as his Heat had been, he was glad, for once, that his father was enough of a ladder-climber to not want to take anything off the table, even if Tony was well past when he should’ve been Bonded.
“Sandwiches would’ve killed you?” Rhodey asked, shooting Tony a knowing look.
It was quiet in the elevator for a moment, the kind of silence that held the weight of unspoken words.  Tony knew he was going to have to start talking, knew that he needed to try to explain, apologize, something, but this paralyzing certainty seized him that saying anything, acknowledging that any of this was happening, would make this trainwreck of a course one that he couldn’t stop, like it would give it just enough momentum that he wouldn’t be able to get things back on track.
“Thanks,” Steve said.  Tony was probably projecting, but he thought he detected a note of fondness at Tony’s consideration.
Steve laughed, continuing to pack up the containers and clean off the plates, ignoring Tony.  “You can’t just leave it out.  It’ll go bad.  And I don’t mind, really.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied with an easy smile.  Tony could see some of the tension leaking out of Steve’s shoulders, which made the tightness in his own muscles slowly start to ease.  “You’d like their R&D division.  I’ll have to take you for a tour one of these days.”
“Bucky—“ Steve began, but his voice sounded tight and wrong even to his own ears.
“Just Tony, please, it’s making me think I’m on a press tour,” Tony replied, rubbing a hand at the back of his hair.  “Ship’s okay?” he asked looking dubiously at the pile of parts next to the access panel.
“No, not that one.  See, there,” Stone said, stepping behind Tony and pointing an arm up next to the side of Tony’s head.
Tony let out a frustrated puff of air and turned back to his workstation.  The edge of a catalog peeked out from underneath a roll of blueprints and a ream of LIGO data printouts with a few calculations of the black hole masses written in borrowed charcoal pencil on the top, next to the number for pizza delivery and what looked like a splatter of coffee diluting where he’d begun to calculate the photon pressure they’d need to use in order to calibrate the interferometers.  He eased the catalog out from under the stack and flipped through it as nonchalantly as he could manage.
“Dr. Reese, this is Captain Rogers’ Omega, Tony Stark,” Coulson was saying to a short, round man with a tuft of puffy, pale gray hair whoTony instantly dubbed White Coat One, and made him want to ask if he was late for tea.  White Coat One held out a stubby hand in front of him, and Tony instinctively reached for it.
As always, thank you for reading and thank you to my beta, tastes-like-coconut. I realize this is not really the fic for everyone, and that's fine, but hopefully the egg-sperts on the Discord enjoyed it.  Dedicated to all the Discord enablers.
“You want someone from the Corps,” Steve was saying.  “I’ll bet Rhodes can pull someone in for you.  The IRRF is doing most of the funding, but the Corps took over private contract management awhile back,” Steve reminded him.
“Captain Rogers, did you turn down the Medal of Honor because you didn’t want the scrutiny?” another reporter called out from the back of the room.
“Sometimes…sometimes there are dreams,” Steve said quietly.  “I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Alpha,” Tony mumbled through a haze of pleasure.  He was so full.  So very, very full.  He needed Steve to move, but wanted to hold him like this, deep inside him, for a moment longer.  Steve’s hands were making soothing circles on Tony’s cheeks where he held them apart, fingers catching on the garters with each turn.  Tony hummed and rocked back.  Heard Steve give a small huff, almost a chuckle.  That was apparently all the encouragement Steve needed.  He pulled out, almost all the way, leaving just the head of his cock inside Tony’s weeping hole before thrusting all the way back in.  Tony’s whole body canted forward with the force of it.  One of Steve’s hands looped around Tony’s waist and held him as Steve withdrew again and pounded back in.  Again and again, the hot, heady burn of Steve’s cock filled him.
Somehow, Steve did. It was there one moment—the pain, the fear, the confusion, the recrimination—and then gone the next. Or, it felt like that. It gave way, like a chain breaking, and his mind went blessedly free. He felt his body melt into Tony’s motions, conforming itself to them, and yes, yes, that was good. Easy. His body was soft and molten, molding itself to Tony’s use. Tony’s cock slid down his throat like it was made for only that purpose. The hook in his ass pulled and stretched, but he was wide, wide open and ready, and when the balled tip punched against that place deep inside, he shuddered with pleasure as his vision whited.
“I’d also like toast that doesn’t rival the shield for hardness,” Steve huffed against the side of Tony’s head.
Tony let out a frustrated sigh and raised his head to look out the kitchen window, where the pile of firewood still sat unused.  They should make s’mores, Tony thought.  When it turned cooler.  Get one of those old, metal barrels out on the deck and roast marshmallows on the ends of coat hangers.  Wrap up in the blanket from the back of the sofa and watch the stars, while the embers danced into the sky like fireflies.  He thought he had seen that in a movie, once.  Maybe a commercial.  He couldn’t remember.  Fire.  He should hack the Pentagon and dig around some there.  Bet their firewall wasn’t nearly as good as they thought it was.  Anyway, s’mores.  It seemed like a thing they should do. Something couples did, like go to wine tastings and talk about the deplorable state of…roads?  Couple stuff, Tony thought with a shake of his head.  Besides, Steve would like the fire.  Keeping warm like that.  Steve didn’t like the cold.
“There’s a great cheesecake place a few blocks from here.  We could grab slices to go and walk down to the waterfront.  It’s not a long walk on the beach, but you can’t beat the smells of gasoline, fish and garbage to go with your dessert,” Steve suggested with a small, lopsided smile, drawing a light laugh from Tony.
“You live forty blocks away,” Steve reminded Bucky, then looked over at Sam and Thor.  “And you two don’t even live in the city.”
Well. That was a non-sequiter.
“Hey,” Steve called out as he approached Tony’s side.  Tony didn’t say anything, but slowed and let Steve reach for his hand, though the earlier easy looseness with which Tony seemed to melt into his side after dinner was gone.
Tony’s hand dropped from Steve’s nipple down to his cock and wrapped around it where it stood proudly between Steve’s legs. “I’ll bet you could come just from me talking about it, couldn’t you?” he asked, wonder lacing his voice.
“The water,” Steve said simply.
Why had Steve even chosen him? Well, that answer was probably obvious, since taking on Tony came with a hell of a compensation package.
Howard was an expert at playing on insecurities, and he and Steve both served their own up on silver platters. We believed it because we both already half-believed it, Tony realized. We did most of Howard's work for him, Tony thought with a sinking maw of realization opening up in his stomach.
Or, you know, maybe his Alpha was just zonked out and was more of a morning sex kind of guy, who the fuck knew? God, he hated this not knowing. He could just ask, but the idea of asking for that seemed like the height of self-inflicted stupidity, and as bad as the uncertainty was, he couldn't quite bring himself to go knock on Steve's door and find out.
“Yeah, okay, fine, I should’ve told you.  There were a few things you left out, too, there, Cap,” Tony shot back.  Dammit.   He could practically feel the defensiveness snake up his spine.  He put the plates and bottles down on the counter, then turned back to Steve, who was watching him warily, eyes darting around the room then back to Tony, body poised like he was at the starting gate of a race.  Steve was going to walk away from this, Tony realized.  He already had, once.  And Tony was going to have to watch him and pretend to want him to be happy with someone else.  He looked over at where the Cezanne had been, then down to the new toaster, and back up at Steve.  I made him happy, he thought.  For a few days, I made him happy.
Apparently, a lot.
“Perhaps it is a fine fur he does not wish to part with. I knew an Omega once who had an entire bear pelt she wore like a cloak with its teeth over her head. Who would wish to leave that behind? Or a nice bowl,” Bucky suggested as they walked. “My mother loved her grinding bowl.”
It was, in Tony’s own way, a hand of peace extended between them, if Steve would take it, he knew. He’s trying so hard to fix what he sees as broken, Steve thought to himself. He does not see that it can’t be fixed. Only torn down.
His gaze lingered on Tony a moment, before slipping away down the hall at the sound of raised voices.  Obie was trying to talk about something to do with the stock, but Howard was on some tired tangent about the time he invested in a production company, made a terrible movie and built a UAV camera that eventually ended up in some military drones.  Tony remembered fiddling around with it, trying to make a movie about the garden gnomes until one of them pulled a Humpty-Dumpty.  Tony had heard the story a dozen times, but Howard liked to remind everyone that even his failures weren’t really failures.  Just genius that had yet to be recognized.  Tony wanted to throw something at his head.  Preferably a camera.
The camera blurred as it swung to the side and two wet heads peeked up out of the dark water, one with a streak of white down her pale nose.
Tony rolled to the side and collapsed next to Steve on the bed, breathing heavily. “Remind me why we haven’t done that before,” Tony managed after a few minutes.
,” Steve silently responded.  He kept his eyes on the ridge of mountains in front of him.  At night, out here, away from the city lights, it looked a bit to Steve like if you walked up to the top of that farthest mountain, you could reach up and touch one of the low-hanging stars.  Not really, of course. That was impossible. It was one of those other things Steve liked to think about that weren’t real, though.
“I got you a bus pass!  Those are non-refundable, you know,” she protested with a laugh.  “Happy should be pleased.  He was sure you’d be mugged.”
It was Jarvis who answered the door, of course.  On the first knock, too.  Probably had an ear plastered to one side of door, Tony figured, smiling up at the familiar face.
“Yes,” the man said slowly. “Yes, that’s true. I married Tony Stark.”
--with my thanks for your assistance tonight and my apologies for taking you away from your party.  Obie always goes to excess when he has guests, and I’m sure you had your heart set on some leftovers, but this way, no clean up. So even better, yes?”
“Why—why would you—why?” Steve demanded. A tumble of emotions coursed through him. He couldn’t seem to latch on to which one to feel. In his head, he kept replaying images from Room Six, over and over, rewind and fast-forward, and his heart kept up the same drumbeat—
Tony would have
“You really want to know?” Steve asked somewhat dubiously.
“Yours,” Tony said in a deep, throaty voice that barely sounded like his own.  He looked up at Steve.  Licked his lips. “Yours.  Please,” he said.  “Alpha.
“Excuse me?” Steve laughed incredulously, brows drawing together in confusion.
“I trust you slept well,” Tony replied. There was a knowing, pleased gleam in his eye as he watched Steve stretch, testing his muscles after the day before.
. It could be. It could be and for now, that possibility was enough to leave a goofy grin on his face.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked softly.  He heard Tony let out a long sigh, then felt the bed shift as Tony rolled over and rested his chin on Steve’s chest.
Okay, surely someone in the defense industry other than Tony was doing something beyond just building a better bomb, he mentally amended.  It wasn’t like he could really walk in and apply at SI.  Hey, remember me?  The guy from Vegas?  We had amazing sex, and I’d like a job, if you have any openings?  Yeah, no.
Tony looked down at him for a long moment, long enough that Steve had nearly drifted off, and almost didn’t catch the words Tony spoke as he turned away and looked at the fire.
“Dugan got pneumonia.  You took him to the convent,” Tony said with a sudden jerk of his hips.  He buried his head into Steve’s chest, digging his forehead in.  His mouth was wet. Sloppy.  He didn’t care.  He pressed a wet kiss to Steve’s breastbone.  There had once been a scar there, bisecting Steve’s chest, though it was long gone.  If Tony closed his eyes, he could still see it, red and blistered with the skin stretched too tightly.
“Oh, I like him,” Tony said gleefully, clapping his hands together.
Tony looked around the room.  It was theoretically possible that his kind of people were basically total dicks.
“Bet SI contributes to a lot of campaigns,” Steve replied.  “But, to know enough about a judge to know you can go to him with something like that?  That’s a bit beyond a political favor.”
“Of course!  Of course, you’re right.  This is brilliant, Captain, just brilliant!  People will really be able to relate to an everyday person,” and Steve had to stop himself from asking her if she’d actually met Tony Stark, “who becomes a superhero,” she finished, nodding to emphasize her agreement.  Steve smiled in return and then she was just blinking at him. Tony would be rolling his eyes.
No worries, Mom.  I come with a very fashion-forward accessory.  Gee, I hope my weapons manufacturing company doesn’t make my butt look big, Tony thought with a snort.
“The usual fruit basket and shoes then,” JARVIS responded.
“Doesn’t seem quite solved, but if your Board is looking for cover to move away from their entrenchment, then you can give them that,” Steve suggested.  “A voice of dissent is good.  You need that. We all do. But, if it’s one person who can’t move away from how you’ve always done things, then they’re looking after a way of life that’s already over, not protecting the company.  You’re talking about an uphill battle, but you’ve already innovated your own high ground, you’re just too busy defending it to notice.  Napoleon attacked from the high ground, you know.  And lots of people like jelly on their bagels, Tony.  It’s a thing.”
“Nat? Clint?” Steve echoed, pushing himself off the couch.  “What’s going on? What is this?”
“I knew it,” Steve huffed out, dropping the menu and glaring at Tony. “You’re having a go at me,” Steve accused, though there wasn’t any real malice behind it, a lopsided smile tugging at the corner of his mouth already as he shook his head back and forth.
“I like most everything about you,” Tony admitted.  He leaned in to Steve’s chest with a sigh, letting Steve continue to bathe him.   After a while, Steve nudged at Tony to turn, then worked the lather into Tony’s hair with firm fingers.  It felt good. Taking care of Tony like this, Steve thought, as he massaged his hands into Tony’s scalp.  Tony always took care of him, and he liked that, too.  Almost immeasurably so. But, this…this was nice, too, he thought, feeling Tony go soft and pliant under his hands.  He wondered if this was something of what Tony felt when Steve let himself go and just gave himself over to Tony.  This feeling of—he wasn’t even sure how to describe it.  Immense responsibility coupled with incredible pride that he could.
, Steve. And damn me, too, I suppose.  I am damned with you, now, and so be it.  You see? Not enough. My lot in life. But, we are bound together, and nothing will change that, no matter what comes of it. We will love each other or destroy each other, maybe both, but it will always be us.  Together,” he spat out, all vitriol and bitterness. “
Slowly, he reached out and wrapped his fingers around the hard shell, drawing it to his chest.  He opened his fist and stared down at it for a moment.  Such a tiny, innocuous-looking thing to hold so much.  Possibility.  Potential.  Hope.  God, so much hope.
“Are we investing in pharmaceuticals now?” Pepper asked, arching a brow.
”  He let out what even he could admit was a somewhat unmanly yelp of surprise, and his mouth fell open in shock.  His stomach swooped, and his heart started knocking against his chest so loudly he could swear it reverberated into the room.
He wondered what Clint would think of it, high up as it was and offering such an incredible vantage.  He wondered if he would ever get to tell Clint about it, or if this whole plan was doomed to failure. He wondered which outcome he really wanted, though he didn’t let himself try to answer that question.  He had been asking the wrong questions for a long time, and he was done with that now. His decision had been cast a long time ago, really. It just took him awhile to realize it.
“Grab your laptop. I’ll give you the nickel tour,” Tony offered.  Steve ducked back inside his apartment and came back with the computer clutched to his chest.  Tony ushered him into his apartment and quickly cleared space on the futon for Steve to sit.  “Here,” Tony said, patting the now empty spot next to him.  “Boot HAL up, and let’s see what we have.”
“I—I don’t want to
Right.  Right, of course. Right, Tony’s mind stuttered.
me that, Tony,” Steve reminded him, though he didn’t sound particularly off-put by it.
This was for him to use, and yeah, he liked that. He supposed Tony might know him a bit better than he knew himself, because, God, yes, the idea of fucking this hole until it was filled and leaking and sloppy with it… that someone would let him, would want him to do that, would put themselves in his hands like that… yeah. Yeah, he liked that a lot.
Huge thank you to the folks on our Stony Imzy community with their help on an early version of this chapter.  Much appreciated!
“The world trembles at the thought,” Tony conceded with a deferential nod.  “I, ah.  I might have mentioned something to Steve.  About the yelling and all,” Tony admitted, catching her glance and forcing himself not to look away.   “No one does puppy-eyed guilt-tripping quite like Steve, trust me,” Tony finished with a shrug.  He wasn’t going to ask.  Was not.  Was not. Was—“Steve come with them?” he heard himself say, then winced and turned back around on the stool to look at the screensaver wave patterns of light across the monitor, which was easier to stare at than the flash of sympathy that lit Pepper’s face.
“Right, right, but see? He knows the drill. He’s even got a God-damned form for it. Guy like that, he’s probably done this kind of thing hundreds of times,” Brock pointed out.
“You give me the finest gift in all the world, my dearest one,” Tony said in low, husky voice.   “Would that I could match it with what you want of me.  Perhaps one day,” he said tightly, looking away.  “Perhaps it will be different.”
Tony groaned and forced himself up, bracing himself on wobbly hands on either side of Steve’s chest.  Steve was breathing deeply, but evenly, and he looked an utterly debauched wreck, his hair sticking to his head, bottom lip red from where he’d bitten it at some point and chest covered in his own come.  God, it was a glorious day to be alive, Tony thought.
“Tony makes very good things,” Steve agreed.  He hefted his pack onto his shoulders and bent down to pick up the spear that wasn’t broken.  “Ready to go?”
That was probably the one thing he couldn’t do.  Maybe they had known it. Bruce, at least. Steve thought there had been a moment just as he stepped onto the platform when Bruce had looked at him and understood.  Because Bruce would be ready to stop trying soon, to start trying to adjust, to live with it, and Steve couldn’t. Wouldn’t. And they both knew it, and saw the moment when they parted ways on the horizon, inching closer, and neither of them able to do anything to stop it.
“Now, Ana,” Maria began with the air of someone who had heard these objections before.
Tony nearly dropped the plate, ending up having to catch a spiral sandwich with the side of the tongs before it rolled off the edge.  He turned and headed for the ballroom doors, cutting through the crowd so fast he almost crashed into Coulson, who opened his mouth to say something, but whatever it was ended up lost to the music and buzz of the crowd as Tony rushed past him.
Or, it wasn’t just a quote.  It was Tony’s don’t-get-too-close-I’m-easily-broken way of seeing if Steve could maybe see him the way he painted him for real.  Brash and beautiful and trying to be become something new.
“Yeah,” Steve said as the car bounced down the drive.  “Yeah, I—sorry.  I’m…sorry, Tony.  I don’t mean to be…” Steve trailed off with a frustrated sigh, waving a hand in the air in front of him.
