Sherlock complies, working his tongue around the top half of John’s cock, sucking and licking in earnest now that he has a more manageable portion to deal with.  His uninjured hand comes back to stroke the rest of John’s cock that isn’t in his mouth.  John’s head falls back against the back of his chair, eyes squeezed shut.  He can feel his orgasm building up inside of him, a dull ache from days of getting no release, from an entire evening of being teased, from hours of being aroused, ever since he first got home and saw his gorgeous little lover.
John looks up at Sherlock, where he is standing in between the man’s knees.  The flannel Mrs. Hudson gave them is wet with water and stained with blood in his large hands.  “Because he was harassing you, Sherlock.”
John decides to push his luck.  “What would make it a better apology?” he asks, stepping closer to Sherlock.
“We’ll have to tell her that we can hear everything she says over the monitor,” John gasped out, clutching at his side as a particularly un-Mrs. Hudson-like word rang out over the speaker.
“You,” Sherlock says, moving again, pushing himself back on John’s cock with tired huffs of breath.  He is winded and flushed, with his eyes shining brightly and his curls damp with sweat.  John grows closer to orgasm just looking at him like this, fucked out and still riding his cock like something insatiable.  “Now you.”
week.  If his information was correct, he gathered that about half of the women who felt nauseated during their first trimester tended to find complete relief by about 14 weeks, and doctors expected the same for most men.  For the rest, all the websites said that it would take about another month or so for the queasiness to ease up.
“That explains the stupid as well, then,” he retorted. “Not enough blood getting to your brain. If I were you, I’d think of maybe switching to veterinary medicine. Med school drop outs don’t make very good nurses, either.”
As he stands there in front of her, in the kitchen that they have shared for little less than a year, the kitchen where he had taken Sherlock not so very long ago, he realises that it doesn’t matter any longer.  Nothing that he says to Mary matters, and neither does anything that she says back, because he is leaving tonight.  Leaving with Sherlock, leaving to a place where they won’t have to hide anymore, leaving to a place where nothing can reach them.
“You don’t want to shower?” John asks a little sceptically.  He bends back down over Sherlock and lets his hands wander where his eyes went earlier, picking crusting bits of dough out of the ends of his curls.  “But you’ve got dough in your hair and chocolate smeared all over your face.”  He tries to pull some more of the drying, crusting dough out of Sherlock’s curls and smiles down at him.
Looking down at one edge of the table, he saw that there were still a few hypodermic needles and scalpels that had survived Sherlock’s assault and he quickly grabbed them all up, not even bothering to be careful and not cut or prick himself.  Taking his loot, he made his way heavily back to the living room and twirled on his heel to face the yellow spray painted smiley face which he drawn years ago on Mrs. Hudson’s wall.  The bullet holes were still there—he or John had never bothered to fix that—and the wallpaper was peeling away from its backing along some of the entry points.  Other various sized holes surrounded the face and the bullet marks, but the drawing still continued to smile benignly back at Sherlock, even after all of these years.
that,” he stressed, giving John a look as if he were desperate for the blonde to understand him.  “But I just…hate the way he doesn’t seem to notice you anymore.  I just think you deserve better is all.  I’m not purposefully trying to hurt him; I care about him, I really do.  But sometimes he just hurts the people around him, and he doesn’t even see it.”  Greg’s look turned soft as it rested on John, dark eyes deep and comforting.  “And I can’t stand the thought of you living the rest of your life like that.”
“Oi!” John says in mock hurt but Sherlock simply groans into his mouth, hands coming up to pinch at John’s nipples through his vest and unbuttoned shirt.
“Your hair now, baby boy,” John whispers, voice cracking under all of the emotion suddenly weighing it down.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right, in a way,” he concedes.  “Submitting to you and letting you take over when we’re in bed does tend to quiet my brain a bit.  It doesn’t always shut it off completely, but it helps slow it down.”  And now it is his turn to pause, to search for the right words.  He wants to properly explain it to John, to let him know exactly how John helps him.  “When you tell me what to do, when you talk to me, I don’t have to think about it so much.  I can just sort of let it happen.  You ease me into it.  It’s,” he searches for a way to describe it, straining to find the perfect word.  “Wonderful,” he finishes lamely, for lack of a better description.
“I’ll…” the words stick in his mouth and he has to clear his throat before he can get them out again.  “I’ll see you back at school in a week or two, Sherlock.  If you need anything—anything at all—just ring me.  Whatever it is, whatever the time, I’ll help you.  Always.”  And before he can think better of it, he quickly gets into his car and turns it on, pulling away and decidedly
When John and Sherlock first moved to London after John left his wife, John had been sure to keep Mycroft informed of where Sherlock was, in order to ensure that the teen’s education and finances were taken care of.  This, though, meant that Mycroft now felt it was his duty to look in on his brother—even though he hadn’t felt it was his duty back when Sherlock was growing up in a neglectful home—despite the fact that John was now in Sherlock’s life, taking care of him.
“Don’t patronise me, John,” Sherlock mumbles into John’s shirt as his face presses against the man’s chest, and John can almost hear the scowl.
He pulls Sherlock away from Speedy’s and down the pavement, away from the bright blue eyes that are still watching them.  John is sure to keep his hand loose around his lover’s elbow in case Sherlock wants to pull his arm away, but Sherlock just lets John hold on to him, staying close by the man.
John’s breath hitches at the love and trust in Sherlock’s voice, and he pushes Sherlock’s leg back, hooking it over his shoulder so that he can thrust inside of him more fully.  At the deeper penetration, they both gasp.  Sherlock’s back arches sharply, trying to take more of John inside of him.  At the overwhelming sensation, John’s hands leave Sherlock’s cock and try to grasp desperately at the bedsheets, at Sherlock’s hips, at anything to try to ground himself.  Eventually one of John’s hand finds Sherlock’s own by his curly hair, and their fingers entwine tightly.
Sherlock gives her a sharp smile and then takes off up the stairs, a ball of boundless, youthful energy.  John is left at the bottom of the steps for an awkward moment, not sure what to do, staring uncomfortably at a woman who may or may not be all right with the fact that he is buggering a sixteen year old boy.
For a moment John is confused because the sentence is just so blunt, not prefaced by anything.  “What?” he asks, sitting down heavily in the booth seat across from the brunet, the bench pushed flush against the corner of the wall so that it is practically blocking him in on his right side.
“I know, Greg,” John said, taking a moment to compose himself again.  He brought a shaky hand up to wipe at his mouth, surprised that he could still feel the imprint of Greg’s lips on his own.  He tugged at the collar of his jacket, straightening his black and gray plaid shirt underneath his coat, trying to keep his hands busy and his eyes from Lestrade’s face.
“I just need your loo for a few minutes,” John explains patiently.  “It won’t be long, trust me.  That was…what you did was…amazing,” he says, stumbling over his own words.  “It was beautiful.
John stood still for a moment, unsure of what to do.  And then he shrugged awkwardly, deciding that he had already put his foot in his mouth and he might as well go all in now.  “Sure, why not?  It’s a win-win situation for me,” he explained, his blush deepening.  “I get to prove that I’m right, and I get sex.  How could I possibly refuse that?”
“I, er, haven’t really thought much about…” Sherlock mumbled, slightly embarrassed by the truth of his own words.  He had been so preoccupied with the pregnancy lately and everything that was happening with the anti-Synaths and Lestrade that the thought of what was going to happen at the end of the 40 weeks had completely slipped his mind.
He growls and thrusts into Sherlock, pressing him into the bed harshly, pounding into him.  His hands on Sherlock’s hips make fluttering trails from Sherlock’s plump arse cheeks up to his back, then to his shoulders, and finally up to his neck.  John wants to grab Sherlock, spread him open, pin him down, but he doesn’t have enough fucking hands for everything he wants to do to him.  Not unless…
He could feel himself getting hard just from the situation, the first stirrings of arousal as they had kissed earlier were a simmering heat low in his belly, but when Sherlock maneuvered himself down John’s body and gripped his cock the doctor began to fill out in earnest.
He pulls his fingers out of the tight passage with a strange squelching noise from the lubricant and stares in wonder as Sherlock’s hole gapes obscenely for a moment before closing in on itself slowly.  The skin around Sherlock’s entrance is no longer shiny and slick—John has been fingering him for so long that the lubricant has all but disappeared and will have to be reapplied.  John does so quickly, spreading cool wetness all around Sherlock’s arsehole and wiping the excess off on his own throbbing prick.
“Mr. Holmes?” a nervous voice called out, and Sherlock looked up to see an anxious-looking, mousy nurse standing before him.  “The doctor will see you now.”
“I know who ‘Greg’ is John,” Sherlock suddenly snapped out, his thick, dark eyebrows coming together in a frown. “I just didn’t realize you were on a first name basis with him.”
The words that come out of his mouth after such an intimate moment shared between them taste heavy and bitter on his tongue, like ash choking him.  He doesn’t want to say it—doesn’t want to bring it up, doesn’t want to ever talk about what just happened, what he did—but he knows he can’t hide from it.  He isn’t a coward, and he isn’t a man who runs away from problems, so he takes a breath and squares his shoulders, but he can’t seem to look his teenage lover in the eye when he whispers, “I’ll stop, Sherlock.”
John looks up at her for the first time since he sat down to have dinner with her.  She is subtly avoiding his glance and paying too much attention to her food, but other than that she looks perfectly composed.  If John wasn’t so used to being lied to for the majority of their relationship, he might not even notice something is amiss.
“Oh my God,” John whispers, bending forward and placing reverent hands on Sherlock’s hips, whether it’s to steady Sherlock or himself, he isn’t sure.  “Look at you.  So beautiful.  How can you possibly be real?”
God, he is so stupid.  What was he thinking, buying this for the teen?  Why did he ever think that this was a good idea?  He’s an idiot.  An idiot who has just embarrassed himself in the most humiliating way possible.  He should never have—
John knows it’s pointless to lie, so he doesn’t bother.  “Well, yeah,” he confesses, and he tries not to fidget in his chair.  “I had kind of gotten used to the smell, but she noticed that I’ve been coming home reeking of cigarette smoke.  I had to lie to her and say that Mike started up again.”
John smiles and reaches out to brush Sherlock’s fringe off of his forehead, so that John can see him better.  “That’s good, baby,” he says.  “Because I like doing it, too.  And not just when we are having sex.  I like taking care of you during other times, too.  I like making sure you eat and sleep.  I like washing you and making sure your homework is done.  I like that you trust me enough to make sure all of those things are done for you.  I like that you trust me to keep you out of trouble.  It feels nice, and good, and right.  And you certainly need a lot of taking care of, which happens to be perfect for us because I don’t mind taking care of you one bit.  I’d be thrilled to have the chance to do it more often.  You don’t always give in so easily, you know,” he says with a sly smile thrown Sherlock’s way.  “And I feel like adding this to our relationship would definitely help in my favour,” he finishes with a chuckle.
His eyes fell on Sherlock after a moment, finding him even through all of the people around.  He was standing alone, off to one side of the crowd, but as close to the barricades that the police officers had put up as he could get.  His head was tilted back as he watched the flames dance along the top of the building, consuming everything now, and his arms were sitting slackly against his sides, one hand still gripping onto a half gallon of milk ridiculously.
When John walks into their sitting room, he can see that Sherlock has indeed moved their coffee table out of the way to make room for himself to sit on the floor, bent over a blank piece of paper that he nicked from John’s desk drawer (Sherlock doesn’t keep any paper in his own drawer in the desk because he just takes John’s all the time).  John watches in silent curiosity, leaning against the doorjamb to the kitchen, as Sherlock produces one of his crayons.  On the top of the page he writes “Daddy’s rules, as stated by Sherlock” in big green letters.
He wants to tell Sherlock that it shouldn’t matter what other people think of the teen; the only thing that should matter is what John thinks of him, what John wants from him.  But John knows these thoughts are more than a bit not good.  He isn’t the only thing in Sherlock’s life, and the fact that he wants to be—that he feels this all-consuming
From underneath the small, blue hospital-issue cap, Sherlock could see a shock of dark hair peeking out in curly little tendrils all around his head.  His eyebrows, too, were dark colored.  He was tiny.  Far too tiny for Sherlock’s liking.  Yet his breathing was unlabored and Sherlock knew that the doctors would not allow the infant out of the NICU if there were any major health concerns.
“You can be sorry all you want, young man, but you still have to clean up your mess,” he tells Sherlock matter-of-factly.  “Go on.  Clean it up.”
He wants this to be slow and gentle and comfortable.  He wants them to be lying in his bed, Sherlock spread out on his sheets with John above him, covering him, protecting him.
“Er,” John says eloquently, frowning and shaking his head because he thinks Sherlock may be taking the piss, “if this is weird for you, we don’t have to—”
,” he said harshly, enunciating the words so that maybe they would sink into Sherlock’s thick skull a little better. “You are perfectly fine. Every woman goes through the exact same things that you are going through, and they all live. So save the drama, Sherlock—I’ve had quite enough for today.”
“Because they remind me that the past is real,” he finally answers Sherlock, voice quiet in the stillness of the bedroom.  “I’ve learned something from each one of them.  Every lesson, every battle, forms a new scar.  When I look at them, I see how far I’ve come.  I never thought I’d make it here, Sherlock, to this point in my life.  To you.”  He turns his head to look down at the boy, placing a kiss on Sherlock’s smooth forehead.  “You’re right.  What you said earlier, I mean.  My scars
that he has to buy it for Sherlock.  He doesn’t know why—there is just something about it that screams at John that his young lover will adore it.
Sherlock hums happily and lifts his head from John’s thigh, moving back to mouth along John’s cock, licking wet stripes up and down it.  “Would you leave her, if I asked you to?” he wonders, looking up at John from his knees.  Sherlock’s eyes are wide and his mouth hangs open at the end of his sentence, his tongue caressing the underside of John’s cock as he talks.
From across the room there is the abrupt sound of a metal crash and a sharp gasp.  John looks up quickly to see Sherlock crouched on the floor in the middle of the sitting room, arm held on his thighs with his palm facing upwards, blood dripping steadily down his hands and staining his lap.
“Thank you!” Sherlock says with a grin of delight as he tears into the sweet wrapper while John looks on, laughing.
John’s own hand comes out to grab Sherlock’s wrist, stopping him from touching the man’s body, from making contact with him, his gun-calloused grip hard around Sherlock’s slender wrist.  “Drinking,” John clarifies, but doesn’t say anything more.
Sherlock goes to John and strips before him, efficiently, hastily.  He sees John’s eyes travel down his lean body and stare openly at his semi-aroused cock.  The edge of John’s lips quirk up into a devilish smile and Sherlock knows that he is lost.
The doctor cleans Sherlock up methodically, wiping up blood to expose the lacerations underneath.  Sherlock’s bottom lip is split rather badly but nothing that will require stitches.  His nose has long since stopped bleeding so the doctor needs only to wipe it clean and flush it.  Once the man has washed and bandaged all of the scrapes Sherlock is taken to get x-rays of his face, arms, torso and legs.  He holds tight to John the entire time he is cleaned up and as he is taken to the x-ray room, only letting go when the technician operating the machine makes John leave so that they can complete the scan.  But afterwards Sherlock clings to him again, and John can’t help hugging Sherlock back tightly, crushing the child to him as if that alone will protect Sherlock from whatever it is that has happened to him.  When the nurses let them back into their examination room, the teen sits on the uncomfortable bed and John settles in next to him, wanting to stay close.  Sherlock’s head falls to John’s shoulder and John’s arm wraps around his thin frame carefully.
, John thinks, trying simultaneously not to laugh and also not let his awe for Sherlock’s deviousness show through.  “So that’s it, is it?” John asks, staring at the little devil from across his pillow.  “You’re giving me rules now and I’m to follow them?  I’ve behaved so badly that you can’t trust me on my own anymore?”  He is trying not to smile, he really is—he knows that Sherlock is being very serious about this whole thing—but he just can’t help it.  It all seems so silly.
That is all he has allowed himself, though.  He has yet to touch Sherlock other than to kiss him, and he hasn’t even undressed in front of him.  Instead, John still takes himself to the loo after every time he makes Sherlock toss off in front of him.
“Amniotic fluid will begin to collect around the blastocyst in the cavity that will become the amniotic sac. This fluid is meant to cushion the baby in the weeks and months ahead. For the first few weeks, the blastocyst will be receiving oxygen and nutrients—and discarding waste products—through a primitive circulation system made up of microscopic tunnels that connect the developing baby to the blood vessels in the wall of your appendix. The placenta won't be developed enough to take over this task until the next few weeks.  This early on, the primitive placenta is made up of two layers,” he was talking with his hands now, holding phantom organs in between his fingers and moving them up, down and around, as if he could show Sherlock just exactly what was happening in his body at the moment.  “Its cells are tunneling into the lining of your appendix, creating spaces for your blood to flow so that the developing placenta will be able to provide nutrients and oxygen to your growing baby when it starts to function at the end of the fourth week of your pregnancy.  If you are pregnant now, the amniotic sac should be growing in the next few days.  This sac will house your baby.  Also to come soon will be the amniotic fluid, which will cushion her as she grows, and the yolk sac, which will produce your baby's red blood cells and help deliver nutrients to her until the placenta has developed and is ready to take over this duty.”
answer was clipped and the tone of his voice had lost all emotion, indicating that John was closing something off from Sherlock. But the brunette couldn’t think of what it might be for the life of him.
“Jesus, Sherlock, you’re only supposed to wear one at a time, you know!” he says sternly as he looks at the three squares on Sherlock’s pale skin in horror.  He suddenly doesn’t have the slightest clue about what he is going to do with this boy.  Sherlock Holmes is going to be the death of him, John is sure.
“Let’s just…get on with the case,” the doctor said wearily, running a hand through his short hair once again.
“Well, that was…” John says, at a loss and embarrassed about his lack of self-control.  They had been trying to eat breakfast for Christ’s sake, he thinks as he brings a hand up to rub through the sweaty hair at the nape of his neck.
Is it the opposite end of the spectrum, then?  If John enjoys the “daddy” aspect of the daddy kink, does that leave Sherlock as the one who enjoys being taken care of, being nurtured and praised and punished?  Given rules to follow and consequences to deal with?  Being loved unconditionally by a figure of authority, given a feeling of safety and comfort and guidance?
“All right, baby boy,” John says, the words catching in this throat as he strokes Sherlock’s back.  “If this is what you want, then I’ll give it to you.”  Because John will always give Sherlock whatever he asks for.  Without hesitation.
“Yes,” Sherlock gasps as one of his hands comes around to stroke his teacher through the front of the man’s trousers.  “
John is shocked by the question coming from the boy’s mouth.  It feels like being punched in the stomach.  “Sorry, what?”
“Shh, love, it’s okay,” John soothes softly, moving back up the bed to align his body with Sherlock’s, wrapping a comforting arm around him.  He lays with Sherlock like that for a long while, neither man talking, while Sherlock’s breathing returns to normal and the too-sharp ache of disappointment and useless arousal in his chest and his groin lessen.  Sherlock wants to just curl into John, relax into the man’s warmth and security, but he feels disgusted with himself, and so he stays where he is.  He doesn’t deserve John’s comfort right now.  Not when he can’t give John anything in return.
John chuckled slightly as he led Sherlock over to the table that had been pushed against one wall of the drawing room, where there was a mound of presents all wrapped neatly in colorful paper and gift bags.
Instead of writing it down, though, Sherlock does nothing but stare at him blankly for a moment, almost as if he is confused by John’s rule.  “I don’t do that,” Sherlock says, turning away, but his voice is quiet and he won’t look John in the eye anymore.
John shakes his head frantically, and when he speaks his voice is breathless.  “I don’t know what you mean—”
John’s heart stutters in his chest as he stares down at the adolescent.  Sherlock looks incredibly young right now, with his skinny body completely covered by the duvet and only his thin face peeking out from the top of the sheets.  John can’t possibly tell him no.
John cringed visibly.  He didn’t even want to think about all of the hassle the brunette man had given Mrs. Hudson when he was her tenant—bullet holes in the walls and sulphiric acid eating away at her floors, leaving messes in areas of the building that hadn’t even belonged to them, as if he owned the place.
John thinks it’s a bit strange that he doesn’t ask to be taken home but doesn’t comment on it.  He only says, “It may be a while before the rain clears up.”
The light steps treading on the rickety old wooden staircase up to his flat were not John’s, and so Sherlock made no movement to meet his unwanted guest as they made their way to his door.  His brother’s secretary was not put off by his impoliteness or his rude remarks as she led him down the stairs, out onto the street and into the luxury sedan that was parked by the curb.  They didn’t speak on the trip to his brother’s home, and they were both fine with that.  They had never had much to say to each other in the first place.
“We’re going to be just as miserable here as we were in London,” Mary explains, a frown marring her thin face.  “I hate this place.  I didn’t want to move here.  Just because we had a good first day of work doesn’t mean that everything is going to be magically sorted.”
“How would you like to celebrate with a little pregnancy sex?” John asked, his mouth parting from Sherlock’s to explore the brunette’s neck.
John swallows it all and pulls away from Sherlock.  He wipes the back of his hand across his mouth with a low growl and immediately moves up Sherlock’s body, not even giving the other male a moment to recover.  John doesn’t care.  He wants Sherlock so desperately, wants to fuck him, wants to claim him.  He hates that there was someone else, someone new, in Sherlock’s life today.  John wants to eradicate all thoughts of other people from Sherlock’s memory.  There should only be John.
John’s cock instantly hardens as he looks at the picture, filling out so fast that it leaves John momentarily dizzy with the loss of blood to his brain.
They decide to head out immediately after Bill’s departure, but John feels the very strong urge to piss after the couple of pints he drank.  He tells Sherlock to wait for him while he uses the loo and he leaves the boy alone at the table as he heads off in search of the toilets.  He is gone for only a couple of minutes, but when he comes back out his gaze goes to the table where he had left Sherlock.  He stops short when he doesn’t see Sherlock there.  A panic immediately grips him and he searches the pub, not having to look far—Sherlock is standing against the wall right by their table, back pressed up to it and Bill Murray crowding into him from the front, intimately close.  As John watches them, Bill ducks down so that his face is almost pressed against the side of Sherlock’s neck and moves in even closer.
John makes a small sound of surprise and tries to pull away from the boy, but Sherlock bends John’s wrist backwards sharply and the noise that John makes next is one of pain.  It takes his brain a few moments to comprehend what is happening because he never expected it in a million years.  He was a trauma surgeon, he was a soldier, he was a field medic, he went to
“Did you ever stop to think that you have forced him on you?  Chained him to you?  Like a dog, Sherlock.  That is what you have made him into now.  Your perfect little pet.”
Beside him Sherlock just huffs, crossing him arms over his chest.  “You’re absolutely no fun at all, John.”
He hadn’t said anything to John about it, though, and the doctor hadn’t even noticed that one of his hand guns had gone missing in the mess of the fireproof safe that Sherlock had turned it into, with piles of notebooks and all of his pregnancy-related papers shoved carelessly into the small metal box.
nice square face Tag Heuer that Mary had gotten him for his birthday last year with diamond-tipped hour indexes, a stainless steel buckle, and a black leather strap which matched his donkey jacket perfectly.  He hates that he has to let it go, but there really is nothing else for it.  Then he goes about methodically cutting up his credit cards before binning them, too, along with his wallet.  He sighs when he does it, thinking of the hassle he is going to have to go through to get all of his bank cards and his driver’s license reissued, but he can’t think of any other excuse for losing his wedding ring and his mobile.
And Bridget was off like a dash, pulling Sherlock to every corner of the shop to show him merchandise and tell him about the many things they would be needing for the baby.
But John would be lying if he said that it wasn’t flattering to have someone pay him attention again.  He would be lying if he said that it wasn’t nice to know that he was still interesting enough for someone to want to have a conversation with, for someone to want to spend time around.
He settles back in bed, on his side this time, and moves Sherlock about until he is spooning the younger male, Sherlock’s back to his chest.  John shoves his discarded pants in front of Sherlock’s thighs, hoping that Sherlock won’t bunch them up as he writhes and that they will catch any semen that trickles over the lean, pale legs and down onto the bedding.  He doesn’t want to have to take the guest bed’s sheets down to get washed.  That would bring up some awkward questions, he knows.
John reaches the landing and enters the flat quietly through the door in the kitchen, peeking into the sitting room.  Sherlock is curled around himself in what he had claimed as his chair when they had first moved into the already sparsely-furnished Baker Street: an angular, sharp-edged leather seat.  He is facing the kitchen, but he is trying so hard to ignore his brother that he looks to be literally unaware of anything going on around him.
Big thanks to my betas, A_Solitary_Cyclist and Indelible_Ink!  Title is taken from the Adele song of the same name.
For the first time John doesn’t know what to say to his friend.  He hasn’t really thought about what he would tell the man about Sherlock, mostly because he didn’t think that Stamford was going to want to know.  He knows he can’t tell Mike that he is sleeping with one of his students—the man may be his best mate, but he knows that Mike won’t hesitate to turn him in to the authorities for taking advantage of a student.  John may love Sherlock, but he still knows that what they are doing isn’t legal or acceptable in societal standards.  “He’s—well, it’s…” he licks his lips and trails off, at a loss.
Sherlock looks up at him from his position on the floor, kneeling low so that his face is level with John’s softening cock.  He smiles widely at John, come and spit and fruit juice smeared all over his lips and chin.  John huffs back a breathless, sated laugh and shakes his head at what has just conspired between the two of them.  His gaze falls to the desk, taking in the empty container of fruit that he fed Sherlock from and the crumpled sandwich wrapper.
John knows that if he stops she will do nothing but ask questions.  He doesn’t have any answers for her—well, none that she will like, anyways—so he just simply says again, “Sorry.  I’ll be home later tonight.  Don’t wait up.”  Then he gets into the cab and gives the driver Sherlock’s address once the door is closed, not looking at his wife as he pulls away from the kerb.
John moans happily beneath him, basking in the compliment.  His hips jerk wildly when Sherlock’s long fingers brush over his prostate, and Sherlock continues to poke at it steadily, watching hungrily as each prod milks a thin stream of precome out of John’s hanging cock that trickles slowly onto the floor.  John can feel the sticky threads snapping apart with little spurts of liquid along the length of his thighs when they get too long.
But there was only blackness around him, and emptiness.  Everything was empty—the rooms, the flat, the building—except for his bed, and his body, and he rubbed his hands gently over the swollen, stretched skin of his stomach, feeling his child move sleepily inside of him and letting his eyes drift closed when he couldn’t possibly stand to keep them open for a second longer.
There was the all too familiar tightening in his groin, the arch of his back, the clenching of his hands as John’s mouth worked over his cock, nimble fingers pulling and pushing softly against his balls and perineum, and Sherlock’s breath came in ragged gasps, his body tensing and his cock twitching as the beginnings of his orgasm washed over him before—
But when he gets in, it isn’t his shirt that she notices after all.  She is coming down the entryway towards him and he hasn’t gotten any farther than just inside of the door so he can’t step away from her as she heads for the sitting room off to John’s right.
Sherlock looks over at him for a second, but then turns back to his book and continues lying on his bed.
He slows his thrusts by increments, so gradually that Sherlock barely even notices until John is suddenly barely even moving.  The man slides out of Sherlock’s reddened hole languidly, at a maddeningly unhurried pace that has Sherlock squirming against him, trying to thrust his hips against John’s and looking up at the man with a withering glare.
“That’s…I didn’t know about you and your husband, when we were helping you get Mikayla back,” John said, a bit awkwardly.
John hugs Sherlock tighter, giddy at his answer.  He kisses Sherlock until he doesn’t have any air left in his lungs to breathe and then pulls away reluctantly.  “Good,” he says with a huge grin and another quick peck to Sherlock’s lips.  “Great.  And I, er, thought that we might be able to—that is, uh, I figured we could finally…have sex.  Proper sex,” he finishes in a mumble, a ferocious blush heating his cheeks.
“Oh, all right, then,” the blond youth says, face falling and sounding disappointed that Sherlock has to leave so soon.  “I’ll be seeing you around.  Look for me in class on Monday—we’ll sit together.”
From the other side of the room the sound of a baby’s scream broke the air, brittle and new and brash, and Sherlock wished for a split second that he could see the infant that had produced the sound before the darkness consumed him completely, and he thought no more.
With one last look at their son, to be sure everything was still in order, they left the room and made their way carefully down the stairs, wrapped in each other and being mindful of Sherlock’s descent on the steps, as the downward shift in his balance pulled uncomfortable at his incisions.
“Sherlock,” he warns against the boy’s mouth, and Sherlock whines lowly as he gives the vest another tug.  “Sweetheart, you know I can’t.”
Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice, though.  Instead, he simply stands and tells John, “I think I’ll go get another Coke.  Want one?”
,” he gasps out, and Greg can hear that his breath has gone short and ragged.  “Please, will someone just
John holds the base of his own cock while Sherlock squirms and moans through his orgasm, keeping the tip in the plush mouth for him to suck on, muffling his cries and moans.  Sherlock’s come gets everywhere as he continues to stroke himself furiously, landing on his stomach and chest.  Some of it gets on John’s arm where it is gently rubbing Sherlock’s belly and a few drops even land on the sofa.  John will have to remember to clean the upholstery before they have any more surprise visits from landladies or big brothers.
It’s all so very plain, so absolutely mundane, and so achingly arousing.  John can’t help it when his cock starts to respond to the closeness of Sherlock, the little sounds of pleasure he is making as John rubs off the last of the suds.  The heat of Sherlock’s body is so near and John gets lost in the feel of Sherlock’s slick, wet flesh under his hands.  With a flip of his stomach and tingle of his skin he suddenly remembers the other gift in the bag which he brought into the loo from his closet.
Sherlock giggles, and he is still so close that John can feel the sound reverberate in his bollocks and all along his prick.  “That’s the point, Daddy,” Sherlock tells him, as if it is obvious.  “You love it when it’s filthy, I know you do.  And I want to make you feel as good as you made me feel just now.”
When John gets home that evening, he says a quick hello to Mary before trying to head off to the bedroom for a much needed shower and change of clothes, but she takes one look at him and stops him in his tracks.
Sherlock’s smile lights up his face and John chuckles at his men, blushing slightly because he knows that he will soon be spread out again, this time for Greg instead of Sherlock.  The change in audience is no less arousing, though.
“I don’t want to!” Sherlock practically yells, digging his heels into the ground as John tries to move him closer to the stairs.
“Not yet, Johnny.  Wouldn’t know what to do with myself if they did,” Bill replies, his cheeky smile widening.  He looks well, from what John can see of him, underneath his coat and skull cap.  Fit from his training, still.  Bill has always been muscular and well-built, with wide shoulders and a slim waist.  The complete opposite of John’s smaller, somewhat stockier frame.  “What you got over there, then?” Bill asks him, jutting his chin at Sherlock, still sitting silently across the table from them.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John groans out as he lifts his head to catch Sherlock’s lips in a kiss.  He wants everything Sherlock has just said and more.  So much more.  “Yeah, do it.  Touch me, come on.”
“Nothing!” Sherlock yells out, and his face is flushed red with anger, his eyes cold and hard.  “You still have your wife,” he shouts and pushes at John’s shoulder again, forcing him to take another step backwards, “and you still have your marriage,” another push, “and you still have the kind of life that you had before me.”  John’s back finally hits a wall and he has nowhere left to go, but Sherlock continues to advance on him.  “So why are you wasting your time with this?” Sherlock asks.  “Why are you wasting both of our times?”
He can feel Sherlock bring shaky fingers across his chest to the buttons of his shirt and John follows his lead, follows wherever Sherlock wants to go, and he tugs at the brunet’s faded tee.  It slips easily over Sherlock’s head with no resistance from the body underneath it, and once it is gone John can’t get rid of the rest of Sherlock’s clothes fast enough.
Sherlock pulls his arm harshly out of John’s grasp and the man lets him go, not wanting to hurt him.  Sherlock marches across the room petulantly and drops down into his desk chair in a huff.  “Not using,” he tells John as he pulls his microscope towards him and shoves his face against the eyepiece.  “Just haven’t slept.”
So why isn’t he turning around and walking away?  Why is his heart pounding so fast in his chest?  Why is his body sliding down into the chair next to Sherlock, no longer able to hold him up?  He rests his elbows on the table and buries his face in his hands, completely and utterly lost.
No words could describe what he felt at that moment, surrounded by all of these people who wanted to help and support him.  He had never been one to convey a sense of gratitude or appreciation for anything, and everyone there knew that.  He did not live his life trying to make people happy and wanting to make friends—he saw no point, not when everyone who surrounded him on a daily basis was so simple-minded and stupid.  He had thought that all of these people had not been good enough to even spare a second of his precious time on, and he had not kept that thought much of a secret around many of them.  And yet, they were here still, when he doubted he would do the same for any one of them.
Sherlock huffed sullenly and John could tell that he was now just being difficult for difficult’s sake. “You would still love him,” he countered.
to me.  And even though I hate to admit it, my body can only take so much until it’s finally had enough, and that happens more often than not because of how hard I push it.  And I need you here to take care of me afterwards, because I can’t take care of myself.  I never could.  Yet you think that I can hold the weight of the world for you because that’s what you need me to do.  You need me to be your everything, and so I am.”
“Sherlock, it’s been ages since we’ve had sex!” he complained, sounding whinier than Sherlock was sure he intended. “I can’t remember the last time I’ve gone this long without it.”
This gives Sherlock longer pause as he searches for the right answer for a few seconds before coming up with it.  “Because you’re teaching me a lesson.”
Sherlock let the news sink in.  It was a little hard to grasp, seeing as he didn’t have any recollection of it.  “Over a week?” he asked, at a loss for anything else to say.  “And…” he looked down at the sleeping baby in his arms.
When Sherlock gets out some clean bowls and spoons, John sets all of the ingredients out on the messy table, pushing the clutter to one side so that they can have room.  When Sherlock brings him the bowls they will need, and large spoons, they get to work measuring and mixing.  John lets Sherlock do most of the work, and he notices that Sherlock is mainly using his left hand to do almost everything he needs.  John knows that Sherlock is slightly ambidextrous (John has seen him do things with his left hand during an experiment while writing with his right), but John knows that his right hand is the more dominant one.  When using solely his left like this, John notices that his movements and the results of his work are messy and imprecise, almost childlike in a way.  John thinks it is rather adorable.
With that John bites his lips and hides a frown, opening the car door and getting out of the vehicle, resigned but determined.  He can guess what this is; he doesn’t have to be Sherlock Holmes, teenage genius, to understand what is going on.
Sherlock sighs softly against his neck and relaxes even further against him, and John knows in an instant that the child has fallen asleep against him, wrapped safely in the protective circle of John’s arms.
Mike seems to understand what John is talking about.  He probably knows from experience what John means, but doesn’t want to say anything.  So instead he just takes a drink from his pint and stares over the bar towards the back of the pub, not looking at John.  “So you gonna divorce her, then?” he asks the empty space in front of him, and John can’t tell if he is upset or sad.
He laughs because he knows that it’s true and Sherlock smiles right along with him before he continues.  “I love how you make my head spin and my heart pound and how I never know what comes over me when you’re around.  You make me crazy, but I know that’s all right because God knows you’re out of your mind, too.  I love everything about you.  I love all of your sharp corners and all of those edges.  I love every single one of your perfect little imperfections.”
Almost immediately, they both fall back onto the bed, sated and beyond exhausted.  John lets out a tired
Sherlock, luckily, decides to be altruistic and says nothing about it, either.  Instead, he asks John, “Will you still want me?”  His voice sounds cautious and more than a little surly, already on the defensive.  John knows what he is really asking is
“I loved Mary, I really did, but it wasn’t ever like this with her,” he says, rubbing his gun-worn hand up and down Sherlock’s thin, frail-feeling arm.  “It’s never been close to anything that I’ve felt for you, even before now.  Ever.”
“You didn’t make it uncomfortable,” he answered the detective truthfully, clearing his throat.  “Just…a little muddled.  But it’s not your fault,” he reassured quickly, finally daring a glance back up at the detective to find Lestrade staring back at him, trying to see if John was being honest or not.
“Up,” John mumbles pulling away from Sherlock only slightly and helping him stand.  “Come on, I want you in bed.  Right now.”
But before he could even take a step away from them, Anderson spoke up, only able to defend himself and Donovan when Sherlock had already turned his back.
It’s amazing.  John can’t remember the last time he has felt someone’s hand on him that wasn’t his own, but he is positive that it has never felt this good before.  John moans loudly, shamelessly, as Sherlock lets out a little surprised gasp.
Christ, he can’t believe the words coming out of Sherlock’s mouth, the depraved things he is saying—and how much they are turning John on.  He doesn’t think there is anything in this world quite like someone with a brilliant mind and a filthy mouth, both of which Sherlock seem to have in spades, but someone with a brilliant mouth and a filthy mind is a good find, also.
“2 months.”  The reply was short and clipped, Sherlock’s deep baritone voice lingering in the dark corners of the quiet room.
“Oh fuck, baby, I’m coming,” he chokes out against Sherlock’s lips in a rush as he feels his orgasm tightening in his belly and then releasing through his entire body.  He slows his thrusts against Sherlock’s leg, pressing his length up against the hard muscles underneath Sherlock’s soft skin and trapping his cock there between their bodies.  It’s as close to feeling like he is inside Sherlock as he allows himself, and it is absolute heaven.
“Yeah,” he says, licking his lips and nodding his head dumbly, feeling like a tit.  “Yeah, okay.  So, then…”  He trails off, thinking that he has lost the battle on those two.  Yet he doesn’t want to give up on this one chance to be able to take care of Sherlock, either—not when he knows this is something that he wants deeply and that he can finally do.  “How about this, then: ‘I must eat all the food that Daddy puts on my plate at every meal
“Of course it is, Greg,” John answered without a second thought. The frown didn’t ease, though, it only deepened some more as he tried to figure out what Lestrade was playing at.
While John is staring at him in confused wonder, Sherlock moves across the room to latch the lock on the guest room door, turning back to give John a predatory smile.  “Mind if I join you in bed?” he asks, one thick eyebrow raised suggestively.
God, it is unfair how well Sherlock can take a cock.  John doesn’t ever stand a chance playing this game when Sherlock wants to suck him.  And if he lets it go on for too long, it is over far too quickly, before John ever has the chance to fuck him.
“You’re Sherlock Holmes, ain’t ya’?  I knew I recognized ‘ya,” the bald headed man said to him, a bit too companionably for Sherlock’s taste.
“Leave me alone, Sherlock,” he grumbled from the chair that was constantly by Sherlock’s hospital bed.  He was reclined back in it at the moment, feet sitting squarely on the floor and his arms crossed over his chest, one of the thin, scratchy hospital blankets thrown haphazardly over him.  Sherlock had made him go back to wherever it was that he had been staying and do a load of laundry and have a shave, so he looked slightly more presentable than he had in days, but he had still refused to let Sherlock talk him into catching a few hours’ sleep in an actual bed, so the small rejuvenation was purely cosmetic.
He laughs as Sherlock throws off his warm layers of protection and struggles into his clothes.  “Come on,” John says, holding out Sherlock’s thickest coat for him. “We can have a meal together out in public for once.  And then I’ll take you to some museums.”
John nodded his head, glad to have something else to occupy his thoughts, and began to take a look around the scene. It had rained recently, and so there were hundreds of footprints still more or less perfectly preserved in the mud and gunk of the lot. John braced himself for a long afternoon of digging through evidence when Sherlock’s voice cut through the stillness of the air around them.
At his decision, Mary’s eyes go wide and she stares at him blankly.  She is quiet for a long moment, her hands completely still on her forgotten cup of tea, before she frowns at him.  “You think I care about any of that, John?  About the house or all of that legal nonsense?” she asks, voice incredulous.  “For fuck’s sake!  You can’t just take me out of London, uproot my life, and then decide to leave when it’s convenient for you!”
“What, sweetheart?” John asks, giving him a reassuring squeeze around the middle.  “It’s all right, you can tell me.”
And God, John can’t stand it anymore.  The feel of Sherlock against him, the smell, the sound.  All so close, everything John has been trying so hard not to think about recently, not to want…
His lover’s mouth felt so amazing, cutting through the drunken haze that had settled over his mind and leaving him increasingly sober.
John tries to hold on to what little dignity he has left under Sherlock’s shrewd stare.  He clears his throat and wills his blush down.  “It’s only while we play,” he reminds the teen.
John practically races to the bathroom, stooping to grab some clothes up from the floor where they had been discarded the night before.  When he is done with the toilet he dresses and washes up, looking at himself in the mirror above the sink before he leaves.
The doctor nodded his head once, with finality, and turned to open the door to the exam room for Sherlock to exit, extending his other out to shake the detective’s hand.
“I’m probably never going to fuck anyone again in my life,” John moans dejectedly, slumping down in his seat sullenly.  “It’s a good thing my hand still likes me and can do it proper, or else I’d go mad.”
But John doesn’t pause as he pulls on the clothes he had been wearing earlier that day, wrinkled and rumpled from being shoved into the hamper.  “I gave him my number in case something like this happened,” he says as he searches frantically for his shoes.  “I knew it would, sooner or later.  He…has problems.  I knew eventually he would need help.”  He ignores the look Mary is giving him as he searches the room for his jacket, too.
, John thinks to himself, mouth gaping open as he watches what is happening in front of him.  “What else do I do?”
“Fine!” John yelled out, throwing his hands up in the air in defeat.  “Keep the damned chair!  I’ll just sit in yours I guess.”
When John reached him, the doctor waited until Sherlock sat up on the mattress with some difficulty, then handed the brunette one of the guns.  Sherlock could tell just by looking at the two firearms in John’s hands that one was a higher caliber, a service piece, and the other was simply a smaller, personal protection weapon, meant for concealed carry.
Sherlock takes his time, making a mess of his mouth, letting semen and spit run down his chin and smear across his lips.  He knows John loves to see him filthy, and he doesn’t hold back now.  Sherlock makes small little mewling whimpers in the back of his throat as he licks at his bear’s fur.  John’s cock leaks freely in his hand, smearing precome all over his belly and groin as he furiously wanks to the picture Sherlock makes in front of him.
“Very well, Dr. Watson.  Anthea will escort you home, if you insist on walking out on this discussion.”
And for the first time, he noticed that parts of the crowd were moving against him, backwards, and pushing the outer ring of people—where all the media reporters stood—back, away from the door of Baker Street and away from them.
As the day goes on and the police don’t burst through his door with a battering ram and a warrant for his arrest, John begins to feel a little bit better.  He still cannot concentrate on his lessons and just decides to give up trying after his third class, letting the students have a make-up day for any work or exams they have missed.
John can only shake his head in disagreement, throat still too tight, eyes still burning with unshed tears, because that’s wrong.  He doesn’t take care of Sherlock.
He feels eyes on him, his soldier’s instincts screaming.  The room is dark, but the full moon shines in through the window that he forgot to shutter earlier in the day when he threw Sherlock’s cigarette out.  He lets his gaze rove over the shadows surrounding him as he lies still silently, trying to gauge the situation.
“Feels good, Daddy,” Sherlock pants, his head falling forward and dropping against John’s shoulder, his words hitting John’s sweaty skin in moist puffs of ragged air.  “Does it feel good for you, too?”
,” John gasps out brokenly.  He can feel Sherlock slide down a little bit more, impaling himself farther on John’s aching prick.  The man wants so desperately to thrust up, to enter that inviting heat, but he forces himself to stay still, instead running his hands reverently over every piece of Sherlock he can reach.  “So beautiful, so good.  Love you so much.  Love you, please,” he pleads, rocking his hips slightly in a silent supplication.
John once again feels a pang of pity for the boy, being essentially alone and obviously not knowing how to care for himself.  Sherlock can argue all he wants that he is perfectly capable of looking after himself but John knows better—he can’t even make himself a cup of tea without risking food poisoning.  John silently thinks on the fact that Sherlock seems to be more like a small child who is trying to play house but doesn’t quite know what to do in order to survive.  He is about to open his mouth to say something about Sherlock’s living conditions once again, but as John turns towards him an object on the edge of the worktop catches his attention.  It looks disturbingly like…
The look that Sherlock gives him, however, is one of cold indifference.  Detached anger.  The edges of his plush mouth are drawn tight and the corners of his almond shaped eyes are pinched.  His face is that emotionless mask that John hates so much.  “Don’t tell me what to do unless we’re in bed together, John,” he says, and his tone is indifferent and off-handed.  “It’s annoying anywhere else.”
“Oh, fuck,” John moans into Sherlock’s mouth, feeling the slide of his hand around Sherlock’s cock growing wetter as he leaks precome into John’s palm.  “I could come just from this,” John tells him, forcing himself to stop pushing his hard cock against Sherlock’s hip.  He pulls away, stepping back from Sherlock and putting some space between them.  He drops Sherlock’s cock, much to the boy’s unhappiness, and moves to sit on the bed, his back against the headboard and his legs stretched out in front of him.
John pulls his hand out against a sound of protestation from Sherlock, still face-down and practically boneless on the table below him.  He looks down at the hand that has just been inside his lover, gauging the amount of residual lubrication that he sees leftover from the toy.  He spits into his hand, a rather disgusting amount that rewets the lube.  Sherlock is stretched and still slightly wet with lube from the toy, and John can feel how pliable the muscle under his fingers is.  He has never been one to enjoy the feel of nothing but spit slicking his cock, or think that it is a proper lubricant, but with the mixture of Sherlock’s open and wet hole, he knows that they can do this as long as he is careful with Sherlock.
John finally finds his words, dislodges them from where they are stuck in his throat.  “Sherlock,” he croaks out, sadness and despair tinging his voice, “why are you saying this?”
“Nothing, Sherlock,” John sighed. “I just want to read my book. Why won’t you let me have even that much happiness?”
“Sherlock,” John says, and his voice sounds strained and worried even to his own ears.  “I’m not supposed to be doing any of these things, least of all giving you the number to my mobile,” he argues.  He doesn’t understand why Sherlock can’t comprehend that what they are doing isn’t
Beneath him Sherlock gasps as he is penetrated for the first time in this new position.  He throws his head back, pressing hard into the soft pillows under him, exposing the long line of his neck as he grits his teeth when John hits a particularly good spot.  “John, John will you touch me, please?” he asks desperately, out of breath.
“And when you saw me with Stamford, you got scared that it was happening all over again,” Sherlock whispers softly, stepping in close to John, asking silently for a hug.  Unable to help himself, John wraps his arms around Sherlock and holds him close, against his heart.  “But instead of rolling over, you stood up for yourself.  You took back what you thought you were losing.”
of a bottle of lube being opened, the loud gasp as a body is finally penetrated by sure and steady fingers.  A sharp moan and an inhalation of breath split the heavy silence.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in suspicion.  “Go on, then,” he said, urging John with a wave of his hand.  “Prove me wrong.”
He lifted his head from John’s chest suddenly, looking up at his partner for one of the few times that they had known each other.  “Cross your heart and hope to die?” he asked with bleary eyes and a small chuckle.
He trailed off, taking another long draught from his mug and Lestrade stared at him from across the table, hard.
He starts with light, teasing licks because he knows how they drive Sherlock wild.  He nibbles at the frenulum and uses his hand to stroke Sherlock’s shaft, pulling his foreskin forward so that John can run his tongue underneath it.  He mouths at the excess skin that he pushes over the tip, lips at it as he presses it back down Sherlock’s length when he takes the brunet back into his throat.  Then he pulls off and leaves Sherlock wet and aching and bare.
“Hello,” she said, brightly.  Sherlock hated the constant cheeriness of the nurses almost as much as he hated the hospital food that they tried to shove down his throat with a smile every day.  “How are we feeling today?”
his voice.  Sherlock has never heard it so deep before, so needy, and Sherlock feels his body respond to John’s tone, his hole clenching greedily around John’s fingers as the man shoves deep into him one last time.
“It’s obvious, John,” Sherlock tells him, as if it is the simplest thing in the world.  “It’s been quite obvious for a while now.  The meetings, the long conversations, the smiles, the touches.  You gave me your number and you let me text you.  You held me.”  Sherlock’s eyes are boring into John’s now and the man can’t seem to look away, doesn’t have the strength any longer.  “But, honestly, I thought that tonight was the perfect night to tell you that I reciprocated your feelings because you were obviously expecting it.”
“You should, since you seem to have an unhealthy obsession with it,” Sherlock quips back, smiling at him warmly, voice still quavering slightly from his orgasm.
“You bore me, John,” she tells him, looking him directly in the eye, and she sounds as if she is talking about the weather.  He can’t be sure but he thinks he even sees the tiniest lift of the corner of her lips.  Not for the first time in the past few years, he thinks that he doesn’t know who this person sitting across from him is.  She used to be so warm, so loving; now she is cold and detached, a stranger.  “Everything about you bores the life right out of me.  At least in London there was a spot of excitement.  In this place, we just have each other.”
Sherlock stares at him for a moment, wide-eyed and astonished, as if he hadn’t expected John to come up with a compromise that would be agreeable to both of them.  “Yes,” he says on a breathy whisper.  “Yes, I think that will work.”  His head bends quickly to write the two rules down but stops, and John sees a blush creeping up his cheeks before dark curls block his view of Sherlock’s face.
They stood there in silence for a long moment, watching as Callum continued to suckle on his bottle and eventually drift off into sleep.  Once John was sure he wouldn’t awaken again, he carefully stood up and tiptoed back to the crib, laying Callum down gently and swaddling him rather cozily into one of the receiving blankets.
these things,” John stresses once more.  “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were deliberately trying to get me caught,” he hisses, moving closer to Sherlock, the lines of his body harsh and tense.  He has to pull himself up short in front of Sherlock, at the edge of the desk, and hold his hands down by his sides because he isn’t quite sure what he wants to do with them.  “You can’t ring me up while I’m on holiday with my wife’s family and have phone sex with me.  You can’t throw my wedding ring away.  You can’t text me and make me drop my plans with my wife—drop everything that I’m doing—to come running to you.  You just can’t
“Mm, you’re perfect,” he rumbles close enough to John’s ear and loud enough that he can both hear and feel it.
makes it sound like a stroll in the park, or a Spring day that’s warm in the sun and cool in the shade.
He wants to drag it out, but he wants to come more, and not in his sleep, in a dream, and not a quick, furtive or angry thing just to give himself a reset.
Who is the only one, other than the courier or postal service, who would have had access to your correspondence?”
He sighs and notes the heightened colour coming to Sherlock’s cheeks, the way Sherlock’s lips have parted, always a sign of how effected he is.
He could back away because Sherlock Holmes would be better without John Watson, or he could finally do what he’s known he should from maybe the very first day they laid eyes on one another.
The couple next door are chatting in their loo, too, John can hear their muffled voices through the wall, tone, colour, the occasional laugh, but nothing intelligible.
The ‘Fuck, fuck, oh Jesus, fuck,’ as the orgasm strings out, seems to last longer than Sherlock imagines an orgasm could, wrings John dry.
But eight years is a bloody long time, and I think I would have liked, just once, to have had a second chance.”
But the light is on over the cooker, and there is a small point of light glowing from Sherlock’s microscope on the table, and there is Sherlock, of course, the strongest source of warmth in the middle of their cluttered womb of a flat, the one that melts the tension of the day from John’s shoulders, and drains the noise in his head, and somehow soothes the aches in his bones without a single touch.
After what seems like an age, three police cars and an ambulance screech to a halt at the end of the alley, and John shouts over the rush of the rain to the paramedics running down the pavement toward them.
His hands are trembling, and Sherlock props himself up on one elbow, and wonders if he should touch him.
“Tell me you understand that what happened between you and me that day, in that morgue, tell me you don’t really see that as care, as love.”
“And I don’t do well with feeling like a burden and a project, which I always seem to be to my brother.
And then he remembers how things began to change, and how he would see a look in Victor’s eyes, sometimes, a look like the one he’d just seen in John’s eyes: shame, fear, avoidance.
They laugh, they’re surprised, they even cry a couple of times, and when they get through the last of the letters around lunchtime Sherlock leans back on the sofa and stares over at the flames flickering behind the door of the wood stove.
He lets the warmth blooming in his chest, radiating outward, tingling across his skin like the the electricity of an early summer storm, guide him.
John is on the floor, sitting with his back pressed against the wall, and his knees tucked up against his chest.
I think that's been clear with John, because this story is from his point of view, but in this chapter we see a little of what is going on with Sherlock.  This is probably the heaviest chapter in the whole story, and Sherlock's nightmares happen at the beginning, so we are on to the comfort side of the hurt/comfort by they halfway point of the chapter.
I love Mrs. Hudson like my own mother, but she doesn’t exactly have the best track record with lovers.”
It’s as much a part of her Christmas morning routine, as the three glasses of spiked eggnog she consumes before breakfast.”
You’ve been burning the candle at both ends since all this started, and I think you need to take a step back now.
Sherlock is tempted to take the train where they are going, so he doesn’t wear himself out driving, but then there will be people, and he wants John entirely to himself today.
Sherlock can feel his eyes on him, as he takes down two mugs from the cupboard, brews two cups, quick and simple, builder’s tea more than anything else.
Inky curls tumbling over a pale forehead, wide-set eyes that remind John of the crystal clear, aquamarine of the Gulf, lips like an angel, and a body that’s all angles—long, and lithe, and fit; somehow gangly and graceful all at once.
He leans toward it, and starts to make a series of soft, wet sounds with his mouth, like someone might if parting their lips, clucking their tongue, swallowing, kissing.
It’s so big, and I’ve never—I don’t have anything to compare it to, and this, today, everything that happened, everything we did, it was the…”
John’s brows knit and the corner of his mouth twitches for a moment, before he lets go of Sherlock’s arm and sets off down the lane again.
He feels that this is wholly new to him too, not just whatever it is they’re doing, but letting himself, just letting himself without worrying about—whatever it was he was always so bloody worried about.
He curls tight and wills the fire to stop crackling, and the boys to stop chattering out in the gallery, and for the wind to stop wuthering in the eaves.
Afterwards Margaret and Mrs. Hudson walk on ahead, along the shore, hand-in-hand, and John feels a twinge of sentiment of his own as he watches Mrs. Hudson lean her head on Margaret’s shoulder, and Margaret throw her head back and laugh at something she’s said.
Snatching up his laptop, charge cord, and glass of whiskey, he climbs back into bed, puts his headphones on, and clicks the thumbnail.
He stares down at his jeans and the rumpled jumper he’d hastily shrugged into in his rush to go out earlier.
John hurries and changes, and then steps into the loo to wash his hands and rake a hand through his hair.
The world outside is a jewel box of ice, and John is already puttering about the cottage, fires burning warmly, and hot coffee brewing on the hob when Sherlock shuffles out of bed and blinks blearily at the cheery surroundings.
He swallows tight and dry, and tries to momentarily quell the nervous energy vibrating from every cell.
This chapter also includes a new tag #Minor Character Death.  Again, if grief, grieving or guilt related to death is triggering for you, please exercise caution.
They stir, and then they fist suddenly, an ache against his scalp as his hair is pulled tight and his head eased slowly back.
This is his usual routine, so he knows it well: both come, lay together for a few minutes, chat briefly, clean up, get back to the day-to-day.
Sherlock reaches back, takes John’s hand in his and pushes, guides his hand down and his finger deeper, until it slides slick and firm against the entrance to Sherlock’s body.
And then, as per her horribly fickle nature, she tired of it, and started to let it with a mind to sell.”
He sees the surprise, but it’s quickly replaced with something altogether different.  “Oh yeah?”  John’s voice is rough around the edges, his pupils blown wide.
He wants to milk every last drop of living and loving out of this life they share, for as long as they both shall live.
John meets him half way, and he isn’t sure what he’d expected, but it is safe to say that the chaste, tender kiss John presses to the corner of his mouth was not it.
It’s deep and heady right away, John’s tongue sliding and tangling with his, John’s hands everywhere, and he loses all track of time.
There’s really no reason why he should be feeling it today more than any other day, but here he is, struggling through rush hour traffic with stars in his eyes and smile on his lips.
Sherlock goes, and John tucks him up under his chin, and smiles into his hair, and they lie like that until the sounds of the school coming to life around them can no longer be ignored.
And it sits on their shoulders, making their steps a little slower, their hair a little greyer, their vision a little blurry around the edges.
Sherlock shouts at the surprise of it, hips arching up off the bed, seeking out more of John’s touch, and John doesn’t disappoint, he wraps his small, strong, capable hand firmly around Sherlock’s cock, and gives a long, languorous pull, root to tip.
He takes a step forward, his tongue sliding out to press against his bottom lip, as he lifts a finger to the front of Sherlock’s shirt, and presses it against a single button, slides it down to the next.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, only throws his coat down over the damp grass, and sits down on one side, leaving room for John, should he want to join him.
It’s what he should want given his track record, if he were a good man, but he—god help him, he’s not.
Sherlock’s head pops up, face nakedly stricken, and John sees in that moment just how much he has broken him, how his lack of courage is hurting him over, and over, and over again.
He does a passing job of appearing common, and mild, but under the surface he is a raging and tumultuous sea, and he can’t make himself vulnerable, not really, and when he does, in those rare moments that he does, he unravels so swiftly…
John cocks a brow in anticipation, and then shakes his head when Sherlock continues to sit mute.  He looks down at the screen in his hand:
- This artist does A LOT of really theatrical roleplay vids, which is not my thing.  However, she also does these SUPER relaxing 'day in the life' vids, where she sort of takes you on a little sensory field trip, for lack of a better explanation, and I follow her channel just for those.
She finds a few books for him, helps him sign up for a library card, checks him out and even wraps his books in a plastic bag before plopping them in a fabric bag to carry back to the flat.
And when John continues to look unsure, “You will forgive me, but you are rather breathtaking like this, and I have absolutely no desire to stop.”
John blinks down at a half empty plate of tiramisu, and the empty bottle of wine beside it, and then looks up at Sherlock, smiling fondly at him.
He’s never talked to anyone about some of these things before, not even his therapist, and it seems foolhardy, and stupid, and like he’s just setting himself up for disaster.
It gives him time to look, to file away all the tiny details that make up the man in his arms, to drink his fill in ways he never could if John were awake.
And then there is the constant reminder that every moment they waste, is another moment that Arthur, wherever he is, is alone, possibly injured, being mistreated, or…
John is still stroking his thigh, watching Sherlock’s hands buried deep in fleece, listening to his breath.
Murmured messily against his shoulder, followed by more kisses, and a deep, wet, suck to his shoulder.
Sherlock steps back a little, traces a finger between the scars, drawing a constellation on John’s skin, and John draws in a shaking breath, shivers.
He makes his way downstairs and feels a little like a naughty child early Christmas morning, sneaking down to see if he can spy out his meagre gifts under the tree without getting caught.
Still, there is something in Greg’s calm manner, his sincere concern, his confidence, that makes Sherlock want to believe.
“You appear to be keeping a great many things to yourself, of late—your whereabouts, your cases, the status of your sobriety, and your sudden interest in sex.”
Sherlock lets his trousers fall to the floor, steps out of them, and walks toward John, with purpose and hunger in his eyes.
He tries not to think about friendships gone sour over things he never understood, of apologies that had really been good-byes, of waking to cold shoulders, and an empty dorm room, and kindnesses turned to cruelty in the blink of an eye.
There’s a pine futon with a white mattress against one wall, an unframed poster of what looks like the Sussex coast pinned to the wall above, a couple of house plants, bravely clinging to life on the window sill, and a simple desk that looks like it came from Ikea along the opposite wall, a closed laptop the only object on its surface.
He seems anxious now they’re here, alone, in the quiet of the flat, and John hopes he isn’t having regrets about the kiss they’d shared.
There were a small handful of my brother’s people, and two other medical professionals there to attend to any immediate medical needs and stabilise me for transport.”
He’d been drunk, and he’d panicked, pushed him off, walked out, and done his best to avoid him at every other mutual function thereafter, but he’s not panicking now.
It’s tender, and slow, and deep, and Sherlock can feel John lose himself to it after a minute or two, his body drawing nearer, and nearer until they're pressed together, limbs naturally entwining, bodies slotting together, and Sherlock can feel John pressed against his belly, growing harder again, and not minding.
John feels the words like a punch in the gut, and he sees the minute Sherlock registers what he’s said.
He should at least try, even though every step feels exhausting, like slogging through thick, wet sand.
Warm, and pulsing, and it just washes over you in wave, after wave, after wave, and it doesn’t stop.
“Then I would say that if that’s what you want, then you want forgiveness, too.  You already have it.”
Sherlock sighs.  He reaches out brushes his fingers through the hair at John’s temple, watches John’s eyes slide shut.
The end contains yet another request to fill out a survey, but this one is different from the one beneath the other videos, more of an introductory survey.
John is alone in this venture, because the posh git decided to swan off to Christ knows where just as they arrived at Queen Elizabeth hospital.
He stares down at the scars peppering John’s back, and thinks about the way that others have touched him, the way that John is permitting Sherlock to touch him now.
Just remember that for next time, since you don’t seem to care about things like ribs puncturing your lungs, or bruised kidneys.”
He’s curious now, curious if John could come again so soon, curious if he could bring John the same sort of pleasure John is bringing him now.
I spent two years thinking I’d let you kill yourself, and I swore to Mary, Jesus and Joseph, and all the saints that would listen, that if I was just given a second chance, I would never fail you that way again.
John drops to his belly on instinct and scurries along the ground until he reaches the cover of some low-lying holly bushes, and is able to stockpile a few snowballs beside him.
They are both lazy and still drunk on their love when they finally slip from bed, and start the day.
The table shudders beneath Sherlock’s palms, wine sloshing from their glasses onto the white tablecloth, candle guttering, and there is John, on his feet, leaning half across the table, back hunched and left hand extended toward Sherlock’s chest as though to shield him from some phantom danger.
John sounds shocked, and maybe a little panicked, like he can hardly believe that he’s in this moment, with Sherlock, doing this, and it’s taking him over so fast and so fully.
Sherlock just looks lost, and so John reaches down and takes his hand, leads him over to the wood stove, and opens the door.
He needs to come.  He knows this. He’s swiftly reaching the point of overstimulation, but he has a sudden and all-consuming need to feel John’s pleasure, to know what it’s like to be inside him at the moment he lets go, and so he takes all the mental energy his has left, and speaks.  “John…”
He places a hand on Mrs. Roundhay’s back and leads her back toward the staircase, but turns and comes back to whisper urgently in Sherlock’s ear.
“I’m not gay,” he finally whispers, sounding for all the world that he’s fought the most epic of battles and come out the loser.
It’s a far-flung, bleak sort of a place, precisely the sort Sherlock hates, where it’s all too easy for people commit atrocities with complete impunity.
John fights to control himself, takes smaller thrusts, just to make sure Sherlock is okay, but after a few seconds Sherlock pulls out again.
He briefly considers dissecting the human heart in his freezer, but it would need time to thaw, and patience is something he feels painfully short on.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches, and John suspects he’s being played, but Sherlock looks so fucking unencumbered, so joyful, so eager, he can’t bring himself to care.
It takes Sherlock’s still sleep-lazy brain a moment to realise that she isn’t just restating the obvious in French, but that she is actually referring to her funereal boarder.
No, this is something comforting, like he can be himself here, no performance needed, totally accepted.
And John realises in one crystalline moment of pure joy that this is it, that Sherlock is tipping over the edge, already, only a few minutes in and already he’s so close.
“I know you’ve never…  If you want to take time to get used to the idea, that’s okay.  And if you never want to…”
Sherlock leans back and lets his eyes slide shut, lets the breeze tickle his eyelashes, and lift the curls from his still clammy forehead.
He worships him with touch, and John breathes hot, and damp against Sherlock’s chest, smearing his mouth messily against his skin, tasting him, breathing him in, while his tears, and saliva, and sweat anoint Sherlock’s skin like a sacrament.
He pulls back a little, tilts his chin down, and John blinks up at him, barely visible in the black of the room.
He wonders, momentarily, if there is a psychological element to it—childhood impressions, influences and role models all combining to inform your pleasure triggers.
John turns on his heel, muttering about the bloody ridiculous hives all the way up the stairs to the bedroom, grumping about stubborn, mad consulting detectives as he brushes his teeth and combs his hair, griping about tight arses, and pouty lips, and tousled curls when Sherlock appears in the bedroom to get dressed and almost distracts John from his sulk.
Sherlock just cocks a brow and waits until John sniffs, and looks put upon, but does it anyway, and ahh…
The question stutters through Sherlock’s bones, arrests his breath, turns him cold, all over again.  “Later.
John reaches out for Sherlock’s hand on instinct, but Sherlock pulls back, turns and walks over to the window to stare out at the street.
John will force the issue that has been hanging over their heads for months, the one topic that Sherlock can never quite seem to broach, because he is too afraid of what it might mean.
He’s immediately met with a blast of cold air and stinging snow, and great heaps of snow that had been drifting against the door, tumble onto the boot mat and floor.
I realise that I haven’t had opportunity to prove my resolve in that, but none-the-less, I do feel it somewhat early to write me off entirely.”
He feels detached from himself, as he falls back on his elbows and arches his hips up off the mattress, driving himself much deeper down John’s throat than he’d intended.
“Now…”  Sherlock drops another kiss on John’s clavicle.  “Can we get back to what we were doing before?”
Sherlock fishes inside his coat pocket and pulls out the small vial, holds it up to the light for John to see.
There clearly is no client, and he’s fairly certain Sherlock knows he knows, and he’s curious as to just how long Sherlock is going to attempt to carry on with his light-hearted, little deception before he confesses to the truth—that this was simply a holiday to the country, just the two of them, a little time away for god knows what reason.
When John looks back at him after ordering, a soft smile on his face, Sherlock has to look away for the second time since the evening began.
The words burst in John’s centre molten, and hot, and he’s lifted his hand to his chest, and started to stroke, before he even registers having done it.
Sherlock looks down at John, and John looks back, hopes he understands that he’s here, that whatever he decides to do, it will be something they will do together.
He craves a hit of cocaine like he hasn’t in ages, but it’s John, the thought of John finding out, that stops him.
On the fourth day, he’d got up, and sat in his chair, and stared at Sherlock’s like he was trying to will him back into his rightful place.
way, and nodding indulgently to Angelo, ordering them steaming plates of family-style pasta to share, and what he can only assume will be an excellent bottle of wine.
He lifts a hand to John’s head, cards it through his hair in a gesture that is so tender, so unexpected, that John feels a rush of things he can’t possibly process or label overwhelm and suffocate him.
It just built and built, swelled, and crested, and swelled again, and I was thinking of you, imagining your hands on me.
When John is finished putting the shopping away he strolls into the lounge, and flops into the red chair by the hearth he has claimed as his own.
Sherlock has a remarkably long torso, so if John wants to look down at his face he has to straddle his waist rather than his hips, but Sherlock just watches him, almost curiously, as he makes himself comfortable, and props himself up, awkwardly on his elbows, favouring his injured arm.
He’s had to start tightening his belt another notch, and he doesn’t have the money to buy new clothes.
He tries to remember that she’s just a toddler, and that it’s not personal, not in a premeditated way, but it still hurts when she refuses to speak to him, mostly because it reminds him of how inadequate a father he is.
It’s not as though she’s sitting for her GCSEs, but he does get up, gets dressed, heads down to Mrs. Hudson’s.
He reaches out for John’s head, tilts his own, and swipes his lips messily over his cheek, against his temple, nuzzles at the hair over his ear.
John sniffs, pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s, and wipes at his nose with the sleeve of his coat.
All those things only made John love him more, but therein lies the problem, and the source of all his current turmoil.
John finally sucks in a sharp breath as his head starts to go light.  He looks up.  Sherlock is pale, mouth opening and closing like he’s desperate to say something, anything, but…
People say these things to each other every day, and there’s no reason he should be the bloody exception.
He feels John’s cock plump in his hand, and then John’s hips snap forward with a grunt, and he spills over Sherlock’s fingers, while his body clenches and pulses around Sherlock’s cock, making him see stars, making him thrust frantically, wanting to finish before John comes down from the chemical high, before he gets over sensitised.
“You do realise that this film is likely much longer than the forty-five minutes, or so, we have left.”
He stares down at John’s small, square hands deftly loosening the laces on his oxfords, fingers wrapping warm and strong about his ankles, easing the shoes from his feet.
“He’s a private man, and this is a private matter, which is why he is quite livid that the headmaster contacted the London Met, and by extension, you.
Sherlock sucks in a deep breath.  “To ask if we’ve, as she so delicately puts it, ‘pulled our heads out of our own arses, and put them somewhere in the vicinity of one another’s’”.
He’s close enough now to see a large nutcracker in Sherlock’s hands, the ornamental soldier sort that is so popular this time of year.
It’s raining again by the time he gets back to his flat, and he curses the bloody weather, and just wants to get back upstairs, and, and—fuck.
“Just want to pull my weight, you know, and I know we got good money from that case back in June, but it’s almost gone now, and I thought with the extra hours at the surgery I could…”
Sherlock pulses in his hand, and squeezes around him, and lets out a whimper, and it’s so much at once, that John’s whines a little himself, and rocks his hips upward without thinking, which causes Sherlock to grunt in surprise, and then moan.
Sherlock reaches up to touch John’s face, to feel the heat of his flushed, damp cheeks, the race of his pulse at his neck.
But he sits up with a start when he hears the sound of a car’s tires skid to a stop on the gravel of the drive outside.
He pulls it down slightly, and traces a finger down the space between his pectorals, fingers the sparse hair there.
John continues his ministrations until a small wet spot begins to form at the front of Sherlock’s pants, and Sherlock is all but trembling.
Sherlock’s eyes flit away as he turns his back to John with a flourish, and goes back to attending to his fancy dress.
Taking a deep breath, he does his best to delete any residual images from earlier, and finishes changing.
He wants to feel the heat of Sherlock’s hands against his skin, the whisper of his long fingers against his belly.
He’s drifting off to sleep, and John aches to be there next to him, to pull him close, and watch it happen.
He’s still too pale, and too tired, and too thin, but there is a relaxed, easy energy about him, tonight, that has Sherlock riveted.
Lestrade’s people do finally show up, and Sherlock is carted into an ambulance. John rides along, hovering in one corner and dutifully keeping a proper distance to let the medics do their work.
He wouldn’t tolerate touch as a child, unless it was his brother Mycroft sitting on him ‘to shut him up’ when he was ‘being a terror’, or his father pulling him into his lap to read to him before bed.
John is a blur of breath, and sound, and movement, and Sherlock is too far under the fog of post-coital bliss to full process it.
“Christ,” John whispers, drops his hands to Sherlock’s hips, slides down, and takes Sherlock in his mouth.
He thinks about the road earlier, about the sudden, urgent need to kiss the anger from John’s lips, to absorb John’s care, and fondness, and concern into his body like water on parched soil.
They are both about the same distance from the UK average for a man, just on either ends of the spectrum, but he supposes that telling John that he is as short as Sherlock is tall, might not win him any favours, and he’s mad with curiosity about whatever John is about to do.
He sucks in a deep breath and squeezes, and feels John mould against his body, erection still full, pressed against Sherlock’s belly.
He smiles and looks over at Sherlock, who is looking straight out the windscreen, focussing on the road, no doubt ignoring him.
“Best show it all to me then, since God knows how much of our retirement funds you paid to get the place.
The tube is bursting with lunch hour traffic, and John remembers why he doesn’t take the tube; all the noise, the close proximity, the weird smell of a 150 people stuffed together into a metal carriage.
They probe Sherlock’s hairline, ghost over his eyebrow, whisper over a cheekbone, press lightly to his lip.
And the fact that this is Sherlock initiating makes the whole situation all the more confusing, because of all the people in the world he would have thought playful, Sherlock would have been very bottom of the list.
Marco, one of Angelo’s best waiters descends upon their table immediately, bringing a candle, two menus and a bottle of wine.
John watches Sherlock’s pupils dilate and sighs when he dips his hands below the waistband of John’s trousers to cup his arse.
John sniffs and stands a little straighter, swallowing back the surge of adrenaline that’s just burst through his veins.
The lack of success John experienced with his cuddle business seems to make more sense the longer Sherlock knows him.
If Jack’s returned to the house and his father hasn’t returned from town, he shouldn’t be alone with his step-mother, or the baby.”
He waves Sherlock toward a chair on the other side of his desk, and Sherlock sinks into in gratefully, and must nod off for a moment, because when he jerks awake, eyes snapping open, it is to the sight of his brother leaning back in his chair, and staring at him in disapproval.
Sherlock tucks his knees up against his chest, crosses his arms over them, and turns away again, resting his head on his knees, staring off at nothing in particular.
Sherlock is about to grab their bags and go, but John yanks him back into the warm backseat of the cab, as he turns to the cabbie.
He wants to get up, and leave, and never come back, because that would be best for everyone, wouldn’t it?
He jogs over and scoops it up, and thanks John from the depths of his heart for being a soldier worth his metal.  It’s a watch, John’s watch. He must have dropped it on purpose, a breadcrumb.
Some of it sloshes over the side of the tub and onto the tile floor, and John thinks about how Mrs. Hudson will kill them both, if they flood the ground floor.
There’s a nice garden for you to play in, and we’re close to the sea, so maybe we can go see the water today, or tomorrow.
Perhaps Sherlock is going to store away the contents of the letters they’ve just read, or maybe he just has other things on his mind.
Thank you all for your patience in waiting for this chapter.  As always I am so grateful for your encouragement, and all your kind comments.
Fortunately for him, Mrs. Roundhay can talk enough for the two of them, which gives Sherlock the perfect opportunity to observe the man while she prattles.
Fishing his mobile out of the pocket of his dressing gown, he thumbs it open and shoots John a text.
Sherlock looks down at it, up at the old woman crocheting an afghan in the seat across from them, and then at John.
Sherlock nods, slides his fingers almost all the way out, and then presses in again, rocks his own body against John’s as he does, and feels prickles of arousal burst along his skin as John moans, and drops his forehead to press against Sherlock’s chin.
He shifts downward a little and presses his lips to one of John’s closed eye-lids, and then the other.
So, Sherlock gleans what he can by questioning the housekeeper, from perusing the surrounding gardens, and peering through the windows at the room where the horror had been perpetrated.
Sherlock opens his eyes again, takes in all the details of John, the softness around his eyes, the fond smile teasing the corners of his lips, the way he looks well fed, and well rested, and generally relaxed and happy, despite the night before.
Sherlock has been more than clear and yet—he’s still here, he’s not running, he seems to be drawing John ever closer in some ways even as he continues to keep him at a distance in others.
There is the exchange of gifts, and Mrs. Hudson’s special egg nog, and her Christmas Carol film on constant loop while they eat their breakfast and Sherlock helps Rosie with her new Duplo Farm Adventures kit and John smiles through it all, wondering how on earth he got so lucky, and then realising that he’s been thinking that exact thing, non stop the whole holiday through, and how he might just need to stop asking, and accept it for what it is, because what it is is a miracle of a kind, and he is infinitely grateful.
Because you know I don’t care about things like that, and stipulating a particular time of year as the primary font of love and good cheer seems rather ridiculous.
Sherlock’s eyes wide with surprise as it floods over him, head thrown back, the long, pale column of his throat bared to John’s lips.
Why not this morning when Sherlock had looked at him across the breakfast table as he fed Rosie, a smile on his lips, and a warmth in his eyes?
Rosie seems content to play with her new toys, and then to collapse in exhaustion on the lounge floor at 17:00.
Sherlock sighs. “You said you’re a doctor, but what you didn’t tell me is that you are a recently invalided army doctor.
He listens as the bloke explains how his research is oh so very important, how he plans to use it in his work (whatever that is—he never says), and then prattles on for ages on the scientific theories that may support ASMR, and why further research is so necessary, and John mostly doesn’t listen, just sort of zones out, buoyed up on wave after wave of sonorous bliss.
John pushes away from the counter, snatches up the bottle of scotch and heads upstairs to his bedroom, glass still in hand.
John reaches over and grabs his cane from where it’s leaning against his desk, holds it up in front of the camera.
John switches the video to full screen, and watches, rapt, as those hands start to stroke the pillow softly.
John feels the head of his cock hit the back of Sherlock’s throat, feels Sherlock pause for a moment, breathe hard out of his nose, and then take him deeper still.
John reaches down, and takes his hand, examines the length and girth of his fingers before looking back up again.
No, John is scarred, and soft, and fiercely, impressively strong (in so many ways), and Sherlock can read whole stories written on his flesh.
In past relationships he’d always started off burning hot, and then felt that diminish a little more with each passing day, until the thing he’d thought was love finally guttered and died.
One week after the day he came back to John, Sherlock sends an email; an old friend who owes him a favour.
But Sherlock pulls all the way away, swings his feet over the side of the bed, and sits there for a moment, trembling, before raking his fingers through his hair and pulling hard.
John looks back at the television, at tiny Cindy Lou Who with a teacup perched atop her elaborate hairdo.
He hears Sherlock grunt with the force of the impact, but then, before John can get his wits about him, Sherlock’s flipped him onto his back and pinned his wrists above his head.
John is hard beneath his trousers, and Sherlock pulls closer still, on instinct, which makes John’s breath catch and his head drop forward to rest against Sherlock’s chest.
People underestimate him until it’s too late, until he sucks in a breath, stands at attention, clenches a fist and barks out an order.
They work on the dishes quietly, side-by-side until they’re done.  When the kitchen is tidied and everything put away John turns and heads for the bedroom without a word.  Sherlock isn’t sure if he’s meant to follow, but he does anyway. He shuts out the lights, checks the locks at the doors.  When he returns to the bedroom, John is undressing. Sherlock clears his throat so that John knows he’s there, and then leans against the door jamb and watches appreciatively when John doesn’t acknowledge him.
By the time he is finally able to rid himself of her, there’s no time to go back to the flat before Lestrade is off for the evening, so he texts John to ignore any calls he may have received from the nursery, and totes Watson along with him to The Met.
He considers leaving while John is in the loo, but it would be inconsiderate to leave him with the cheque, and he is the one who requested a session in the first place.
“No.  I know what you’re thinking.  I do. But in the beginning, I did.  I would have trusted you with my life.  Don’t know why. Still don’t know why. But, I think I—I want to start over.  I want things to go back to the way they were back then, when everything was fresh, and you and I were…”
Sherlock tries to school his features into his most innocent of looks, but the sheepishness is woefully transparent.
Some of the anger seems to be fading now, but John’s hands are still shaking, almost as much as Sherlock’s.
Please note the added tag of #Spanking, which I somehow forgot in the beginning.  Also, this chapter contains references to past relationships for both John and Sherlock.  James Sholto and Mary for John, and Victor Trevor for Sherlock.  Obviously, none of these characters appear on screen, and never will (which is why they weren't listed in the character tags), but I have had people request I tag for Victor Trevor mentions before, so consider this your warning.
John’s stomach flips, like he’s just stepped off a cliff into nothing but air and he’s hanging, suspended, for that microsecond before he starts to plummet.
The next week there had been flowers and take-away delivered, and even some contractors called in to repaper Mrs. Hudson’s lounge—Sherlock doing his penance, of course, but still…
Sherlock lets out a breathy exhalation, and John sucks down, eliciting perfect, aching pleasure over the spot his tongue has just been.
And in that safe, sweet spot between waking and sleep, Sherlock forgets everything surrounding him, all the reasons he has to be afraid, and he rolls over, pulls John in against his chest, and falls back asleep.
It’s likely their private messages on Youtube have been, too, if this posh bastard knows he’s a doctor and a soldier. Time for him to do a little sleuthing.
Sherlock watches the tears squeeze between John’s fingers and drip down on the legs of his trousers.
“Yeah, I was so keen on making sure you didn’t get plowed down by a lorry, while simultaneously trying to pay the cabbie—ta for that, by the way—that I…
But still, still he craves one thing, one thing he can no longer give voice to, and he hopes, beyond hope that John knows him well enough now, that they won’t need words.
John jerks his chin, like he’s made a monumental decision, like he’s going into battle, and perhaps it is one, of a sort, Sherlock thinks, but everything about John’s body language, from his flushed cheeks, to his heavy lids, from his warm, sure hands, to his burgeoning erection speak of want.
John is a dead weight atop of him, heavy, grounding, panting against the bruise he’d just marked into Sherlock’s flesh, and there’s something about the warm, delicious weight of him, that stirs the pool of pleasure building in Sherlock’s belly, makes it heat, and build, and throb, until he feels heady with the steady, aching tension.
Sherlock takes it all in, the way he looks—young, suddenly, the way he winces a little as he stretches his leg, rolls his shoulder, all the aches and pains suddenly catching up with him now that the pleasure is fading.
He sucks in a sharp breath and holds it, waits for the lack of oxygen to push any images of John from his mind, and deprive his member at it’s source.
John looks away, gazes absently around the room, before shaking his head, and turning back to Sherlock.
Sherlock has to tear his eyes away as an uncharacteristic jolt of adrenaline and wave of nausea rushes over him.
When Sherlock slides his nose down the line of John’s neck and presses another kiss there, hot and wet, John pulls in a breath and does exhale.
He’s warm, and Sherlock rolls into that warmth on instinct, feels his body light up when John hums in contentment, presses his nose into John’s hair, breathing deep, again, and again, and again, memorising the scent of him.
He reads the books on video editing, makes a few test videos, struggles through editing them, and then gives up.
And Sherlock wonders how it is he isn’t constantly in pain what with exercising so much, such consistent, subconscious control, because even when John explodes in a burst of action, he is controlled, always so controlled—until something in him snaps.
John had not been intending to say them, and he hates how he sounds now, vulnerable, and afraid, and desperately eager.
You’re a mentally ill ex-soldier, who lies to his therapist, drinks too much when he’s in a bad patch, which is more often than not, and who is already living off of my brother’s overinflated sense of generosity.”
“There is, gas furnace, I imagine, but the windows are only single glazed, and then there is all the heat going up the fireplace floos.
“You don’t want me to let you help.  At least not right away. No. What you want, what you really want is—punishment.”
He shuffles into the kitchen, and fishes another out of the freezer, gets a glass of water from the sink.
He’s sitting calmly, eating Pad Thai by the time Sherlock comes back upstairs with the wine, and hands him a glass.
“You hardly know me, John, and—you’ll get to a point where you know me too well, and when that happens, you’ll leave.
Somehow they walk the block and a half back to their flat without mishap, and John is so grateful that he presses Sherlock up against the door and kisses him soundly before they go in.
Maybe this time there won’t be cold feet, won’t be drawing close only to pull away, won’t be flirting, and winks, and the occasional furtive grope, that leads to panic and retreat.
“We don’t know if it’s John’s.”  Greg tries to reassure him, but Sherlock is on his feet, and dashing out of the Met before they can stop him.  He hails a cab, gets in and then realises he has no idea where to go.
Please note the added tags for this chapter.  I want to make very clear that this is predominantly a fluffy, happy story, but in this chapter we see that though our boys love each other very much, they still have their struggles.
For one insane moment he considers going there, lying, saying he’s family, but he wouldn’t want a complete stranger showing up unannounced at his bedside, and so he figures that the least he can do is extend Sherlock the same courtesy.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, and is about to tuck it in his pocket when John appears at his shoulder, and narrows in on the one detail of interest in the blink of an eye.
It makes a very satisfying sound as it bounces off the wall and clatters behind his wardrobe, and he curls tight on the bed and stares at a loose thread in the coverlet, and hates his brother with a hate so fierce it makes him see red.
He lets it take him, lets his body pull his finger deeper as the first burst of his orgasm explodes inside him.
- This girl's channel is just a delight.  She does a lot of personal attention vids, which are usually not my cup of tea, but I enjoy hers.  She even did one, recently, for people who may be coming out to their families over the holidays.  She also does a lot of binaural mouth sounds videos which I very much enjoy.  There's no hiding of her face here, so if intense eye-contact makes you uncomfortable, you may want to try just listening and not watching.
He pulls back and looks up at Sherlock’s face, stricken and—and something else John can’t seem to interpret.
John can feel it—the tightness in his chest and throat, the ache of the old broken femur in his thigh, the way he’s suddenly checking his exits.
He walks into the lounge to Sherlock sitting cross-legged on the floor, sorting through a pile of VHS tapes they’d found in the attic.
It feels safe, and thrilling, and wonderful, and when John’s hands lift to tangle in his hair, when his lips part and invite Sherlock in with a small, desperate whimper, Sherlock wonders why either of them ever waited so long.
Sherlock slides his foot across the floor, under the table, and presses it against the inside of John’s, before turning his attention to Rosie.
Ms. Adler finds out, somehow, and he has a series of very insistent texts from her that end withhim on the doorstep of her Belgravia home on Friday afternoon, and being let in by none other than her wife, Kate (who seems to conveniently also be her P.A.).
And then he had been separated from other children for the majority of his education, not being thrown into the social lion’s den, again, until he’d gone to uni.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and keeps on walking, trying not to think about what John must be thinking a few steps behind him, as a chorus of whoops and whistles surround them.
Which is, of course, a rather stupid thing to say, for how on earth could John ever have deduced that they had spent the last 7 hours investigating a child abduction at his alma mater?
The scant furniture is arranged in such a way as to create a calm and relaxing environment for his work.
Sherlock, who seems so controlled, so serious much of the time, cracks wide open when he kisses, lets John taste a little bit of his soul.
He pulls the curtain aside, steps in, and then closes it again, encasing them in a little artificial cocoon of privacy.
He makes a mental note to maybe try to broach the subject of talking about it, whatever it is, in therapy, before stripping the sheets and shuffling into the loo to stuff them into the washer.
God, yeah,” he breathes without thinking, and then Sherlock’s mouth is crashing back against his, and John is straining against the hold Sherlock has on his wrists, and the weight he has on his thighs, and he burns.
He’s excessively thin, well-groomed except for nails chewed down to the quick and the dark rings under his eyes.
There had been a fire burning in his sibling’s home when they were killed, but no fireplace had been lit in this room last night, despite the cold.
Sherlock can feel the unyielding fan of his ribs even through the fabric of his jumper, but his back and waist are well muscled, and he has small pockets of fat, still.
Right enough for John’s brows to disappear into his fringe, for him to grin, and murmur, ‘Fantastic!’, and make Sherlock feel warm all over.
“It’s common for those suffering from PTSD to require adrenaline producing events just to feel normal.
Five and a half hours to fill with something, anything other than the indulging of this ridiculous, adolescent craving.
He opens up the YouTube app and deletes the comment just to be on the safe side, and then goes to shower.
Sherlock’s body burns, and his brain races, and his heart feels suddenly like it might burst. “I—I…”
There is another copy, framed, that was tucked away with the Christmas decorations last year, and will likely be pulled out again in a few days.
Sherlock just sits and stares out the window, even though they’ve stopped, even though they’re parked and John has shut off the engine.
John sucks in a sharp breath through his nose, and then whines in the back of his throat as his tongue tangles with Sherlock’s and his arms drop to wrap around Sherlock’s waist and pull him closer.
He ignores the man’s stunned expression and pushes past him, rushing outside in an attempt to catch up with John, but he’s nowhere in sight.
He’s in the kitchen working on something, but he keeps peeking his head in every few minutes to wordlessly check on John’s wellbeing.
“Thought you timed my showers in the morning, deduced when I’d been in there a little too long for just washing.”
Today is not the day to drag things out, not when John is like this, not when their apologies and mutual vulnerability is so fresh.
John’s eyes flit away from his, and he clicks play, and then sets his laptop back on the small tv tray he’s set up in front of the futon.
And then there are Sherlock’s lips, hot and dry, pressing against the line of his neck, and John lets out a sound like a sob, twists the sheets around his hands, pants and gasps as Sherlock’s lips move up behind his ear, as he hums, deep and low against the skin there, reaches up to card long fingers through John’s hair, until all of John’s head is sheltered over by Sherlock’s hand, and John can’t think of anything at all, but more, and yes, and oh god, please!
And I was concerned that I had, perhaps, already shown my hand, that he may already have guessed your value to me, that he would use that to compromise my position.
Sherlock races outside, and looks for footprints in the damp soil of the drive, around the windows of the garden.
Sherlock is breathing hard, like he’s just run a marathon, and maybe he has in a way, maybe they both have.
Sherlock picks up his box of dinner again, and stares into it as though it might contain the answers to everything they’re fumbling through.
Mycroft Holmes doesn’t strike him as the sort of person to ask help from civilians, certainly not mentally ill hangers-on who are constantly accosting his brother with their unwanted attentions.
He could take care of it, he supposes, but it seems ‘not on’ to masturbate in a near stranger’s loo.
Sherlock is as calm as the sea on a sunny, summer morning, but he has that familiar look in his eye that has been coming with more and more frequency of late, the one John still hasn’t been able to work out.
He had laid up half the night, listened to his breath even out, only to catch and grow quick again, listened to him whimpering in his sleep.
Finally Sherlock stills, and John thinks he should clean up, remove the condom, wipe them both down, but Sherlock is clinging to him, like he’s afraid he’ll disappear, and so he lies with him awhile longer, strokes his hair, and waits for their hearts to slow.
Sherlock pulls back, slicks himself once more with the last of the lube, and then pushes forward, presses against John’s entrance.
It’s become a problem the last few months, but Sherlock is in no position to judge, and he’s not up for starting that sort of conversation tonight.
He signs for the item, and then takes it inside, weighing it in his hand, to see if he can guess its contents.
The cab stops, the back door swings open, and John comes face to face with a brunette holding a gun.
John could hardly hold that against him if it came in handy later, and there is no need for him to get emotional about any of it at all.
He lifts a finger to his swollen cheek and cut eyebrow.  “You blame yourself for this. And you offered to fix it.  But I wouldn’t let you, and… But that’s not what you really want, anyway, is it?”
“When I got her calmed down enough to understand what the hell she was on about, she tells me that John and Dad got into it, never found out ‘bout what, could never get that out of Mum, but they got into it, and there was an all out brawl, John getting bigger, starting to talk back, starting to fight back, and I guess Dad knocked him down the cellar steps and then just walked out, and mum was left with John in a bloody heap, unconscious, so obviously she panics, thinks he’s dead.”
Sherlock is standing in the middle of the lounge, naked, shivering, and John’s sure that if there’s anyone in the flats across the street they can probably see him.
For instance, I can give you a very clear picture of what transpired that night, and also of the behaviour of your excellent and faithful German professor.”
He could acknowledge that even as the noxious fumes rose to overwhelm him, as he felt his senses swim and his wits leave him.
John’s hands are gliding up and down his thighs, but he lifts them, now, massages at Sherlock’s arse, parts his cheeks and plunges his tongue in again.
Sherlock nods, lets go of John’s arms and goes and lies down.  John is on him in a breath, sitting back on his thighs, making short order of the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt.  And Sherlock lies there and strokes John’s still clothed thighs, and watches him as he peels back Sherlock’s shirt from his chest, and runs his hands over the planes of his ribs.
They stay like that for long minutes, sharing one another’s breath, and Sherlock feels his eyes bite behind closed lids, feels them fill, and spill over, tears squeezing from the corners to run down and dampen the hair at his temples.
John already has a small pile of split wood on the ground beside him, and he continues to split log after log with one deft blow after another.
John goes back to eating in silence, after his plate is clean, he picks it up, and Sherlock’s as well, and takes them to the sink a few steps away.  “You think Mrs. Hudson still has the flat available, or will we need to find a new place?”
And when Sherlock dips down and sucks hard at his neck, and ruts himself, rock hard, and twitching against John’s thigh, John whines long and deep in his throat, and throws his head back panting, dizzy, breathless.
Sherlock cracks open one eye, and then peels himself from the sofa, and goes to join him.  He leans against the wall at the entrance to the room, and watches John scrub at a pot with far more vigour than is likely needed.  “You been burning things in these again?”
where you follow her around on a snowy day in Concord, Massachusetts.  It also includes puppies, and who doesn't like puppies.
Histrionics it was clear were born out of fear— fear of rejection, fear of losing John yet again, a fear that marriage was something John did because he felt it was expected of him, and not because he was really interested in or committed to the enterprise.
Sherlock had clucked like a mother hen over the sad state of the beehives, and John had laughed, and said that he could get some of his own for the roof of 221b if he was so keen.
He sees another scarf, a dark purple, made of some rayon blend that has the weight of wool, but the feel of silk.
“I want you to fuck me.”  And he must see something on Sherlock’s face, because a second later his cheeks pink, as he rolls onto his side to face Sherlock properly, and he amends.  “Make love to me. Do you know what I mean?”
He strains against Sherlock’s hold on his wrists, just enough to keep their mutual desire stoked high, but not enough to be interpreted as actual objection.
John grunts in objection, but Sherlock is already frantically rooting around in the drawer of his nightstand, tossing things out onto the floor, and muttering.
“But the fact is, we have not learned a single thing since engaging London, not a thing save two absolutely unfounded and squalid rumours about His Grace and his esteemed family!
He reaches down, and places his hands over John’s knees, guides them slowly apart, and then slides into the V he’s just created between between them.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but when John meets his eyes again, he must see it.  He nods again. “And this bloke—Jim Moriarty—he someone you pissed off?”
He feels unhinged, like he wants to claw out of his own skin and crawl bloody and raw into some tight, dark corner, and never come out again.
He’s grateful, then, when John appears at his side with a fresh cup of coffee which he presses into his hands, before draping Mrs. Hudson’s mourning afghan over his shoulders, and then moving to stand just behind his chair.
Someone across the street whistles loudly, and John feels his cheeks heat, but Sherlock smells of expensive cologne, and his mouth tastes of wine and tiramisu, and his coat hangs open so that John can feel the hot, angular, length of his body pressing against his in the cold night air.
John’s done it a few times, but this is different, with Sherlock, them never having met, this all they’ve ever shared, and everything this is, all it means to John.
Sherlock notices, of course he does, but he doesn’t say anything, only rubs a hand down the length of John’s spine, and pulls him against his chest for a moment, before turning to unlock the door.
He bites down hard on his bottom lip, and thrusts up into his fist, a steady rhythm, rocking like waves at sea, great swells of pleasure, rising, rising…
They’re peppered with a decade’s worth of track marks and thin stripes from the razor blades he’d used to numb the pain in that one difficult year after college and before he’d moved to Miami.
True, he feels this sort of attraction rarely, but even the boyish crushes he had entertained for celebrities or fictional characters, though sometimes soldiers, or men of a brave and steadfast nature, had looked nothing like John.
They sneak the skates back to their car like two guilty schoolboys and then John sets off in the direction suggested.
He shifts up and leans in a little closer, lifts a hand to Sherlock’s hair, thumb teasing the the waves at his temple, he leans down, and Sherlock stops breathing.
Probably should have been—if he’d been paying attention to the things that mattered when Sherlock had risen from the dead, rather than his own rage and fear.
The point I’m trying to make is that it’s a thing that happens, and maybe the catalyst is a drug, or maybe it’s a particular cocktail of brain chemicals, but it does happen, and when I think about that day, blurry as things are, all I remember is watching you balancing there, and thinking that you had been balancing there for weeks, months, years maybe?
He reaches over and takes the blanket from John, and drapes it over himself, tucking it up under his chin, before leaning over to rest his head on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rise into his fringe, and his eyes drag the length of John’s body before returning to his face.
He loses all track of time, and when John finally pulls away, looking as drunk as Sherlock feels, he thinks that perhaps it all might be alright between them after all.
It fills Sherlock’s head with the sort of buzzing static that is bound to make him unravel, that will lead to him snapping, crumbling,
So no one else but Wilder and the postman or courier would have touched the letter you sent to Arthur?”
He snuggles down beneath the blankets pulls one up to cover his nose, and looks quiet ridiculously, inarguably endearing.
He opens his eyes, and blinks up, drunk at the sight of him pink cheeked and swollen lipped, studying him with such intensity, and such fondness that John feels dizzy all over again.
I didn’t care for a great deal of what I would see in the early days, so I decided to make my own, once I felt the quality was acceptable enough, I decided to post them and gather data about people’s experiences.”
He lies on his good arm, figures he can probably reach around behind himself with his bad one, even with the limited range of motion.
And then suddenly John is moving, flipping Sherlock onto his back, straddling his hips and grinning down at him.
When he gets back to lounge, Sherlock is standing in front of the hearth, holding his hands out toward the stove.
After tea they settle in the parlour and light a fire in the giant old hearth, and John makes slow, tender love to Sherlock on the pink, chintz sofa, in the glow of the flames, both of them laughing at the inconvenience of the location, when John’s knees keep slipping off the sofa.
She is all sharp reprimands, laced through with gentle affection, and pats to the hand, and cup, after cup of warm cocoa, and Sherlock loves her for it.
Now best to go home and have a nice bath, get some rest, and then eat a good hardy breakfast in the morning.”
He takes in the pink that is slowly returning to his cheeks, and the dark rings beneath his eyes that are fading, and the way that he subconsciously sways into Sherlock’s orbit, even here, even now, standing a few feet away from one another in the middle of a crowded zoo.
John smears his mouth against the hinge of Sherlock’s jaw, and Sherlock tilts his chin over, and down, and presses his lips against John’s forehead.
He had realised, in that moment, what a horrifying, and unbearable risk it was to love something mortal, and had sworn to never do it again.
John stares up at the bare tree branches joining and softly clicking above their heads in the soft breeze.
John’s hand slides up to rest against his chest, right over the spot where Mary’s bullet had nearly killed him.
Sherlock finally turns his attention to their other guest, who up until now has been completely silent.
Definitely not one that he took, and since it’s essentially nothing but a photo of his denim clad arse, not something that should be going to Mrs. Holmes either.
John’s face does something he can’t interpret.  “Yeah.  Of course.  Of course I’ll stay…  I’ll always stay.”
When they finally reach East Dean and Sherlock directs John to turn down a long semi-private lane, he is overcome with a rush of nerves.
There’s a door on the other side of the skip.  It’s old and rusted, clearly locked, and doesn’t look like it’s been opened recently, but the least he can do is try.  He picks the lock and cringes as the hinges squeak loudly in the echoing silence of the building. When he steps inside it’s to what appears to be an old office.  There is a desk thick with dust, a rusted filing cabinet with one drawer hanging out and another missing, an overturned desk chair, but on the floor there is a recent trail in the old dust, three sets of footprints, another set of someone being dragged.
But it was an orgy of blokes in the shower room at a swimming pool, and it had lit John up, made him hard as a rock, and had fuelled months of filthy, guilt-tinged fantasies after that.
Sherlock waits for him, waits for John’s toes to curl, for his body to go tense and taut, and balls to draw up.
“It’s not the roughness, the violence, though that’s there, it sits at the edges I think, but that’s something for later—much later.
He hopes that she has been clever enough to realise that there can never be one last deal with a man like Moriarty, that she has plans in place.
Sherlock strokes his hair, relishes in the feeling of his clean-shaven cheek, warm against his chest.
John smiles, eyes still shut, and then presses another kiss there, open mouthed, and wet, eyes sliding open to look up and lock with Sherlock’s, and Sherlock can’t look away, won’t look away for anything, because—it’s John.
The temperature inside the cottage has regrettably dropped in the short time they’ve stood talking, and John bustles about throwing more wood on the fire, and rearranging the furniture so that Sherlock’s chair is closest to the hearth.
John’s head tilts almost imperceptibly in the direction of his arse.  “Thought that was sort of obvious.”
John had ended up snapping, and there’d been a row, which had involved Sherlock slinking off into a corner to sulk, and John grumping around the flat, confused and irritated for two days, before Mrs. Hudson had told them both that they were completely nutters, and that she wasn’t going to see them fall apart when they’d barely started, so they’d better pull their oversized heads out of their too-tight arses, and talk about it.
There is a suddenly exclamation of alarm, followed by a torch, bouncing down the rock face, and disappearing into the pool below with a splash.
He strains for any sound, but hears nothing but the distant dripping of water, and the creaking and buckling of the metal roof out in the warehouse.
Thunder rolls, closer now, and the heavens open again, the steady white noise of the rain muting out the rest of the world until there is only that, just the rain, and the sounds of their breathing, the rustle of sheets, and the way they whisper one another’s names like a prayer and benediction between them.
It’s heady, the feeling of being inside of him, of Sherlock’s body pulsing around him, hungrily trying to pull him deeper, John wonders if he might not take a second finger.
“You—you who run an ASMR channel, ‘for science’, but who never seem to apply any of the data you collect to your work, you, who admit that it’s partially
He’s lovely, John thinks, in the way seeing a sunrise the morning after you never thought you’d wake again is lovely, or how the first sip of bracing coffee on an icy day is lovely, or how the night sky is lovely, when you are miles from anywhere, and it is simply a sea of light in the deep, velvet black.
Sherlock is panting against his neck, thrusting against him, selfishly chasing his own pleasure, and John adores him, simply adores him, and wonders how it is that he, of all people, should find himself here, like this, in the heart of London, in a flat he could never have afforded on his own, with this gorgeous wonder of a man, who he loves more than he ever thought possible, coming apart in his arms, in the middle of the lounge, in the middle of a Tuesday morning, in the middle March.
He feels Sherlock reach down to slick himself as well, and then his hand is back on John’s cock, moving, moving, oh fucking Christ!
He’d accompanied Mrs. Hudson to the gravesite a few weeks later, and then disappeared for almost two years.
And I know you didn’t mean anything, it was your own thing, your own experiences with your brother that made you assume…
Why John, who had wanted it to be in the safety of their own flat, their own bed the first time Sherlock made love to him, why John who in the early days used to fuss if they had to share a room on a case because ‘people might talk’, who flirted non-stop, but would look panicked if he even thought Sherlock might act on it, why tonight, in this very posh, and very public hotel is he laying himself bare, begging for Sherlock to touch him?
Sherlock wanders about the room, running his hands over the wood panelling, the wallpaper, the old gas wall sconces that have long ago been converted to electricity.
Pushing himself up, he sits back on Sherlock’s thighs and starts to unbutton his shirt, and Sherlock lets him, relishes in the sensation of John laying him bare.
He plays it two or three times more, and then decides to move on to some of Sherlock’s other ASMR videos he has yet to watch.
John grins the grin that’s starting to become quite familiar—a little charmed, a little shy, undeniably fond.
He can hear John and Huxtable extending their thanks to the boys as they leave, and then John’s footsteps racing up behind him.
He swings the door to his bedroom open and, to his great surprise, almost trips over John who is laying on the floor, back propped up against the wall, legs extending across the doorway.
Sherlock stares down at the top of John’s head, at the way he’s tried and failed to style his hair exactly the same as the hair stylist had the day before.
#Roleplay, #Sexual Roleplay, #Doctor/Patient Roleplay, #Victorian Roleplay, #Prostate Massage, #Prostate Orgasm
Sherlock curls the finger already inside him, rubs gently, watches John tense, and surge, and rock, waits until his eyes roll back and he moans obscenely loud into the rose-pink glow of the room, before pressing again with the second finger, and to his surprise, John takes it.
John watches Margaret wrap an arm around Mrs. Hudson’s waist, and then turns his attention back to Rosie.
John flails for a brief moment, and then grabs onto Sherlock’s shoulders to right himself, his face a confused, florid thing of beauty.
John arches a brow, and for a minute Sherlock thinks he’s going to deny spiking his drink, but then he just grins and laughs.
No, at this hour he is probably in bed, getting a few hours of sleep before breakfasting on Oolong and melon, and an unending mountain of paperwork he will attend to until some crises or another calls him away to the office.
Worry, laced through with a grief he’s unwilling to let himself feel, worried, perhaps, that it will usher into the existence the very thing he fears beyond all else.
But then he remembers Mrs. Hudson’s portrait of the last two years, and notices the trembling of John’s hands, his wrists, his arms, his shoulders…
John reaches down and lubes his other hand, reaches behind himself, slides easily between his cleft, and finds his entrance.
It’s a lonely week, one in which he almost gives up on everything, starts to wonder if he’d just been fooling himself when he thought he could matter to someone like Sherlock, starts to think that he is dim, and dull, and useless, and that there is nothing someone like him can do to pull Sherlock back from the brink he sees him teetering on, and that is why it comes as an almost welcome surprise when he walks out the door of his flat on Saturday morning and comes face-to-face with Mycroft Holmes.
It’s probably half the strange, clinging bond anyone feels right after they’ve shared a mutual trauma.
John is smarter than he looks, and he is fairly sure Sherlock knows that, but he’s always been willing to play the fool if it means Sherlock stands a little taller.
He is well dressed, but his clothes are a few season’s old, they’ve obviously been kept well hung and ventilated, cleaned properly, mended professionally.
It’s early, still dark as he pads back into the kitchen, turns on the light over the cooker, and then fills the kettle.
It’s just a press of warm lips to John’s cold forehead, but it seems to leach the last of the panic from his bloodstream.
And after they’ve eaten, and stood together at the sink, washing up the few dishes they’ve used, John stretches, and declares that he thinks he’s still going to turn in early, like they’d planned.
Better to be here together, now, after everything—friends, partners, two men in love spending the rest of their days together, come what may, just as they’d always meant to.
John nods back, his hands sliding up Sherlock’s back, and down, hesitating at his waist, thumbs tracing crescents over his hipbones through the wool of his trousers.
John’s pupils are dark and wide, his breath impossibly shallow, but his hand against Sherlock’s scalp is steady and sure.
They can’t eat takeaway five days in a row anymore, they can’t pull all-nighters without a headache the next day, and they can’t chase shadowy figures down damp cobblestone streets for miles without feeling it for days afterwards, apparently.
But even that had been complicated, and in retrospect more about their shared taste for chasing the next high, than sincere mutual affection.
You’re slipping, and there’s nothing I can do about it, and I—I can’t stop thinking about what would happen if I lost you again.
John stares out the window at the countryside racing by, all brown, now the snow has melted, with little patches of green here and there.
It’s barely a whisper, and John can hear the desperation, and the pain, and the fucking, pathetic weakness, but he wants, god how he wants.
John looks up, and Sherlock catches his eye, holds his gaze, feels a little awed at the flush of John’s cheeks, the glistening pink of his lips, the heavy weight of his eyelids drooping over irises that have all but disappeared.
“Yes, parents who want to unburden themselves of their spawn often like to assuage their guilt by ensuring their child’s prison is the best that money can buy.”
They chat about everything and nothing, about Mrs. Hudson, and Margaret, and Rosie coming that evening, about the little village, and it’s odd assortment of locals, and the likelihood of crimes being committed, and Sherlock goes on about the beehives for awhile, and John just listens, with a smile on his face, happy to see him so passionate about something that doesn’t involve death and dismemberment.
He eats well, he chats, and laughs at the telly, and he lets Sherlock help him to bed, when the traffic outside the flat begins to thin, and the city quiets as much as it ever does.
Sherlock has already moved on and is rooting through his sock drawer, he produces another baggie throws it on the bed, and then heads out to the kitchen, still stark naked, and John can hear him digging around in the cabinets.
Sherlock swallows, cheeks flushed and wet, beads of sweat running down his forehead, chest flushed red.
“No, I believe today is Mrs. Hudson’s day to go to the shops, and then out to lunch with Mrs. Turner.”
John feels more himself, but still he seeks out Sherlock’s warmth, the long, lean planes of his body, the comfort, the rightness of it.
By the time they get back to the flat, Mrs. Hudson is gone, and John pushes Sherlock up against the wall in the foyer, and kisses him until he is breathless and half hard.
John’s body moves with his breath, like swells on the sea, and Sherlock can feel each muscle rise and fall, thighs, chest, abdomen.
Mycroft’s eyes snap up to him when he speaks, and his face does something delightful, like he’s just tasted a bit of bitter medicine he knows he must swallow none-the-less.
He has conspired to abduct Arthur, he is most likely an accessory to Heidegger’s murder, however unwitting.
John strips out of his jumper, his shirt, his vest.  And Sherlock sees, for the first time, the scar from the exit wound at his shoulder.  It is, in a word, a mess. Clearly something that had been patched together in the field, reworked at a field hospital and then been subjected to several surgeries afterwards, to remove infected tissue, and correct hasty suturing.  John’s shoulders rise and fall, his breath quickening. He can clearly feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, but does he really want Sherlock here? And is Sherlock just meant to watch, or is this an invitation to more. Sherlock has never been very adept at reading the subtleties of flirtation.  He’s taught himself reasonably well over the years. It can be useful. But John isn’t someone with whom he wants to take the risk of getting it wrong.
Sherlock seems to catch himself, but John has barged through the door before he even realises what he’s doing.
And he knows that his tone is communicating something more than like, but he can’t bring himself to care.
Everything online, but we met, finally, a few days ago, and—we just didn’t want to be apart after that.”
He feels his cheeks heat, and this must please John as much as seeing John blush pleases him, because one corner of his mouth twitches, and his eyes soften, and his hands find their way back to Sherlock’s hips as he takes a step forward and pulls Sherlock’s naked body against his clothed one.
He turns around to the sink and wets a flannel, turns back around and wipes gently at John’s abdomen.
Sherlock’s hand is still on John’s thigh, and John wonders how in the name of all that is holy someone like him managed to get so bloody lucky.
Sherlock’s instinct is to scoff, but he seems paralysed by the possibility, that for some reason has not occurred to him until now.
He straddles the chair, and settles down on John’s lap, facing him, looks down at him, eyes taking in every minute physiological change at once.
Sherlock swallows, apprehensive at his tone, like it’s something rather momentous, something that isn’t easy for him to ask.
John crawls over, leans in, leans over, and kisses him, and Sherlock hums low in his throat, and reaches out for him, which lands them both side-by-side on the carpet again.
He takes another sip of tea, and then sets the cup down on the table, and moves to the hearth to scatter the logs.
And Sherlock is totally thrown, isn’t quite sure what he’s asking, so he only shakes his head in confusion.
Sherlock remembers the way John held him, the careful way he conducted their first interview, the way he intuited Sherlock’s particular neurology, his unique needs and desires.
And so it is, that afternoon, that Sherlock Holmes sets out for a case in Paris, and so it is later that same day, that an ambulance pulls up to the front of 221b, and whisks John Watson away, and if he never arrives at his destination, and instead disappears without a trace, and if Sherlock never shows up in the City of Light, well so be it.
They lay close together in the dark, staring at the ceiling and listening to the waves roar and thump against the cliffs.
Sherlock buries his face back in John’s neck, his lips pressing behind John’s ear, travelling down to the cup of his throat.  John lets his eyes slide shut, cards his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and holds on tight as he tries to remember how to breathe.
He can hear John talking to her, quiet and close, as he turns the oven back on and fills a small pan with food.
John whose cheeks are flushed pink when he pulls away, but whose eyes are still full and unwavering.
He doubts he would be able to hear a whisper, but he’d feel it, and he could certainly hear a murmur at this point.”
It’s an impressive feat of dexterity and coordination, the most ridiculous thing they’ve ever done, Sherlock thinks, and tells John so, and John giggles breathlessly, still drunk on endorphins, and then produces a pack of baby wipes from somewhere, gets them both cleaned up, and they carry on their way.
Sherlock goes into the kitchen, pours a glass of water and grabs one of the apples Mrs. Hudson brought from the bowl on the table.  He takes a deep breath. He goes upstairs.
She waits a long time for him to master himself, and when he is finally able to lean forward and take a sip of cold tea, she continues.
Bathing Rosie will likely wake him, which is regrettable, but selfishly Sherlock hopes to see him a little after almost an entire day without.
It’s something that still awes John a little, every time, because he doesn’t need to do it, and John has told him so, and still Sherlock does, says he likes it, likes having John’s cells inside his body.
He dips down and brushes his nose through John’s hair, it’s enough for John to look back up at him, lick his lips slow in anticipation.
The stretch as a second finger joins the first is bordering on uncomfortable, but the almost pain sets a bright hot flare to the edge of his pleasure, and he pushes his arse upward in a frantic attempt to get Sherlock to go deeper.
Using prior contacts, he now has a network that stretches through 15 countries here, on the Continent, Asia and the Middle East.
John is just looking at him, brows twisted quizzically at his sudden and seeming inability to string a sentence together.
If we are going to try to do this, then you have to stop making excuses for me, and you have to stop blaming yourself for everything.
I guess I never really thought of you as the kind of kid who would have been into imaginative play.”
He’s lying on the sofa, hands tented under his chin, doing his best to ignore whatever inane thing it is John’s put on the telly for Rosie while he makes supper.
He’s scrambles up, hurries to the loo, strips his sheets and pillowcase, and shrugs hurriedly into some pyjamas before ringing Sherlock back.
As a result Sherlock isn’t quite sure if the huffing against his neck is due to John’s pique, or the exertion, but either way he’s finding it impossibly distracting.
The nursery already accepts me as a legal guardian due to the residence order, and as you well know people assume, and have been assuming about the two of us for years, so…”
And John goes, sits on the edge of Sherlock’s bed with his hand clasped in his lap, feeling like a boy sent to the headmaster’s office, and Jesus Christ, but that thought should not be getting him this hard.
It’s across the room on the the other nightstand, and John leaps up, stumbles and nearly falls over Sherlock’s shoes, which are sitting neatly by his bed, throws himself across his bed, and shuts it off with a groan.
It’s the sort of thing that takes time, and patience, and luckily he finds himself with both tonight.
There is a residence order his brother had rushed through for them just a few months prior, so Sherlock is John’s alternate.
In the end, Rosie proves a true Watson and greets her fate with the sort of calm, resigned courage one would expect.
And Sherlock wants to object, on principal, because he’s Sherlock, and it galls to think that there is anything he doesn’t understand, but he
He waits until they’re outside and walking toward the comparable quiet of the carpark before bothering to explain.
John feels himself clench around Sherlock's cock, and Sherlock lets out a strangled cry, and starts to thrust in earnest.
Sherlock isn’t sure what to say, or what to ask, so he says nothing, just continues to stare down at John’s head, to process the sensation of his small, warm hands resting on Sherlock’s hips.
They drive the rest of the way in uncomfortable silence, and it isn’t until they finally wind through the vast park, pull around the circular drive, and up to the public entrance of the huge manor house that now serves as a preparatory school, that John whistles low, and speaks.
It means something to John, that Sherlock trusts him enough, finally, to let him see him make mistakes, let him see him fall, and help him back up again.
he feels a searing pain in his arm, sees Sherlock’s gun fire a millisecond later, and he slams into his body in the same instant that a searing heat engulfs them.
It’s all weirdly formal, given the fact that they had just met the day before, and it was nothing like this.
John stares up at the ceiling for a long time.  Sherlock is just about to get up and throw another log on the fire, when he finally speaks again.
It’s hard for him to imagine Mrs. Hudson anywhere but in the hustle and bustle of London, but here he is, after all—quiet, content, feeling the full warmth of the sun on his face for the first time in what feels like years.
“The way your Dad hurt you, that’s how you’ll hurt him if you lay a hand on me, and it’s the way you’re hurting me right now, locking him up wherever it is he is, the way you’ve done.
John’s eyes drift downward, and Sherlock grins.  “No. Quite the contrary. You never cease to surprise me.  That’s novel for me.”
Sherlock frowns, and John shakes his head, hurrying to clarify.  “No. No. Not just the sex. Not that. If you didn’t like it we don’t ever have to do it again, I mean that.  I just—I just meant—letting go. Letting everything go. I didn’t realise how that would feel.”
A wave of anxiety crashes over him, but when John doesn’t pull away, doesn’t try to leave, but only curls in closer, Sherlock feels some of it dissipate.
John keeps his voice low, because it seems appropriate in the warm cocoon of a space they’ve created for themselves.
How, given the orgasm he had enjoyed only a few hours prior, Sherlock will never know, but he’s not about to complain.
Likenesses of nearly 500 years worth of the Holdernesse clan, and unchanged, over all that time, some very distinct features of the bloodline.”
I get it, you’re a consulting detective, you work with the police sometimes, you’ve been called in on this Serial Suicides case that isn’t suicides, but actually murders.
John’s fingers slide a little deeper, curl slightly, and then Sherlock’s hips are jerking forward at the burst of something hot, and tight, and earth-shatteringly bright.  He lets out a shout of surprise, and feels himself leak over John’s belly.  And he’s not coming, not really, but…
John glances up at him, pauses for a moment, a calm breath in the midst of the maelstrom that has been his morning thus far.
“Yes.”  Sherlock withdraws slowly, shivers when John groans deep, and low in his throat, and then John is pushing up, thighs already trembling, taking Sherlock in hand, and guiding him where he wants him.  John is slick, and open, and ready, and Sherlock looks up at him in awe as he sinks down. He makes a small sound, and pauses the moment Sherlock’s head presses in, and Sherlock props his elbows against the mattress, and lifts his hands up to give John the support he needs to take as long as he wants.  He feels John settle against his hands a little, the shaking in his weak leg subsides a bit. Sherlock knows it has to be hurting him. The leg is growing stronger every day, but it still…
Sherlock is kissing him again, his body half atop John’s, one hand cradling his face, the other sliding over his chest.
He seems rather relieved to see them, as he was no doubt not looking forward to having to go out of his way to turn their luggage in to the police.
The address suggests it came from the Duke, the postmark that it was likely delivered the day he went missing.
Sherlock smiles back, winks, and then gets up and heads for the bedroom.  There is no question that John will follow. It’s what John does, always, without question.  And that is the crux of the thing that they have been exploring between them, of late. Well—Sherlock has been exploring it.  He wonders how aware John has been.
John rolls his eyes as Sherlock darts from the cab in the middle of traffic, scrambles around in his billfold for some cash, which he tosses at the cabbie, and then follows after him.
Sherlock moves to a nearby rock and sits down on it to don his skates, and John joins him, nudging him a little bit with his shoulder.
You should have seen the way he let a bunch of minors stroll into the club just because they flashed him a smile and a bit of leg.”
I did not invite you or the London police onto this case simply to spread unfounded and disgraceful rumours about one of this school’s greatest patrons!”
He’s had a CT, has been given the all clear, but now here he is pressing his head against the cold, rain-mottled window of the cab, shivering and willing his stomach to stop churning.
That he is standing alone on the pool deck, body awash with adrenaline, still weighed down with enough explosives to take out anyone unfortunate enough to be on that level, and that Sherlock Holmes is standing there, just a few feet away, eyes still glued to the door the man has just disappeared through.
There were multiple sightings of a boy and a man travelling together the morning after he went missing, but none of them match the description of Arthur or Heidegger.”
John goes back to youtube, maximises the screen, and just stares for a moment, before pressing play again.
Perhaps John will find different ways to touch him, ways that make him feel the way he does right now, safe beneath the weight of Johns’ body, with the comfort of John’s breath against his skin, the feather-light brush of John’s hair beneath his chin, and his hand splayed small and warm over his heart.
It feels incredible, and John can’t help but grind against Sherlock’s stomach, just a little, just a tiny little rock of his hips, and then another.
How dare Ms. Adler just show up on his doorstep AFTER he had already gone to all the trouble of getting a warrant, AFTER he had burned bridges with John.
He knows it, he’s learned to embrace it, and yet here is John Watson, a near stranger, and he seemingly wants this, wants Sherlock’s closeness, the warmth of his body, the strength of his embrace.
He’s trembling, now, the effort of restraint unbearable beneath the weight of what is passing between them.
Sherlock demands, and John chuckles, steps a bit closer, and drops his hands from Sherlock’s hair, to his shoulders, pulls him against his chest, gentle, but sure.
There’s a plastic cup on the side of the tub that John just assumes Sherlock uses to rinse his hair when he washes it in the bath, and he snatches it up, plunges it beneath the surface, and then brings it up again, pushing himself up on his knees in an attempt to dump it over Sherlock’s head, but slips instead, and topples against his chest.
But then there are other times, like tonight, when he looks across the table at warm candlelight hitting alabaster skin, bouncing off inky curls, and reflecting fire in iceberg-blue eyes, and pushes all that worry to the back of his head, because he wants this, more than he has words to describe.
Sherlock toes off his own shoes, snatches the small torch from John’s hand, and dashes for the wall.
The man’s eyes flit to Sherlock, and he scowls with an air of disgust before turning back to address John.
I understand that a neat, clean environment may be important to you, and how having the full weight of the tidying responsibilities fall on your shoulders alone, might be—frustrating.
And John’s voice is soft in a way that Sherlock hasn’t heard in years, not since before he’d left, before everything fell apart between them, and he isn’t sure if John is talking about this, here, the drug, or if he’s talking about the whole of them, everything they are now after losing so much, after almost losing everything.
He wants to say it feels like the first time he was in love, but he’d never allowed himself this, never even gotten this far with the first person he’d been in love with, and he’s been with enough people since then, but he never felt this.
He invited you to climb up the lattice on the side of the house, and into his room, where the two of you had a little chat—a short one—during which you paced up and down, and then crawled back out the window, and sat on the roof outside, smoking a cigarette and watching what happened next. Once you were sure he was dead, you left the same way you’d come.”
Sherlock listens to him putter about the kitchen, humming softly to himself, and suddenly he feels so fond it’s rather overwhelming.
He pushes the remnants of their meal off to the side and spreads the blanket out over the huge dining table, and then turns around with the cushion still in his hand.
He surges forward, straight toward Sherlock at incredible speed, and John only just has time to lunge out into the room and shout a warning for him to stop, before he’s on them.
“Phylogenetic tree, and it’s not a real tree like grows in the park, it’s a sort of tree-like drawing that helps to categorise kinds of life.
At least a dozen emails from his sister Harry, none of which he has any interest in replying to, a bunch of spam, most of them ads for Sildenafil, or something similar, because he’d clicked on that one PornHub ad, that one time, and…
When he gets back out he dries himself briskly, efficiently, and then dresses in his pyjamas and goes and drinks a cup of coffee.
Please check the tags.  Several new tags have been added due to John's grief coming to a head in this chapter, in a pretty dramatic way.  If raw grief and grieving, or dissociation are upsetting or triggering  for you, you may want to avoid this chapter.
Sherlock looks at him oddly for a moment, before dropping his eyes and smiling against the rim of his mug as he takes his first tentative sip.
He tries to ignore the sound of the water in the shower switching on, tries not to think about what it might mean, John showering—what he might be expecting.
He hates John Watson for his sea-dusk blue eyes, and his small, square hands, and his body that is soft and strong all at once, all the while smelling of honey, and tea and verbena.
He swallows tight and dry, and tries to momentarily quell the nervous energy vibrating from every cell.
He takes John’s face in his hands, and kisses him deep, moans into his mouth so that John will know, how it is he wants him, what it is he does to him, what it
Sherlock feels his eyes fill, and doesn’t know why, but John is looking at him in a way that is unmistakable, and so he nods, tries—for John.  “Yes, I.  I suppose I should have, but I—I couldn’t be sure, and when it comes to this, to us, I would rather err on the side of caution.”
Besides, in retrospect, perhaps I shouldn’t have been openly discussing the size of your cock in the middle of Boots.”
He’s been off his food again lately, distracted with god knows what, but John’s had to nudge him out of one of his sofa-bound, mind palace excursions more times than he can count the last few months.
There is some description of child abuse suffered by John at the hands of his father when he was three or four years old.  This is shared in the context of a therapy session.  There is also brief reference to the deleted scene with Magnussen and Sherlock in the hospital in HLV.
John’s head snaps up, like he wants to contradict, but whatever it is he sees in Sherlock’s eyes seems to stop him short.
He gasps quietly, and then sighs when John squeezes and pulls him close enough for Sherlock to feel him half hard against his stomach.
At the moment it appears he’s instructing her on stove safety, ensuring she doesn’t put her hands on it and burn herself.
He makes it sound like Sherlock is forcing his hand, like he’s hurting him, manipulating him, and it’s not at all what Sherlock intended.
A single light flickers to life some distance ahead, and then starts coming toward them, at high speed.
And Sherlock doesn’t ask for why’s or what happened.  There will be time for that later. He presses the cradle of his hands gently against John’s.  “It wasn’t your fault. None of this was remotely your fault.”
Sherlock moans loud, and then makes a strangled sound that turns into a shout, and spills all over John’s stomach.
They lie together a long while—quiet, sated, content.  There isn’t a need for words. Words would be inadequate.  He must drift off, because when he opens his eyes again, the light has changed, their bodies have cooled, and he is sticky in a soiled condom, and John is just stepping back into the room, naked, and rumpled, and holding out a clean flannel and the small metal trash bin from the bathroom.
Sherlock continues to mutter and tremble, and John considers, for a wild, stupid moment, actually trying to shake him awake.
He freezes for a moment, instinct to turn and run, but then he ends up hurrying to catch up anyway, because who knows what mayhem Sherlock might cause.
He could take something, but if he’s honest he’d rather wait until John wakes up and let him doctor him a little more.
John’s eyes snap up to his, and to Sherlock surprise and concern, begin to look suspiciously damp before he lowers them again.
Across from him, John sets his plate down and gets to his feet.  “I’ll just…”  He jerks his chin in the direction of the loo, and Sherlock nods his head in acknowledgement.
John’s head is on his shoulder, his fingers stir lightly against Sherlock’s chest, his breath is a soft warmth against Sherlock’s shirt.
Sherlock’s breath catches, and a surge of arousal bursts in his abdomen, spreads outwards, downwards.
He looks up at Sherlock, who is naked and dripping, except for a small towel he’s hastily wrapped around his waist.
John sits up, settles on Sherlock’s thighs and shrugs out of his shirt, tosses it onto the bed beside him.
He nuzzles his nose against John’s scalp, and pushes his thigh between John’s legs, and pulls him close.
There are times when Sherlock thinks there may be no end to the new things he might like to try, something which has surprised him, given the complete dearth of interest he’d had before John came along.
He’s sodding overreacting, and Sherlock is getting that quiet way about him, that means that he’s trying to make himself small, to not set John off, and isn’t that just the shite icing on this whole fucking nightmare of a cake John’s just created out of absolutely nothing at all.
John strokes the spot again and Sherlock realises to late that he about to come, or at least it feels like he is, but whatever it is that John is doing seems to be stretching the moment out, further, and further, until his body is nothing but an all-encompassing ball of pleasure, wave after wave of if.
Sherlock just nods, every ounce of his shocked brain that can still function focussed entirely on the sensations John is teasing from his body.  The heat, the tension, the delicious pull. He thinks about what his fingers had only barely brushed a moment before, and he sucks in a breath at the fresh surge of pleasure.
Sherlock wants him here at his side, he’s made that amply clear, on more than one occasion, since John moved back, and that’s enough.
When they resume they come up two steps at a time, and then stop dead at the entrance to the kitchen.
He strokes gently upward, over his nape, and then massages the base of his skull, before gliding his hand down again.
Sherlock sucks in a ragged breath, wills himself not to make a sound, but John hesitates anyway, slowly retreats, hands returning to his lower back, and then suddenly squeezing, firm, kneading the muscle either side of his spine and pulling their bodies achingly close.
John’s smile falters for a moment, but then returns when his eyes drop down, and catch sight of Sherlock nervously worrying the cuffs of his dressing gown between his fingers.  “Why not?”
Sherlock opens his eyes and cranes his neck to look over to the entrance to the kitchen where John is wearing a red and white striped apron over worn jeans and an oversized jumper.
By the time John comes back downstairs Sherlock’s managed to work himself into a fine sulk, and he isn’t even entirely sure why.
“My personal fantasies always seemed much more satisfying, and much less fraught with potential hazards.”
The pleasure is electric, a hot jolt of sensation that infuses John’s every cell, and makes his toes curl and mouth fall open.
He needs the release, because even if he had been handling things on his own these last few weeks, as he suggested, it’s likely his anger had him tied up in knots enough that he’d not let himself go.
John has to look away; still not used to Sherlock occasionally being so forthcoming with his regard.
He’d not really thought this far, and even if he had, he doubts that he could have imagined any scenario quite like this.
It takes them a moment to recover, to realise they’ve now soiled John’s side of the bed as well as Sherlock’s.
Sherlock ignores the last of them, as the office door swings open revealing a duo of raised voices, that of the Duke’s personal secretary, Mr. Wilder, and the very red-faced, and very agitated current headmaster.
Sherlock pushes to his feet and heads for the closet, and his clothes, wills his body to settle and calm.
Sherlock lets out a small grunt of surprise, gasps, toes curling, and then moans long, and loud, and feels John’s lips lift from his neck for a moment, puff a hot breath against his neck, feels his own cock fill and throb against John’s palm, feels that bright, hot thing he’s only ever been able to tease from himself on rare occasions, already starting to build.
Sherlock’s skill and value can make Lestrade very understanding, and Mycroft has the fine talent of making almost anything disappear, but best not to press his luck in either instance, and if he hadn’t said something tonight, hadn’t shouted John’s name over the din of the driving rain, and broken through the red fog of John’s fury, he isn’t sure if John would have stopped in time.
Now I know I’m sitting in my lounge, on my sofa, puts a bit of a different spin on things, doesn’t it.”
He was going to cook a little something for his supper, but now it’s dark he doesn’t seem to have the energy.
Sherlock goes exploring, and stops dead, eyes snapping up to John’s when he encounters something he wasn’t expecting nestled there.
the corner of John’s mouth twists bitterly, and he stares down at the floor with a shake of his head.
John slides his foot up against Sherlock’s under the table, and Sherlock casts a sympathetic eye on him.
They already regularly share responsibilities for her, but John’s anxiety is clearly indicative of just how big a shift he deems Sherlock’s proposal to be.
To John’s surprise, large, warm hands lock over his wrists, raise them over his head, and pin them to the wall.
Please note that I will be writing a sequel to this story, which will encompass the events of S2 (with some twists and turns away from canon, and a much happier outcome--promise).  I imagine I will start posting that this summer as I have some other commitments and projects to attend to between then and now.
He dabs gently at Sherlock’s knuckles with a piece of gauze from the first aid kit balancing on the edge of the sink.
He is unsure how many sessions he might be able to string out of this arrangement before John grows tired of him.
Once they reach it, they go their separate ways, John to the loo, and Sherlock in the bedroom to undress, and change into his pyjamas.
“Yes, I know.  It’s why I’m here.”  His eyes flit to Sherlock’s momentarily, and then return to Greg.  “Have you told him?”
If you read the last chapter right after I posted it, you might notice that the location of the school has changed from that chapter to this.  I simply changed my mind on where to locate it, and I've updated Chapter 9 now, but if you read it early, you probably saw the original.  Shouldn't effect your enjoyment too much, I hope.
They sit in comfortable silence, enjoying the ridiculous indulgence of their shared bath, and Sherlock almost wonders if John is falling asleep when he suddenly speaks.
He’d suggest they go back if not for the fact that Sherlock seems so keen on the case, so much so, that John has begun to suspect that it’s more than meets the eye.
The pleasure builds fast and sudden, a hot twist in his centre that explodes in bright burst of electric heat.
There’s a scramble of limbs, and suddenly John is being hoisted up and out of the tub, lowered onto the bath mat and a towel that’s come from god knows where, and Sherlock is crawling on top of him right there on the floor of the loo.
They must fall asleep that way, because when Sherlock wakes some time later, it is to the first, pink streaks of dawn painting the walls across from him, to John’s limbs still tangled with his, and John’s fingers still tangled in his hair and resting lightly against his jaw, and to John’s breath wafting against his lips.
He reaches down and lays a hand on his forehead, which really isn’t necessary, but this is Sherlock being a miracle and a menace in one lovely package.
He was still strict, still always insisting it was his way or nothing, but by the time I came along he’d started drinking just to get through the day, and he was outright drunk at least a few times a week.
Sherlock has no chance of exploring this—thing—whatever it is, with the only person, save one unfortunate other, who has ever had this effect on him.
And John just blinks at the bright green coat, and lustrous black hair, and twinkling, mischievous brown eyes, and tries to swallow down the urge to slam the door again.
He doesn’t know where he ends and John begins anymore, and it’s the most overwhelmingly perfect sensation he has ever experienced—to be himself and someone else all at once, and to want it, to lose himself in it—wholly, without hesitation, without fear.
Sherlock feels his cheeks start to heat, but he goes eagerly, and the blushing always seems to charm John, so it works in his favour.
Sherlock feels simultaneously irritated by and relieved that John’s previous lovers have evidently been so inadequate.
His words run together, loose tongued, loose limbed, a lock of hair has come loose and is hanging over one eye.
It’s a different background than usual, a bookcase littered with a variety of dusty oddities, and Science seated in a black, leather chair, a large, leather-bound book resting on his lap.
He swipes his tongue in a long line along the crease of John’s thigh, and John’s head falls back against the wall with a soft thud.
“And you are clearly in my brother’s back pocket, so don’t pretend you don’t know he’s warned me off the case.”
There are still lights on upstairs when his Uber driver pulls up to the kerb in front of 221b Baker Street, and John gets out with nothing: no phone, no bags, no cane.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s body, and rocks upward a little as Sherlock cards his fingers through John’s hair and cradles his skull in his hand, and when Sherlock’s lips break away from his with a breathy ‘uhh’, John grinds against him some more, and relishes in the growing slickness between their bodies, the sweat, and evidence of both of their near unbearable arousal.
Today’s video is primarily auditory in nature, but I will be integrating some mild tactile elements as well.
He makes Rosie her tea, and texts John at work to tell him what happened and not to go to the nursery to pick her up.
John pulls back and Sherlock must see the confusion written all over John’s face, because he nods toward the candle, the wine, the two red roses in a vase at the side of the table.
Christ, even I probably have a drink or two too many sometimes, and don’t you dare tell my sister I said that.
When he gets to the kitchen Sherlock is standing in front of the fridge with the door open, investigating its contents.
John’s fingers knot in his own hair, he presses back like he’s willing the very walls to absorb him.
Hears the soft shuffling of blankets, the click of the nightlight, the slight squeak of the door as John pulls it shut behind him, and then John’s slow tread on the stairs.
And so Sherlock makes a few videos to appease the masses, and John makes a vlog that Sherlock later teases is all about him while seeming inordinately pleased by that, so John can’t be too put out.
He squeezes his arse again, slides a finger down his cleft, and Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath, awash with sensation.
He doesn’t linger to help him up, instead he just hurries down hallway, and shuts the door to the loo.
John smears his lips over the tendon in Sherlock’s neck, and then pulls back, looks up, captures Sherlock’s eyes with his own.
He gets out first, and insists Sherlock stay in the water until he’s dashed downstairs and gotten them some pyjamas out of their bags.
It’s strange, this, sitting in bed, talking to Sherlock, seeing him, knowing that there are only a few miles of city streets between them.
John lets go, pulls the towel from his shoulder and dries his hands.  “Nope. I’m not doing this with you.”
Bit of a short one today, folks.  Apologies.  More tomorrow, as today is my last day of work until the new year!
John reads the questions and huffs a laugh into his coffee cup as he raises it to his lips for another sip.
His shoulder screams at him in protest and he ignores it, thrusts his hips upward at nothing, but then realises he’s can get a little friction from the brush of his pants and trousers, and so keeps at it, and this time Sherlock doesn’t try to stop him.
Things seem to go more smoothly after that, because John and a completely clothed Rosie are back downstairs and eating breakfast by the time Sherlock gets out of the shower.
He falls asleep in a sea of memory, a sea that swells and grows stormier, and stormier, the deeper he falls.
He desperately wants to retreat to the sofa, and the quiet of his mind, to give it all time to sort itself, but John is in the kitchen, washing up the few dishes from their shared breakfast when he reaches the top of the stairs, and Sherlock is immediately distracted.
He’s starting to lose awareness of everything else, his senses frantic, desperately trying to sort the data, fighting to narrow their focus.
“Yeah, well maybe you think me hurting you isn’t a big deal, but I happen to know it is—from personal experience—so excuse me if I…”
He’d finally had a chance to get some private shopping in, and what had seemed a risky prospect a few weeks ago, seems more and more like the right decision with each passing day.
It seems too private, somehow, to just sit and watch in the middle of the tube, but he doesn’t want to wait until he gets home.
John unwraps him slowly, the way you might unwrap a gift you have been wanting for ages, but never thought you would receive, the sort that almost seems too precious to rush.
After awhile he stops and pulls them close to his chest, all without once looking Sherlock in the eye.
Suddenly there is a terrified cry, and a shadow races past him in dark, followed by the sickening crack and crunch of bone against stone.
John smells different like this, there is a musk and a salt tang to his bare skin that is heady and delicious, and Sherlock’s mouth waters.
Mrs. Hudson doesn’t leave until he’s cleared his plate, and she points a finger down the hallway to his bedroom as she gathers the dishes and leaves again.
His brother says the other children aren’t worth his time, so far below his level as to be almost insignificant.
Sherlock graces their housekeeper with one of his most charming smiles, and he can almost feel John rolling his eyes.
