Also (and I make no promises, but) I'm desperately hoping for a mini update-bomb towards the end of July (by which I mean a couple weekly updates in a row or something of that ilk, to make up for past slowness). Since that's sort of this fic's birthday and because why not. We'll see how that goes but for now, know I fill just about every free minute I have with frenzied typing.
“It’s not like I asked for any of this,” said John, an uncharacteristic aggression in his voice. “I wasn’t planning on dying. That’s on you.”
“I may also have chemicals lying about, and might use the kitchen table for experiments.” Sherlock sighed. “Problem?”
Soo Lin shifted, eyes dropping to her lap once more. “It was bad enough when we were being led by Shan. But it was much worse when she was killed, and
Mycroft sat back with a very tiny, very fake smile. “As I said a moment ago, there are only two possible explanations. Either you are the dead man in the photograph, or you are trying to be. Now, the dead man in the photograph is one John Watson, a military doctor, stationed and killed in Afghanistan. You seem to match the profile. You look like him, you conduct yourself like he would, and you’ve lived and worked at the very least similarly to him. But he’s dead.”
Sherlock had thought that he and Moriarty were intellectual equals, perhaps, which had been thrilling in its own way. But this was different. This was beyond being matched in intellect or resources or ambition. This was Newton’s Third Law.
John thought for a moment. “Married, no children, retired, house painter. You? A second opinion would be nice. I don’t need one, mind, I just like to remind you of how completely stupid you are sometimes.”
But Mycroft didn’t pause. “Not to mention the sensitive nature of the circumstances surrounding this man’s demise. His death might not be unusual, but he died in the course of his duty, in an active warzone, responding to a situation of national importance. You’ve taken advantage of a soldier with the potential for posthumous decorations, and I haven’t even touched on your possible reasons for doing so.”
Finally, Sherlock sighed, and took out his mobile phone. He opened up the timer application, and reset it. He held the phone in one hand, and he held his other hand out carefully, an inch away from Watson.
“Don’t issue ultimatums,” said Sherlock, although the corner of his mouth twitched upwards in a faint hint of a smile.
Mycroft sighed. “It would be a risk for Sherlock, pointless for me, and has thus far proven been a waste of time and effort for my subordinates.”
“And we know that, before that time, he must have carried out assassinations through different means. Probably through less secure third parties,” Sherlock added. “The Black Lotus has only been operating in London since Gruner partnered with Moriarty a year and a half ago, so Moriarty couldn’t have been using Zhi Zhu before Moran. His empire must have undergone a remarkably rapid expansion a year and a half ago—he’s made millions of pounds through Gruner and the Black Lotus, and acquired his own personal assassin, in the last eighteen months alone. And those are only two of his numerous criminal ventures.”
Sherlock paced to the windows. “It would be very ambitious of him,” he said. But it didn’t sound anywhere near as confident as John needed it to be.
John bit his lip. Something told him there was even more to it that he’d missed. “Maybe Lestrade and Mycroft can find him,” he ventured.
And yet, John was used to situations like this. His head was perfectly clear, and for the first time since Sherlock had woken him up in that morgue, he knew exactly what he needed to do.
seems to be enjoying chatting with you,” he said, hesitating before holding the envelope out to Sherlock. “You know about as much as I do at this point, Sexy.”
“You talk too much, Mr. Holmes,” said the woman flatly, and Sherlock almost laughed with excitement.
“It’s not the delay that’s got you upset,” said John, after a moment of watching Sherlock furiously typing.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I can assist with getting your residence repaired. But you can’t use the space for work until it is safe to do so.”
Then again, it would be hard to think anything else, if one minute you were in Afghanistan, and the next minute you were in London with a large hole in your shoulder and a rather haughty-looking stranger looking down at you.
“Flaky skin on the laces from eczema. Powers would have needed medication. Likely used creams to help with his skin.” Sherlock retreated back to the kitchen, and John followed, setting the tray on the counter before returning his attention to Sherlock’s findings. Sherlock was gesturing to his microscope. “He would have touched the ointments and applied them to his skin, to his feet. There are traces of the poisonous bacteria inside the shoe, and the laces. It’s long dead now, but then it would have been potent and easy enough to do. It wouldn’t be that challenging to introduce the poison into his medication in quantities adequate to kill him. It only takes seventy-five milligrams of toxin to be deadly.”
When everyone had filed out, the inspector turned back to Sherlock. “Let’s just say I’m not so sure the explosion was an accident,” he said, as he led the way through the front hall and around the corner to the main staircase. At the stairs, he paused, eyes turning down to the floor, and Sherlock and John copied him.
“Hopefully,” said Lestrade, and Sherlock could hear him flipping through several papers. “The bullets are both consistent with a standard UK military sniper rifle firing .388 Magnums. There isn’t much in the way of distinguishing striations on the bullets themselves—looks like the shooter probably used steel wool or something to modify the gun—but what’s there is a perfect match. I’m willing to bet it’s the same gun.”
“Just until the storm that is my brother blows over,” said Sherlock, in what he hoped was an assuring statement.
This case with John had changed everything, so maybe it was right for life to keep going and keep changing.
“I’m not,” said Sherlock. “You’re an exception to most Rules. Including the one that would normally classify you as a liability above anything else.”
“Shit,” breathed Sherlock, and he shoved hard against the floor with his feet, hauling himself upright even as the effort made his stomach lurch. “Shit, shit, shit…”
assumed it was some elaborate plot, like Mycroft had. Anything other than the truth. “Just a magic trick.”
Sherlock braced himself and walked to the door slowly. John followed behind, closing the door of Lestrade’s car and then trailing behind at a safe distance. Lestrade got out of Sherlock’s way, and Sherlock entered, mumbled a “Thank you” to Mrs. Hudson, and started up the stairs without delay and with infinite slowness.
John looked at it, and then flipped through every paper in the folder hurriedly. Under the birth certificate was a copy of his enlistment registration paperwork for the army. Then an NHS card and medical records. And then beneath that, there was a firearms certificate. And then a driver’s license. Then a passport. There were even a few years of tax forms and travel records and university bills and a copy of his degree and his medical license.
(I myself am agnostic with no deep knowledge or understanding of religious texts of any denomination, so I’ve done my best here!)
, he’d said. “I’m not sure how well ‘alone’ protected you from Moriarty in the last couple days. But I get it, I guess. And either way, I’m not you. I have no right to question your Rules.”
“If you say so,” said John, feeling somewhat skeptical. To him, it didn’t sound like much real progress. It wasn’t as if they had a name to look for. The sniper had military training, sure—but that just meant it was someone who was either in the military, or someone who had retired or been discharged, or just someone who’d received official training as a foreign recruit or even a mercenary. It said nothing about age, sex, heritage, looks…
“But—“ said John, for what had to be the tenth time in the space of a couple minutes, and once again Sherlock anticipated his question.
“No, no,” said Lestrade, shaking his head. “Honestly… Look, I was bloody pissed Sherlock hid all of this from me, but I’d be lying if I didn’t say it’s almost a relief to have someone else who knows about all this. And frankly someone else to keep an eye on Sherlock.”
“No problem!” said John, like Sherlock had just told him he’d won the lottery, and then he was out the door and gone.
“Do you really think you’re going to be able to keep me hidden?” asked John. “From your brother and whoever else might ask questions.”
Sherlock let out a very loud, very sarcastic, very fake laugh and fixed John with an acutely judging look.
For once, Sherlock didn’t argue. The two of them crossed through the door of the flat and to the stairs—John carefully leading the way, Sherlock gingerly following—and started down. John glanced over his shoulder at Sherlock every few steps, though his primary focus was on assessing the hallway below; but it was empty, with no one in sight.
Sherlock sat back on his heels, looking at her closely. “Your attempt to silence me, as I’m sure you understand, was unsuccessful.”
John shot a glance at the secretary—who was on her phone, and seemed to have forgotten he was even there—and hesitated, before swearing under his breath and climbing out after Mycroft.
Sherlock and John had left their cab waiting at the edge of the police line, and they walked straight towards it as they exited the building.
“The Diogenes,” said Mycroft, as if this should somehow have been obvious. “While the car is better suited for avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, I suspect this may be a more serious conversation. And if I am correct, this will suit us better.”
The silent alarm in his mind went off—a bright flashing red light, a warning sign—but Sherlock ignored it. He knew he was already on the knife’s edge, knew that one wrong step now and he’d be found days from now in a gutter with his throat slit, but he couldn’t stop. This was it. This was the rush of the case. That all-consuming need to know. And he was so close. It was
Sherlock got to his feet and turned in a full circle confusedly, breathing fast now that he had stopped running.
Watson shrugged. "Part of the job," he said with a sigh. "Not like I didn't know there was a risk." He sighed again. "So what happens now?"
“He’s your brother,” said John vaguely. He had no intention of ever mentioning his private conversation with Mycroft. “He’s had a lot to think about. And I imagine he feels like he has some catching up to do.”
John held his hands in the air defensively. “I’m just the formerly dead guy who sits here and makes tea. I know that just because I
“Key,” John mouthed to Lestrade and Amberley, who had come up behind him. Amberley was white as a sheet; every slight thump from behind the strongroom door made him flinch.
“I know. But you also know how I feel about being left out. Or left behind,” said John. “I told you, after everything at the pool: I’m not going to be a disadvantage, or an inconvenience. So don’t force me to be one.”
Moriarty gave a little pout, huffing out a bored sigh, and he turned his attention back to Sherlock. “Seems like a lot of trouble. Keeping a live-in client.”
“How much did you interact with my brother when you came to the Lucky Cat with Lestrade?” asked Sherlock.
“Really?” Lestrade paused uncertainly, but he looked reassured all the same, and after a moment he smiled a bit. “Well, good. I bet John agrees with me. Anyway, keep me posted if you figure anything out tonight, and otherwise I’ll text you in the morning about looking around. Do you want a lift home?”
John shrugged, and said, “Just be careful, okay? If I get a call from Lestrade that you never showed up to his office, and I have to go rescue you,
"No one can know," said Sherlock, which part of him rather hoped was reason enough to say no, and remove the decision from his responsibility.
Mycroft looked at Sherlock as if he was a toddler who’d just blurted out a string of profanities. “Why?”
“So I’m just saying… if your reasons for staying are because you feel obligated, or because you’re doing what you do and worrying about everyone else involved without any reasonable consideration for self-preservation, I wouldn’t think any less of you if you just – stayed away.”
After a few moments, he held up the screen for John to read, careful to keep out of reach lest John forget the Rule forbidding physical contact.
John stopped, his mouth still open, and Sherlock felt his concentration and nerve rushing back to him in a rumbling of thought.
“You have my word,” said Sherlock firmly, willing himself to believe it, foolishly, without reservation.
Young Sherlock did not look up from the book. “I have asked you to stop calling me that,” he said, trying to sound calm.
“I have no idea how this is supposed to work, but good luck,” said John. “I’ll be here when you get back.
It was Lestrade’s tone that caught Sherlock’s attention. It was decidedly anxious. He looked away from John, frowning, to see Lestrade waving anxiously from across the street.
But Sherlock plowed on. “This morning I went to the Haymarket Theatre that John was kind enough to tell me Amberley had attended the other night, but while the play did happen at the time he told us and he did purchase two tickets for it, the box office clerk was kind enough to show me the reservations and Mr. Amberley never actually showed up to the theatre, so where was he actually? Home, of course, murdering his wife and neighbor, because he believed that the two of them were having an affair. His wife claiming illness two nights ago was the last straw. He cracked, decided he had to kill them, that night, though he’d obviously been thinking about it some time before. So he lured them into the strongroom and shut the door on them—the door can’t be opened from the inside, as I have demonstrated for you a moment ago—so all Josiah had to do was turn on the gas and wait for his wife and her lover to suffocate inside. You’ll notice at the base of the door the words “We we” have been scratched into the wood varnish with a fingernail; presumably the start of the sentence “We were murdered” done by one Mrs. Amberley in the seconds before she died. God knows
tl;dr my plan is to get the remaining chapters posted with no major delays between them, so while it might be a little slow still, it’ll be worth it hopefully when things move quickly for the rest of the story!
“An art gallery. I’d posed for a painting and I wanted to support the artist at the opening. He turned up and we hit it off. Unfortunately for me.”
Hope laughed. “You’re not going to find him, Mr. Holmes. He’ll find you long before you can find him. He knows all about you and it’s just a matter of time.”
“Be that as it may…” she said, though she was giggling again, and Sherlock took this as a chance to usher her on her way. He practically herded her out the door, replying to her various reminders and instructions with careless affirmatives, without taking in a single word of what she was saying. When Mrs. Hudson finally stepped out into the hall and started down the stairs with a final “toodle-oo!”, he shut the door after her with an exhausted sort of relief.
Sherlock bypassed both of them, and stepped to the front door. He paused, listening for a few seconds for noises outside as John and Mrs. Hudson moved to the landlady’s apartment, and then he opened the door decisively.
But no. She was probably still out, and besides that, Mrs. Hudson didn’t knock. She would bustle in to chat and have a cup of tea and fuss about the kitchen (“You really ought to clear some of this equipment off the kitchen table—I’m not your housekeeper, so I’m not going to do it, but I don’t think it’s very sanitary for Sherlock to do his little experiments where food is prepared…”), and she almost never knocked.
John examined the clothing but found nothing unusual about it. “Good,” John said finally, though he didn’t mean it. “All right. Can I get in touch with you tomorrow, perhaps? When Sherlock and I have had a chance to look things over?”
This was why the Rules existed. So that there never would be a stupid mistake. So that this could never happen.
Something had happened at the last possible second. Something unprecedented. Something Sherlock could not explain.
“At his residence tomorrow afternoon,” said Sherlock, typing up a short acceptance and sending it. “Just thought you’d like to know.”
“I’m not questioning it,” said John, holding up his hands in surrender. “Just be careful. Are you heading out?”
, as unusual as that was. A gut feeling that there was a connection between him and Moriarty that he couldn’t explain. Something more complicated than just that they were both clever, or that they’d both been fascinated with the criminal underworld in one way or another for a long time.
John glared at the skull as though it had done him a deep and personal wrong, but after a moment he sighed and looked out the window at the London grey just visible over the rooftops.
his message?” asked John. “What’s the point in sending you something linked to a crime that’s decades old? Why incriminate himself if he’s gotten away with it for this long?”
Sherlock was perched in his usual chair by the window, long legs crossed and phone resting on his knees as he idly went through phone messages and a few sparse (and dull) case requests on his website while John puttered about in the kitchen making himself what had to be his twentieth cup of tea that day.
Sherlock could see John’s face sink a little, and he couldn’t entirely quash the wave of guilt it made him feel. “Only for the immediate future. I’ll take care of it.”
“Okay, okay, give me a second,” said John. He looked more closely, all the while applying antibacterial medication to the cuts. “’M’. ‘M’ as in ‘Moriarty’?”
John had stopped much quicker than Sherlock and backed away several steps to look up at the building. He raised an arm and pointed high into the air over the building. “Smoke,” he said quietly, as if he couldn’t quite believe it. “Looks like it’s coming from the back of the building along the river.” He looked at Sherlock, comprehension dawning on his face. “You don’t think Moriarty actually…?”
Sherlock looked at the red lights, and then again turned his gaze around the room. He spoke, loudly, almost confidently, except John knew him well enough to know it was anything but. “Then let’s talk. You don’t need to persuade me. You have my undivided attention.”
As always, thank you all so much for your patience, support, and kind messages! <3 Seriously, it means the world to me
Moriarty let out a breathy little giggle. “You say that like that isn’t the real problem with the rest of the world. People like things they can explain. They only ever look for the predictable solutions. It’s depressing. It lacks imagination.”
what to do about Moran.” Sherlock reclaims his spot sitting on the table opposite John. “Mycroft thinks you would be the best person to talk to him.”
“I should think so, given that that is the entire point of British mass surveillance,” said Mycroft blandly.
Moriarty crouched, sitting on his heels next to Zhi Zhu’s body. He stuck out his bottom lip a little, a mournful expression on his face as he looked at the dead man. “Seems like a bit of a waste to have killed him now, doesn’t it? All that talent, all that usefulness, just—poof.” He made a gesture like a little explosion with his hands. “I do that. I have so many stupid little underlings. I spend all this time choosing them carefully, making sure they’re efficient and compliant and reliable, but then they mess up and
For what it was worth, Mycroft didn’t question how Sherlock had gotten the information about the sniper’s plan to assassinate Gruner. He didn’t even pause to question its legitimacy. The two Holmes brothers exchanged information with as many details packed to the fewest possible words, and in less than three minutes Mycroft was snapping orders to his legion of anonymous secretaries, and Sherlock hung up.
It took Young Sherlock the better part of twenty minutes to clean himself up enough to look as if nothing had happened. There would be bruising, probably, and he would make up some excuse so the teachers would keep out of it. The last thing he needed was an intervention that involved his parents or older brother. No, he’d rather everyone just left him alone.
“If he does start to go after the remaining members of the Black Lotus, Moriarty will use his sniper, in all likelihood,” said Sherlock. “So you’re proposing to help me find the sniper before he finds the Black Lotus.”
“Sherlock?” said Lestrade, lowering his gun and quickly stowing it once he’d recognized them. “Christ, you scared me for a second… You could have texted that you were on the way.”
After navigating a few hallways without incident, Sherlock had reached the morgue, entered, and received a solid blow to the head from John for his troubles.
Mycroft sighed. “Makes sense. Not that it gives us much besides the beginnings of a profile. But I still thought it might be of interest.”
“What will you do now?” asked Sherlock, pointedly ignoring John’s look. “You said when we first spoke about all of this that you had intended to run away and start over elsewhere. Is that still your plan?”
Just then, there was a quiet knock at the door, and Mrs. Hudson stuck her head in. “You’ve got company,” she said.
“Moriarty,” said Sherlock, wrapping his scarf around his neck, “whatever Moriarty is, is trying to eliminate any existing evidence of their crimes. You are that evidence. They’ve already proved willing to kill and steal bodies from morgues. You’re supposed to be dead. Imagine the potential consequences if you were seen by someone associated with Moriarty.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. Instead he straightened. “I’ll see if Molly Hooper can provide me with access to documents and reports.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but John didn’t particularly need him to. He turned back to Lestrade, who nodded reluctantly.
Sherlock and John hurriedly clambered into the car—Sherlock driving and John riding shotgun—and Sherlock started the engine. He practically slammed his foot on the gas the moment they had reversed out of the carpark and past the rest of the cars, screeching onto the road and past the line of ambulances and police cars blocking off traffic all along the street.
His clothes were old and worn, but meticulously kept, and all various shades of dark blues and greys. Dull, boring. On top of the clothes were a few other items. Keys, a wallet. Older person. Poor reflexes deteriorating in recent years. Likely health problems affecting motor skills. Definite arthritis. Probably something else. Modest means, considering the age of the wallet and the poor condition.
John could see that Sherlock had expected someone to appear. But he wouldn’t have been expecting John to walk out to meet him, seemingly of his own accord. Maybe that was all this was. Another way for Moriarty to dictate the terms of the meeting. Making sure nothing was as expected.
"Fine," said Sherlock crisply. He looked at Watson, a foreign unease resting in his stomach like a misplaced bowling ball, but his resolve was even more forceful. His eyes narrowed.
Lestrade leaned close to John and whispered, “Are we all confused now, or am I just as stupid as he says I am?”
“I agree. I thought I should force the issue. Why bore myself waiting? I already knew I had your interest, if not your full attention.”
“On the contrary. As far as I can see, it’s the only meaningful option available to us,” said Mycroft. “Moran has been entirely unresponsive to everyone I’ve sent in there, regardless of how charming, intimidating, or straightforward they’ve been. There’s nothing to be gained from sending me in to talk to him, as I’ve been directing everyone up to this point and all it does is expose me more. And I refuse to allow you in there, when Moriarty’s made it perfectly clear that his primary aim is to kill you. I think it would be wise, and reasonable, to assume that anything Moran would tell you would be specifically to put you in Moriarty’s way. Or he could attack you while you’re in the room with him. Which leaves John as the only remaining choice with any potential value.”
“But we could also just get it done. Now seems like a good time.” John got to his feet. “I’ll make tea, and then we can talk.” He made his way over to the kitchen, and turned on the stove, the kettle already sitting on one of the burners.
Sherlock was simply relieved to see that both Molly Hooper and Lestrade were still alive in the hallway. While he didn't exactly count them as friends, it would be highly inconvenient for either of them to have died. Replacing them would be tedious and potentially impossible.
John didn’t ask how Mycroft had managed to cover up the fact that the man had been killed by a shot to the head from Moran.
“I’ll reach out to my Homeless, for now,” said Sherlock, picking up his phone, just as John had an idea of his own.
As they reached the doors, John asked, “Are we meeting Mycroft now? We’re not the only ones who’ve more or less been up all night.”
To give life, he had to take it. But death had a grace period. Young Sherlock rationalized that this consequence was beyond his control. He was not to blame. But to remain blameless, he had to understand.
The sight of the person who’d knocked him to the floor—a man, now thoroughly winded and bleeding profusely from his nose—didn’t give John the reassurance he had hoped for, as two other men had followed the first up the stairs, and now stepped forward to replace him.
John blinked in surprise. “What for? There isn’t a new body. At least, not one you can talk to. Are you going about Shan?”
Sherlock looked at the other man out of the corner of his eye. Calm and cool under pressure, short and to the point, clear communication. Very military. And yet, here they were, very much breaking the rules. Unusual combination of discipline and risk-taking. Interesting.
Lestrade rubbed his eyes. “Okay,” he said. “Okay, so we just need to try to figure out some way to get an ID on the vehicle, since it didn’t have any plates, and we’re going to…” He stopped dead mid-sentence. “Cabbie.”
that,” said John, rolling his eyes. “And it’s been getting on my nerves. They’re supposed to be on duty. Lestrade gives his people free reign, and I could even understand if you being here bothers them, but you don’t get away with that nonsense when you’re a soldier. If you can’t be professional when you’re on duty, then you shouldn’t be on duty. Plus,” he added, when Sherlock continued to look mildly flummoxed, “you’re not a freak.”
“That doesn’t necessarily answer my question,” said John, trying not to let himself panic at the reminder of how little time they might have to prepare.
Might as well complicate things with Mycroft... haha... Because Moriarty's not enough of a problem on his own... hahahaha...
A shot rang from the top of the stairs, and missed John by inches. John leveled his gun and fired, and there was a yell, and a clatter.
After a long and somewhat repetitive conversation with Lestrade, Sherlock managed to convince him of the authenticity of Hope’s confession.
“So I guess we’re not going to learn anything from her now beyond what we can learn from looking at her body,” said Lestrade, thinking aloud. “Well, it’s how normal police work is done.”
“Well, I saw them,” said John, eyebrows raised in alarm at the somewhat frenzied look on Sherlock’s face. “At the Lucky Cat after we rescued you. All of the broken items had price stickers on them with things like that written on them. I recognize them.” He gestured to the characters painted on the door. “Prices. So, must be numbers.”
I really appreciate all of your patience and understanding, and I hope you're all still willing to bear with me as I churn this story out as best I can!
Moriarty’s head snapped to the side to look at John, and he peered at him with interest. He tutted. “But you see, Johnny-boy, I went through all the trouble of killing you, so I can stake my claim. I
When she trailed off, looking down at her hands clasped in her lap, Sherlock finished the sentence for her. “Before Moriarty killed him.”
John matched his tone. “Yes,” he said. “I mean it, Sherlock. You look an absolute mess, and every second you waste is just another second you have to feel like shit. You do understand I’m trying to help you, right?”
“I leave the hopeless optimism to you,” said Sherlock. “I’ll stick to pessimistic, realistic fact, if it’s all the same.” His phone buzzed, and he picked it up off the table and read:
The ceiling didn’t reply, for obvious reasons; but if it could have, it probably would have been sympathetic, for obvious reasons.
“I should be saying that to you,” Mycroft replied. His tone was decidedly indifferent, but there was something hard and blazing about his eyes. “It will be an immense inconvenience for me if you die sometime in the next few days. So do me a favor and do whatever it takes to ensure that that doesn’t happen. The moment things begin, I want to know.”
“Quite.” Mycroft gestured for them to follow, and Sherlock and John both fell in step just behind Mycroft as he made his way to the elevators along one wall of the atrium. “We apprehended him as he was preparing to execute Gruner. Red-handed, so to speak, which seems confirmation enough to me. We were able to intercept him just as he was about to take the shot. He still tried to fire, but our arrival disrupted things enough to avoid a disaster.”
I’m back! A couple weeks late, but I am back. I apologize for the delay; I was juggling first being out of the country without a laptop, and some later personal stuff.
Sherlock was content, in a way, that he had just had to rationalize his thought process to John regarding keeping him alive past the critical sixty second time limit. He was anticipating having to do the same for Lestrade. It had been a healthy experience. An essential one. In a scientific setting, he would label it as establishing his biases and methodology. After all, rationalizing rational thoughts was rational.
The door swung closed with a bang that echoed across the pool, and just like that, Moriarty was gone.
“Right,” said John, but he was still looking at Sherlock strangely, a deep frown now etched across his face.
“When he is done with Gruner, he will come for the Black Lotus,” she said, desperation in her voice along with more and more exhaustion. “All of us will be dead in a few days at most. He’s eliminating every loose end that you might follow. This is your
“The only laws that really matter to people like us,” said Moriarty. “You’re my equal, and despite how much we have in common, we’re certainly opposed. I’m the Devil. And here you are, apparently on the side of the angels.”
All of this passed through the Detective’s mind in the span of a second; out loud, he said, “Can I help you?”
“I guess not,” said Lestrade. “Wouldn’t look good; not very legal, is it. Though you probably just don’t want it published that you, the great Sherlock Holmes, got yourself locked—“
“Expect me to meet you there. I’ll be there when the museum opens,” Sherlock persisted. “If there’s a problem between now and then, contact me directly in an emergency or leave a message in the code the rest of the Tong uses. I’ll learn the code between now and then.”
just got up to make tea, even though on any other day, I could be performing surgery in the living room and you’d still insist I make it. So… are you
“It’s not a coincidence,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes. “This should be very easy for you to understand. He was
He had to stop analyzing it, or it would get to him. And that was when things would get well and truly out of hand.
The first case was to show how long he had gone unnoticed. The second case was to reveal how wide his network reached.
But, Sherlock knew, that if they both were alive, then that meant someone else, somewhere near the building, was dead. However, this
But John understood. There was a pause, and then John nodded his head, so slowly and so slightly that it was almost unnoticeable.
John got to his feet and walked over to where Sherlock’s phone had bounced off a wall and hit the floor. He picked it up. “Well then,” he said, tossing the phone to Sherlock, who caught it. “It sounds to me like you have a plan. One that involves letting actual people help you get things done.”
Sherlock glanced at John too. There was a hardness in his expression, standing out despite the backdrop of fear, a resolve that Sherlock wished he had. Sherlock’s heart was beating against his ribcage like something trapped and hysterical. He felt as if he could practically hear John’s heart doing the same. And yet John still looked impossibly composed, poised for action. If it was a question of fight or flight, John—the doctor, the soldier—would almost always choose fight.
John smiled. “Actually, I don’t think me going to the morgue is a good idea anyway. You and Greg nearly had a fit when I made us go to see the cabbie.”
John took the bag (with a care not to bump hands, though he noticed Sherlock was wearing gloves), unzipping it to look inside.
By noon the next day, Sherlock was waiting for Lestrade to arrive with his informant and Gruner’s ex. He paced the living room, while John peered out the window to the street below, until at last John said, “That’s Greg’s car.”
"Maybe the real story will be told," Sherlock shrugged. "Someday. What does it matter if anyone knows who really solved it? All that matters is that it was solved."
Lestrade’s car drove up to the curb on Baker Street after about twenty minutes of travel—when traffic got too slow, Lestrade wordlessly put on his sirens to roar ahead a few blocks—and rolled to a gentle stop.
Also, random question: are my chapters too long? I think I have a fierce internal debate about chapter length every time I update. I like 'em long, but you guys are the ones who have to suffer if long chapters is a bad thing.
Soo Lin nodded. “I think I will go abroad. Somewhere no one knows me. I can remake myself. I have a little money saved. I can go somewhere and just… see what comes next.”
John’s eyes held Sherlock’s for a moment, before he dropped his gaze. His shoulders caved inwards. “It’s just that…” He pressed his palms to his eyes for a second, then looked at the screen again, expression hard. “That man, right there, killed me. He killed me, months after he died on my watch. There was probably nothing I could have done to help him, but I still would have done anything I could to keep him alive. I still
doing?” asked Lestrade, keeping his voice low and looking sidelong at the door of the flat to make sure Sherlock wasn’t eavesdropping. “Because he doesn’t
John scanned the message and whistled. “That’s a bit ballsy of Moriarty, isn’t it? Delivering a message for you to the Yard. Lestrade’s probably freaking out.”
John tugged down the collar of his shirt just enough to show the edge of the scar over his heart. His face hardened. “You do.”
“No, I know, but I mean…” John sat forward. “There’s no notice of my death in the papers or anything. Which makes sense, right, since I only just got back, but there’s nothing about the attack on the news either. No mention of anything.”
“Give them a choice? I’m willing to bet he would take the other pill. Then it’s not just murder, but a battle of the minds. Didn’t you pay attention when he said he wished he’d had a chance to have a go against me? Clearly, it was a mental exercise. A challenge. After all, it’s boring, otherwise.”
“Not at all.” Sherlock kept his tone conversational. “But then, none of the people you’ve used or disposed of have much meaning to you, do they? You’ve helped killers.
But Sherlock’s mind was already racing ahead, seizing onto Hope’s words and striving to make the most of what precious seconds were left of the minute. Deductions raced at inhuman speeds through the halls of his mind palace, new passages opening between rooms to connect hitherto separated information.
“I had no warning, Sherlock—you gave me less than thirty minutes to get a response team together and get here, and I didn’t know what any of us were going to be up against. I did the best I could—“
“Christ, sorry!” hissed John, peering through the darkened room at Sherlock and gesturing apologetically. “Sorry, sorry, you startled me.”
“Everything comes back to tea with you,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes, but then he turned and trudged out of the room and down the stairs—and after a pause, John followed suit, stopping only to set his gun in its usual drawer in his bedside table.
Wonderful. Maybe their general incompetence could destroy any last traces of incriminating evidence.
Sherlock’s wrists were more of a mess than he’d predicted. He looked at them, expression dark to disguise a grimace, letting the blood flow in his arms and hands return to normal.
Sherlock looked from the dead man on the floor to the red lights dancing across John’s chest. “To silence me.”
seconds, that he almost screamed) to make sure the writing was dry before he let his coat sleeve fall again.
Sherlock blinked, and then he snatched the photo out of Mycroft’s hand, angling it so that John could look without getting too close.
“Then we should go too.” Mycroft turned and stalked to the closest of his cars, opening the back door. He climbed in, and John followed suit, as Mycroft snapped to the driver, “221B Baker Street. With haste.”
The woman shifted again, and glanced uneasily over her shoulder. “It is unwise to linger in the open. May we speak inside?”
This chapter was rather tricky for me, because it felt like a return to the slower pace of chapters past; however, there's a reason for this.
“Must be nice having the entire world’s worth of information readily available to you,” John murmured, with the kind of tone one would expect from a man who had a hard enough time with advanced searches on Google.
Sherlock turned and lazily dropped into his chair, and steepled his fingers under his chin. “Have I missed anything?”
“Another pair of eyes would be… helpful,” said John when he returned, dressed in all black and with a scarf around his neck (Lestrade resumed staring at John and Sherlock in confusion).
Sherlock couldn’t help but think of John grabbing him by the scarf and slamming his head into the lid of a coffin. The same principle worked well here. People tended to value their heads. And Sherlock knew well enough how effective a solid hit could be.
John sighed. “Do you have a problem with me having a gun?” he asked, just as the man he’d just disarmed groaned loudly behind them.
as it was locked for good measure—and raised his eyebrows. His lips curled with a small smile. “I’ll admit,” he said after a long moment, “I wasn’t expecting to see
John balked at the rather frank assessment, and said quickly, “I’m not, I’m – I’m fine. I’ll be just fine.”
Long after the sun had set, and the flat had grown dark, John quietly climbed the stairs to his own bedroom, leaving a cup of tea outside Sherlock’s door.
Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard was, after all, the sole keeper of the Detective's secret.
John was caught off-guard at the unfamiliar voice, so much so that he jumped a foot in the air. He wrenched around to peer out the bathroom door, and the sudden twisting in conjunction with the fresh stitches in his left shoulder were enough to earn an accidentally loud “
I won't say too much beyond that -- there's a lot coming up, and I hope you all enjoy it as everything starts coming together at long long last... ;D
“Yeah,” said Amberley. He gestured to the lock. “I have a key. Only one. But it would have been easy for her to make a copy. When I got back from the theatre last night, the strongroom was wide open and no one was home; I called the police right away.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but he stepped to the door and unlocked it. When he opened it, he found Mrs. Hudson passing through the entryway with a feather duster in one hand.
A sarcastic reply was halfway formulated in Sherlock’s mind when all activity ground to a halt, and started in reverse.
,” hissed Sherlock furiously, face even paler than usual. “I don’t care how brief this little visit is meant to be—you’re not welcome, so, in your words,
Mycroft stepped to the side to block Sherlock’s path, so that he was forced to stop pacing. “I need information, Sherlock.
John gave Lestrade a brief smile, and watched as Lestrade descend the stairs. The smile didn’t last as he turned away and shut the door to the flat with a disappointed click.
But John went on, “But I think so. Correct me if I’m wrong, but you were supposed to kill the informant outright. That’s why you blew up the convoy moving him. But he lived, and you had to cover your tracks. I mean, sure, I got in your way, but only because you did a shit job taking out the informant in the first place.”
“But—“ Here again was Sherlock’s determination that doing things on his own was always the best way, his mantra that ‘alone protects me’. John hadn’t bought it before when it had resulted in Sherlock being abducted. And he didn’t buy it now either. He’d been hoping that Sherlock would have learned this lesson after the Lucky Cat, but apparently not yet. It seemed there was a difference between lecturing John about the minutia of the case and actually asking for help. John said, “But maybe you shouldn’t. Wasn’t Mycroft’s whole point that Moriarty wasn’t the sort of person you should deal with by yourself? That doesn’t just mean you shouldn’t go running around looking for messages alone; it means you shouldn’t work on them alone either. Involving the police or Mycroft isn’t the end of the world. It might be better.”
Gruner unlocked the door to his office, revealing a room just as expensively decorated as the rest of the house and filled with dozens of glass cabinets housing numerous delicate ceramic dishes and vases and sculptures.
Sherlock gestured sharply for John to climb out the window. John quietly did, feet first, landing on the fire escape next to Sherlock with a muffled clang of metal.
When they pulled up in front of 221B (Sherlock running one tire over the curb in his haste to park), Sherlock leapt out of the car and peered hopefully towards the front door. There was a part of him—an illogical and melodramatic part, perhaps, but a significant one nonetheless—that had been praying he would see distinctive yellow spray paint on the door. But it was spotless. The disappointment was enough to bring him to a halt on the sidewalk.
Sherlock rubbed his fingertips together. “Oil from your hands wears off the numbers on the keypad. Four keys are worn, to varying degrees. If we assume the code is some combination of those four numbers, and is a four-number combination, and that the reason only four keys are worn off is because people are too lazy to change the combination, then the combination is the keys in order from most to least worn. It’s very straightforward. And painfully easy to figure out, bringing me back to my earlier point about the pathetic security in this wing of the museum.” He gave John a pointed look. “Now, aren’t you the one who wanted me to stop bragging so we could find Soo Lin?”
“The pleasure’s all mine,” said Gruner. “Especially considering why you are here. I’m very eager to see…?”
Shan stepped to the door, still looking at him, and Sherlock thought they could each read one another’s fear now.
“Death threats from a psychopath with magical powers aren’t a good reason to you?” Sherlock persisted.
And if he did, there was nothing stopping Moriarty from detonating the bomb and killing them both anyway.
That made John feel ever so slightly better about sitting and waiting. “I suppose waiting here is as good as waiting anywhere, then.”
“Always so aggressive,” sighed the other man, lowering his umbrella again so that it tapped the ground with an irritated little click. “Has it ever occurred to you that we’re on the same side?”
Sherlock dropped to his knees and reached after them, fingers seizing on air. Swearing under his breath, he pulled his arm back and swung forward to follow down the grate instead. “Come on, John,” he said, glancing over his shoulder.
to me, but not about anything that might actually help us. He used our meeting as an opportunity to tell me exactly what he thinks about his arrest.”
“Three days,” Sherlock agreed. The two settled into their usual evening silence before eventually plodding off to their respective bedrooms, each planning a day in the life of the man they both understood completely and not at all.
“Well, in case I died,” elaborated Sherlock, feeling uncomfortable and unsettled by the look on John’s face. “To convey what I had learned to you and Lestrade.”
They fell silent again, looking at one another. A minute passed before John took a deep breath. “You messed up
Sherlock hesitated. He leaned out the door a fraction to peer left and right down the street, and then he looked over his shoulder at John, who had just rejoined him and was standing in the hallway. He turned back to the woman, sighed, and stepped aside, ushering her over the threshold.
Sherlock whirled about and turned on Lestrade. “Why did you have to come marching in here like an absolute moron?! You could have dealt with
In an instant, there was chaos. Doors were thrown open and at least a dozen of Mycroft’s lackeys converged on the room. John and Moran were pulled apart, and John was hauled out of the room, while Moran was shoved back down into his seat.
John seemed to decide to mimic Sherlock, and he too dropped into the nearest chair, looking suddenly and unbearably exhausted. “She must have seen the news talking about the explosion and realized that it was Moriarty making a move.”
“We don’t know what we’re looking for, we don’t know what this message is going to say, and we don’t
“Just a guess,” said John, with a brief smile. He circled to stand on the side of the table opposite from Sherlock, leaning against the tabletop slightly and holding his own mug of tea. “I’m glad, though. Considering how easy it was for you to figure me out last night, it’s nice to know I can attempt to do the same to you. Attempt.
Obviously, the skull couldn’t think, nor could it express any kind of thought whatsoever, but even the skull was probably thinking the same thing as John.
“Suit yourself…” said Lestrade, taking a bite of his donut. He and Sherlock were spending the morning driving to a handful of predetermined locations around London, which they’d been doing every morning for the better part of a week.
Sherlock lay in bed, searching every word, every file, every memory in his mind palace for one whisper of Moriarty, until he finally gave up on sleep.
The policeman nodded. “So far. I’ve made sure I’m in charge of the cleanup and the investigation so we can manage the information going in and out. And the press. And this way I’m nearby if I’m needed. I need to see to the rest of the street anyway. But you and I might want to coordinate and see if we can’t track anyone on the street… And I’ll let you make the call on where they should stay.”
Sorry for the unexpectedly long delay in getting this chapter posted. It was the end of the semester, then Christmas, then travel, then start of the semester, then research, then sad personal things, then catching up on work afterwards -- so needless to say 2017 has been way too busy so far and I need it to chill
“To my mind, the only thing to investigate is who you are, and—arguably, more importantly—what it is you want with Sherlock.” Mycroft gave John a pointed look, voice clipped. “Whatever it is you are involved in, one thing goes without saying: it isn’t legal. If you’re impersonating the dead Watson, then you’re an ambitious ghoster, but one who has finally run out of places to hide. Identity theft is no laughing matter, especially not in this instance. At the very least, you can easily be charged with fraud by false representation. Identity theft of a dead soldier. And one of rank, no less.”
John frowned. A glance around the room revealed no sign of the Detective. The room was a mess—a jumble of blankets, scattered clothes, wayward newspapers, mismatched chemistry equipment—but there was no black overcoat, no scarf, no shoes, and no Sherlock.
"I waited a few moments before bringing him back, and afterwards I wanted to think without you or Molly insisting on monopolizing my attention and distracting me from the case at hand," hissed Sherlock. He was a talented enough liar. He could weave fragments of it in with the lie, to make it a little easier for Lestrade to swallow.
“I don’t, either.” John was increasingly aware of the gun nestled against his back. He gestured. “We need to go.”
Moriarty slapped himself lightly on one wrist. “You’ve got me. I’ve been a very naughty boy.” He shrugged, exaggerating the movement of his shoulders until it was bordering on comical. “Really, I’m just a specialist, you see… like you!”
John rubbed his eyes. “I’m not sure it works that way, but God knows I don’t have it in me to argue with you regarding the state of your brain.”
Sherlock blinked several times. Mycroft exhaled sharply, like he was holding back a laugh. “I’m fine,” said Sherlock at last. “Just – thinking. It’s not like we’re trying to formulate a plan out of this discussion. Mycroft’s just catching you—catching
, which means Moriarty has once again taken his rightful place as the diabolical center of attention.
If the sniper responsible for these lights was the same sniper he and Sherlock had been looking for, then the last time they had been this close had ended with John dead in the sand just outside Sangin.
It didn't take long before Lestrade was calling Sherlock to "consult"—this was how they termed it, Sherlock calling himself a consulting detective—on over half of his cases. And Sherlock never once failed to solve them. It didn't matter what the case was about, how complicated it was, or how bizarre the circumstances of the crime were. Sherlock always deduced the answer.
“No shit,” said Lestrade, who was now clearly suppressing a giggle. “But what does it have to do with a piece of pottery? And what’s with the flirting? ’I like watching you dance’… What, is he stalking you?”
Sherlock gave Mycroft a look which showed quite clearly that he was debating how best to go about throttling him. “And how long is that going to take.”
The entire world seemed to be converging on this case. Sherlock’s work life was now focused on the enormity that was the looming whispering threat of Moriarty. His private life was nothing
I won’t say much more than that -- keep your eyes out for the next chapter in two weeks (or less?!?!)!
The staffer—clearly Dawson—nodded and stepped out into the hall, as John stuffed the box of cigarettes and the lighter into his pocket, and asked, “Anything else?”
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. “If you already know the answer, why ask? How much of being a doctor involves asking stupid questions?”
With that, Sherlock turned and traipsed back downstairs, leaving John with the phone. John unboxed all the parts and (after a bit of muddling over the instructions and assorted cords) plugged the mobile into a power outlet to charge. It powered up after a few moments, and John opened the contact book. He added Sherlock’s number, and Lestrade’s, and Mycroft’s—all three of which he had memorized through frequency of use over the past several weeks—and then he stopped, wavering.
Sherlock kicked a pebble on the sidewalk with particular vehemence and forced himself to move on to other thoughts.
He met Lestrade—a man in his mid-fifties, with grey hair, a decent build, and (at the moment) an impatient expression on his worn face—in the hall just outside the morgue.
“Uh,“ said Lestrade, holding up a hand. “No. You can’t just go back to work like everything’s normal, Sherlock—we need to make sure there aren’t any more surprises lurking around. And if your place is trashed, we should get it fixed up first.”
Before Sherlock could reply, John got to his feet. “Can we talk?” he asked Sherlock, making an apologetic gesture to Soo Lin. “Privately? For a minute?”
“Oh, I think so,” said Sherlock. “I think this is just the beginning. It’s all going to lead somewhere.”
“Precisely,” said Sherlock. “I really don’t need someone who’s seen you when you were dead to recognize you right now. But she might be able to get us
“Just about,” said Sherlock from the floor, very loudly. Ears definitely ringing, then. He shifted and coughed. “We need to…”
“Well, scold him for me,” tittered Mrs. Hudson. “I’m just popping next door to see Mr. Chatterjee, and then I’ll be in this afternoon.”
“For all our sakes, I hope so too,” said Mycroft, and he made his way down the stairs after Sherlock.
“She was wealthy, yes. Which might explain why he would want her dead, but it’s not his only source of money.”
Sherlock brought his hands around to his front, massaging his wrists. They were raw from the hours he’d spent slumped, unconscious, but it could have been worse. He tentatively tried to stand, and the floor pitched under his feet. He stayed down.
John stayed still in front of him, obviously wary of making any movements while there were sniper lights trained on his chest. But he was all attention as well, his eyes fixed on nothing while he was listening instead.
"Hey, mate?" said Watson, watching Sherlock suddenly sink down in alarm. He reached out a hand to Sherlock. "Uh… uh, sir? Are you all right?"
"Good," said Watson, not convinced. "All right. Um. Am - am I supposed to go back to being dead now?"
Sherlock smirked, and turned his gaze to the doors leading into the building’s lobby, framed by tall panes of glass on either side, allowing a glimpse into the empty atrium within.
things to find their way out. Sentimental things that might endanger those who got too close to him. And it seemed pointless, besides, to permit someone else to befriend him when all it was going to get them was a bloody nose and a surplus of conversation they’d never be able to understand.
Sherlock mentally applauded John for his willingness to do what Lestrade never dared and actually call Sherlock moronic, but he didn’t appreciate the vote of no-confidence.
John threw his good hand in the air. “Right. Well, whenever you feel like actually clueing me in to whatever the hell is going on, let me know.”
to avoid the pitfalls of having feelings—wasn’t so out of touch with the nuances of human emotion that he couldn’t tell that this, for John, changed everything. It made it more personal. And there was obviously some element of guilt, written all over John’s face, that made no sense to Sherlock.
me, then,” snapped Sherlock. “Maybe that’s more important. I can shout over you if I have to, but I can’t force you to stop assuming everything I say is a ploy. I know that this will be difficult for you to believe. It isn’t logical. It sounds ridiculous, and childish, and possibly insane. I know all of that. It took me a long time to accept that this was real, and this wasn’t just in my head. And it took me even longer to understand it. How I could use it. So for once, just try—just
Sherlock moved his hand quickly, to tap Watson on the shoulder and make him dead again. He had not been this close to running out of time in… actually, he was not sure he had ever been this close to accidentally running out of time. He typically had ample time to spare.
“In what way would it possibly be better?” asked Sherlock drily. “I don’t want their help. Lestrade and his people will bumble around and make a mess of everything, and Mycroft will overstep and be a controlling pain in the arse just like he always is.”
“Well, I’m not going to be the one washing it off!” Mrs. Hudson declared, looking at Sherlock expectantly who, in turn, looked at John.
“Because,” he said again, this time speaking every word with care, his very life hanging on each syllable, “I can bring people back from the dead.”
Sherlock decided against saying anything else at the reprimanding look on John’s face, and he nodded curtly to Lestrade.
"Now you return to being dead," said Sherlock, shaking his head as if to clear it, regaining his focus. "Time is up—"
A pause, a loading screen, and then his blog refreshed. His message was posted. Moriarty would see it.
There was an answering groan from near the windows, and John hurried towards it around the chairs until he could make out a shifting mass on the floor that had to be the Detective.
I mean, we all knew he'd come around, right? Right? With a little motivation from John and a few days of brotherly guilt.
Sherlock’s thoughts were at last interrupted as the kettle began to whistle, and Sherlock looked up.
Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade was surprised and a little disconcerted when it took the Detective nine minutes and several seconds to return from the morgue. After all, he wasn't aware that Sherlock was leaving behind the man known as John, who was lying in the dark in a coffin, trying to make sure he'd not just imagined the last nine minutes (while also contemplating exactly how a very much alive person should endeavour to look more dead).
Gruner suddenly dove into his desk and raised a handgun of his own just as Sherlock closed his hand around John’s at his back. They stood, each half-standing, facing one another over the desk, and each straightened.
John shrugged again. “I’m biased, but anything to do with both Moriarty and snipers is going to make me suspicious. There just aren’t many guys as good as this one running around, and if he’s had military training, he’d know when and how someone like me would be vulnerable, and he’d know how to take out someone like Shan without causing a scene. Might as well check. If the bullet from me is still on file—“
Anyway, like I said, updates should be back on track now! I shall return soon with more excitement, more adventure, and apparently more nude photos (?)
“You sure?” said Sherlock. Sherlock gave him an innocent look that made John want to punch him in the face.
“… Did?” asked Lestrade, but Sherlock was already across the room and at the window, looking down the street.
I am here? You weren't seriously hoping that I could poke some charred remain and have it spontaneously spill all of the man's secrets? It doesn't work that way, as you should well know. I need an actual body to work with. Or most of one. How about you give me a
“Has it been long since your last doughnut, Lestrade? You sound tetchy,” drawled Sherlock, ever sympathetic, as he reached the DI.
“Psychopaths crave appreciation. They crave challenges,” said Sherlock thoughtfully. “He’s gone so long without being noticed. I doubt many have even gotten close to pinning anything on him—Mycroft and the rest of MI5 were closest, perhaps, but Moriarty shut them down with relative ease. But we’ve been dancing around one another for weeks, and so far I’m not dead and I’m still looking. My track record for solving complex cases is nigh on spotless. And I’m a lot cleverer than MI5.”
When Sherlock didn’t move, John said, “Trust me. I wouldn’t be here unless I knew the risks and didn’t think much of them. I told you I can help. So let me help.”
Sherlock called away his attention, something about Moriarty turning his focus to John making him even more nervous than he already was, though he didn’t stop to try to understand why. “So this was the real reason why you wanted to meet tonight. You wanted to meet your counterpart.”
Watson fell silent, completely at a loss as to what was going on. He watched the Detective thinking with some concern. He didn't even know the man's name, but he
A fast punch in the face for the one closest, the one with the gun, a kick to the shins, and then run. Left, right, down the street, and keep running. Call Lestrade if the attackers were not lost by then, and he could double back so they wouldn’t find the house. Remain in sight and on crowded streets.
answers. And so does John, and I’m willing to bet you do as well. If there was ever an opponent worth engaging, it’s this one. A criminal empire of this scale can’t be ignored. It shouldn’t be ignored. The entirety of my being revolves around this case. I’ve invested too much to turn back now. So just tell me what to expect.”
“Your guesses are better than most people’s,” John points out. After a moment, he continued, “So arresting Moran means a big loss for Moriarty’s plans?”
And it was also, perhaps, a result of the Rules, that Young Sherlock learned how cruel stupid people could be.
Sherlock took a breath, ruffled his hair, and sat up in his chair. “All right. How do you know no one else has received instructions?”
“Very considerate of you,” Sherlock snapped sarcastically, before hurrying the rest of the way upstairs, without bothering to explain anything at all.
“I was too distracted with… everything to think much of it yesterday. I was thinking about Moran and feeling sorry for myself and not paying attention. But I’m paying attention now, and now I’m realizing that you and Mycroft having a conversation for more than a few minutes is a rare thing. An hour seems like it should be unheard of. I feel like you’d only talk for that long if it was something worth worrying about. And if that
Who died when he kept a person alive for more than a minute was a matter of random proximity. And, it seemed, the cabbie was the unfortunate moron who’d been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She inclined her head yet again. “I know,” she replied, in a tone that said conveyed more hope than actual certainty.
Mrs. Hudson smiled knowingly. “I don’t think anyone knows what’s going on in that silly head of his.”
“I can use our communication system to try to find the sniper,” said Soo Lin. “I think it will be possible for me to give you his location, and then I will leave it to you and the people you trust to catch him.”
John didn’t reply right away. Instead he held up a sheet of cling-film, looking at Sherlock critically through the plastic. “Hm.”
Sherlock, naturally, picked up on this right away. He scowled, leaning forward to pick up his cup of tea, and folded his long legs under himself as he settled back in his chair once more. “Stop looking at me like that.”
Nine landlords later, Sherlock found himself once again in need of a new residence. Apparently gunfire, police cars regularly visiting, and the occasional minor explosion made him an undesirable tenant.
“A minute,” said Sherlock automatically. After all, this was a fact. Sherlock could operate in fact. Now, to steer the conversation back to more—
Like I said, I'm really really really excited about this next arc of the story, so I hope you all enjoy it. I'd love your feedback, as your comments mean a lot to me -- most of all, thanks for reading! <3
He looked around the empty flat, and with each passing second, he came to understand that he had no idea what to do.
Sherlock paused, and looked up. Lestrade was hopping out of his car, waving at him from across the parking lot. Sherlock changed course, sulking towards the policeman.
“Do you think it’s…?” started John, without finishing the sentence. He didn’t think he needed to. They both knew the answer. Of course it wasn’t safe. One false move and the bomb would go off. One thoughtless move by either of them and John would drop dead.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’ve got the morning to organize a watch schedule for my Network, get Mycroft up to speed, and learn Suzhou numerals. Do you think I have time to watch Soo Lin’s workplace too? What did you think I woke you up at the crack of dawn for? So you could get a full day of writing in?” He flapped a hand impatiently at the door. “Go!”
Thank you all so much for reading! Your feedback means a ton, comments most of all! Thanks everyone! <3
“So—so the killer cabbie was a distraction?” said John, gradually becoming as excited as Sherlock. “To distract people from the real threat?”
I’m not. And I know what I’m talking about,” he said. “I’ve seen enough and your people have told me a good deal more. And I think we’re both intelligent enough to know that Moriarty’s not going to forgive you for letting anything slip. That’s right,” he said, as Shan’s eyes widened imperceptibly. “You’ve given away that much. His ruthlessness.”
When the window was finally open enough to crawl through, Sherlock slid onto the windowsill and out into the night air in one smooth motion, landing soundlessly on the fire escape just beyond. Quietly, he said, “I’ll lock it again behind you.”
Hoping for more regular weekly or biweekly updates from now on - I start grad school this week, but I'm hoping I still have a decent handle on my life even with that??? Maybe I'm insane. I probably am.
The door connecting the troves of information in Sherlock’s mind unlocked, and opened, and the lights flickered triumphantly on.
Sherlock glared at him. “Why must you assign blame for everything? No. It’s because you stormed in here and told him all of this when I wasn’t ready. That was my information.”
There was one style in particular that struck a chord, so much so that Young Sherlock began practicing every chance he got. Books in the library became his instructor. Diagrams of men in tall hats and long suit coats, walking sticks elegantly in hand, beating the stuffing out of one another, became his inspiration. Baritsu became his pastime.
“But if something goes wrong…” John added firmly, “… then we change the plan. If you feel you’re in danger or if you discover that it’s impossible to find the sniper safely, then don’t. Don’t compromise your safety.”
“I’d like your honest response, then, if you don’t mind,” said Mycroft, his demeanor immediately more businesslike, sharper, shrewder.
The room exploded into action. Doctors moved patients, soldiers changed positions, weapons were drawn and fired.
Maybe, thought John, for at least the hundredth time in the last few hours, this was all a strange dream.
“He gave us a demonstration,” said Sherlock, a hint of bitterness—of some kind of self-loathing—entering in his tone. “Zhi Zhu Yao. The dead man at the pool. Killed, resurrected, and killed again by Moriarty himself. He asked me to do it, and when I didn’t, he did it instead.”
It could be anyone. A total stranger. It did not matter. The mistake had been made. The reaction was irreversible.
John retreated upstairs. He showered, removed his stitches, and bandaged the wound. He jotted down a few final notes on the way it had healed for Sherlock to peruse later. He dressed. He returned to the living room and read the newspaper. Then watched the news. Then paced.
“So…” said Sherlock slowly, not sure how to start. “Considering who you work for, I hope you understand why I’m a little – surprised, that you’re here right now. Unless you’re here to deliver a message, in which case I’m not sure why all the secrecy.”
“Bomb-making is much simpler than people think,” Sherlock interjected, waving an airy hand. “You and I have the necessary ingredients for at least four different bomb recipes scattered throughout the kitchen and bathroom.”
When they had closed, Sherlock took a few steps back and ruffled his hair. He turned to find John in his seat in the corner, and crossed over to him. He spoke very quietly, so no one else in the sparsely-inhabited waiting room would hear. “When she comes back, and until she leaves again, we pretend we don’t know one another. You keep your head down. Ignore me. Her. Anything she says about Soo Lin. Pretend you’re reading a magazine or something.”
Posting this a little bit late, but at least it's only "a little bit late" instead of the usual "very late"
The only reason his death won’t have been for nothing is because of Sherlock. Defending him now, regardless of the cost, seems right. It
Sherlock made to follow him, and a piece of paper rustled under his shoe. He bent, and picked it up. It was a tiny folded note. It looked like it had been slipped under the door, or perhaps had been wedged between the door and frame and had fluttered to the floor when the door was opened. He unfolded the scrap of paper.
foolish of me—to assume that I was the only one who could do this. But really, the statistical odds of their being two people with this kind of ability is low enough, I’d imagine—so low that I never thought it was possible for there to be two, and even if there was, we’d probably never meet—but for there to be two living this close in the same time and with professions that enable them to interact…” It shouldn’t be possible, statistically; but Fate had a habit of not caring about what was supposed to be possible. Fate did what it wanted.
Moriarty’s eyes flickered from the gun to Sherlock’s face, still smiling without faltering. “I can make you tell me,” he said, and his tone was suddenly much sharper.
The elder Holmes—who had been observing the carnage that was Baker Street with an inscrutable countenance—sighed. “I told you I wasn’t particularly interested in your opinion on the matter. Are you all right?”
John looked at Sherlock, a smile tugging at one corner of his mouth. “Come on now,” he said. “Who’s the bigger freak here? The consulting detective, or the recently reanimated semi-immortal doctor? Just saying.”
“I’m starting to, yeah,” said Lestrade. “Which means we need to be more careful about this. And I need to be more involved.”
Sherlock smiled politely at Lestrade and Amberley, muttered, “Sorry about that,” to Amberley, and strode forward with his hand outstretched. “I am Sherlock Holmes,” said Sherlock. Amberley shook his hand; his handshake was quick, firm, and controlled, and he quickly let go of Sherlock’s hand and returned to his sullen stance beside Lestrade. Sherlock’s eyes widened as information surged through his mind, but for the first time in his life, he kept his conclusions to himself, instead saying, “My friend… I mean, colleague, Dr. Watson, will be out in just a moment. He’ll be accompanying you to the crime scene.”
“No, no, thanks,” said Sherlock firmly, in a tone of forced calm. “I want to run a few errands if I’m going to be hunkered down with a case again.”
“He knows better than to argue with me about it,” said Sherlock. “And this little gift from Moriarty is for me. Not for Lestrade and his pack of idiots.”
“Why aren’t you more annoyed?” demanded Sherlock. “This should be just as much of an inconvenience for you as it is for me.”
“Lookit!” said the Bully, voice louder now that he’d found something new to make fun of. “Looks like arts and crafts if you ask me. Look at these big needles on the cover. Are you
“John?” said Sherlock again, at first prowling slowly between the kitchen and the living room, until he found nothing meaningful or informative in room after room, and his pace quickened. He scanned everything from top to bottom in a rush.
This was how, at this time known as "Now", the Detective was in a cab pulling up to St. Bartholomew's Hospital, where he got out and strode in to the morgue, the collar of his long black overcoat popped up and his signature blue scarf knotted around his neck. His icy blue eyes were shockingly bright under his mess of curly dark hair. Coupled with being tall, thin, angular, and as haughty-looking as ever, Sherlock Holmes somehow fit in just perfectly at the morgue.
from his schooldays. And he thought, if he had to offer a description to the first circle of Hell, it would probably very closely resemble a hospital waiting room.
“Guess you’re right,” conceded John. He felt somewhat guilty about it, but—if this really was happening—it seemed like the reasonable course to take until he (and Sherlock) could come up with a comprehensive plan. No point in placing anyone in a difficult position until they had to. Especially if it could cost someone their safety. “Better wait to do anything until the news dies down anyway. I did only just die.”
“John?” said Sherlock in surprise, looking around. He deposited his files on te kitchen table before glancing around again. The lights in the second bedroom were on. "John?" he called again, and there was a thump upstairs in reply.
Sherlock blinked. There it was again. There was that praise—that odd, perplexing, unexpected praise. “… You think so?”
Sherlock had wondered when they would come to this. He had known they would, sooner or later, but that didn’t make it any less disquieting.
“Come on, John,” he managed finally, giving Mycroft one more hard look before turning and walking from the room.
He blew air at John’s neck. John turned his gaze upward and clenched his jaw, craning his neck ever so slightly away from Moriarty.
John opened his mouth (to ask what exactly she meant by that), but Mrs. Hudson turned to Sherlock and continued, “I’ve been meaning to tell you, Sherlock, now that I’ve got you here, don’t think I didn’t notice the curtains in the kitchen are missing. If you set them on fire again, it’s coming out of your rent, young man.”
Writing this chapter turned out to be even more challenging than I thought it would be, but every bit as exciting as I'd hoped. I've been beyond excited to hit this point, you have no idea. So I hope the chapter effectively ties up some loose ends (like who freaking died for John--and three cheers to everyone who saw this coming long ago XD) while introducing the real issues here…
Lestrade shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck tiredly. “Well,” he said, “I guess we don’t need to keep looking for Shan.” He took a step back. “I have my people working outside, so we have a little time for you to do your dead people thing. Anything you can give me on this will help, and I’m sure you have questions for her about Moriarty.”
"Garry," said Sherlock, waving a hand to emphasize his total disinterest, and Lestrade looked like he'd swallowed a lemon.
“Is that a good thing?” Sherlock asked. He tended to associate being able to ‘stand still’ with being torturously bored. But then again, he thought that in the time since he had met John, he understood something about the weight of those more companionable silences, where quiet did not mean emptiness, and calm was not entirely detestable. He preferred to be busy, but still… not all moments of peace were wholly objectionable.
“What?” he said finally, and it came out as much more of a demand for information than a comforting query.
“Sherlock!” said John, hurrying to join him at the door. John hovered uncertainly, aware he would be unwise to get too close to Sherlock for fear of accidental contact but also wanting to lean in and speak urgently. Sherlock was kind enough to stop walking, but not enough to stop from scowling. “Where are you gonna go now?” asked John, and Sherlock could see a determined edge to John’s facial expression that meant Sherlock knew exactly why John was asking.
“No, actually, no, you can’t,” interrupted John, and Sherlock turned his head to shoot a glare at him. “We need to get you out of here,” John went on, matching Sherlock’s glare, before turning away from Sherlock altogether to look at Lestrade. “Sorry, Greg, but can you…?”
Sherlock turned his back on John, pacing the length of the room a few times, and after a moment, John dropped the pillow he was holding back onto the bed.
“Sorry.” John wasn’t particularly sorry. “Just makes you seem a little more human, knowing you can actually be clueless too.”
In many ways, the fact that John had known the sniper’s name changed almost nothing. It told them something about the sniper’s life before he and Moriarty had crossed paths, and it enabled some tentative deductions about the trajectory of their partnership, as well as the timeline. The connection between the sniper and John was (arguably) interesting on some level, but it didn’t change their path forward. The sniper still belonged to Moriarty. The sniper was still the instrument responsible for a handful of known murders and intimidations and attacks. The sniper was still just a loose end that they had managed to exploit, at great cost and risk. The sniper was still their only known means of finding Moriarty.
Mycroft sat behind his grand mahogany desk with a small stack of papers and a grim expression on his face. At the sound of the door, he looked up and then, at the sight of John in the doorway, he froze.
He carefully had Sherlock sit up, keeping a gloved hand on his neck to keep his head from wobbling too much. “We shouldn’t stay here,” said John. “We need to get downstairs.”
On the fun side, I was in Japan for an astrobiology conference the last two weeks of January/first week of February. It was a lot of lectures on topics related to the chemical/biological/atmospheric/geologic conditions that fostered the origins of life on Earth, and lots of fun adventures to active volcanoes and really nice hot springs. It was an amazing trip, I have been gushing praise about Japanese vending machines for weeks now (hot milk tea in a bottle! why don’t we have that in the US?!?!?!), and I am happy to report that my knee survived the trip, largely thanks to the large, painful, and heavy-duty metal brace I wore for the majority of my time there. Now it's back to work and trying to figure out how the hell I'm going to get any research done this semester
, and while there were times in Sherlock’s life when that was desirable, now it was like his thoughts were trying to get to him through molasses, and he didn’t have the time for such nonsense.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson,” said John, beaning Sherlock square in the face with a biscuit. “You’re not our housekeeper, after all.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, more out of habit and an unfamiliar anxiety than actual frustration. “Your life is still yours. It is not someone else’s. It does not belong to them. If it came with a deed of ownership, it would still bear your name.”
“Are you all right?” demanded Sherlock, grabbing John by the shoulders and half-lifting him off the ground as he examined John for injury.
“Gruner missed a kill shot by a few inches, and a few of Mycroft’s people are going to need a little patching up from the scuffle as they were subduing him,” Sherlock said, voice slightly muffled by his hands. But.” He looked up, and it was like the dread that been hanging on his features for hours had ignited. It was a burning energy behind his eyes. “But we
John shrugged, burying his hands in the pockets of his jacket. “I was just thinking that this guy almost definitely has military training. And to be honest, I’ve seen a lot of injuries like that—“ a gesture to Shan’s head “—and one in particular is jumping out in my memory.”
Not for the first time that night, John wished he could pat Sherlock on the arm without risking death. “He’ll catch him, right?”
“My turn for the personal questions,” said Sherlock, still looking at his tea. He set the cup down on the table. “Are you scared of me?”
John rounded the chair he’d been leaning against and sat down, still looking anxious. “Admittedly, most of my morning has been watching Connie Prince with Mrs. Hudson, but I have had a little time to look around the web for news. And there’s no mention of me, anywhere.”
“I’m not a doctor,” said Sherlock. “Perhaps you can tell me. My understanding is limited on this side of things, but my belief is that at the moment of contact, your body instantly restored or regenerated the parts of your body that are essential for sustaining life. In this case, the veins, arteries, and bone that had been damaged when you were shot. The skin and some of the muscle is only superfluous, so you keep the gaping hole. But the damage has been repaired, for all intents and purposes. And to my knowledge, those changes are permanent, unless we came into contact again. At which point they would become undone, and you would die.”
“Fascinating,” said Sherlock drily. “Mrs. Hudson, don’t you have somewhere to be? Chatting up Mr. Chatterjee next door or some such nonsense?”
And happy holidays! I hope you're all cozy, content, and carefree, and I love you all for sticking with me this long! <3
“Gruner,” he said, “is a Germanic name. Gruner himself is Austrian. He’s only been working in London for the last few years. The auction house he works for is an international corporation and he’s a world-renowned expert, so I didn’t think much of him as a person-of-interest initially. But it would be a rather shocking coincidence if Gruner, a dealer in Chinese antiquities, just so happened to move to London around the same time as the Black Lotus. I don’t believe in coincidences.”
He was sure he could identify Soo Lin’s voice. Soft, urgent, insistent, repeating the same phrases. Breathing sharply, quickly.
Sherlock leaned across the bed and snatched at the bag, but John stepped back out of the way. He then dropped the bag on the floor and shoved that under the bed as well, so everything he owned was now in a heap, on the floor and under the bed, thoroughly out of Sherlock’s reach.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and what tumbled out somehow managed to cling to what remained of his usual stubbornness. “What the
“No,” said Lestrade flatly. “You’re going to get her fired just by asking nicely for things you aren’t allowed to have.”
Sherlock gave John a withering look. “Standing up to Moriarty. Trying to get me to leave right before Yao died. Being on my side after everything we’ve been through tonight? Would you like me to write up a list of your commendable actions?”
“Now we all know where we’ve been. And now, I have things to attend to,” said Sherlock curtly, and he turned and started to climb the stairs.
Once inside, Lestrade unlocked one of the drawers, carefully removing the small box of items from the driver’s cab that had been removed from the scene. No one had gone through them, as of yet—after all, the family had said they didn’t want an autopsy, and there was no need for a criminal investigation, was there?—and so they had simply been collected in a box awaiting inspection.
And when the house sparrow returned to him from flitting about the bushes, Young Sherlock stretched out a hand to it—his bird, his 'friend', the only thing that yet knew of his gift—and the moment his fingers met the little bird's wing, the bird died with a shock of darkness.
“No?” asked John in disbelief. “But… I mean, I assumed since I’m okay, and don’t get me wrong, I’m glad, but – how? It’s an open bullet wound!”
Sherlock looked up, keeping his face smooth. “Do you mind if I answer this?” he said, in an unusual gesture of politeness.
Where is this story going? How are they going to deal with Moriarty? How the hell am I going to wrap this story up in 6 chapters? We shall soon see…
Sherlock almost intervened, but John said smoothly, “A colleague of Detective Inspector Lestrade’s. And you are?”
John lay on the bed, looking up at the ceiling, as seconds, and minutes, and hours trickled by. He thought about Mycroft. He thought about Sherlock. But most of all, he thought about his sister, Harry. He thought about where she was, and how she might be doing, and if she was all right. He wondered if she’d ever seen photos like the one he had seen on Mycroft’s desk. If she even knew John had died. If she would want to see him now, if it was possible.
Sherlock managed to bother with a crisp, "Thank you, Molly," before he started off down the hall at a purposeful pace, and Lestrade followed after.
“No idea,” answered the landlady. “I went to bed early, and I didn’t hear him come in. But I could hear you pacing around so late, so I thought you both might like some coffee.”
“Does anyone know CPR?” said Sherlock to the small crowd at large, mind racing. When no one came forward within five seconds, Sherlock seized his opportunity and got to his feet.
John let out a long-suffering sigh. “Of course you don’t. The very notion has you in a horrible mood.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Good question. I wish I knew the answer. Since we don’t have one, all we can do is be alert and cautious. There’s a reason you’re staying cooped up in here for the time being.”
Doing my best to keep to a biweekly update schedule! There might be a one week delay with the next chapter depending on some travel, but we'll see. If there is, it'll be a long chapter to make up for it. Regardless, I've been doing a lot of planning with the long-term plot as well, so I've got a pretty good idea of the evil to come
Since it's been a thousand years since my last update: we left off with Moran making a somewhat explosive escape, and leaving Sherlock with an ominous promise that things were about to draw to a close...
"Typical," said Sherlock drily. He shifted. Standing here in the hallway was making him more and more conscious of the fact that down the far end of the hall, a man was likely twiddling his thumbs in a coffin, and would be doing so for only God knew how long until Sherlock was able to retrieve him.
. As in partially or incompletely. You can still die, I believe, by violent means, and perhaps even by sickness, but you won’t age, or at least certainly not in accordance with a typical timeframe. Now, I would like to discuss the matter of…”
," said Sherlock flatly. The case at hand remained interesting, but only insofar as he had nothing more diverting to occupy his time. Sherlock did not, however, appreciate being dragged in simply because he was convenient. He didn't like being used for his Gift. It was, after all, more or less the reason his Rules existed. So that no one
Sherlock didn’t reply, instead bracing himself and dragging his body up, to his knees and then to his feet.
Sherlock frowned. “I can’t explain it. I just do it. But I think in a different way. I think without all of those stupid limits other people make. I don’t ask if it’s possible, I assume that it is, and then I make the logical connections. And I pay attention. It’s a matter of remembering things. Stupid people remember things based on a system of necessity—what’s important, what isn’t important. I count all physical things as important. I didn’t put limits on things. So when I’m studying something I don’t have to try to create a parallel from scratch. I don’t have to go out on a limb.”
John looked surprised. “Of course I do. I’d be lying if I said any of this felt safe, but it’s… it feels important. I’m part of something a lot bigger than me, if only in a small way. Besides, Moriarty’s interested in
“We’ll just open up a few windows, get some air flowing,” John reassured him, secretly dreading returning to the nauseating odor of paint fumes. “Shouldn’t be a problem.”
John shrugged. “I thought I’d walk to the shops and get us a couple things. I can get some takeaway on the way back. I think we’re working from here today.”
Sherlock glanced at John; he could read that thought written across his face through the laughing, and something about it was – satisfying. John’s laugh sounded as genuine as his praise had earlier that day. “Welcome to London.”
“Decided to look though old cases for potential connections to James Moriarty. That is what you do when I’m out and you’re here, isn’t it?”
Soo Lin’s voice was quiet, and she looked on the verge of passing out, but there was a frantic edge to her voice as she spoke. “He has sent the sniper to eliminate Gruner. Gruner is unwilling to deal with the police now, but he will do so when he thinks he will get the best deal. So the sniper will kill Gruner while he is still under house arrest, before Gruner is given the opportunity to betray our employer. Before he goes to trial.”
He strained hopelessly against the cuffs around his wrists, contorting in every imaginable way in the hopes of slipping his hands out, so that he might have some way of defending himself. But the handcuffs were tight and unyielding, the metal biting into his skin, he was pulling so hard. Blood. If he didn’t have nine minutes and twenty-one seconds remaining to save himself from dying, he might care.
“Nothing to worry about,” said Sherlock firmly. “I’m fine, Mrs. Hudson is fine, you’re fine—we’re all fine. And your initial response to the whole thing was very prompt and competent.”
The flat had yielded some medical supplies tucked into odd corners, and John’s duffel had housed a small number of items and his own medical bag thrust unceremoniously amongst his possessions. But it was by no means a comprehensive replacement for a surgical ward. And so, the topical anesthetic, hydrogen peroxide, gauze, tweezers, suture needle, and non-absorbable thread were all technically adequate, but John was having a hard time remembering that in between loud exclamations and careful stitches.
The source of the crash he had heard with the scream was a glass cabinet that had been pushed over. Old ceramic teapots and shards of fired clay were strewn across the floor in amongst the shattered glass. There was a knife, blade shining red, discarded with the broken glass and porcelain.
John sat quickly and turned in his chair to look at him. “Sherlock,” he said urgently. “Come on. What—“
“I’m aware of that,” Mycroft replied. “And I’ve already taken it into account. My resources are considerable enough that I can conduct a search of all publically-listed military personnel in sniper units belonging to Britain or any of our allies. We’re focusing on those who have served or trained in the last twenty years or so, with the assumed age limits on our sniper derived from Moriarty’s approximate age.”
Carefully, not at all daunted that this was the first dead thing his hands would ever touch, Young Sherlock ever so gently lifted the sparrow in his hands.
Moriarty smiled. “I like to keep things tidy. Even dead men have secrets to tell, and nothing upsets the government more than stealing the bodies of murdered soldiers. And like I said, maybe Johnny-boy would be working for me now, if you hadn’t beaten me to him. Or there’d be nothing left of him at all for us to talk to. Whichever would have amused me more.” He laughed again. “Imagine my surprise that night when I get a call from my people that there’s no one in the body bag! Like he just got up and walked right out of the morgue.” He let out a blissful sigh. “I had a feeling about you, Sherlock. You were important, even if I didn’t see how at the time. So I had you watched. After a while you got a little too close for comfort. You asked too many questions about the Black Lotus and gave them a scare. They got ahead of themselves and decided it would be safer for them, and me, if you were dead. But then—well, you can guess the look on my face when
“Of course he did. He and I know better than anyone that everyone and everything has a time to die. And isn’t that the entire point of our Gift—being able to decide when it is that time?” said Sherlock, and it almost looked as if saying ‘our Gift’ actually hurt.
John’s expression softened a little, though it remained intently focused. “So how long do people usually get to stick around for?”
John turned on his heel and bolted for the stairs leading up to his bedroom, abandoning silence in exchange for speed. He skirted furniture and was on the steps before he heard the door behind him open, and hurried footsteps echoed his.
“No shit, Sherlock,” said John, setting his cup down and hopelessly trying to wipe tea off his clothes. “What do you mean he’s a criminal mastermind?”
. There’s a difference between a little kid being murdered and a thirty-six-year-old soldier dying in active service. There’s a
“But how does one make murder look like suicide? It’s obvious.” Sherlock pointed at the modest pile of belongings near Hope. “You might want to take notes, Lestrade, seeing as I am about to do months of thinking for you in the span of the next three minutes. Note the items from his cab. His clothing, a photograph, and two glass bottles containing pills. Old clothes, meticulously kept and boring. A family photograph is nothing unusual. An older individual carrying pills is hardly abnormal, nor is the choice in container that odd. The elderly have a habit of repackaging anything from food to condiments to medicines. In short, nothing even remotely interesting, at first glance. But—“
“I gotcha,” said Lestrade, nodding. “I’ll have them compared and I’ll let you know as soon as I know if they’re from the same gun.”
Thanks so much for reading! Your kudos, bookmarks, subs, and comments -- as always -- mean a lot to me! I love writing this, and I'm glad so many people seem to be enjoying it too, and I hope it continues to entertain. <3
John raised an eyebrow at ‘Redbeard’, looking at Sherlock, but Sherlock simply shook his head. A story for another time, perhaps. If ever.
At first, it was easy. The morning after the rescue, John woke early, with the intention of checking on Sherlock, who was almost always wrapped up in some case or experiment by this hour. But the flat was quiet and the living room was empty, and on further inspection, John found the other man was asleep in his room, sleeping so deeply that even John’s quiet knock on the slightly-open door didn’t wake him. Smirking amusedly, John retreated to the kitchen—leaving Sherlock to sleep—and settled in with a book and a cup of tea.
It makes sense to me (in an angsty way) that Mycroft would have a hard time adjusting to this sort of reality. He, like Sherlock, is a very logical guy. This magic thing is not logical. Whether or not he's ever able to get over that remains to be seen. At least John's around for emotional support...?
Lestrade stared at them for a few more seconds, then said, “Right. Okay. Well, this—“ and he gestured to the man standing behind him in the doorway, who was peering into the room at Sherlock, “—is Josiah Amberley, the gentleman who’s asked for your help. I know this isn’t your usual case, Sherlock, but—“
He and Mycroft exchanged a knowing look and walked after Sherlock. They passed him, and continued on towards the doors leading out of the pool, anticipating a quick departure—but Sherlock didn’t follow them. They both stopped, and hung back, watching Sherlock look at Yao with some trepidation.
John had just phoned in an order for takeaway on Mrs. Hudson’s landline when Sherlock returned, walking in the front door just as John reached the top of the stairs. John paused and leaned over the rail to look down at him. “Hey!” he said. “How’d it go?”
Sherlock scowled for a moment as they walked away from the building, getting back to the main road. They both spent a few minutes flagging down a cab, and they clambered inside—Sherlock couldn’t help but notice that he felt significantly less discomfort taking a cab now—before starting off towards Baker Street. Neither man spoke much, Sherlock still wrapped up in the evening’s developments and John still processing his unexpected change in circumstances.
Wary of missing anything, they fell silent again, but it was a few more seconds before Moran broke the silence. “Is Holmes so much better?” he asked finally. “He kept you around because you were useful for a case. At least my longevity isn’t correlated with the duration of my murder investigation. You have no long-term value. When this is all over, one way or another, by Holmes’ choice or by Moriarty’s, you go back to being dead. And if you have any sense, you’ll hope Holmes kills you before Moriarty does. And soon. Your chances for Holmes to let you die quietly are running out fast.” Moran sat back, and a hitherto disguised loathing was suddenly written plainly across his face. “You’re fucking pathetic. You like to think yourself so righteous next to me, even though we’re both here now for the exact same reason—because we’re useful to
It was past noon before Sherlock returned. John had been curled up in a chair with a medical journal—which he’d discovered sandwiched between a dictionary and a very old book of fairytales that seemed distinctly out of place in Sherlock’s otherwise entirely scientific library—for nearly two hours, and he looked up sharply as Sherlock entered and shut the door behind himself.
If they came close enough when they came to kill him, he could disarm a single opponent without the use of his hands. If it was a close range, execution-style kill, he might be able to. If he could at least come into direct contact, there could be potential for DNA evidence. A hair. Skin. Saliva. Sweat. He had to attack. He just had to get close enough to get in a hit of his own. A good hit.
John, Lestrade, and Amberley arrived at the Haven a short while later. As soon as they pulled up in front of the house, Amberley exclaimed, “Oh damn, I left the windows closed! My apologies, it’s going to be suffocating in there.”
“If it helps you find her and that damn doctor,” Amberley muttered. “Follow me.” Amberley showed John into the house, guiding him around several open cans of paint.
Wasting no time, Young Sherlock grabbed his favorite blue scarf and tied it about his neck in spite of the fact that it was 29 degrees Celsius that afternoon, and he snuck downstairs past his father's study and his mother's parlor and ran straight to the section of petunia bushes directly below his bedroom window, where a dead sparrow now lay.
Perhaps he should do something to help John settle in. Or figure out some way to help him come to terms with the bizarre circumstances in which he had found himself. Life was no small gift, no insignificant chance, not to be taken for granted. John had already died once. That had to be shocking enough in and of itself, without all of the additional details Sherlock had piled on in the last few minutes alone. Sherlock himself was still struggling to resolve himself to the necessary changes to his own lifestyle that this would bring. Namely coexisting with another human being without wanting to poison their evening tea every time they said something stupid.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” said Sherlock slowly, even as every corner of his mind screamed horrified protests at doing any such thing.
“It was fine. If long. She’s very sweet,” said John. “Really, though, I’m sorry. But I couldn’t very well kick her out or ignore her or whatever.”
Sherlock looked at Soo Lin, and then glanced up at John, meeting his eyes. His brows were furrowed, face lined with worry, but his eyes had the same look to them as Soo Lin’s. As soon as he saw it, Sherlock knew where he’d seen that look before.
help,” said Sherlock, also for the tenth time in an hour. “This is a distraction, not a problem, if it really is just a gas leak.”
But whatever the reason, John stood next to him, staring, but silent, trusting him to make the right choice.
Another dove somewhere in the garden sang a few sad notes that sounded like a funeral dirge for Young Sherlock's childhood.
John didn’t reply. Most of the color had drained from his face. He and Moran watched one another, with the unmistakable air of two people sizing each other up before a duel. Then John dug his hand into a pocket to toss the pack of cigarettes onto the table in front of Moran. “Here,” he said curtly. “You’d requested these.”
“Now,” Moriarty continued, examining the fingernails on one hand, “I’m going to be honest with you, my dear—I don’t like getting my hands dirty.” He glanced up at Sherlock, black eyes flashing. “I’m sure you understand what I mean. But sometimes, it’s just
“Speaking of hospital,” said Mycroft, “I think we may want some officers to accompany those who do need more complex medical attention, Lestrade. I’d rather not give Moriarty the opportunity to further compromise my staff.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I have a doctorate in chemistry, John, and years of experience dealing with things a lot more intimidating than a pair of old trainers.”
After his third cup of tea and a good hour of glaring loathingly at Sherlock every time Sherlock tried to talk about much of anything, John was willing to engage in actual conversation.
The photograph was of mediocre quality. It looked like a screenshot from standard surveillance footage, just a CCTV still, and so it didn’t offer much in the way of detail. But in the lower right-hand corner of the image was a man mid-stride, looking over his shoulder so that his face was hidden. The only discernible features were his military clothing and his short hair, just a few shades darker than John’s sandy blonde.
“It’s addressed to you,” Lestrade insisted. “Considering we can all easily deduce who the sender is, you’d be justified in making an exception,” said Sherlock. He examined the paper. Same stationary as before. Bohemian. Same handwriting as well. He picked up a letter opener off Lestrade’s desk and carefully slit the envelope.
Sherlock paused, eyes narrowing suspiciously when he reached the top landing of the stairs a few hours after his departure that morning. It only took a few seconds for his suspicions to be confirmed.
John blinked. “Great,” he said, feeling apprehensive and cross at the same time. “Then let’s make this quick, if you don’t mind.”
John made his way to the kitchen, deciding it was too early to be annoyed with Sherlock already. “Tea?”
“So,” said John, licking his lips anxiously but sitting up very straight, shoulders back. “Let’s take care of this quickly. I have places to b—“
The cab ride to meet Lestrade was a reasonably quick one. It was enough time to receive a few more indignant texts from the inspector, but even so it was a little under half an hour before Sherlock was standing on the sidewalk in front of the Yard. He quickly walked inside, past the staff at the front desk who simply waved him along when he flashed his ID (they all knew him, and they all knew that if he was here it meant he’d been summoned by Lestrade), and to the lifts. Sherlock stepped inside, pushed the button for Lestrade’s floor, and he ascended to the tune of some horrifically bad, concentration-breaking elevator music.
“I… don’t mind, I suppose,” said Sherlock, frowning. He glanced in John’s direction, catching his gaze with a mute question.
. He won’t need to be hidden from Moriarty, but it’s not as if he’s free to be John Watson. His old life is still over. Allowing him to reconnect with his family, or even just try for a normal life… these aren’t simple things. And it’s not like he’s a straightforward roommate, either. He comes with certain risks. Not to mention the condition of his…
“… No, no, you know, I really don’t,” said Sherlock. “You’ll have to excuse me if the prospect of dealing with more of you doesn’t thrill me.”
“I’m guessing that’s supposed to mean something to me, but it doesn’t,” said John, plodding over to the kitchen and leaning against the counter. “What mud?”
A handful of policemen and firemen were still lingering around the room, but Lestrade ushered them away. “Give us the room for just a minute?” he said.
don’t think it was a good idea!” fumed Sherlock, temper immediately soaring from ‘pacified’ to ‘murderous’.
“Okay.” John decided to trust that that was true, if only just to save himself a little bit of stress. There was enough already. “I’ll text Mycroft and Lestrade to meet us in a few hours, after we’ve all gotten a little rest.”
“No,” answered John, holding open the door for Lestrade. “I think he said something about trying to talk to some museum curator about teapots. I don’t have a clue either,” he added, when Lestrade gave him a baffled look. “He’s barely in now. It’s Moriarty at all hours of the day. I’m under house arrest with no idea what’s happening.”
They moved quickly down the hall, past rooms designated for restorations and staff storage, before they stepped through another closed door into the main body of the museum. Like the back rooms, the museum was dark and empty, the last visitors and employees having long since departed for the night. The silence throughout the building was far from a comforting one, even if it suggested that they were moving undetected.
John looked at him, frowning. It figured Mycroft was as weirdly deductive as Sherlock. It figured he had to be able to tell everything about John from one look. The chances of lying and getting away with it were dwindling before John’s eyes. Everything he said felt like another nail in the lid of his coffin.
“I’ll know more before long,” said Sherlock firmly. “It’s much easier to look for something that has a name. I’m willing to bet that Hope’s lead is a solid one. He had no reason to lie. This Moriarty might have been sponsoring him, but I doubt Hope would have felt any particularly strong sense of loyalty. It was a matter of personal motivation. Likely no direct contact. Strictly business.”
“Yeah,” said John, tone dripping with sarcasm. “Then, there was the added challenge of people trying to kill us.”
Sherlock picked up on the grammar. Has, suggesting singular. One person. Interest piqued again in the back of his mind, distracting from pain and instead creating a steady thrum of excitement that increased. Slowly. Too slowly. It didn’t help that he had to continuously shut down the parts of his mind that were exclaiming over how incredibly not good he felt on a physical level. How long had he been unconscious? Everything, his head included, felt battered beyond all reason.
By the time the sun had risen over the rooftops of Baker Street, Sherlock had written a summary of his work with the shoes and its implications for the decades-old record of Carl Powers’ death.
Maybe it was just time. Time to tell the truth. Time to risk everything. Maybe Mycroft was right and this case was bigger than he was. Perhaps he knew deep in his subconscious that right now it was him and John against the rest of the world, and that it didn’t always have to be.
“I’ve long since stopped expecting anything like that.” Another agitated click of the umbrella. “Even when I am acting in your best interest.”
“—in an old boiler room and nearly suffocated yourself because you forgot to stop the door from closing after you.”
"That took a surprising and disconcerting amount of time," was Lestrade's comment upon the Detective's emergence from the room.
“The bottom line is, we’re waiting for Moriarty to make a move,” said Sherlock for the tenth time that day, grimacing at the skull on the mantel as if it was the thing holding back their next lead.
John rubbed his eyes. “I guess we learned something of significance about Moriarty from this. He made it a point to show you how long he’s been doing this with no one noticing. He’s got an empire that’s decades in the making. I get that. It’s an intimidating point.”
But Mycroft shook his head. “No. Because if he does engage you, and you present even the smallest of challenges, Moriarty will warn you to back down, or he’ll kill you.”
“Oh, no, I know that,” said John, shaking his head. “To be honest, Harry’s never been much good at keeping in touch. But I do feel bad that she thinks I’m dead when I’m only an hour or two away. Assuming she knows I’m dead. You told me Molly Hooper couldn’t get in touch, and I don’t know that anyone else would have tried.” He took another sip of tea. “You don’t keep in touch with your brother?”
Sherlock shrugged off the blanket over his shoulders, and the paramedic who’d been trying to get at him for the better part of an hour picked it up and put it on him again.
Moriarty let out a wild laugh, pointing at Sherlock. “You should see your face,” he said gleefully. “Really, you should see it. It might be the funniest thing I’ve ever seen.”
The lamp was knocked off the now-askew bedside table. The covers had been partly tugged off the bed and left on the floor. When Sherlock regained the cognitive control needed to move his limbs, he moved forward to open the drawer of the bedside table, revealing John’s gun lying untouched on top of the fake IDs and documents Mycroft had made.
Kitty met his eyes, her gaze intense. “Listen, you don’t know him like I do. You don’t know how far he could go.”
A few days after John’s visit to Mycroft (which, thankfully, Sherlock had not noticed), Sherlock began once more reviewing the information they had. A week after John’s visit to Mycroft, it became clear that they were getting nowhere.
In one instantaneous, perfect moment, the world slowed for Young Sherlock as if it was showing him exactly what he had to do.
“Mycroft?” John asked, getting his notebook from its place on the coffee table before sitting in his usual chair.
He didn’t know why, but he knew in less than a second that he needed to not be there with no means of self-defense, and he didn’t question it.
Sherlock considered how to explain. He’d never done this before. He had told Lestrade of his gift, obviously, months ago, but he had never explained it to someone who had experienced it firsthand. Who was living it. ‘Living’ being the key word. “It’s difficult to explain,” said Sherlock at last, with a hint of hesitance in his tone. “It’s something of an ability of mine. The origin and reason are unknown, but quite frankly, that is the least concerning aspect of it.”
“What the hell are you doing?” John demanded, watching all of his things vanish into the bag, and he started forward with the intention of taking the bag away.
But nothing was without cost. The most basic laws of physics—the most basic laws controlling how the world itself worked—dictated as much. So if one life was restored for too long, then someone else had to die.
Sherlock turned on his heel in time to see a glimmer of something in the woman’s hand, who had spun around as he moved passed and reached after him. Instinctively, Sherlock reached towards her outstretched arm with both of his, catching her arm mid-lunge, and in a flash he pressed against the inside of the woman’s wrist with one hand and slammed against the back of her hand with the other. Her fist opened automatically, and the inertia from his hit sent the object in her hand flying through the air, until it scattered across the pavement.
“I know what you mean, dear, I’ve got a hip,” said Mrs. Hudson with a knowing nod. “Drives me mad, sometimes. If it wasn’t for the occasional ‘herbal soother’, honestly… But anyway, how about I make us a cuppa before I head back downstairs?”
“Really?” said Amberley in surprise, his anger vanishing instantly. “You mean he’s actually coming?”
“Wait, what are you talking about?” asked John in confusion, but Sherlock did not reply. He wasn’t going to fill John in on only half the details. Not if he had nothing of value to tell.
Sherlock’s rekindled desire to go rushing off in search of new leads had only been hindered (somewhat) by John, who was quite obviously a lot more concerned about the fact that Moriarty was dangerous than Sherlock was. When Sherlock made it plain that it wasn’t wise for John to venture out if Moriarty was still looking for him (never mind his new collection of IDs stashed carefully in the drawer of John’s bedside table), John had grudgingly agreed that going with the police during the Lucky Cat raid and going with Sherlock on casework had been risky. But that didn’t mean John was willing to let Sherlock go off alone now, which was how the Detective had found himself spending an unreasonable amount of time with DI Lestrade, at John’s insistence.
“You means you,” said Sherlock. “And you’re not going to a crime scene dressed in a bathrobe, so stop acting like an idiot.”
Moriarty sighed, “Yeah, okay, I did. I’ve invested a lot in getting you to play, ever since you showed up on my radar. I’ve given you a glimpse, Sherlock—just a teeny glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world.”
John snorted, amused in spite of himself. “No, you’re not, it’s…” But he trailed off. He was an idiot. He was a complete idiot. If she knew his name, and knew that he had been dead the last time they were in the same room, then—
“Of course it is,” said John. “Look, I know you’ve been enjoying the intrigue with Moriarty, but the rest of us are more anxious than entertained.”
Sherlock turned, and a fist collided with his side, in an expert jab. His unsteady footing couldn’t withstand the cloying pull of gravity, and Sherlock fell. Rather spectacularly.
the universe was going to drop a shoe and, if so, whether that dropped shoe would have the impact of a foam flip-flop or a steel-toed work boot.
For a second, no one said anything. Then Sherlock and Mycroft tore their eyes from the screen to stare at John. “
“And?” said John. He could tell the name meant something more than just a stranger’s name would. “Do you—“
“I touched a body and nothing happened,” said Sherlock, panic creeping back into his voice. “Do you understand?
“That was barely scratching the surface,” said Sherlock carelessly. “I was on the clock. I didn’t have the time to elaborate.”
The paper was heavy, and of the same type as Moriarty’s earlier messages had been. It was folded like a letter, with no seal. Across the outer edge, in a now familiar, nondescript handwriting, were the words
Of course Mycroft wouldn’t suspect magic, or whatever Sherlock’s ability to reanimate the dead was. Of course he wouldn’t think it could be something like that.
The voice spoke again, as someone stepped out through the open door. “Or are you just happy to see me?”
Lestrade patted John bracingly on the shoulder, albeit a little awkwardly. “I probably don’t need to tell you this is what he’s always like when he’s got a case.”
It's been an eternity since I updated and for that you have my deepest apologies D: I'm so sorry for the delay (I feel like this happens a lot…)! I had several very busy weeks of work and travel, and then since then I have been in the process of finishing a paper for publication, and it’s been sucking the life out of me for a few weeks. Somehow spending all day writing about my opinion on iron meteorites usefulness (or lack thereof) in climate modeling is not inspiring me to write much of anything at all, even something much more fun. :P When work-writing is going poorly, it's hard to feel good about fun-writing.
“And we would have lost our chance at capturing the sniper and vexing Moriarty,” Sherlock replied. “So it was a mutually beneficial partnership.”
John laughed, and focused on the case in hand, leaning back against the kitchen counter. Several newspaper clippings detailed the unsuccessful investigation of a stockbroker’s mysterious demise.
Finally, Moriarty took a step back, looking Sherlock up and down as if sizing him up. “I don’t want to have to force the issue, but I will, if you make me. The flirting’s over, Sherlock… Daddy’s had enough now.”
This also seemed like the perfect opportunity to bring Molly back into the story, if only for a moment. To my mind, there’s no way Molly could have not noticed Sherlock talking to the dead in her morgue. Sooner or later, she’d have unwittingly poked her head into the room in time to see some Very Weird Magic taking place. But Molly is also amazing and I feel like she’d somehow be okay with it.
John’s face split into a wide grin. For a moment Sherlock watched John weighing the idea in his mind. He could see John liked the sound of the gamble and was sure his discipline would win out over Sherlock’s stubbornness. Sherlock noted the confident look on John’s face and instantly felt energized himself. Being John wouldn’t exactly be thrilling mental work, but the practical applications were fascinating. At least for the feeling of proving John wrong.
"Oh. Oh, hi, Sherlock, hi," said a cute, blonde woman in a lab coat, who promptly turned very pink at the sight of Sherlock. "I didn't realize you were coming in. I—"
“If your people find her, you have to try to catch her. Alive, and unhurt,” Sherlock continued. “She may know Moriarty by more than just the hint of a name. I need to talk to her. She might be willing to help us, given the right persuasion or the right price.”
“In any event,” continued Sherlock, noticing the twitch but deciding not to comment on it, “it’s unclear to me if it’s worth looking for them. But I’ll do it just in case somewhere out there is someone who works for Moriarty but is willing to talk in exchange for protection. I intend to find them, if they exist, and exploit that fear of Moriarty. Without it, I don’t know that it’ll be possible to find him.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though he smiled a little as well. “I suppose so,” he said. “Your medical insight and your experience handling crises of this particular nature proved rather helpful, that’s all.”
“Good.” John nodded. He slid off the bed and gathered his notes in his arms. “We can move down to the kitchen. More room to spread out.”
John pulled out one of the chairs from the living room table, and placed it in the middle of the room. He gestured, and the woman sat down tentatively and watched as Sherlock drew each of the curtains.
He and Mycroft had started to consider the way forward ever since Moran’s full identity had been discovered a few days earlier. They were up against the clock, but they were not starting the race from a dead stop.
“To be honest, I hadn’t given it much thought until now; I was too preoccupied with finding him and not with what he might be doing in the meantime,” Sherlock admitted. “But Soo Lin has made a good point, and the Black Lotus are the people in Moriarty’s network that we’ve had the most direct contact with. Considering how carelessly he got rid of Shan and Zhi Zhu, it doesn’t seem all that unreasonable that he would get rid of the rest of them in the same quick fashion. They’ve been too exposed. And with Gruner put away, he doesn’t really need them to smuggle things out of China to the London markets. I think he’s going to start eliminating all of the pieces of his network that I’ve contacted or exposed, and then when I’m dead, he’ll be able to vanish again. Very neat and tidy.”
Even if he wasn’t supposed to be dead, there weren’t many people he would call for fun, even under more normal circumstances. Maybe half a dozen. Probably fewer than that. But he couldn’t call them anytime soon anyway, not with Moriarty looming in the background. If he was being realistic, he might be dead—dead again, that is, and in a very permanent way this time—before Moriarty was out of the picture. And even if Moriarty
After a few minutes of fussing, the visitor’s coat was hung next to the front door, tea had been politely refused, and Sherlock, John, and the woman from the Black Lotus had moved up to the flat. John was the last one in, and he closed the door most of the way. Sherlock crossed straight to the windows and peered out at the street, checking to see if it was still empty; when it was, he pulled the curtains shut over the windows.
He couldn’t see movement anywhere. He could barely see anything, for that matter, and what little he could make out was covered in a layer of dust, glass, and debris.
Sherlock didn’t wait around to hear the rest of whatever it was Mycroft wanted to say. He took off once again, John close behind him, and they made their way out to a carpark just north of the building. “Why do they all drive the same stupid car?” he demanded, turning on the spot to look at a row of a few dozen nondescript black sedans. He jammed his finger onto the ‘panic’ button on the key, and the horn of one of the cars halfway down the line began blasting.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed again, and Sherlock snatched it up off the table and hurled it across the room without looking at it.
“I’m good,” she said, very red in the face. “I was just heading out. Can – can I – did you need something?”
Sherlock and Gruner sat at the desk—Gruner behind it and Sherlock in a chair in front—and Sherlock set his box on the table and slid it gently towards Gruner.
John raised an arm, and then lowered it again. “What do you need?” he asked finally. “What can I do?”
“If you want out, say so. Don’t feel you have to stay, even if you haven’t gotten the information you want,” said Sherlock. “And good luck.”
John managed to stop smiling. It seemed a little impolite to laugh, even when Sherlock was being this ridiculous. “How so?”
To Sherlock’s horror, Lestrade nodded, and stepped to Sherlock’s other side. He cautiously pulled Sherlock’s arm over his shoulders, and John, gingerly, stepped away, Sherlock’s arm dropping to his side.
“I was hoping you and Lestrade would eventually have gotten so frustrated that you’d Google your way into finding some mention of them in an article from a Chinese smuggling case,” said Sherlock with a disappointed sigh that was cut short when John burst out laughing. “… Rude.”
“Carl Powers was eleven years old when he was killed, and his death was over twenty years ago. So anyone younger than, say, about thirty is too young to be Moriarty. But anyone Carl’s age or older who could have gotten close to him at any time could have killed him. So we can infer that Moriarty is probably at least thirty years old.”
“So what is your role, now that Gruner’s little antiquities business has encountered some… legal issues?” said Sherlock.
Moran leaned forward a little, his tone taking on an edge of condescension. “I’m sure you intended that to be a snappy reply where you throw my words in my face and that puts us on level ground… but to me, ‘sniper’ is a hell of a lot more intimidating than ‘doctor’.”
“Well…” said Sherlock, and it took John a moment to realize that his pause was because he was on the verge of laughing. “Yes; no but it doesn’t matter; and yes, eventually, thanks to Kitty.”
Sherlock had long since grown to loath those moments. The clamoring of thoughts and ideas and uncertainties and inconsequential nothings would crowd his mind in a deafening roar. Or, perhaps even worse, he would have nothing to think about at all.
In this particular moment, he vividly remembered a dark street some weeks before and the feeling of this man’s fist colliding with his cheek with enough force to send him to the ground before he was drugged and abducted by the Black Lotus. He remembered.
“And Mycroft. And everyone else, in fact,” said Sherlock, already prepping a slide for the microscope.
It was one thing to ask these questions, and another thing to ask these questions and have to answer them alone.
Lestrade focused on Sherlock, then the room at large, and then his eyes found the doctor perched on the far stairs, his face just barely visible over Sherlock’s shoulder.
John gave Sherlock a pointed look. “You think I’m going to let you sideline me because things got bad? Look, I hate to be an ass about it, but I’m a soldier. I don’t back down when it gets bad.”
That startled a laugh out of Watson, and Sherlock permitted himself a smug grin. This was a truly bizarre, singular occurrence. It was not especially common for the dead to appreciate a blow-by-blow of their own murder.
, how many times am I going to have to explain this?” He turned on his heel and stormed out, the box in his arms. John and Lestrade followed in his wake and nearly bumped into him (John practically leaping backwards in a panic) as Sherlock came to a screeching halt at the front door.
John nodded, feeling only a little less anxious than he’d felt a few minutes ago. He opened up his notebook to jot down the particulars, picking up his pen and looking down at the blank page he’d opened to. “That’s something, then. You’d better be careful when you’re on watch, though—I bet everyone in Moriarty’s network knows your face by now. You’re a private detective so it’s not like everyone in London knows your face, sure, but the last thing we need is for you to be reckless right now. Not when the stakes are this high. So do me a favor and be careful out there, all right? And call me if something happens.”
“He informed us that you are dangerous,” said Shan slowly, swallowing. “He knows what you are capable of.
“Not as good as yours, I think,” said Sherlock, turning on the charm, but something in Gruner’s face made him send the summons to Lestrade.
In any case, I’m excited to have finally reached this stage in the plot. Can I take the summer off from work and just write please and thank you
Sherlock glanced around, getting his bearings. “Soo Lin works with the ceramics in the adjacent wing,” he said, speaking softly in the darkness even though there was no indication that anyone was around to hear.
And yet here he was, with a man shot in the head for the sake of persuasion. And it was Sherlock’s fault that Yao was dead.
When John reached the kitchen, Sherlock was already seated at the table, looking disinterestedly at his phone. John wordlessly resumed making tea, and for a while a silence stretched between them, interrupted only by the occasional tapping of Sherlock’s fingers on the screen of his mobile. The silence was a nondescript one—neither awkward nor amiable—but it ended, finally, as John set a fresh cup of tea down on the kitchen table in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock shifted, burying his hands in the pockets of his coat. “Everything we do is a choice. Tea or coffee, Tube or cab, fifty-nine seconds or sixty seconds. We make choices, and live with consequences. If someone gets hurt along the way, we must learn to cope with the responsibility or ask for forgiveness. It's the best anyone can do.” He cleared his throat. “Though I did not realize it at the time, that was a choice. A largely unconscious one, but an active choice in some part of my mind. The dismissal of the passage of time is a choice in some way or another. And I am certain there is a reason for it. I am an impulsive individual, but I am not a stupid one. There is cause for everything that I do.”
Sherlock was alone. As he had to be. And when he had nothing to do, he would remember just how alone he was. And that just wouldn't do. So Sherlock kept his unbelievably clever mind filled with practical information that could lead to work, experiments, distractions, occupation.
John heard the front door close behind Sherlock a moment later. He crossed to the new windows and looked out, watching Sherlock clamber into Lestrade’s car before it trundled off down the street, around the corner, and out of sight. He sighed, and stepped back from the window, looking out at the ruined building across the street for a moment, before he frowned.
Sherlock crossed the room again, glaring down at the policeman with a blazing intensity. “No. You know what
John sat in the living room, looking out of the window, for most the day, getting up once or twice to make a cup of tea. Every now and then, he would glance at Sherlock’s door, but the flat was silent.
Soo Lin looked down at her hands in her lap, and Sherlock got the distinct impression that she wasn’t proud of her affiliation with Gruner.
“How would I know that already.” John would have expected Mycroft to look annoyed that he consistently refused to cooperate with Mycroft’s deductive leaps, but Mycroft looked less annoyed and more amused, like this was a children’s game that John just couldn’t figure out how to play.
The office door opened suddenly with a loud bang. John and Mycroft both turned quickly to look around.
To answer questions raised by the last chapter -- Mycroft, indeed, knows absolutely nothing about Sherlock's Gift. I wonder if that'll ever be a problem for them? .... Nah. >_>;
The back of Young Sherlock’s head was pounding from the hit against the wall, but his blood was singing, and his Mind Palace had come alive so that the doors of opportunity opened. A voice in his mind, his own, whispered:
The question clearly made Soo Lin uncomfortable. She shifted in her chair, and lowered her eyes again. “For now, I am still working in the museum.”
John paused, before he finally nodded, and let out a long sigh. “Well. At least one thing’s gone right.”
‘Treason’ wasn’t a throwaway word. Not to him. Just a few weeks ago he’d been killed more or less in defense of his country. And yet to someone like Mycroft, it looked like he’d done just the opposite.
“I’m disturbed that you just know that off the top of your head,” said John, but he nodded. “How did the killer—how did Moriarty, assuming it’s him, get his hands on that kind of poison?”
“So that’s what it’d look like with me,” said John slowly, as if it was taking considerable effort for him to grapple with the concept. “And then I’d just be dead forever, like I was supposed to be before I met you.”
Yellow spray paint made up a handful of unusual symbols painted across the door, still drying in some places. The symbols stretched the length of the door, so large and bright that they would be easily visible from across the street, and possibly several houses down the street in either direction.
John considered the question for a moment. “I want to be able to go to a suspense movie without you ruining the ending four minutes in.”
“Mm.” Sherlock set down John’s pen with a triumphant look on his face. “Gruner makes a deal with Moriarty—if Moriarty can get him out of a murder conviction, he’ll offer Moriarty his services indefinitely and expand them from Germany to an international market. Which means Gruner isn’t one of Moriarty’s victims like Carl Powers, nor is he a client. He’s a partner.”
“Uh…” said Lestrade, clearly at a loss for words. “Case… Case…” He seemed to come to his senses, and shook his head as if doing so would restore normality. “Right,” he continued. “Yes. This man here says his wife’s gone missing, possibly run away with the neighbor. She’s run with a large sum and a lot of securities, and he’s willing to pay just about anything if you can find the two of ‘em.”
The job was dull, and it did little to make John feel any less anxious about the plan, but there was something to be said for being part of it. A contribution of some kind—even a contribution this small—to the limited efforts they could make in protecting Soo Lin made it that much more bearable.
“John,” said Lestrade, interrupting Amberley and speaking to John with forced courtesy. “I do hope you have a good reason for taking Mr. Amberley to a laundromat in Essex.”
"Well obviously, I'd prefer that," said Watson with an amiable smile and a shrug. "But - well, not like I can do anything about it."
Sherlock hurried through the door and led the way down the stairs as quickly as he could. John followed a few steps behind, and they wound their way down flight after flight until they reached a door to one of the lower levels. Pausing only for a moment to listen at the door (even though the only obvious sound was the wail of the alarms), he pushed the door open.
Moriarty frowned. “… You’re not going to do it,” he said slowly, as if he couldn’t quite believe it. “You’re really not going to do it. I’m…” He took a step back. “I’m disappointed. I really thought you’d do it, for me, if I asked.”
Sherlock pursed his lips. “… Come on,” he said, and he got to his feet. John followed suit, and they filed out of the café and across the street.
“Tea,” said John, automatically getting to his feet. He was sore, his shoulder most of all, and he hobbled stiffly over to the kitchen and started getting out the necessary things to make a few cups. “I fell asleep last night before I could make it, I guess—sorry about that.”
"That's funny, because neither am I. But there's a matter of potential national security that has your name written all over it. Bart's in twenty, all right?"
For a while, Sherlock and John stood in silence just inside the door, watching the street even after Soo Lin had vanished.
Moriarty offered a rueful little frown. “Only if I need to. It’s your own fault. You’re the one who decided to go poking around, and now you’re in my way.”
The click of heels and footsteps coming to rest behind him interrupted John’s diatribe. He paused, turning a little, to find a smartly-dressed woman with dark hair standing behind him, phone in hand. She was very pretty, John noted.
Mycroft looked at him, his expression unreadable. “Get out,” he said again, still quiet. He could have screamed it, and it would have felt just the same.
“Before I got here.” Sherlock dug his mobile out of his pocket fumblingly and looked at it. Several missed calls, a handful of texts. “Not that it’s done us any good.”
Not too much else to report — I am writing these chapters in between grant applications and research papers I’m trying to send for review/publication :P every time my life is supposed to get less chaotic, something comes up to make sure that the level of chaos is maintained at less-than-ideal levels. My high hopes for writing time in the last month were instead spent apartment-hunting, so as ever, I continue to play catch-up. That said, I’ll do my utmost to get the next chapter up in 2 weeks. <3
“You can do it, John,” Sherlock sighed. He sat in the kitchen yet again, while John stretched out on the couch looking miserable. “I will just offer encouragement at odd intervals until the solution leaps to your capable mind.” He drummed his fingers on the table.
Sherlock opened the door and stuck his head out, looking up and down the road. It was empty, the only movement from moths fluttering around the streetlamps in the cold autumn air. “It’s clear,” he murmured, stepping back for Soo Lin to pass him.
“Wait!” said the driver, but there was a shift in his accent that made Sherlock stop dead in his tracks. “You dropped something.”
The panic wrapped in cold iron bands around Sherlock’s ribcage eased, but only a little. “How long have you been out?”
For the most part, Sherlock’s updates were lackluster, at least in John’s eyes. He would give the same report that he’d spoken with potential informants and witnesses about a number of cold cases. Each time, he came up with little more than their description of events, and a profound sense that there was a good reason why no one had ever solved these cases. John could feel a headache coming on after most of these discussions.
“I thought it was a possibility. Though certainly not in such an… explosive fashion. I thought Moriarty might make a concerted effort to get Moran back, if Moran is an important part of his plans for me.”
think I will forgive something like this. I have already told you to stay out of my way. This is the last time I say it. Now, I’m leaving, with John, and you will stay the hell away from both of us.”
“Maybe,” admitted Sherlock. He indicated the little porcelain dish perched on top of its protective black box. “I’m by no means an expert in ceramics, but from my research and a few emails to the Antiquities Museum here in London, I’m almost certain this is an original Ming dynasty era piece, from China. Xuande, maybe. The blue cobalt underglaze that makes up the decoration has very crisp lines. That was a characteristic innovation of that period, adding manganese to the cobalt glaze to stop the color from bleeding in the kiln. If the piece is genuine, and I have a feeling it must be, then it’s rather expensive. Incredibly expensive, in fact.”
“I’d like to point out,” said Sherlock, “that you’re currently griping about the cost of a parking ticket that might be a couple hundred pounds at most—and yet, somehow, that
“And that shouldn’t be hard, since we’ve met,” said John. Sherlock got the impression that he was psyching himself up. “And died in front of each other. Loads to talk about. Great ice-breakers.”
“Of course you didn’t, but I can’t take credit,” said Sherlock. “Then I’d have to make statements and fill out paperwork. And anything that connects me to Jeff Hope here is just another way in which this Moriarty can realize I’m on to them.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock grumbled, folding his long limbs in his armchair like he was shielding himself. He and John sat in silence for a long time, John finally reopening his paper so that all Sherlock could see were John’s legs and his hands holding the newspaper up in front of the rest of him. Sherlock remained folded in the chair, glaring fixatedly at a point somewhere around John’s neck.
And there was something both deeply unsettling and strangely comforting in knowing that he wasn’t the only one in the room who would be lying if he said he hadn’t been afraid tonight. If he said he wasn’t afraid now.
“You can phrase it however you want, Sherlock. It doesn’t change the fact that, like it or not, you killed someone for me.”
At least, that had been the thought forty minutes, thirty-nine seconds, and twenty-one utterances of the phrase “
John looked down at the coffee table, then back up at Sherlock. “It’s literally right in front of you.”
“Specifically at odd hours of the night and possibly early morning. I like to play when I’m thinking.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure. He took a sip of tea. “Nothing changes this way. Mycroft knows now, but he won’t be bothering us, and he obviously won’t say anything about it. No one would believe it. So really, nothing’s changed.”
Mycroft looked John up and down, and John thought he looked just a little bit approving, in a grudging way. Mycroft didn’t seem like the sort of person who was argued with on a regular basis. John figured it was about time someone did.
“How indeed,” said Mycroft, with the slightest hint of a smile. “This is a pleasant change of pace. And here I was expecting to have to wait all day for anything useful. But a name, and a date of death, is worth something. Excuse me.”
Moriarty had sent the first puzzle to share something personal with Sherlock about his history. The first puzzle, Carl Powers, was about his history, and a connection he and Sherlock had never known they shared—their introduction to the world of crime. The second puzzle had been a statement about his empire. Moriarty had killed Shan in order to take full control of the Black Lotus Tong, an organization of smugglers he had used, in partnership with Gruner, to make millions. And that was only one of his criminal ventures. Moriarty liked control—over his empire, over his connections, over the flow of information. That was the point of the puzzles. To engage but still control the flow of information.
“Might be a bit of a dead end, then,” said John. “Unless you have people who could do the looking for you.”
. Like I said, I’m saving that for something special. So I won’t kill you until I need to kill you. But obviously, that doesn’t mean you can run off and keep interfering with my work without consequence. Don’t be stupid. No. We’re here tonight so I could meet you, and so I could warn you that if you don’t back off, I’ll burn you.”
we brought him down without tying him publically to Moriarty. Barring some failure on my part that I don’t know about, Moriarty will continue to play.”
Amberley passed John the key with trembling fingers. John put the key in the lock, and signaled to Lestrade to be ready but not to shoot unnecessarily. Lestrade nodded. John quickly turned the key in the lock, twisted the doorknob, and wrenched the door open.
Nothing unusual had happened in the few days before his death. Nothing, at least, that was more unusual than his life already was.
John rubbed the back of his neck, letting out a slow and slightly shaky breath. “You’re right. I’m trying not to be ridiculous about it. But it’s… I mean, I
“Mm.” Sherlock seemed to be going to great lengths to use as few words as possible, and John could see he looked tense enough to snap.
Sherlock quickly dug into his coat pocket and pulled out his phone, dialing 999. After a few minutes of hurried explanation and direction with the operator, he disconnected. He fired off a series of rapid texts to Lestrade too, as he crossed the room to John and Soo Lin.
about where or how he was, or about what Moriarty might suspect regarding how John had managed to survive being ‘fatally’ shot, or about how helpless he felt.
“Stop asking stupid questions,” said Sherlock, and he started them forward again, stepping into the hall cautiously.
Ignoring John, albeit with an amused smile, Sherlock continued, “Moriarty prefers to have other people do that sort of work for him, but that doesn’t mean he’s incapable in a pinch. Having someone like Moran in his employ makes it possible for him to keep his hands clean. Or create twice as many threats.”
Sherlock tore his eyes from Zhi Zhu Yao so he could stare at Moriarty. “I…” He could barely get the words out. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
) came, went, returned home, even died. Bombings near the cities weren’t unusual, but were never any less horrifying. Sometimes they could get a quiet night to drink with the rest of the soldiers and truck drivers by the Helmand. John had started learning how to throw knives. The translators had taught him some Pashtu. He was, in his own words, an ‘okay shot’, but left most of the shooting to the fighters. He’d saved a lot of lives in Afghanistan. He’d taken some, too.
"Mm," said Sherlock, already beginning to think, already beginning to analyze the body. He didn't need Lestrade to tell him details. Sherlock could learn everything he needed to know himself, as if the answers were written in the air for him to read, needing only a single glance.
“You should have known to stay away, Mr. Holmes,” said Shan. “I regret to inform you that you will not have the chance to correct your mistake. I will give you ten minutes to prepare yourself as best you can. Then you die.”
Young Sherlock looked up at the sound of the bird colliding with his window and, in seconds—because he was exceedingly bright, curious, and talented at observing while everyone else was merely looking—he had determined that it was a common house sparrow, that his window was slightly cracked, and that the poor thing had broken its neck on impact.
Lestrade rubbed the back of his neck wearily. “Not sure I can get you that. You’re not affiliated with the case and it looks strange if I give you access to things for no reason.”
Sherlock stopped in his tracks and held up an arm, signaling for John to stop. They both stood, straining to listen—and sure enough, the sound resolved into whispers.
Sherlock’s heart even had the decency to stop beating just in order to make sure Sherlock could hear the question with perfect clarity.
“Because I’m the Devil, darling,” said Moriarty, singsong and teasing. “Because he laughed at me, so I stopped him laughing. Because I wanted to see what it felt like. Because I’m a consulting criminal. Because that’s what I do.”
“Well, she’s not happy with you. Not after all the fuss you’ve caused us. Caused her. Caused our employer.” The man leaned down to look Sherlock in the eye threateningly, and Sherlock spat in his face. He recoiled with a yelp of disgust.
“You too, I suppose,” said Sherlock, with a grudging smile. “Now stop sounding all considerate, it’s making me nauseous.”
Sherlock scowled furiously and crossed into the kitchen, sitting down at the table still covered in case files and John’s notes. After giving John and Lestrade another glare, he turned away from them and picked through the case files. “It doesn’t take a genius to know who you’re laughing at.”
“Uh…” said Lestrade, puzzled. “I don’t think so. We were just trying to get them to surrender, so there weren’t many shots fired on our side. A few, though—I think one of them got hit as we forced the front door open. But they were fleeing left and right.”
He could only analyze what he knew about John so much, after all. He needed more data. Sherlock was clever, but he could not make bricks without clay.
When John finally gave up and dozed off, the sun was already beginning to rise, the sky over London tinged a faint red over the grey of the rooftops. The flat was silent, and still. His eyelids drooped over and over again until he surrendered to sleep, wrapped up in a blanket on the sofa—just as he’d been doing all week—so he’d known when Sherlock returned.
Fear. Uncertainty. Concern. Panic. And under all of it, like the burning center of a cooling ember, was
quipped Sherlock’s mind, and he filed that deduction away for later examination. He was confident he already had John’s partial trust, but not his complete trust.
“I’m afraid I don’t have enough information to be able to automatically do either,” said Sherlock. “But it’s only been five minutes. It might help if I knew what had made you come here in the first place.”
I was so excited to finally write this chapter, though it took me several re-writes before I was happy with it. But I'm so excited to bring Moran in at long last. I always had the headcanon that John and Moran had crossed paths somehow in Afghanistan - admittedly, not like this, but it’s all that much more exciting if people died in the process, right? … Right?
“Because if Moriarty is as smart as I think he is, he’ll know by now that I’m not going to let this go. If I have to raise hell, I will.”
Soo Lin beamed at him. Even with an IV in her arm, wearing a worn and faded hospital gown, the trials of the last several days only just starting to lift from her shoulders, she really did look as if she had shed years’ worth of sorrow since the last time he’d seen her. It was foolish to think that Moriarty was not a threat without Moran at his disposal—and Sherlock was sure Soo Lin knew that just as well as he did—but it was clear that even this brief time living outside the reach of that particular shadow of death meant more to her than almost anything else.
“Just—“ Lestrade looked guilty. “Until your brother stops watching your every move trying to figure out what’s going on with this Moriarty case and with John, I can’t help you. If I’m out of the job, then so are you, so my hands are tied. Your brother could make life very difficult for me if he thought it would help him get his way. And you’re going to have to figure out some way to get him to drop this if you don’t want him bringing this to your doorstep.”
“I was thinking because of how unbelievably uncomfortable those chairs are—but yes, let’s call it stress.”
The expression on Mycroft’s face said that he’d been expecting as much. Maybe he was enough like Sherlock that he could tell from John’s face, body language, and voice that John was about as happy to be here as the dead flowers in the window. And a far cry more vocal about his grievances.
John smiled grimly. “That’s the spirit.” He ducked so Sherlock wouldn’t have to lift his arm much to get situated. “Let’s go.”
But Sherlock shook his head, running one hand absently through his hair. “Never mind. Forget I said anything.”
“You may have found it easy to get in here, but you’ll find it much harder to leave,” said Gruner in a low voice, though his face was still pale and now his hand was shaking.
"Bollocks," said Watson flatly, and again Sherlock blinked in surprise. "There's nothing simple about it, it's genius. How'd you get something like that out of a few seconds of vague crap from me?"
Sherlock shrugged. “That’s a shame. As I have a feeling they might be the person responsible for your murder.”
Sherlock leaned against the doorframe. “Seemed foolish to leave you without one. Otherwise, our only means of long-distance communication is with Mrs. Hudson’s landline, and it’s unwise to risk missing an important call because Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner next door can talk about literally nothing for terrifying lengths of time.”
It was exactly the same as it had been for Shan. A single bullet from a sniper’s gun. Death, in one perfect shot.
“It’s a mixed blessing,” said Sherlock. “You don’t have to worry about being abducted by special forces in the middle of the night and forced to live as an exiled foreign national in the country of Mycroft’s choosing for the rest of your life just because you make him uneasy,
you to know.” He smiled anxiously, almost laughing, though largely from nerves. “I wouldn’t mind it if you thought a little better of me than ‘blackmailed drug addict’. And strangely enough, I think this is better. So—this is the truth. And I’m… not ashamed of it.”
He automatically started running through the checks, asking the questions that determined what he did and how quickly he needed to do it. Was he breathing? Was he bleeding? Was he conscious?
He’d shown the blog to John just a few days before, and though John wasn’t sure that anyone other than Sherlock would ever be interested in blog topics like the differences between two hundred and forty-three types of tobacco ash, he did think it made sense to have an archive of his investigations. John had his notebook; Sherlock had his blog.
“I told you before that I did not mind the risks. I was not so naïve that I thought I could break with the Tong… or with our employer… and live.” It looked like it was taking all of Soo Lin’s energy to string the words together. But her eyes suddenly had an inexplicable intensity to them, one that was familiar, though Sherlock didn’t know where from. “But if I die, I want to be the last one who dies because of him. Do that for me, please. Make me the last one.”
Mycroft frowned slightly. “I admit, I would have thought you’d ask Sherlock about this, if you haven’t already.”
Sherlock could see it in his mind, the connections forming between the cases and the puzzles and the branches of Moriarty’s network, from his first meeting with John to this moment. Delicate, brilliant connections that he had just – missed. That he had thought impossible. He had become so comfortable in his solitude that he’d never even considered the possibility of another person with the same Gift. The signs were there but he’d failed to see them for what they were. How many times had he convinced himself that Moriarty couldn’t know about his Gift in the two months since he’d brought John back to life? Why had he convinced himself that it had to be impossible for Moriarty, if it was possible for him? It was improbable, beyond all reasonable odds—but he should have known better than to think it was impossible.
But John squared his shoulders, taking a few more steps into the room to look more closely at Shan. “I think I’m okay. Not like I’ve never seen a dead person before. I’ll stay, if you don’t mind.”
“I’m not expecting you to understand this, as it is my Gift. My abilities that have facilitated this.” Sherlock straightened. “Nor do I expect you to understand my reasoning. Namely because I am not sure I understand it. At all. But it is my responsibility. And not something you need to carry on your shoulders.”
The interior of the building was as stately as the exterior, with everything made out of marble or mahogany. John followed Mycroft inside, looking around as he went. He had absolutely no idea where he was, though he could guess this was probably where Mycroft worked. Some sort of private office, then. A few other people were milling around the lobby as well, but none of them said a word, or even noticed John and Mycroft entering. John looked at them, waiting for something to happen, or even just for someone to say hello to Mycroft just to break the oppressive silence, but no one did. Neither, for that matter, did Mycroft.
“We found that one of the names on this flight did, in fact, belong to a dead soldier,” said Mycroft. “This is the only photograph of any soldier on that flight whose status can’t now be verified, so it must be him. Not even military security is perfect. It’s easier to get past military checkpoints if you’re using what used to be a legitimate identity. You should know, little brother, that making up entirely false personas never yields good results—it’s too easy to lose track of the details. Modifying a dead man’s records so that they look alive is less challenging, and less risky. It’s a similar thought process to the one I used in creating John’s new papers. And in addition, I imagine people are less suspicious about those people flying
“Well done, Mr. Holmes,” he said. “Too bad I died before I got to have a go against you.  You wouldn’t believe how pleased I was when I saw it was you who got in my cab.”
I hope this chapter proved worth the wait! It was a hard one to write, with several do-overs, but in the end John and Moran started writing themselves and decided they'd like to be as antagonistic as humanly possible. So much for them bonding over their magical-genius friends, or being dead, or anything at all, really...
Soo Lin’s eyes fluttered open, her brow furrowed with discomfort. “Mr. Holmes,” she said, focusing on him. With focus came comprehension, and with that came worry. She shifted. “I need to talk to you.”
. Just to make sure I am well and truly frustrated. And who do you think is responsible for that? Take a guess.”
“So let’s just be careful not to push them,” said Lestrade, joining Sherlock inside, and the two of them walked through the entryway and into the large bare room where Shan had been killed. “Let’s just be cautious and…”
Sherlock shrugged, then nodded. “I have to admit, I’m more than a little tired of the constant discomfort.”
“I’d have said that I thought we could protect her, until an hour or two ago,” John murmured. “With Moran locked away, I thought we had an advantage. But maybe her idea to disappear
That being said, it was a hideously busy end-of-semester -- I had a really bad fall about four weeks ago and I broke my foot and severely sprained both ankles, so hopping on crutches to classes, to final exams, to work, and then all the way to the opposite side of the country for a conference was made about ten times trickier and a hundred times more exhausting.
“Because I told him not to ring until today at the earliest,” said John, without looking up from his writing.
The only real evidence that he was angry was in how little he spoke. And the fact that he had stopped asking if Sherlock wanted tea when he made it.
And even if they did, it’d be the end of Sherlock’s life just as much as it’d be the end of Moriarty’s. And John’s, and Mycroft’s, and Lestrade’s, and everyone else associated with him.
He checked the reports again, and still found nothing. Either they were in the clear, or it was still being investigated. Either way, all was quiet for now, and it wouldn’t be until morning that word of a body stolen from the morgue of St. Bartholomew’s would circulate.
Sherlock turned to examine the door again. “So it really is a code. And one from our friends of the Black Lotus, no less.”
“Give me a break,” said John wearily. “You like evidence, yeah? Give me a chance to collect some before you hold me to any conclusions.”
, because he estimated he had about ten seconds before people on the street started noticing there was a dead man on the pavement.
As it was, the moment they arrived at the morgue, Lestrade rushed them inside, hustling a painfully quiet John along until at last they reached the morgue.
He scanned the halls for Sherlock, resisting the urge (strong as it was) to get up and look around for him. But sure enough, after a few minutes, the Detective rounded the far corner.
He knew exactly where his gun was—loaded, in the cabinet beside the bed—and he made a beeline for it the moment he reached the top of the stairs, but something large slammed into him and bowled him over.
“You’ve got to keep me up to date on these things,” said John, sitting back. “Look, I know you’re bored sitting around waiting, but until about twenty minutes ago, I didn’t even know what we were sitting around waiting
“Can’t talk. Need to watch this potassium nitrate until it’s completely burned off,” said a voice from across the room.
“Oh for fuck’s sake.” John picked up the shoe and tossed it to Sherlock with a scowl. “Go on, show-off. What did I miss?”
It had been just over three days since Moran’s flight from the Secret Intelligence headquarters. The fallout had been quickly and effectively brought to heel by Mycroft, thanks to his apparently endless connections to government officials and press agencies. The explosion had been passed off as a faulty power main, with no mention of Moran or Moriarty in the coverage. Lestrade had appeared a couple times on the news coverage, steadfast with the assertion that it was an unfortunate accident. As far as the public or the media were concerned, the dead staffer had been tragically in the wrong place at the wrong time, killed by wayward debris in the limited blast.
“I suppose.” Sherlock ruffled his hair and added, a little hesitatingly, “I… appreciate the vote of confidence. And everything you did tonight. It didn’t go unnoticed.”
“I’m going to pretend that wasn’t a jab.” John and Sherlock walked back up the stairs into their flat and collapsed into chairs, suddenly both infinitely more tired.
Fear welled up like floodwaters in his mind, and doors in his Mind Palace automatically closed to contain it, to shut down those responses. Fear was a chemical reaction. He could control chemistry. The sensation of blood dripping from his wrists became more pronounced, and he immediately deleted it—deleted every trace of the sensation, the pain, the memory.
Thanks for sticking with me! Your feedback means a lot - I love writing this, so I'm glad so many people seem to still be enjoying it as well. :D <3
John sat down in a chair opposite Sherlock and drained half of his tea in one gulp. “That was amazing.”
John settled himself on a different chair, opening up his notebook with an air of finality. “Take two,” he ordered, pointing at the bottle of pills with a pen. “You’ll be less miserable when you’re in less pain.”
“Mm. Possible.” Sherlock sighed. “Like you said, there’s no obvious crime to be solved, here. Unless the auction house Gruner works for is knowingly dealing in stolen goods, but… there’s no way I could prove that anytime soon. It could take weeks. I doubt Moriarty wants to wait around that long.”
“Did you think those sniper lights were for show?” asked Moriarty, his tone morbidly amused. “Did you think I wouldn’t? I could kill you, or John, and I still might. If you force me to. I said I could make you tell me how you did it, Sherlock. But I think I’d rather you
“There are,” said John thoughtfully, moving around to Sherlock’s back and examining the handcuffs, staying back and not touching anything. He kept instinctively reaching to try to do something, twitching his hands back at the last second so he didn’t touch Sherlock. “But they’re busy covering our arses right now, so I’m going to have to be good enough.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I may need your help again later, depending on what Miss Winters has to say.” He turned to the stranger with Lestrade, shaking the woman’s hand before gesturing to John for introductions.
I’m back!! Apologies for the long delay; some of you may recall I was majorly distracted with my candidacy exams (which unfortunately I have to retake in the fall, but such is life! We must persevere. That said thank you all so much for your encouragement last chapter! <3 :’) It means a lot) and then a lot of research and research trips, including a week and a half out of the country with no computer. But! I am back and back in the flow of chapters, so updates will resume their usual every-other-week schedule through the summer.
John and Sherlock had not strayed from the flat in the intervening days. On some level, things seemed almost disturbingly calm—Sherlock spent the vast majority of two days either texting or on his computer, and John asked only the questions he thought Sherlock would agree to answer. For the most part he was just grateful to know where Sherlock was.
They held eye contact for a brief moment, and then Mycroft nodded. “He’s gone,” he said, before erupting into a fit of coughing. John stepped forward to hover concernedly at Mycroft’s side, but Mycroft continued, his voice raspy, “The details can wait. What’s important is that a guard was compromised, and released him. Moran disarmed him, took his weapon, and killed him as he fled. His escape coincided with the blast.”
“You can wait outside, if this is a little too unsettling,” said Sherlock, speaking to John as he took off his gloves.
“Can you two quip at one another after we’ve filled each other in on the details?” asked Lestrade. He looked from Sherlock to Mycroft. “As much as I want to know what happened
John looked at Mycroft, and finally he put his hands in his pockets. “I should go,” he said. “He doesn’t know I’m here.”
John took a deep breath—or at least as deep a breath as possible against the weight of explosives pressing on his ribcage—and shut his eyes. He leaned against the wall.
"I'm always right," was Sherlock's automatic response. He bit his tongue to hold back the 'except once' which nearly followed. Watson did not need to know. He did not need to know the full circumstances of their meeting. And until now, Sherlock
He was beginning to look as shit as he felt, but that had never caused him to hold back before. He wasn’t about to start now.
, John, it’s all in the details…”—and listened to Sherlock’s critique of his writing style with only mild irritation. Sherlock, for his part, went through both case files and John’s notes, searching for common threads that might tie it all together. The research was important – essential, even – but tedious. He ordered Chinese takeaway as night was falling, and as soon as it had arrived, he deposited the plastic bag on the counter and grabbed his coat. He could direct his Homeless Network whenever the tedium became too much. He ignored John’s objections about the lateness of the hour and the human body’s need for caloric intake, and swept out into the London night, leaving John to pick aimlessly at eggrolls and lo mein.
“… Mm,” said Sherlock, shrugging. “The police have noticed you’re missing from St. Bart’s. I met in order to cover our tracks, and then went to gather some intelligence.”
“I can assure you that I’ll do neither,” said Mycroft, rolling his eyes ever so slightly. “We’re… in this together now. You may rely on it. On me.”
For all of his intellectual prowess and mental fortitude, Sherlock was having a surprisingly hard time processing the words coming out of John’s mouth. “You’re saying that Moriarty’s sniper—the one who
“This is turning into a proper party,” said Moriarty. He gestured lazily to the man on John’s other side. “I believe you may have met before, as a matter of fact.”
“No,” said Sherlock sharply in a flat-out refusal. “No. No. I refuse. I absolutely will not see a medic. No. No. I’m going home and you can all just—“
John smiled wryly. “Rate the pain in the right ankle from one to ten,” he said, refusing to be deterred.
I really wanted this to be a chance for Sherlock to gain a little insight into Moriarty's little network of evil, and also establish a good, solid reason for John to venture out of 221B in spite of Sherlock's instructions to stay put. Sherlock knows John is skilled and capable, but knowing and
John bustled about for a few minutes making tea, and when he’d made two cups, he set one on the kitchen table next to Sherlock, carefully placed amidst the various scientific instruments scattered across the surface. Sherlock ignored it, then looked back at it sharply.
All at once, Sherlock was eight years, three months, four days, nineteen hours, and fifty-one minutes old again. Because from that exact moment, and the twenty-five years, eight months, eleven days, two hours, and forty-three minutes since then that he had lived knowing that he could bring the dead back to life, Sherlock had been alone. In all that time, he had found himself faced with questions about life, death, and all that lay between. And he had done it all believing that his Gift was his curse alone, and that no one—no one—would ever understand what that meant.
(I have no idea why I turn into a pirate when I put these warnings here, but let's just roll with it)
Lestrade and Mycroft started to discuss arrangements. Sherlock was happy to let them do it. He fixed his gaze on the still-smoking building (maintaining the unspoken embargo on eye contact between him and John) and let his thoughts drift back to Moran. And time. And how little of it there was to do everything that needed to be done. And how was he going to do any of this if—
how it was going to be? Intimidation? Pain? Torture? A bomb, a sniper, and a killer, all meant to persuade him to admit his secrets? But—
The refusal was halfway formulated in Sherlock’s larynx and a third of the way out of his mouth when he forced himself to stop.
“He could have killed you!” John snapped. “Or lured you somewhere, or brought you straight to Moriarty, or any number of other horrible things that would have resulted in
EDIT: a wonderful commenter reminded me of this <> tumblr post about using oil from fingers to guess PIN codes on number pads, as Sherlock does in the chapter. In so doing they also reminded me to mention a discussion on stackexchange that made me think of it in the first place — there’s a fair bit of literature about using fingerprints and the oil/smudges from fingerprints to guess passwords. Finger-drag passwords on phones can be guessed with something like 90% accuracy, according to a study by the University of Pennsylvania in 2010; PIN passwords are somewhat harder to guess, but I know I spent a fair bit of time examining the very visible fingerprints on my phone screen while I was writing that bit. XD
John didn’t look convinced. “You don’t think it might have something to do with the fact that Moriarty caught us off guard? And attacked our home?”
“There is a code,” said Soo Lin. “A code which all smugglers in the Tong know. You will have seen it.”
Sherlock sighed, equally amused and exasperated. “It’s not worth the risk. At least not yet. I’m only beginning the investigation. Just stay here, lie low, and heal your shoulder. Have some tea. Something.”
Sherlock permitted himself a quiet and fleeting laugh as well. He finally sighed, heart rate approaching a more normal speed. He straightened and brushed off his coat, pulling off his leather gloves and pocketing them. “I rent the flat upstairs. I assume you want tea?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. It was not the first time that week that the policeman had asked that question. “I’ve told you about a hundred times. A missive from Moriarty.”
Watson laughed. "Hard to argue. I don't even know your name and you've apparently figured out… well, a hell of a lot about me. And what happened to me."
The boy—a large boy with brown hair that usually led the anti-Holmes efforts, who was currently thirteen years, eight months, and twenty days old—suddenly snatched Young Sherlock’s book out of his hands, and held it aloft for the three friends behind him to examine. Young Sherlock leapt to his feet, but the book was already out of reach over his head.
“I hate the word ‘magic’,” said Sherlock sourly. “It is an improbable and spontaneous and instantaneous application of anatomical reconstruction in extremely rare and isolated circumstances not yet understood by mankind. But yes. More or less.”
