Tony leaned over the counter and gestured for Steve to do the same. “I’ll make sure he doesn’t mess it up,” he whispered, but Steve barely heard what he was saying because they were just so close.
He ducked his head as he grabbed the coffee. He was about to take a sip but Tony blurted out a warning to stop him. “Nope, cinnamon roll first, then coffee. Trust me.”
“Oh yeah?” Tony challenged as he leaned in over his side of the counter so they were dangerously close to each other again. “How many hints would I get for a kiss?”
Steve looked curiously at the kid before he turned his attention back to Tony and hiked up an eyebrow. “Captain Handsome?”
Pete was positively beaming. Tony was good at hiding his emotions, but Pete was not. He kept looking expectantly back at Tony and then tried to pretend he was looking cool, when really he wasn’t. Clearly he’d answered his questions right, and it was even better because he hadn’t been lying about any of his answers. He knew exactly why Tony had caught his attention that first day and why he held his attention: he was everything he’d been looking for in a boyfriend. He had to make this work, he just had to.
“Oh come on Tony, you know I love those old classic movies, and everyone calls each other darling in those movies. So I’m not changing that one either,” he declared.
“Steve,” Tony groaned against him. “Steve, I need to feel that love. Please. Please, I need it,” he pleaded desperately, and as he shifted against him he could clearly feel Tony’s need. “This isn’t close enough.”
Steve laughed but he shook his head. “Oh no, going price for the hint is still a kiss. It was your idea and I think it’s a pretty good one.” If Tony thought he could plant that idea in his head and then take it away without some kind of turnabout, he was mistaken.
“That’s what he says,” Tony chuckled as he gestured at his son behind him. “So long as it makes him happy, I’m glad to have him help out.
He also learned that they could just sit in perfect silence. It wasn’t awkward, it wasn’t uncomfortable, but it was soothing. Before she died, he’d sit with his mother a lot and they’d often have the same kind of silence between them. She would tell him that he needed to find someone he could sit in silence with, because that was the mark of a true connection. He experienced that with his mom, and now he experienced it with Tony. If anything, he felt more connected to him during the silence, when he just got to hold him and be with him. They may not be talking with their words, but he could feel Tony’s emotions through their shared non-verbals, and he knew it was a sign of something powerful. He didn’t want to say love – it was still too soon for that right? – but it was a powerful connection.
Steve just smirked. “You did. You said I get free coffee and muffins after great dates. Are you going to tell me that this weekend wasn’t a great date?”
He moved over to the counter and actually took a seat this time. He picked the one furthest in, which gave him the best view of Tony working at the espresso machine. Actually, it gave him the best view of Tony’s butt, but honestly that’s what he came down here for. “I think I might drink my coffee here today,” he decided. Honestly, there was no real reason to leave. They were conversing well, he had a perfect view of Tony’s butt, and he really had nowhere he needed to be for a few hours – he could afford to spend some time here.
He had definitely seen that nametag, but he nodded his head in greeting nonetheless. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“You know, this is starting to become a trend,” Tony smirked as Steve walked into the café, which oddly echoed the same thoughts that Steve had himself. Just like yesterday, he was helpless against the desire to visit Tony in his coffee shop again. This time it wasn’t even about the coffee – okay, it was still a little bit about the coffee – but he knew it was so he could see that barista again. See that infuriating smirk that stuck with him the rest of the day, see him smile when someone praised his coffee - he couldn’t turn it down. He was addicted and he was hooked and he just needed to resign himself that he was going to be coming here every day.
“Well…and the muffins. And maybe something else,” he hinted as he stared into Tony’s eyes, getting lost in how those flecks of amber looked almost like a crystal against the brown. He had the most enchanting eyes, so beautiful and expressive and intelligent, and he could just stare at them for hours if Tony let him.
The next morning he planned to leave early for his run while Tony went downstairs to get the shop open. They were both early risers so it seemed like a great plan; until Tony kept his promise and put his damn shirt on to make breakfast…and nothing else. It was so big on him and while it was long enough that it covered his butt (that was a shame) it showed off Tony’s incredible legs. He also left a few bottom buttons undone so occasionally when he’d move Steve would get a peek of a prize. He didn’t know why seeing him in his shirt was such a turn-on, but he couldn’t help himself, and he fell on Tony again. A sweet and supportive text from Pete gave Tony permission to come into work late, which was all the permission they needed to go another round this morning. He still felt like he was in the afterglow, and it made all the flirting with Tony that much more enjoyable.
He knew he’d be looking forward to it, every sign was there, but it was always nice to hear it. They had an incredible first date, but there was so much desire and need and lust built into that date that they really needed this second one to go well to really show how the relationship was going to pan out. He wasn’t worried at all – he knew it would go well – but he couldn’t wait to see how well.
If Tony noticed his almost slip-up, he didn’t say anything or even show it. He kissed him again and pulled away to ring up his coffee. “Are we still going with darling for mine?”
“You know,” Tony finally said after taking a moment to process “I’m not always at Jumpstart and sometimes Pete and Happy cover for me, and they’re not always reliable with messages, and I’d hate to let those messages fall through the cracks, so…I’ll give you my cell. Just in case. Plus texting, more convenient, right?”
He studied Tony’s face, but it remained annoyingly impassive. He prided himself on learning how to read Tony’s expressions, but right now it was like he was purposefully trying to hide what he was thinking, and it was infuriating. But as the silence drew out, he knew he had to say more, because clearly something was going on in that brilliant mind that he couldn’t figure out.
“Well well, look who’s here,” Tony remarked as he saw him approach the register. “Did you forget something yesterday?”
“Oh, right. Yeah.” Something about his attitude made Steve think he was resistant to the idea, which was weird. Tony always made it seem like his ability to pick someone’s ideal drink was this shop’s claim to fame, and he would teasingly berate customers when they wouldn’t take his advice. “Yeah! I can do that.” He gave his arms a little shake before he gave Bucky a closer look. “Pretty boy like you…looks like a macchiato fan.”
The café was busy today, far too busy for the kind of conversation he wanted to have about sharing a flat for the weekend, but he took heart knowing that he would be seeing Tony in a few hours and then he wouldn’t have to worry about other customers demanding Tony’s time or feeling like he had to hold back his obvious displays of affection. He could spend the whole weekend just being with him, and he loved that. He sadly slid his card across the counter – honestly he needed to open up like a recurring tab or something – and retreated to his usual spot.
. He heard it, clear as day. It wasn’t some trick his ears were playing on him or some wish so powerful he believed it already came true. No, those words were real and they came straight out of Tony.
Well not today. No, today he spent his entire morning run psyching himself up for it. He felt really good about his run today too. He was pumped, he was excited, he ran close to his personal best, and he was as ready as he was ever going to be. Yesterday he let his nerves get the best of him, but today, right now, he at least seemed calmer. He found some peace in his run, and he used that to fuel him and calm him and get him ready for what he knew he had to do. He just needed to stick the landing. The lead-in wasn’t as important as he thought yesterday. The landing was the only thing that mattered. If he could land the question, then he’d consider it a job well done.
Tony broke their hot, steamy kiss and Steve took the chance to gulp down fresh air. “Don’t be shy,” Tony panted as he nipped at his bottom lip, which made Steve shiver. “I took my prize, so you should take yours.”
Tony actually blushed (and wasn’t that a beautiful sight?), but it was Pete who responded. “It’s what my dad called you before he learned your name.
“I just want to make sure you guys have some privacy,” Pete explained. “So you know, this can work.”
Steve grinned as he thought of the Avenue A Club Museum he found, with its warm and inviting interior and soft lighting that would make Tony look absolutely stunning. But more importantly, he thought about its collection of old, classic cars, motorcycles, and engines that he knew would bring Tony joy, and he thought about how he may have used his military background and connections to allow them some closer access to some of the engine displays than normal. He knew Tony would love it, and he couldn’t wait to take him there. He reached out for Tony’s hand, fingers intertwining so they could walk to the subway hand-in-hand. “I’m very sure,” he said simply, and he gently led him away from the coffee shop, ready to start what would hopefully be the beginning of a beautiful, special, and memorable relationship.
“Can it be both?” he asked with a coy smile. He loved being this close to Tony. He could almost smell him under the wonderful aroma of coffee that permeated the shop – an earthiness mixed with fresh citrus. It was intoxicating.
“I know! It’s great right?” he grinned before he turned his attention back to the coffee he was sorting, like he was trying to be helpful.
He took a second to get his bearings (thank God everything in Manhattan was on a grid). He wasn’t too far from his new apartment and it would be pretty easy to walk back, and it would serve as a good cooldown. He picked a nearby street and strolled down it leisurely, not really needing to be anywhere. It was starting to get busy, with many New Yorkers trying to beat the tourist crowd and get their breakfast before getting to work on time. Breakfast didn’t actually sound like a bad plan. He’d run seven miles this morning (and in just over an hour too, he was proud to note) and he was starving. He passed by some restaurants, but it all seemed too healthy or too heavy or wasn’t open yet. Finally he stopped outside a small establishment that had to be a cafe judging by the smells wafting out of the open door. He looked up at the name: Jumpstart. He smiled, finding some humor in the title. It was definitely worth taking a look.
He was pretty sure yesterday was a fluke. It was an emotional day for Tony and he just got caught up in the emotion. That’s all it was. He saw him for the first time almost a month ago, and had only been dating him for a little over a week. That was not long enough to have such strong thoughts and to start throwing the word ‘love’ around. He always thought love developed over time, after really getting to know someone. He was not some Disney princess that believed in love at first sight. He believed you could be smitten or attracted, but not love. That’s where he was – he was smitten. He was in deep and enjoying it, but it wasn’t love. Not this soon.
Tony sighed sadly. “That’s only because I’m at work. And speaking of work…” He gave Steve’s neck one final kiss before he pulled away. He understood why he had to do it – more customers had arrived and he really needed to attend to them, but he loved it when Tony cuddled with him because he was just so small against him and he loved every moment of it. His only comfort was that they still had tonight, and he’d hopefully get the chance to cuddle Tony again.
Tony looked at him seriously, and god was it hard to read his face. “No Steve, I heard it. You said you loved me. You said it, so now I have to ask: did you mean it?” There was a slight touch of vulnerability at the end of that question – it would have been hard to recognize if he hadn’t comforted him two days ago – but otherwise he couldn’t tell what Tony was thinking. He didn’t sound mad though, which he considered to be a good sign.
He grabbed the coffee and started to leave before the barista spoke again. “Wait, aren’t you going to try it first? I promised I’d make you something else if you don’t like it, remember?”
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Look, I know that, and you know that, but Tony doesn’t know that,” he pointed out.
He tapped his temple knowingly as a smirk played across his features – well there was another image that was going to follow him the rest of the day. “I’ve got a good memory for this kind of stuff. Just got a knack for remembering people’s orders. And I definitely wouldn’t forget pecs like those.”
And there was that blush again, but he found it all very flattering that Tony was so focused on his physical looks. “Yeah, looks like you missed your chance.”
Tony chuckled as he shot Steve a smile. “Don’t worry Steve, I’m not complaining. For some reason it just seems very you. Just don’t start calling me swell.”
“Yeah uh, I’d like that,” he requested as he moved up to the counter. “And your recommendation on a sweet again.”
Tony sighed but detached from his side and went behind the counter where he stood at his usual spot by the register, elbows on the counter. “Well hello my studmuffin. What would you like today?” he asked, seemingly content to play along.
“I don’t know Bucky…” he sighed. It seemed completely contrary to everything he thought he should do. Sure he needed to fix things up with Tony and let him know he was single, but to then swing all the way to asking him out? It didn’t seem like the right time.
He kissed him back, a longing, lingering kiss. “You know, it’s weird, but I just couldn’t get comfortable. It’s like I was missing something. You wouldn’t know what that was, would you?”
The barista chuckled at his indecision. “I’ve got great black coffee, but I’ve got something better for you. You’ve got that ‘all-American’ look to you, so let’s give an Americano a shot. Basically an espresso, but not as concentrated. If you don’t like it, I’ll make you something else, but it’s going to be a good fit - I’ve got a sense for these things.”
“Then hurry and get that cute ass back around here so I can kiss you proper,” Steve instructed huskily.
Steve shrugged, though he blushed slightly at being called out. “I’ll have you know I come here for the coffee,” he argued, and boy wasn’t that a lie.
Steve chuckled, loving how this kid constantly tried to get them together. But really it had felt like a sign. Out of the thousands of potential couples in the audience, they were one of the few selected to kiss in front of everyone on the big screen. Some stranger could see they were on a date and chose to highlight it, for whatever reason; how could he not take that as a sign this was meant to be? “Speaking of signs, kid I wanted to talk to you about something,” he said, getting a little serious as he lowered his voice. “I know you’ve been our biggest cheerleader, and I love it, but Tony’s your dad first and I don’t want to take away from that. I like him, a lot. I know it’s quick, but I want to go steady with your dad and—“
good after you run. I mean…it’s really not fair how good. So I’m…this is really okay. Yeah…really okay.”
“Uh sure, that uh, that sounds good,” he replied. The barista rang him up - he noticed the name Tony on his badge - and got to work making his coffee. Steve tried to distract himself by looking at the photographs on the walls - he always felt like he had a good eye for art - but he kept finding himself looking back over at the barista as he made his coffee. He had to keep forcing his attention back to the photos so he didn’t appear creepy just staring at the man.
“I shouldn’t be,” Tony finally said, his voice raw. “What happened…look it ended up being a good thing, right? I was miserable running the company. I hated it. And getting kicked out, it gave me Pete, and it gave me this coffee shop that I built
Steve chuckled, pulling a smile on his face. He really didn’t know Tony that well, but it just seemed to fit the man that was forming in his mind.
He leaned up against the counter, making sure he caught Tony’s gaze. “I’ve been dreading tomorrow since last Saturday.”
“It was perfect,” Steve agreed as he returned the kiss with the same level of emotion, whatever that emotion was. It wasn’t love, it couldn’t be, not yet. “Best weekend of my life, and I’m not even joking about that.”
“Hi Steve!” he greeted happily. “Looking sharp. Don’t you think he looks sharp Dad?” he needled as he nudged his dad’s back. Tony flushed brightly before focusing his attention on finishing a previous coffee order. The kid was trying hard – he’d give him that.
After waiting in line for what seemed like forever (he was just being dramatic, it wasn’t that long and Tony got through the line at a decent pace) he finally made it up to the counter. He didn’t even ask permission as he leaned over and planted a firm kiss on his unsuspecting lips. He could feel Tony lean into the kiss and he loved that he could do that, that his kiss could relax him and make him go weak. Last night’s date had been amazing and while he had shown his appreciation for the date multiple times over last night, he had been aching to show him again today.
He trembled as he reached for Tony’s face and pulled him into a kiss. He couldn’t think of anything better to do with all his joy other than share it, the same way they shared that love just moments ago through a kiss. Just like before, he could feel their shared love blend together, except this time he knew it was love coming from both sides, and that made its effect even more powerful. He could feel tears prick at his eyes out of sheer happiness, but it was his sheer stubbornness that kept them in place. It wasn’t that he minded crying in front of Tony, but he didn’t want them to interrupt this beautiful moment.
When he lowered his shirt, he could see that Tony was clearly staring with his mouth slightly agape, and he looked almost hypnotized, which is what he had been hoping for. He felt this surge of giddy confidence and he closed the gap to the counter with a grin. “Morning Tony.”
He grinned at the dopey look Tony still had on his face. God he just wanted to kiss that, but he couldn’t, not yet. Not until he asked him out. “Yeah, I think I hit another personal best. Sorry if I smell.”
Officially closed for the night, the coffee shop was dark and quiet. The sound of a key turning echoed in the quiet shop before two men walked into the building before shutting and locking the door behind them. Tony flipped on the light switch, illuminating the empty coffee shop. Steve had only ever been there during the day, with all the open and bright natural lighting, but it was a very different experience during the evening. The individual hanging lamps cast sufficient light on each of the tables and booths and behind the counter, but it still had the overall look of a soft, intimate environment. He liked how it changed based on the time of day and the reason people would be in the coffee shop, and he had to marvel again at Tony’s genius setting this place up. Then again, there was a lot he marveled about Tony, especially after tonight.
He could feel Tony’s eyes studying his face. “No you…you definitely said… Hang on.” He separated from Steve abruptly and pulled him along as best he could to the back room. “I’m not having this discussion in public. Pete?”
Tony licked his lips once they broke the kiss, and dear God if that wasn’t a sexy thing to watch. “In addition to kisses, a date like that also gets you free coffee today, sir.”
“Thanks Happy,” he replied with a warm smile. It was a little infuriating that he hadn’t tripped over his words at all while he was here, but with Tony he could barely get his words out.
He walked in through the open door, and he immediately appreciated the clean, open environment. While the room wasn’t large, it had tall ceilings, which made it feel very open. The walls were a soft grey, with light grey wood laminate on the floor. Even though there were only a few windows by the door, the room still felt well-lit and comfortably bright. White tables with metal legs covered the floor towards the back of the shop, and Steve could appreciate that there were varying levels of tables depending on the kind of experience a patron wanted. Scattered throughout the room were black and white photos of cars, both new and old, and behind the bar was a large, blown-up black and white photo of the inner workings of a car. Jumpstart - now he got the pun even more.
Tony cast a look over towards his son as he hiked an eyebrow. “Really? Another new one? He didn’t mention it last night.”
“Since this is why you come here? Probably,” Tony laughed as he swiped his card and handed it back to Steve.
That brought a genuine smile to Tony’s face, and he reached over to hold one of Steve’s hands. “You heard right. Pete’s actually gone until Sunday night, so my apartment is going to be very empty all weekend.”
“Well the anniversary of a day that uprooted your whole life…that’s a big deal, right?” he explained as he rocked Tony slowly from side-to-side. “Even if that change ends up being good. It would be for me. The only thing I could think of that’s similar is the day I joined the army. It was a good thing and I don’t regret doing it, but it changed everything about my life. But I chose that. What happened to you, you didn’t choose that, and you were forced to change your life. That’s hard.”
He sped through his morning run without really meaning to, but he knew that at the end of his run was Tony. That other man, Happy, told him yesterday was Tony’s one day off and that he’d be back tomorrow, which meant he should be there today. That knowledge and that promise pushed him to run his personal best, and he walked into the coffee shop earlier than usual. And there Tony was, back again behind the counter finishing up a coffee order. Some part of his heart felt healed just seeing him there and knowing that he would have his chance to interact with him.
Oh he absolutely looked forward to him being here, and it had nothing to do with the coffee. He had a huge list of reasons he looked forward to Tony being here, and the coffee was not even on that list anymore. “I already do,” he blurted out before he could stop himself, and he felt his face flush red in embarrassment. He actually saw a softer smile cross Tony’s face. It didn’t make his eyes scrunch up or twinkle, but it brought out a rosiness that looked soft and beautiful. “For the coffee,” he added quickly. “Just for the coffee.”
Steve shrugged and smiled again. “I guess so. At least it’s only for a few more months. I’m sorry it has to be like this.” He stood up and held out his hand. “Let’s go home.”
“See? You have a favorite artist now. You’re a real modern man,” Tony said, a little tipsy, pausing the video for Thank You, Next once it was finished. “One more?”
Tony sighed and sat on his bed. “I didn’t mean that. I’m just… still getting used to everything, and I just don’t understand what happened tonight. I’m sorry. That was mean.”
“Is there any info you could give me to start a conversation with her? I really want to talk to her about something other than… books,” Bruce said.
Mark laughed. “Yeah. I’m sorry you’re with friends because…” Mark hesitated before continuing, “Otherwise I could buy you a drink.”
“I just figured what you had was enough for you,” Steve replied, “but I guess nothing is enough for you.”
century. But then Steve smiled, and Tony smiled back, and he was back to being totally enamored, wishing somehow he could recreate The Moment, maybe take it a little farther.
“Steve, come on,” Tony said. He could feel himself getting hard from a fucking kiss, and he needed more.
“I did. Last year. It was a different award, at the end of the year. I sat with Bruce, but he was also getting an award so his parents were there. It sucked, to be honest.”
Tony huffed and cleared the papers off the chair he hadn’t been using. One of his favorite activities was pretending to be annoyed with Jarvis. He knew Jarvis never took his faux exasperation to heart.
“How about we just don’t make any plans at all, don’t set any expectations, just be roommates and see what happens?”
He got regular text updates from Nick about how far away they were. As usual, the texts were sparse- just quick things like “1 hr” or “20 mins.” As the director of SHIELD, Nick knew about intelligence threats that, as he said, Tony could only dream of, so he was always careful about phone and text conversations.
“I can’t believe I’m supposed to be Captain America’s guide to college. He’s, like, eighty years old or something.”
“I should get to sleep,” Tony said, kicking off his shoes and laying back into the bed. He drifted off quickly, and he was pretty drunk, so he couldn’t be sure if he actually felt Steve kiss his forehead or if he just dreamed it.
Steve shuffled through his duffel bag to get a towel, a change of clothes, and toiletries and left Tony alone. He took the time to text Bruce.
Tony sat up to pull his own t-shirt off and toss it on the floor. He kissed Steve’s shoulders and chest, craving contact, trying to get as close as possible.
“Well, no. It’s streaming. Youtube plays videos on the internet, so you can watch video on a laptop.”
Tony huffed and crossed his arms. He and Nick got along well, but Tony couldn’t think of a time that he ever indicated to Nick that he wanted to be responsible for another person. “I really don’t want to do this.”
Steve brought his mouth back to Tony’s and licked into his mouth hungrily, gripping Tony’s ass as Tony continued to grind into him. Tony bit Steve’s lower lip and loved the sound that came out of Steve’s mouth. Feeling bold, he started pushing Steve’s shirt up his torso. Steve got the hint and pulled away to pull his shirt over his head. “You too,” he said, sounding out of breath.
They sat down. They had to let go of each other’s hands to sit, which sucked. But the quiet was good. Tony looked down at his plaque.
Tony went to the bar, ordered two burgers, and decided to order a shot and a beer and wait at the bar for the food. He was tired of this night already, and it was so early. He didn’t want to play matchmaker to Bruce. He didn’t want to watch women flirt with Steve. He didn’t want to share Steve with anyone. If that was selfish, fuck it. Who cared? Certainly not the three musketeers in the booth.
“A research award,” Tony replied, also smiling from ear to ear. Steve’s excitement was infectious. “I did a lot of work this summer on AI – uh, artificial intelligence, it’s sort of like robots and computers combined – and the school must have thought it was pretty good.”
“No,” Tony said. “You didn’t put a beer in my hand and tell me to go outside and drink without looking for the paparazzi I knew were there. It’s my own fault.”
The last, and in Tony’s mind most important, thing that he learned from all the news coverage was that Steve Rogers was
He couldn't really argue with the choice of restaurant; it was the kind of place a man like Tony would take his dates,. Besides, it was exclusive enough and discreet enough that it wouldn't turn into a circus the minute someone realized that Captain America and Iron Man were here on their first date since they came out.
"If you'd been in your room," Steve said, "I wouldn't have been at your door to overhear." And if he had been, for some reason, he might even have been able to apply the correct context to the sounds he'd heard. He'd have assumed Tony had an overnight guest, and that would have been the end of it.
Not that anyone taking a look at them wouldn't have been able to guess immediately how Steve felt about him. He'd drawn Tony sprawled on a bench after Steve had talked him into sparring in the training suite, flushed and sweaty and smiling. Tony in his lab, so focused on his work that he hadn't heard Steve talk to him for several minutes, intent and driven. Tony, still in his lab, head pillowed on his forearm as he gave into exhaustion.
"Be fair," Tony said. "I was trying to have a conversation while you were being incredibly distracting. It's a miracle I could follow anything you said, so it's not that surprising if I missed a little bit of context."
He’s not a jealous man. And even if he were, this is a mission, this is Tony making sure that the apartment across town is dark and empty, so that Natasha and Clint can do their jobs.
"Not really. I mean, if you're not interested in getting married, then... a theoretical discussion about getting married to someone you're only pretending to date would be as close as you need to get."
Tony frowned, blinking a little in a way that Steve recognized as trying to shift from lab-mode to "conversations with other humans" mode. "It's not? It was a good idea. We probably should be doing this. It's going to take longer to work up than the other simulations you've suggested, but that's no reason not to get started."
“Too bad,” Tony says, and Steve feels better, because there’s no comparison between the way Tony’s smiling at him and the practiced smile he’s been giving all night. “I was hoping you’d drag me off to remind me who I really wanted to go home with.”
Still, things were more or less back to normal, and dinner conversation was, too: updates on the separate missions and projects they were working on, an argument about who had left the water running in the shower attached to the gym, plans for the next team training session.
Just because Steve wished it was more than that didn't mean Steve didn't value what he'd had. Even if he'd alienated Tony by ending the charade on live TV without even consulting Tony first.
Now Steve laughed out loud. "I'm afraid not," he said. Then, because it would make Tony laugh again, he said, "Not yet, anyway."
Tony didn't seem inclined to say anything else; he gave JARVIS a few directions, set his phone down on the table, and started poking at a small holographic display projected from the device. Steve watched him for a moment, but then picked up his clipboard and got back to trying to phrase his mission report in such a way that he wouldn't get it back with some very pointed notes from Fury.
It sounded a little risky, because once he came through, they were going to have to immediately replace the arc reactor that kept his heart beating, but Tony had taken bigger risks before. At least they'd have a medical team prepped and ready before they brought Tony through. It would be a matter of minutes, at most, before the reactor was replaced.
Not perfect-perfect, where they never argued and neither of them ever had to cancel on a date because something came up and no one ever rolled his eyes and said, "Fine, be a jackass if that's what makes you happy," because that was impossible.
"So much worse." Steve swallowed. "We should have boiled some drinking water before this," he said. "I could have at least washed the taste out of my mouth."
Steve was tempted to say yes. It was late, and JARVIS would alert them if anyone set foot on this floor of the tower. The door was locked. They could risk it.
Steve shrugged. "I want to do it. This whole thing is about me being as publicly out as possible, and as publicly allied to the causes I believe in as possible. And on such short notice, we were lucky to find a group who wanted us to join up with them."
"Ooh," Tony said, and Steve could picture him waggling his eyebrows and giving Steve an exaggerated leer. "Dirty pictures?"
But if they weren't... Steve shook his head and decided he needed to lighten the mood. "You don't strike me as the kind of guy who'd need all the traditional trappings of a proposal."
Tony frowned at him. "If you want to have any hope of keeping this a secret, we can't do it again. The others probably wouldn't register it if we made out in the lounge--well, I guess Sam would, but he'd try not to--but Natasha and Clint…"
"You know," Tony admitted, "that sounds great in theory, and it's definitely something I'd do if I were there in person, but right now, going slow is losing its appeal."
Steve laughed. "You're incorrigible." He pushed his fingers in deeper, twisting until he found Tony's prostate. "But if you want something else," he went on, as Tony gasped and squirmed under him, "I've heard that asking nicely works wonders."
Instead, Steve just seemed to close down. He wasn't smiling, his ears were back to their normal color, and every spark of warmth in his expression had died out. "Yeah," he said. "That's probably the best way to handle it. And now that I see you're okay, I should probably get going. Training's at two; don't be late."
So, no matter how awkward he felt about it, he made the effort: not just words, telling Tony what he was doing to himself, but also just letting himself vocalize. No biting his lip to stifle a groan, no burying his face in his pillow to muffle the sound of his breathing.
Now Tony's expression relaxed, sliding slowly into a smile. "More kissing. Actual kissing, not the stuff we did for the cameras."
If Steve kept his eyes focused on his sketchbook, he could tell himself that Tony was sitting in the chair in the corner of Steve's room, not just a voice crackling through the almost-invisible speaker set into the ceiling.
“You don’t have to wake me up,” Steve told JARVIS as he got into bed. “As long as Tony’s okay, he can come in and go to bed. It’ll be fine.”
had anyone he wanted. And what he wanted right now was Steve, who still thought of himself as just a guy from Brooklyn.
Well, he was committed now. It'd be better to go on than to leave it here. "But the thing is, I realized something. To be honest, as much as I hate to admit this, Clint helped me figure something out. If I'd done that, you'd have been mad at me last night. You probably would have made sure I got to bed safely, and you might even have left water and ibuprofen out for me, because you're a good person."
Still, he looked forward to it every week, and so when Steve shook his head, still not making eye contact, and said, in a flat voice, "I don't think so, not this week," Tony couldn't help but be disappointed.
But Steve was from an era where people didn't just jump into bed together. Well, people being people, Tony thought they probably did, but they didn't think they were supposed to.
And apparently, Steve's discomfort had communicated itself to Tony, because Tony put down his fork and frowned at Steve. "Is everything okay? If you don't like the food, I can probably have them--"
"Even then, though," he said, changing the subject a little before he depressed himself thinking about the best-case scenarios for his future if he hadn't been frozen for decades, "people had friends. You found people you could trust."
He liked the idea of talking to Tony about this; they couldn't touch, but Tony's voice in Steve's darkened room still felt intimate, felt like this was bringing them as close as they could get until they were in the same dimension again.
It wasn't so bad in Manhattan, where people more famous than Steve were everywhere. Most of the people who approached him in the city were little kids, and Steve never minded talking to them. When he was out of town, though, people constantly wanted his time and attention, even when he was just trying to buy lunch or walk down the street.
He might have punched the Serpent Society a little harder than was strictly necessary, for cutting that conversation off too early.
"I like the sound of that," Steve said. "Maybe, if the evening goes well, I'll ask you in to look at my sketchbook."
But Steve was a lot more comfortable with actions than with words. If he wanted to express concern for Tony, this was what he had to work with.
Steve turned to go. He'd leave the sandwiches and fruit in the kitchen; someone would eat them before morning.
He’d never be able to stand there and pretend that he enjoyed having the other man, whose breath probably smells of the three vodka martinis Steve has watched him down in the past hour, leaning in close to murmur something directly into his ear, but Tony seems to be managing.
They got through the rest of the session with ease, and then Steve and Tony shook a few hands, Steve signed autographs for a couple of kids, and they both agreed to plenty of pictures. After an hour or so of that, it was time to go.
They weren't all canceling, though. The children's asthma charity that raised money to help kids whose parents couldn't afford their medication? That one still wanted him, and Steve was glad to go.
Asking anything else would be fishing for compliments, so Steve didn't ask if that was a bad or a good thing. He just assumed that if he looked too ridiculous, Tony would have said something. There was no way Tony would have passed up the chance of teasing him about his suit.
Oh, he was. He was perfect, hot and tight around Steve, pushing back against Steve with every thrust in an attempt to pull him in deeper.
And then, finally, Tony found words. "Hold on," he said, and Steve's hand stilled. "I'm getting close."
Steve tugged at his clothing until he thought he was presentable. He still figured any more than a moment's scrutiny would let the least observant person figure out what he'd been doing, but he could pass someone in the hallway without attracting too much attention. Steve probably wouldn't even see anyone, anyway, since no one really had a reason to be on his floor.
"Make it a double," he decided. Steve might want him to eat something to soak up what he'd been drinking, but Tony was determined that he was going to out-drink whatever Steve fed him.
At one point, outside the Kresge Auditorium, Steve saw another couple who looked to be in their late thirties. The woman was animatedly explaining something to the man, who was smiling and nodding in much the same way Steve was.
He was getting so used to it that, even though it surprised him when Tony got off the elevator at Steve's floor--"What kind of a date would I be if I didn't walk you to your door?" he'd said, laughing--it surprised him even more when they said good night, and Tony didn't kiss him.
Tony would have turned the page immediately, of course, but the rest of the team would probably respect it. Or not care--he couldn't imagine Hulk having any interest in anything Steve marked "personal"--which was the same thing, in the end.
"Nothing too painful. No insults, no complaints, and the word 'please.'" He smiled at Tony, even though Tony was still facing the table and wouldn't be able to see it. "That's all."
"And that's how I'd get you to beg," Tony said, smugly. "I don't think I can wait much longer, though. You sound too good."
Tony was making that difficult, though, especially when their dinner plates were cleared and dessert was being served. He reached over and placed his hand on Steve's, where it was resting on Steve's knee under the table.
Steve wanted to argue that point; they had very different personalities, but if they didn't have anything in common, they wouldn't be friends.
Tony cut him off with a shake of his head. "Pepper made it clear that we're done. She can't complain if I move on."
Two hot dogs and six blocks later, Tony was still complaining about that. "He's not even famous. He's a has-been actor. His career flamed out over a decade ago, Steve, he does
After that, Steve was too busy fighting wave after wave of flying prehistoric beasts to check up on Tony. If something was wrong, he'd know, but beyond that, only the brief check-ins from Tony and the others let him know they were all still fine.
Some places had canceled, but that just meant that people who had received a polite "Captain Rogers is already booked for that day" were getting a second chance, if they wanted him.
Tony whined, a raw needy sound that went straight to Steve's cock, and shuffled his feet farther apart to give Steve better access.
So once the elevator doors closed behind them, Steve said, "JARVIS? Stop the elevator. If anyone asks, it's out of service, maintenance has been called, and nobody's inside."
Once Steve had cleaned himself up, he washed his face, too, drying it on one of the ridiculously soft towels, and then decided that if Tony didn't want to move, he shouldn't have to.
And he had Tony. Maybe not the way he wanted to, but Tony's friendship, laced with rivalry though it was, had become important to him. He would never have predicted that; when they'd first met, he'd assumed he would be glad to never have to work with, or even see, Tony Stark again.
He was making an exception tonight, though. The rest of the team could handle the small talk and socializing that would leave a positive impression of the Avengers. Especially since Hulk and Thor were back at the tower; nobody with half a brain would invite Hulk to a formal gala, and Thor had decided to keep him company.
But Steve wasn't that naive. If Captain America publicly admitted to lying--not to protect someone from a criminal, not to preserve national secrets, but as a
“Of course it isn’t,” Steve agreed, and then, because there was a warm, hopeful feeling growing in his chest, he added, “You’re so tired you can barely stand up. The only thing you’re capable of doing in my bed is drooling on the pillows.”
"It's too bad that we can't transmit video," Steve said. "You could see what I've been working on. Not that it's fascinating, but…"
"It's not that urgent," Steve said. He knew Tony had a lot of projects on his plate, both for Stark Industries and for the Avengers. There were plenty of simulations in the training room that they could use on Tuesday.
Steve raised his own glass; he'd let Tony order whatever wine he thought would go well with the food they'd ordered. Steve knew you drank red wine with red meat, and white wine with chicken and fish, and beyond that... he had no idea.
But there was no chance of finding that out tonight, so Steve let himself fall asleep the way he’d wanted to for a very long time: in Tony’s arms.
"Imagine how good this is going to be when we're both in the same room, then," Tony said, but his voice wavered a little.
"The Serpent Society," Steve said. "It didn't take that long, obviously." They'd dealt with the Serpent Society, Steve had talked to both the police and SHIELD, and he'd had time to get a sandwich and a shower before he'd come back to his room and re-established contact with Tony.
"I'm not sure I know how," he blurted out, and then closed his eyes, wishing he could take the words back.
He took another drink of his coffee to give himself a chance to think of what to say. "You probably noticed that I was really drunk last night," he went on, still talking a mile a minute so that Steve didn't have a chance to interrupt.
Steve nodded. "It'd have to be very public indeed. I don't want them to be able to say, 'At least he's one of the good ones. He may not be able to help being a fairy, but at least he doesn't shove it in our faces.'" Actually, he hadn't heard anyone use "fairy" since he'd come out of the ice, but he assumed Tony would get the point.
Tony already had his helmet off, which made it impossible to miss the bruise on his cheek and the trickle of blood on his forehead. "I thought you said you were okay?" Steve said.
Maybe it was foolish of him to fuss over Tony like this. It wasn't like the man couldn't pay someone to bring him food on a regular basis, if he thought it mattered.
"Some of them don't even hate me," Tony agreed. That got a laugh from the rest of the table, even if Steve knew that Tony wasn't entirely joking.
"I hope so." At least it meant Steve didn't have to lie anymore. "Tony and I aren't together" was nothing more than the truth, and from now on, he could just be honest. This plan had done what Steve had hoped it would, at least; the right wing had given up on Captain America completely.
So he settled grumpily on one of the benches near the door, taking a spectrographic reading of the composition of the floor tiles to pass the time.
Better to keep focusing on taking stock of their surroundings. There was a doorway in the far wall of the cave; Tony opened the door to find a dormitory: four spartan-looking bunks--the mattresses thin and, when Tony sat down on one, not especially comfortable, but with several thick blankets piled on each--four small lockers, and another heater. Tony turned that on, too. Later, they might need to be careful about their power use, but right now, he wanted to get the damp chill out of their new living space.
Steve thought about the last time he'd gone to the zoo, to people-watch and sketch and, hopefully, melt into the crowd a little. It hadn't gone as well as he'd hoped, but it had mostly worked, and he'd been happy to sign that little girl's cast.
Enough people wanted him that Steve left New York the morning after the Pride parade and didn't come back until the next Tuesday.
That was a good sign, Tony thought, and then all he could think was a set of variations on the theme of "
Steve must have realized that Tony was staring at him; he turned to look at him, a questioning look on his face. Tony shook his head quickly; he knew Steve was wondering if there was some kind of problem.
"What about you?" Steve decided to pour himself some coffee and sit down to eat his apple. He had time. If necessary, he'd skip the rest of his workout and just go for a run. "Late night in the lab?" He and Tony hadn't made any public appearances for the last few days; Tony had been focused on finishing his most recent version of the Iron Man armor.
"Why would I want--" Steve broke off, trying to run their conversation through his head. "Tony," he said, smiling. "For a genius, sometimes you're clueless."
It was also, he realized, that he was hoping their conversations would take a more personal turn now, and
"If I come home, you mean." Their plans to retrieve Tony now had a deadline: the dimension Doctor Strange had sent Tony to was becoming unstable. He and Tony didn't talk about it much, but Steve knew it was constantly on both their minds.
"If you want to be the guinea pig, go ahead." Steve was right, of course. Any organ damage caused by an alien toxin would be something Steve's body could repair faster than Tony's could.
Not whatever he and Tony had--Steve was having trouble describing their relationship, because it was such an abnormal situation, but it was fine.
Steve tells himself that the man’s a criminal, that it’s perfectly reasonable for Steve to be glad that he’ll be ending the night in SHIELD custody, not in bed with Tony. Which is true, certainly, but Steve knows that it’s--all right, it’s jealousy--that adds an edge of glee to his satisfaction at a mission accomplished.
But Steve wouldn't feel certain until he heard Tony's voice. These were new headquarters, still with a makeshift feel to them, and Tony was in another dimension--a dimension where tech didn't work, where magic was keeping Tony's heart whole and the lack of technology kept Ultron dormant. Steve guessed that dimension was Tony Stark's idea of hell.
"I was in the army, Tony. Just because I don't swear in public doesn't mean I don't know the words. Besides, you've assured me that we aren't in public now."
"I'll be more careful," Steve promised, and no, the last thing Tony wanted was for Steve to be careful.
Tony put his fork down, signaled to their server for more coffee, and said, "Sure. I might even have an answer."
And it wasn't right that people living in other parts of the country didn't have the same rights, either.
He started scrolling through the responses to the misleadingly-captioned picture. A lot of the responses were positive, to his surprise. He knew things had changed a lot since he went into the ice, but sometimes he still wasn't prepared for how much.
They were getting by without Tony, the same way you could get by with only one leg, but it would never be the same.
Steve rummaged in one of the baskets and produced a paper-wrapped package. He tore it open and shrugged. "It looks like dried fruit."
"Any time," Steve said. He meant it, too. Even when this was over, if Tony wanted a friendly face in the crowd, Steve could do that.
"When I said that," Steve said, "I had very definite plans of what I was going to do to you in that bed. You sure you're up for that now?"
He didn't have to wonder if Steve could be trusted, or if he were working for some group that was trying to get close to the Avengers.
A cleared throat made Steve drag his gaze up from the floor. Tony--now fully dressed again--was sitting on the edge of the table. He seemed to have no problem meeting Steve's eyes.
"I don't know," Clint said, "maybe because Captain America lying like that seems kind of... off-brand?"
"This is about the Andrews Sisters, isn't it?" Steve propped himself on a couple of pillows and reached for his sketchbook.
“I didn’t mind,” Steve said, struggling to inject enough feeling into the words to make Tony understand. “It only happens when you’ve been staying awake for too long, and if stealing my blankets is what it takes for you to get a good night’s sleep…” He ran out of words, shrugging again.
"Sam didn't think I might like to be able to listen to music," Tony said. "That was you. Sam doesn't think that I might be lonely or bored. That's you."
Steve was even invited to Tony's lab to watch him work, and was able to fill page after page of his sketchbook with drawings of Tony with his robots, Tony in a welding apron and goggles, Tony rearranging holographic elements on a display with the flick of a hand.
Tony gets to be here as himself, and Steve’s not even going to try to pretend that he’s not annoyed by the unfairness of it all.
"Maybe you did," Tony said, without confirming that he'd recognized the song. "It's not fair to say anything now," he added. "We don't know if I'm ever coming back. It should work, but there's no guarantee that it'll work without bringing Ultron back with me, and in that case…"
"Why you didn't just apologize for interrupting me and beat a hasty retreat, for one thing," Tony said. "You looked like you were about to spontaneously combust from embarrassment, so why are you still here?"
One of the photos Tony had taken of them had been of him kissing Steve's cheek, even, so they were going to look, to the outside, like any other couple.
"A little, maybe," he confessed, although he was sure that "shy" wasn't anywhere on the list of things Tony found appealing in a partner. But he'd never made decisions based on what would make Tony happiest before, at least not when "making Tony happy" and "being honest" were in conflict, and they were still here.
"I needed access to my tools," Tony said. "This is still a prototype. I expected to need to make adjustments." Then his brow furrowed. "Why did you come down here, anyway? I thought you were going to be away from the tower all afternoon."
He might have gotten away with that, if only because most of the time, Tony's plans were something like "wing it," which barely counted as a plan. Unfortunately, Colonel Rhodes was in New York and had come by the Tower for dinner.
On the other hand, Steve had to admit that being able to punch someone who'd just tried to shoot him was both completely justifiable and very cathartic, at the moment.
Tony was handling this better than Steve was, which seemed backward. Tony was the one who'd been caught….
They were also the kinds that would bring the bigots out of the woodwork, and that was the point of this whole thing.
Steve was realizing how very low-brow a lot of his tastes were. That normally didn't matter--even Tony had a not-so-secret weakness for fast-food cheeseburgers and street-cart hot dogs--but at a place like this, it meant Steve was uncomfortable.
Someone else had put him to bed, then. There was no way that, as drunk as he'd obviously been, he'd have thought to fold his clothes. Even if he had, he'd have hung them back up in his closet, rather than putting them in the chair.
And then Tony wasn't even close to silent: "God, Steve, I'm going to--" and then a wordless groan that Steve could feel reverberating through his own body as Tony came.
"I'm not bored," Steve snapped; so much for not arguing with Tony. "I just need something to keep my hands busy. If I were bored, we wouldn't be doing this. I can't even imagine being bored talking to you."
Okay, Tony had hurt him, but that wasn't Tony's fault. You couldn't blame someone for not being in love with you. That wasn't something they did to you.
Time for the truth, even if it was told in a misleading way. "I ended things between us because I realized that he and I--we didn't feel the same way about one another, and things were never going to work because of it."
"Hey," Tony said, after a moment. Steve wondered if the smile he could feel on his own face was anything like as dazed and ridiculous as the one Tony was giving him. "We should probably, you know, go somewhere we can clean up."
"Great." He tried not to look thrilled, because this was just part of their arrangement. It wasn't about Tony recognizing this was important to him. This was just another public appearance to make sure that no one in the Western Hemisphere was unaware that Steve Rogers, Captain America, wasn't straight.
Tony's voice was sounding easier now, and Steve felt the knots in his own chest begin to loosen a little.
Steve couldn't answer right away. He was glad, too, grateful that the picture someone had snapped of him and Tony in a completely platonic moment had led him to this. But it was a lot to take in, sometimes.
He could have had JARVIS announce that he was there, but knocking felt more normal, and Tony wasn't any more likely to ignore a knock--or any less likely, either.
"Never," Steve said. He and Tony didn't always see eye to eye, and Steve could envision times when they left one another alone for a few days or a few weeks, until they resolved their differences, but he couldn't imagine ever deciding he didn't want Tony.
Tony had even suggested a Stark Industries tech grant that the award winner, who worked in a school library, might want to apply for; it would let them upgrade the school computer network. "Mention my name, it can't hurt."
"The same thing's true for you, though. You're not going to be able to take this back after it's over."
Steve couldn't be here talking to him all the time, or even for more than an hour or two a day, so he'd consulted with Dr. Foster. They'd set up an eight-hour block of music to be broadcast to the pocket dimension on a daily basis. She had promised that the energy expenditure wasn't significant, since they were already contacting Tony regularly; he was almost always "present" at Avengers team meetings, for one thing, as well as his work with Sam, Foster, and the other Stark Industries scientists.
"Antibiotics," Steve said. "Vaccines." They'd had both of those things in the forties, but antibiotics had been brand new, and polio, measles, and mumps had been all too present. "Computers," he acknowledged after a moment, "even if I think you're too dependent on them. Space travel."
Steve scanned the first page of results; even without opening up any of the links, the answer was coming up a definitive "yes."
"We could get some snow and pack it around the pan to cool it faster, if you really need water now," Tony suggested.
"You don't ask me for much," Tony said. "And besides, this is mostly coding. I can work on it in the middle of the night if I can't sleep, without even having to put on pants to go down to the lab."
They'd been okay about it when they thought Steve and Tony were together--if any of them were offended by Steve's bisexuality, they at least knew to keep their mouths shut about it--but now that the relationship was over, they had a lot of "hilarious" comments to make, mostly about Tony, and how good the sex must have been for Steve to be willing to date him even for a few months.
Shit. What had he done last night? At least he wasn't a belligerent drunk. He tended more toward "I love everybody in this bar!" Sometimes accompanied by an attempt at a practical, hands-on demonstration.
And so there was Steve, in a perfectly-tailored tuxedo, making conversation with someone from the mayor's office.
If he'd been dating Tony, Steve would have kissed him right then, but there wasn't enough of an audience for him to be able to justify it, so he settled for smiling. "I'm okay with that."
But Tony wanted to know what made Steve tick, and Steve felt the same about Tony, on so many levels.
Steve was hit by a sudden urge to paint that, with a judiciously-draped sheet keeping the portrait from being purely pornographic.
"That since we're both so busy, it's good that we can enjoy just being near one another, even if we're both working on our own projects. That you come in and keep me company in the lab and do your paperwork. That kind of thing." He shrugged. "It sounded good--nice and domestic, you know? But it's also true."
Tony opened both eyes and turned to look at Steve, who'd turned so that he was facing Tony directly.
Steve hadn't even thought of it that way. He'd just thought that Tony needed to get out of his head a little. Maybe both of them did. A short walk, good food, pleasant company, and maybe Tony would be able to get a little sleep before he needed to start his day.
Tony hadn't been nearly as calm and relaxed as he'd seemed, and only Steve's own embarrassment had kept him from seeing it before.
That was when Tony burst in, clearly unwilling to give Steve a chance to ignore his email or text messages. "You volunteered me to ride in a college float in a Pride parade? What are you, insane?"
"So you're going to take care of it yourself. Is it my birthday? I've lost track of the date, but let's say this
"If you don't mind letting us have a mailing address," Tony said, "I'll send her a framed copy of this."
"Of course there are," Steve replied, bewildered. They'd been talking about how far away the Stark Expo, where Tony, Sam, and Dr. Foster were going to try to bring Tony back to this dimension--
Steve did his best not to notice Tony's blissful expression. He wasn't here to stare, he told himself. He was here because he had a workable plan to separate his public image from people whose beliefs disgusted him, and he needed Tony's help for it.
Tony decided this was a reasonable time to get himself out of the armor. At least he'd made that a lot more feasible to do on his own than it had been just a few versions before, and the undersuit was still completely dry. Everyone who'd left clothing in one of those lockers was a lot bulkier than Tony; he could wear the stuff if he needed to, but he'd look ridiculous in it. He'd rather not look ridiculous in front of Steve.
Steve ignored JARVIS's recommendations and barreled inside, prepared to use the metal tray he carried as a makeshift shield.
So once Steve was assured that this wouldn't be wasteful--and it would have had to be hugely wasteful for Steve to give up on the idea, because this was something Tony needed to make his exile more bearable--he'd put together a playlist for Tony.
"I meant, if you remembered last night at all, you'd know that it isn't unrequited. Why do you think I was so happy to keep you company all evening?"
"I'm sober now," Tony said. "And I still feel the same way. It's not just that I think you're hot. I think a lot of people are hot. I occasionally think Hawkeye is hot."
"That's what happened," Steve said. "You told me that you have, uh, feelings for me, and then we kissed, and then you passed out."
"Thanks, Mr. Stark!" the three of them chorused, and scampered off to be someone else's problem for at least forty-five minutes. Maybe longer, if there was a line at the doughnut shop.
Secondly, Tony was angling his hips so that he could rock against Steve, and Steve wasn't the only one who was already hard; Tony's cock pressed into Steve's thigh, and Steve shifted to increase the pressure.
Steve had been thinking about that. He hadn't actually had anything in mind when he made the suggestion; it had just been the kind of thing he thought Tony would be willing to talk to him about, away from the others so that there could be an element of surprise, at least the first time they unveiled the new training program.
Some of the people who put those "ambiguous" images online were the same people complaining about the picture of him and Tony.
Steve laughed at that. "Sorry," he said. "I'm not great at talking about this, but I'm definitely in favor of
MJ looked at the money in her hand. "If you throw in another ten, we can get a dozen doughnuts, too. I know they made the cherry-filled ones at Downtown Doughnuts this morning; I went past there on my way to Ned's and they had the specials sign out."
"Selfish, because I want to get to be inside you when you come. I want to feel you clench tight around me. And when you say my name like that…" He broke off for a second, then took a deep breath.
But he also didn't want to argue with Tony about that or about anything else, not when all he had of Tony was a voice coming through a speaker, so he let it slide.
Steve snorted. "Don't be such a baby," he said. "Somehow I doubt your mechanical… friend… warmed it up for you."
"You'd better," Steve repeated, because if the thought of losing Tony forever had been bad before, now it would be almost unbearable.
"Someone decided this picture of us is evidence that we're a couple," Tony said. "That part I follow completely. It happens all the time." He took a drink, closing his eyes as he savored it.
JARVIS filled him in on the end of the fight in Times Square. SHIELD had handled cleanup duty, and the Wrecking Crew were all in custody. There'd been a few civilian injuries, mostly tourists, but nothing severe and no deaths. All in all, not a bad outcome.
"We didn't hire movers. You specifically wouldn't let me hire movers, which is why I'm wasting my Saturday morning wrapping up your mom's good dishes in ads from Save-A-Lot."
But once it was all over except the clean-up--which Steve was happy to leave to someone else--and the responsible party had been handed over to SHIELD this time, instead of the police, he made his way to Tony immediately.
"I'm not going to." Steve coaxed Tony's legs a little wider apart so that he could position himself between them, then guided his cock into position, the head nudging at Tony's hole. "I'm not going to keep you waiting at all."
Steve sometimes pretended to be all brawn, no brains--or at least, no head for science, math, or technology--but he'd demonstrated more than once that it wasn't true. Steve wasn't on Tony's level, or even Sam's, but Steve was smart; he understood a lot more of what Tony said than he usually let on.
Steve nodded. "That's the third one this week." Steve wasn't wild about the speaking engagements, period, so he wouldn't have minded if they'd all canceled. He still found it hard to believe sometimes that that many people wanted to hear what he had to say. He was Steve Rogers, a guy from Brooklyn. What they wanted to hear from was the shield, and it didn't talk.
Steve hadn't realized how rare it was for Tony to be completely still, until now, when he was, and he almost didn't look like himself. "Good to know," he said, and it sounded like he was being careful with his words. Another thing that made him feel like a stranger, and not Tony. Not even glib, slick, public Tony was ever careful.
"The table's already clear," Steve said, "so we'll skip that part. But you've been working much too hard--" even if it had been on adding some very questionable functionality to the Iron Man armor-- "and I think it's time you took a break."
It had only been a little rude, because even on the couch without a pillow or a blanket, Steve had slept well enough by the glow of Tony’s arc reactor.
"Maybe I didn't want anything that complicated," Tony said, and now it was his turn to avoid Steve's eyes. "Maybe I didn't want to have JARVIS run background checks to make sure my date isn't HYDRA, or AIM, or just a run of the mill scumbag who'll go straight to the tabloids. I can trust my armor."
Okay, yes, Tony had done that more than once. "Not on a date," he said. "Cross what's left of my heart."
Steve smiled, feeling the tension he'd been carrying in his shoulders ease. "But the general idea worked, yeah?" They didn't have trouble transmitting audio to Tony's dimension, and Tony had mentioned more than once how much he was hating having nothing but his own thoughts for company most of the time.
Tony's lips pursed like he was deep in thought. "It's a possibility," he said. "But there'd have to be some changes."
"So," he went on, "this is a private conversation. People did talk about 'this kind of thing' in private. At least if they were with other people who would understand."
"No problem, then. I should have something ready for the two of us to try out on Sunday afternoon, and then if there are any changes I need to make, I can do it before Tuesday."
They were probably going to die here, Tony reminded himself, and probably not of old age. The storm, the tiger-deer, the millions of foreign microbes--they weren't going to have to worry about what they were going to do if rescue never came.
Steve shook his head. "No, it means that after that point, we might discuss it. But that's a conversation that we'd prefer to have privately, not in front of a crowd."
"Of course we are," Tony said, but he still sounded uncertain. "I designed the beacon, so obviously, it's going to work."
“I’m glad there’s something I can do to help, even if it’s just making room in the bed. But I worry about you walking around the Tower in your sleep. That’s the part that’s ridiculous,” he explained. “Why don’t you go to sleep in my room? Maybe then you won’t sleepwalk at all.”
It was a picture of Steve, looking battered and bloody after a fight, and Tony--his helmet off, but still wearing his armor--leaning in to whisper something into his ear.
Steve laughed. "That's what I expected you to say. And yes, we want to get you back, as soon as possible."
Steve just nodded, his bottom lip caught between his teeth, and Tony started getting undressed. He was on his back, knees drawn up in an obvious invitation, within moments. The heater was doing a good enough job that Tony was perfectly comfortable naked, no need to do this under the blankets.
"In that case, we'll keep trying," Steve said firmly. "Also, I don't believe in waiting," he added. He'd never actually told Peggy he loved her. He thought she'd known, but it had always seemed like the wrong time for the actual words, and then it was too late.
Tony shook his head. "Nothing like that." He thought about smirking at Steve and saying something along the lines of, "Guess we'll have to make our own fun."
Steve wonders what the doorman is going to think, seeing Tony Stark being dragged out of the building by someone dressed as a waiter, but Tony’s grinning at him and still complaining about his terrible luck in having to go home all alone, so he doesn’t much care.
Once the door has closed behind Tony, Steve goes to the kitchen to drop off his tray. He wants to be a couple of minutes behind them to make it less obvious that he’s following.
McLaren leaned back, an eyebrow raised. "It sounds like things might not be as over between the two of you as you imply? Are you having second thoughts?"
He hadn't gone more than two steps down the corridor, though, when a sound came through the closed door of the lab.
"I don't want to break you," Steve said, and that was a lie, too, because he leaned in and kissed Tony then, slow and careful, exploring rather than claiming, and Tony could feel himself coming apart at the seams.
Steve nodded. "You're probably right," he said. "Having you show up to team training with a miserable hangover would be punishing the whole team, no matter how annoyed I was with you."
"I hope so," Tony said. "Sam's going to be working with some of the scientists from Stark Industries on that one. He said he's even going to try convincing Hulk to let Bruce come out to help."
"It's not your birthday," Steve said, as he reached down between his legs. "But if you're back here in time, I'll do it again for you then."
"Probably not," Steve agreed, feeling cheerful about that. Sam and Clint, at least, would have a great time teasing them. Hulk wouldn't care one way or the other, Thor… might, but who could tell how Thor would react to things?, and Natasha would probably behave like a sensible person. "Do you mind?"
"Tony," Steve cut in, before Tony got too swept up in his new project. "That isn't actually what I wanted to talk to you about."
Tony laughed. "We sound like we're straight from the pages of some Victorian novel," he said. "I feel like I should be explaining that I'm a good prospect who can take care of you in the manner to which you're accustomed, and ask you about your dowry."
"Hey, I was right," Tony said, and if his smile wasn't as warm as it had been a week ago, it wasn't that sharp parody of a smile, either. "I said you'd be back in time to eat. We made sure to get enough for you."
"I'm going to generously ignore the aspersions you're casting on my stamina," Tony said, and Steve could picture the way the corners of his eyes would crinkle as he grinned at Steve, "and just assume you like to take things nice and slow."
"Did you ever think--" Tony broke off, and Steve could picture him shaking his head in impatience with himself. "No, of course you didn't," he said. "I forget who I'm talking to here."
And then Bruce and Reed Richards--Tony knew that voice had sounded familiar--had opened a portal and Steve and Tony had stepped through it.
So Steve didn’t mention it either, and since several weeks had passed, he figured neither of them was ever going to bring it up.
Then again, Steve had read Tony's SHIELD file, and even if he eliminated anything flagged as "unverified" or "questionable," he figured it would take a lot to embarrass Tony Stark.
"I really cannot recommend that you go in there, Captain," JARVIS insisted, but the door lock disengaged anyway.
Steve wasn't completely sure of that. If he wasn't careful, he'd leave bruises on Tony's skin, livid marks where his fingers bit into tender flesh, and Steve didn't want pain to remind Tony of him.
He hadn't always thought about whether or not he wanted Tony in his bed--it'd sometimes seemed like a far-off, ridiculous fantasy--but he'd never decided he didn't want that, either.
The copper content seemed high, but Tony wasn't enough of a chemist or a geologist to be able to draw any meaningful conclusions from that. He only had the most basic of AI functions, this far from home; the instance of JARVIS in the armor handled all the suit functions perfectly but couldn't connect to any databases that might help Tony make sense of what he was looking at.
He just didn't have the right words. Didn't know how this kind of thing was expressed in the modern age. "Appliances?" he hazarded. "Equipment?"
"Yes and no," Tony said. "I mean, yes, that's basically what I said, and you understood it fine, but what you don't understand is that
"Oh, I've had an opinion," she said. "I can think of at least a dozen ways this is likely to go wrong. But your minds are made up, and I don't waste my time with arguments I'm not going to win. Besides, it's not like I'm opposed to lying to scumbags."
"We both want to help," Tony said, when Steve was silent. "I'm not the one for inspiring speeches unless they're about engineering, but I'm great at writing checks."
"I felt bad for you," Steve corrected him. "Sympathy, not pity. I've been in that position before, and I knew how you must be feeling."
Steve stood near the bed, watching to see what Tony would do. Maybe he should try to turn him around and lead him back to his own quarters?
Tony had met him at the airport, like a good fake boyfriend, and when Steve hugged him--for the benefit of anyone watching, and also because he wanted to--Tony mumbled, "I missed you," into Steve's neck, for the benefit of anyone listening.
"You didn't ask me to do any of that," Tony argued. "The team needs it, or I wanted to do it, or both. I mean you, Steve Rogers, specifically asking me to do something."
"Tony," Steve said, and Tony's hearing had never been affected by alcohol before, but now it was making it sound like Steve's voice was shaking. "Would you--could you look at me? Please?"
Steve smiled again. "I'm glad it's a good idea, and if you need me to help you go through all the recordings, I'll be happy to. But it was just an excuse to get you to talk to me."
Steve's brain kept shutting down at key points in the sentence, such as what the remote-operated armor had attached to it, and what that attachment was doing.
"Actually, it does." There were a few moments of silence, and then he went on, "If you want me to do anything, you can just ask, you know."
Steve was still trying to decide how to reply to that--no, it wasn't a hardship, but it was still a significant favor--when JARVIS cut in.
Steve sighed. He wasn't sure if he should spell his feelings out more clearly. Tony was smart enough that he should know what Steve was trying to tell him, had been trying to tell him for months. If he wasn't seeing it, it was probably because he didn't want to.
"I thought 'getting ideas' was one of your strengths?" Steve set the first cloth aside and used the second one to clean the streaks of come from Tony's stomach.
He’s not going to do it, of course, unless the mission goes badly wrong, but that doesn’t stop him wanting to.
"It turned out that we wanted different things," Tony had said, looking so wistful that Steve almost believed they'd really broken up.
“Some people might think it’s a little creepy that you watch them sleep, you know. Not me, but some people.”
"You're always fussing over me," Tony said; it didn't really sound like a complaint. "Bringing me dinner, even if you did drop it on the floor. Nagging me to leave the lab and get some sleep. Now this." He folded his arms on the table and rested his head on them. "A guy could start getting ideas."
Steve kept thrusting into Tony, as deeply as he could, until Tony shuddered and clenched around him, almost painfully tight, as he came into Steve's hand.
, Steve wanted to say, but then again, if making jokes got Tony through this, he could make all the jokes he wanted.
"If you're really worried, you could always ask Cap about it," Clint suggested. "Wouldn't that be the reasonable adult way to handle the problem?" Tony didn't even have a chance to answer before Clint went on, "Never mind, I see the issue now."
“I believe he is coming here,” JARVIS explained--unnecessarily, it turned out, because Steve’s door opened and Tony walked in.
"You know," Tony said, "you were saying something about doing things your way next time. Something about a bed?"
He'd just rather read a book than an article on the internet, so he saved the links Tony sent him for times when he was bored and didn't have anything else handy.
He liked the way things were between them now. He thought a lot of it would last, even after they stopped pretending to be a couple. Steve would still go to the lab while Tony worked, if Tony let him. They'd still get coffee for one another, and they'd probably still go to some of the same events. Even the ones for marriage equality and LGBT rights, because they'd both made commitments.
Steve actually recognized the names on a few of the accounts tweeting the negative comments; a few months ago, he'd gotten fed up with the number of right-wing activist groups who were using his image in their propaganda, and one of Tony's high-priced lawyers had gone after them.
Tony laughed, genuine laughter that reassured and warmed Steve. "I go weeks without knowing what day it is," he pointed out, "until I miss some big Stark Industries meeting and Pepper blows up at me."
If he had the PR team send out a tweet that the picture was misleading, they'd feel vindicated. Of course their hero couldn't possibly be bisexual. They'd known better.
"I absolutely would. In those exact words. 'Oh, poor Tony. How did he die?' 'He was cruelly murdered. Struck down in the prime of life by Captain Cocktease. You know, the guy with the great big… shield.'"
But Tony had somehow figured out that Steve's silence meant something. Steve hadn't expected that; Tony usually paid attention to technology, not people. Apparently, though, now Steve was something Tony wanted to pay attention to.
Since the Expo was primarily a cover for the plan that Tony, Sam, and Dr. Foster had worked out to attempt to bring Tony back to their dimension, completely free from Ultron, Steve had actually been thinking that it might be. "It isn't?"
And maybe he'd just been imagining Tony's expression when he'd walked in, because now Tony gave him an easy smile. "No problem. I mean, I'm going to have to pretend that this isn't the first I'm hearing over it, but I can bullshit with the best of them, so that'd be fine."
"Anyway," Tony went on, "no, I went to bed. I just... decided that sleeping was not in my best interests."
"I should try it," Steve said. "If there's anything toxic in it, I have a better chance of surviving it than you do, especially if I only eat a little."
Even after Steve had demonstrated that he understood a lot more about science than Tony gave him credit for, they'd never been able to talk like that.
He'd gone along with it even though he didn't really drink much. It seemed like the kind of thing you'd do on a date in a fancy restaurant, and even though the wine wouldn't have any effect on him, he'd drink it for appearance's sake.
"And when we get back to the tower," Tony began with a grin. He hesitated, then leaned across the table like what he was about to say wasn't for public consumption.
"I'm trying to avoid someone," he said. It had the advantage of being the truth, even if Steve was clearly determined to be unavoidable.
Steve shook his head, with a rush of fondness. Maybe by this time tomorrow, even if Steve didn't have everything he wanted, he'd at least be able to watch Tony work again. And maybe pester him enough that Tony would get annoyed and go off to sleep before he spent the whole night in the lab.
But there was always long enough between their nights (or afternoons, or mid-mornings) together that the bruises had always faded before the next time, and they usually weren't very dark until the next morning, so maybe Steve hadn't known he was doing it.
"Should I have been subtler?" Even now, Steve was sure that at least three-quarters of Tony's mind was occupied by the beacon. To get through to Tony when he was occupied with a problem, a guy needed to be as subtle as a brick to the back of the head.
Now he read them because they helped him keep up with both the Avengers and his STRIKE team. He didn't mind the jokes about him being a dinosaur, but he didn't actually want to be a fossil, unable to move past what was familiar to him.
Steve couldn't remember seeing the door before, but he was generally focused on either Tony or on whatever tech Tony was working on. He wasn't usually looking at storage cabinets. "You can go first, if you want," he offered, although he hoped Tony would say no.
"Yeah," Tony said, literally shrugging him off. "What about you, Natasha? You're the only person here who hasn't had an opinion."
"I don't drool, but otherwise, you're not wrong." Tony waved a hand in the air, and the holographic screens he’d been working on faded into darkness. “You know, it might be worth a try,” he admitted. “I’m exhausted.”
He didn't always understand everything Tony said, but he always loved listening to Tony, watching the way Tony's hands were constantly in motion, the quick play of emotions on his face.
Tony itched to take the light fixtures apart. They weren't fluorescent bulbs, and they didn't look like standard incandescents either. He wanted to see what they'd come up with here, and whether it was something that had a chance of application back home.
"Now it's even more your problem," Tony said. "Being stuck here has to have some perks, after all, and this dimension is short on luxury."
"We had telephones in the forties," Steve corrected him. Steve himself hadn't had a phone before he'd joined the army, but they'd existed. When he'd needed to make a call, he'd used the phone booth at the drugstore down the street.
He shook his head. “I know I used to, when I was a kid, but I didn’t know I still did. And I go to your room? Why didn’t you wake me up?”
That was it, he decided. He couldn't keep doing this. He'd outraged enough bigots, and he'd made it clear enough that he was supporting these causes not just because it was the right thing to do, which it was, but because he had a personal stake in them. Anything else was just tormenting himself.
Well, that answered one question. Tony wasn’t a good enough actor to fake that level of surprise. “You didn’t know you sleepwalk?”
Not even tonight, when they'd gone out to another fundraiser--this one in support of a shelter for kids who were homeless because they were gay or trans--and then out for coffee and pancakes afterward, which was becoming a habit. The staff at this
Steve stretched out on the couch. “The things I do for you,” he said, softly so that he didn’t disturb Tony, and watched the light of the arc reactor rise and fall with Tony’s breathing until he fell asleep.
Tony squeezed his hand again, his thumb rubbing over Steve's skin. It was comforting, even if it made Steve want to feel Tony's touch on more than just his hand. He hoped that the warmth spreading through him from the point where their hands touched wasn't obvious to anyone else. Or at least, not to Tony.
And while it was still miserably hot at the zoo, they both agreed that they were really going to put on a performance while they were there, which meant walking hand-in-hand. It didn't stop them from bickering, though.
Steve let the tirade go on for another block before saying, "Hey, Tony? Could you maybe rein your ego in just a little? I'm on a date with you, not it, and I'm not into threesomes."
Tony catches his eye then, just long enough to wink at Steve. Great. He’s noticed that Steve’s--well, absolutely not jealous, but it probably does look like jealousy. Steve’s never going to hear the end of it.
He still hated that he was getting out of one lie with another, but at least this could be the end of it.
He poured out more lube, directly into his palm this time, and rubbed his hands together briefly to take the chill off the gel. Then he slid a finger along the cleft of Tony's ass, finding the tight pucker of his hole and pushing the broad tip of his finger inside.
"Definitely not," Tony said. "We're going to give the people a show like they've never seen before. Stark technology is going to bring a person through from another dimension, with pinpoint accuracy."
"It's going to be a recurring theme in the conversation," Tony pointed out. "My life is not exactly full of exciting events at the moment. Which is why I don't want you to apologize for calling me because you missed me," he went on. "What else do I have to do here? My entire life revolves around technology, and I'm in a dimension where any tech more complicated than a classical simple machine doesn't work. Talking to you might be the only thing that keeps me from losing my mind."
Steve had turned down a lot of the requests for interviews that had come in after the official statement about his sexuality and his relationship with Tony had hit the internet.
"Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt, but you asked me to remind you fifteen minutes before your meeting with Ms. Potts."
"I don't want to hurt you," Steve said, his head dipping down to kiss the thumbprint on his right shoulder, near his neck.
Tony had halfway expected Clint to crack a joke about it, but instead, he just set his cup down and said, "Aw, man, that sucks. I'm sorry."
"Yeah. He made me breakfast. So I guess he can't be that angry at me? Except he's avoiding me, so I figure I did something pretty obnoxious."
Tony really wished Steve was stupid. Not only because he wouldn't have processed that so quickly, but also just because it wouldn't be
But maybe this was a sign that he could be Captain America, or he could be Steve Rogers, but he didn't get to be both.
"And yet," Tony said, "you're still talking in circles. Do you think I'm not 'other people who would understand,' or what? Because just in case
But then, because they had to be convincing, Tony was making a real effort every time they were out in public. It would be different if they really were together, he reminded himself. Tony wouldn't be trying so hard.
Steve just looked down at him, like he didn't know what to do next. Tony knew that wasn't true. Steve was
The rest of them had been able to get some sleep, if only a few hours at a time; their part of the mission didn’t start until Sam and Tony’s work was done. But Tony was close to falling over from exhaustion, and if JARVIS’s theory was right, that meant Tony was going to sleepwalk tonight.
At Tony's words, he started laughing so hard that his last bite of pizza went down the wrong way, and Steve had to thump him on the back.
"So I have ideas about our next date," Tony went on before Steve could say anything. "You want this to be really public, right?"
"Of course you did. Living a life without Tony Stark must seem so dull. Fortunately, that's not a problem I'm ever going to have. Quite the opposite."
"I'm still working out some of the math for the beacon," Tony said. "But I'm limited to theory and planning, and that doesn't take up nearly as much of my time as I'd like it to."
But Tony didn't try to get away, only complained more. "Okay, damn it," Tony said. "If you have any intention of fucking me tonight, would you please do it soon?"
Maybe he shouldn't have actually tried to have a personal life. Not that he'd done this intentionally. He'd been trying to make things easier for Tony, lost in another dimension, and this had just happened.
Steve smiled. He flipped to a clean page in his sketchbook and started drawing Tony again--not in the simple, stylized way he'd been using in his sketches lately, but in a more realistic style. Tony, the way Steve saw his face every time he thought about him.
"Before I was interrupted," Steve said, "I was about to tell you--" He floundered for a moment, trying to find the right way to express himself.
Tony hadn't said a word; it was a good, if odd, feeling to know that he'd left Tony Stark speechless.
The man was from the nineteen-forties, after all. He was kind and compassionate, but that probably meant that he thought queer people were poor unfortunate souls who couldn't help being like that, not that he was actually okay with knowing that one of his closest friends was bisexual.
"Something's not right," Tony said, after Steve had been silent for a few minutes. They didn't always talk. They didn't always do things other than talking, either. Sometimes, one of them just needed to have company, without having to think of something to say.
Anything else, they could work out later. Maybe there wouldn't be anything else. Steve could live with that; he'd been living with it almost since the day he'd met Tony.
" He remembered when that had been on the radio, before the war, and had remembered the lyrics as soon as he'd seen the title in the music library: "
Tony asked multiple people--usually someone wearing an Iron Man or Captain America t-shirt--to take pictures of them, and then uploaded them to the internet: Steve and Tony holding hands in front of the penguin enclosure, Steve and Tony with their arms around one another; Steve and Tony grinning ridiculously and posing with a tiny girl with a Hulk t-shirt, who flexed her miniature muscles and scowled just like the real thing.
But if Tony wanted to think of this as another potential photo opportunity, Steve wasn't going to stop him. It'd probably make things easier, in the long run, than for Steve to try to explain.
"I know I'm right," Tony said. "But you came back up here to bring me coffee and breakfast. That's not just what any concerned colleague would do; that's above and beyond. So you weren't mad at me then."
Well, Tony would be glad to be free of this particular obligation, and Steve was sure there'd be plenty of women who'd be happy to heal Tony's supposedly broken heart.
And then Tony stopped cracking jokes, and just went along with Steve, thrusting into Steve's hand and against Steve's cock, while Steve met him, thrust for thrust, and kept kissing him.
"Jesus," Tony groaned. "JARVIS, if I die tonight, make sure everyone knows to blame Captain Cocktease here."
In the end, it was Tony who broke the spell, and Steve almost thought he sounded apologetic about it.
"But," Tony continued, and Steve felt the tension seep out of his shoulders, because now Tony was waving a hand in the air, and his face had lost that weird stillness, "it's fine. I'm fine. That was a while ago, and it's okay, I'm good now."
Even if Steve would probably never have seen the magazine, he appreciated Tony letting him know that he was mentioned in the interview. It helped to know what Tony told people about their relationship.
Steve didn't know how long their act would continue. Probably not that much longer; Tony was going to want to start having a real social life again eventually. When it ended, Steve was going to have to work hard to move past the way he felt about Tony. But for right now, maybe he could just let himself enjoy it.
Now Tony pulled his arm back. Not quickly or dramatically, just withdrawing enough that Steve was no longer touching him.
Besides, if he did mention it to Tony, and Tony apologized for kicking Steve out of his bed, what was Steve going to say? “I didn’t mind”?
He made himself lift his head and, finally, meet Tony's gaze. "And is the lab really the place for--for
Tony laughs, his hand curling around Steve’s wrist, drawing him closer. He looks at Steve for a moment, then his grin widens. “Still blue.”
Tony’s face was half-buried in the pillow, so even if his response was anything but nonsense, Steve couldn’t understand it.
It only took a few quick strokes before Steve felt himself tensing up, then came into his hand, kissing Tony hard as he tried to keep his knees from buckling under him.
Tony looked startled, and maybe a little pleased, but he didn't comment, and Steve didn't have anything else to add, so they let it drop.
Steve certainly wasn't going to object to the company. He went into the kitchen to check the refrigerator. The company that ran the employee cafeteria for the lower floors of the tower also kept their refrigerators stocked with prepared or nearly-prepared foods, pitchers of water infused with fruit, iced tea--everything that it could be assumed that the Avengers didn't have time to make for themselves.
Or perhaps Tony had just been--no, the idea of Tony Stark being nervous was absolutely absurd. Steve was a bit nervous, because he was sure he wasn't going to match up to anyone from Tony's past. He might be Captain America out in the field, but here he was just Steve Rogers, and Steve Rogers wasn't sophisticated or glamorous or anything Tony probably expected from a partner.
Instead, he'd heard himself saying, "Actually, Ms. McLaren, I have an announcement to make now. I don't know how exciting it is, but... I have to be honest. Tony Stark and I... we're not together anymore."
He couldn't leave marks on Steve's skin, at least not ones that lasted more than a minute or two. He tried not to think that was some kind of metaphor.
But that got lonely, so Steve tended to pull the coffee table closer to one of the couches in the lounge, and work where there would at least be someone passing through from time to time.
"And Ultron?" Steve had asked Sam and Jane Foster that question so many times that he thought they'd take a swing at him if he asked again.
"I am so sorry," one of the women said. She was somewhere between Steve and Tony in age, with short hair and deep brown skin. She was also visibly pregnant; Steve couldn't imagine how exhausted she must be walking around in this heat. "We've been trying to teach her not to do that, but..."
"I know that," Steve said. "But you have to take pictures while things are happening, and I'm a little bit preoccupied when there are criminals rampaging through the Bronx." He rubbed a finger over a bit of the drawing, softening the line left by his pencil. He usually had trouble getting Thor's hair right, but the less-realistic style he was using for this drawing was working well for him.
Steve was silent, though even at this distance, Tony could see the color that rose in his cheeks as Tony listed off the possibilities that he'd considered for what he'd done to Steve last night.
Good enough to make Tony swoon, or maybe that was all the whiskey, because things really were spinning extremely fast, and then....
"Just that I want to talk to you," Tony said. "It's not just 'having someone to talk to' that's keeping me sane, or at least no crazier than I ever was. It's being able to talk to you, specifically."
He really had meant to talk to Tony about how they were going to bring an end to their pretend relationship, but somehow, he hadn't been able to find the words.
"We're going to find a solution," Steve promised. "We'll find a way to bring you back and leave Ultron behind."
"Which is why I'm not angry," Tony said, although Steve wasn't sure if he believed that. "But I'm safe, and you're still here, and I'm curious." That smile again, and this time, the insincerity of it made something click in Steve's brain.
heard, and he wasn't going to pretend he hadn't. "Wasn't that supposed to be the point? We didn't want to put up a big act that we couldn't keep up without a lot of effort." And Steve hadn't had a lot of problem pretending to be someone in love with Tony. That was how he normally acted.
It wasn't just professional photographers, either--the most popular photos online had been ones snapped by passersby, like the one from the evening of their first date, when they'd been walking down the street with Steve's arm around Tony.
"We should boil the water," Tony said. "We don't know what kind of microorganisms are in it, and we won't have any immunity. As for the food--" He shrugged. "Maybe we can eat it. Let's hope we can eat it."
"It's not great." The connection wasn't as clear as if Tony were in the same room, but it was clear enough that Steve could hear his sigh. "It's not terrible. I'm okay. Don't worry about me; I'll get used to it." He chuckled. "Or figure out how to remake it into something more entertaining. Give me a week or so, I'll solve the tragic shortage of cabana girls."
Before Steve could answer, a production assistant came into the room. "Mr. Stark, we're ready for you."
And that was so much like what Tony had been thinking himself, before he'd gotten sidetracked by being annoyed at Steve's very existence, that it took him a moment to register that this wasn't just a "the old days were so much better," pronouncement.
Under his palm, he felt the muscles of Tony's back tense. Steve bit his lip, wondering if he'd made a mistake.
“It’s midnight, I’ve spent the last couple of hours playing, ‘No, of course I don’t think you’re an idiot,’ which is my least favorite game, and believe me, we didn’t talk about SHIELD tech. If you want me to make a statement, you can come to the tower tomorrow. Tomorrow
Finally, though, they were in the parking garage, and Steve gave into the urge to grab Tony's hand and pull him toward the elevators.
Tony's lips parted for Steve without any coaxing, welcoming him in and returning the kisses with equal fervor. He clutched at Steve's shirt, pulling him in closer, until Steve was pressed against Tony's body, and then Tony hitched up his right leg, wrapping it awkwardly but effectively around Steve's thighs, and dragged him closer still.
To be honest, he could probably have just walked in; he had override access to every door in the tower except the private living areas, and he doubted Tony would have locked him out anyway. He only locked the lab when he was working on something more than usually likely to explode.
If Steve would just stop asking questions, that would be great. Tony knew Steve too well to hope for that, though. "It's not business, either. This is totally a personal problem. Nothing for you to worry about."
"Everything's fine," Steve lied. Then he realized that they were going to be doing this for a while. He couldn't just keep lying to Tony about being miserable.
"That's the Navy," Steve muttered, but then let it drop. He came around to stand behind Tony, watching as Tony pushed his pants and underwear down to expose the smooth pale curve of his ass.
Tony laughed. "Hey, I can be an adult, when no other options are available." Then, hopefully, he added, "I could try it now? I jumped to conclusions this morning. I'm not going to say I panicked, but I did something that could look a lot like panicking, in the correct light."
Especially since technology and the future were so important to Tony, and Tony was so important to Steve.
He'd been serious about wanting to expand Tony's musical horizons, but also, he couldn't resist that.
It was probably just the realization that he was going to die here, with someone he only really got along with when they were fucking, and not always even then.
The frown deepened. "I talk to you all the time," he said. "Not lately, because you've been in Uruguay, but that's hardly my fault."
And then he wasn't thinking at all; his brain was nothing but bright light, electricity arcing through him as he came, splattering his stomach and the hem of his shirt with come as he called Tony's name, louder than he'd intended to.
, though he might have picked up a copy if he saw Tony's face on the cover. That was how he'd started reading some popular science and technology-themed publications: wanting to understand his teammate better.
Steve nodded, then decided that it was a good time to go to the kitchen for more coffee before he said something too revealing. "Want a refill?" he asked, reaching for Tony's cup, since he knew what the answer was going to be.
Tony sounded a lot less enthusiastic than he had the last time Steve had brought up a new training sim. "I can give you a few minutes right after dinner, sure," he said.
He'd noticed the drinking, obviously; Tony had been the recipient of a lot of concerned looks. But he hadn't noticed the timing, and so he wasn't any closer to unraveling the mystery of who Tony had been trying to avoid.
Tony was doing this to annoy bigots and to help Steve out. He wasn't going to enjoy this; it was a favor. That was obvious from the way Tony hadn't scheduled half a dozen interviews when they'd broken the news. He'd let Steve do all the talking for them, because this was Steve's plan, and Tony was just along for the ride.
Even when one of the guests has let his hand slide downward, far enough down that it’s definitely not on Tony’s back any more. He waves Steve away, but not before Tony takes one of the bite-sized tarts from Steve’s tray and pops it into his mouth.
And then, because this was just the worst night, a muscular arm went around his waist, and Steve nudged Tony's shoulder with his own. "Put your arm around me," Steve said. "I think you've had a little too much."
"You should have taken pictures," Tony said. "There are tabloids that would pay a small fortune for them. Tony Stark being fucked by his own armor? Even with all the euphemisms they'd need to use, that'd stay on the front page for days." He considered for a moment. "Maybe even weeks, depending on whether Taylor Swift breaks up with her boyfriend or not."
"It's possible," Steve admitted. "I'm glad you told me. I'm sorry you told me when you were two minutes from passing out drunk, but I'm still glad you told me." His hand was on Tony's knee now, warm and reassuring through Tony's jeans.
"Not this time. There really isn't much to say about it." Unless, of course, you were stalling, which Tony might have been.
"I'd have asked one of the others to do this," Tony said, "but I wasn't sure if you'd said anything to them or not. There's a restaurant--I swear, you'll like it--I want you to make reservations at. The night I get back. Table for two," he added. "This is
"Nobody brings it up any more," he said. "I was with Pepper for a while, and I mostly date women, for a lot of reasons. But in the nineties, right after they changed the rules so that you could still get government security clearances even if you weren't straight, I had a pretty dramatic short-lived relationship with a guy. It made the papers. And I decided that if people asked, I'd answer. So when you asked me to help you--I figured you knew? It's in my SHIELD file, after all."
And then Steve's segment was over; he thought he'd been scheduled for a longer appearance, but that wasn't a problem. He was glad he'd mis-remembered that; he just wanted to get back to the green room so he could call Tony.
"I can hear you, Cap," Tony said. Steve wondered if he was imagining things, or if there really was an undercurrent of strain in Tony's voice. Tony had spent a lot of the day reassuring his former teammates--no, not "former"; Tony was still an Avenger even if he wasn't here on Earth now--that he was doing just fine there, but Steve was only partly joking about that dimension sounding like Tony's personal hell, especially since he was alone. As far as Steve had ever been able to tell, Tony only liked to be alone when he was working.
"You know we have cameras now," Tony said. "Digital ones, even. Easy to carry around, huge storage capacity. No changing film, no darkrooms."
"Sure, if you want to go out to dinner wearing armor and a cape, ask Thor. That's going to be on you."
And maybe, Tony thought, that was because Tony had done his usual disappearing act. Steve's message gave them both an out. Steve hadn't asked Tony to come to his quarters, and he hadn't come to Tony's. He'd just had JARVIS pass on the information.
Steve came over anyway, because Tony had the worst luck in the universe right now. "I thought I was the one who was supposed to hate things like this?"
"Oh, you mean when you were wasted." Clint grinned at him. "Still on the low end of average. You were actually pretty mellow. You told me that I wasn't as dumb as I look. You even defended me to Natasha when she told you I'm exactly as dumb as I look, but to be fair, I'd been stepping on her feet all evening. I'm not the best at that kind of dancing. I do a mean Electric Slide, though."
"I apologize, sir. Captain Rogers utilized his override code, and while I tried to discourage him, he was most singleminded."
Tony's only reaction to the loss of at least eight hours was to shrug and say, "Really?" At least losing track of time was behavior Steve expected from Tony, unlike the thing Steve was still unable to think about for more than a few seconds at a time. "Okay, so you're back. But if there'd been an emergency, you'd have put out the call to assemble, not just dropped by the lab. You'd be in uniform, too."
And if he was going to die anyway, if he didn't have to worry about awkwardness and team dynamics and the sheer torture of looking at Steve Rogers every day and feeling like a goddamn Smiths song every time (
"I'm fine," Steve said. "I just-- Tonight, when we were out dealing with Unicorn and Killer Shrike."
Steve usually avoided these things; Steve usually avoided any event that he couldn't show up to in the Captain America get-up. "At least that's comfortable," Steve had said earlier tonight, scowling at himself in a mirror. "I'm just a guy from Brooklyn. I don't belong at some swanky party, and I look stupid in this fancy suit."
Tony shook his head. "People love a love story, Rhodey," he said breezily. "And Cap and I are going to give them one hell of a love story. It's going to be fine. It's going to be
"He's famous for being neurotic and depressed," Tony argued. "And really, if I were stuck in Central Park I'd be neurotic too."
He was mostly undressed: he was wearing his underwear, his socks, and the undershirt he'd chosen so that the arc reactor didn't glow too brightly through his tuxedo shirt. As he blinked enough that his eyes remembered how to focus, he could see that the rest of his clothes were folded neatly on a chair, with his shoes underneath it.
He took a deep breath. "The food is good," he said. "The company is great." A little bit of a lie, since Tony was in show-off mode, but not too much of one. "This just really isn't my kind of place. I know it's yours, but..."
I hope you all enjoyed watching Steve and Tony's romance blossom and grow during these past thirty days. For those of you who were able to enjoy my little writing experiment live over the past thirty days, I hope you enjoyed it and I'd love to hear what you thought of this format. For anyone who is reading it after the fact, I still hope you enjoyed it and that it was still good without the daily wait and suspense.
He spent his entire run focusing on his thoughts, reminding himself to be reasonable and be responsible. If he let that slip too soon, it could spell ruin for their entire relationship. He had to put a clamp on it now, stop even mentally thinking the word until he knew it was true. He always praised himself on his strength of will, and he was going to put it to the test now. He just had to remember that it was infatuation and that was it.
Tony furrowed his brow at the pause, but seemed to let it go as he sighed and slumped his shoulders. “Really Steve, it’s fine. It’s just…a bad anniversary.”
He took an extra lap around the block before he felt his resolve was strong enough to walk into the doors of Jumpstart. He saw Tony standing there at the counter, and he looked up and gave him this heartfelt smile that made Steve’s heart melt. He felt a rush of that same warm, giddy euphoria just be seeing him smile, and no matter how hard he tried to deny it all morning, just like yesterday, he couldn’t deny that was love.
“Since we’re reminiscing and all, I’ve always wondered, what made you come in?” Tony asked. Steve couldn’t tell if he was actually curious about that answer, or if he was just finding an excuse to keep them so close together. He had his forehead pressed up against Tony’s and their lips were so close he could feel Tony’s breath on them and he loved it.
“Ooh, so I have two challenges tonight: beat you both at bowling and get you to love baseball. I’ve got my work cut out for me!” Steve laughed.
It was with a bright smile that Steve walked into the coffee shop. Granted, Jumpstart always brought a smile to his face, but today it was for a different reason. He waited patiently in line until he reached the counter. “Is it okay if I visit my boyfriend at work?” he asked with a smirk. He’d been waiting all night to say that. There was just something good about being able to call him his boyfriend. He wasn’t the guy he liked, he wasn’t the guy he was seeing - he was his boyfriend. It was official, it was established, and he loved it. He loved saying it, and he was never going to grow tired of it. He lost track of how many times he said it to his coworkers yesterday, and Bucky was already sick of hearing the word, but he didn’t care because he was just so happy.
“Personal trainer at one of the local gyms,” he replied as he grabbed the coffee and took a wonderful sip. Still just as good as the first day he came in here. “It’ll be a lot of work, but it’s flexible hours and good pay and they think I’ll be able to build up a clientele pretty quick.”
They finally broke the kiss, and he was glad to see that Tony looked about as dopey as he felt. That kiss it…wow. He felt like he could storm any fortress, run any marathon, hit a home run. He felt like if he jumped he would never come down because he was just so full of light.
“Then let’s get closer,” he agreed. “Just tell me what you need.” As much as he wanted try to become one person right here right now, they were in a kitchen while Tony was on the clock – that could only end badly.
Being called out like that shook him out of his examination of the room, and he looked over to the bar to officially place an order. He felt his mouth go a little dry as he looked at the man behind the counter. He was an older man, with a little bit of greying in the sides of his dark hair. His goatee was cut in a very unique shape that actually framed his face perfectly, and when he stood just right the light would catch a flicker of gold in his brown eyes. He carried himself like a man who was used to being trim and fit but had recently put on weight, though honestly it didn’t really look like that much. But honestly, the only description Steve wanted to attach to him was beautiful.
It was hard to believe it had been a month. It had officially been thirty days since he first walked into Jumpstart, an innocent trip that would end up changing his life forever. It sounded dramatic, but even if they didn’t stay together forever (although he really hoped they did) he knew just knowing Tony would permanently change him. It felt so fast, like the month had happened in a blur, but at the same time it felt agonizingly slow, especially when he was struggling to ask Tony out. And now as the world transitioned into July, he was prepared to start his July with the man he loved.
“He won’t say no either, if that’s what you’re afraid of,” Happy continued after Steve stayed silent for a moment.
Also, it looks like Steve finally admitted to himself how he's been feeling about Tony. What is he going to do with this newfound information?
“Morning Tony,” he replied softly, honestly. “Think I can give you a kiss or is that not okay while you’re working?”
Thank you all for your wonderful support! I'm so pleased to see how many of you have been enjoying this! I'm truly honored that you've taken time out of your days to read this. It's been a pleasure writing for all of you.
Tony just glowed with the compliment as he made his way back over to the register. “Damn right I am. Did you hear that Stacy? I’m always right, so maybe you should actually let me order your coffee for today?”
Oh. Oh this was big. He remembered Tony talking about this on their first date, how the man that he trusted as a father figure played some underhanded games to force Tony out of the company that was rightfully his. It had been a huge, unexpected betrayal and left Tony with only his inheritance, most of which he had squandered. And while he talked about that being a huge turning point in his life and something he had come to terms with, he had to imagine that the anniversary of having your life change so dramatically was something that needed further contemplation.
“I guess I probably need to buy some coffee,” Steve sighed as he pulled out his card and handed it to Tony.
“No I—I get it,” Steve replied, feeling a little tongue-tied himself after that dizzying experience. He watched Tony stumble a bit back over to the register and try to engage with a customer, but it was clear he was frazzled. Steve just smiled, his face absolutely glowing as he tried to turn back to Pete to continue their conversation. Pete had this infuriatingly knowing look on his face, and he tried to ignore it and work past it. He tried to stay focused on Pete, he really did, but he kept stealing glances at Tony, and it was clear Tony was stealing glances at him, because they would both blush when they caught each other’s glances. And his hand still tingled where Tony had touched it.
Steve had finally asked him out, and he took him out to the bar for celebratory drinks. He was glowing at the bar too…and he was still glowing this morning as he waltzed into Jumpstart with a spring in his step that couldn’t be denied.
Tony was silent for a moment, a long moment actually, and Steve bit his lip slightly in his nerves. He knew this was fast – it had only been two dates and not even a week – but it felt right. But he didn’t feel like the silence was bad. Tony’s face was soft again (he still didn’t quite know what that emotion was – heart-warmed, touched, awed, loved, emotional – but he always took it as a good sign. It was a strong emotion and it made his face look so beautiful, it had to be good.
Tony looked stunned for a moment, but recovered as always. “Do you mean the number for Jumpstart or a different number?”
It was 6:55 in the morning, and an anxious barista waited for a specific patron. Every time he felt the blast of the cool morning air through the open door he would look up, a quip on his lips and a hopeful look on his face, waiting for a catch of blonde hair on a tall, broad man.
Tony raced around the counter, stumbling slightly in his need to get back to Steve. As soon as he was around the counter, Steve reached out desperately for Tony. He cupped his hands around his cheeks and pulled him into a passionate kiss. This time he slid his tongue into Tony’s mouth. He tasted like Italian food and coffee and he couldn’t get enough of it as he lapped at Tony’s mouth with a shuddering moan. He could feel Tony’s hands settle on his hips, and he kissed him harder as a reward. Tony’s hands slid up along his chest with a whimper until it found the first button of his shirt and deftly released the button.
Yesterday had been terrible. He spent the whole day lamenting how he hadn’t been able to see his barista. Instead of new, fresh memories of him, he had to rely on his old memories, which were fine but not enough. He knew it was probably a bad sign that he relied on these daily interactions with Tony so much and that they brought him as much joy as they did, but honestly there were worst things he could focus on. If seeing a cute man smile and buying coffee every morning brought more joy into his life, then he really didn’t see a reason for him to stop.
I know, just when it's getting good, but remember, this is told from the perspective of the coffee shop.
Tony shifted nervously again, but something on his face softened just a little. “Maybe you will,” he said gently before his face twisted into a smirk. “Too bad you have no redeeming qualities to keep him.”
“Well, if it’s for the environment, then I’ll stay,” Steve agreed, and he chanced a slight smirk. Again, he thought he saw a smile on Tony’s face at the fact that he decided to linger again today like he had yesterday, but he wasn’t sure if he could trust his judgment on that. Yesterday had been close – between getting back to his apartment and showering he barely made it to work on time. It was a risk he probably shouldn’t be taking…but he couldn’t say no. He couldn’t turn down the chance to watch Tony make coffee, or the chance to talk with him again, and he especially couldn’t turn it all down when Tony asked him to stay.
“Like the pictures?” Tony asked from behind the counter. “Saw you checking them out yesterday. That’s the inside of one of my old cars – a 1970 Monte Carlo. I don’t have her anymore unfortunately, but I got some great pictures of her before I had to give her up. She’s the one in the picture above the cream and sugar bar.”
He looked over at Bucky, a look of concern on his face. Bucky tilted his chin slightly, subtly nudging him to keep going. So he took a breath and tried to strike up conversation. Maybe if he flirted with him, he’d flirt back? Maybe something would go back to normal? How was Bucky supposed to tell if he was into him if there was this strange distance between them? He tried his hardest to engage Tony, and while he would engage in witty banter and conversation, it wasn’t the same as it usually was. It was superficial and pedestrian and sounded like the same conversations he’d have with his other regulars. It lacked the electricity and the excitement and the secret glances they usually shared.
He smiled back at him. “You’re welcome.” He bent over to press a soft kiss onto Tony’s lips while he cradled the back of his skull with his hand. He felt one of Tony’s hands reach up to rest on his cheek and he closed his eyes as he felt overcome with emotion. He slid his tongue into Tony’s mouth, not looking for passion or vigor, but looking for an intimacy that connected him with as much of Tony’s mouth as he could with that kiss. Their tongues rubbed and curled against each other, and Steve felt a rush of something so warm and so wonderful rise up in him. It wasn’t lust, it wasn’t passion, but it was something so powerful it was almost blinding to touch, but he refused to look away. His mind was trying to give him a word to describe this feeling, this shared elation that this moment and this kiss with Tony brought forth in each of them, but he refused to acknowledge it. This was something else, a connection, but it wasn’t
He’d come to terms with thinking about love. He hung out with Bucky last night and like always, he pulled it out of him. He said it was all over his face that he was thinking it and didn’t even need to say it, which was embarrassing. But he decided the more he fought the thoughts, the more prevalent they would become. He had to address them, accept them, and keep them to himself until it was the right time to tell Tony. Because while they had come such a long ways since that first flirty meeting, he didn’t know if Tony would appreciate him moving fast. It wasn’t because he was afraid Tony wouldn’t respond – those same emotions were coming from him too during those kisses – but he didn’t know if Tony’s history of being betrayed by people he cared about made him wary. His heart may be ready for that step, but Tony’s anxiety about what happened to him before might get in the way. Sure he’d admitted he hadn’t really been in a relationship before, but what happened with Tony’s father figure had hurt him and emotionally scarred him and he didn’t want to push him sooner than he was ready.
Tony gave them both an exasperated look, but he allowed himself to be led into the back room by Steve. Happy was back there prepping and cooking, but he quickly got the hint that he needed to head up to the front of the house and help Pete.
Steve stroked his chin like he was trying to think. “Average height, beautiful body, charming face, perfectly messy hair with just the right amount of salt and pepper, a sexy goatee, oh and the more amazing ass I’ve ever seen on a man. Oh, and did I say he was incredibly attractive?”
“Yeah, you do,” Tony chuckled. “Alright, I gotta get back to the counter,” he sighed. He leaned over and gave Steve a kiss and a squeeze on the shoulder before he left. “I’m serious though,” he called over his shoulder, “don’t run out of things to say before tonight or it’s going to be awkward!”
A voice perked up behind him, and he could tell it belonged to a teenage boy before he even looked over his shoulder. “Uh yeah, that’s because aside from me and Captain Handsome over here, no one else
He tried not to feel personally slighted. Tony deserved to have a day off after all, and just because he had some all-consuming attraction to the barista didn’t mean that feeling went both ways. He spent his days looking forward to seeing Tony again and spent his nights dreaming about him. It made him sound like some teenage schoolgirl, but it was the truth. But just because he couldn’t get Tony out of his head didn’t mean Tony did the same, and he had to recognize and be okay with that. Because honestly, really all he had done was order some coffee and stumble over his words like a moron, while Tony was witty and beautiful and intriguing and had completely captivated him. He was falling hard for him, and he knew it and could see it happening and honestly had no intention to make it stop, but that never meant Tony felt the same.
He was so close he could feel Tony’s breath catch at how close they were. “Nah, I like the thought of kissing you here. It just feels…right.”
Steve blushed slightly. He didn’t know if Tony told Pete everything about their date last night, but given Pete’s text this morning, he clearly knew he spent the night, and that was a little awkward. But Pete also didn’t seem fazed by it; he just seemed really happy. “We did have a good time. You’re dad’s an amazing guy.”
Pete smiled fondly as he looked at his dad. “He really is. So are you two going out again?” he asked hopefully.
“Sorry, what do you mean?” Steve asked, slightly confused. Tony wasn’t going to ask him about what? Where was this coming from?
Steve followed Bucky outside and they walked down the block a bit before he finally had to stop him because he couldn’t take the uncertainty anymore. If Bucky didn’t have some insight on what just happened in there, then he didn’t know what he was going to do. “So what’s the verdict?”
“Permission for this: do you want to be my boyfriend Tony?” he asked as he grabbed one of Tony’s hands. “Be exclusive, go steady, however you want to call it. But I want to be your boyfriend, if you’ll be mine.”
He shook himself out of his thoughts again as he stepped up to the counter, his mind unfortunately blank as he struggled to find words. “Um, sorry. I’d uh, like some coffee. And a blueberry muffin.”
Hi everyone! This is my first time posting MCU fanfic and my first time posting on AO3 (I spent a lot of my college/grad school years writing Danny Phantom fanfics on FF.net but it's been awhile) so please be nice! I hope you will enjoy this going forward!
this. He wanted to be intimate with Tony more than he’d ever wanted another man in his life, and if he stopped this now, all they’d remember from this date was leaving unfulfilled and disappointed, especially when they were both used to dates ending this way.
His eyes immediately went to Tony, and he was pleased to see that he wasn’t the only one with a little extra pep that morning. Tony danced absent-mindedly to the music as he made someone else’s order, and as soon as he looked up to meet eyes with Steve his face broke out into a wide grin. “Well good morning, handsome,” he greeted.
Tony placed the porcelain mug of dark brown coffee on the counter, looking triumphant. “That’s what I’ve been saying! Been saying it all along! Pete seems to think no one will care.”
. I’m not burying my misery in booze and faceless women and hiding behind money. I have a great son, a perfect boyfriend, and this great life and job that I did. Me. All by myself. It ended up being a good thing. But it still hurts every year and I don’t get why!”
“I’d love to know what you’re thinking about to trigger that kind of smile,” Tony mused as he leaned over the counter to greet him with a kiss.
“Well I’m just saying, it’s a school night, so I doubt Ned’s mom’s gonna let me sleep over,” Pete pointed out.
“Tuesday,” Tony said while he focused very intently on Steve’s coffee mug. “And Steve, I’m picking the date this time; I’ve got to show you up.”
you are hot,” he gasped. Tony’s hands ran along his muscles, and he could feel his body tingle and twitch everywhere he touched. Tony’s touch brought with it pure pleasure that burned deep inside him and he moaned out his appreciation. It didn’t take long for Tony to rip his shirt off his arms so he stood bare-chested in the middle of the coffee shop.
Steve grinned over the rim of his coffee cup. Potential boyfriend. He liked that title. It had hope and promise and showed that Tony intended for this to go further. That’s what he wanted too, and he was so, so happy to hear Tony was on the same page. If tomorrow went well, it was worth asking about removing the word ‘potential’ from that title…
He continued to talk with Tony, and he focused their conversation on hobbies. He found out that Tony liked to take things apart and see how they worked, he liked to watch television with his son, and he liked cars. He also learned he could be a bit competitive, but in a good way, and that he used to live a bit of a wild life. It was good, not only because he loved to learn about this man that had captivated his life, but it gave him ideas for what they could do on their date. Because that date was happening on Saturday: he would make sure of that tomorrow. Tomorrow he wasn’t chickening out. Tomorrow he was going to do it, come hell or high water. Tomorrow he was asking Tony out.
They must have stared at each other for a long time (Steve could just get lost in Tony’s eyes) but finally Tony pulled away. He gave some excuse about having to help Pete and they said their goodbyes, but Steve could definitely feel Tony’s eyes on him as he left.
He walked around the counter with his muffin and gave Pete a wink on his way over. Pete winked back, his face filled with delight, and Steve again had to wonder who was actually happiest about the date out of the three of them. He took up his usual position and focused his eyes very intently on Tony’s hips swaying as he worked the espresso machine. “Moment of truth? I watch your hips every time you make coffee,” Steve admitted. Just because he had to move out of the line didn’t mean he had to make the flirting stop.
“I do enjoy cuddling you,” he grinned before he finally pulled away, though he continued to rub his hand lovi—softly. He rubbed his hand softly. “You know what this means? We just need to find another night.” He knew that was easier said than done with Pete, but if this was going to work they would have to be able to spend that time with each other.
for this. And now that he finally had it, his lips flush up against Tony’s, it was everything he had built it up to be and more. The kiss was gentle and polite, as a first kiss should be, but it still managed to steal his breath away. Tony’s lips were soft and warm, and the hairs of his goatee brought in a roughness that drove him wild. His lips tingled, shooting a warm pulse of pleasure through his entire body that left him feeling euphoric. He could only compare it to the pleasurable chills of stepping into a warm shower, but even that was a meager comparison to how
Using his military training, he padded across the café until he was right behind him. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and tucked him close against his body. He heart Tony yelp “Steve!” as he dropped the mop, and Steve laughed as he nuzzled his face into the top of his head. “Good morning,” he finally said.
He could tell that Tony was trying to be glib about his return, but he could easily see the relief spread across his face. Did that mean he missed him? Was he afraid he wouldn’t come back? He felt bad if his missing day caused him any worry or stress, but he also felt a sick sort of happiness that he cared that much that he was gone. He gave him an apologetic look that was genuine and honest. “I’m sorry Tony, apparently the meeting ended in me getting called down to DC. Nothing bad, just an impromptu award ceremony,” he explained.
Steve sighed in defeat and he squeezed Tony’s hands. “…I did,” he admitted. “I know it’s too soon and I’m probably freaking you out, but I’ve been thinking it for days and I guess I couldn’t hold it in anymore.” He met Tony’s eyes as his brow creased with pure honesty. “But yes, I love you Tony.”
He blushed again for looking like a fool. “Right. Yeah just let me--” He took a sip of the warm, but not scalding, coffee and immediately he felt his entire palate open up. There was this richness to the coffee, and complexity along with the bitterness that was so full of flavor. He usually drank coffee for the caffeine or the social habit but this...this he was drinking for the taste. It was everything he ever hoped coffee would be. “This...this is the best coffee I’ve ever had,” he breathed as he took another sip.
Suddenly the pieces fell into place and Steve’s mouth fell open. He shook his head in rising panic. “Oh no. Oh fuck. No no no. Bucky I can’t have him thinking that!” If Tony thought he was in a relationship…it could potentially ruin
He walked into the café, and like every morning for the past thirty days, he looked for Tony’s smile. That smile captivated his heart and made him feel like he could take on whatever the day had in store, so long as he could see that smile again the next day. It was what made him get out of bed and what he spent his entire run looking forward to seeing. Tony finally looked up and there it was, the smile from his boyfriend, the man that he loved, and it filled his heart just seeing it again. He patiently waited for his turn and used Tony’s intermittent smiles to tide him over until finally he was at the counter. He leaned over and gave Tony a longing kiss hello that petered out into small, needy pecks. It had been far too long.
Tony’s eyes sparkled with a teasing glint. “Hey be grateful. He originally said you have to buy a muffin for every kiss, but I talked him out of that one.”
“It’s the sport coat, what can I say,” he grinned as he pulled on the collar of the item in question. “It’s a callback to my earlier dating days – I’m surprised it still fits,” he chuckled nervously.
He bumped Steve’s shoulder with his coffee cup. “I know how scared you get asking people out, but really, you should do it tomorrow. It’s gonna go great, I promise. He’ll be so relieved you’re single he’ll say yes. Trust me.”
Steve smiled wide as he looked up at Tony, definitely reading the subtle request to stay longer. “Well, the kid asked for my perfect type, but I’m sure I’ll find someone who meets all of them and more,” he replied, and with how thick he was laying on the suggestion, he hoped Tony realized that he had, indeed, found that perfect person.
“Mm, he really does,” Tony sighed happily against his lips. He gave him one more kiss before he pulled back. “He also says if you’re going to visit me, you have to buy coffee.”
It took a few moments for Tony to register that Steve was talking to him, and even longer for him to form a sentence. Even though his shirt was back down, Tony still stared at his abdomen. “Oh uh, morning Steve,” he finally said as he broke his gaze to look up at him. “You uh, look like you had a good workout.”
“Sounds like you were traumatized,” Tony grinned as he leaned against the counter too, clearly enjoying Steve’s pain. It placed them so close to each other, which was thrilling. “Was it the coffee or the company?”
He knew what he was thanking him for. He was thanking him for dating him and caring for him. He was thanking him for embracing Pete and not seeing it as a complication. He was thanking him for just being him. The fact that he was thanking him, meant he saw those as burdens or things he had to work around, which wasn’t true at all. These pieces Tony was thanking him for accepting, they were part of what made Tony the man he cared deeply about, and he didn’t need to thank him for that. But he also didn’t know how to argue that, and really he didn’t want to, so he just smiled and kissed him softly again. “Anything for you, Tony.” And he truly meant it too.
“Oh a surprise? Wow, you’ve really thought this through.” Again Steve struggled to read his expression and tone, but it almost sounded surprised and honored. “Are you going to give me any hints?” he asked as he set his mug of coffee down on the counter.
As soon as he walked in, Happy looked surprised to see him. “Didn’t expect to see you here now that you know Tony doesn’t work on Saturdays.”
“Hear that Morgan? My Captain Studmuffin is in line, so let’s find that credit card.” He was clearly teasing and she was obviously a regular because she just laughed and produced her card.
He wanted to finish with that, it was sitting there, dancing on his tongue, but he swallowed it down. This wasn’t the right time.
Today was the day. He was going to ask Tony out. Asking for his number had gone so well yesterday, much better than expected, and it gave him hope for today. With Bucky’s guidance he texted him a little last night. Nothing deep and nothing needy, but just to engage him a little. He also knew, without a doubt, that Tony was into him. The looks they’d share, the way he purposefully moved his hand to prolong their stolen touch: he could tell Tony was attracted to him. Going on a date was just the right move, and he knew Tony would agree. So if he was so sure about it…why was he so nervous? His stomach twisted in knots his entire run and it only made him push harder, focusing on the burn in his legs instead of the nausea in his stomach. He just had to find his right segway (which shouldn’t be hard given how much flirting they did) and then he was in.
“That’s what I like to hear,” he grinned proudly from behind the counter. “You enjoy that big guy, and if you ever want another, I’ll be here.”
He kissed his hand before he let go of that too and pulled out his card to pay. “You’re his dad, so I’ll go along with whatever you think is best.”
This time he sat at Pete’s table, which came as a bit of a shock to the kid. “Hey kid, how was the trip?” he asked, genuinely wanting to know how it went. He wasn’t joking when he said he wanted to make Pete a part of his life.
Tony kissed him back, but immediately Steve could tell something was wrong. He was distracted and not present, which was so weird for Tony, especially when he walked into the room. “Morning Steve,” he returned, and it felt strangely hollow. It wasn’t the usual flirty, happy greeting he was used to getting, but it was almost like Tony wasn’t present in the moment, like his mind was somewhere else.
Look, Tony can't work every day! But don't worry, their relationship will still move along on Saturdays...it just may involve less direct contact.
Steve felt his entire mouth go dry and he was pretty sure his mouth hung open a little. He blinked dumbly at Tony as his entire mind just froze. Was he serious? Because if he was serious…he couldn’t pass this up. He
Tony shook his head. “I’m not upset. Just distracted. I’m fine.” He pulled Steve into a surprisingly passionate kiss that made his head spin. Unlike the other kiss, he was very much present for this one, but he also knew what he was trying to do.
He walked up to the counter, shining like the sun. “Morning handsome,” he greeted as he leaned across the counter for his morning kiss, the kiss that really, officially started the day. He couldn’t think about going the rest of the day without getting that first morning kiss, and he lov—enjoyed that kiss.
“Yeah, what was off was you taking me here. That was a mistake, Steve. Did you see how jealous Tony got?” Bucky prompted. “As soon as you introduced me his whole manner changed. He was doing a good job hiding it, but he was not happy I was there.”
He spent the time Tony made his drink chatting with Pete. It was pretty basic questions: how old was he (fourteen), did he have any hobbies (Lego and taking apart electronics), did he have an idea on a career yet (engineer like his dad), was he dating anyone (ew, no) – the usual. He learned a lot about Tony’s son, certainly enough to be impressed by him, and he enjoyed talking to him. He was a good kid, had this nice nerdy charm that was endearing, and Seve could clearly see Pete worshipped his dad. As he talked with Pete, he would occasionally steal glances at Tony (specifically his butt) and he could tell Tony was watching them interact. A glowing warmth settled on Tony’s face that he hadn’t seen yet, and he knew he had made the right choice.
Steve smiled happily as he held Tony closer. This was actually a really good development. Of course being told you smelled good was always a good thing and he rather enjoyed that, but given how often he worked out, it was good he liked the smell of him covered in sweat. “So should I go for another run right before our date tonight? Get all sweaty again?”
“See, we just can’t let that happen,” Tony said, and Steve could definitely see his eyes linger on his pecs. “So I’m sorry Steve, but you just have to keep buying coffee. That’s the only way to keep you sexy while still getting kisses.”
“Yes!” Pete blurted out loudly, so loud it caught the attention of the entire café, including Tony who gave him a suspicious look.
Steve’s brow furrowed. Did he say anything? He couldn’t remember his mouth doing anything other than kissing Tony. He certainly had
He broke the kiss, but kept his face close to Tony’s. He could feel Tony’s panting breaths on his face and it took all his power not to close that gap again. “Tony, what are you doing?” he asked between breathless pants. It was an obvious question with an obvious answer, but removing his shirt was a signal for something more, and he was using it as a chance to check they were ready for the next step.
Tony placed his coffee on the counter and lingered for a moment, despite the other customers in line. “That’s fine, it just lets me know what time to expect you.”
It had been so easy to dismiss the memory of it as infatuation or an emotional moment, but being near Tony again, experiencing even an echo of it, that had to be love. He couldn’t deny it while he was feeling it. Infatuation would have a shallowness to it at its very core, whereas this feeling emanated straight from his core. If it was infatuation, would he be trying so hard to impress Pete and make sure that Pete and Tony would welcome him into their family unit? And yesterday, when he was so concerned about making sure Tony felt okay? That didn’t seem like infatuation, but more like how partners looked after each other. Standing there, staring at how Tony’s smile lit up his whole face, and seeing how Tony’s happiness could make him so happy in turn…it had to be love. And the fact that he didn’t want to admit it made him even more confident that’s what it was.
Steve pressed a kiss deep into Tony’s hair as he squeezed him tight. “Because you were betrayed, and that hurt never goes away. Yeah, you made the best of it, because you’re a fighter, but you were still betrayed. You’re not upset that you lost the company, you’re upset it got taken away by someone you trusted.”
Tony chuckled as he leaned back against Steve. “Is that a promise?” he asked as he arched his head back against Steve’s shoulder to look up at him. The question was meant to be flirty, but Steve could catch a vulnerability there that made his heart warm.
He could feel Pete’s eyes on him as he said that and he could almost feel the tension in that corner of the room as he hung on their every word. Tony was silent for a moment, and it looked like he was struggling to keep his face impassive, though what emotion was threatening to burst out, Steve couldn’t say. “Still not sure what this has to do with me,” he finally said. “Are you hoping for a singles discount?”
He was at the door of the café before he had even decided to go inside. Somehow his body carried him down the street while he ruminated on the café, and now he really had no other choice but to go in. The door was wide-open and inviting, and even though he knew he shouldn’t because this was setting up a routine he didn’t want, he walked inside the door.
“Sure thing big guy,” the barista nodded as he grabbed the muffin from the display case. “These just came out of the oven so you’re getting them at the perfect time - trust me, learned that the hard way. What kind of coffee do you want? Got a lot more options than just ‘coffee,’ unless that’s what you want of course.”
“I do love your cinnamon rolls,” Steve agreed. He closed his eyes for a moment, psyching himself up as he took a deep breath. He didn’t come here to talk about his fitness routine after all. So here went nothing. “So, do you have any plans on Saturday?” he asked, trying his hardest to sound casual. “Since it’s your day off and all.” He could feel this tension in the room, like everyone inside it was holding their collective breath as soon as that question left his mouth.
“Central Park is just right there,” he gestured out the door with a spoon in his hand. “Real popular place to run, and you always come in here looking like you just worked out, so it doesn’t take a genius to put that together. ‘Course I am a genius, but that’s not the point.”
He finished his coffee and set the mug down in front of him along with a lemon poppy seed muffin (apparently Pete ate all the lemon loaf, or else he would have given him that) before he attended to the other patrons. Steve was fine with that though; he got what he came for and he knew Tony had to catch up after the holdup he caused. He’d normally feel bad that he held up the line, but as he looked at the card that Tony wrote his number on with a smile, he didn’t feel bad at all.
