"Oh! You're Sherlock!" Amy - a girl from John's physics and German classes. - grins up at Sherlock, who is considerably taller than her. "It's so nice to meet you, finally."
“Ah - no. More deliberate than that. I mentioned having a plan earlier, didn't I, before I fell asleep. I was hoping to sort of put on a... display for you when you came in.” Sherlock could picture it now: John, posing like a model in a pin-up calendar, his head resting up against the headboard, one arm above his head, the other hand teasingly touching himself through his red pants with a lazy smirk, as though he had all the time in the world, his dog tags glinting in the orange light of the sunset against his golden chest. At Sherlock's wide eyes, John blushed scarlet. “It's a bit cheesy, but between the red pants and the dog tags, and posing a little bit, I hoped that it would do it for you. Does it?”
“I have an interview today,” John mentions casually as they have breakfast, sat on the end of the sofa with Sherlock’s feet poking at his thigh.
“Right. Fair enough.” He thinks he’s hiding his disappointment well. It’s sweet, John thinks. “Well then, how about a takeaway? Anything you want, to celebrate you coming ho- coming back here.”
"One weekend I was staying at my aunt's house. My parents were on holiday. One day my Aunt got an owl and when she read the letter she started crying. It turned out that," Mary took a shallow breath, though her facial features were composed and calm, "They died. In a car crash,"
But I will continue writing this, if you want it. I'll probably get back into it. And I have a plan: don't worry, this will end happily.
Mycroft gave a bark of laughter. "As common as spam letters are nowadays, do you honestly think I'm going to believe that pathetic excuse of a lie?"
He felt a hand grab his arm, so he turned around to snap at that person, to find Mycroft there. "Oh, it's you. Don't you have some over-seas tournament to organise or a boyfriend you could be seeing?" Sherlock didn't restrain the impatience in his voice.
"Do you remember Redbeard, Sherlock?" Sherlock froze. He studied Mycroft's calm face. He couldn't read anything other than the smug pride that he had finally hit a nerve. "You were very attached to him."
"Besides, if you need someone who can understand you, I'm here. That's about all I can do in terms of a replacement- Wait. No. Not that you'd want a replacement Redbeard. He's irreplaceable, I know. That's not - ugh. Basically I'm saying - "
“I’d never thought I’d say this but you’re thinking too much,” Sherlock says gently as he passes John his tea. (What is it with the two of them and tea?) The sofa dips next to him under Sherlock’s weight as he sits down. “You don’t need to do that. You love Rosie and I have no doubt at all that you will continue to care for her as you always have done. Besides, you always have me and Mrs Hudson.”
“I know! And normally I let it slide because he did remember his lines, despite turning up to half the rehearsals. But nooooo, today he had to fucking forget! There were ten minutes of complete silence. Ten minutes!”
“I know, know. You’ve said that already. I get it now,” John grumbles. Sherlock wants to strangle him. Or let go of his waist so that he falls down the stairs and would have to make his way up himself. That would teach him. But unfortunate, he can’t bring himself to want John to hurt himself any more than he already is.
John frowned up at Sherlock for a translation. "She hopes you are feeling better." He explained, and John nodded back at Janine.
"Do you though?" John can't help but respond with a small smile. "It looks like you wouldn't be doing this experiment if you did know that your body needed sleep."
No, I shouldn’t be this miserable. It’s not good for either of us. You were upset enough this morning without me exacerbating things. Besides, I should be looking forward to uni. And I am. I’m dead excited to meet new people and to live on my own and experience the Student Life (which deserves capital letters, if the way my aunts and uncles talk about it is anything to go by). And I hope you’re going to look forward to being at uni too - Cambridge!!! You’ll be with proper intelligent people there. People who know pi to a hundred digits and have actually read To Kill a Mockingbird and didn’t just make up that they have. You’ll be bored of me within a month!
I've been practicing my deductions now to try and pass the time and calm my thoughts. The woman across from me is having her cat neutered, has 3 children and is expecting a 4th, ate a bacon sandwich for breakfast this morning and is unhappily married. The man she keeps trying to make eye contact with is actually very much happily married, an editor at a company, and is here because he's getting the puppy he's buying for his soulmate checked up. There's a young girl whose parents are both at work concerned about her guinea pig's lack of appetite.
"Right. Robert. You're also a rugby player, very dedicated. You're a swimmer too. In fact, you are training to take part in a triathlon, but you never learned to cycle as a child and your balance is too appalling for your coaches to have any kind of faith in you. You're one of the rare few who have been matched with someone so far abroad - I imagine it is your stubbornness and mildly aggressive nature that made you difficult to pair up with. However, you have been matched with a girl in Ohio, who has turned you into the lover of all things romantic, including and especially rom-coms. You favour the kind with a near death scene and a last-minute desperate confession of love."
Anyway, the point is, I have very low expectations of how this will turn out. I would be perfectly happy for you to ignore this journal completely and never write back to me again, or even for us to just be acquaintances. I would suggest friends, but very few people find the idea of a friendship with me appealing, so I see no reason to hope for an anomaly in that pattern. You can probably see why.
He changes Rosie, feeds her, burps her, then puts her in her playpen before he thinks to check up on Mary. He enters the bedroom calling her name, and isn’t surprised to find it empty, the bed neatly and clinically made, the wardrobe absent of her clothes and duffel bag for her gun.
"Definitely not. This is my space. I'm not having someone else clutter it up with... inane books, or DVDs, or empty beer cans, or kicking me out so they can bring significant others around."
“Not that you would know. I doubt you’ve met a single other fellow deity since you came down here.” Mycroft looked around with a wrinkled nose, sniffing with disgust at the sulphuric smell in the air. “I don’t know how you’ve stood it for this long.”
Sherlock exhales through his nose, his eyes closed, as though the sheer idea of sleep was torture, then says reluctantly, "as you wish."
"I don't mind." John stroked a thumb over Sherlock's hand, and Sherlock almost fell apart again at the gesture. Almost.
“Fine, try one more time,” the doctor assisting him with his physio sighed. “But then you’ll go back to bed and rest.”
"No, don't be silly. He could do with someone to talk to. I'm sure he's been ever so lonely. Hold on, I'll get him -
“A route that happens to involve you staring at this ugly building every time you passe it? A likely story,” Sherlock spat. “It doesn’t matter. Tell your boss - “ Sherlock tightened the grip on John’s arm with these words (Okay, now very turned on. And terrified.) - “That I will happily break the limbs of every jogger, every commuter, every homeless man, every lost tourist he sends out trying to keep his eye on me. You can also tell him that I’m perfectly fine and he has no reason to think about sending me back to rehab - “
Sherlock pauses to consider, his eyes narrowed at John - who is giving him an innocent, wide-eyed stare, a small smile on his lips - then sighs. “I hate that that works, but fine. For you.”
“Somehow, that’s worse,” he mutters. He keeps his eyes trained on the floor, avoiding John’s face. “I spent two years away from London - away from you - dismantling Moriarty’s network. I was tortured and beaten and left for dead more times than I can count. I can’t let that all be for nothing. I can’t let myself think I failed to protect you.”
"No I was caught up in the case of the poisoned pumpkin juice and Violet Finnley's case around that time." Sherlock frowned, a silent 'obviously' hanging in the air.
"Do you accept my apology?" Mrs Watson's eyes are wide, searching. Harry does the same thing to avoid getting into trouble. John simply shakes his head, unmoved by her attempts at sympathy
They soon get to Antonio and Sebastian’s scene. Sherlock hasn’t read Harry and Irene’s annotated version yet, but he watched some versions of the scene online: some had them be just very good friends (morons), or as a father-son relationship (god, that’s worse), but the best ones are the ones that truly don’t shy away from what Shakespeare clearly intended: in some, Antonio is experiencing unrequited love, with painfully sad and longing gazes, or flinching at the slightest bit of physical contact, or subtle imagery that would go over the heads of the casual viewer. In others, it’s requited, and intimate, with sharing beds and secret smiles and discreet public kisses before the two characters separate and the chaos increases tenfold.
Unfortunately, this was never very much time at all. Only on weekends could they go into the dorms for any resemblance of privacy. Even then, they couldn't go far afterwards without receiving some sort of comment from Greg or a quidditch teammate. The jokes quickly grew tired.
John shrugged, still looking sullen, then nodded, "yes. Fine. I don't understand why it's necessary, but sure."
"I left in a rush that night. I should have stayed. You were drunk. And Merlin knows what state you were in when you woke up."
John wondered often why it was they weren't together in this timeline. They got together that first night, after the club, with the promise of more the next morning - more meet-ups, more dinners, more nights in each other's company. Sherlock had given him his number, for Christ's sake.
John stokes the fire - it’s cold for March, after all, and it’s an old building - as Sherlock returns with the food then goes into the kitchen to get drinks. John turns around just as he comes back with a bottle of wine in one hand and two glasses in another.
"Very nice, Sherlock." A voice said from the door, causing the bow to leave the strings with a sharp squeak half way through the note. "Is it a new piece?"
John plucks up the courage to ask Sherlock more about his love life at their fourteenth meeting over a game of operation.
"Not dinner. Not hungry. However," he adds, with a smirk, "I do know an excellent coffee shop nearby. The barista is excellent."
“Not necessarily. Maybe I would simply prefer a normal, relaxing bath, free of disturbances. Or bodily fluids.” Sherlock wrinkles his nose at the thought and John has to laugh. Oh, the hypocrisy.
Sherlock groans and picks up three cards - in his hand is an entire fan of what must be at least fifteen cards, splayed out and drastically bigger in comparison to the small hand of three in John's hand. This means John is winning, he remembers correctly. "Okay, now I do. Seriously, again?"
I'm not going to tell you what my middle name is. I find it a bit embarrassing personally. But, I suppose you have the right to know. If you can guess it! Don't worry, I'll give you a clue.
"What are you implying, Donovan?" Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. "Surely you aren't still offended from me noticing the obvious fact that - "
"You're friends with that detective boy. The one who helped that Auror catch a dark Wizard last year."
"Why?" Sherlock tilted his head. "I drunk the alcohol, I offended him with my deductions. Victor didn't do anything."
"Shot in the shoulder. 38 calibre bullet. Managed to avoid any major arteries but there was some shrapnel and your bone was slightly fractured."
The card was plain, with just a moving picture of various brooms (John realised, in that moment, that he needed a knew hobby) zooming around the front, and thankfully not the unspeakably sickly-sweet kind of card that John's previous ex-girlfriends had been prone to getting him after a quidditch injury.
They heard Mcgonagall clear her throat behind her, a signal for Sherlock to leave. Sherlock sighed and gave John one last kiss before leaving. “See you on the other side of the maze, I guess.” John called as Sherlock passed through the doorway. He smiled and nodded in response.
"Welcome everyone, to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." Mcgonagall spoke in a voice which seemed to command, and  welcome, the room at once. "My name is Professor Mcgonagall and I am headmistress of Hogwarts. I would like to say a few words. First of all, Mr Filch has announced his retirement for the end of the year." The room erupted into cheers and applause. Even Mcgonagall had a sly smile of relief on her face. "I'm sure we all wish him - and Mrs Norris - the best of luck in their years to come. However retirement has not stopped Mr Filch from reminding all first years to not go into the forbidden forest, and everyone to not go to the right door on the third floor. I have more announcements to make, but for now, let's enjoy the delicious meals our chefs have cooked."
He recognised it immediately as a dementor. But his mind was frozen for several seconds as the dementor floated towards him and instantaneously he was paralysed, frozen and helpless and unable to think about what to do. Then he pointed his wand at the creature, shouted "expecto Patronum!" and the dementor flew out of the maze in a flash of white light. John let out a relieved breath then continued walking.
The first years gathered at the front and Flitwick stood on a box next to an old, pointed, black, Wizards' hat - the sorting hat.
“Yeah. His brother's soulmate went through pretty much the same thing, so he knows what to do. But it’s my
Sherlock grinned. He looked up at John, and saw with delight that John had the same shocked and happy facial expression as he walked up to the front. Mcgonagall seemed just as happy and, dare he say, relieved of the goblet's choice. He supposed that Mcgonagall was a Gryffindor and favoured her house (though she tried not to be obvious) and Merlin knows that John is one of the better ones: modest, funny, not arrogant, not annoying.
Many hours later, long after the food was cleared away, they were still sitting and chatting without pause, sipping on their drinks (water for both. John needed to sober up after drinking the same glass of whiskey twice), the restaurant kept open just for those two. John could only assume that it was out of the favour Angelo owed Sherlock they were allowed to stay there for so long. Even so, John didn’t want to push his luck. As he was laughing at another one of Sherlock’s anecdotes (a failed chemistry experiment from when he was ten), he made a show of looking at his watch and widening his eyes.
"Well, it's not necessarily entertaining. I often end up insulting someone and accidentally unveiling some kind of scandal."
If anyone's confused about the ending or wanting more, essentially the basic plot of BBC Sherlock will follow in the hypothetical sequel, except with less pining and no season 4 nonsense.
He reached the doors to the infirmary then checked his watch. 11:58. Good timing. He pressed the door with his hand, and as expected, it opened without resistance. If Madam Pomfrey had locked the doors at one point, it certainly wasn't now. He cautiously entered the room, the door groaning excruciatingly as he entered. The room was lighted gloomily with a couple of lamps and the streams of moonlight coming through the large windows. His heart hammering away at his chest, Sherlock put away his wand into his trouser pocket and turned towards John's bed. For reassurance. Except, the bed was empty. Sherlock's breath caught in his throat, cursing his own stupidity. What else should he expect from being told that John's attacker would be in the infirmary?
The players went up to either John or Sherlock for their instrument to be checked. John, not being familiar with instruments, looked over and followed Sherlock's lead. He checked inside the instrument, around it, in each individual piece, as well as the case for any false bottoms or hidden compartments. He then made the player play a note of the instrument, loudly, in the guise of checking its tuning. Each time the note came out perfectly, without any sign of the darts from before. It got to the point where John started to doubt the purpose of this exercise and Sherlock's theory.
"Merlin, no. Sherlock and I have faced much more dangerous things on cases. One time the giant squid in the lake grabbed him and dragged him into the lake - I had to swim after him." John chuckled at the memory. "And once, for a case, we had a duel with this girl who had stolen pictures of... I can't say who, but it was a dangerous case. One of our favourites."
“Oi, piss off, we’re not all world-class detectives. I just figured if a beautiful woman can get into a bath with you - y’know,
"Yeah you did a bit." John was now sitting straight up against the pile of pillows and clutching his side, grimacing. "Just...don't put your hand anywhere near there."
At the bottom of the staircase, near the Great Hall, Mary and Victor stood chatting together. John came down to greet Mary first.
I hope you don't mind me asking, but what do you look like? Is that a creepy question? It seems creepy. Sorry. I just want to put a face to a name. For the record, I'm short (5'7. My own sister is taller than me) and I have sort of dirty blonde hair and dark blue eyes. It would be easier if these journals came with a fax machine to send you a picture rather than making me describe myself like when we'd study French in year 7. I'll see if I can ask those magic lovers-turned-trees to upgrade.
Before I forget, deleting is essentially purposely forgetting things to make room for better, more useful information. Like on a computer. I'd have thought that was obvious from the context, but perhaps not.
We haven't visited any museums but father is keen on seeing a cathedral nearby. I can't remember what he said was so interesting about it and nor do I want to. I've found that if he wants to start talking history I have no choice but to block it from my mind, for the sake of my will to live. But so far on holiday, we've done little except stay near the villa. I'm perfectly content to stay here for as long as possible, and not go to any historic towns or cathedrals or anything else outside. And no, I don't plan on eating any snails. Father has tried to convince me to try one and get over my 'fussy eating'. Frankly, I don't see anything abnormally fussy about not wanting to eat garlic covered slime.
Also, don't worry, I will skip ahead to the meeting at one point - possibly next chapter, possibly after a few more letters if you want - rather than making you wait 26 more chapters.
Mcgonagall led the champions and their headteachers to a space under the bleachers in the quidditch field. the July evening air was cool and breezed, though his Champion uniform protected him somewhat against the cold air that was expected of Scotland, even in the summer. The crowds were cheering and talking excitedly as they waited for the champions to arrive, the sound almost deafening. John peeked through the gap in the yellow canvas and saw a glimpse of the huge maze standing in the quidditch fields. It was tall, tall enough that John couldn't even see the top of it, and lit up by lamps, giving it an ominous shadow. From where he was standing, the maze looked empty, almost completely abandoned, but he knew that it would be filled with mystical creatures and sentient plants, designed to test his strength and wit. Not to mention the constant dead ends, the twists and turns that would come at every corner, taking him further and further away from the prize, from ending this damned tournament. John's heart leaped into his throat.
"I don't know. But try and get the boyfriend down for questioning. Family members, friends if she has any. John and I will pop down to the morgue."
“Seriously, Sherlock,” John sighs, too exhausted to have any bite behind his words. “I’m fine. I can handle holding my own daughter for a little while.”
Sherlock is still asleep, curled up, practically contorted in his chair in a position that makes John wince in sympathy. He imagines that he has been here all night, or for however long he has been asleep for, pacing the waiting room floor then claiming his territory in the chair next to John, refusing to move.
Sherlock manages to win most rounds. His extensive science vocabulary gives him a distinct advantage over John ("yes, xenolith is a real word!") By the fourth, John's exhaustion hits like a brick wall, and he is blinking rapidly to keep himself from falling asleep then and there in his chair. Fortunately, Sherlock notices. "I've got everything I need now. You can go home, John."
"Never." John smiled truthfully. A strange look passed over Sherlock's face, but it was gone and replaced with a serious 'I'm concentrating and very clever' face before John could identify it.
"Yeah. Unfortunately my day wasn't nearly as interesting. Trelawney predicted some stuff about me, but it's probably all bullshit."
He thought back to sitting on his stool, feeling miserable and sorry for himself, before Sherlock Holmes approached him, before he opened his mouth and drew John into the most interesting conversation of his life.
"Leave it, Phillip, you're not helping." Donovan muttered. She then turned to glare at Sherlock. "As I was saying, I know where you two were."
"See? Nothing to worry about." John kissed him again, this time just behind his ear, making him shiver and his lips twitch into a reluctant smile. "For either of us."
"Of course not. Just involved." Mycroft stood up and looked down at Sherlock. The height difference wasn't nearly as big as Mycroft made it seem. "Don't get anymore involved, Brother Dear." Sherlock winced. "It will only end in tears."
Sherlock watched anxiously as McGonagall, Karlssen and Maxine disapparated into the maze, to where the sparks came from. He and the rest of the audience were on the edge of their seats, as though leaning further in would give them an advantage in seeing into the colossal maze.
John was pressing into Sherlock and the bark in the tree pressed into his back, which would have hurt, except Sherlock was too focused on the way John was kissing his jawline and the pulse point on his neck and the way his knee was pressed between Sherlock's thighs. He was completely intoxicated...
Sherlock has disappeared into his room to call Mycroft, leaving John with a shell-shocked Joseph. He has no idea how to proceed, whether he should tell Joseph the truth or just send him on his merry way.
“Just a couple of things I’ve collected over the years. Cases, photos and the like.” John scoots over next to Sherlock so he can look at it over his shoulder. “Nowadays I’m doing the obnoxious parent thing of taking a picture of my kid every five minutes for it.”
John speaks again, quieter. “I need you here with me. Far more than I need Mary back. I would sooner have her gone and you here safe with me than you injured or dead and her back here.”
"I think it's more to do with Watsons being lazy bastards not wanting to help people with their problems than anything," John chuckled half-heartedly. "But I - I saw how distraught you were when you saw those kids. And I was distraught too. They didn't have to die. So, I decided to let you help me prevent their deaths."
"I didn't exactly have a reason to smile at the time. It was my cousin's wedding, I was surrounded by idiotic and irritating family members who all wanted to ask about you - you hadn't written back at the time - and I was forced to wear a tie."
“Well, I’ve now made icing with icing sugar and water and eaten it with a spoon. Twice. I can now tick that off the bucket list.”
“Yes, I thought so,” Sherlock said this as though John had just confirmed a minor rule detail on Monopoly, not as though they just talked about blowjobs. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Ever the British man, John Watson.”
“Well, you always have me to talk to, if you want solidarity. And your friends. You’ve already spoken to Liam.”
a bit behind. My space bar stopped working, but I now have a solution: copying and pasting spaces between words. It’s a tad slower but works well enough. Pro tip!
He makes breakfast for himself and plays with Rosie as he waits. In the half hour or so before Sherlock arrives, as Rosie giggles to herself obliviously, that’s when the panic finally settles in, seizing in his throat like ice.
Baby Watson is born two weeks later, at 7:50 in the morning, six pounds and four ounces, and she is the most beautiful thing in the world.
“It’s the read through today,” Harry cuts across Irene when she looks on the verge of exploding. “Do you at least remember your lines? I’m told you have an amazing memory.” She smirks pointedly at John, who glares daggers back.
"Nah. You're her godfather, I think you're important enough to be in this. Here." He picks Rosie up, who cries a little in protest of her play being interrupted then calms down once placed in Sherlock's arms. John gets out his phone and opens up the camera.
Sherlock freezes, blinking in surprise at John’s casual admission. John himself stares back, defiant, challenging, chin up, still smiling.
“Happy Valentines’ day, Sherlock,” John greets him with a smile when Sherlock comes out of his room. Good mood. No nightmares. He’s even cooking breakfast, if the smell of pancakes is any indicator.
“Doesn’t matter. No one could give a toss about it,” Harry grumbled into her coffee. “Don’t speak so loud. I’m hungover.”
With one last glare at John, Sherlock sat in front of Janine, who gave Sherlock a smile. He ignored her and listened to Mary and John's conversation.
“You didn’t get the job,” Sherlock observes as soon as he enters the flat, his eyes still on his microscope.
"I'm worried about him. He's probably tired and hungry. I don't understand how he could have gone missing. There's only so many places he can go and he's not in any of them. What if he - what if - "
My parents are currently debating whether I should get a job too - as though they're the ones who will be affected by that decision. Dad thinks it will be good experience and help my 'people skills'. Mummy thinks it's a waste of time and I should be focusing on preparing for a-levels and, eventually, university. No prizes for guessing whose side I'm on...
“Now here I am,” Sherlock sighs, “Thousands of years later, stuck in the underworld, with no one but the souls of the dead and a three-headed dog for company, really, really, fucking bored.”
John grins up at him as he puts down a card on the ever-growing pile that's facing up, lying on his stomach on the living room rug. "No, you don't."
The castle was asleep. As Sherlock tread carefully down each hallway, the only sounds of life to be heard were the paintings' gentle snoring and the cautious tapping of Sherlock shoes falling against the stone tiles of the castle floors. He held his lit wand out in front of him, his ears twitching with every sound, mentally reassuring himself that if a teacher was to come, he'd excuse it by saying that he was sleep-walking. They couldn't tell him off for that. Not after the trauma of his boyfriend currently being in a coma after being stabbed.
Marco Roberto Alfonsi - aged 34, nephew of Lorenzo Alfonsi, the head of the Alfonsi Mafia family and underling of Moriarty - is currently lying asleep beside Sherlock, dead to the world. Exactly as planned.
John finds a spare suit and puts it on, while Sherlock continues to look around, ignoring Lestrade's instruction. "Aren't you going to put one on?" he asks. The scowl he receives in return suggests that that was a stupid question. As if there is any chance of him leaving behind any strands of hair or fingerprints or skin cells anywhere, as a normal human being would.
At night, when neither Sherlock nor John had the company or the work or the sounds of life in the castle to distract them, the silence and loneliness would settle and memories would come back in tidal waves. Nightmares, flashbacks, images plagued them both. But it eased slightly when Sherlock took to sneaking into the Gryffindor dorm rooms and into John's bed, where they would do nothing except hold each other close and breathe in each other's presence. If one woke up screaming or sobbing or unable to breathe the other was there to whisper words of comfort and rub slow circles into his back until they both calmed down enough to fall asleep again. The staff and students apparently turned a blind eye to this, even if it violated a couple of rules.
And thanks for that slightly terrifying warning about your brother, by the way. I certainly don't plan on doing anything that would make him want to break any limbs, legs or otherwise.
"Thanks." John rolled his eyes. "Where were you? Why have you got your coat on?" He gestured to Sherlock's long, expensive looking coat and the blue scarf wrapped around his neck. Sherlock had worn this signature outfit as long as John could remember, even in first year.
"Oh yes. Don't worry, though. He doesn't talk much anyway. Always up in his room studying or doing experiment."
Looking around the room, he saw that everyone else's bed was empty, unmade. So everyone was having breakfast. Breakfast. His stomach twisted at the thought. He attempted to sit up, ignoring the sickening swaying of the room, then massaging the point of his forehead where the migraine was considerably worse, he stood up slowly, bedposts for support.
"Then you reunite with her and continue to live out a life of domestic bliss, I imagine," Sherlock replies softly. He’s shirtless, naked save for pyjama bottoms, his wound dressed in clean, white bandages, leaning up against the pillows on his bed. He has never looked so vulnerable and John's chest aches in something akin to sympathy but more like longing.
"Nope. No. No buts. You can break up with me if you don't like me any more. If you honestly think we /both/ will be better off without the other. But not because of some stupid hero complex you have." John stroked back a lock of Sherlock's hair. "Is that a reason why you didn't want to go to school? So we wouldn't have to be together?"
“Sentimental?” Sherlock suggests with a smile. “It’s fine, John. You’re allowed to be, today of all days.”
“Let’s go out tonight.” Sherlock suggests as he looks up from his microscope in the kitchen, a harmless experiment free of toxic chemicals and body parts. He made sure to get rid of everything or hand them back over to Barts in the week before John moved back in.
Sherlock was one of the first students to arrive. He sat down at the second desk from the front - so that neither he nor John would be picked on while still avoiding the imbeciles at the back - and only waited two minutes before John sat next to him.
“Oh relax, this man couldn’t tell your brother anything if he tried. He’s like a deer in the headlights, look at him. And I’ve seen fifteen-year-old girls with more height than him.”
. But then John shakes his head as he separates himself from the other boy. “Nope. Won’t work. Two pounds ten, please.”
"This is a recent invention of the Ministry of Magic's - using Muggle genetic modification techniques to blend together a regular reptile, a Boggart and an Acromantula to produce this: Araneae cogitatione legendis. Or, to give it its common name: the Milverssen."
"I know - I know. But I promise everything will be explained the moment the nurse says you're in a stable enough condition to hear it. Now, how about some chocolate frogs, eh?"
“Twenty…” it comes out as a faint whisper. The man loses patience. He roughly grabs Sherlock’s hair and pulls him up to his knees. Right where Sherlock wants him.
John stops paying attention at that point and Irene’s rambling fades into white noise. He uses the stillness and silence of the room to try and look around to see if he can spot the familiar mop of curls, or the displeased scowl that indicated he would really rather be anywhere but here that he’s come to associate with his lectures. But he doesn’t seem to be anywhere in the room. John’s heart sinks and his mind races - Is he sick? Has he quit? Will John have to work with some second-rate Antonio who doesn’t even correct professors or has subpar cheekbones???
“Oh yes, he’s just in our room getting changed. You know how muddy he gets after cricket and he wants to look nice for our guest.”
She didn't wander for long through the forest, holding her wand out in front of her under a 'lumos' spell, before she found Moriarty standing casually in his suit, his greased back hair shining under the moonlight and her wand's light. He was smiling wickedly. Mary - Alissia, even, if she was going to do this she'd have to accept her true identity - stared right back at him.
"Come now, you're too quick to come to the defence of people in the medical profession to be otherwise. And you saw my notebook. You know I recognised you as a soldier earlier."
"Right. Of course," he grins. "Well then. I'd better leave you to it. But seriously though, as a medical professional -
"I'm on a night shift tomorrow, and then there's a two-day window until my next shift where I'll try and catch up on the sleep I lost. Let me know a time that is best for your experiment."
"You know, I'm starting to think that Soulmate Day should come round more often, if it means you wearing that more often," Sherlock says lightly. He collapses onto the sofa, his feet resting on John's thighs, while his head rests on the arm.
He assumed that they were saying goodbye for the holidays, but then Mary got on a carriage with John. Were exchange students even allowed to go to Hogwarts students houses? He stared as the carriage rolled away.
Fourth came someone's screams. It could have been Sherlock. He couldn't tell. All he could feel was the sense that he was falling, falling, falling into a pit of helplessness.
“Anderson?!” Sherlock splutters. “That incompetent fool? He’s a minor deity at best. The place will be in chaos within a day!”
When asked whether he entered for the publicity or attention of any particular person, he blushed. "No. This was purely for me. But I suppose it would help my... chances." Could it be that a certain fellow-student has caught the young Gryffindor's eye?
"Not that you need that much time to show Sherlock around this place," Mr Watson mutters. "You basically live in a palace, right Sherlock?"
"God, I know. What sort of sadistic person would possibly expect you to leave a villa which you don't technically own?"
"Now why would I do that?" Mycroft smiled, with a tinge of repressed bitterness as he sat down next to Lestrade and opposite John. "Good morning, John. Gregory."
He looks up from his phone. A nurse stands in front of him - late-thirties, father of two, regretting being at work at such early hours of the morning - and gives him a look of concern. A million scenarios immediately overwhelm him - John's dead, John pulled through, John's asking for you, John doesn't remember you, John knows you shot his wife. "Your friend is out of surgery," he says in English, and Sherlock's heart jumps. "It went well, with no complications. However, he's still fast asleep and won't wake up for another six hours. I suggest you find a hotel room and sleep if you can. You've been here quite a while."
"As Sebastian Moran is in first place with 51 points," Mcgonagall paused as the Durmstrang audience cheered, "he will have a thirty second advantage and enter the maze upon the first whistle. Janine Hawkins," the Beuxbatons whooped, "will enter next, as she has 50 points. Then John Watson, with 47 points, will follow on the last whistle.
"Janine and I do have pretty good tutors." John looked over at Janine. Mary translated into her ear, then Janine nodded.
"It came to mind first, as you said." Sherlock quickly stands up. "Time to call it an evening I think."
Irene: So I’ve met his sister recently because she goes to the same lectures on Shakespearean comedies as me.
“I’m kept busy by the work, you know that. And Redbeard here is three times the company any other companion could offer me.” Redbeard barks at the sound of his own name, and wags his tail as Sherlock scratches behind his second right ear. “I’m perfectly sane and happy as things are.”
"Boys, please." Mrs Watson interrupts impatiently. "Look, I think you both need some time to think this through. You'd better go outside John. Take Sherlock with you. Get some fresh air - "
Sherlock sighed loudly. “Look, she has all her jewellery cleaned except for her ring, which is around ten years old, state of her marriage right there. The inside of the ring is cleaned, polished from being removed regularly, so she has a string of lovers. Not just one, there’ no way she’d be able to keep up the persona of being single for so long, so there are multiple. Her collar is wet, so she had it turned up against the wind and rain, but it was too windy for her umbrella. There are mud splatters on her leg from dragging the suitcase – “ he gestured at the body – “ and it shows the size of the suitcase there. She was staying overnight somewhere. And where in the last twenty four hours has it been raining? Cardiff.” He showed the screen of his phone to the room, hearing John cry out some form of praise, then started talking again.
Sherlock shook his head. John sighed. "You deduced it on the train on the way here. You know: pink gel pen, feminine writing, I wasn't so keen on her."
Self-sabotage turns out unnecessary. The job goes to some young nephew of the head of the clinic who has barely graduated medical school. He’s fairly relieved, if a little worried for his future patients.
When John doesn't approach her of his own accord, Mary comes to him the next day at lunch with a bright smile. Everything about her was bright and blinding and luminescent: green shirt, blonde hair, blue eyes, white teeth. Like the sun. "Hi, I don't believe we've been introduced properly. I'm Mary," she says as she holds her hand out. It’s entirely unremarkable: small, soft, nails neatly and practically trimmed.
“Well, it’s not as if it’s the end of the world if you don’t win.” Sherlock said. “Unless your pride really is that fragile...”
"He just...left. He seemed confused. A bit angry. Shocked, mainly. I don't know." Sherlock sat on the bed, holding his head in his hands. He felt the bed creak as Molly sat beside him.
"Will they be sitting together every day?" Sherlock looked over his shoulder at John and Mary. They were laughing with Molly over something Lestrade had said, and their arms were close together and hidden by the table, obviously holding hands. "Can't they separate for just one second?"
Sherlock’s smile fell for the second time that evening, but he nodded, feigning carelessness. (John in equal parts wanted to pull him in for a hug and punch anyone who dared to insult Sherlock before then. Including himself, as a result of his first fuck up, but such is the way life is when you have experienced a million scenarios with a million embarrassing mistakes.) “You can probably see why I don’t date, can’t you?”
Mycroft ended up answering the riddle to the dorm for Sherlock before he could, without him asking. Perhaps it was for the best. Sherlock's head was whirring, spinning full of information and thoughts and flashes of everything that happened - a chaotic plethora of emotions. He couldn't hear the riddle, let alone understand it. He couldn't identify if he was numb, a brick wall to the world around him, or too acutely aware of everything around
As well as this being my birthday - why you came round to visit - a year ago today, I wrote to you for the very first time. I was sceptical about the soulmate system and had absolutely no faith in it. I wrote about murder, for god's sake, and yet, you still wrote back. Because of that, the day deserves acknowledgement. Both days really - the day that despite my stubborn determination to not let myself be deceived into sentimental attachment, I wrote to a complete stranger, and also the day you wrote back (April 10th) and gave me the tiniest hope that, maybe, I could like and be liked in return. Love didn't even seem a possibility to me then.
Despite Sherlock’s best attempts to make crime fighting seem as unappetising and dull as possible, there are times where he wishes that he wasn’t at work or at home, looking after Rosie, but instead, out there still. Chasing jewel thieves and serial killers, like in the days before… No, he loves his life now. He loves Rosie. He loves his wife.
Mycroft's mouth opened, then paused, and stood up. Sherlock let out a shaky breath, and averted his eyes to John. "They'll be here. Tonight. With John. There's nothing I can do about it."
"It's quite alright. I'm not one to discourage curiosity," he says, his words quick and almost slurred together from the sheer speed they're spoken with. He takes his seat, and as John is about to walk away, he speaks again, "What did you think of it?"
"Yes, because people have such a long history of always doing things for their own good," Sherlock replied snarkily. "See to it that they do stay. Take any precautions necessary. Blackmail the staff, if needs be"
"A lot can happen in ten hours. In fact, it only takes a split second, doesn't it? The pull of the trigger, the bullet flying through the air before it reaches its target." Mary grins. John feels nauseous. "I had no reason to keep him around. He brought you here like I predicted - he was properly starting to become in your blog by the time I left, so I imagined he had grown into quite the fan, at least enough to need your help when he started to see me all over again. After that, he was a liability who knew my secret. He had to go." She's speaking without remorse or empathy, as casually as if giving out a recipe for cupcakes, and not discussing the death of a man she was once married to, who had a fiancée who is most likely starting to feel the keen sting of fresh grief, if the shock hasn't faded yet.
John can name a large number of things more scientific than kids' board games. He glances down at his left hand, which is still for now, but tremors occur erratically, unpredictably, no matter how much sleep he had. Sherlock speaks softly over his thoughts. "Your tremor is accounted for. There are other tests, ones where brain activity is far more important than the capabilities of your hand.
“Sorry, Irene.” John mutters, slightly intimidated, as the majority of the people are. Sherlock simply smirks next to him, carefree and unaffected by Irene’s anger.
"Fun? People are lying dead." Sherlock shrugs with one shoulder. John sighs as he tries to reason with Sherlock and himself. He's much more tempted than he should be to be able to have such an opportunity; though he's no longer as bored and discontent as he was six weeks ago, there's only so many times a man can play chess before he starts to want to tear his eyes out. "I'm no detective, Sherlock. I'll be useless no matter how much sleep I got."
Harry: Great, I’ll let you know when we start rehearsing. Make sure to bring a couple of friends with you if you can.
Sherlock makes a whine in protest, but blows into the balloon anyway, ties the knot at the end and throws it away lazily, watching it float towards the collection of pink and purple and red and white balloons covering the floor around the hall. The same colour scheme hangs in banners around the room, the paper chains, the tablecloth which would later be covered in buffet food. Judging from the way Sherlock wrinkled his nose when they first got the decorations out of the boxes, this is a colour scheme he will grow very sick of, very quickly, if, indeed, he hasn't already.
He pauses, as though awaiting a response. He wonders what Sherlock would say if he were actually here; probably something dismissive and insulting. Perhaps he’d sulk that John hasn’t waited long enough to fully mourn his death before moving on. John would give anything to hear whatever he’d have to say. He settles for silence. He shouldn’t expect anything less from a headstone as a conversation partner.
The carriage had barely flown out of sight before, from the very centre of the lake, a mast appeared from the middle of the lake. John nudged Sherlock and pointed to it as it grew and grew until it became a ship. (In hindsight, John realised that the ship was just emerging from underwater, and that he probably should have had more sleep the night before.).
She walks in on her first day of work soaking wet, her blonde hair turned dark from the heavy rain and laughing as she shakes out her umbrella indoors. "This is rather ominous for the first day of work, isn't it?" She jokes, white teeth on show. The other doctors and nurses laugh with her and introduce themselves, welcoming her to 'the clinic family'. (Complete bullshit.) John pays her no interest. New nurses are always coming and going, after all, when NHS salary turns out to not be enough and maternity leave takes priority. He feels her eyes bore into the back of his head as he sits, unresponsive, and going through paperwork, sticking out like a sore thumb among the rest of the staff who have already fallen for her charms.
John quickly ushered him out of the living room and into his bedroom, deciding to postpone seeing the rest of the flat for now. "Are you alright?" He asks quietly as he locks the door.
We are delighted to grant you a place at Kings College, Cambridge University, to study Natural Sciences.
P.S This probably seems like a stupid question but is Sherlock a girl’s or a boy’s name? I’ve never met a Sherlock before. I don’t mind either way.
"You mean Mary?" Janine's tear stained face contorted into a scowl and she sniffed. "Couldn't care less about her. Her parents were Death Eaters and she's gone to work for a criminal. I'd rather just forget about her."
John hopped onto the train and walked through the corridor, dragging his suitcase behind him. He looked through one, two, three, four compartments until he found the one he was looking for. Or at least, the person in it.
Even after typing out the words, confronting them on his glaring screen as he hits send, it doesn't seem real. He's sat in the Salzburg hospital waiting room - has been for hours now - as doctors and surgeons poke and prod at John to remove the bullet that Mary planted there. Sherlock doesn't trust them with John's life any more than he can trust himself.
They wait a few moments in silence, watching out of the window for any sign of movement. So far there is none, with no one even entering the coffee shop as a customer. Eventually, Sherlock speaks. "By the way, I have something of yours here you might want."
They continued duelling for several minutes, as Sherlock felt himself lagging and becoming more and more breathless, while Mary and Moran continued with effortless, well trained offensives. In fact, Moriarty had completely stopped fighting, allowing his two henchmen (henchpeople?) to do the dirty work for him as he watched, shark-like.
"What do you suggest - I sit back and just let  everything happen? Wait for the killer to reveal himself?"
But now, with only ten minutes to get to the other side of London, John is reluctant to leave. He has Rosie in his arms still, instructing Mrs Hudson on her routine, how to get her asleep if they end up staying out that late.
"Oh, fine, I'll sit with the audience," he hissed. "But next time I'd better have something more interesting to do."
“You really need more faith in me. And you need to stop crossing things out. You did in the last letter too. Who knows what important things I’m missing out on?”
Angelo scribbled down their orders before leaving John and Sherlock alone. John spoke first. “So. What is it you do exactly for a living? Lawyer? Detective?”
"Just forget all about it." Mary shrugged (her hand was still on John's and Sherlock was still uncomfortable), "I believe in fresh starts. And I think it will be nice for us," her voice changed and Sherlock's fist clenched at the added seduction and sweetness in her voice, "To renew everything."
“I’m not swooning or crying. You haven’t dropped the phone in shock and instantly run off to the train station, fuelled only by the exciting revelation and your determination to see me, so you can run into my arms and kiss me and sweep me off my feet - “
"Getting fresh air? Yeah, me too." She leans against the wall and takes out a cigarette from her pocket. "It got a bit stifling in there."
My family and I are going up to Scotland soon. My dad’s family live up there, so we’ll be staying up there for a week. It’s not exactly France (so jealous you get to go there, by the way. And no, I can’t go with you. Because I’ll be in Scotland at the same time. And it’s your /family/ holiday. I’d just be intruding.) but it’s fun. I’ll get to see my cousins again, which I hardly ever get to do, and I can eat fried mars bars without anyone judging me. Like I know you are now. Stop pulling that face, Sherlock. I mean it.
"It's fine, John. You don't need my permission to text your wife. Even during movie night. Just as much as you don't need her permission to come here." He frowns. "Did she know you were here? Should you even be here, with how far along she is?"
"I don't know. Are you going to make me?" John challenged, raising an eyebrow cheekily and purposefully rolling his hips up to meet Sherlock's, who then bit back a noise at the back of his throat.
Speaking of where we live, I've taken the liberty of sending a picture of myself to your address (which I found by asking my brother. He works in the government and has access to a lot of useful information. There were too many potential Watsons living in London for me to use any other means). I decided it was somewhat easier than giving a vague, pointless description. You want a face to a name, and I'm sure both of us would rather you had an accurate image. You should receive it in a few days. If you wish to reciprocate with a picture of yourself, I won't mind.
"Hello, boys!" Sherlock's breath caught in his throat and he felt the blood drain from his face. He turned towards Moriarty, who showed no sign of ever leaving in the first place. "Goodness. Two Holmes brothers for the price of one! Mycroft!" Moriarty smiled. "I have been watching you too. Just a tad."
"If it is to impress someone, then it's not your girlfriend, is it. You don't care about her opinion of whether you win or lose." Stop it, stop it, stop it. John could feel the audience leaning towards them. His hands sweated nervously, as he gripped onto his wand tighter. "No. It's a boy's opinion you care about: your best friend's. Sherlock Holmes. Your in love with him."
"What? Oh, I don't know. Probably a healer in the wizarding world but my mum wants me to take a muggle course in basic medical care..."
Their hands stopped glowing and they finally let go. Alissia's wrist was aching from Moriarty's snake-like grip, so she rubbed it with her other hand, staring straight at Moriarty. He nodded approvingly.
The Beaubatons and Durmstrangs left quickly and quietly on a cloudy day at the end of the month. The students were allowed to say their goodbyes, and around John were hundreds of students saying goodbye tearfully and exchanging addresses. Among those were Janine and Sherlock. Well, Janine more so than Sherlock. John hung back awkwardly and watched them talk in rapid French, wishing he could understand them.
I haven’t told my family about us yet, and I’d like you to be there when I do. Not just for moral support (though I think I will need it quite a bit). But I also want them to see what an intelligent, brilliant person you are. I’ve told them about you but I feel like words can only tell half the story. You’re a bit indescribable really. In a good way.
"Don't know. Maybe. I know you'd be good at the sympathy and the hugging and the smiling. And you're my friend."
John wondered if he ever loved her, and if he would have now had they stayed in contact the past few months.
"Literally everything about you." Sherlock has been distracted from the moment he arrived at the train station, practically speedwalking to the hall and refusing a coffee break or any time to catch up. When John got out the boxes of decorations and opened them, despite any initial protestations, he had hurriedly helped, focused only on the task in front of him, working with immaculate detail. As though the party would come sooner and be done with if he finished early. Or maybe as a distraction - John couldn't tell.
"Well, you too. It would have been easier for you to ask than to try all eleven numbers in the phone book that correspond to a Holmes living in Sussex."
"Call the police," John tells Sherlock. He only receives silence in response and a wide-eyed stare of shock and amazement and...desire? No time for that now. "Now, Sherlock!"
Sherlock glared at Mycroft's back as he left the room. When the door closed, he picked up his violin again and played the same mournful tune, calming his erratic heartbeat.
In terms of what happened before you left, it's fine, you know. It's honestly all fine. It wasn't unwelcome at all, I probably just froze up a bit in surprise. We could try and forget about it if you really want but honestly, I haven't been able to think about much else since. I just have to know one thing - did you do it because you wanted to? Or because you felt like you had to? I hope you wanted to. I wanted to do that too pretty much the entire day.
"Oh - okay. Right. So, Amy first, as you asked. You're pursuing a career in photography, but your parents want you to become a lawyer, despite your English and history grades clearly showing that you lack the academic discipline required to study law. You met everyone here in your first year of secondary school, having moved here from Birmingham. You have a tendency to speak loudly, and have been kicked out of class two - no, three - times because of it. Some people think that this is to cover up your insecurity about your height - what are you, four foot ten? - when actually it's due to the loud volume you listen to music with causing damage to your hearing. I highly suggest you get that checked out before it worsens and you have to resort to sign language and lip reading."
The first exam came on the 31st of May: charms. John and Sherlock sat at opposite ends of the hall, with the other hundred students in their year in alphabetical order for an hour and a half, the clock ticking painfully ahead of them. He sat and stared at the paper; it was 10 questions long, the last three meant to earn a large percentage of the paper by writing long paragraphs explaining the effects of certain spells and the actual origins of the names (Latin. Always some form of Latin) and who invented the spell. The others were  just naming spells and stating their affects simply. After the first four questions, John looked over at Sherlock, who was sat in front of Molly, and tried to make eye contact with him, for the sake of something to do (not wise, in retrospect. Not enough time.) But Sherlock was busy scribbling down with such ferocity that he didn't look up from the page, like he was running out of time. John actually checked the great clock at the front of the hall to make sure that there was enough time for him to finish.
"Well, someone's feeling cocky," He chuckles. "Go on then, tell us something clever. Tell us about...planets or some shit. You're a scientist, aren't you?"
"She's well known for exaggerating details. Good for publicity, not so much for accuracy. I suppose this Kiara Singh took inspiration from her."
Sherlock walked over to John and stood in front of him, "Well, I would very much like it," Sherlock said quietly, "if you could stay in my work, and my life, for as long as possible after we leave."
So he focused his thoughts on Mary entirely. He texted Sherlock still, as normal, and sent him his Christmas present - a World's Greatest Tutor mug, as a thank you for his help with the tournament ("don't go quitting on me, mind," John had joked in the letter attached to it, "The next one isn't too far away and I am completely unprepared for it."). But mainly, his thoughts stayed on Mary.
Harry: How dare you accuse me of such a thing. When have I ever done something for you to believe me capable of such treachery
The next minute, Sherlock was out of his chair, kneeling in front of John’s and kissing him. It was little more than a closed-mouth press of lips, one that lasted mere seconds, but John was still stunned by it, his lips tingling when they broke apart as he stared at Sherlock, who was equally staring back, challenging him to speak.
Not thirty seconds in, the air suddenly dropped in temperature and his breath came out in visible puffs. The leaves of the maze were dusted with frost and he felt his stomach droop and his chest tighten. All sense of optimism rushed out of him like a sudden gust of wind. That's when he caught sight of the cloaked, dark figure floating before him.
Greg ruffled Sherlock's hair, knowing full well that Sherlock detested it. "Well, we'll take your advice into consideration when we enter. Right, John?"
It’s unrealistic to expect any kind of domestic bliss to go on for very long uninterrupted. And yet, John still finds himself glaring as heavy footsteps run up the stairs to their flat, the thumps disrupting their quietude. The door opens to reveal pale-faced, heavily-breathing man (asthma? Very simply deduction, but Sherlock would probably still be proud), his handsome features distorted by distress.
"What? What is it?" John reached over and took Sherlock's hand. He looked up, blinking furiously in an attempt to keep his vision clear and dry, and replied, voice cracking, "Mycroft is dead."
"What point?" John knew it was wrong, to keep pressing for information that Sherlock would not willingly give sober. He kept listening anyway.
“Michael Bloom, is it?” Sherlock asks, in a tone that suggests he definitely does not need an answer. “You’re under arrest for the robbery of - “
Taking a steadying breath, he comes back into the living room, where John is sitting in his underwear now, his hand covering the knife wound on his thigh. It’s not bleeding too heavily, but it’s blood that shouldn't even be outside his body. Not one drop of it. Sherlock kneels in front of him and gets out the antiseptic wipes, as John has many times before: after scuffles on cases or chemical experiments gone wrong. He’s angry, but he wipes the wound clean with undivided attention and gentleness, lest John is hurt even more.
John then walked swiftly into his dorm room, grabbed the emergency first aid kit stored in his trunk (for cases) and said a quick 'see you later' to Greg, before hurrying back down stairs, through corridors and up the spiral staircase to Ravenclaw. Again, the door knocker asked a riddle, and John had to explain that no, he was not a Ravenclaw and yes, he was here for Sherlock. Finally he was allowed through to Sherlock's dorm. Sherlock was lying on his back still, the tips of his fingers on his lips as though in prayer, when he came in. Except this time he had taken his dress robes off and was changed into his (silk?) pyjamas.
When the police arrive and the criminal is taken away, they end up returning to the coffee shop just to pick up John's cane, then they return to Baker Street, where Sherlock invites John up for coffee.
"Of course you do." Sherlock seemed surprised. "I'd probably be half dead by now if weren't for you babying me for six years."
The Durmstrangs had a certain military-like stance as they walked out onto the decks. They all wore red uniform - reminiscent of the stereotypical east European soldier- with a black leather belt, used as a holster, most likely, for their wands. Their hats and shirts were lined with furs; John was unsure whether this was the norm, or if their teachers had simply exaggerated the cold rainy British weather, and this was their defence.  John craned his neck to look at the approaching students - and he had to admit that lots of them seemed, well, attractive, or at least, they stood out compared to the Hogwarts students he had known for five years. But all of them - boys, girls, younger students, older students- looked capable of and ready to beat every other student in a fight, wands optional.
"Pretty good, considering he had a hole ripped through his abdomen," Sherlock replied drily, glaring at Lestrade.
Home? Ah, yes. The bedsit. The longer John stays here, the more uninviting his bedsit becomes. He sighs and stands up, picking up his cane and his coat. "Alright. Thanks for all this. It's been fun."
Six months into civilian life, John was little better off than he was before. His blog remained pointless, utterly empty of anything interesting. His nightmares were consistent each night, leaving him hollowed out and barely holding back frustrated sobs, and nothing, absolutely nothing, was happening to him.
Then break would come and he would rush from his seat, ignoring the teacher's cries that he had to be dismissed first, to practically run down the halls to the infirmary, where John would be in pretty much the same state as he was in the morning: unconscious, chest rising and falling slowly, but alive. His skin had gained back some colour and he had warmed up, new blood flowing through his veins and Sherlock allowed himself a small smile at how quickly John was recovering.
John dashed up the stairs two at a time until he reached the corridor just outside the private balcony, where Sherlock was stood, frozen, staring at the seats in shock and anger and grief. "Sherlock, are you - oh, god."
"Don't get ahead of yourself, we still have - ah - the next two weeks ahead of us," John shivered as Sherlock moved his attention to his neck, kissing and biting at it gently. "Loads more practicals and exams to work for."
Which, incidentally, exhausted him into a much more regular sleep schedule, including the delights of sleeping in until almost midday. John, for this reason, was pleased with himself no end, as well as less bothersome about Sherlock's wellbeing.
John recognised the voice instantly - Sherlock.  He was suddenly and overwhelmingly angry. "If you're here to mock me then don't bother. I've had enough of that today for a lifetime."
"I think you've done enough." Mycroft interrupted impatiently, rubbing circles on his forehead. (John could honestly say that this was the most emotional he'd ever seen Mycroft.) "Go home, you two. If we require statements, we'll come in the morning."
"Spilled chemicals on it. Experiment," Sherlock replies quickly. It isn't true, of course, and if Mrs Holmes bothers to look she will find it as good as new with the rest of the coats. He makes a mental note to fix that as soon as possible.
"You don't need to apologise for what you said," he says quietly. "It's the truth, right? Legally, technically speaking, Mary and I are... not married." It's strange to say out loud, both liberating and terrifying.
Janine left first. Within minutes, John could hear the cheers of the crowd and the roar of the dragon. He half-listened to the gasps and the growls and the applause, until the final applause came, and the announcer claimed that Janine had retrieved her egg in 12 minutes, and that the judges gave her 25 points. Then Moran was escorted out, fists clenched and stride quick. After 17 minutes, Moran received 23 points and it was John's turn to leave. He was asked if he was ready, and he nodded as he stood up on shaky legs. He kept his fists clenched as the low drone of the crowd grew louder, so much so that his nails dug into his skin. He approached the entrance, and he stepped out onto the stadium floor, which was covered in sand ('to soak up the blood' he thought drily to himself). The crowd shouted as he entered and made his way to the centre, making himself known. He tried to find a familiar face in the never-ending crowd, but the shouts were too overwhelming for him to concentrate. Eventually, the ululations died down and John recognised in horror the sound of the doors of a metal cage opening behind him. Slowly he turned around and saw the familiar  serpentine creature that he read about in the books and pulled out from that bag. Except it was much, much bigger than expected.
John swears under his breath, but then forms an idea in his head. He sighs at Sherlock. "Sorry, love. Maybe next time, eh?"
“Yeah, I know. Then Harry and I sat down to watch Sleepless in Seattle and I had to leave the room to stop myself from crying.”
"Just a job," she shrugs. "A little after Sherlock's return from exile, I got a very good offer from an old friend of mine that I couldn't refuse. Sherlock's head, delivered to his front door, for thirty million. That's more than you can possibly dream of, John. You can't judge, we were both getting a little bit bored of each other by the end." He has to agree. "But I couldn't just leave. Despite what you think, I do care about you and what you think of me."
He came out of the bathroom after brushing his teeth then lay flat on his back on his bed, his fingertips steepled under his chin, eyes closed, in thought. Most of the boys were sleeping now anyway, the room completely dark.
Sherlock grinds his teeth. “Impossible. We can't - she can't know we're here. This is our only advantage against her. It doesn't make sense. Why? Why would she know he’d come to us?”
With a hand on his back, Mycroft swiftly led him past the staring crowds into the castle. When they reached a far enough point in a corridor, Mycroft faced Sherlock, his hands placed on his shoulders, an expression of completely undivided focus, though it hid something Sherlock couldn't place. Softness. Sentiment.
Mary seems slightly taken aback beneath her facade, her gun lowering as though she was expecting John to jump for joy and go,
"John, this isn't the OWLs, this is a dangerous tournament in which people have been known to die." Sherlock's voice was raised angrily. Upon noticing that everyone else in the library was glaring at them, he lowered his voice to above a whisper. "You can't cram for this one. Can you take this seriously?" A pause. "Please."
"She does know now." He places the phone back in his pocket. "Don't worry about it. She's not due for another five weeks."
Mary's hand clasps around his, warm as frost and just as comforting. She squeezes it as the plane takes off. John feels like he was suffocating.
John jumped, then looked up. Molly was standing next to the bed: pale, dark circles under her eyes, yet smiling comfortingly. "I didn't know it was lunch yet," John stated, placing the card down on the table beside him.
“Sherlock,” he says, but it comes out as a croak. He clears his throat and tries again. “Sherlock.” A little louder. It works - he wakes up with a jolt, uncurls his body and sits up in a panic. He’s almost sorry for waking him and not letting him catch up on the little sleep he usually allows himself. But then Sherlock sees John, alive and awake, and his lips part in a small ‘oh’ of surprise and relief, and John can’t bring himself to regret it. “Hello.”
"Harry, go to your room," Mrs Watson advises quickly, and Harry can't leave her seat fast enough. The bedroom door slams behind her. "Both of you, go now. We'll talk later. Or in the morning. Whenever we've calmed down enough to discuss this."
"Sit down, John!" Mr Watson yells, and it's only then that John realises that he has stood up in the heat of the moment, breathing heavily, his face flushed. He also realises that next to him, Sherlock s staring at his lap, fiddling with his fingers, and opposite him, Harry's bottom lip is wobbling as she twirls her spaghetti around her fork, over and over. He sits down again and Mr Watson continues. "Right. Now then. Why don't we just calm down and talk about this rationally?"
What day will it reach when John decides that he’s sick of him? That he’d prefer to get a stable job with a higher income to live on his own, to find someone else? He hopes never. Realistically, he predicts John will last a couple of months before getting restless. At least that’s what cases are for.
"Oh, I can tell when people lie. You're very obvious. But on the matter at hand, I think we should just... Start again."
They part ways, both grinning, and it’s only when Sherlock gets to his room that he realises he forgot to ask for John’s number.
John squirms uncomfortably as he tries to sit himself in a position that's comfortable, which is very difficult when in a crowded space back stage, hiding behind props and costumes with Sherlock sitting beside him, pressed up against him.
Sherlock smirked triumphantly, while John flushed red. His attempt at flirting to recover what they had had the first time they met didn’t go well, ending in a rushed backpedal to save them from any future awkwardness. "So why didn't you undo that?"
Sherlock reluctantly averts his eyes, looking around at the mess around him. Apparently, he concedes defeat, as he eventually sighs and nods. “Fine. If you must. What food did you get?”
Time for the case! It's a little bit weird (like I basically just drew a bunch of random words out of an imaginary hat and hoped for the best) but go with it.
At first, John’s heart leapt, the sight of Sherlock like a breath of fresh air after so many months. From his profile, he seemed the same gorgeous, wonderful person John had met. But then he saw the way his hands shook, the rigid, defensive posture, and how thin he was: his cheekbones could have cut through glass and his shirt - god, the same purple shirt he wore the first time they met - was now hanging loosely from his toro, no longer tightly stretched across it like before. He seemed entirely different compared to the proud, relaxed man who had danced himself breathless -
“Maybe not. But the police are on their way, and the evidence against you is very damning,” John replies calmly, causing Sherlock to look up proudly. “Isn’t your sister the manager of the bank?” No response. “And aren’t you in rather a lot of debt to her? It would be very easy for you to use the stolen money - her own bank’s money - to pay her back.”
John zooms into the grainy picture on screen. The woman is at an angle, her face covered by glasses, with her hair dark and at shoulder length. He zooms in further and his stomach flips. The hair may be different, but the nose, the mouth, the chin are all distinctively recognisable. He only needs to look at his daughter for reference.
"Anyway, moving on to Liam. You play rugby with John, but you are far more interested in your music. In fact, I'd go as far as to say you don't actually like rugby, only the fact that whenever you...score a goal?"
His mother and father welcomed him at Kings' Cross, hugging him before they drove back home. They asked him about the tournament, about school, about Mycroft (he  had chosen to stay at Hogwarts over Christmas), to which Sherlock responded in complaints or minimal answers made up of very few words. They then asked about John. He didn't respond. They left it alone.
"...Right. Anyway, you honestly have nothing to worry about." John pressed a kiss to the back of Sherlock's neck, feather light. "I could have a dozen papers due in and I'd still want to make time to meet you. If anything," he chuckles, "I should be worried about you. Down there in Cambridge, all the intelligent public school lot who shop at Waitrose for groceries..."
"Can you see me?" Molly asked, "yes? Then I didn't blind you." With a flick of her wand, both John's and Sherlock's suitcases opened and their school robes dropped in front of them. Sherlock observed that her summoning charm was improving. "Go and get changed. We get there in 15 minutes." And she was gone in a blur of black and yellow robes, her brunette ponytail swishing behind her.
"Oh. He's been talking about me?" Sherlock asks, trying to keep his tone casual, but there was a slight panic in his voice, in the way his eyes darted to John.
Write back when you can. Don't feel under pressure to write about anything interesting. You could talk to me about the texture of different types of cotton fibres and I'd still absorb every word and be ready with praise and questions. I like seeing that you've written to me at all. It's a little relieving to know you haven't dismissed the idea of writing to your soulmate entirely yet. For all your cynicism about the whole journal thing when you first wrote to me, we're getting on quite well, aren't we?
Satisfied with his effort John gives a pleased nod and puts the poker back. He stands up too quickly and overbalances; landing flat on his backside, a look of shock on his face. There is silence for a beat before Sherlock starts sniggering and John, who can’t keep the annoyed expression up for long, soon joins him.
It’s just Molly, Mrs Hudson, Greg, and a few of the yarders that you know John is on friendly terms with. You pretend that everyone isn’t skirting around the Mary shaped hole in the room. John seems more at ease within the group and you attempt to ignore the bitter feeling you get from the thought that his usual veil of misery seems less apparent around people who aren’t you. You overhear a comment he makes to Hopkins and realise he has made the assumption that Mrs Hudson has organised the entire evening. The bitter feeling grows a little.
“Are you coming back to bed tonight or will I see you in the morning?” John tries to sound casual and not at all desperate. He thinks he almost pulls it off.
You think of the lingering look he gives you when you finally get fed up with him needling you about The Woman and tell him without any shred of ambiguity
“In terms of skill Janine was probably the best, all though at the time she did have a tendency to favour the use of her tongue. Janine was a beautiful woman but given that I wasn’t attracted to her in the slightest that did inhibit the ability to enjoy the kisses. Before that was Bill Wiggins, high as a kite and thoroughly impressed with his own deductions. Given how infrequently Wiggins brushes his teeth that was an altogether unpleasant, albeit short lived, experience.” He rambles, noting the grimace on John’s features.
“Look, ‘m sorry if it’s making you uncomfortable…we can-” John sighs and readjusts his posture yet again, “just forget about it yeah?”
Heat floods Sherlock’s face with such an intensity that for a second he thinks he is about to pass out. John shuffles closer and reaches his palm out to cup the sharp line of Sherlock’s jaw. His thumb swipes across an overheated cheekbone and he smiles encouragingly at Sherlock.
You keep pretending when the perp shoves you up against the wall of the warehouse and beats your head against the brick until you see stars and your chin is wet with blood. You pretend you can hear his footsteps slapping on the pavement, a whoosh and a thump as he barrels into the suspect and gets a few good hits in before Lestrade and three officers come bursting through the door.
has gone. And I hardly think recounting embarrassing tales and sexual conquests is grounds for the term ‘game’.”
“In conclusion; gay. Very much so. Though again, romantic or sexual relationships have not been something I have chosen to waste my time on.”
Sherlock dares to hope that maybe this time the two of them, constantly orbiting and never quite catching each other, are finally on the same page? His eyes dart to John’s lips and his own fall open almost involuntarily. He inhales sharply through his nose and tilts his chin slightly as his heart continues pounding thunderously in his ears.
But the awful thing about hope is that it can’t be extinguished. Not once it sparks inside you, deep enough down that you can pretend you haven’t noticed it.
You allow the what-ifs to destroy you some nights, and you read through his old blog posts and allow yourself to be consumed by your grief for the story you never got. One evening you are so disgusted with your own weakness that you hack in and delete that pathetic post you made about the wedding. It takes 3 weeks for John to even notice. When he does all he manages is
and he smiles softly at his inebriated friend. He wonders if this is something John has been working on with his new therapist. John appears to be conflicted about something and he shifts back in his chair in an obvious and deliberate act to appear less confrontational.
He waits for Sherlock to take a mouthful, eyes glazed with a contented softness and Sherlock is reminded briefly of John’s stag night. Something pangs sharply in Sherlock’s chest and he readjusts his posture in attempt to dislodge the unpleasant feeling. It almost works.
Mostly it’s your own voice; after all your worst enemy has always been yourself. Sometimes it’s your brother. Cold and condescending;
Silence descends and you feel your cheeks start to heat under the shocked gaze of Lestrade, Dimmock and John. Mrs Hudson, pointedly unfazed by your suggestion, tuts some affectionate platitude about the child and the conversation starts to resume around you again. John still stares though; as though you’ve just grown an extra head, and you pretend not to be hurt by his surprise. Cold hearted machine is the bed you’ve made for yourself and that is where you must lie. He frowns then, you can see him making his own deductions and eventually he seems to come to some sort of conclusion as he reaches for his daughter. He murmurs his thanks and you feel a little of that bitterness ebb away as you watch him leave the room.
John rolls his eyes and bids Sherlock good night before taking care of his now insistent bladder and sliding back between the sheets to attempt to find rest.
Tears continue to track down your face and that sick hollow loneliness that you’ve become so used to is squeezing at your insides.
You love him so completely and with a conviction you never thought was possible. You’ve died for him, you’ve killed for him, you’ve gone all the way to hell and back for him and you’d do it all again in a heartbeat if it meant keeping him safe and happy.
“In you? Or…men in general?” Sherlock thinks John is being remarkable perceptive considering the amount he has had to drink and that scares him a bit. Caution stalls his response.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock repeats louder and with conviction, and suddenly John’s brain whirs back into motion and he grins like a loon; so hard his cheeks hurt with the effort of it.
and they could just chalk this up to another of Sherlock’s manipulative and elaborate jokes. John clears his throat and the wet sound of it draws Sherlock’s gaze back to John’s face and he suddenly notices the shininess of John’s eyes. John sniffs and downs the rest of his glass.
Just like that you’re miserable again. You wonder how much longer the pair of you can continue, dancing circles around your misery and the conversations that are long overdue. You try to ignore your disappointment that he isn’t staying the night. You tell yourself that he came tonight and he even laughed at your deductions about the new lab tech and that’s enough.
Sherlock gives an embarrassed laugh, feeling every bit as inexperienced as his previous confessions implied. But John, who has gathered his composure now, is beaming at him.
This elated giddiness feels so familiar and yet so distant; he can’t remember the last time the pair of them laughed together like this. Certainly not since his return. The easy intimacy that they’ve softly and slowly sunk back into has allowed the unfurling of this moment of pure elation. Sherlock hopes against hope that this is to be their norm again. God he’s missed it.
The quiet rings for what feels like years and Sherlock holds his breath, wondering if he has just given himself away entirely.
“Mixed messages I’ll grant you that.” Sherlock grins wickedly. John runs a hand over his shortened hair, a smile gracing his lips again.
. There had been a time when the very thought of having this terrified John so deeply that he’d built barrier after barrier between himself and the very possibility of this eventuality. The depth of feeling he has for this man is something he never thought he’d be capable of but he harbours no trepidation at the prospect of spending the rest of his life with this brilliant, infuriating, magnificent, beautiful and resilient man.
John spends some time looking at the spread of flasks and beakers holding varying liquids and oddities and pretends to understand what he is seeing while Sherlock explains the particulars of what he is working on.
“Hmm, it could be worse I suppose, you could still have that hideous moustache,” John squeaks out an indignant
“John, why are we still talking about this?” He means it to come out bored and disinterested but his panic betrays him and it sounds more like pleading.
Eventually you register the sharp pain in your side and your head starts throbbing from the effort of it all and you quiet yourself. Your cheeks are wet but they have more colour in them than when they first brought you in.
You snap at the nurses and you’re aloof with Molly and Lestrade when they come to visit but it doesn’t draw him there more frequently. He stopped being your handler some time ago. You pretend not to notice the fact that, rather than annoyance or exasperation, Molly and Lestrade just look at you with sadness and pity in their eyes. It makes you feel utterly wretched and you’re thankful for the self-administered morphine pump that means you can send yourself off into oblivion when their concern becomes too hard to bear.
“I love you” Sherlock says simply, as though the very sound of it doesn’t completely shatter John’s world every time.
You think of his soft, pleased smile when you tell him about helping Mrs Hudson install a new cabinet in her laundry.
John’s grinning, it’s meant to ease the tension a bit and reassure Sherlock, and Sherlock adores him for the slightly misguided attempt.
“It’s important because,” he takes a deep breath, “because I think I’d like to kiss you Sherlock and I need to know that, if I do, that’s something that you’d like. From me. With me….Because this other person you were talking about was, uh,
“Lestrade did, at least I assume that’s what he was implying when referring to the time he had with the two gymnasts on the back seat of his first car.”
Of course your brother could organise someone. But the thought of some stranger with their hands on you, staying in John’s bed, doling out tablets with a detached professionalism is abhorrent to you. So you endure the sterility of the blindingly white room and the nurse who talks too much and the patient in the room next door who decides to throw his bedpan at the wall every night at exactly 11:35pm.
For a brief moment you entertain the fantasy of John staying at 221B with you, changing your dressings, helping you shower, making sure you eat properly and take your antibiotics.
There, in the hospital bed, you’re overcome with sheer panic. You jerk suddenly and vaguely register violent beeping coming from the machines beside you. You watch as his expression shifts into concern and almost involuntarily you’re weeping. Weeping and clawing at the tube down your throat and he is there and his mouth is moving but you can’t hear the calming tone as the nurse rushes in and fiddles with a dial and the last thing you see is him. Angry again and shouting at the nurse. The weight of his hand on your shoulder is the last sensation you register before the sedative kicks in.
closer to him and is lulled back to sleep by soft neck kisses and thoughts of sunbeams and blowjobs and pipettes and laughter, and the contented feeling that comes from a happy heart.
John snorts, “yeah alright Greg might have got a bit risqué, but Molly picked the question and I rather think she was keen on hearing you answer it. The fact you managed to avoid it for the last hour is, I’m sure, a source of disappointment for her.”
But it’s just a feeling. And it can’t hurt them if you just keep it to yourself. That ache in your ribcage and the sick dread that sometimes threatens to swallow you whole isn’t their burden to bear.
Sherlock’s eyebrows immediately shoot up into his hairline and his entire neck and face flush exquisitely, his mouth falling open in an almost comical fashion. John holds his breath before letting out a short nervous laugh and suddenly he finds himself being pulled on top of a red faced Sherlock.
You hear the rapid beeping of the machine beside you again and attempt to calm your heart rate before a nurse is alerted. You’re sobbing again and you wonder if you’re having some sort of reaction to a medication because you feel utterly ridiculous. But you can’t stop.
John feigns an outraged huff and precedes to snog the life out of him, hips grinding deliciously against Sherlock who squirms beautifully beneath him. For a while the only sounds in the room are the rustling of sheets, soft moans, and breathy laughter, while John goes about the task of convincing his lover.
Sherlock, eyes narrowing, studies John and wishes the alcohol wasn’t clouding his ability to read John’s behaviour right now. Not that figuring out John Watson has ever been Sherlock’s strong suit.
One time you forget to eat nothing but a fig roll and a tepid cup of tea for four days and you pass out at the bottom of the stairs.
For a moment you’re swept up in the feeling of nostalgia that comes with the unexpected giddiness of your outburst.
He doesn’t intend it to be sexual, but he can’t help but grin at the way his pinky finger, incidentally just barely stroking along the inside of the fleshy globe in his palm, causes Sherlock’s speech to falter.
John lies panting, flooded with endorphins and flushed from climax, and is slow to understand as he peers at Sherlock through the heady post-orgasm haze that’s settled on his brain.
“Why is it important?” His response is waspish, but uncertain. A curious tendril of hope is unfurling within him again.
John looks a little shell-shocked. He swallows thickly before taking another swig and waiting for Sherlock to continue. Sherlock feels something akin to pride at being able to render John speechless on the subject of The Woman.
You’re in there for three weeks and sometime around day four he stops coming by as frequently. Practically you understand why; he has a job and a toddler to look after and the hospital stirs up unpleasant spectres of the past.
You know none of this. So you think of his hesitation in the doorway tonight, his laughter from before, you think of the last time someone mistook you for a couple and how he didn’t jump to correct them, you remember him counting Irene’s texts all those years ago, you think of Angelo's, and his stag night and you think that- for now..
John frowns, sucks in a sharp breath and he can already see the questions forming in Johns mind after a barked out
John’s lips quirk up and he takes a moment to swipe at his eyes before nodding once, quickly, as though he has made up his mind about something. He sighs and relaxes down into his chair again and Sherlock drops his gaze to his own knees.
The shifting of bedclothes reawakens him from the little half-sleep he’s slipped into and he blinks his heavy eyes open. There is a gap in the curtains and a single beam of sunlight filters into the room. Dust moats dance in the golden morning light as it streams lazily across their sheets and John, rubbing the crust from his eyes, squints a little at the bright contrast it makes against the dark of the rest of the room. The single beam hits Sherlock’s bare chest and licks the side of his face and John, for a moment, is irrationally jealous of a fucking sunbeam. God, when did he become so far gone that he envies the sunlight simply because it’s sits so closely on his lover’s skin?
John settles beside him, arm draped across Sherlock’s middle and hand stroking lazily up his side. He is very tempted to turn his arm inward and entice Sherlock into round two but the idea of an extended lie-in is a welcome one so he shelves his more amorous thoughts for later and begins to happily surrender to the tug of sleep.
“Hmm” he doesn’t bother to correct John, it never had a chance to become sexual with Victor. But given his rather small list of past kisses Sherlock does not feel like further exposing himself by talking about his sexual history. That list would be much smaller. Non-existent in fact. Whilst it was romantic Sherlock has since realised it was never love, though it was his first (and for a long time
“Thank you, Sherlock. For sharing that with me,” comes John’s voice; quiet but earnest, and Sherlock’s head whips up in surprise. As ever, John Watson continues to amaze him.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and pulls John back in, mouth open and coaxing Johns tongue back with his own. The wet slick of John’s tongue against his sparks a giddy thrill of desire that dances down Sherlock’s back and settles warmly at the base of his spine. The frenzied push pull of their mouths aids the heat from the recently stoked fire in causing Sherlock’s shirt to stick to his sweat slicked back and he pulls away, forehead resting against John’s, while he catches his breath.
John inhaled harshly, gritting his teeth. "He just slipped through their fingers. The teachers, the ministry. And Mycroft - he's practically part of the ministry now, and he's head boy!"
"We went on a walk outside - Victor and I - and he had a flask of something. Bibero Figuera he called it. He had some, then offered me it, so I took it." Sherlock grimaced. "It tasted bad but I kept drinking it. 'Cause I wanted to. Then he tried to kiss me, I think. But I didn't want to. So I deduced some stuff about him and he was offended by it, I think. He punched me here," he pointed to his cheek, and John kicked himself for only just noticing that it was cut and bleeding slightly, "and stormed off." Sherlock looked up at him, his eyes wide and pitiful, like a child who had been caught doing something wrong, "are you angry at me?" Something in John's chest melted.
John's frown deepened. "So, you left the school to...read? Sherlock, we have a library for a reason."
I would advise against opening it in public, though. I fear you’ll get emotional, whether you love it or hate it, and I’d prefer to save you the embarrassment. It’s  partially why I didn’t want to see you open it up in person.
My roommate, Bill Murray (not the actor. But he did attempt to convince the bartender otherwise to get some free drinks. ‘Attempt’ being the key word) is in a nursing course. He’s the most extroverted extrovert who’s ever extroverted. Loud, always up for a dare. I guess it’s a good thing. At least I won’t be stuck inside all day buried in textbooks and study notes with him around.
Sherlock looked up at Mycroft's face then shook his head firmly. "I'll be fine. I'll stay here. Like you told me."
But, in his opinion, John was ready to move on from Sherlock. He hadn't yet; Merlin knew that moving on from Sherlock is almost completely an impossible feat. But hearing Sherlock say that he wasn't into relationships...
"He's an Irish red settler. Hence the name. He's smart. Loyal. Loves going on adventures. We used to explore the nearby woods and fields together looking for treasure. Or we'd just talk. I'd talk, even. He can't talk. He was my only friend - John how is this helping, this has only exacerbated my emotional state."
"It's fine." John said. "What's it going to do anyway? It's not like I have some secret I need to keep hidden, or something I'm ashamed of..."
Sherlock nods and frantically types out a text to Lestrade on his phone. Once he's done, he puts the phone back in his pocket and kneels beside John, who is still pinning the criminal to the ground. He grabs John's face in both hands, as he did earlier, and kisses him, this time on the lips. His lips are soft and cold from the cool night air and somehow makes John more breathless than he was before, while warming him through to the very core of his stomach. "John," he breathes when they finally separate. "Move in with me."
I suppose we'll have to see whether they do view me in such rose-tinted glasses as you do, John. You're a wonderfully optimistic person and your friends do seem - well, I was going to say nice, but all I can honestly say is that they seem tolerable, or at least more so than the rugby team at my school. Are they really that eager to meet me?
"I'm three months clean of cocaine." The man shrugged. "I don't care who knows. The fact is I no longer need it. I believe I have a right to boast about it in front of strangers."
"You're not even in the tournament." Janine's mouth curled in amusement. "You must be very concerned about John to be doing his work for him."
"But you can't bring civilians to crime scenes, Sherlock. It's bad enough that you're here, without you dragging along some random bloke off the street."
"I am very excited to have been chosen," John said, smiling, "I couldn't believe it when my name was called. It was fantastic."
"That sounds good enough for me." With a grin, John pulled Sherlock in for a kiss, and the watch fell down the side of the bed, forgotten. (It would later be found that evening, along with John's pyjama t-shirt.)
"John isn't cheating." Mary said incredulously. Her fists clenched tighter into her palms and she could feel the sharp cut of her nails digging into her skin.
“First, you shagged at his place, so don’t you know where he lives? And second, a detective? Like a cop?”
“It was Alasdair who tried to get us to send Samantha away, and Fíona said we needed her. Also, I don’t know if you recall, when I asked you to take Samantha to the airport, Alasdair was the one to suggest sending either Mansi or Delma along. He told Sherlock and Mycroft he wasn’t exactly comfortable sending you off alone with Samantha which prompted Mycroft to send both girls after you. Fiona also insists that it was neither her or anyone who pledges allegiance to her that got in the bed with me that night. You were gone, so you most likely do not know about that incident. But the point is-”
John watched Sherlock speed away, he wanted nothing more than to go after him. Turning to face Samantha he unclenched his teeth and smiled at her. “I’m sorry Sherlock makes you nervous. He’s a good guy, truly. He just worries about me.”
John began thrusting against Sherlock just as surely as if he had been inside him. “Oh G- Sherlock!” John rested his head in the crook of Sherlock's neck, panting, quietly repeating his name.
The sound of John gagging caused a ripple of desire to roll through Sherlock’s body and releasing in a harsh groan. “John, no more.”
John gave one last lick up Sherlock’s cock before settling between his legs. He stared at Sherlock, he really was quite beautiful with his flushed skin and long eyelashes laying demurely across his cheeks. His lips were red and swollen as if Sherlock had been biting them. He reached into the side table liberating a small bottle of lube. John thrust against Sherlock their sweaty bodies slicking the way. Both men groaned as their pricks made contact. John desperately sought Sherlock's mouth as he caught his leg behind the knee and pulled it up. He continued to thrust against the taller man, each moaning into the kiss. John slipped a finger between them circling Sherlock’s puckered entrance.
“Rosie Bee?” Sherlock must be dreaming, he was looking into the smiling face of his little Rosie Bumble Bee. He was sure he had passed out somewhere in the snow, his body shutting down to try to preserve its energy. But Rosie’s excited squeal assaulted his ears still and left him wondering if maybe he had made it to John's home. Or maybe he had died and this was his heaven, because now that he was focusing he felt the distinct feeling of John holding him from behind. But...they appeared to be nude.
Sherlock had been reduced much to the same state, occasionally pressing a kiss against John’s shoulder, holding him while they moved against one another.
John sobered up and sat down next to Sherlock, as he reached for his phone again Sherlock quickly captured John’s hand, keeping him from picking up the mobile phone again. “I don’t think that will be very productive. Maybe we can triangulate his whereabouts by pinging his phone.” Sherlock offered.
“No, but at the time that we first started seeing one another, I was still under his command. There are rules about those sort of things you know.”
John and Sherlock was roused out of their musing by the guest all shouting while the men sealed their vows the traditional way with a kiss.
“So, the even bigger question is, does this mean Samantha is here, somewhere on the grounds. You know, close enough to evoke those actions from one of us?” Everyone looked at Mycroft as he asked his question, without speaking a word of agreement everyone filed out of the room and spread out looking for the Unhcegila.
A moment later Sherlock's father walked down the aisle alone and sat down next to his mother, who despite the lack of Mycroft's presence was still happily beaming. This wasn't looking good, but his mother didn't seem bothered. Sherlock shot a quick glance over to John, had this all been real he would've felt bad for his friend, but he was loath to say a small- okay, a big part of him was happy Mycroft had stood John up.
"He told me to help plan it as if I was the one getting married. Taking Mycroft out of the equation, which arrangement do you like better?"
John let out a breath of exasperation, “Greg, his name is Greg and no, I don’t think he did. I think he needs to have bomb squad scan it.” John felt awful when he saw the joy fade from Sherlock’s face. If this wasn’t an actual gift and it was something to hurt Sherlock he swore whoever was behind it would pay. They had been having a lovely day. Taking out his phone he called Mrs Hudson. “Yes, hello Mrs Hudson, while Sherlock and I out did you or anyone else bring a gift up to our flat? Uh huh, hmm, I see. Thank you, Mrs Hudson, maybe you should go stay at your sister's after your bridge game, you know, for the holiday. Maybe. Alright, you take care too.”
Mycroft gave a tight-lipped smile at the apparent confusion on his little brother’s face. “Mummy feels as I am the eldest I should set an example for you. So, she is forcing me to get married.”
John nodded and let himself be led outside. However, once they cleared the door Sherlock gathered him in his arms and took to the sky. John yelped as the ground suddenly sped away from his feet. "Sherlock you have to warn me before you do something like that."
Sherlock was beyond frustrated. John was toying with him, and he had never once asked a man to do what he was needing.
Sherlock looked over at John. “Is it wrong that I don’t want to get up? I just want to lay here a little longer.” John didn’t comment he just opened his arms and like an enthusiastic puppy Sherlock rolled over and clamoured on top of him. He settled between John’s legs, his head resting between the crook of his neck and shoulder. Sherlock allowed his arms to settle to the side of John and sighed.
The men didn’t have long to wait before they found out what had Mycroft so happy. The dinner entertainment was a “playful” raffle. All the single men were given a ticket, the corresponding tickets were thrown into a bowl and the single women had to pick a ticket from a bowl. Whose ever ticket was pulled was that woman’s dinner date. Sherlock scolded at Mycroft, his brother was almost dancing with “playful” menace.
John knew he loved Sherlock. With all that he was. And it was a romantic love. He also loved Otaktay. And although he could admit that the Native American shaman was very handsome, he had no desire to be intimate with him. John recalled how turned on he had been when he awoke and realized what was going on in front of him, but now, with some time distancing him from the incident, he didn't like it. He didn't like the thought of Sherlock touch Otaktay in such an intimate manner. He didn't like thinking that it was Sherlock who just made his friend come. On the heels of this revelation John had to come to terms with the fact that if this incident made Otaktay more open to men, he would no longer feel secure if Otaktay and Sherlock ever found themselves alone. Sherlock seemed to be on autopilot tonight, what would stop him from actually taking Otaktay in the future?
John again reached up his hand wiping away a tear, but allowed his hand to cup the side of Sherlock’s face, fingers tunneling into his dark curls. Holding eye contact, he saw the look of surprise that ran across Sherlock’s face as John pulled him down to meet his lips in a kiss. He kissed the man before him gently, trying to apologize and put his own feelings to action. He had been interested in pursuing something more with Sherlock before, but when he thought it was a lost cause he gave up on that dream and shoved it in a box, in an abandoned corner of both his mind and heart. And the thought of having that chance now made his heart burst with joy. This was real. Sherlock was really offering something real and tangible. He licked against Sherlock's lips seeking entrance, Sherlock opened up on a moan, he clutched at John’s shoulders, and John could feel him shaking. Concerned he pulled away, wiping at more tears in the process. “Sherlock, I’m here. And I want this.”
Sherlock moaned against John he was so wound up. He needed John in a bad way. He told him as much. John chuckled as he drew Sherlock in against his body, his chest to Sherlock’s back. He kissed the enigmatic genius on the back of the neck. “Try to rest. We have a big day tomorrow.”
“But it wasn’t like that at all. I didn’t know for sure that I was dreaming until Otaktay confirmed it.”
John pulled Rosie in front of him and tried to shield her small body with his, and then something peculiar happened, the man started playing on his violin, a fast jovial beat. The soil in the pot started to open up causing John and Rosie to sink down further. And then the vines of the plants started growing and twisting becoming thicker so thick John couldn’t see out.
“By all means, she can call me...Papa.” Sherlock smiled. The love he had for that little girl and the thought of being her papa made a warmth spread through him that had nothing to do with the warmth the blankets or liquids that John was giving him. “How did I get here John?”
Rosie burst into the room again jumping up on the side of the bed John had vacated. “Dada hasn’t been eating. Sometimes he doesn’t sleep. He goes out walking at night. But now that you’re here Papa Sherlock he’ll get better. You have to drink your soup to get better too.”
“Unfortunately John, I can't,” Hyde ran a quick hand through his short spiky hair, it had gotten a little longer in his absence, but not by much. “This situation is a complete void, I can’t see anything.”
John took the cover off of his plate, there were oysters, Thai fried rice, as well as fish and chips. All of their favorite foods, the only thing missing was some sweets. He picked up a chip and could feel Sherlock watching him. “You sure this isn’t an experiment or some kind of trick?”
“No Sherlock. I mean yes, I care for you, but you still got it wrong. I have waited so long to be able to show you how I feel about you, to be with you. Not in a strictly platonic way as we have already been, I am
Sherlock hadn’t been able to concentrate on a single case since meeting John, not even the one he had already been working on the day he had gone into the costume shop. He imagined Lestrade would be calling him soon wanting an update on the case, he hardly ever took this long on a case.
John looked up at Sherlock, "You're brilliant you know that? That sounds like it could be a very likely scenario. Now, all we need to do is figure out if we are caught in between their fighting or if they are trying to mess with us a team."
Sherlock kept an eye on Alasdair, after his ill comment about John, Sherlock wasn’t very keen on keeping the older vamp around, he found he no longer trusted him. He suspected that Liam and Mycroft felt the same way because he’d caught them both watching the man, Hyde, on the other hand, appeared to be a neutral party. He had stood with them when they had defended John but for the most part, he tried to diffuse situations before they became a problem. Even so, it became an unspoken agreement to never leave John alone with Alasdair. They were all learning quite a bit about vampires and lycanthropes, things that would hopefully help in defending humans against those that wished to enslave or hunt them.
Lestrade had hollered something else but John didn’t hear, he had to jog to catch up to Sherlock, he knew Sherlock would leave without him.
"I'll put out the fire and then y'all can find a way through," John yelled. With his thoughts alone he put out the fire. It had begun to spread to the walls that were still standing.
John circled Sherlock’s puckered entrance several more times before lightly probing with the tip of his tongue.
John noticed the hand holding the tea was going lax. He took the cup before it could spill all over the blankets. “I'm going to put Rosie back in her bed. I’ll be back.”
Mycroft stood up straighter, looking down his nose at John, “I see Dr. Watson, and were you playing at being his doctor last night?”
Sherlock started for the door and John followed closely behind. John halted Sherlock with a hand on his arm. “It’s Lachlan. I can feel his energy but he isn’t alone. I can sense someone else but it’s almost like empty space, I mean they must be a vampire since I can sense them, right?”
“What? What is it, Sherlock?” John peeked around Sherlock to see inside the box. “What does it say, I can’t see it clearly from this angle.”
Releasing Sherlock, John carried the plates to the table and sat down, waiting for Sherlock to get all the excess fabric wrapped around him so he too could sit. Only once Sherlock had picked up his fork, did John do so as well.
Samantha seemed to give his question some thought before answering. “Well, I reckon part of it is seeing Otaktay appear outta thin air every night. I thought he was a ghost until the last time when he showed up wearing clothes. He told me all about y’all and the fight and that he thought I might be a part of it.”
When John returned Sherlock still had a bluish tint to his skin, pulling back the covers he began massaging his fingers, hands and arms. After doing both arms he pulled the covers back up and repeated the action on his toes, feet and legs; he needed to help the circulation of blood through his body. John stripped off his clothes, body heat would be best in this situation he had read somewhere before. Climbing in behind him, John pulled Sherlock’s body flush against his own. He was freezing. After several minutes Sherlock’s shaking was less severe and his body relaxed against John’s just a little.
John cut him off with a kiss, tracing the insides of Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue, sweeping, gliding tasting. Driving Sherlock mad.
John’s computer on the desk started making a noise. “Grab that will you, it’s probably Hyde.” Delma passed the laptop to John. “Hyde.”
John had a hand in his hair slightly tugging. Lestrade was here taking a statement and picking up the prosthetics. Sherlock was leaned against John holding his free hand. If Lestrade held any shock or reservations about their obvious recent development he didn’t show it, and John appreciated it. Lestrade was a complete professional, that was until he put his notepad away.
“He ran away.” At Lestrade's gasp, he hurriedly added, “But he can back and apologised for running away and he let me kiss him again. Then he made us breakfast.”
“Otaktay, you keep putting yourself outside of the group, you’re alienating yourself, and the others probably think they are just giving you your space. You don’t want to be here because you feel like you don’t belong and you have been through Hell and back, and you haven’t been given the proper time to grieve or come to terms with everything. We are more than a council we are family, at least that is how I look at all of us, even Mycroft. And we are only as strong as our weakest link, and right now Otaktay, that is you. When one of us is hurt we all hurt.”
John was on his feet gathering their coat and jacket, they needed to check the location out. Turning back to Sherlock to see what was keeping him, the sight that greeted him all but broke his heart. Sherlock was sitting up clutching at a pillow, his eyes held unshed tears and his face was flush with emotion. Rushing to Sherlock’s side he went down on his knees, taking Sherlock’s hands in his own. “Sherlock, I’m here, I’m better now. You don’t have to worry about me taking my life. Do you hear me? Look at me Sherlock, listen to what I’m telling you. I will not leave you.”
Liam walked into the room no longer on the phone. He decided to sit cross-legged on the floor looking up at the trio.
"No, no, I get it. Mycroft can't be with the one he wants to be with so he chooses the one person he knows won't love him back, setting himself up for a failed marriage from the start, simply so he can tell mother he knew better than to try. Although, I had always pictured John marrying for love, not money."
“It was for an experiment. And I how was supposed to see your number written on the mirror? I was just supposed to walk in there and think, hey, let me turn on the hot water and see if the hot doctor left me his number?”
“Yes, but it could be anything Sherlock. If Mrs Hudson did not leave it I suggest we call Lestrade in.”
Sherlock paced inside the small confines of his cage. He was furious, but he knew better than to let on to the nature of his thoughts. It had only been a couple of days since he was shoved in here and he had to convince Moriarty that he understood what he did and why. But the moment he was let out and an opportunity presented itself he would make a run for the beanstalk. It had been allowed to grow and take root and taking the beanstalk down would not be easy. In fact climbing down the beanstalk wouldn’t be easy and quite it would be downright treacherous. The beanstalk would be hard and frozen, the usual flexibility of the plant gone.
John was quiet for a few moments clearly thinking. Giving Samantha a smile he said, “I am truly sorry you’ve had such a rough time of it since arriving. And it seems my powers are on an upswing again so I seem to have little control where it’s concerned, so I’m sorry for making you do something you didn’t want to do.”
Once Mycroft was gone John turned to Sherlock pulling him into his arms, “Was it just me or did Mycroft look gleeful?”
John was used to Sherlock’s double-edged compliments. “Is that all that I am? A bin for all the bad ideas?”
Sherlock just looked over Mrs. Hudson’s shoulders, not really hearing what she was saying, he was watching as John pulled out the woman’s seat for her. As if John could feel him staring he looked up at Sherlock and winked.
John was at Sherlock's side in an instant checking his bite and looking him over for any other wounds. John decided Sherlock was physically okay, he leads Sherlock out of the room, out of the council’s quarters and back to their home, straight to their room.
Sherlock looked away, avoiding eye contact with both Otaktay and John. “I feel- I feel bad for this, but I feel like I should rip Alasdair’s throat out, behead Fíona and just be done with it all.” Sherlock dared to glance up to see how the men took his statement, neither looked particularly vexed by his confession.
Lestrade sighed dramatically snapped a couple of pictures of the tree, the sitting room in general and the door before collecting the box and leaving.
Sherlock walked over to Molly and gave her an only slightly awkward hug. “John and I have been doing a lot of hugging as well. Thank you, Molly.”
John Watson was bone tired. They had just wrapped up another huge case for Scotland Yard and he had just finished a twelve-hour shift at the clinic. Sherlock kept harassing him to quit, arguing that he didn’t need to work there, that if he started charging for his services it would be more than enough to cover their bills. But Sherlock had yet to start charging so John had yet to quit.
“Yes.” After a bit of silence, Sherlock spoke again. “John, I know kids can be fanciful if I do find a way to come live with you two I don’t expect or won’t hold you to Rosie expectations of us being a family. You are her father and if you remarry that...well, the woman you marry will be her mother then. I love Rosie and want only the best for her.”
Sherlock let go of Otaktay abruptly. Hearing him moan brought it home that he wasn't kissing John and John was watching. Sherlock held Otaktay's gaze, his pupils were dilated and his pulse was racing. The skinwalker had thoroughly enjoyed that. Sherlock pressed on his shoulders to sit him back down on the bed. Turning to John he braced himself for condemnation. He hated that he wanted Otaktay at all. And what was worse was John being the saint that he was, was trying to give him everything he desired.
John tossed the saw away as he turned catching Sherlock around the middle throwing him over his shoulder, running to the trees for cover. “Cover your face so the branches don’t scratch you!”
Rolling her eyes at Lestrade she turned to Samantha who gave her unwavering eye contact. “I wish I was a vampire again.”
The man walked in their house and patted John on the side of his face affectionately like you see fathers and grandfathers do in movies. “Please enter momentarily of your volition Lachlan.”
Sherlock’s mind wasn’t processing the picture in front of him. All he saw was the previous picture and the look on John’s face.
John was in a bad way. But what Sherlock did not know was that he and gone out the same night he saw they were missing and bought ten miniature bottles of whiskey and hid them in various places. He never drank them, but they were there like a security blanket, he felt better knowing the alcohol was there if he ever felt the need to drown himself in that slow liquid death. In the sitting room, he kept the lights out and went directly to his chair reaching down into the cushions, looking for one of the bottles. He couldn’t find it. Okay, maybe Sherlock had found that one. He was turning towards a bookshelf when he heard, “John.”
Sherlock woke up deliciously warm. Stretching he wiped at his mouth, he had been drooling. It was then that he remembered where he was, John’s bed. Glancing over quickly he saw John smiling at him.
Samantha looked at Sherlock he looked more bored than threatening. Samantha looked back to John, took a deep breath and tried to smile.
“Sherrrrlock, that’s not it at all. You’ve been neglecting your cases too. It’s that young man you brought home isn’t it?”
“The closest thing he has to a loved one. Answer my question Dr Watson, do you intend to continue your relationship with Sherlock?”
Otakatay took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a heartbeat and then met John's gaze. "I call you brother to remind myself that that is all you will ever be to me. That is all I can ever hope to be to you. You've been in my mind, my heart, you know what confusion, what lust lies there. I don't know if it's my own or left over from Moriarty. Even if you felt some way towards me it could not happen, you are pledged to another."
John chuckled even though he couldn't see Sherlock’s face he could actually hear the pout he was sporting. Patting Sherlock’s hand he turned around. “I have to step out for about an hour, I wanted to make sure he hadn’t left any nasty surprises.”
A moment later there was a knock at the bedroom door. “My liege, we have found more of the traitors. Possibly the last of them.” Liam sighed dramatically. Leaning forward he placed a quick kiss on John’s forehead, “Stay safe boo.”
John reluctantly placed his hand in Sherlock’s he wasn’t sure how he felt about the whole thing. He knew he cared for his flatmate. They’ve been to Hell and back with and for one another, but was he really prepared to take a step in the opposite direction? And what if it was all just a joke or an experiment so that Sherlock could prove some kind of point, what then? John continued thinking hard not really realizing that Sherlock had pulled him into his arms until Sherlock’s hand settled against his lower back. He looked up at Sherlock, this was much closer than when Sherlock had taught him how to waltz for his wedding.
John listened to the music playing. After hearing Sherlock's explanation of how and why he creates his music, he couldn’t help but feel bad about the current piece playing. It was beautiful but so sad.
“Sounds like an unknown threat to me,” Delma said from the door. “Mansi and I will go to her and maybe we should lock her up in the cells.”
John reached for Sherlock’s hand, he often helped to not only magnify John's gifts but to focus them. Holding Sherlock’s hand this time brought no clarity, but he heard Sherlock suck in a sharp breath and then Otaktay was on the other side of him taking his free hand. The moment Otaktay’s fingers encircled John's the image of Samantha slammed in place crystal clear for only a second before shattering.
Sherlock stood up slowly keeping his eyes downcast, he visibly shook with rage. Sherlock stood quietly like that for some time. Liam and Mycroft having known Sherlock the longest watched with real trepidation. Sherlock was usually laidback but at times like this he could become fierce and unyielding.
Sherlock could tell that even though John was now noticeably calmer he was still not focused. Sherlock allowed his free hand to gently stroke John’s side, he nuzzled his ear humming softly.
“Ah, you’re right. Well Otaktay definitely met me in person under the same circumstances. Mansi and Delma met me in the middle of a fight with Moriarty's men.”
Samantha pushed herself out of John's arms and looked over Sherlock's shoulder at Otaktay. It was obvious he hadn't use regular means of entering the room. She sighed. She was supposed to be this big and powerful monster yet here she was being comforted by a human.
“Babe, I get it. Otaktay is important to you. Even if he wasn’t you would still be trying, I know. But has it occurred to you that a lot of the abilities you now possess are not those of a typical judge?”
Sherlock didn’t hear John’s rant, he completely zoned out after he heard the shorter man say he wasn’t alone anymore. The rational side of his brain argued that that was not how John meant it. But the hopeful more romantic part of his brain insisted that it was exactly what John meant and then it took it a step further by calling up images of the two of them holding hands, the way John’s face lit up when he smiled at him.
Sherlock the bastard actually zoned out and thought the matter over. John chuckled and began nibbling at Sherlock's neck. “You ass! Come back to me.” John slid in and out at a snail's pace, he wanted to share this with Sherlock not be in the moment alone. He kissed along Sherlock's brilliant jaw, nipping and licking his way back to that delicious neck. John had always had a thing for Sherlock's neck, it was long, pale and just begging to be marked.
In his bedroom, he perched on the corner of his bed. He didn’t really want to make this call but he recognised the fact that he was out of his depths. He dialled a number and waited for it to be picked up, the moment he heard Lestrade's friendly concerned voice asking was everything alright he blurted, “I kissed John.”
John folds his arms over his chest, clutches his elbows and anchors his myriad of emotions  in the painful feeling of his fingers digging into his arm. In the corner of his eye he sees several constables cordoning off the area leading to the air-raid shelter and people walking in and out, covered in plastic overalls and carrying sleek, metal, suitcases.
The television screen shifts to show various scenes of buildings ablaze. A warehouse. Cars. Shops. A row of smaller apartments. Paradise Gardens. Sirens cries out in the sky, clouds of smoke billows, red, and orange, yellow, and white, and black with sooth.
They clasp his hand and pat his shoulder, Molly shuffles past, sniffling into a handkerchief. John is glad there are no offers of apologies, nobody telling him they are sorry. There’s so many things John regrets that he’s not even able to tell them apart from the things he doesn’t.
read that in order to properly show my true support I should help you in your hour of need ie: coming out to your family. I should also show my commitment to our 'soulmate bond' by 'taking the next step' and meeting the other people in your life. Therefore I will visit your family. And if your parents would let me stay over, your friends.
"I don't know. Liam and Robert didn't look fun to be in a fight with." John has to agree with that, the two of them being well over six feet tall. Most of his bruises come from them two tackling him in training alone.
"For me, every day is Soulmate day with you," John grins, his voice taking on a teasing affliction with the knowledge of the overused and cheesy line, the one paraphrased in countless films and novels and songs. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“I like my professors. The ones who took me seriously, anyway. I hope I see them again next year, but the chances are slim. And miss having time to myself, without being constantly aware of my family’s presence.”
Their lips met half-way, and that's when John knew, with confidence, that he was finally in the right timeline, without the need to go back for any changes.
"This time, I am." Sherlock turned back to the girl. "Try seeing your head of house about it. Someone who won't be completely bored - "
“No different since I texted you this morning. I’ve managed to study a bit, though I hardly have access to the abundance of resources I did back at uni. Mostly been doing absolutely nothing of value. You?”
John smiled then pressed his lips to Sherlock's, soft and slow, but conveying vividly everything they both needed to say.
“No, no, no. Well, yeah. But, the thing is, I like you. I like cases and going out on stakeouts at 2 a.m and stitching you up after a fight with a criminal. I think I rather like the idea of doing that for as long as possible. With you.”
“Right. Wow.” John stared in awe at Sherlock. “That’s pretty amazing. So that’s why you can do the whole reading people thing.”
“Yeah,” he sighs. “It’s true what I said, though. I do want one. But I can’t really imagine myself at a desk job.”
As the conversation proceeded to turn into a debate about equality and politics (which, to John's surprise, Sherlock was actually taking part in), John's attention turned to the teachers, whose conversations he was somehow able to hear above the constant murmurs of the other students.
"Fine, you're right, you're right." John adjusts his hands, and together they begin to sway. "You don't think my dad will notice, will you?"
"Do you want to open some of the cards now? I can't allow you to have all of the sweets yet - you're still in recovery and all that sugar's not going to do you any good. But I'm sure some cardboard and ink won't do you any harm," Anthony winked as he walked over to gather up some of the cards and John's lips twitched, not quite strong enough to laugh yet.
“John, Rosie is hardly the first baby I’ve had to take care of,” Mrs Hudson huffs as she gently takes Rosie from him. “I know what I’m doing.”
"Your guinea pig," John explains. "For your experiment. You said so yourself; I hardly ever sleep anyway, and it means more proof for your experiment."
“The snipers? Hell yeah,” the boy grinned. The man struck him across the face and he fell to the floor with the force of it, the room falling silent and tense as though everyone had stopped breathing. The man crouched down beside the boy, who was clutching his cheek in shock. “What was that for?!"
John laid back down and opened his arms. Sherlock was just snuggling into them when there was a small hesitant knock at the door. Just assuming it was one of the usuals John called out for them to come in while Sherlock placed kisses on his collar bone.
“I’m not sure really. When we held hands I saw nothing, nothing unusual that is. And when Otaktay took John’s hand it felt like something fell into place and just for a moment it seemed like her face was distorted.”
“Not this bloody shit again,” John said quietly against Sherlock’s chest. But because everyone else in the room was vampires they heard him clearly.
presume to know any of us, least of all John. He is the most unpredictable person here. But he is also the most loyal, caring and selfless person I have ever met. He has been to Hell in back in a matter of months, nearly died several times and he may bitch about the weight of the task entrusted to him, but not once has he half assed his duties or just abandoned them. We do not coddle him, we do not make excuses for him, but we do offer him strength when his is low.” Sherlock paused to compose himself and Liam stepped up to the plate in a manner of speaking.
John started down the rope first and Rosie right behind him and then Sherlock. The sound of the giant’s footfalls was getting closer. Sherlock was afraid they wouldn't make it. On the ground Sherlock took lead. They would have to run across the open floor of the kitchen and if the giant happened upon them in that moment there would be no hiding. “You see that plant right across the room? There is a whole behind it, that is where I sleep. You will have to run as fast as you can.” Sherlock looked down at Rosie and ruffled her hair. “You can run fast right?” Her eyes were already big with fear.
John sat up straighter hearing the anguish in Sherlock’s voice. Maybe he was serious and not just putting him on. “You never told me why you left. You never explained any of it to me!”
“I hate that bloody place. Can’t you resign?” Sherlock grinned. Mycroft was absolutely miserable. “I don’t like being away from you under the circumstances.” Mycroft continued.
“Have you been crying, Sherlock? Perhaps I have kept you rather secluded. But I do need you, you are the only being I know that can control the weather.”
Back on the street, John stood next to Sherlock, neither of them speaking. When a cab pulled up John held the door open for Sherlock and climbed in behind him. John knew this game. He had to wait Sherlock out. He was upset and emotional and would only speak on what was bothering him when
John chuckled and looked over to see the man studying him. “Intriguing? What about you? How did you-”
John was painfully aware of the fact that Sherlock was still holding his hand. “Sherlock, I’m not going to let you swing me around this bloody circle like I was some little tyke.”
“She said they're all booked up and there was nothing she could do. I don’t know if that is true or just payback.”
Alasdair smiled at Sherlock, I can feel all of my blood family and sired offspring. I feel you Sherlock you shine so bright amongst my sired offspring and even among my blood. I am proud to say we are related.”
“No. I’m sorry John for all the things I’ve done to make you think this could be just another joke.” Sherlock tried to pull away from John but he held on firmly.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, he felt John had laid himself bare, and he could see, really see his blogger loved him. He nodded his head slightly and when John gave him that brilliant smile of his he knew he had done the right thing.
"Then someone else who already finds Sherlock attractive will be hit with it. You have exceptional control, not everyone does. And not everyone wants to control it.”
John and Sherlock were sitting outside in a private section of a fancy restaurant, Sherlock had grabbed a bite before coming. The men were laughing and talking about something trivial when a woman came and sat down at he their table.
“My husband has been using black magic for ages. He conceals his true nature with it. Don’t let him divide you, you are stronger together.” Fíona stood and caressed John’s cheek as she did, “You remind me so much of my brother.”
“Actually Samantha, you will be staying in the council's quarters. Everything you need is there. Your own room, kitchen with supplies and bathrooms.”
John and Sherlock met Mycroft and the Holmeses father in the hallway as they were heading out to the great lawn. There was just now a lightening of the sky. Sherlock’s mother and Mrs. Hudson were already seated, John was surprised to see Mrs. Hudson seated in the area reserved for family. Of course he and Sherlock thought of her as family but he never thought Mycroft did. John and the Holmes men, stood in the back off to the side as the guest slowly filled up the seats. Finally the officiant took his place at the front. The last row people of the wedding party walked up. Lestrade and his father.
“John…” Sherlock attempted to stop John’s potentially damaging chat, but Sherlock only got a finger telling him to wait.
in the air. And lastly, his hand was in Otaktay’s pyjamas wrapped around his member. He had jerked Otaktay off to completion, and that was why he smelled sex in the room. But he now also realised he was hard as a rock as was John who was still pressed against him.
They didn’t speak as they made their way through the warehouse, just in case the people weren't here alone. John’s mobile vibrated in his pocket, it was Lestrade, he’d sent a text letting them know he had arrived with back up, but only he was coming in.
“Really?” John began plating the food. He had cooked eggs, bacon, fried tomatoes, fried bread and baked beans.
John sat up abruptly, his breath coming fast and choppy. He wiped a hand over his wet face. John Watson had just woken up from another nightmare. He was shivering from the sweat that covered his body in the air conditioned flat. He had been having a variation of this dream for the past 6 months. He thought maybe he should see someone about this grief like he did the last time he’d lost someone important to him. A lot of good that had done. Going to see Ella when he had thought Sherlock had died never gave him any resolution, she just served as a test for the rest of the world, to gauge if his faking, his saying he was fine had gotten more believable. To test if he could live his life on the surface as if everything was okay and back to normal while below the surface, he was a cesspool of conflicting emotions.
“Can you please try. And I will try as well.” John gave Delma a hopeful smile, squeezed Sherlock’s hand and delved back in.
Sherlock gave him a knowing look and replied, “You never ask something simply for the sake of asking, what’s on your mind, John?” Sherlock placed a finger under John’s chin making him look at him.
Hyde was in human form and he noticed Samantha looking at him curiously. He walked over to the woman offering his hand, “Hi Samantha, I’m Hyde, we met virtually.” Samantha’s eyes got big with realization. “Don’t worry I don’t bite, in this form.”
“If I had I wouldn’t know there was something better in store for me.” Sherlock sat up allowing John to get up and get his phone. But instead of sitting back down John proceeded to snap pictures of the outside of the box.
John sat, he started to take Sherlock's hands but was unsure what was going on so refrained from doing so.
“Are you sure you want to do this John?” Liam questioned, “Otaktay did say he had been having a tough time of it. The last time you did this the three of you became infected.”
John reached into the side table and pulled out the lube, squirting a healthy dose into his hand, he let it down between Sherlock's cheeks.
“I noticed when you ordered your drink the bartender offered you the two for one special, you declined and offered the second drink to the man sitting alone at the end of the bar. The guy waved to you like it was an old habit of yours. You paid for your drink right out and didn’t open a tab.”
"If you wanted to take down a group of people or an organisation, what would be the quickest way to do that?"
John smiled at Sherlock’s empty threat, at least he hoped it was empty. As he slid back to gain access to more of Sherlock’s chest he felt Sherlock’s erection poke at his arse.
“Wait Sherlock, first off, Samantha how can you still be alive and look so young? And why is it risky for you to be around Otaktay?”
“Uh no. We were still in denial and as I remember I had to rush you home because Moriarty...well you remember.”
As they continued on John heard a noise, he didn’t want to tell Sherlock holding his hand was putting him at a distinct disadvantage. Something had Sherlock spooked, he didn’t normally seek comfort of any type, let alone cling to John like a damsel in distress. The noise came again and acting on instinct John dropped Sherlock’s hand and reached for his gun. But it wasn’t in his holster. John turned to Sherlock and the detective passed the gun to him, butt first. They stood silently listening to the night. When the sound came again John grabbed Sherlock’s hand, mindful to take his left hand leaving his own left hand holding the gun. John had qualified with both hands but he was much better shot with his dominant hand. Reaching a new room John signalled for Sherlock to wait. They listen for several more minutes when John heard talking.
“Right. Well, if Alasdair does try something with us, he’ll likely overlook you simply because you will be partially hidden behind me. Your height in this instance is an advantage.”
Sherlock walked over to John and took him by his hands. "Come with me John, you need some fresh air."
John ground his hips down against Sherlock, creating much needed friction. Both men moaned out with how good it felt. “Shh, I think Mrs. Hudson has the room next to us.” John blurted out quickly.
“Either way it is not something I believe the Unhcegila can do,” Alasdair answered. He sat down on the bed between Sherlock and Liam, he placed a hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “However, there was a vampire I use to know of, beautiful, vivacious, but as vile as they come. One of her abilities was she could change the physical make up of her body, make herself invisible at will, I even saw her turn into smoke before. And before you ask, she is one of the first vampires and that is why she did not need an invitation inside.”
Instead of being mad about Sherlock’s rudeness Fíona smiled, seeming to be genuinely amused by his actions. “I came to warn you about my husband. He isn’t what he seems.”
John stood behind Sherlock holding him around the waist, it allowed the vampire to speak to Liam, although with the height difference you really only saw his arms.
“There isn’t any relationship, I assure you.” The man was smirking at John, that smirk grated on his nerves, made him want to plant a punch right in the middle of his round smug face.
“I’m not saying this to be mean; I’m saying this to bring your attention to it. You are a part of this family. You are wanted here. Even Sherlock feels this way.” John smiled when Otaktay shot Sherlock a look to confirm, and Sherlock gave him the meh face. “Bottom line Otaktay, we care, and I want to try and heal you, the old fashioned way, with love, kindness and dare I say it, a little cuddling. If it is okay with the love of my life, I want to invite you to sleep in the bed with us tonight. I think it will help on different fronts. Sherlock?”
"Well, you don't love him, you can barely stomach him most days. What else might my brother offer you?"
John found Rosie waiting patiently by the front door; he inhaled down and tightened her scarf about her neck and face and made sure her hat was snug. Even though she had her snow boots on he had no intentions of letting Rosie trek through the snow, the drifts were too high and her clothes would get wet quickly and she’d catch a cold. “Come along Rosie, climb on my back and we’ll go deliver the mail to Sherlock. Rosie giggled as she climbed aboard and then the duo were off.
“No offense and nothing personal, you’re just not integral to our fight and as you can see you complicate things.”
“Good questions. I don’t know. It can’t be a human vs vampire thing because Alasdair and Sherlock are both vampires. And I’m not convinced it’s because I am so desirable. I seriously don’t think Alasdair
Sherlock stood in front of Samantha. “Hello again. So John tells me you think we all hate you and you want to go home.”
“Sorry? Why would you apologise for the weather?” John smiled at Sherlock, he looked so embarrassed.
It was a slightly longer trip than the night he and John had made it going in the opposite direction, but people were out and about working and heading home and all the other stuff that people did in the early evening. By the time he reached the place he had already rehashed that entire night and he was thankful he always wore a long coat. Stepping out of the cab he took in a deep breath trying to steady himself. Once inside he decided to forego the elevator and headed up the long winding stairs instead to the first floor where the party had taken place; he was sure that would be where he would find Lestrade.
“When John’s ticket was pulled it was by the pretty lady who had been seated to his left during breakfast, Sherlock had to fight not to go and snatch John away from her greedy paws.
Roughly two hours after sending John and Rosie to safety, Sherlock stumbled wearily into his living quarters fully expecting both John and Rosie to be asleep. What he found instead was the small girl curled up asleep and her father sitting at the foot of the bed as if waiting for something. Sherlock wondered what it would be like to go to bed with someone. To have that person wait up for him just so they could fall asleep together.
Sherlock turned his gaze to the father of all vampires, “Your behaviour was inexcusable. I will continue to tolerate you because your transgression was against me and not John. Had it been him just know you wouldn’t be standing here now.”
“Yeah me too. I think making a type of conservatory in the council’s quarters for times like this would be a great idea.”
“Men, women, it’s all the same thing really. But I couldn’t have turned him down had there been a gun to my head. Anyways, we went back to his flat, fooled around-”
John smiled at the other man. “No. I’m never careless with my wallet. My only question is did you kiss me simply to relieve me of my wallet?”
Sherlock’s smile faltered and John rushed to amend his statement. “Not that it isn’t lovely now. Did you pick it out yourself?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. Looking down, sure enough, there was a small puddle of saliva on John’s chest that dripped down to pool on the bed. “So sorry ‘bout that,” Sherlock stated as he sat up, not making eye contact.
“Thank you ladies. Now I just need Mycroft to pay attention and tell me how he feels about her.” John turned to leave but Delma put a restraining hand on his shoulder, “How do
Sherlock lost track of how long he held Otaktay like that, honestly, he had zoned out his mind taking refuge in his mind palace as he liked to call it. It was where he went to solve complex problems or just to take a break from reality. What brought him back was the gentle yet hesitant press of lips against his chest. John had dozed off at some point; his arms wrapped loosely around himself and their guest; John was still pressed intimately against his back, and Sherlock found that reassuring.
Several minutes later he was laying Sherlock down on his bed. Promptly removing his wet clothes. Sherlock still hadn’t come back to himself. John pulled the blankets over Sherlock’s still shivering form and went to fetch more. He piled 3 more of his warmest blankets atop the man. John stood for a moment watching Sherlock. The love that swelled in his heart left no room for debate, he was definitely in love with this brilliant, talented, reclusive and stubborn man.
Both Sherlock and John looked at Mycroft confused before it finally sunk in. “Really Mycroft? They screwed up on our reservation. Wait, is that what you meant by finally?”
John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck with his nose appreciating the unique scent of Sherlock. He always seemed to smell of baby powder, tobacco and something slightly more masculine. John nipped at the skin just below Sherlock’s ear lobe, producing a low, deep whine from the man beneath him. It sent a jolt straight to John's cock and he moaned with the feeling of arousal.
“Where’s my brother?” He burst into the room without being invited. Taking a quick glance at John the bed and the state of Sherlock Mycroft said, “Bout bloody time. Now get up Sherlock I need your help.”
When they walked in all eyes turned to them. There were faces present that Sherlock was not familiar with, but at least he knew everyone in the actual ceremony. Lestrade, Molly, and Mycroft. Also himself and John. Sherlock didn’t miss the questioning look thrown his way by Lestrade nor the smug look of satisfaction from Mycroft. But most satisfying was the swift kick his mother delivered to Mycroft under the table.
John had been gone a little longer than he had intended but he had stopped to pick up some food from the grocer's. He wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock had already opened the box and was halfway to a theory. But when he walked in the door Sherlock was half laying half sitting up asleep on the couch. John approached, bending low to brush a kiss across Sherlock’s upturned lips. It seemed to him that Sherlock’s lips had been made for kissing. John stood up before he could give in to the desire to kiss the sleeping man again.
Sherlock couldn’t touch enough of John, his hands were everywhere as was his mouth, he alternated between John’s lips, neck and shoulders; kissing and biting. “John!” Sherlock gasped.
John smirked and leaned away. “Nope. We must be discreet, for now.” John whispered. “Come on, we might as well go back to the room. I’m sure the Inn’s people would like to clean up and set up for the reception tomorrow.”
“It’s fine. Turn over.” John raised up on his knees allowing Sherlock to flip over, he now had a perfect unobstructed view of Sherlock's world class arse. Settling down he straddled Sherlock right below his arse cheeks. For shits and giggles he squirted the lotion directly onto Sherlock’s back. Sherlock gave a yelp of surprise when the cool lotion hit his back. John couldn’t help it, he laughed. He began to massaging the lotion into Sherlock’s back, smoothing it down his back and arse.
“But if you ever find yourself in need, contact us and we’ll see what we can do.” Sherlock raced off at his top speed and was back before John could even protest. “Otaktay, just drop her off at the airport and come right back.” Sherlock scooped John up in his arms and was off again. A few seconds later they heard John cry out followed by a string of obscenities.
Against his better judgement, Sherlock blurted out what he had been thinking this past couple of months. "Yes!" Sherlock whispered harshly, "In which you're supposed to marry the love of your life. That
“The airport is in the other direction,” Liam said to Sherlock. There was no reply. After driving roughly fifteen minutes Sherlock pulled off the road, driving through some shrubbery, they were still in the middle of nowhere when Sherlock slammed on the breaks. Liam hopped out the car preparing to follow John, what he saw surprised and scared him just a little. Sherlock’s eyes were as white as John’s, the two of them still holding hands exited the car on Sherlock’s side. Liam fell back a little as he shadowed the two men. John was moving briskly through the foliage pulling Sherlock behind him. Abruptly they stopped and started digging with their hands, Liam helped not knowing what they were digging for. They didn’t have to dig long before he found out. Delma was laying there looking dead to the world. John held up his wrist and Sherlock bit into it gently guiding his hand over to Delma’s mouth, allowing the blood to drop inside. Liam noticed he was very careful to not actually press John’s wrist to her mouth. All the while their eyes were still white. After a moment Delma’s eyes sprang open. “Die Mutter des Todes!”
“All right then. Sherlock you and I should go next. I want to see if I sense anything on my own first and if not I want you to lend me a hand.”
Mike chuckled, “No, he barely has any friends. I think you would be better off approaching him, he’s not very good with people.”
Seeing the unasked question in the other man’s eyes Sherlock elaborated, “I was raised in this house and the only other people I have ever met were the giant’s meals and your little girl.”
Sherlock sat up in the bed. He didn’t know if he could do this but he had to try. He ran a hand through his hair roughly. He needed help. He turned the light back on and waited for John to return.
John fought to get himself under control; stilling himself he pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s struggling to breathe.
Sherlock looked away, feeling vulnerable, “Because you care for me. And you know I like a good locked-door mystery.”
John quickly sat back down in his seat and picked up the paper again. He was glad Sherlock wasn’t allowing the kiss to make things awkward between them, he was being his normal acerbic self. Honestly, John just really wanted to kiss Sherlock again and he was a bit cranky. Things seemed to be back to normal, John was scared of rejection and Sherlock seemed unapproachable. John pulled out a notepad and wrote down a couple of points of interest from the paper. Naturally, he would have Sherlock look it over but he couldn’t seem to move past the kiss. “You kissed
“How do you know?” The alleged killer began to speak and both John and Sherlock yelled at him to shut up.
“Oh. I didn’t know you were coming and the other one melted. I’ll have to make you a new one.” Sherlock started for the far side of the table.
“My point is I don’t know where I stand with you now. I don’t want things to be weird or for you to feel like I’m pressuring you, but I have
John was as relaxed as he could possibly get. He wasn’t sure why he couldn’t focus as well as he normally did, especially in a crisis. But having Sherlock there holding him helped.
“When you and I met, you were quite fragile, and I did not miss how close you were to breaking. Did you have your suicide planned out? Where and how you were going to do it?”
Sherlock had been waiting here for John to wake up and come down, but when he’d heard him on the stairs he’d almost bolted. It wasn’t until he heard John that the state of his undress became apparent, and normally he wouldn’t let things like that bother him, but he had been up all night thinking over yesterday. He suspected that John not only cared about him but was in love with him. And now he was feeling panicked and scared. For what he couldn’t say, technically nothing had changed between them, but now Sherlock’s eyes were open. “Good morning John, I was waiting for you.”
“How far do you want to take this? Let me know now because I’m not a saint, and you are making it pretty hard-”
Looking around the small room John noticed Delma was cradling Mansi in her arms now and Alasdair was on the floor leaning over Liam. Jumping up he went to the duo, “Is he okay? Did I do this?”
He walked to the sitting room and dropped like a sack of potatoes into his chair. The cure. Someone had destroyed their cure.
John bolted up in the bed, his heart was racing as he looked next to him where Otaktay should've been.
John’s voice dropped, he pronounced each word carefully and deliberately as if that would make Otaktay provide him with the answer he wanted quicker. “How do I get out of here?”
When they were both shirtless they stared at one another for a moment before falling back together. John couldn’t get enough of Sherlock. Framing his angular face with his hands John slowed down the kiss, taking some of the nervous energy with it. He slowly kissed Sherlock, kissing the corners of his mouth, lightly sucking on his bottom lip. He carded a hand through Sherlock’s hair giving him better control of them kiss. He nipped at Sherlock’s mouth until he granted him entrance. Wanting to keep the kiss slow John ran his tongue around the entrance, tasting the man before him.
“Alright boys. I’m going to have my soother and retire as well. I’ve had a long trip and an exciting night. Can’t wait for the wedding tomorrow. I just love weddings.”
“Well, there’s your problem right there Sherlock, you’re running hot and cold, one moment you seem interested and available and the next you’re you, being a right arse. The poor bloke probably doesn’t know where he stands with you, how he should handle you.”
“That’s as good a reason as any. But if no one in the room is attracted to anyone else, it is quite possible it will manifest as rage.” John stayed quiet for several minutes before speaking again.
John was sitting at the bar when the commotion started. Cursing under his breath he took a deep sip of his scotch. He couldn’t believe it, a bloody fight, in here? The whole reason he enjoyed coming to the gay bars was because there was hardly ever any fights. Turning around to see what the fuss was about he saw two men, they had some poor bloke cornered. John couldn’t see the man but he could hear him, he was clearly trashed, but to make matters worst, the two bullies had no clue they were even in a gay bar. They were accusing the man of checking them out. They were yelling all sorts of derogatory and inflammatory comments, and even in his drunken state, the solo man annihilated them. He had quite the vocabulary and he used it expertly, verbally walking circles around them, insulting them in ways they couldn’t understand.
“Course. If you were still serving in the Queen's Army I’m sure you wouldn't have been out tonight, and I wouldn't have had the good fortune of being saved by the most intriguing of men.”
“That is true, and I know him better than you do. He is lying. Oh, he may throw some half-truths in there, or even appear to confide in you but believe me when I tell you that he means you no good.”
“Listen boo, if anything John coddles us, makes excuses for us. Besides, he is new to our world and no instruction book was given to him about being a judge, mistakes are bound to happen but in my opinion he hasn’t made any so I think you seriously need to step off.”
John picked up the notepad with the woman’s name on it. Running it through the database he found that she had indeed served in the army. “She did as well. I’m going to check the internet and see if I can find and scandals against them.”
John took pity on Sherlock. “Just this once Sherlock. I’ll give you what you want but in the future tell me what you want.” John closed his mouth over the head of Sherlock’s prick, running his tongue around the glans in a clockwise motion. Sherlock moaned loudly and arched off the bed. John smiled as he placed a hand on Sherlock’s stomach anchoring him down.
“Uh yeah actually, baby steps with this one Molly. I wouldn’t want to scare him back into his shell.” John winked at Sherlock and continued with his task.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how he should act around the man. They had made out like a bunch of randy school kids and Sherlock had stolen his wallet. “What brings you here?” Sherlock said quietly, struggling to hold eye contact.
At some point, John became aware of the fact that Sherlock’s dressing gown was soaked from his tears, secondly and probably most importantly, Sherlock was singing quietly to him as he rocked him. He felt a kiss pressed into his hair.
Sherlock determined to get John to do what he wanted, wrapped his legs around him and pulled him into a kiss.
Sherlock was off sulking in a corner. He hated this; forcing people to be social and interact. Why on earth should he be forced to watch John fight off the intentions of all the available women? Maybe he should  go over there and drag John off by his hair. He was his.
“I remember you calling love a chemical defect found on the losing side, a string of pointless transmission between neurons.”
"Oh, this is precious" the man smirks. He curves towards John and runs his hand roughly through John´s hair, smoothing it back. "You´re such a young, delicate little thing." He tells John, quiet and harsh and grim.
This is the location of the first….he doesn’t want to call it safe house, even if that is probably the most appropriate name for it.
The door is heavy and it takes both him and Glen Reese to push it open. When they step outside, John drinks the cool, crisp night air as if he was drowning. It’s raining and he turns his face to the sky, letting the rainfall wash away the smell of sweat, vomit and blood.
John remembers Lestrade watching him at Sherlock’s funeral while Molly couldn’t look him in the eye. They must have seen it already then, how Sherlock’s death was affecting him. Still they sent him home alone to an empty flat and let him slowly sink.
Sam’s keen eyes watch his every movement, mirroring John’s gesture. He looks so intent that John can’t help but draw parallels to Sherlock working on something fiendishly clever. He knows a child will always take after the Alpha because the biological imperative is to continue the genetic inheritance of the Alpha.
They eat for a moment in silence. It’s not an uncomfortable one, but there’s a noticeable tension in the air and John cannot stop studying Glen Reese’s every movement: the way his chin wobbles when he chews, the way his fingers look even fatter dabbing the thin napkins to the corner of his fleshy lips.
“I’m sorry” John says, scraping his lip against Sherlock’s lower lip, “I’m sorry I have feelings for you. I’m sorry I’m sorry I bring  this out in you-”
“You didn’t go there to argue legality and ethics.” DI Dregs continues, stretching his body across the table until his long legs brushes against John’s shoes. The touch is barley tactual, but it is enough to send unpleasant shivers along the back of his legs to the base of his spine. John presses his lips together to a thin line and yanks his shoes away from DI Dregs’s presence.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says, but John still browses his chart, making a considerate noise at the medical jargon.
“It’s not been long since he was decapitated, three-four hours at most. We’ve got gravity to thank for the blood. That puts time of death somewhere at three or four am. Again, further analysis will give us a more precise estimation.”
“Oh,” John accepts her hand, her grip is surprisingly strong and firm, defiantly not the hands of an office worker. She smells of the pungent scent of soap and disinfectant, and it reminds him more of hospital cleaning supplies than what one would use for regular house cleaning.
"It can store over a hundred bodies" she’d enthused over lunch "and CCTV with a live link to the post mortem rooms allows senior officers and investigations to watch the forensic pathologist at work without the smell."
Sherlock stands at their stove, frying eggs, sausages, tomatoes and beans. Slices of bread have been put in a toaster rack John didn’t even know they had.
Lestrade has just finished his first sandwich and is contemplating eating the carrot sticks or chucking them in the bin when there is a soft knock on the door.
“They finished the transfer,” Sherlock says, “they are scanning it for potential viruses or anything that might decide to destroy a file if you try to open it. He is hopeful that they’ll have some information tomorrow.”
There’s no response and John moves carefully across the room. He wonders if Sherlock is asleep and gently places a hand on his shoulder. It feels like touching something electric, the jolt runs up his arm and sends goosebumps scattering down his neck and spine.
“It’s a good thing we’re not Bonded,” John says. Sherlock looks at him, as if suddenly stung. His mind skips back along their exchange, wondering if he’s erred and how he needs to correct his mistake.
“If it’s honesty you want, I will not assuage your fears. I get nothing from her, she is a black hole to me.”
rude and it could have waited. But I hope you know I was joking about christening all the rooms, I was just joking, messing with Liam.”
John cut off Sherlock’s words with a gentle kiss, licking into his mouth slowly while he cradled his face between his hands. “Sherlock, that stops today. I’m going to show you how sex is way more than a physical release.”
John woke up confused. He remembered going to bed the night before. In his bed. Alone. But he was certain that that was a cold nose pressed against his back. And cold hands and feet burrowed beneath him. Rolling over John faced Sherlock. Sherlock was staring at him.
Smiling at the sheer thought that Sherlock was here with them John went to fetch some hot tea and broth so that when Sherlock snapped out of his reprieve he could get hot liquids in him.
John stared up at Sherlock and Otaktay. Their mouths were moving but he couldn’t hear anything above the ringing in his ears. And why were they above him like that? It was when John realized he was on the floor. Looking around everything looked brighter and sharper like someone had adjusted the image of the world bringing it into sharp focus.
John got Sherlock's meaning loud and clear. Grinning down at the infuriating detective John slid slowly out and then thrust hard and quick. “Is this what you want Sherlock? A quick, hard shag?” John slowed his strokes and kissed Sherlock reverently, “Or, will you allow me to make love to you slowly and thoroughly?”
The men lay in silence for several strained minutes. Finally, John turned to face Sherlock before he could think himself out of it. “What are we laying on?”
John’s hand slipped and the egg he had been about to crack open slipped into the bowl whole. Leaving the egg where it was for the time being John turned to Sherlock, “Excuse me?”
“Okay, now where does that bring us with Ms. Samantha?” Sherlock asked again.Feeling John's eyes on him he turned and looked at him, John was giving Sherlock a look that said he wanted him right then and there. “Um, Samantha, just curious, when you are under duress does your influence to drive people mad with desire, love and jealousy heighten?”
"Well, this might be a good time to suggest adding a bit of navy, it-" Sherlock paused turning to stare at John, "It brings out your eyes, makes them sparkle."
Entering the gym John saw it wasn’t empty, Alasdair was currently doing squats with weights with the pull-down bar. John made eye contact with Alasdair, nodding to him as he started to stretch. John wasn’t in the mood for small talk or talking of any nature, to be honest. He knew that he needed to get to know this man but he had no desire to do it at the moment. He just wanted to lose himself in his workout.
“I have to try. It would be better to part with the giant on good terms than to try and trick him or run away.”
“Maybe you should send one of them with him.” Alasdair suggested pointing at Mansi and Delma as Otaktay and Samantha disappeared out the door.
Sam gargles happily, extending both his arms at John. John moves across the table to extract him from the high chair, using a napkin to wipe Sam’s face and fingers clean. Sherlock watches the carefree and easy way the two of them navigate back around the table, and feels a pang of something. Jealousy? Pride?
“I saw it on the telly, it was just down the street here, wasn’t it?” There’s a faint tinge to her cheeks. “I feel sorry about the poor man, but it is nice with something to…liven up the dreary days.” Mrs. Hudson says and Lestrade realizes that she’s reminiscing about the good old days, when murder and mystery were commonplace in 221B.
Sam pinches two of his fingers together in a perfect mimicry of an okay symbol, shaking his chubby hand and pointing at John’s cup.
“The valve isn’t working. You know how it is with these old radiators….” She winks at him, as though they are sharing a great secret.
But Sherlock needs him, needs John to be a barrier of reason and common sense and to insist that  he needs the occasional sandwich or bottle of water to keep himself alive. He needs John when Sherlock´s bouts of boredom and melancholy drive Sherlock to engage members of the gangs in London into a deadly game of hide and seek. To remind Sherlock to form a plan and not just wait and spring the trap, just to prove to everyone how smart he is.
“What was it?” Sherlock asks and John is one terrified heartbeat away from tackling Allen Farren to the ground to keep him quiet.
The list continues, little drabs and drips of observations that he has catalogued and stored until his list was so comprehensive it became a book, then trilogy, then a series, until it filled an entire bookshelf, a whole room and then an entire wing of his Mind Palace. He might even have to consider additional complexes.
"No, no sorry, I can´t" Glen says, "I told the police this, I couldn’t even tell you if it was an old or a young person."
