"And then some." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Your.. er.. lets say your sort of uncle is pretty much the head of the government, so there are quite a few methods to get rid of people that bother you." he said and smirked, already envisioning to deport everyone who would even so much as think about harming Charlie or Rosie to the most awful prisons he could find.
"Remind me to never annoy John, okay?" Sherlock said and chuckled, "Reacting a little dramatic to these things seems to be a family trait." he said and Rich shook his head, "No, he's right. I'd be incredibly pissed off in his situation, he has every right to hate me. I messed up. I shouldn't have kept him in the dark like that."
"Only /a bit/?" Sherlock asked and chuckled, emptying his glass before he poured himself another one."By the way... We should go and get a Christmas tree soon, I don't want to end up with a veteran tree.." he said and chuckled lightly.
Lowell chuckled a little, "Let's go then." he said and stepped off the stage, before held out his hand to help her down as well. "Are you really against the idea of them dating at some point in the future?" Sherlock asked looking at John, having watched the scene with a smile, their surprise had definitely worked out.
"No, not yet, we got engaged." John told her with a grin, still a bit disbelieving. "But that means Sherlock has officially agreed to marry me in the future." Charlie smiled at that. "Wow, congrats!"
"Mhm.." William hummed and walked around a corner where they wouldn't be seen by the librarian, "I really appreciate what you're doing for me here, you know." he said as he sat down on the floor.
Sherlock shrugged, "Maybe.. if they want me. Although that would mean I'd quit uni.. I won't be much of a help there if I can only come there every now and again." he said and frowned, "Would you mind that?"
"Let me guess, it's gonna be a glittery, pink princess room, yeah?" John asked with a fond chuckle. "I refuse to furnish a room like that for your other sibling though." He added with a laugh.
"Yeah, I believe that. So I'm due on Friday. What about you?"John asked with a chuckle, not really fond of the idea of carrying that brain into uni.
John smiled back at her, though there definitely was some surprise in his look as well. "I'll tell her. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to hear that." John said and glanced at his boyfriend that was meant to convey something along the lines of 'Jesus I'm so glad you've come with me today'.
Sherlock smiled into the kiss, before deepening it, moving them to pin John against the counter. He knew that they probably wouldn't get anywhere today if they kept going at this pace with their snog stops, but he just couldn't help it.
"Okay, let's stand over here." John told Rosie and positioned them in front of the tree with still enough space in the middle for Sherlock. "I think we did a really good job decorating it, what do you think?"
"Uh huh, I have." Rosie said and Mr Miller nodded in confirmation, smiling at John and Sherlock, "Anytime." he said and chuckled a little, "Just one question though.. do you really eat cake that has tomato juice in it?" he asked curiously, "Rosie asked for something like that.." he said and Sherlock frowned a little, trying to determine if the man was just thinking it's strange or if the man was a vampire and wanted to know if they were. "Uh.. yeah. It's a sort of family recipe." he said, carefully watching the other man's expression, "Right.. well next time you make it, it'd be great if you could leave a slice for me. I'm rather curious about that one."
"Hm?" Sherlock asked having been a bit too busy with the idea that Victor's brother had just showed up at his flat. "Oh! No. No, I'm sorry, love.." he said and smiled at John, walking over to him and pecking his cheek as he remembered his tendency to get jealous. "I should probably introduce you two.. John.. this is Lowell.. who's.. well, I suppose my brother and law seems fitting.. even though Victor and I couldn't get married."
"Good thing you got those tickets two weeks ago." John commented with a warm chuckle. "How is the tutoring going by the way? Is that why you want to work as a teacher now?" He asked, coming to stand next to him and wrapping an arm around his boyfriend's middle.
Charlie moved to sit back down next to John, who glanced down at his lap before sighing and looking at his parents again. "I'll get straight to it. I've been thinking a lot about the fact that a lot of people closest to me are vampires. My prospective husband, our daughters, my sister and her wife, just to name the most important.." He began and swallowed, before his father cut in. "So you want to take our opinion on turning into account then, is that it?" "I mean, I did talk to you about it on the fishing trip." John said said before just getting it out. "As a matter of fact I already made the decision to turn after thinking a lot about it. Sherlock helped me do it last Friday night."
"Heavens, three weeks?" Violet asked him, looking with shocked, before going to the reasons why he could've ended up there; he'd either told someone about vampirism or his homosexuality... Heavens, she had a good idea what a sanatorium looked like like back then.. "How did you get out of there again?"
"Wait hang on, you were a comrade of our grandfather?" Harry asked with a frown and looked and Clara, "Is it just me, or are our families really ridiculously entwined already even without the fact that you're going to marry John and I married your cousin?" she went on and Sherlock laughed, "No.. I noticed that too, actually. Anyway, I'll just quickly go to the bathroom, John you can continue the story." he said, realising since they were all nearly finished eating, he could reveal his secret surprise for John.
"Yeah, she's got her heart in the right place." Viktor said with a nod. "So, do you think you'll end up getting a dog after all?" He asked with a chuckle. "By all means, you don't seem like the kind to say no to them."
"That's a nice idea." John chuckled. "We'd both really appreciate it if you'd be flower girls that day." John said, remembering that promise. Charlie grinned at that, since that was news to her. "Yeah, we'd love to, don't we?" She asked Rosie with a smile.
"Well yeah.. basically.." Sherlock said and looked at her, visibly dumbfounded at the question, "I mean.. it's food .. were you thinking we'd use food against you and like.. ration it to make you behave the way we want you to?" he asked and frankly that was a ludicrous idea. He sure wasn't going to stop trying to find out more about the network and what they could do to stop them, but he wouldn't even think about using methods like that.
"It's fine. I know it's an awful thing to think about." John said gently, bringing his hand up to cup his cheek. "I wish I could give you a better answer, but I can't right now."
"Don't look at your feet, lean just a little back when you walk and always put your heel down first." Donna said, finally finding an area of expertise here and now actually having a genuine smile on her face as she watched Charlie take her first few steps in heels, which made Donna slightly more likeable in Sherlock's opinion, though not likeable enough to stop calling her wrong names.
John couldn't contain his laugh, though he coughed to cover it up. "Really? Good for them, I guess. Did Greg go very much into detail or why do you you look like you've found a spleen in the microwave?:
Charlie grinned too at that. "You've got brilliant gift ideas, you know that?" She chuckled, because really she wasn't half as creative as Rosie. "Seriously, I'm pretty sure, they'll love it." She smiled; now she only had to find a good present for Rosie herself.
"Hold on a moment..." She said and went to her computer to check the teacher's schedule. "He's currently teaching ninth and tenth grade maths in room A203. It's right upstairs and the class should end in about fifteen minutes. Tell him to talk to me about your arrangement, please." She told Sherlock, now looking back at the two men.
"You could tell them that I wanted to try out a short-cut to the café and we ended up getting mugged in a small alley. You tried to fight the girl off, but got punched instead, but we ended up getting away." Charlie offered after a moment, as John took a closer look at Ron's nose.
"That's true. And it's incredible how much I can and do depend on you.." John looked at him with a smile. "On the whole you're the only person next to who I can let my guard down. I feel like we're taking turns at that in a way. I know I don't have to be alert or 'put-on' all the time, because there's you."
"Yeah, perfect." Charlie said with a smile and put Rosie's toiletries bag into her suitcase. "There we go. Now there's only your toys left and then we can put your bag next to mine.
"Sure, I'll drive you there." John said with a nod. "That's the least I can do. I'll just go upstairs for a minute and check if Rosie and Sherlock are okay." He said and stood up, wondering what they were doing up there. Charlie gave Ron his peas back. "You know you.. don't have to meet up with me anymore now that you know what you're getting yourself into."
"Okay." Rosie said, setting her cup down next to Charlie's, before taking her hand and following her up the stairs, while Sherlock turned around to John, "Don't start. I know she's too young for a phone." he began, figuring John would want to talk about that. "The thing is, if someone breaks in when we're out and gets past Mrs Hudson, which is doubtful, but not impossible, and they take Charlie, Rosie should have a way to call us without leaving her potential hiding place, plus, if she was taken, the GPS signal would help us out a great deal given that it would take a while until someone would get the idea to search a four year old for a phone." he finished, walking over to John and wrapping his arms around his middle.
"I don't know.. maybe later.." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes as he saw the door of Mycroft's house opening, "There he comes how delightful..." he said and let out a faked gagging sound.
"Bye! Come back soon!" Ally chirped, watching the four of them while Sherlock lifted Rosie up on his arm, "John can Amber and Paul have those allergy shots too?" she asked with a smile.
"A quarter, tops." Sherlock said and smirked, "Hey.. you know, since we're already.." he trailed off, thinking of the correct term for that, "Pre-engaged..." he said and chuckled, "You could move in.. I mean.. that would make cooking for you much easier and it's only 20 minutes to uni with the tube."
"Nice to meet you too, Ron." John said and took a step back, gesturing for Ron to come inside. "Let's go upstairs then. I think I've only seen you a few times out on the street since moving in here or have we ever talked?"
"Yes, I have John, you don't give me enough credit, really." Sherlock said and chuckled lightly, "I could cook for you, actually. Would be a shame if I hadn't learned to cook in 242 years." he said and rolled his eyes, "Or if you're really hungry, we could grab something from Speedy's, they have the best burgers in London."
"/What?/" John asked incredulously, before adding. "What did he want from you in the first place?" He was still unconvinced that he wouldn't have to smuggle his boyfriend out of the window after that kind of a bombshell.
"Deal." John said with a grin. Thanks to the rugby practices, he really wasn't in bad shape." I hope you've brought your wallet."
"Aww... That is really sweet." Janine smiled and glanced at his ring too. "Seriously, when I hear about your relationship it sounds like straight out of a Disney film." She chuckled.
There was a little pause and it felt like everything that had been needed to be said was out there now. Almost.
"Mmh, Amber mentioned that too." Charlie said and scratches her head. "As much as I love them, how she deals with two literal spies in the household on a daily basis remains a mystery to me." She commented and John shot Sherlock a small amused glance, remembering for example how two live-in spies had stolen his clothes just three days ago.
"I think she likes it." John said with chuckle as he watched her with a big smile. All of the prepping had been so worth it. Charlie of course ran straight after her to point out some of the details. "Here, right in there's a honey fountain." She said after she'd caught up with her.
"You've got Jane and Clara back as well." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, feeling tears well up in his own eyes. "That's what I meant when I told John to tell me if any other family members of him are married to mine." he chuckled, shaking his head as he pulled back a bit to look at her, "Clara is married to John's sister, Harry. They're both vampires at this point. Clara turned her. Voluntarily, I might add."
David gave a short nod at that. "Soldiers." He said, before looking back at his daughter. "Are you all ready here? If so, we have a church to get to." He said calmly, obviously pulling himself together extra hard as the head of the family.
"Oh!" Molly exclaimed with a smile. "Of /course/ I've heard of that. I'm so happy for you! Your mother is a great woman." She said and stopped in front of the headmistress's office. It was hard not to have heard of the news really.
"Yeah, juice!" Amy cheered and made grabby hands in Sherlock's general direction. Meanwhile John got Rosie's bee bottle out and held it out to her from the front seat, since he'd been carrying that with him for the past couple of hours. "Here, you must be thirsty too." And with that Vanessa got out Ally's regular bottle of juice, lastly also remembering her own hunger.
"So.. you think it might be the food? I mean.. they're still growing.. it would make sense that they do need food to stay healthy.. up to a certain age at least.. or perhaps all their lives?" Sherlock mused, more to himself, really.
"A fourteen-year old flanker." John corrected with a smirk. "But yes, the point still stands. And besides, I genuinely wouldn't appreciate Ron getting beat up anymore because of this. It's really not responsibility to protect her like that and I genuinely don't want him thinking it is."
"We could ask Harry and Clara; they're two vampires and they've never babysat them on their own. If anything a few hours with them would be so unusual, they'd be momentarily safer." John reasoned. During the day he usually didn't get to be close to or protect either of them in contrast to Sherlock; he's had to try and make piece with the thought that even though he was there, Sherlock could be overwhelmed relatively easy with the right people. A night out wasn't all that different, though of course he trusted Sherlock most with them.
John chuckled a little and pulled the door closed. "Maybe after breakfast. Speaking of which, I hope you've warmed up in here a bit in the meantime." He said, sounding a bit concerned; Sherlock must've been almost five minutes out there in the cold dressed like that.
"You hear that girls? Keep going, but tune down on the homophobic characters." Sherlock called jokingly, looking up at the ceiling with a laugh. "And well.. some of them are good. Especially when writers butcher a story and fans write fix its.."
Sherlock smiled, "Well even if the worst case scenario happens and they kick us out, you still have me and possibly Harry.. I suppose she'll rather like the fact that you're with a man.." he said and chuckled again.
John let out a laugh at that and nodded. "Yeah, he's told me about it. And I definitely want to borrow that copy." He said with a grin. "I'd like to be allowed to watch a film with an attractive protagonist again, if you know what I mean. Sher's even refusing to let us watch Bond films together anymore. Until yesterday he hadn't seen a single one though, if you can believe it."
"And much more fun than studying some notes." Sherlock said and chuckled again, leaning over to peck John's lips, "I'm curious, though... Did you ever do that before?"
John smiled right back at her. "Well, they'll be coming with us too. We think you'll get along really well. They're only turning three in a few weeks though, so they'd look up to you a bit and maybe ask you questions. How does that sound?"
Sherlock's get to work expression softened a little, before he walked over to her, "He's right, don't blame yourself, okay.. neither of us could have expected ... well whatever happened back in that room." he said and frowned, "But I'm sure she's alright and I'm sure we'll find her. Maybe she woke up before us and went on an expedition, wouldn't put it past her." he said and smiled reassuringly at Charlie. "Anyway, I need to get clothes for us.. I mean.. for John and me, that should be doable easily, my wardrobe's right there, but I need to find a proper gown for you. A nice one too." he said and looked outside, “I've seen some girls from the neighbourhood outside and I know their attitude when there's a ball coming up." he said and smiled at Charlie, "So perhaps I can get Jane to accompany you there and you can look out for Rosie.. there will be music and pretty dresses, if she's strolling around she'll be curious." he said and frowned, "I'll try to get one of my mother's dresses." he said and looked at the two, "You wait here. If my father comes back, John, you tell him I said I'd try to sneak you some breakfast from the kitchen, he'll easily believe that." he said and looked at Charlie, "And you go back into the wardrobe if he comes in."
"I'm sure that's going to be fun." John said and huffed a laugh. "I was actually talking about uni classes. It's hard to keep track of all of those classes we're taking or giving."
Sherlock rolled his eyes again, but this time with much less annoyance, "I think that was the last time I actually interacted with children, or in other words, never. It actually is kind of gratifying to work with them. They suck up everything you teach them like a sponge. Maybe you'd see it that way, the more better educated kids, the less adult idiots we've got to deal with them though."
"And I can't say no to them because I love them. And because of that puppy look." Sherlock said and chuckled again, "I think they're secretly practising it in front of the mirror."
After paying everything, Sherlock moved the shopping cart with the bags (and Rosie) out of the shop, glad that Rosie was still sitting in the cart because at least like that, she couldn't run off. "Oh you're still there." he said with a smile as he spotted Viktor, he had half expected him to have left meanwhile, figuring some people were indeed too proud to accept help.
Sherlock chuckled a little, "Being a housebreaker doesn't mean your food is bad." he said and Harry chuckled to himself, starting the car again. "I really can't believe this, you know.." Harry said with a smile, turning to her brother again, "I mean.. dad didn't seem like he'd ever come around and now.. it's nice to think my family doesn't actually hate me as much as I believed." she said quietly.
"It was probably good someone finally told him what he's doing to his kids by being like that." Sherlock said and smiled at John, "You think I can come in my normal clothing style or do I need to dress up again?" he asked with a laugh, "Just in case he really has figured I'm a vampire, though.. I think I'll take the first world war tags with me too this time."
"Hm..." Rosie murmured and didn't seem particularly happy about the prospect of learning all of that so late, but she brightened again when Sherlock walked back into the living room, "So, who wants to have dinner?" he asked, walking over to the printer to look at the photo, his lips curling up into a smile, "You know, I think I have a spare frame, we could put it into it, so you can put it up in your room." he said and Rosie nodded, "Great!" she said and slid off of John's lap, "But let's eat first! It smells really good!"
John watched Sherlock talk to his little cousins with a fond smile. Meanwhile Amy nodded empathetically at that, before telling Sherlock. "Amber baked cookies once and burnt them. Mummy and daddy still said they were yummy, but they were all /black/!" She giggled excitedly.
“Yeah, exactly" John called with a laugh into the kitchen. Once the table was ready, he turned around to go back into the kitchen. At seeing Sherlock standing there he winced a little, not having expected him right there. When he spotted the fake teeth, John began to laugh in earnest after a second, before pulling his boyfriend into a hug to press a kiss onto his cheek. "Yeah, just perfect love."
"Bye bye, Lock!" Ally chirped and Sherlock smiled at them, "See you both later," he said and waved back at them.
"Hm, that must've been cool... It feels like nothing is going on in the world except for Climate Change and the new iPhone." Charlie commented with a shrug, while John was turning on the kettle and getting some cups out of the kitchen shelf. "Well, I guess everyday life has become more exciting for us. Speaking of which; do you have those documents here?"
John rubbed his hand over his face and gave a huff. "I couldn't, could I?" He realised after actually thinking about what his decision boiled down to. "I could never regret choosing them. In any scenario, really." He said after a long while, his eyes cast down.
"It's over really quickly." Charlie said and scooted over to her little sister. "Good job, Rosie. Now I'm just cleaning your arm and you can look away now" Paul told her, before supporting her arm and driving the needle inside.
"Evidently." Mycroft said with a sigh, before returning to a more conversational tone. "So you're Greg's teacher's aid?" He asked innocently.
"Well, I was wearing your wedding dress, but then you two suddenly had your own ones too." Charlie said with a smile. "You really didn't look half bad."
"I was planning to do it exactly like I did with my girlfriends. I want to walk in there with you, hold your hand and introduce you as my boyfriend." John said with a shrug. "I can't think of anything that could sugar-coat the fact I'm going to marry you. Doesn't mean I'm not nerve-racked, but yeah." He shrugged a little.
"He should be back in about an hour, why?" Sherlock asked as Rosie walked inside, before walking in himself and locking the door - he was trying to make a habit of that, always locking the door after going inside, even if they'd have to go out again in a minute to get the other bags. Better safe than sorry.
Ron's smile widened when he spotted Charlie, "Hey!" he said, quite glad only one of her fathers was home, that was until the other one walked out of the kitchen, "Oh, hi, you must be Ron." Sherlock said with a smile, pointedly positioning himself next to Billy - no need for him to feel too comfortable. "Er.. hi." he said, only now spotting the skull on the fireplace - was that a real skull?!
"You could.. choose that kind of life too, you know." Richard said hesitantly, "I mean, you and Emma. It's really not all bad and really these days, with the people getting more and more fixated on staying young forever, no one really minds if you're supposed to be 80 and look like 50 or something." he said with a small chuckle, "Probably all people would do is asking about your plastic surgeon."
"Hm yeah, I'll try to get to know her when she stops undressing my boyfriend in her mind, thank you very much." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Anyway, you need an assistant then?"
"Charmer." Harry said, giggling against her wife's lips, before looking at Sherlock, "Does flirting get you out of speed tickets too?" she asked and giggled, "Hm, not really, but it did get me some files I needed." he said and laughed, "Although John wasn't so happy when I told him about my success."
John smiled and ran a hand through his boyfriend's tousled curls. "Sounds bloody perfect. I'll make sure not to waste any time." He said with a chuckle and went on to get his coat a little reluctantly after a few seconds; but the earlier he left, the earlier he'd be back.
"I still don't mind the treat.." Sherlock said and chuckled, enjoying to watch his boyfriend. "But.. let's be serious for a moment. How are we going to do it? Are you going to introduce me? Or should I tell them I'm your boyfriend? Or should we walk in holding hands? Also.. do you want to call your mum beforehand to warn her?"
"I think so, yeah.. I mean, I spoke differently and dressed differently throughout the areas, but I was essentially the same person. I think when you don't age physically and don't feel the effects of ageing either and are also treated young.. you stay young.. if that makes sense to you."
Clara chuckled at that. "Both really. My dad was a good lawyer, you see, and sometimes brought me and my baby cousin alongside him. He was the one who really opened my eyes to all of the injustice in the world at quite a young age." She laughed a little. "I know I can't change the world in a week. Slowly but surely, that's what he used to say." She said with a knowing smile, before asking. "What about you though?"
"Damn, people actually used to do that because of a remark?" John asked. "I mean, it sounds like nothing."
"They're well.. probably going to end up with a little hangover, Clara at least, but basically they're all well." Sherlock said and flopped down on the bed next to John, "By the way, before I forget to tell you, Charlie's sleeping on the sofa, she's been watching her videos all night.." he said and yawned.
John chuckled a bit to himself. "You and Shaggy make a great pair, I can tell." He joked lightly, having an idea where those names came from. "So we've been looking around your home and school a bit. Is there any place you think we should definitely see?"
"All I'm saying is, don't decide out of fear." Richard said and shrugged, "You won't be able to change it if you wait too long, but you can still find ways to die after you've turned, but you'll never be as young and fit again as you'd have liked if you decide to turn." Richard said and Sherlock frowned, looking up, "Okay, enough of that. It's John's decision. No need to advertise one or the other decision." he said and sighed, really just wanting to end that subject. "I'm not advertising. I just don't want to see him regretting either decision he's going to make." Richard said and shrugged. "What I know is that I am thankful now Sherlock did it. If he hadn't I'd have died long before I'd have had the chance to even meet my son. Or.. well my grandson for that matter." he added.
"And then I put them outside!" Rosie stated and smiled, "I'll get my coat!" she exclaimed and started to run again, before slowing down, which made Sherlock smile a little.
"Well it is in the direction I drive to the orphanage anyway, so I can still drop her off there." Sherlock said, it might feel stupid to drive her with that short a distance, but that way it would work best with their schedules.
Sherlock sighed as he leant back in his chair, scrolling through a page of possible dognames for... reasons. He really wasn't done with the conversation. One day, he'd find the ultimate argument for a dog that not even John could say no to.
"Isn't it?" William asked, looking at the nurse, "I mean I've read about the kind of 'treatment' people like me get, does sound quite a bit like punishment." he said and couldn't help but smirk. "What he didn't expect though, was that I told the police about his means of making money. Any idea what kind of punishment people get these days for tax fraud?" he asked, now actually grinning.
"Oh! Yeah, sure." Jim nodded and began to walk towards the library to show William the vampire around.
After about an hour later John took the little ones by their hands and led them up the stairs back into the flat, though he did knock first, not wanting to burst into anything. "I knew it wasn't your home!" Came a triumphant remark from Amy at that.
"She has already." Sherlock said and laughed, "Did you see her face when I told her that drugs are about 20 times worse?" he asked and smiled, "Guess we don't have to worry about that at least."
"Well.. it was only two weeks..." Sherlock said and shrugged lightly, moving his arms around John in return. "And well.. they were going by the theory that every man is attractive to a homosexual, mostly Dr Moran showed me pictures of men I wouldn't even look twice at."
"Don't worry, I know that routine." John whispered as he got into bed with him, though, he'd never been told to actually let some body parts show. A few seconds later, Mr. Holmes entered the room and obviously this was not what he had wanted to find. "WILLIAM SHERLOCK, what in GOD'S name do you think you're doing?!" He shouted after two seconds of absolute silence, while John gave his best embarrassed caught-in-the-act face. Though... he actually did recognise that face from somewhere. Meanwhile, Charlie looked away, since this wasn't exactly a position she wanted to see her Dads in.
Charlie woke up to what she thought sounded like the front door falling shut. Wait, what? Weird, it was still dark outside. Weren't John and Sherlock still in bed? ...Did someone from that network manage to break in after all? With a frown she got out of bed to investigate this. ...And she sent Sherlock a text, just in case.
"That is so cool though!" Charlie said, quite clearly not thinking about rugby anymore. (Which John thought was a shame, but well) "Could you show me some time?"She asked him with a smile.
"Well.. yes." Rosie said thoughtfully and looked at Scout again, "There are tools for that, though." Sherlock said to ease her a little, after all he didn't want to put her off getting a dog (he wanted one himself, mind you) but just for now it would be better if she wasn't too eager for it, they already had enough on their plates even without training a puppy. "So I don't really have to touch it?" she asked and Sherlock smiled, "Not necessarily, there are all sorts of tools for it now, but most people use a bag as a glove and then just pull the bag over the poo, so it's bagged up."
Sherlock chuckled, zipping up his trousers and buttoning it, "Sure. Let me just get dressed properly." he said with a breathless laugh, "I think they might still figure something's going on if I go out like this." he said, starting to button up his shirt. "Do you think they intentionally make those toilet cubicles so small? To avoid.. well this?" he asked with a smirk.
"John..." Sherlock said slowly and looked up at his fiancé with a grin, "You do realise that along with our grand and great grandchildren.. we're also going to get to see that?"
Sherlock grinned, "Only with you as my first mate, though." he said and took another bite, "Also, I'd need a better name, another reason I can't be a pirate, apart from the fact that everything but a wooden ship would look ridiculous, I mean, come on, pirates on a speedboat, or a yacht, that just doesn't have style. But it's also that the good names are all taken.. Captain Holmes isn't bad, but.. it's not even in the same league as Black Beard and so on."
"Alright, granted" Charlie said with a chuckle before taking her dress and trying it back on. And while it didn't fit like a glove, she still loved almost everything about it. The sleeves and neckline, the colour, the cut... With a bright smile she walked out of the changing room again. "Now that does look brilliant on you" John told her.
"Hm... I think I'll try the red ones over on then." Charlie said after some thought, as much as she liked the sparkling ones. "Could you please get the whole pair, Denise?" She asked, because even though she was nice, no one had the right to look disapprovingly at her family. Who did she think she was?
"Oh! I know that! The babies when they're still in the mummy zebras belly are black and they only get white stripes just before they're born, because it keeps away flies!" Rosie said and grinned, quite liking the way the smaller girls looked at her. "I've seen that in a documentary!" she explained and Ally's jaw dropped again.
"What for?" Sherlock asked unable not to smile at John's comment, noticing that he started to feel a little hungry. He should probably have brought something for lunch and possibly shouldn't have limited his breakfast to a half glass of blood this morning. He really needed to find some sort of balance here. Maybe he could make a deal with John just to use mouth wash after he had blood? That would be more easy to do if they were out.
"Right well.. I was thinking I could teach Charlie to drive on private property, which is legal, just if you had doubts about that." Sherlock said and shrugged, "Anyway, all I'm thinking is that she should know how to get away fast if she needs to, if she's in mortal danger and she might since you have to remember if she does get kidnapped those people would likely know she's a vampire and probably also know how to kill one, so if she has the chance to drive off in a car by stealing her kidnapper's or stealing one on the street, she should have the ability and to be honest, if her kidnappers car is open and the key is in the engine, she might try anyway, so then she should at least know how to do that safely and have some experience."
"Hm... I think it would print the picture twenty times because it works when you click once so if you click more often it would print it more often." Rosie explained and smiled widely, feeling a little gleeful about understanding this so fast.
Sherlock smiled lightly, "Well... yeah.. I mean.. I feel kind of responsible for him in a way..." he mumbled as he got the lasagna out of the fridge cutting out a piece that was large enough to cut it in two after he'd have 'seasoned' it. Taking off the top layer and putting it onto another plate, before getting a spoon and some blood, starting to pour some onto the tomato sauce, and mixing it a bit in the process. "It's weird, I guess.. but I more or less raised him.. at least when it comes to that new way of living..."
"Well.. That's what we agreed on, haven't we?" Sherlock asked and smiled a little, "Speaking of telling you things.." he began and looked towards the stairs, just to make sure the girls weren't anywhere near and could overhear them, "John and I are.. well, we're thinking about actually adopting the girls after all.. It's not a final decision yet, I'd just.. well, I'd like to know what you three think about it." he said, genuinely interested in their opinions. After all it would be a decision that would affect the whole family.
just one. Meaning they're after Charlie, not Rosie.. which is good to know.. and awful because that's going to limit her freetime even more.. and with free time I mean parent free time.. she needs that, she's a teenager." Sherlock said and sighed.
"Course. Your head must feel like it's about to burst after going this long without drinking fluids." He commented with a smirk. "Don't make yourself sick again though."
Sherlock smiled at that, "That's very true." he said and gave him another smile, "All of that shouldn't negate the years you did serve the country though. It's ridiculous that you don't get a proper pension."
"Oh they'd find a way." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I even found a way to live with a man back in regency times when I was in love for the first time and that was much more difficult than it'd be for a lovestruck boy to get from the orphanage to Baker Street." he chuckled.
Sherlock chuckled, "Well actually, you two are special, because your brother in law is also your cousin, but some people will get very confused about that, just like you did, so maybe only tell them that he's your cousin." he said and chuckled as he lifted Amy up again, while Ally walked over to her mummy, trying to crawl onto her lap. "Mummy are we really special?" Ally asked, looking up at Violet.
"Well, I don't want to scar the girls for life." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "And anyway, I didn't have time for that." he said as he started to collect everything he needed for the soup, "Though frankly, I didn't expect we'd have to deal with a first hangover situation."
"William Sherlock, he's your brother." Violet chided him in good humour, before she could hear tiny little footsteps nearing. The day they had begun to walk had definitely made her more attentive. Quickly she spun around and caught Amy before she could run out into the cold. "LOOCK!" Amy squealed happily, wriggling in her mummy's arms.
Sherlock smiled, "Well, nice to meet you too.. sorry, how is it everyone already knows about my mum and me? I mean.. did she send a mass text or something?" he asked with a laugh.
John couldn't hold back a laugh, actually distracted there for a moment. "Okay, I so want to see my Dad in a bee costume. Even if you just meant the four of us. And what else does going all the way include in your mind?" He asked.
"It's called Abingdon house school." Charlie told him with a smile, glad this was working out so well. "Do you think my friends are gonna be mad though? I mean, I'm going to see them even less often now." She said, because that was the only thing that bugged her about this. "I mean, we used to be together every single day and now that'd become only a few times a week at most."
Sherlock smiled at John, giving him a look that said 'well that worked better than expected' as he followed John's mother inside, bracing himself inwardly to meet the rest of John's family, especially the father. He doubted it, but honestly hoped it would go just as smoothly as it was with his mother. Not that he really thought they'd be that lucky.
"Oh.. okay then." Ron said, smiling as he felt Charlie's hand in his own, "I thought he was maybe freaked out that I get along with Rosie like that.. like there are people sometimes that look weirdly at you when you even only smile at their kids when they look at you."
"Judo." Sherlock admitted and smiled a little, "That was actually her idea and even toddlers can get judo classes, so that's not a big deal."
John chuckled at that, before asking challengingly "Almost?" He didn't give him a chance to answer though and leaned in to kiss him, because really he'd missed that. Besides, Sherlock was almost healthy again and had a more than excellent immune system for a normal person.
"You utter prick. "John said began to laugh, almost getting some lasagne in his throat. That joke was too ridiculous, which thankfully spared him from realising a little late his boyfriend was taking the piss a bit out of him a bit.
Lowell smiled and walked around her after taking the necklace from her, fixing it carefully around her neck, before giving his band a signal to continue playing. "Care to dance?" he asked with a smile.
"I said, you could just break up instead of begging my ex boyfriend to take me back and in the process effectively killing yourself." Sherlock said and sighed, "Have you even thought about that? I very much doubt I'd have joined the service or fought in World War one and two, John. Did you even consider this?" he asked and sighed, "No, actually, it's not killing yourself if you just do everything in your power to make sure you're never born!" he said and shook his head, gulping the rest of his wine down in one go, before he stood up again, pacing the room.
Sherlock smiled, picking Amy up from the floor, "Did she?" he asked and looked up at Amber, "You're playing the piano, right?" he asked with genuine curiousness, music seemed to be something they both could relate to.
"Might get myself a black wig too." Sherlock said and grinned at John as he took the keys, walking around the car to open the door for John, "But seriously, I'll do my best to impress him." he said and smirked, "And I'd like to meet your mum, really."
John sighed. "Well, we can't wait any longer, as it only gets worse, apparently. They might've got something via the blood blags. Some illnesses can only be detected after a few months, so while it's rare these things do happen.."
"Okay." Rosie said and peeked into her file, spotting a photo she hadn't seen before, showing a baby with two adults, probably the baby's parents. "Is that me?" she asked curiously.
"Well, actually.. we're not quite done with the presents yet.." Sherlock said and stood up, stepping onto the lowest board of his bookshelf, to reach the small box he had placed on top of the shelf and which was pushed back against the wall. "I obviously didn't expect to give it to you already, but since you made the start.." he said as he moved back over to John, holding the jewellery box behind his back as he sat back down. "I want to reply in kind." he said, handing John the box that contained a contained a golden ring, nearly the same shade as John's with a subtle braided texture and a few sapphires and diamonds worked into the pattern. "It's erm.. well, I gave my mother's engagement ring to the jeweller and told him to make a more.. manly ring out of it..." he said and remembered that there also was a necklace in it, "Oh.. that pendant.. it's for my mother, it's got scans of the paintings of my sister and my father inside.. I've realised she doesn't even have any pictures of them, except for the ones in her memory.. I've had the jeweller decorate it with the left over gems of her engagement ring."
"Actually.. I like Watson-Holmes better myself." Sherlock said and chuckled again, "I mean.. Holmes-Watson just doesn't sound as good." he said and shrugged, "Anyway... are you really that happy or is that just strategy to stay up just a little longer?”
John nodded at that and glanced at Sherlock, already guessing what he was thinking about. "And I don't think that's selfish; she wanted to be with you too after all." He sighed a little before speaking again. "Can I ask you something? Why did you never in twenty years ask gran to turn? Or even tell her about yourself instead of disappearing?" He knew Sherlock didn't want to talk about this right now, but John had to ask now that Richard was here. "I have been really thinking about it lately, so that's actually partly why I'm asking. I should mention that Sher's obviously not pushing me."
Alrighty, buckle up!" Charlie chuckled before going carefully down the stairs and holding onto the handrail. "We'll wash your feet first and then we'll sneak that bed sheet down to Mrs. Hudson while our Dads are out. Any questions?" She asked as if they were on a mission.
"What? No, that's not what I meant." Sherlock said and chuckled, shaking his head, "We just talked about it at some point and he told me that he didn't mind it.. even supported it and that it was still better than arranged loveless marriages." he said.
"It is, but even I agree that you shouldn't be involved with that..." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "Not yet anyway.. maybe when you're sixtee-" he cut off, seeing John's look out of the corner of his eyes, "Eighteen, I meant eighteen, obviously."
Rosie chuckled at that, "But it's me daddy!" she chirped and turned around in her dress, "It's really pretty isn't it?" he asked, looking down at herself.
"Flanker." Ron said and cleared his throat, "You're playing too then?" he asked and Sherlock chuckled a little, "John's actually coaching his own team."
"Sure, shoot." Sherlock said and shut his laptop on which he had just been looking up cameras, before putting it on the table and sitting up.
"Of course you are." John said with a smile. "Well, only if you want to of course." He added after a moment,
Sherlock smirked, "Well.. at least the taste of water would be nicer than using mouthwash all the time." he said and smiled, "What really makes this difficult is the fact that I want to kiss you all the time." he said and chuckled again, "You're irresistible.." he murmured with a smile, pouring himself another glass, just so he would be able to go a bit longer without blood tonight.
"Sounds like a plan to me." John said and got out of the car. "I don't think they will forget that very quickly.".
"It's mean because he isn't stupid, love." Sherlock said and smiled, "You're just unusually smart. That's a difference. It makes you smarter, but it doesn't make other people stupid." he said as he got into the car himself.
"Thanks, it's alright." Charlie said and bit back another cough. "That's very kind of you, but all flu-suffering girls should stay in bed and rest. I'll get some tea for the both of you." John said with a smile and laid a hand on Rosie's shoulder to guide her back down. "Can I have peppermint?" Charlie asked hoarsely. "Coming right up. And for you?" He asked Rosie.
"Don't worry.. he's head over heels for me.." Sherlock said and chuckled, turning to John, leaning in to press a kiss to his cheek, "I'm fine.. just drank a bit too much." he murmured quietly and smiled as he pulled back.
Sherlock nearly choked on his wine at that, "I'm sorry what?" he asked after a minute of violent coughing. "What.. girl?" he asked with a frown, looking at over at John.
After listening to Charlie's story again and talking some more, they eventually tucked Rosie into her small pillow-pile when she almost fell of a haystack sitting down. When another hour later another child was down, the others decided to go to sleep as well, since it was getting quite late and they had to be quiet now anyway. And really, no one in that shed could say they weren't going to sleep utterly deeply that night.
Sherlock smiled, "Come on then, I think we've let them wait long enough." he chuckled and took John's hand. "After all we have to be back at half past seven." he said with a roll of his eyes, raising his voice a bit as Sally walked past them so she'd hear.
John shrugged a bit. "Yeah, I suppose so. But judging from the way you looked when he did that the first time, it's good he didn't. Hey, maybe he was afraid you'd try out your freshly acquired self-defence techniques."
"Oh right. Thanks." John said and rubbed at his eyes, before setting the tray on his lap. He was actually quite grateful that he didn't have to drink the blood straight like that already. At least it still felt kind of normal that way. "I didn't know you could get fried eggs at half two in the morning."
"Oh yeah, sure." Ron said with a big smile, quite glad he'd get to talk some more with Charlie. "Erm.. where exactly do I need to go?" he asked eagerly.
Mainly because it was Emma's birthday and this guy didn't look like a complete disgrace, he demeaned himself to shake his hand firmly and briskly after a few seconds. "Hello, Sherlock."
"Maybe I like it a bit." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "It sure is better than Shaggy." he said and smiled at John, "She's really precious though.. You know, don't get this wrong, I really hope someone comes by and gives her a proper family, but.. it's already strange to imagine to come here without having her rush over with that big bright smile." he said and didn't even care how sentimental that sounded, it really was just the truth.
Sherlock was a bit taken aback at that, but he hoped this was just another father boyfriend routine. He really, really hoped John's father wouldn't try to scare him away. Apart from the fact that it wasn't going to work, it would ruin all the progress he'd had seemingly made accepting his children's choices. Nodding eventually at John, he nudged his shoulder with his own, "You heard your dad." he said and smirked lightly at him.
"Alright, darling. I'll be back in a few minutes." She said, before taking Sherlock's empty glass and carefully standing up to go into the kitchen.
"I would never be disappointed in you for being who you are." Richard said and tilted his head a little, "You.. you do love Emma, don't you? I mean.. you didn't go marry a woman just because you thought you had to, right?" he asked, worrying he was at fault for his son possibly living a lie.
"Yes, that's not something we've seriously considered." David said with a shake of head. After all they'd only known of two vampires in the family up until now.
"Yeah, can't say the same about our teachers, really." Charlie said with a small chuckle. "I'll definitely have a look into it." She smiled.
"If Richard offers your parents and maybe even your sister to become like us after you have decided not to.. if you decide not to.. would it change your mind if the rest of your family would turn?" Sherlock asked with a frown, it was a possibility after all.
They had a relatively quiet ride to Janine's place, which was partly because Sherlock dozed off every couple of minutes, waking up with a 'what did you say something' which had Janine in giggles nearly the whole time until she eventually got off and left Sherlock alone in the cab to be woken up by the cabbie when they arrived at 221B. Quickly paying the man, he got out of the car and the fresh air did help wake him up a bit as he unlocked the front door.
"Yeah.. actually.. can we talk about something?" Sherlock asked, having decided to use the time Charlie was busy with her boxes to talk to Greg. It would be good to have someone with a bit of experience and he was 100% sure Mycroft had run every background check imaginable on either of Greg's alter egos throughout time, so he was safe.
Charlie went over to the car with Sherlock and began helping to put the groceries into the boot of the car. Meanwhile Viktor got to his feet and made sure everything was packed up properly, keeping an eye on the little girl who apparently liked to run off a lot.
"Yay!" Rosie chirped, she had already been on her way to the tree before John had finished speaking, "Come on, Charlie!" she called and Sherlock couldn't help but laugh at that.
Eyeing her plate, Rosie eventually called, "Stop!", before she looked at Scout with a frown and slid off her chair, "I'll be right back!" she said and dashed off towards the living room, returning a second later, carefully carrying Scout's bowl with food and water, "It's not fair if we have food but he doesn't." she stated, setting the bowl down.
"But I like that about him, he's right! People should share their money more!" Rosie said and wiggling her legs a little, which were not yet long enough to reach the floor when she was sitting on the sofa.
"Really?" Charlie asked with a chuckle. "Did you let them rot on purpose or did you just not want to lose your face in front of him?"
Clara smiled at that. "Yeah, I never forgot that either.. You can imagine how I jumped at the chance when we finally were." She said with a chuckle. "Speaking of, I also remember how he thought you'd make a good criminal investigator. Have you ever done that at one point or has it always been chemistry?"
"Hm.. how about 'By A Fountain', seems fitting now, don't you think?" Lowell asks with a smile, "And it's pretty easy since I wrote it when I had just started out."
Sherlock smiled as he watched Harry drive off, "I like her." he said and grinned at John, taking John's hand again, "I'm sure couple evenings would be very interesting." he teased, already anticipating what John would think about couple evenings and double dates with his sister.
That made Viktor chuckle a bit. "Ah, well I've already seen some of that. You've got two sweet little daughters there." He said and held his dog right by his side so he wouldn't run to the top of the stairs before he'd reached it himself.
"Okay, I definitely feel much better in here." Sherlock said, relieved to be able to talk at a normal volume again. "Okay so.. before we can decide what to do when that girl approaches you again, you need to know the whole story.. where do we even start.." he said and frowned, for a moment wondering if they should mention the vampire part.. though maybe that was too soon, it was probably better if they'd give him the same explanation Ron had received, "Okay so.. it all started when we met Charlie and Rosie..."
"It's alright. With all the drama going on today that bit of distraction was a good thing. But now that you've mentioned it, I'm actually famished. And I didn't even notice... So yeah, desert it is."
"Yeah, and since they apparently haven't bugged us yet, there are no new teachers to be suspicious of either." John said and shook his head at the thought. "I can't believe that this level of paranoia has to be our new careful now."
Sherlock smiled and tilted his head a little, "I'll need to stock up on organs.." he said and already made a list in mind, "I know it seals broken veins and arteries.. but I need to check if it also stops the bleeding if an organ is harmed.. I need a spleen in particular. It's basically just a sensitive bag of blood you don't really need. It's like nature thought humans need self destruct buttons.. I need to see if my saliva can fix a ripped spleen and therefore stop the bleeding.." he thought aloud.                       "Sherlock. It won't change matters for me. I'll try it and if it doesn't work, it doesn't. Anyway, let's talk about that sometime else; it's not like I'm departing any time soon, love, alright?" John said, keeping the slightly annoyed edge (as if he didn't know what a spleen looked like) out of his voice.                       "It would still be better for you to know exactly what it can do. If you have someone, let's say with a ripped spleen and someone with a bad bleeding, but who would probably survive the trip.. if you don't know if it works on organs, you would probably give it to someone you know it would help, rather than taking chances and lose both persons. I need to make tests on dosages too.." Sherlock said and could practically feel his synapses light up with this idea. "You can work more organised and resourceful if you know what you're working with." he said and smirked, feeling the tingle a new idea always gave him.
Sherlock just stood there, staring into space for a few seconds - or minutes? Hours? He couldn't tell. He didn't hear anything the policemen said, before he closed the door. He just felt numb. Empty. There wasn't even pain. Not yet. He didn't know how he ended up in bed that night, or the night after that. Or the next night. The first time he could grasp a clear thought was four days later when he woke up Harry's face looking down at him. "Sherlock..." she said with a sigh, holding up one of the empty bottles of wine scattering the floor in his bedroom. "You think that's what he'd have wanted? You starving yourself and be the first vampire that drinks himself to death?" she asked, her voice softer than her words would make it seem. "Get up.. it's today.." she said and Sherlock rolled onto his side, turning his back to her, "Go away.." he grumbled, feeling tears stinging in his eyes.
"Hm.. you could help me collect ideas for Amy's and Ally's room.." Sherlock said and smirked at John, he hadn't forgotten about that.
"Yep." Sherlock said with a little chuckle, "Everyday routine. It's actually less weird when you've grown up with it, though even for me it's strange after not having behaved like that in ... well, centuries. It was terribly hard to come out of it though."
Charlie smiled back at him and nodded. "But just for your information, there are no ex-girlfriends on my side."
"Oh isn't that right around the corner?" Charlie asked and took her milkshake. "My paps and I looked at some schools and I think that one was on the list."
John raised an eyebrow at that and closed the door behind them. "Yeah, what about?" He asked, wondering what his aunt could've told Sherlock.
"Let me loose on the public?" William asked and chuckled again, he just couldn't help it, those two were so ridiculously appalled, it was hilarious. "If you think that I'm a danger to the public, that it's perhaps even contagious, then shouldn't you take a step back?" he said with a snicker.
"Well, Dennis-Roland.." Sherlock said with a little smirk, holding the man's hand longer than strictly necessary, before letting it go, "Look, how about we make copies of those files together and I'll return them to you ... let's say tonight? I could meet you somewhere for dinner. I really just need to take a quick peek into them and compare some data."
"Yeah. My landlady is on-off dating the owner.. although most of the time she beats him with the lunch meal whenever he flirts with someone else again." Sherlock said with a chuckle, shaking his head as he paid the cabbie.
"Alright.." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes, though he had a grin on his face as he turned to John and pulled him into his arms for a proper kiss, "I've been waiting to get to do this the whole trip." he murmured.
"How about Sherlock and John help you look inside and I open the lid for you?" Vanessa offered and Amy nodded. "Lock, can you lift me up?" Amy asked quickly; she liked being in mummy's and John's arms very much too, but Lock was just the biggest person in the world ever.
Amy grinned at her sister, hopping excitedly on her spot, before Charlie walked up to them. "Hey, how about Rosie and I show you the new rooms upstairs, him?"
John sighed himself then. "Okay, I think I've got a grasp now. It wasn't as obvious to me." He replied dryly, before picking up the stack of papers to go through them himself. "So what do you suggest we do next? Wait until... Chloe turns 18 and wants to adopt?"
Harry laughed, shaking her head, "I'm happy for you, Johnny, you know that, right?" she asked a bit more seriously and glanced at John in the rear view, "Was about time you find someone that makes you look so happy." she said and Sherlock just smiled to himself at that, kind of proud to be that certain someone.
"What else am I supposed to do? If I didn't know much about those girl magazines, make up and all of that other stuff, then we'd have not much to talk about anymore." She said with a shrug. "I can make myself sort of like that so I can have something in common with them to have friends. And I genuinely like them. When I was Rosie's age I had the same problem she has now; I thought the other people's games were stupid, so they thought I was stupid." She said and sighed. "So Amber Watson's nice and likes literature?"
"Hm no, if someone comes in now I can at least blame you." Sherlock said with a laugh, rolling both of them onto their sides on the sofa, or rather that's what he was trying to do while he rolled them both off the sofa and they fell to the floor.
Janine let out a chuckle. "Likewise" She said and gave him a smirk, following him inside. "You know, I'll always have a soft spot for the period I was born into. You too?"
"Oh good. I mean, it does sound kind of shady. Are you sure it'll be safe?" John asked. "Both the blood as well as the meeting, I mean."
"I probably should." John said, appreciating the fact Sherlock wasn't arguing with him over this anymore. Though he obviously did notice how that topic made his boyfriend feel, so he quickly changed it. "So are you suggesting a road trip for the next holidays?"
"Of course, you can. I can use every little helper." Mrs. Hudson said with a warm smile, waiting for Sherlock to let her down. "I was thinking we could make a cherry pie What do you think?" Meanwhile Charlie had returned to her Dad's side and leaned back into him, before he put his arm around her.
John shifted when the morning light hit his face and woke him right up. He was still right next to his boyfriend, an arm loosely draped over his chest. A glance at his watch told him it was already late morning, so there was no point in going back to sleep. "Good morning, love." He rasped, his voice still thick with sleep.
Lowell rang the doorbell five minutes earlier than he was expected as usual, knowing it made Charlie always smile a bit. Obviously, she was way too young for him, but her little crush on him was surely flattering and he liked the girl, so if he could put a smile on her face by arriving five minutes earlier, it was a pleasure. That and she did remind him strongly of a girl he had met a long time ago, he had only seen her once, but she still had a very special place in his heart, maybe that was part of why he just loved to see Charlie happy.
"Hm... I've told you I like photography and it's almost like a calendar.. So it's either a postcard, a poster or a photography book. At least those are the most easily available options..." Charlie said mostly to herself, before settling on the more expensive (and more exciting) one. "Okay, my guess is you've got me a photography book."
"At least I'd hoped you didn't." John said with a wry smile. "But yeah, I really am awfully jealous myself, so I'm the last person to judge you." He said and sighed.
"You should see John, he's almost worse than him." Charlie teased Sherlock with a chuckle. "Seriously though, they're such Dad's you'd almost think they're trying to nail every cliché there is. But you're also still like a couple straight from a Disney film." She giggled a bit.
"Hm..." Sherlock hummed, biting back a quip about their love life, remembering just in time that he had to watch what he said now with kids around, "I think we will." he said and smiled, "At least until I got that ring he promised to give me." he said teasingly.
Clara chuckled at that. "Oh, right. Jane's really a bit of a celebrity nowadays. My bestie used to be Jane Austen, Harry. Though, back then she really was just Jane from next-door’s. Actually, if I recall correctly, dear aunt Violet would've really liked her to become a Holmes." She said with a smirk to Sherlock, before sighing happily. "Oh, Faith! I'll get to hear her voice again.'
"Hm, but the colour is really great on you." Sherlock said and looked at John, "What do you think?" he asked.
"Alright, let's find them then." John said with a chuckle followed her along to what he presumed was the teacher's lounge. "So, I've already met Arthur yesterday." He commented. "How do you get along with Sally?"
Sherlock hummed into the kiss, moving his chair closer to John's without breaking the kiss, moving his arms around John's middle as he was close enough, "You know.. this would be way more comfortable in bed.." he said and broke the kiss just long enough to stand and pull John up from his chair and right back into his arms, where he brought their lips back together.
"Do you want to play?" Lowell asked and smiled happily at Charlie, she was so interesting! Way more interesting than all the other dull girls. And she played the guitar! Most girls learnt to play the piano or harp or just sang. But the guitar was much more fun. And it didn't sound as boring as a harp or piano either.
"Yeah, that's kinda true." Charlie said before remembering something. "Oh, speaking of: I got an A in Geography and Rachel said my German improved um einiges. " She said with a grin.
Somewhere towards the end Amy had drifted off, cuddled against Sherlock's leg, even though she'd tried to stay awake to hear the whole story. Meanwhile John had propped some cushions and bedding on the carpet for a makeshift toddler-bed. A crumpled note in his hand he'd started to learn a little (though in truth he'd ended up listening to Sherlock's story more). When Sherlock was done, John got out his phone and snapped a picture of the three. "Okay, this is the most adorable screen-saver" He said with a smile. "Let's get them into bed, yeah?"
"No, because she's always so grumpy." Rosie said and grinned, "Done! Do we put the star on top first or last?" she asked and looked down at John.
"Me too." Sherlock said and put the small bag with medical equipment he had bought on the way back to the hotel on the bed, frowning at it, "Are you still sure?" he asked, taking off his coat and sitting down on the bed.
Using the fact that he was not yet handcuffed, William wrapped his arms around the woman - she had after all been rather nice to him while he'd been here, "He's lied to you. I've seen the doctor's letter." he murmured quietly so that only she could hear, "You are perfectly healthy and able to have a child, it's him who's infertile. I just wanted to let you know." he said and pulled back to look at her with a smile, "Take care of yourself and of Carl and Scott. They're good boys." he said, before he held his hands out to the policeman so he could cuff him.
"Right, you're right." Charlie said and shook her head, feeling a stupid for no putting herself in his situation properly. A lie without any consequences wasn't a top priority thing at the moment. "And yeah, most people here are dead in the future.." She said and sighed. "He's good at not letting on how he feels. I mean, I guess John can probably tell most of the time, but it's kind of him towards Rosie and me."
"Well, there is that guy, you know. Charming, very cute and I keep missing him terribly already when he's not around.." Sherlock mused and smirked cheekily at John.
Mrs. Turner began to chuckle all over again and shook her head as she put the pot back down now for a moment. "1777" She said after a moment, because she really thought her reaction was justified after having known her 'young' neighbour for a while.
"Just to make me more comfortable with it," Sherlock said, by which he meant, letting Charlie try it out and see if it was okay for her, "We could try it out first, like maybe you stay home alone for about half an hour while John, Rosie and I go to the supermarket down the street?"
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah, I'm really looking forward to see the girls again." he said and sighed, "Honestly, it's been too long. And I gotta keep my promise about a sleepover too, don't want the first thing for them to remember about me be that I don't keep my promises."
Jim breathed heavily, beginning come back to himself. "He.. he called me an- but I'm /not/-" He began, when the two nurses from the beginning spotted Jim and pulled him up to his feet. "Come on, we're taking you to a nice and quiet room." One of them said and Jim slipped into hysterics again as they tried to drag him away. "No! NO!! I need to get out! William the vampire wanted to turn me! No!"
"I'm sure they'll love it." He said with a smile and went over to Sherlock to help him store away the groceries. "Do you need any help with that or do you think I can give chemistry another try while the twins are still asleep?"
family." Paul corrected him with a chuckle. "I'm still John's uncle if that feels like less of an odd descriptor." He said, finding it still a bit strange himself that he had two step-sons (who were much older than him at that).
"Duly noted." Charlie said with a bit of a smile, taking as many bags as she could carry. "I think I'll ask you a lot of question in the future. Especially when Rosie's not in earshot. That's alright with you, yeah?"
"There are lions in the sea?" Ally asked and looked up at her mummy, "Doesn't their beard get wet?" she asked, clearly puzzled about that, because animals in the sea didn't have fur, she knew that.
Sherlock smiled, "Right... croissants and donuts.." he said and stretched his arms, "Don't forget the chocolate topping for the donuts." he said with a smile, "I'll have some liquid breakfast meanwhile." he said as he crawled over John to get out of the bed.
Sherlock sighed, standing up and still glaring, he grabbed a blanket from the sofa and put it over Fay (because some reasonable part of him did still know that she was just a kid), tucking her into it so it wouldn't fall off, she couldn't pick it back up if it'd fall down after all, before he turned away and picked up Fays things from the table, just in case. "Shall we shall we carry her downstairs then?" he asked, looking at John.
John had no problem carrying both items the short way to their bedroom, partly because that meant only one of both of their hands was otherwise engaged. Trying to keep from smiling into Sherlock's mouth, he walked with him back into the bedroom.
"Alright, two chocolate donuts coming right up." John said with a smile and got to his feet to throw on a shirt and a pair of trousers. He didn't bother to take a shower for that short a walk. "Could you put on the kettle in the meantime, please?"
"No. But I can really see him doing that." Jane said and chuckled a little, "He really loves to dance, just for the pleasure of dancing, not like most people who just use it as an opportunity to flirt each other. Then again, he's already found a partner." she said, "Oh and.. better not talk about your parents anymore in there, never know who might be listening in. Wouldn't want to have the wrong people overhear you and cause trouble to your father..." she said meaningfully.
Charlie opened the door and had to laugh a little when she saw how Rosie was packing her bag. "Good morning, sis. Packing is going well?" She asked Rosie sat down next to her on the ground.
"Wait, you actually think that's it? That's quite a terrifying thought to be honest." John said after a moment.
Charlie grinned a bit when Ron began to giggle. For one thing, it was a cute giggle, plus she wouldn't have thought that someone with a family like Ron's would think her own family was cooler in some ways. And the actual story behind that skull was even cooler. "Yeah, paps got a lot of good stories to tell. You know, I can just go up to him to ask something really simple and just like that, suddenly two hours have passed."
"Okay, I might be- have been a little intimidated by all of that." John said and cleared his throat. "But anyway, I guess we'll just have to wait and see what tomorrow will bring." He took another sip of tea, before he looked at his boyfriend.
Violet shook her head a bit at that, but gave a small chuckle. "As far as I'm aware we had that particular talk with neither of you, but if you insist on the complete mother-son experience in the modern sense..." She began and rolled her eyes.
After getting all the data he needed, he got out a small questionnaire and began to go through it with William, for the first time actually talking to him. "Just answer with yes or no unless I say so. Are you sexually attracted to men? Have you been in a relationship with a woman before? Have you ever kissed a man? Have you ever had sexual intercourse with a man? Did your mother abandon you? Did your father abandon you? Have you been sexually abused? If so, by whom? Do you realise that you want and need to change?"
"Oh that looks interesting." Charlie commented as Sherlock unpacked the third bag, when suddenly there was a second knock on the door. "Yeah?" Charlie asked, literally no idea who that could be. "Hello sweetheart." John said with a smile as he got inside, carrying a shopping bag of his own filled with Charlie's favourite snacks and painkillers (he'd figured Sherlock had bought several female hygene products by now; and Jesus, that he had). John's smile froze a bit when he saw the load of stuff Sherlock had already bought, but he quickly recovered and brought his bag to the side of Charlie's bed. "Sherlock said you weren't feeling too well, so I got home a bit earlier to get some things to cheer you up."
Sherlock's lips curled up into a smile at that, "Well, I was born in a time where piracy slowly lost it's glamour.. honestly, just a meagre 100 years earlier and I probably wouldn't have only played a pirate captain, but as it was, piracy was at an end in the late 1800's.." he said with a soft sigh, he really would have loved to be a pirate. A proper one, not the kind that called themselves pirates these days.
"I did give you half a minute to enjoy yourselves and who knows how long you've been at it before I walked in." Jane said and snickered a little. "You liked it then?" she asked and smiled at her young friend.
"Okay, good. What's on then?" Charlie asked once the door closed and John cleared his throat. "Well, you know how I'd been thinking about turning?" He began and Charlie stopped him after a second, realising what he was implying. "/Had been/ thinking? You're not thinking about it anymore? You wouldn't call me to tell me you've decided not to, would you?" She asked immediately and John was a bit taken aback by how quick she was. "Erm, well no, we wouldn't.." He started with a frown, but Charlie was already cheering. "Are you /serious/?? Paps, did he really?"
"That's cool." Ron said and sat down on the floor, sitting down on the bed would probably give some weird signals. "So you got cool parents who are also rich.. sounds like the jackpot." he said and chuckled a little.
The rest of their afternoon was (quite unsurprisingly) spent in the zoo. Because of the girls' different interests they went to see almost all of the animals, though they spent a lot of time with the fish, tigers and elephants as well as the goats in the petting area. Their stay there was almost without any major incidents (Amy got lost for approximately fifteen terrifying seconds) and they almost didn't notice how quickly dusk began to set in. Still well in time, they found themselves happy and a little tired back in the car. Vanessa just closed the backs eat door and helped the red-nosed girls into their seats. "So, what are your thoughts on the zoo?"
"She's so precious." John commented when she was out of earshot and looked to Sherlock. "The folks at the station will think it's cute too. Josh's wife just had a baby actually." He said and rolled up the picture carefully.
"Yeah, I will. I bet you've already told my Dad though, haven't you?" John said with a bit of a smile.
"You're twelve. That's more than enough boys to know for you." Sherlock said and gave a small huff, which made Jane laugh. "My, my, you've turned into a proper father." she said and chuckled a little.
John smiled a little over at him. "Of course, love. I got the impression you were more relaxed the past couple of days though." He commented after a moment, still looking at Sherlock.
"Well. yeah I thought that was a given." Ron said and chuckled a little, before he reached out to take Charlie's free hand.
"Oh sure, we can do that, on that note, though, do you actually like yours? I wasn't sure about what design to pick." Sherlock said and really shopping for 12 year old girls wasn't his strong suit.
"I just like it.. Mycroft and I played something similar when we were kids.. we didn't have a board and figures.. but one of us thought of a murder or another crime, gave some hints and the other had to find out what happened." Sherlock said and chuckled, "But.. about the dress.. I think I'll skip uni tomorrow and go shopping..." he smirked.
Sherlock hummed against John's lips, moving his arms around his fiancé and pulling him closer, "Do you charge kissing separately?" he teased as they finally broke apart, smirking at John.
Sherlock chuckled, "I just really can't believe this would work out like that, I mean, I'd have been happy with not hostile behaviour from your father, please, /please/ let me be the one to tell Harry he hugged me even though I told him I'm intending to marry you." Sherlock said and grinned, "But.. perhaps lets not tell her that while she's driving."
"Yes, basically. The adoptive parents have always been very clear about them wanting to move on." Greg said with a frown. "It's strange, I knew all of those children and I wouldn't have thought any of them thought that way."
"I think that that's be a wonderful thing, if you really think you can handle them. I mean, I had my first child when I was 23 and that was almost considered a bit late, so I doubt think either of you are too young really. You should just know what having children means for a relationship. The girls will be more important than your work, and balancing these with a proper sex life or just time alone hard. That's something you shouldn't be surprised by." Vanessa said, before looking at David who didn't look too happy, but waited for Emma to say something first.
"Hm.. no. They don't look very comfortable." Rosie said and looked up at John, "Can I have some tomato juice?" she asked, still making sure not to lose her grip on Charlie however, after all she had to make sure she wouldn't fall.
Sherlock chuckled, "I suppose so.. I haven't really tried." he said and sighed dramatically, "But if you want to check that out, I suppose I could be persuaded to work out a bit and see if anything chances.. You think you know someone to volunteer to give my full body a regular look over to check if there's a visible changes?" he asked and grinned at John.
John put his own, much slimmer portfolio onto the table too. "Oh yes, naturally, thank you for that." Mrs. Hope said with a smile and took the folders. Taking a look at John's first she skimmed his handful of certificates from his rugby times as well as the three summer camps he'd worked at, his CV and a copy of his graduation certificate. After looking at all of them for a while she nodded. "Yes, thank you. That's all I needed to see. Now.." She slipped the papers back into the folder and took Sherlock's. "That's quite an impressive record. It's been a while since I've seen someone apply with a diploma from the nineteenth century." She said with a chuckle as she went carefully through his documents.
"Should we give him.. or her a name?" Sherlock asked with a chuckle, "It used to be a person.. feels rude to call well.. /them/ just the thing."
"Mmh, I really like pizza with mushrooms and bell peppers. I don't know if there's an actual name for that though." John chuckled and lifted her up. "What about you?"
Sherlock smiled, resting his hand on John's knee, "I love you." he murmured and leant against John, trying to block out his nausea, knowing it'd pass soon. "Oh you two are so sugary sweet it makes me want to brush my teeth too." Harry laughed as she started the car again.
John blinked his eyes open at that and looked around for a second. "What? I'm- Oh, we're back. Right, thanks." John mumbled and cleared his throat, before giving him a smile and getting out of the car (quite conveniently on the side of the pavement.) Meanwhile Charlie had made sure Rosie hadn't got out on Sherlock's side of the car and already opened the boot of the car to get their bags out.
"Yeah these things tend to get more expensive the longer you wait so.." Harry said as she put her chucks back on, they didn't go so well with the dress, but oh well. "Hm, I'd offer to help, but if it's not about the chemical side, I'd be useless." Sherlock said as he took their glasses and brought them over before he went to grab the wine and bottle of blood, bringing it into the living room. "Well let's go then." Harry said and walked over to the door, "Hey Sherlock can I borrow that coat of yours? It's chilly outside." she said and Sherlock just nodded, "Take it." he said and chuckled as she put it on, having to lift the hem like a dress, "Good god you're a giant.." she said and laughed as she walked out the door like that.
At the end of the day John returned from work and was properly worn out. He'd been thinking about Richard and his dad a lot and wondered what had happened while he'd been away. "Good evening" He called after coming inside (yup, he'd brought his key) and went into the kitchen to find something somewhat edible.
"Yes.. I.. I figured." Violet said, slowly feeling the shock fade away as she stepped forwards and hugged Sherlock, who's arms went around her in return immediately, "Oh my god, you have no idea how much I've missed you." she said and now did start to cry, "I've missed you too.." Sherlock said, resting his head against her shoulder, sniffling a little himself. "I just.. I can't believe it.." Sherlock said and looked at John, "Are there any more family members of mine married to yours, you better tell me now, because you better tell me now, because I don't know how many more of those shocks I can take at this point." he chuckled.
John nodded slowly at that; he did come after his gran after all. It was reassuring, though, to know that his fears weren't completely unfounded and that he wasn't the first to consider that. "Yes, that's what I've been thinking about as well." He noticed the way Sherlock played with his food and rested his hand subtly on his boyfriend's thigh. "Do you think it was the right choice?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes fondly, "Don't worry, you'll have that soon enough." he said and chuckled a little.
"You two realise that I could just have sent you," Sherlock began looking at Richard, "John's number and given you," he went on turning to look at John, "Richard's?" he asked and chuckled, shaking his head as Richard took John's phone. "This is more convenient though." Richard said and chuckled, "You're just annoyed this is delaying your couch adventure with your fiancé." he said and Sherlock smirked, "Maybe." he admitted, clearing his throat, "He's my boyfriend, though. Not my fiancé." Sherlock explained and grinned at John, "Wait, didn't you say you're going to marry?" Richard asked and Sherlock chuckled again, "Well, yeah we will.. But John keeps waiting for the right moment to propose." he said with a smirk.
"Right, thank you so much for giving him my letter!" Charlie remembered, changing her act a little, before going over to Rosie and look at her presents. "What did Santa bring you?"
"Yeah that! And so is Charlie." Rosie said and smiled, "And they even helped me to learn to read! My cousins can read a lot of words already and they're only three years old! They're Papa's sisters, they're highly gifted too and papa is, and Vanessa is too, she's papa's mummy. Papa says it's running in the family." she babbled on with a grin when Sherlock returned into the living room with a steaming cup of coffee for Viktor, figuring he could use that since it was still rather cold outside. "I see she's telling you her as of yet quite short lifestory?" he asked Viktor with a smirk and chuckled a little as he set the cup down on the table.
"Let's tell them then. Looking at it from that perspective there's really not much that'd speak against it." John ate the last bit of his croissant. "I'm sure Clara and Mycroft will be incredibly happy too. Do you think she's already contacted them?"
"Oh yes, a day of feeling miserable with only yourself to blame is worse than any grounding or whatever we'd have thought of could be." Sherlock said and sighed, "I just wish she wouldn't feel that miserable." he admitted with a chuckle, before smiling, thinking of a detail he hadn't picked up on before, "She's called me t-paps.." he said and couldn't exactly pinpoint why that made him smile like an idiot. "She hadn't yet, even though we had agreed on that..."
"I think she'd appreciate that." John said with a smile, before asking. "Now, how was your day, now that you know all about ours?" He asked, since Sherlock came right next on his priority list.
"If feeling bad another way counts as better then yes." Sherlock said and pouted a little, setting his glass down and moving to rest his head on John's lap, "Did you call my mum?" he asked, sniffling a little, trying to suck air through his blocked nose.
Sherlock blushed a little at that, "Well, he is quite extraordinary." he said and chuckled somewhat sheepishly, "You're okay with that, then? I mean, apart from getting out of here, is it okay for you that John and I are .. well, gay? I don't want you to be uncomfortable." he said, just wanting to clear that up.
"Yeah, I figured that. Still though.. after his aunt lashed out like that, he should have realised that pointing out that love bite isn't that much of a good idea." Sherlock chuckled, pulling his keys out of his pocket and frowning for a second, taking the spare key off and holding it out for John, "I suppose you'll need that." he said and smiled at John.
"Including the story of how much of an idiot I've been thinking I could forget you if I just don't see you anymore." Sherlock said and quickly pulled John in for a proper kiss, before he could get into the car.
Sherlock cleared his throat, "Well.. I'm living on family funds at the moment. Our family always had money and my ancestors invested it wisely and early in the right ways. So luckily that enables me to to focus entirely on my education. I honestly don't need much, though. I have a cosy small flat in the centre of the town, which makes my way to uni shorter. I have a spare bedroom too," he said and took a deep breath again, "John and I decided to erm.. make it a flat share." he said and hoped that flat share was a better word than we're moving in together. And maybe thinking of Sherlock and John as flatmates was easier for him for a while anyway.
"I wouldn't have done if it'd leave wounds, John." Sherlock said and leant in to peck John's neck, "You do have a lot of love bites though.." he said and chuckled, looking at all the faint bruises on John's chest and neck and .. in lower areas." he said with a laugh.
Sherlock smirked, "Well, I've got to postpone that exploration, though. Is there a flower shop around your flat? We could share a cab and you go change while I get the flowers." he said and reluctantly removed his arms, before he climbed off the sofa to go refill his glass. "You want some more lasagne?" He asked, picking up his glass.
"Yeah, I'll just wait for you here." Charlie said and ran a hand through her hair, before giving him a short smile. She'd have learned that list by heart when he came back with Rosie.
Sherlock smiled, "She's with Greg, I've been talking to Dorothy this morning." he said and handed her the top sheet of his stack of papers, "Rosie wrote her a letter, apparently." he said with a chuckle.
"Yeah.. we did." Sherlock said and sighed, "We need to make plans for situations like this, coordinate it better. Because apparently we need to have those plans. I didn't think they'd do anything in bright daylight.."
"You already did it?" Emma asked surprised and looked at her son with a frown, though she wasn't mad, just very surprised, she hadn't thought he'd do it so soon, then again.. it was doing a lot of good for his health, so really, even if it was a big step, it did take a weight off her mind, especially with him wanting to join the military.
Sherlock sighed, "But they did it! It was the only possible conclusion from all the evidence if they are to stupid to write rules for their own game, that's not my fault." he said and rolled his eyes. "Oh god stop it, my teeth!" Harry exclaimed jokingly and laughed, "Even your bickering is sweet.." she chuckled.
"No.." Sherlock said with a frown, before giving a small smirk, "Maybe it's Lowell.." he said, partly to tease her a little, but also to distract her as he turned off the music, "John, did you invite someone over?" he called from the kitchen as he adjusted Rosie's position a little, who was still practising the move from before.
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah.. if you had been so sure about that all along, you probably wouldn't have almost broken my hand. You squeezed it so hard, I thought you were trying to make a smoothie out of it." he said teasingly, sitting down on the bench.
Ron laughed, "Hm.. maybe I need to have a word with the hat so we can be in the same team, of course you'll have to call yourself Hermione and we need a guy called Harry who's wearing glasses."
The kiss consoled him a little, though he wouldn't have thought that his sister and boyfriend would bond that quickly. Harry swapped phones with Sherlock, still smiling. "Take care of that one, Sherlock. Call me any time, if you need some tips on how to annoy him." Harry chuckled and put the money away. "And don't let dad intimidate you."
Sherlock nodded, placing the cup on the floor, "Alright then.. I suppose it is a bit like a phlebotomy, actually." he said and chuckled nervously.
"No, I think they don't use glasses because they don't have hands to hold the glasses." Rosie said and chuckled a little, "If they had hands, they wouldn't have had to come up with the tongue shovel trick!" she said and Sherlock nodded appreciatively, "Oh true." he said and looked thoughtfully at Charlie, trying very hard not to laugh.
Sherlock chuckled, "Not bad. Did you learn all those letters today?" he asked and Rosie nodded proudly, "Yeah and it's not at all as hard as I thought it was, it's really easy!" she said and smiled brightly as Sherlock closed her notebook and set it aside, before placing her plate in it's spot, so Rosie could sit and eat. Taking his own plate, he sat down on the bed, "Bumblebee, would you mind waiting here for a few minutes while Charlie shows me her room when we're done eating?" he asked, looking meaningfully at Charlie, figuring what ever she wanted to talk about was something she wouldn't want Rosie to hear, otherwise she'd have already said it.
When Sherlock had finished his little carepack, consisting of a fresh set of bedding and extra blanket, some chocolate chips cookies in a freezer bag, a bottle of blood and a notebook and some short crayons (he didn't trust her with normal long ones, she actually might try to stab them with those), he walked downstairs, waiting at the basement door for John. He figured it'd be better to go down there as a united front, rather than risking her attack them again (if she should have managed to untie herself).
"Alright then.. If you want some painkillers, though.. let us know.. and if it makes you feel better, we can give them to you in the original package so you know we didn't mess around with them." Sherlock said and stood up, holding up out a hand to help her stand up.
"Both. That and decency." The nurse replied. "You should treat the people around yourself carefully, you can't know what they're dealing with or how they'll react. Hurting each other won't be tolerated, obviously. Can you accept those rules?"
"That's why it'll be funny when people find out we're not." Sherlock said and chuckled, "And I think it'll tip people off if we're standing next to each other and they do as well." he smirked, leaning over to peck John's lips, since he wasn't exactly proper kiss ready.
"Well, I was just talking to Mrs Hope about starting to teach here and since I have multiple degrees but apparently none in pedagogy yet, she suggested I'd start out as a teacher's aid until I do have that degree." Sherlock said and yeah, he did have to admit that Lestrade was rather good looking. John probably wouldn't be happy about this, but he'd rather take John's jealousy than having to deal with Rachel on a daily basis.
"Hm.. I think we'll be showered in valentine's cards, Janine made some with the kids and Rosie made one for each of us." Sherlock said and sat up a bit, running his hand through his hair to straighten it a bit.
"What do you think of her so far then?" Sherlock asked and smiled at Charlie, "Think you two would have become friends if you'd met her 13 year old self?"
"I meant eventually, you sod. I was not going to wait until marriage, you know, Mr. supplies." John laughed and nudged Sherlock's side. "And it obviously would've been a surprise, now that I know your birthday." He joked with a smirk, following Sherlock out the door.
"You know the story sounds way more intriguing if you say it how it was, it was a pirate, not a criminal." Sherlock said and laughed, "But yes, I still have him, my most loyal companion, mainly because he's well.. dead.." he chuckled.
"Oh no, we've got to keep the roof hatch uncovered because of the fire, wouldn't want you all to suffocate inside." Victor said, closing the door behind himself and turning to John, "And erm.. I still owe you an answer." he said quietly, not wanting the other's inside to overhear him.
"She's a sweetheart. I can't wait to have that name either." John said with a smile, before glancing at the minibar. "Could I maybe still have that glass of blood though?" He asked, before a chat bubble popped up.
"Hm.. they might." Sherlock said and smiled, "They'd make great parents, that's for sure, though." he said and chuckled, "Though I assume they take some more time with that than John and I did, but we didn't go there with the intention to adopt.. our whole relationship and the whole adoption matter.. it was more like puzzle pieces clicking into place, really. It sounds absolutely cheesy, but sometimes I think it was destiny."
Sherlock smirked at John, "I'm surprised he said that after I've just told him I'm most likely going to marry you." he said and chuckled a little, running a hand through his hair.
"It really doesn't taste like spinach?" Rosie asked and scrunched up her nose again, "Because spinach is icky!" she said and Sherlock chuckled, taking a table spoon and holding it out for her to taste the sauce after dipping it into the pesto, "Here, at least try it, if you really don't like it, you can have ketchup." he said and watched Rosie lick the pesto off the spoon. Rosie frowned, obviously concentrating hard on the taste, before smiling, "It's tasty!" she said eventually.
Charlie had been reading a book up until now, but looked up when she heard someone knock on her door. God, hopefully it wasn't Sally looking for trouble again.. "Yeah, come in!" She called and set the book down on her chest to see who it was.
"I didn't say decide then." Sherlock said and raised his brows. "Honestly waiting five years for a decision will be torture.." he said and huffed a laugh, "Maybe don't take /that/ much time, yeah?" he asked with smile.
Sherlock smiled and nodded, "Mhm.. it did." he said and chuckled a little, "Do you think I should talk to Mrs Hudson or should we leave that to Mrs Turner?" he asked, still finding it a bit surreal that a woman that was more of an aunt, or motherly friend to him was two years younger than him. He had of course assumed she was about 200 years younger than him, but it still felt different that she was born just two years after him.
"Yes, you're right, she is." John agreed with a smile, before beginning to trace lines on Sherlock's back again while they were still alone. "You have to give it to them, I'm impressed they haven't checked the presents yet. Especially Rosie."
"What's destiny?" Rosie asked and looked curiously up at John, before taking the last bite of lasagna, "Does it mean great? Because I think it's great!" she said after she swallowed.
"Something like that." Lowell said and smiled again, "Look.. I suppose it would be better if I'd talk to your boyfriend directly?" he asked and looked at the house again, "If now isn't a good time, I can come back another time, though."
John smiled at that and pulled him into a proper kiss, bringing his hand up to cup his boyfriend's cheek. He hummed a little into the kiss and let his other hand slight down onto his waist.
"Bye, have fun!" Charlie said with a smile and John took Sherlock's hand to walk with him outside. "You too. Sleep well."
"And there we are." John said, as he set her down again. "How about you give your bee to my mum and Sherlock and I follow behind in a minute, hm? I bet she'll be chuffed." He suggested, since he needed to talk to Sherlock in private right now.
John gave him a look before snorting a laugh. "I suppose so. But if mum takes much longer, I might have fallen asleep by the time she gets downstairs, so there's always that." He joked when Charlie returned. "Here, number two coming right up. The ketchup has got 'toasting flavour' by the way, so we're in for a treat." She commented with a snicker.
"You mean the way he looked at her? And, well, the door?" John asked with a chuckle. "Yeah, I noticed. And he does seem like a decent fellah."
"I just talked to your younger self and yeah, weird, describes it quite well." John said with a sigh, before asking him a bit more carefully "Are you okay though? Seeing him must be a shock."
Sherlock rolled his eyes when Rachel talked to John while it was about Sherlock possibly starting to work here. "Right then, let's go /love/." he said, pointedly taking John's hand and entwining their fingers.
"No, we don't unfortunately.." Emma said with a glance at her husband, before standing up again, to look at Charlie, "It's actually the first time we're here." she said and gave David another, 'it's your fault' look.
Dennis blushed a little more, before nodding. "I, erm, I think I might be able to make an exception." He said, before breaking eye-contact with the other to look for those files.
It was as if he were talking to a ghost. Quite literally, since his father even sounded just like he remembered. And he did look young. Very young in fact. Though not enough for David to think for a moment he was the older one. He really had been alive all this time... "Please, come inside." David said after a moment and stepped back a little without holding out his hand.
"Cool, thanks." Charlie said with a grin. She was already looking forward to learning all that from Sherlock. "And yeah, it's all reasonable, but that doesn't mean I can't be excited about it. I mean, I just /hate/ being bored. That's probably the main thing I've got in common with my friends."
"Let's wait for David. though." Sherlock said and gave John a smile, figuring it'd be better to tell them about it before doing anything else, just to get that over with.
"Still I should have noticed.." Sherlock said with a sigh, resting his forehead against John's. "Especially with Rosie, Charlie can more or less help herself, most of the time anyway, but Rosie couldn't.."
Sherlock smiled and stood up as well, pulling her into a hug worthy of a Watson - or future Watson for that matter, "I'm really glad to have you back." he said and smiled at her as he let go. "Well, I'm glad I don't have to hide the whole vampire thing from the two of you.." Harry said and chuckled softly, pulling Sherlock into a hug as well.
"I wouldn't say you have to be mentally stable for acting..." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "Actually most of the best actors had mental problems.." he said and shrugged, "But I agree, he doesn't seem to be able to pull something like this off." he said, before giving Charlie a grin, "But apart from all of this, that was some very good investigating, there, Ms Marple." he said and ruffled Charlie's hair a little.
"Well, who knows, maybe it's just a coincidence, but at least he's a good guy." Sherlock said and smiled, "I'm just a little worried about how she's going to keep the whole vampire thing secret. I mean.. you know how it is with first loves... they'll want to spend every free minute together.. which makes it kind of difficult to hide your diet habits.."
"Sure." John said and back to Fay. "There's really not much I've got to tell you now though. You'll stay tied up until sometime tomorrow, because I'm too pissed off now to come down here in the middle of the night to give you a toilet break. It really is simple for us; we'll do a bit more than necessary to make sure you're not hurting anybody in this family. If you can't understand that, you'll spend some time in that chair." Fay avoided to look at either of them, though especially the taller one was a lot more intimidating now.. "That's all I've got to tell you; see you tomorrow."
"I know." Sherlock said with a grin, "That's more than I expected too." he said and smiled, "Oh and I think that might be one of the best things on that list." he said and pointed at one point on the list, reading 'Personal Diaries'. "I've asked Dorothy about it and she remembered the day they packed up all of it. Your mother has been keeping a diary since she's been 13, actually and she's kept all of them." he said and smiled.
Richard shook his head, "It's far from being unnatural, what's unnatural is acting against your own instincts and pretend to be someone you're not." he said and shrugged, "Is it really important what gender someone has? I've always thought love is about what's underneath the skin."
"Oh, that's good. I'm just not awfully fond of the taste, that's all." John said and rested his chin on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Oh, I can play the butler for a while. I've got all my homework done and my mum said since I'm just across the road, I can stay until evening that's alright with you. So you can relax a bit too." Ron said and gave John a smile.
"Me neither, really." Sherlock said and smiled, "It feels so weird not to be around them." he said and frowned, "It's strange how you can get used to being a parent that quickly."
"Well what did he say he use to be like?" Jane asked with a soft chuckle, "Well the way I know him .. he's aloof, sometimes rude, childish, yet he's got a soft heart, which more than makes up for that." she said and smiled, "What's he like in your time?" she asked curiously.
"Oh hi there.. nice of you to come around." Sherlock said the moment he wrapped his arms around the girl from behind after sneaking up on her. Better safe than sorry, after the beating she had given Ron, he didn't want to risk her having her hands free. "I wanted to talk to you anyway."
"I don't know.. just someone.. there are people." Sherlock chuckled, "We have the money and it'd save us from that pile of dishes.. although on the other hand, the bloodstains in the glasses might be difficult to explain." he said, his last words so quietly that only John could hear them.
When they returned to the orphanage the next day (just after getting Sherlock's papers from the cottage) they were greeted by a young, a blondish woman they hadn't seen before. "Hello. Can I help you?" She asked after a moment with a quiet voice, obviously not having expected to meet strangers at the door.
"Yeah! It's amazing!" Rosie said with a big smile on her face, before looking back to the camera, "Alright, now say cheese!" Sherlock said and started the timer, before quickly moving to stand between them, lifting Rosie up so she was in the middle and high enough for all of them to fit on the photo.
"When I first heard Harry mentioning your name I was so surprised, since that was the first time I'd heard your name since back then." She said and shook her head. "When I actually saw and heard you I initially thought I'd gone mad." She chuckled. "But to answer your question, Janine, I don't really flirt with police officers either these days."
"Right, so how am I the one that's more nervous about this exactly?" Sherlock asked and laughed again, "I mean.. I do know what it feels like, I've done it before and after all, I will be the one that bites, not the one that's being bitten, but you do seem awfully relaxed about it."
"So would I." He replied and smiled into Sherlock's neck. "I'm glad we could agree on that." He murmured and ran a hand down Sherlock's side. “Might be some extra motivation.”
"We're talking about the kids again." Sherlock said with a chuckle, realising that a lot of their alone time of tonight was actually spent worrying about the kids, talking about the kids, generally thinking about the kids, was that how real parents felt all the time?
"Awesome." Charlie said and gave him a smile. "Come any day after 4pm." She said and put her camera back into her bag. She still wanted to retain some of the mystery (like her guitar for example) and leave on a good note. "We live on the second floor and my room's on the third one, alright?"
Mycroft walked inside and looked at the passing enigmas; he'd never understand children. "Oh, hello." Rachel said as she saw him. "Greg asked me to tell you to come see him because of your new room plan. Apparently Dorothy made some changes for the semester."
"Understandable." Harry said, snorting a laugh, "Building up stamina like that can't hurt." she said and stopped the car, turning around to look at Sherlock, "Alright we're there, you're coming to the flower shop, or should we pick you up?" she asked, "Well, I was actually planning to sit down for a second and used that time to relax a little and massage away the headaches.." he said, while actually he was more planning on drinking as much as he could stomach so he wouldn't get hungry so quickly tonight. "Better pick me up."
"A flower girl has the duty to walk down the aisle - that means through the church down to the altar - and scatter rose petals on her way before the ceremony starts" John explained with a warm smile. "It's an important task, so we'd be honoured if you wanted to do that for us."
At that, she stopped yelling and struggling for a moment. Would he really do that? Would the family even get her out in under two days after she had failed? Having stopped cursing now, she just focused on fighting and throwing them both down the stairs, before he could drag her anywhere. "You have no idea who you're dealing with" She grumbled angrily. Maybe if she just tilted her head right, she could just reach his skin with her fangs or get through the thin shirt...
"Oh, brilliant." John said with a smile and took them to have a look at what he'd found. "How did you get those though?" He asked and turned the first page. "I'd have thought those kind of documents were- who the bloody hell is Dennis?!"
"Really?" Janine asked surprised and Clara nodded. "Thanks to our relationship I've got my cousins, aunt and childhood best friend back and Harry her grandfather." She said with a smile. "It's strange how these things happen sometimes. I never thought anything like that could happen when we got together." She said and shook her head.
Sherlock frowned, "I wasn't about to go running to her and tell her all about it." he said and rolled his eyes, "Can we just settle once and for all that I'm not an idiot?" he asked and rolled his eyes.
"And Dimmock?" Sherlock asked, looking at John, "Assuming you want to talk to him already, that is." he said and shrugged.
"Sally said that he wants to be our erm..." Rosie paused, trying to remember the word Sally had used, "Uhm, our poster parent!" she said, quite sure that had been what Sally had said.
" 'Mortal food?' " John asked with a chuckle, though he couldn't help leaning into his boyfriend's hands a little. "You know what, on second thought I'm going with code."
"Oh, we do actually. We're quite understaffed when it comes to sciences." Rachel said with a pained smile. "I'll arrange for you to get to talk to the head of our institute. You've studied both, I assume?" She asked, because even if they were desperate, they couldn't just take any vampire.
"Well.. perhaps we should start looking into alternative food sources." Sherlock said and shrugged, "Maybe we could try to find a way to create artificial blood.. our combined knowledge about chemistry and biology must be good for something."
Charlie rolled her eyes at that. "At least you didn't go through with killing him." She said and gave him a look when Rosie and John returned. "What's going on here" he asked with s chuckle. "If I didn't know better I'd say you promise to get her a car. Hang on, you didn't, did you?"
"Mmh, Harry and I should visit them all again sometime. It's almost infuriating how all those years we we were this close to meeting up with them." Clara sighed and shook her head. "Anyway, isn't it your turn now?"
"Sure, see you, Vanessa." John said, still smiling as he held out two fingers for Amy so she could hold his hand. "We'll have a nice time until mummy's back, won't we?" He said to Ally.
It was her big day. Not her birthday... a much bigger one: She was getting married. Today! Getting her hair and make-up done for this special day, she sat in the make-up room, already wearing her white puffy dress and waited for Sherlock to finish her up. "Oh man, I'm starting to feel nervous now." She said with a grin, glancing at her Rolex: 14:44; they still had some time left. "How does it feel to be a prospective father in law?"
"Yeah since that trip to the bakery, I'm a little hesitant to take her out somewhere unless we can actually pay full attention to her." Sherlock said and sighed, "At least I think she understood that it is a bit not good to run off on her own."
"They did ask me about your favourite pizza toppings so they could get them, but I guess that could mean a whole lot of things.." John said with a chuckle, which made grin a bit, before he continued to tease. "But of /course/ I said spinach, broccoli and goat cheese"
Charlie walked with them a few steps outside, before frowning and looking up at them. "Erm.. I'm pretty sure you guys have forgotten to pay."
"Hm, right. And Sherlock said John and him had been both dreaming so that's why they didn't hear you." Charlie said and immediately felt stupid because of overreacting like that (she was almost like Sherlock when he was feeling normal). Meanwhile Mrs. Hudson took Rosie's hand and walked them up the stairs. "That must be it. Now, did you have nice dreams?" She asked them halfway up.
"Well to be fair, I did have the heater stashed up here anyway." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I used to come here sometimes, I told you about that, remember? Shortly after we met? You laughed and brushed it off as a joke at the time."
Sherlock didn't get to reply as he felt John's lips against his own, instantly wiping all thoughts of his brother from his mind as he leant a little more into his fiancé, "You realise we have roughly six hours all to ourselves now?" he murmured against John's lips.
"No? How'd you figure that out?" Charlie asked, looking up and wrapping her jacket a little tighter around herself.
"It's a bit like.. going to preschool.." Sherlock said with a laugh, since they were really doing a lot of crafting and reading kids books. "How's your study party going?" he asked as he followed John into the kitchen and suddenly froze in motion as he spotted the man that was presumably John's friend Jim. "You gotta be kidding me.." he said after a few seconds and let out a laugh. "Scott?" he asked and he just knew this guy didn't just look a lot like an old friend of him. He had the same eyes, the same birthmark on his collar bone. Definitely Scott.
"Would you stop looking so worried?" Sherlock asked as he nearly had to drag Janine into the elevator, leading up to Clara's and Harry's penthouse. "They'll like you." he said and gave her a smile. Even he liked Janine and he wasn't the kind of person who met someone and instantly thought it would be fun to go have a drink with them, yet with Janine, he actually had thought that, hence why he had brought her along. He was funny enough and to be honest, he also wanted someone along who was interested in men, since he kind of had the feeling after a few drinks conversations like that would inevitably come up. Plus, he knew from experience that it was difficult to keep that big of a secret from close friends, so unless you've been turned along with them, or stayed with the person that turned you, having close friends was always difficult, somehow he wanted her to have some vampire outside the orphanage which she could be completely open with, knowing himself how important that was.
"You're welcome to ask everything you want, you know. I was just sort of surprised..." Sherlock said and sat down next to John at the table after pouring himself another glass. "With most injuries, the best you can do for me is get me home and convince people I do not need to go to a hospital since you're a doctor.." he said and shrugged.
Clara giggled a little and gave her wife a bit of a look. John laid an arm on Sherlock's back and brought the other to his cheek, ignoring his older sister. "Don't think I could forget that." He said with a chuckle and pecked his lips (though, if it hadn't been for the blood, he'd done more than that) "God, I love you. I'd better go and unstab the board now then, hm?"
"Yes, it did take some convincing from my family's side. This isn't quite how I imagined seeing you again." David said and back at his father. "But I want answers and you're the only one that can give them to me."
John smiled into the kiss, cupping Sherlock's cheek, before pulling back eventually. "Pub night it is then. I'm glad I finally get to introduce you to them instead of swooning over you in front of them." He said with a chuckle.
"Yeah, it's really a little strange. Though, you've got lots of family events to catch up on... Do you want to maybe look at Harry and Clara's wedding pictures? They looked beautiful that day. I'm sure I've got Paul and Va-Violet's somewhere on my phone as well."
"You've got a lovely family from what I can tell." Viktor commented. "I don't think many people your age can claim that. Well, not people at all, I suppose."
Violet gave her son a grateful look, before looking to her other daughter. "Yes, I have!" Amy called. "His post code his XM0 0AS!  Amber helped me with that, but I did most of it!" She said proudly, not yet getting her older sister's pun.
"Probably, but from experience, I can say that it's good to go easy on your stomach after something like that, even as a vampire." Sherlock said and smiled, "Maybe I'll make her a light soup with some blood in it."
"Yeah, it's a long story, really, there's this rich guy who's incredibly picky about where he donates," Sherlock said and rolled his eyes, "Of course I can't give you any names, all I can say is that he's really paranoid about bad press and wants to make sure there's nothing fishy about that place."
John smiled and ran his thumb softly over her temple before picking up his own book." What are we having for dinner tonight?" Charlie asked and jumped up to follow Sherlock into the kitchen.
"We are so going on that alone time holiday when all of this is over." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, bringing John's hand up to his mouth to kiss it, before letting go of him entirely so he could get the girls, starting to collect their dishes.
"Comforting to know that however badly we do at getting married we won't leave the other one for it." John smirked and squeezed the arm around Sherlock's middle a bit.
Sherlock smiled, "Well, besser ist das." he chuckled, before remembering something he had thought of a while ago, "By the way, I've been thinking how to further improve your safety." he said and knew John's first reaction to this would be wringing his neck, "And I've been thinking we could teach you to drive, on private property, obviously, but if you ever have to escape somewhere, you should be able to safely use any tool that might help you with that escape and cars are a tool like that. You just have to promise that if we do teach you, you will not unless it's a life or death emergency drive before you have an actual licence."
"Er... okay." Ron said and frowned, "But.. I'll need a good excuse for the black eye and the broken nose... because they'll definitely ask about that."
"Mrs Turner is his neighbour, not his aunt.." Rosie said, sniffling again as she lifted the blanket a little to look at them, "I told you that." she said, looking at Charlie and Sherlock couldn't help but smile. Good trick, he had to give her that. "True." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Don't you want to introduce us?" he asked, wondering if that would help distract her, "Okay..." Rosie mumbled, lifting the blanket a little more, "That's Charlie." she said and pointed at the older girl, "And that's Lock." she said pointing at him.
Sherlock chuckled, "Okay... scratch races from our list of argument settling methods." he said and chuckled, "We'd never get anywhere like that." he said as they walked into the shop, "Although I did cheat, so I wouldn't mind paying all of it."
"I will..." Harry said and smiled at him, "You too. And you Sherlock." she said and pulled him into a hug as well. This family really had a thing for hugs it seemed. "See you next week." Sherlock said and watched with a smile as she got into the car and drove off.
"Well, it's hard to tell how many similar facilities there are. If you make a network like that, there's always the danger more people will find out about you, so some orphanages will likely decide to keep to themselves. And with those children you want to keep the risks minimal. We have connections to other orphanages in Glasgow, Dublin, Berlin and Reykjavik, but those are the only one's I know of. The specific one I'm working with is looking after roughly 70 children right now. When I started working with them it were maybe half as many."
"Yeah, I agree. And the way you've describes her she probably knows very well what she wants." John nodded. "How about we clean up the storage room on Thursday? I haven't any classes there." He said, bed frowning. "By the way, when are your new classes now?"
"Hm, I mean we could emphasise that they can always say no." John said, before Charlie looked around the corner with a grin, having overheard the last few sentences. "You want us to have your last names?" She asked them after a moment, before walking into the living room.
Sherlock's lips curled up into a smile at that, "Yeah.. I suppose we have." he said and chuckled again, "We should run everywhere.. we could double the number of snog stops like that." he grinned, leaning in to capture John's lips with his own.
"Would be good if you take a few days time for that list though, just to make sure there's as much information and alter egos and places they lived on as possible. I mean the places should be easy since you probably weren't too far away before you lost each other." Sherlock said and sighed, "Damned pre-telephone times, really. It's so much easier to stay in touch these days."
"Wasn't she an infant back then? I don't even want to think about having to do that." John said and shook his head, before remembering this network they were after. "Christ, it's beyond me how anyone could do that to a child with no good reason.."
"Yes, I'm rather sure they are." Jane said and smiled, "I if you look closely, you can see the light from the fire through the little cracks between the wooden boards and it looks like they opened the roof hatch so the smoke can escape.
"Uh.. no. We allowed Charlie to have a bit of wine with blood and yeah.. her alcohol tolerance doesn't seem to be particularly high.." Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes, "It's that or she's sneaked more wine than we allowed, but she was very cheery last night. Not so cheery when she woke up briefly this morning.." he said and chuckled a little, it felt a little weird though, that suddenly his mother and him had children - almost the same age too.
"It's amazing!" Rosie said and held it out for Charlie to look at it, "Look, I've got a pencil with a bee! And an eraser if I make mistakes and a notebook like a real student!" she said happily and Sherlock couldn't help but chuckle at how happy that little present made her, "Alright, you two get set up to study and I'll get those cookies for you." he said, standing up.
"Yeah, I wouldn't really want a four year old to have to bite and drink from a person.. especially since you said Rosie doesn't even know about the whole truth yet. What did you say she calls it? Tomato juice? I've got to remember that, I wouldn't want to scare her, telling her I've got blood for her.." Victor said and smiled a little, "It's in a way, rather nice that I'll get to meet Sherlock's children, you know. It's weird, but.. nice."
"You're welcome." Sherlock said and rubbed Charlie's back a little, "Is you knee alright again, though? You didn't limp when you walked into the living room just now, so I take that as a good sign. But you might want to go easy on it for a few hours."
"Mrs Hudson?" Sherlock, John and Charlie said with one voice, before Sherlock dashed to the door of the shed, realising what her words meant. Had to mean. Please let her words mean what he thought they meant, he prayed as he pulled the door open facing a group of soldiers in red coats surrounding Mrs Hudson and nearly collapsing in relief when he saw the little blonde head peeking out of a cocoon of blankets, held by one of the soldiers who looked as taken in by the little girl as anyone who met her was while she was babbling happily away at him, "And then I saw a carriage and a lot of girls in like really pretty dresses and hats and so many horses and..." stopping abrubtly, Rosie looked at Sherlock her eyes going wide as she smiled, "Lock!" she said and wiggled a little in her cocoon trying to free herself to get over to Sherlock, "Charlie! John!" she added as she spotted the others. "Oh god, come here, honeybee." he said and gave the soldier an icecold stare as the man hesitated to hand the girl over. "It's fine, James. He's her .. brother." Victor said, walking closer. "Isn't that Holmes boy?" James asked and Victor shook his head, "Cousin. Strong family resemblance, I confused them myself. Scary that." he said and smiled, "Now hand the girl over, her siblings have been searching the town up and down since she ran off." he added and Rosie frowned, "I didn't run off." she complained with a pout and Sherlock chuckled a little, finally being allowed to lift her out of the man's grip, "Doesn't matter. I'm just glad you're back." he said, feeling tears sting in his eyes.
"Well.. let's hope when we do," Harry began, giving Clara a smile as she emphasised the 'when', so she'd note that she hadn't said 'if', "We're as lucky with our choice as Sherlock and John were, those little girls really are precious." she said and took a sip of her glass.
"Me, not so much, but I thought it was just manly enough for your dad to enjoy it.. and I know Richard will too, which is more important than my opinion on it, given that it's for the three of you. I thought you should have some time together, just.. you know.. the Watson men.." Sherlock said and smiled at his boyfriend, "It'll give you three an opportunity to talk and grow a little closer together again."
"I- yes, dad. I'll keep that in mind." David said after a moment and looked down on the table for a short while. "You've already met Harry and John then?"
John remained still and just waited for his dad to make the next move, hoping his company was somewhat helping. After a few more minutes had passed and it still didn't look like David was going to say something, John broke the silence. "I met him that evening, after Sherlock had asked him to come over. He recognised me immediately." He said and paused shortly, figuring the implications of that were clear. "And he said he really wants to meet-" He was cut off by his father's look. Now that David had turned his head and John could, for the first time since he'd entered, really see his face. Especially his usually sharp eyes stood out, now that they were red-rimmed and just... tired, hurt. 'Weak' wouldn't have been the right word to describe David; that was really the last one on the list. 'Wounded' seemed more fitting.
Sherlock suppressed the urge to roll his eyes, he could clearly read from her face that she wasn't believing a word he said, "Well... good then." he said and frowned, "You know what, it's probably best if we all go to sleep now." he said and wondered for a moment what to do with Fay. "John.. do you think you can carry her into the basement along with the chair? I really don't want to risk untying her completely before."
Ron nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard a voice from above him and a second time when he looked up and found out who's voice it was. Oh good god.. "Er.. hi." he said and belatedly shoved his sketchbook out of sight, before he gathered himself together a little, clearing his throat, "Your.. climbing up a fence with a camera to peek into people's backyard skills aren't bad either.." he said and managed a small smile.
"I... I'm sorry... father.." Sherlock stuttered, not an act as seeing his father's face again, shocked him. Hearing his voice had been disturbing enough, even more so realising it wasn't just imagination, but his face. Seeing him alive and in the flesh.. it was entirely different. It was a wonder he even managed to say anything at all. "I .. didn't mean.. I... I'm sorry." he said, not managing to form a more eloquent sentence right now.
"That's a possibility, but to someone who was trained in human medicine their symptoms don't look like allergic reactions." Paul said with the frown. "I wouldn't try any drastic changes in your lifestyle right now." Paul said and closed his bag again. "I wish there was more I could tell you right now."
"John can you untie.." Sherlock frowned, turning around to look at the girl, "What's your name anyway?" suddenly realising they didn't even know that.
Sherlock grinned at John as he sat down on his lap, chuckling again, "You remember the deal, right?" he asked, wrapping his arms around his boyfriend's neck. "Do I even want to know what deal involves you wearing a dress, high heels and.. Cluedo?" Harry asked with a laugh, looking Sherlock, "Since I /hope/ you won't need that dress after tonight, it's kinda neat, can I have it? Looks like I'll fit into it." she added with a laugh.
"I do actually." John said, smirking right back at him. "I have to admit though that I'd only watch it for the actor of the handsome pirate captain anyway, so..."
"See you." Ron said and smiled as he watched her walk off, only remembering that he didn't even know her last name, let alone her phone number or anything when she had already left. Well good job that one, he could be such a dork. But at least he knew where she lived so there was still hope.
"Wait I have to think of a wish." Rosie said and frowned for a moment, before smiling, she would wish that she can stay with Lock and John and Charlie forever. That was a good wish. "I've got something!" she said and smiled, leaning over to the candles a little and starting to blow them out, but it really took a lot of blowing, but then all the candles were out and she grinned happily.
"And I genuinely appreciate that." John said with a smile. "And I'm as sure as I can be, that has to be good enough."
"Mmh," Violet hummed and glanced over to him. "Well, I'm very glad the girls didn't just act like that when everyone in our family was around." She said. "How do you think does John feel about everything going on at home?"
"Yeah, the early 2000s must've an interesting time to grow up in." Charlie said with a wink, remembering Rosie was in the room.
"Well.. Gavin's not the most interesting person to talk to.." William said and shrugged, "Michael is too busy to talk because he already has various people to talk to and Jim is.. enigmatic.." he said and chuckled a little, "To be honest, he seems a bit like a child at times."
John gave him a soft smile at that. "No, it's not stupid at all. It's quite touching though." Be said and pecked his cheek. "I really wish I could've met her." He wouldn't have guessed Sherlock would do something that sentimental. And the story actually further encouraged him to introduce Sherlock to his own parents.
"Oh, that would be great." John said and went over to the desk to give Ron both paper and a pencil. He had definitely a lot more respect for this boy. "Can I still have a look at your nose and lip?"
"Yeah, same. I mean, he did do that with Harry, according to mum, but I can't remember much of that with her being 27." John said and ran his hand through Sherlock's hair. "But anyway, yeah then. Apparently mum was already considering a divorce because he'd become so... grumpy? I don't know." He said and looked from Sherlock's hair to his eyes.
John looked up at Sherlock with a smile and pressed a kiss to his cheek. "No, just like a romantic." He chuckled fondly before adding. "And yes, there is a difference."
"Yeah sure, I just... kind of feel like a toddler in a retirement home." Harry joked and still looked dumbfounded, "Hey, mum is just roughly 30 years older than you." Sherlock said, looking at his cousin with a laugh, while he fumbled out his phone to look up a photo of Carl, holding it out to Janine with a smile. "His name's Carl." he said, still grinning as he imagined the way he'd react, hearing about her age.
"Sure." Ron said and laughed a little, "So.. you like photography then?" he asked and looked at the camera, which seemed to be a rather professional one. "Anything .. erm.. else you like?" he asked, clearing his throat and blushing a bit as he tried to form the question he really wanted to ask, "Or... you know.. any.. one?" he asked, trying to sound casual and keeping his eyes on Juan.
Sherlock chuckled a little as Rosie leant over to look at what Paul was doing with that needle, before she gaped a little as he poked it into Charlie's arm and she didn't look like she liked that. "Hey.. why are you hurting Charlie?" she asked with a frown.
"Yeah." Rosie said and took John's hand, not quite so happy anymore. She thought it was mean that Sally always seemed to be annoyed no matter what she said.
Sherlock smiled at that held her a bit tighter, "Take care of yourself and of my little sisters." he said with a broad smile as he pulled back, looking at the little ones again, "Are you going to tell Paul and Amber about me? I mean.. that I'm your son?"
"Yes, I completely agree. Bad form, really, to put it mildly." She said with longer sigh and gave him her number. 'Oh Faith... I wish I had seen you again earlier. And now we're both Watsons, eh wot?"
"We did actually. Senectus we called called him, which literally comes from the Latin word for old. He claimed to be thousands of years old at the time and of divine lineage." Janine said and rolled her eyes. "A lot of it was probably for show in hindsight. I ran away from there too soon to get into the core of the cult, but one of the people I got to meet there said he'd been about one hundred at the time."
"Oh, yeah, I was actually. Long before my teaching career..." Greg remembered with a chuckle. "I was there right in the beginning; one of the first police officers of the Met once the police force was a bit more organised. I'd like to think I was young back then, but I guess I'm just very old right now." Greg said with a laugh. "Did Myc tell you that?"
Charlie nodded and looked at her hands; she had to be rational about this, that was most important. "You think our flat is bugged though? I mean, it'd be a possibility." She said after a moment, turning her head to find John coming back.
"Don't be like that, love." Sherlock said and leant in to press a chaste kiss to John's lips - given that he had had some of the blood sauce before, he really couldn't do anything else, so that'd have to do. "You're the only one I'd exchange make-up tips with while looking antiquities.." he said with a chuckle, before sitting down again. "Wait so.. you're really related?" Harry asked, glancing at Clara questioningly, "So one of your parents was a sibling of one of his parents?" she asked, unsure how to phrase the actual question about Sherlock being just as old or if he was a descendant of Clara's family.
Charlie went with Ron towards the counter and looked at the different cakes. "Wow, those look so good, if I were you I'd probably already weigh a ton." She said with a chuckle.
John sat down next to Charlie and fastened his seatbelt. "So, how has your day been so far?" He asked her interestedly. "Well, I've only been to classes until now. Oh and I've read a bit and played with Rosie. So, I guess it's been alright. But Sherlock said you're a paramedic; that must be exciting." John chuckled at that. "Yeah, the adrenaline's one of the reasons I like that job. And I can always see the impact the things I do have." He said. "Do you already know what you want to become?" Charlie nodded with a grin, reminded of what Sherlock had promised her. "Yeah, I want to become a photographer."
John nodded again. Quite thrown off by that, he didn't know what to say next, but didn't dare to ring off. It was quiet for a while, except for the faint sound of footsteps.
"You're welcome, I love you too." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "So.. can I have my present now? Because I'm dying of curiosity at this point." he said with a chuckle.
John burst into laughter at the impersonation of his obnoxious cousin. "I'm pretty sure that's exactly what he'd say." He shook his head a little. "Anyway, we could start out by telling him you're not named after your grandfather."At least they had some time before it would become a problem not to tell him.
Sherlock smiled, following John inside, "I don't know.. my sofa is larger so it's much more make out appropriate, but if you want a sofa that's too small for us to make out every night on.. go ahead." he said in the same teasing tone.
Sherlock smiled as he woke up the next morning, smiling as he felt John's arms around, still amazed to get to wake up next to him every day as he sat up a bit, stretching his arms.
"Yes, that's just right, Rosie." Violet said with a smile. "Mmh Rosie, guess what, I asked Amber to show me the zoo plan. - I've just learned how to read! - and the tigers are opposite to the Mamabees! So we can see both together!" Amy chirped happily.
"Oh, he did. Olivia paid his bail a few days later and he was even worse than before. He got in front of court a few weeks later though and yes, he did get prosecuted eventually. Olivia sold the house one and a half years later and moved away to her 'boyfriend' in Bermondsey as soon as she had filed the divorce papers. I think the way he'd acted after coming back really was the last straw for her." Scott told him. "I haven't seen him since. Hopefully I never will again." He added with a bit of a laugh.
"Well the nurse told me explicitly not to do that." William said and smiled a little, "And what did we just agree, we'll do exactly what the nurses and doctors want from us and talk like they want us to talk so we get out of here sooner." he said and sort of felt strangely responsible for him.
"I guess.. any chance you can give me a ride tho?" Ron asked and shrugged, "Mum and dad are both at work, so it might be a bit of a challenge to get there and anyway they usually want to talk to an adult."
"Yeah, I remember, you looked at all green when you came back into the cab." John said and shook his head with a snort. "How did that go by the way? When you met Emma and David, I mean."
"Hm, me too, I think." Sherlock said and glanced at Harry, not really wanting to blurt her history there out in front of Janine, but Harry gave him a little smile and a nod, quietly telling him she was okay. "Same!" Harry said and looked at Janine, "Man I can't get over your age." she said and laughed, "Did you know Caesar?"
"I doubt it, but he's still quite nervous we'd get in a fight or something." Sherlock said and chuckled a little as he followed David out the room and down the stairs, "I suppose starting a huge family feud isn't an optimal scenario either."
"Not that much of a difference." Sherlock murmured under his breath as he looked at John, leaning over to peck his cheek, which made Rosie giggle, before she continued to decorate the tree.
Blushing once again (he really needed to get a grip on that one),  Ron gave her a smile, standing up himself, "By the way.. just for future reference, there is in fact a gate." he said and chuckled a little, pointing at the gate that led back to the street. "Just make sure to never leave it open because of Juan.. I mean.. he'd probably only get as far as the side walk before we notice he's gone, but still." he chuckled.
"No, we're the only ones." Sherlock said and chuckled again, "Strangely no one replied to our ad in the papers looking for vampire tenants." he joked, "No but seriously, I think it's better that way, with mortals in the house it would be just too much hiding and watching what you say."
"Sure, please do that." Amber smiled again. "Have fun you all. Bye!" She said and went back inside their warm home. "/And/ the /tigers/! They are stripey, you know." Amy informed Sherlock dutifully, reaching up to tug at his pointy finger to get the proper attention this information deserved.
"Rosie's staying with Mrs. Hudson, our landlady; She's basically their second grandmother. It's nothing bad, we just wanted to talk to you and dad about a few things that we can't tell her yet." John told her with a smile. "Could we maybe come inside for that?"
"How lovely it is you've decided to pull through with that after taking in children." Rachel said with a tight smile, before turning on her heel to leave. Mycroft watched them with mild interest, looking unimpressed.
John and Charlie got out after him and while John was talking to the cabbie, she went back to Sherlock and looked up to him. After thinking about being kidnapped by a cabbie earlier on, she'd thought of something. "Hey, Sherlock. Guess what's the best getaway car in London?"
"Hm, the more I learn about the past the more I appreciate the here and now." Charlie commented, with a frown. "Though, it must've been cool as well to be able to dress up more often, I guess."
"Course, love." John said and rose to his feet, before grabbing the pyjama bottoms. "Let's get you into these first though, alright? Does being a vampire affect the dosage of medication? "
Sherlock was feeling a little nauseous as he walked out of the flat, he had drunken a solid 3/4 litre of blood in just ten minutes. That didn't exactly feel good right now, but it would make him feel better later on. Feeling like he had swalloed a balloon filled with water, he walked out of the house and looked around for John and Harry.
"Right, just when we were on the phone I was about to give him Richard's number, when he interrupted me, so that's why I said that." John explained. "Though, I can see he likely won't want me to know about it either way."
Sherlock laughed at that as he started the engine after buckling up, "Yeah, well one of us has to be good with clothes and hair, we've got two daughters after all."
Charlie was more than excited when, for the first time ever, she was allowed to go out on the streets on her own. Now that she had an actual camera, she wanted to try it out after all and she'd promised to stay on Baker Street. And while she was a bit nervous, it was the middle of the day she could still make out 221; paps could probably hear her if she started yelling. Hm... Now she only needed a good angle to get started on her (baker) street photography series... Oh, that fence over didn't look too bad. And the people were too busy to mind her anyway. With that, she made sure her camera bag was definitely closed, before finding the right spot and beginning to climb up.
John smiled and put his arm on Charlie's shoulder, who quickly leaned into his side with a small smile; she could feel he was at least mostly back to normal now. "Yes, both of them remind me of you and Mycroft in that regard." Mrs. Hudson said with a chuckle. "But I think I'll go downstairs now. I've still got a pie to bake for the church sale this afternoon." She said with a smile, before receiving a small hug from Charlie. "Thanks for taking us out today, it was really nice." "Oh anytime, sweetheart, anytime."
"Ah, interesting.." Mycroft said, and wondered if they'd already met somewhere down the line. To make it not blatantly obvious he found Sherlock's colleague interesting, he added. "Is that the normal age for the teaching staff? Or what is the general demographic like?"
"Sure, you're migraine's are acting up a bit, yeah?" He asked with a bit of a smile, in case his parents could already them. The excuse had worked well enough the first time and was only plausible if Sherlock migraines were chronic anyway. Once they were back in the living room, he went to his mum. "Mum, I think we're also going back soon. Sherlock's headache's not getting better, so it's probably best if he lie down.
Charlie smiled a bit at that and looked back at Rosie. "You'll have to tell me what happened, alright?" Charlie asked her with a chuckle.
Sherlock grinned, "And you'll have me for the rest of your life.. " he said and cleared his throat, "Either way." he said, referencing to the still pending decision he had to make.
"To care about a dog.." Sherlock grumbled, not too happy about admitting it to John. "At least for now. But that conversation isn't over yet." he said and smirked a little at John.
Charlie had to chuckle a bit as she shook his hand, the other one seemed quite cute. "Charlie. Nice to meet you, Ron." She said and put her other hand on his shoulder to support herself as she jumped into his backyard (If paps had been watching her, she'd probably get a text in a few minutes. Hm, it'd be interesting to see how he handled her first outing)."You don't mind, do you?"
"That's up to you. You figure that out for yourself. I'll be ready when you are." Sherlock said, really not wanting to push him here. "Should we tell the girls though?" he asked, wondering if that'd be a good idea. "I mean.. we can also just surprise them to be honest, I kind of would like to see Charlie's face when you casually poor yourself a glass of 'tomato juice'." he said with a laugh.
"Why can't it be both?" Charlie chuckled. "By the way, would suggesting to watch a film to celebrate this be pushing my luck?" She asked with a chuckle and John kissed her head in response. "It would. Now, do you think you can manage the stairs on your own with that knee?" With a bit of a smirk, Charlie considered asking John to carry her up the stairs for a moment now that she was on his lap anyway. "Mmh.. I mean it still hurts a little. Could you maybe..." She said with puppy dog eyes (she'd become good at those). "Course I can." He said with a smile, before standing up holding her bridal style. "If photography doesn't work out you could always become an actress." He teased her with a chuckle.
"Well I have always manages to become a high up in the government in whatever country we currently live' brother." Sherlock said and chuckled, "That's useful too." he said with a laugh.
"Hm.. yeah.." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, still flying on the high of the happiness today's revelations had brought on. "And.. well, I suppose you don't have to look up psychology courses anymore, since we already have one. A vampire one at that. "You're okay with me making that room into a room for Amy and Ally, right?"
Smiling Ron nodded, "Alright. Just didn't want to give the wrong impression." he said as they walked out of the house.
"Ah, I see." Violet smiled, getting out the two bottles of blood, giving Amy as well as Rosie one. "So, there you go. Are you thirsty too Ally?" She asked her youngest after having the vampire girls settled.
"I mean.. he'd probably survive either, but still.." Sherlock said and smiled at John, "At least his son dating a man probably doesn't seem like that big of a deal anymore."
John's head snapped back up from his chest. "What, yes, not asleep." He mumbled, blinking his eyes open. "Long day at work?" Charlie asked empathetically. "Yeah, just a bit. Purple and blue still sound good though."
"Yeah he nearly broke up with me about 10 minutes after we got together... that must be some sort of record." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes, "Thanks to Mycroft by the way. We went to a military exhibition and Mycroft managed to get Victor's and my portrait into it.." he said and shook his head, still mad at his brother for that. "But well.. in the end I'm glad I told him.. that really made some things easier.. and it would have felt awful to keep that big of a secret from him." he said and sighed, "Wait, Mycroft basically encouraged you to tell him? I still remember how he gave you hell for turning me.. he didn't seem particularly fond of these things." Richard said and frowned at Sherlock, "Well he didn't so much encourage me as he was trying to remind me of how I felt after Victor."
"Course, love." John replied and began to scratch Sherlock's head the way he knew he liked it. He then reached into his pocket and got out his phone. "I'll just call her then, alright?"
"She wasn't here." Charlie said, her voice sounding pressed. Rosie's piggy bank was gone too.. she must've thought that that's what the burglar wanted to steal and clung to it. Oh no. "What do we do?" // John had caught the mobile and followed behind a few seconds later, only throwing on his pyjama trousers. Running upstairs he went straight into Rosie's room; his blood froze when he didn't see his younger daughter. "Where-" "I don't know!" Charlie all but cried.
Sherlock chuckled a little, "Nice try." he said and grinned at her, "Don't worry, it's fine. It's the weekend after all." he said and sighed, "Though perhaps try not to stay up all through the night next time."
A few seconds later you could hear excited little footsteps running towards the door. Together with her sister Amy went to the living room window to check if this was finally Lock to take them to the zoo! Amber meanwhile came downstairs too to make sure her baby sisters weren't trying to open the door again. Luckily they weren't, she thought and did it herself, figuring this were John and his boyfriend/ apparently also her stepbrother. "Hey, there. Mum's still in the garden." She told them, since she knew they wanted to go to the zoo together. "Hi Johnny" She smirked and stepped forward to get a hug from her big cousin, which he gladly gave her. "Hey Amber. How are things?"
"My birthday's July 27th and Rosie was born on the first of March." Charlie replied quickly. "See, now you do know. Hey, you've got the same birthday as Joan of Arc and isn't that Armed Forces Day in Iraq too?" She asked, remembering to have read something like that.
Charlie watched Sherlock leave the room and turned back to Rosie. "Okay, let's sit up then, so we can get started. How about we learn the letter 'B' today? It looks a bit like two bees cuddling on a pole." She said with a chuckle, figuring that would get her out of her little blanket ford for good now.
"A whole month? Well, that sure is tough, but it probably fits the crime. Not paying attention when you're driving can be dangerous so it's -" John began to tell her only to be interrupted by Amy. "Yellow car!!"
"Erm.." Sherlock began and god, he hated to have to tell her this, looking at her happy face. "Okay, look, it's a bit different." he said and cleared his throat, "We are going to take you in, yes. And, it's also true what we like you two very much and who knows about the future, but right now, it's mainly because you and Rosie could be in danger. I've looked closer at what's going on here and well, it seems like only the kids with murdered parents get adopted, by kids who've been previously adopted. It looks like a system and I have found clues that suggest the people that have to do with your parents murder will come around soon trying to adopt you, or Rosie.."
Sherlock chuckled against John's lips, wrapping his arms around him, "Well those two things we have in common." he murmured, breaking the kiss and chuckling as he grabbed John's hand and pulled him after himself into the bathroom.
"No I'm fine." William said and shook his head, taking a deep breath, "It'll probably get better after walking a little around in the library." he said and he really needed that now. A good long sip of blood. He had been very careful drinking from Jim before so he could probably drink just a little longer today and god he really needed it too.
"A good a thing they've found each other then." Dorothy smiled, before putting her glasses back on. "You can pick those copies up later today. Greg is the one in charge of the warehouse so you'll have to ask him to visit it."
"Mainly classic, but.. I think that kind of comes with the violin. It's not exactly an electrical guitar." Sherlock said with a chuckle. "By the way, I think I still have some old piano sheet music from my sister and even my mum." he said with a chuckle, glancing at his mother. "They're from regency times, but if you'd like to try them out, I could send you copies."
"Of course, dear." Emma said and stood up, walking over to the cabinet and pulling out a photo album before returning to the table handing it to her husband. "Here you are." she said and smiled at him, obviously glad that he hadn't freaked out about the other thing.
"But Charlie looks like a princess too!" Rosie said and looked at her sister, "But she doesn't walk like one. Is it really so difficult? Because it's just walking on tiptoes isn't it? And that's not difficult, look!" she said and stood on tiptoes walking back and forth.
"Yeah, I think that's generally a good idea. I'd just like to have met him more than twice counting tomorrow before we invite him to our wedding." John said, figuring that was more than reasonable, given that it was still almost half a year until then.
"I.. yes, sorry. It was just the post." Sherlock said and hid the envelope a little as he finally closed the door. He hadn't even known that he had been still standing at the opened door. "I'm sure John will be back soon, though. Don't be too worried, alright?" he asked and sighed, "Maybe this is just a little harder to grasp for him than it is for us, we're.. well.. vampires.. we're probably naturally more open to .. unbelievable things, while he.. isn't. He probably just needs a moment to deal with this." he said and nodded towards the stairs, "Let's go back upstairs, alright? How about we continue our discussion when John is back? Meanwhile you, Rosie and Mrs Hudson can maybe find something fun to do, I still have to prepare a little for school tomorrow." he said, he felt a little bad about that white lie, but he really did want to read that letter with some privacy in his room.
"Right, that's good." Charlie said and chuckled. "What did he say about Rosie's writing by the way? Is she allowed to skip a grade?"
"Mmh, that sounds good." Charlie said with a smile. "I've also brought gummy bears and some other treats." John told her before asking. "Have you drunk any blood yet today?" Charlie thought for a moment before shaking her head. "Oh, I must've forgot." "How about we get you some warm blood and tea then?" He suggested. "Thanks, Dad." She said with a smile, glad he'd come home.
"I'm sorry I hurt you with that. Just, if I decide that I don't want to live forever, then I mean under under all circumstances." John said quietly. "And of course I don't want you to be with me in war. I love you too much to let you get yourself injured or killed just because of me." John brushed his thumb gently over Sherlock's cheek.
"No, which makes it all the more frustrating that practically no one does that." John said with a sigh. "She really is an awesome girl."
"Really? We've just got compound classes, but also a garden. Oh and a computer, well, sometimes. When it's decided to work." She commented with a snort.
"No, that's about it." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Greg is probably wondering where I am too. I didn't think this conversation would stretch out like that." he said and stood up.
"If so, you won't have to see them again, alright?" He said and gave Sherlock's hand a squeeze, glad he didn't get a chance to panic himself. Not long after, you could already hear footsteps approaching the door. When it opened John's mum smiled warmly at her son. She had shoulder-long brown hair and was wearing a green dress with matching shoes and a brown cardigan. "Hello sweetheart" She said, before looking over at Sherlock and looking surprised only for a split second. "Oh, you've brought a friend? Hi dear, I'm Emma." She said, smiling again. "I'm glad you've managed to come."
Sherlock closed his eyes again for a moment, enjoying the head massage before he resumed to washing his shirt, "Jane has a secret." he said after a while, glancing up at John, "Pretty sure it's got something to do with Charlie. The problem with Jane and me really is that neither of us is able to keep something from the other and I saw that I know something I can't and or don't want to tell you and she looked much too often at Charlie with that look." he said and frowned.
John nodded and walked with Sherlock over there. Yeah, I think you're right with that. And you have no idea how fucking relieved I am." John said with a laugh. "But then again how could he not? You're lovely" He said, quoting yesterday's bickering in the car with a warm and genuine smile.
"Oh yeah, she did." Sherlock said and shrugged, "I don't know much, she just sent me a text saying that she thinks David is more likely to consider meeting Richard now.. but that's all I know."
Viktor thanked Charlie and gave Rosie a little wave before they disappeared back inside. Charlie followed them and quickly caught up with them. "So we're having him over for dinner?"
"Trust me, John and I wouldn't stop looking for you even if there was nothing to be done about it." Sherlock said sternly, "If there was nothing to be done about it, we would keep trying to find something to do about it. So .. if you should get taken away, despite all our precautions, don't you ever start believing we've stopped looking for you and moved on, no matter what anyone tells you, unless you know for a fact that everyone in this family is dead, there will be people looking for you."
"I think I actually do, yeah. At least almost." John said after a moment, before folding them together again and looking up. "I didn't think we'd do much on the flight so I thought I might as well use the time to study. Would you rather like to talk instead?"
"Or she uses that talent legally and becomes a private detective." Sherlock said and smiled, "It'd combine all her talents."
"And here we see... Rosie, making her way down the red-ish carpet." Charlie began her immitation of what she thought a runway commentator sounded like to get the others to laugh "She is wearing the latest fashion for kids and a dress that could dispel the darkest thunderclouds. Her bold new look is setting a new trend for 2018: Bees are definitely the new chic next summer. You know It's true haute couture when it doesn't even need shoes. And... please give it up for Rosie, everyone!"
The next morning played out mostly like that night before (except for the fact that they spent hours around in bed, rather than rolling around in bed for hours on the way to it). After picking up the girls from Harry and Clara it was soon time for Viktor and Scout to come over and despite his mourning for their alone time, he was glad to have the girls around again. The evening passed mostly uneventful, apart from a small complication that from this day on shall be remembered as the tomato sauce meatball debacle carried out by Rosie and Scout and which resulted in a broken plate and the need to bathe both of them. Eventually, though, both Rosie and Charlie had gone to bed and Scout was contentedly munching on one of the tooth care treats when Sherlock and John sat together with Viktor in the living room, all of them having a glass of wine.
"Actually, Mr Watson.." Sherlock began and cleared his throat, "Could I maybe talk to you alone for a moment?" he asked, it just felt like something David should have some privacy to deal with first.
"Well I usually don't sleep more than 4 hours anyway, so we could take shifts?" Sherlock said and shrugged, feeling like they should try to keep up the 'we're normal humans' act if Viktor was staying. "I take the first shift, John takes the second one.. you should be able to take the opportunity to have a sound sleep.. I kind of doubt sleeping outside feels safe enough to fall into a proper deep sleep."
"I had no idea you were that cuddly a partner." John smiled brightly at him and took his plate, holding Sherlock's hand with his free one. "Not that I'm complaining though. Not at all."
John rolled his eyes a bit at that. "Yeah, she is and no I wasn't. I just don't think that bad looks are worth the energy it takes to be angry at someone. Or the trouble to get thrown out of a boutique, possibly."
Jim's mouth was gaping and William revealed his big secret. He couldn't believe it! An actual vampire right in front of him! Fascinated by them, Jim reached out to touch William's canines, but- ouch! Before he could even comprehend what had happened, Jim's legs had given in and he was lying on the floor, looking dumbfounded.
"I am slightly, to be honest. But I always am with them, so that isn't something special." John said, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder and letting out a soft sigh. That thing with Richard was going to be quite the revelation. "What about you?"
"Found anything interesting?" Sherlock asked softly, crouching down next to Charlie, making sure not to step on any of the things on the floor.
"Don't you think you've had your fair share of wars?" John asked regarding him carefully. John would definitely not be responsible for Sherlock doing that to himself again in the times of professional military. "It's not like either of us could decide where we'd be stationed anyway." There was absolutely no way John would let Sherlock do this because of him.
Sherlock smiled, "God, I can't believe you're really here.." he said and hummed a chuckle, "I've kept all the portraits you made, you know.. we even kept our house.. I mean.. it's still the way it was when we all lived there, Mycroft and I made sure of that." he said and started to pick up the cushions and blankets.
Sherlock smiled, "Trust me, I don't.." he said and smiled up at John, frowning when his phone vibrated in his pocket, before he pulled it out to check it, "Oh.. that's.. unexpected.." he said and held the phone out for John to see. "Your dad invited us over for tomorrow..." he said and smiled lightly.
Sherlock chuckled at that, pecking John's cheek, before he sat down at the table, nipping at his wine, "Maybe I should call mum tomorrow and ask her if she can talk to David.. what for do we have a vampire therapist if we don't use her for situations like that."
"Well yes, I have. But only for about four months. And it was just my foster father, he's a dick and I genuinely have no idea who in this world would trust this man with foster kids, but the government moves in mysterious ways." William said and rolled his eyes, "And no, he doesn't have anything to do with me being gay, I've been asked that before here so I figured I'd make that clear right away."
"Right, so Sherlock.." Emma began, still smiling as Sherlock sat down, "What would you like to drink? Tea, water, blood, or juice?" she asked sweetly and Sherlock actually wasn't quite sure he'd heard correctly. It wasn't quite unexpected that they called them here because they figured he was a vampire, but addressing it that casually startled Sherlock a little. "Uh.. well, since you're offering.. I wouldn't mind some blood..." he mumbled sheepishly and Emma chuckled, "Oh don't be so shy dear, we know all about vampires. My sister in law and one of my nieces are vampires too, you see." she said and smiled at Sherlock.
"Because the other kids are idiots." Sherlock said with a small smirk, "And I don't mean that as an insult, really. It's just a fact. I know what that's like. Mycroft and I didn't want to play with most other kids either, because they were childish and stupid out of our perspective, looking back though, that was only because they were regular children.”
