“Classy,” Piero said. “What is it like at Langridge’s, please?”
“Yes, God, yes.” Sherlock’s voice was barely an exhale.  His hand slipped down John’s face and he stroked the lips stretched around him.  Saliva gathered and dripped from the corners of John’s mouth.  “You look so amazing like this, doctor.”
Sherlock lifted his head for a moment.  “Would I be correct in my deduction that you are experiencing some anal discomfort from our love-making yesterday?”
“First Aid kit in the bathroom?”
“Now, please.” John hoped to encourage Sherlock inside him.
“Should we get out?” Sharan asked. She looked at someone or something through the rear-view mirror. “It’s just that there’s a man in a long coat on his way. Is he the government dude?”
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied with a look that suggested he thought Jamie might be a bampot.  “Did you ever meet with Mark Tyler?”
“I don’t know, fluffy-kins, what do you think?”  John grinned. “I think it depends what matches your floofy hair.”
“Glad you didn’t turn up any earlier,” John said.   “You might have seen more than you expected.
The little one, who was strapped into a car seat, blew a raspberry and laughed.  “Erwock and addeeee.”
Sherlock sighed.  “But I was alright with the massager last night. It might not be a problem anymore.  Maybe you’ve mended me.”
“Yes, well, I see why that sparkling intellect is put to good use on your tiresome quiz show.” Sherlock hurried Candlar to the door, sweeping the Shih Tzu with him.  “Are you aware that your researchers have used incorrect information questions a total of one hundred and forty-three times in the last year alone?  No?  Of course not. The rodent on your head is more intelligent than you. Good day, Mr Candlar, you tangerine horror.”  And, with that, Sherlock slammed the door behind their guest.
and down, down again.   Feet hit the marble floor of the lobby.
“And Daniels?” Mycroft asked.  “Would that be the MP Stephen Daniels?”
After the twelfth or thirteenth attempt, Sherlock knew he had to say something.
“Really?”
“You think he could be involved in this, don’t you?”  Sherlock tilted his head.
“What does it mean?” Lestrade said. He looked at Sherlock’s exasperated face and shook his head. “Obviously the first bit is the date and the time. What the hell is blackout?”
Rosie was asleep. It was a blessed relief that she didn’t see the frankly nauseating display her father and Uncle Sherlock put on.   Sherlock had an arm around John and their knees faced each other. The body language itself made it clear where their affections lay.  John’s hand ran up and down Sherlock’s thigh and, if Mycroft wasn’t mistaken, the ruffled material in the seat of Sherlock’s crotch concealed a certain amount of arousal.
John blushed. He was not a man that liked attention. He was very happy to be in the background.  Sitting on a settee next to a sex swing while he pretended to be a roadie wasn’t on his list of things to do.
“Who cleaned the sex toys?” Sherlock’s gaze flicked back to Simon.
“Wait,” John said. He cleaned an area of grazed flesh on Sherlock’s right shoulder and then inspected bruising that stretched from side to back, just below Sherlock’s waist. He started to feel Sherlock’s tummy and press the bruised area. “Tell me if any of this is painful.”
John smiled. “I like the feeling of just clenching around something. It’s so good.  Mind you, we used a prostate massager on you last night, didn’t we love?  You came pretty ferociously as I recall.”
“I think we’re good on kissing.” Sherlock took a deep breath.  “What’s next?”
“Well, I do have some topical swelling.” Sherlock pushed his groin forward in the chair and spread his legs.  “In fact, I think you suggested that you might want to examine the area this morning?”
“As you are no doubt aware, I told Sherlock yesterday that I have no intention of seeing Fabian or anyone else again.” John caught Mycroft as he raised one eyebrow.  “I said that my focus is on Rosie and I mean it.  From now on, Rosie is all that matters. I don’t need a lover, I don’t need a wife, I just need my daughter. You know, I sat in that place with Jason’s blood all over me and I realised something, Mycroft. I could have ended my medical career right then and there if I’d been arrested for sleeping with a prostitute. If the press got hold of the story, I could’ve ruined Sherlock’s career because he was associated with me.  I know I have you to thank for that not happening and I’m grateful. So, I’m going to show it by not putting myself in that position again. I have my work, I can help Sherlock with his work and I can bring up my daughter. I don’t need anything else. I’m done.”
“Oui. He tell me to keep quiet and to… how you say?  Aider la police dans leurs enquêtes?
“You run the bath, I’ll call for service,” John replied. He sat up and pulled a face when he did. “Sometimes, gravity is a complete bastard.”
“Come on, Sherlock, deep breath in.”
John nodded.  “Did he hurt you?”
“What?” John asked. Sherlock dropped to his knees and tugged at John’s belt. “No, no,” John said, though he didn’t move away, even when his flies were open. John tangled his hands in Sherlock’s hair and that, at least, stopped him.
“Mr Holmes, how’s about you go have a shower?” Nathan said when they reached the door.
“Don’t say that,” Sherlock said. “I’m not used to romantic attachments, but I will try.”
“Really?”
“I always knew how much you loved him. You loved me too.  I know that. I want you to be happy. I want Rosie to be happy. And Sherlock.”
“The scrape on your thigh is a bit nasty,” John said. “I don’t think you need stitches, but we’ll keep an eye on that too.” John cleaned the cut with lingering hands.
“No, in, in, in.” John’s voice somehow came from a long way away, but his hand was firm when he reached down and tried to hold Sherlock’s hand inside.  “Please.”
The shirt was followed by, well, everything.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said. He stood.  “Now,” he said to Mycroft’s agents.  “I’d appreciate it if you would take this man to see Mycroft. Then you can let him go. I’ll text Mycroft and tell him.” Sherlock shepherded the agent and his prisoner out of the door.   “Thank you.” The agent turned and started to argue with Sherlock. He responded by putting his hand into the centre of the agent’s chest and pushed hard. “Please leave,” he ordered and slammed the door behind them.
“So how much did Simon and Jason’s changing roles in the company cost Langridge’s?” John asked.
“The bottle needs to be checked for prints and, if you find Ibuprofen gel at Daniels’ office or home then it needs to be tested to see if it matches the gel used to kill Cox. You should interview Justin Ellis too.   Questions?”
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any other mistakes that remain are mine, mine, all mine.
Sherlock paused for a moment. “Can you tell us anything else about Mark Tyler?”
Sherlock thinks about John and the bed pit. Oh yes.  He and John visit Langridge's accountant and she gives them a corking lead to visit a place called Doubles...
“No, you don’t. You love me, and you’ll love me even more when you wake up tomorrow not stuck to the sheets.”
“Why don’t we throw it away?” Sherlock asked. “I know it’s not that simple. But it’s a start.”
“I will, of course, look after Rosie for as long as you need,” Sherlock began. “Mrs Hudson will be here and as long as you’re happy to be elsewhere, I think she’ll be relatively…”
“How about I shove my cock inside you now?” John’s body gave slightly and Sherlock edged his hand out little by little as he continued to speak. “How about I fuck you, John, knot you, come in you and make you climax all over again? Do you know what I want, John? What I think you want? What I’ve deduced? On the bedside table, there’s a butt-plug, a dildo, a bowl of mints and my phone. Once you’re full of my come, John, you want me to push in that butt plug to keep my seed inside you. When you’ve got me nice and ready, you want to fuck me. Fucking me with your fingers last night made you aroused. It made me aroused too, John. I loved it. I want you. And when you’ve come inside me too, I’ll be ready to fuck you again. With the dildo over there, you plan to fuck your spunk inside me, while I fuck you and fill you again until you can’t take anymore. Is that what you want, John?”
They took a taxi to a pop-up restaurant called Borage, housed on a roof terrace and enclosed in glass, in Southwark.  John and Sherlock were led to a private table that overlooked the river.   The lights of the city splintered across the tidal water and reflected the darkening skies with its pinhole stars.  Here, Sherlock was connected to his city. It was different to chasing through the streets, but he still felt London’s heartbeat; the rhythms and sounds that were uniquely its own.
“Do you think you could keep your eyes and ears open?  Maybe ask around?”  John was almost fully dressed now.
“John was fond of the victim,” Sherlock murmured.
John popped the transmitter in a corner by a fire extinguisher and he and Sherlock sat on the couch.
“How was that?”
“Fabian never mentioned Daniels once,” John added. “The lying toe-rag.”
“Fetch me bikkits, boy. If I can’t take you to bed, I demand crunchy goodness.” Sherlock adjusted his trousers, yanked his dressing gown together to cover his crotch and sat down at the kitchen table to check his experiments.
Rosie stopped breathing.
Sherlock’s eyes opened wide.
“She’s only a child, John,” Mycroft said. “I have it on good authority that many people manage to have children and relationships with other people. I believe Harris has a child, a wife, a job and several friends.”
“I’m going to go through some things that I know help me,” Nathan said. “Did you guys bring a notepad at all?”
“I’m good thanks.”  Greg took a wide-line around the bed pit.  “What’s the matter with him?” he asked John under his breath.  John shrugged.   “The nutter just reminded me, Sherlock, I got the lab results back on the butt plug.”  Sherlock gave Lestrade his full attention.  “DNA belonged to Gabe Smith, Gabriel. He was with Stephen Daniels at the time of Jason’s death.  There was also Jason’s DNA on it. A lot of Jason’s DNA on it. Oh, and lime scale deposits. That could be from washing, or from any other contact with water.  There was chlorine though, which is odd.”
“You did until you emptied the bills bank account by buying five hundred Petri dishes.” John shook his head. Sherlock began to talk but was swiftly interrupted. “I know, I know, there was an experiment. There’s always a sodding experiment.”
To me, this song fits. It's about the breakdown of a relationship.  I see this as John and Sherlock before the fall, and John dealing with it.  You can replace Mary with Sherlock, to some extent.  And it has a lovely tune.  To paraphrase a Tim Buckley album title, the music alone is Happy Sad.
And yet, in Rosie’s temperament, Sherlock saw elements of himself.  When she focused on something, she truly focused.  She was observant and curious. Whilst Mary and John had those traits, Rosie seemed to have absorbed some of Sherlock’s nature. He knew, scientifically speaking, it was likely his traits were copied by Rosie.  After all, the difference, physically, between male and female bodies accounted for less than one percent of overall physiognomy.  As a student of human nature, Sherlock understood that the impact of hormones could not be overestimated. However, the nurture of children and their observations of the people around them were statistically significant in terms of their overall personality.  What surprised Sherlock was that Rosie was still so young.  Was it possible that she’d already subsumed some of his characteristics?
“It is too predictable if I just get you to lie down while I go at you, so to speak?”
“Turn on the vibrator.” Sherlock’s knot had swelled from just the pressure on his dick and his prostate. “I can’t hold on, John.” The vibrator’s effect was instantaneous; Sherlock’s hips shot forward and involuntarily rammed his cock into John as far as he could.
“Which one’s Fabian?”  John watched Lestrade as he looked around and then stopped, eyes fixed on the Frenchman who looked so much like Sherlock, albeit, brown-eyed and John’s height.  “Him?”  Lestrade motioned to Fabian. John nodded.  Lestrade cleared his throat. “One of Mycroft’s lot will take your statement, I’ll get Sally to speak to Fabian.  I need to find out who saw what. Don’t leave until I say, yeah?”
A smirk crossed John’s face before he ripped off his own y-fronts and sent them sailing over his shoulder. John yanked at Sherlock’s underwear, ripping the silk and exposing his erection. He threw his leg over Sherlock’s body. Slick seeped from him onto Sherlock’s penis, but he didn’t sink down. Instead, he pulled off his t-shirt and chucked it on the floor.
“Oh, you’ll know.”
“Those experiments do help me solve crime.” Sherlock could feel himself deflate. They’d just bonded, and this was neither romantic nor sexy. “Those Petri dishes save lives, John.”
Murphy didn’t undo his robe. He pushed it aside, rolled on a condom, slicked himself, and  lined up the tip of his cock against the stranger’s arse.
“Listen to me,” Mycroft said. “I promise you that I’ll stop the train and send a car to pick you up and take you anywhere you want to go. Or a helicopter. Just let Dr Watson and his daughter go free.”
“Is that how you plan to protect him this evening?”  Sherlock flashed him a smile.
Nathan nodded.  “What do you need to know?  I mean, Mark’s my boyfriend. I know he’s married, but he and I are an item and have been for a long time.  It was me that encouraged him to invest in this place.”
“Mycroft Holmes, if you don’t get Sherlock to a hospital immediately, I will find you and pluck out your public hairs one by one and then ram the itchy little fuckers up your nose.”
Sherlock texted Lestrade to ask to speak to Piero.  Lestrade told him it was the weekend and to fuck off. He also said that Dan Murphy would be back in London on Monday, so Sherlock could wait until then.  Sherlock stomped around the flat, yelled at the TV and generally behaved like a spoiled brat.  What surprised John was that Sherlock only did it for quarter of an hour.  Then, he sat down in front of the TV with Rosie and watched ‘In The Night Garden
to see if you got killed.”
He stood on the edge, but his adrenalin won. Sherlock knew what he was going to do was out of character. But fuck it, he thought. It was that sort of day.
“What about drugs?” Nathan asked. “I know you’re a doctor, but I have to ask. I mean, if Aaron takes anything stimulants, it might make him tense. Plus, of course, some drugs make you poo and others close down those bowels.”
John smiled. He couldn’t help but grin with an intensity that reflected how big his heart had swelled in his chest. “So, trial run?”
John leant over to the private hell that was Sherlock’s bedside table drawer. The Coco de Mer lube was close to the front of the jumble, so John hooked that out anyway.  Then he pulled out the whole drawer and rifled around. In his search, he put aside a vibrating prostate massager and a tube of strawberry lube.  He also found a dildo, three torches, two bullet vibrators and a cock ring. He left them where they were for now.
“You know he’ll only demand things like evidence and search warrants.” Sherlock waved his hands as he climbed through the window.   He dropped to his feet inside a small, tidy kitchen. Sherlock grabbed a large flip-top bin and shoved it into the casement, so John could climb down.
“I like the use of technical terms, there,” John said.
John crossed his arms. “Yes, we do, and what’s more, you will make time because it’s important to the case.”
“Is it likely she might admit women to Langridge’s?”  John asked.
“You’re so fucking wrong.”
“Oh, that’s good.”  John sighed.  Sherlock’s hand was around his cock, bringing it to full hardness with long, lazy strokes.   John wriggled his hand between them to reach Sherlock, but found himself rolled onto his back.  Sherlock kissed him with warm, dry lips. He opened his mouth and sucked John’s tongue.  John heard Sherlock rifle through the bedside table for a moment before the teasing movements over his erection began again.
Sherlock remembered the choking. He looked at John, who’d blushed up rather gorgeously. “Sounds good to me,” he said. “If you still want that.”
"Only if we think so," John replied.  "See, here's the thing, we know each other better than most couples do. And it occurs to me that it's security for Rosie."
“No, I didn’t check the bloody bottle,” Tyler said.  “Members of the sodding government come here.  Is it lube?”
“I have someone who can help you.” Sherlock smiled.  “You’ll like him. Just don’t leave him unattended.”
“Okay,” John said. “That’s not much of a surprise. I’m glad you told me, but I didn’t expect you to suddenly change into a different person because I want to know what you’d like our relationship to be like. I thought that you might want to go to bed with me. If you want to.”
“Are you saying my hair looks like this normally?”
“Hey, love.  You’ve had a bad dream and you’ve just woken up. You’re in Baker Street and everything is okay.”
Lestrade walked over and put his hand on John’s shoulder.  “I’m going to need your clothes and a statement from you.  Did you see what happened?”
Sherlock’s cock throbbed.  He slowly inserted a second finger inside John.
“Been a long three days.” John looked up. “I reckon you’ve seen me at my best and worst and everything in between.”
Sherlock slicked his arse with perfunctory swipes and stood braced against the wall, one hand either side of his bedroom mirror. “John,” he said.
“Have you had a wee since you got hit here?”
“H-e-l-l-o—D-r—W-a-t-s-o-n,” appeared on the console of the machine. There was a whirring sound and the dildo rose up through the seat and wiggled to a stop. “P-l-e-a-s-e—c-l-i-m-b—a-b-o-a-r-d.”
“Yes.”  Sherlock steadied John’s hips. The first few strokes were slow. John lifted completely and added more lube. Then he eased down again.
John considered.  Sally explained that the radios were easily hidden, even for people would be semi naked. Since the blackout room was pitch black, receivers and so forth would be to hide.  Plan in place, they headed back to Lestrade.
Sherlock sat back, fingers steepled beneath his chin.  The low light made his cheekbones more pronounced.  John was captivated.
Mycroft had flatly refused to turnover either Tyler’s phone or his safe deposit box key. However, he’d granted Sherlock and John a half-hour interview with the man himself a day after they’d interviewed Drake.  There was, Sherlock realised, no time to waste on niceties.
“I don’t know,” Fabian shrugged. “Jean is very vocal, you know?  I didn’t hear anything until Simon screamed.  Jean had just come. Would you like to see the condom?”
At this precise moment, John Watson worried that it wasn’t the mechanics of sex with a man he should have practised.  One word stopped his heart and made him want to cry.
“Do you think that would happen now?”
“I think Rosie would like to stay with daddy for as long as possible,” Sherlock said.
Fabian moaned.  “I can’t see my favourite doctor anymore.”
“It was a bad time and I really am very sorry.” Sherlock’s hand crept down to slyly caress his cock, but John noticed and growled.
“Good,” Sherlock said.  “Good.  That’s good, John.  Anymore questions?”
Over and over Sherlock’s mind replayed the vision of John stood before him, a suicide vest around him; John, telling Sherlock to shoot; John with those little red laser pinpoints skittering over his body. Sherlock’s heart thumped in his chest and his brain tiptoed on the verge between fear and the consuming problem of James Moriarty.
In this chapter, John makes a declaration, suspects are interviewed and Sherlock has a think...
Sherlock’s right hand and John’s left were stretched across their bodies.   Their fingers were entangled until, with no apparent reason, Sherlock’s hand moved to John’s cheek and they kissed with utterly sickening wet noises. Then John’s hand strayed to the front of Sherlock’s shirt. Mycroft heard his brother’s breath hitch and saw him tilt his head to rest on John’s.   Was that a nipple flick?  Mycroft angled his hip to face the side of the helicopter more. Annoyingly, he still saw them reflected in the window.
“Just want to fuck you, John,” Sherlock replied. He angled his finger inside and pressed forward.  John’s body slammed forward and back, clenched around Sherlock’s finger.
“Can you come like this?” Sherlock asked.  He could feel tension gather in his belly, in his groin, as the pleasure circled tighter and tighter.   Gentle thrusts became harder, more ragged, faster and faster.
“I’ll have my officers take the evidence including the information from Sherlock and John,” Mycroft turned his gaze to his brother.  “I would like it very much if you’d please confirm that you haven’t just had sex on camera.”
“Just married,” Sherlock said, unabashed. He reached over and took John’s hand.  “We’ve  been together four years now. Seems like yesterday.”  Sherlock kissed his cheek. John blushed.
“So, how much do the prostitutes earn?”  Sherlock asked.
“I’m not a homophobe, Harry. I know it’s okay to be gay.”
“Now, this is a special hands-on session,” Piero said as he removed his trousers.
’s in my day, called herself the dyke with a pipe.  Anyway, she wanted a kid, Charles offered and Elizabeth was born.  Elizabeth takes after her mother, I can tell you.  She’s a fan of the fairer sex.”
After many, many tears, John had eventually relented. He’d known she hadn’t meant to hurt him. He had always loved her. However, their relationship suffered as they’d both retreated, lost behind shame, pain and suffering. After Rosie had been born, they rallied for a while. But Eurus couldn’t have damaged them if the fractures hadn’t existed long before.
“No. I think I might have been more interested if she had.”
Mycroft coughed and shot them a dirty look. Neither of them noticed.  Mycroft rubbed his face with his hand.
Prior to John and Rosie moving in, Sherlock had had his final encounter with the stranger from Grindr. Unlike his previous hook-ups, he’d invited Ian Lincoln to Baker Street. Why this one? Well, Mr Lincoln had blond hair, was shorter than Sherlock, and had formerly been a soldier.
“Sodium oxybate is used as a medication in some countries,” Sherlock said. His inspired, shrewd look made John want to rip off all his clothes.  “Would it be possible to isolate whether the concentration in these drugs were manufactured for medicinal use and where?”
“Fucking hell.”   John’s mouth dropped open, just for a second or two.  “You’re a bad man.”
make a fuss. Okay?”
“Have you known Roger long?”
John lifted his head and dragged Sherlock down into a kiss.  “I recognise his voice,” John said.  “From the pit, when we caught Fabian out.  He was there.”
“Oh yeah, oh yes, yes, yes.” John clutched at the sheets and his eyes rolled back in his head. John’s body seemed to vibrate with what Sherlock assumed was pressure against his prostate. “Don’t you dare fucking move, don’t you dare fucking stop and don’t you dare fucking slow down.” John’s hand, still wrapped around his own penis, was a blur. A crisis was coming. A good one.
“Making my way to the driver’s cab. Someone pulled the brake.”
John didn’t look up. He could hear Mycroft’s smirk.  “We can unless Gregory needs Sherlock to consult, of course.”
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any other mistakes that remain are mine, mine, all mine.
“Do you think we can trust Nathan?”
John closed his eyes. Everyone clearly expected him to be gagging for sex. However, John was more concerned by Sherlock’s absence. As soon as they’d separated, John started to feel panicky, lost and alone. His need for Sherlock’s return was absolutely palpable, and, at least for the present, that was all that concerned him.  John walked to the bed and started to rearrange pillows and sheets into a nest before he caught himself.
“I think we could certainly look at expanding our range,” John looked at Sherlock with an encouraging smile.
“Sure,” Lestrade replied.  He led them up the ornate staircase and into the blackout area.
“Epipen.”
“Reinforced cabin, including the glass. Terrorism.  I mean, I don’t think it would survive forever but we’re probably alright for a bit.” Sharan rattled her car keys at Rosie who made a grab for them.
“My turn.” John clenched his muscles around Sherlock’s cock, then relaxed, then tensed again. “I want to see how fast I can make you come.” He lifted himself with a slow glide and then dropped fast before lifting slowly again, his arse tight around Sherlock. “What do you like, Sherlock? Do you like filthy?” John pushed his fingers between Sherlock’s lips. “Do you like fast?” John rode Sherlock hard and fast for another five or six strokes. “What do you like?”
“Leave Daniels to me,” Mycroft replied. “I’ll convince him to return to the UK.  I’ll also suggest to Lestrade that Murphy returns to London immediately for questioning.  Let me know if you uncover any further suspects, will you?”
They stood in the corridor for a while. John looked at Sherlock. He smiled and, without speaking, he strode down the corridor and headed for the exit.
“Blood.”
“Nothing that might hurt any of your bruises,” John replied. “I mean, my original thought was to give you a decent blowjob. I can give blowjobs quite well, I promise.”
“Rosie’s far better than silly Sherlock, isn’t she?”  Molly said to the child in her arms. Rosie grabbed Molly’s nose and pulled. “On second thoughts…”
“My lack of sexual experience doesn’t bestow ownership of my penis to you,” Sherlock said.  “It is still my body to do what I want to with and, right now, I’d like to use it to help to stop a very bad man from doing many bad things.”
“I love kissing you,” John said.  “You’re too good for a beginner.”
The doors closed. They were alone. John pressed Sherlock back against the wall, jabbed the down button and gave his new boyfriend the sort of kiss that made it very clear that John Watson was very alive, indeed.
John was at compression number 24.
John, on a tide of pain relief, concentrated hard on not being sick again.
John Watson was thoroughly bored of Fabian Bouchard.  He wondered what he’d ever seen in him.  Bouchard was short, irritating and incredibly clingy. His pupils were huge.  John assumed it was due to the amount of sex he had.  Fabian didn’t wear enough clothes either. He was standing with a short dressing gown on and was clearly naked beneath.
Lestrade ushered another man into the room.  Sherlock considered pouting until he saw Bouchard.  His jaw dropped before he recovered.  Bouchard was approximately five-foot-eight and aged in the region of twenty-eight years.  He was well-dressed and had a pallor befitting one whose hours were nocturnal.  None of this was relevant.  It was the angularity of Bouchard’s face and the fullness of his lips: they could be described as Sherlock-like.  His hair could be described as Sherlock-like.  All but his eyes.  Bouchard had brown eyes.
“Go read it then!” Lestrade said. “I’ll text you the link if you want. Read it and tell me whether you want me to get a few patrols out looking for John. You know him best.”
“It’s not your fault.”  John poured hot water into cups.  It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault and he wouldn’t blame him, not now, not since he’d blamed him for Mary’s death.  All the same, he wanted to yell. He looked at Sherlock, who’d adopted the same clenched-jaw patient expression he’d worn since the start of this case. John thumped the kitchen counter.  “Arse.  You’re as angry as I am and you’re allowed to show it.”
Sherlock knew he was a difficult man to get on with.  If he had the self-awareness to recognise that he was an arrogant, irritating arsehole, it was only because John had taught him a level of cognisance that was hitherto beyond him. Therefore, Sherlock should be on his best behaviour to give himself the option of a potential relationship with John. That wasn’t a hard decision; John made him want to be the very best version of Sherlock Holmes he could be.
Sherlock looked up. His gaze met John’s for a moment before John closed his eyes. Sherlock wondered if John would pretend the person sucking his dick was a woman. Sherlock slicked his fingers and reached behind him.
“Completely incidentally, I was in a fight.”
Charles nodded.  “You’re welcome here whenever and wherever, Mr Holmes.  The fact that you’re on this case is the only reason I still have customers. I know that.”
“Where are you going?” John asked.
“Go ahead.” Sherlock waved his hand floridly before his face.
When John walked into the rather dimly lit room, Sherlock was sat in the middle of a large bed with a tray of food in front of him. He had a bottle of Ribena
“You know as well as I do, John, everyone loved Jase. He were the other lads’ kid brother. Charles treated him like a son.  The clients liked him. No one could stay angry wi’ ‘im. I used to make ‘im deal with the blokes whose cards got declined ‘cause I knew they wouldn’t be arseholes to Jase.”
“’Course you do.” John smiled and stroked Sherlock’s cheek. “I would’ve lasted longer if you hadn’t begged me to come all over you.  That sounds a bit wrong. It was bloody sexy though.”
“Hardly, brother dear,” Mycroft replied.  His phone rang and he answered.  Sherlock pulled a face at Rosie, who regarded him with solemn contemplation.  Shortly after Mycroft ended his call, they arrived at Grosvenor House and they swept through the sumptuous beige and red lobby, into the lift and up to a private suite.
. He estimated his heat would start in three weeks’ time. John did not intend to spend them, or his heat, alone.
On several previous occasions, Sherlock had considered the pros and cons of the immediate initiation of a sexual relationship with John Watson.  He loved John and that love went beyond mere friendship.  Indeed, even Mycroft had noticed and commented on it before now.   However, something always stopped Sherlock from pursuing a sexual dynamic to their relationship.  Each time, Sherlock decided that the potential benefits of such an arrangement were outweighed by not only undesirable outcomes, but also the lack of data on John’s willingness to participate. After all, it was all very well for Sherlock to decide, but it was also clearly necessary for one’s potential partner to equally desire the engagement of sexual activity.
“I refuse.  You might do something stupid. You’re emotionally compromised.”
“Sherlock, Sherlock!”
John pushed back his hair with his fingers. “Thanks for noticing.”
“Besides, what’s the point if you’re not with me?” Sherlock asked. “Speaking of which, I’m surprised your heat hasn’t driven you mad already.” John didn’t speak, he just took Sherlock’s hand and led it to his groin. His cock was hard beneath the warm water. “Ah. We’ll get on with eating, shall we?”
“Mr Watson?” asked a tall, dark-haired woman. Another Beta. She placed herself between John and Sherlock and, without thinking, John snarled. “Relax.” The woman took a step back, then another. It was enough to let John stand at Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock’s body reacted. This was something only he and John shared. It was a primal feeling and one that he should have rationalised away. With his cock buried inside John, he really didn’t give a toss.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “Mrs Hudson’s sexier than this.”
“What?” John asked.
Sherlock was surrounded by the smells, sounds and sensations of sex.
Sherlock smiled. “You have an odd definition of love.”
“Wait a minute.” John rolled them back onto their sides. “Lube. Have you got any lube?”
“Stop it. We’ll never get off the floor at this rate.”
Sherlock spread his fingers and, with his free hand, reached for a slim dildo that had been rolling around on the bed. When Sherlock eased the toy inside of John, it was slicked with lube. For a moment, John held his breath but then Sherlock kissed across his chest and tongued one of his nipples, and John gave his body up to just feeling.
“Thanks for breakfast, Sherlock,” John said once he’d shovelled the last, delicious forkful into his mouth.  “That was, well, nice.  You know, you don’t have to get Rosie up in the morning.”
“Yes, they do.”
“Sherlock!”   John flexed his hands and then curled them into tight fists.  “I don’t want to think about it.  I just want to know why my wife knew this man and kept it quiet from me.  I don’t think that’s too unreasonable a question.”
“Oh, the aerobic activator round?”
Sherlock wanted to pop his eyes out with a biro. John, posing pouch or no, was his.  He swiftly decided that was the only reason he was breathing so rapidly.
John carded his hands into Sherlock’s hair and tilted his head back. He brought their lips together and moaned into the kiss when Sherlock’s finger brushed against his prostate. When Sherlock pushed another finger inside, they both cried out. John pulled back. Sherlock’s expression was as unguarded as he’d ever seen, and he seemed as overwhelmed by his actions as John was.
Sherlock grumbled then thought about what John had said. Prep the bedroom meant John’s omega side wanted to make them a space, a love nest so to speak. Sherlock shouldn’t get in his way. He pulled himself to his feet. “I’ll do the kitchen. You sort out my room.”
“When did you have the cameras fitted?”  John asked.
John rubbed his eyes.  He’d been looking through the memory sticks they’d retrieved from Mark Tyler and Lesley Shaw’s home.  Most of them were dull. One contained a series of recipe e-books, another included hat patterns.   John printed off all the financial records he found to compare with those from Sherlock’s original money laundering investigation.  One stick contained at a series of reports Tyler had, apparently, submitted to Europol.  He printed them too, though they were actually rather dull.
“What do I do, then?”  John asked.
“I’ll be very disappointed if this turns out to be gardening or something,” Sherlock replied.   He opened his mouth to speak again, but John reached between them and grabbed Sherlock’s cock. He tipped John over onto his back and sat astride his hips.
“Let’s go.”
After dinner and her bath, John took Rosie up to bed. When he returned to the living room, Sherlock was waiting for him, reclined in his chair. Naked.
“What?” Mycroft said on the other end of the phone.
“But you didn’t ask me for sex,” Sherlock clarified. “You’re John. You don’t ask me for sex.”
“Do you know what I smell when I think of you, John?” Sherlock’s finger slipped inside John’s arse and something in John exhaled because this was one step closer to release. “I smell gunpowder and something medicinal, like antiseptic, and petrichor. And none of those things should be arousing, and yet, you are.”
John grinned.  “Sounds like love to me.”  He turned in Sherlock’s arms, shivering a little. The water had become too cool to lie in.  “You know that I feel the same. The reason I took over was because I wanted to protect you, to take care of you.  That’s who we are, you and me. We look after each other, we love each other, and we bring up Rosie.”
And, God, even though it hadn’t pleased him, John’s heat-ridden body had taken it. John’s consciousness had retreated behind his animal urges until, and only until, he felt the hard shove against his arse and he’d known it was the huge, red dildo.
John whimpered in an embarrassingly desperate manner.  “Yes, Rosie,” he replied.
“I need a shower.”
There was something in Piero’s expression that made Sherlock pause. “Even from the Marquês,” he added.
“Oh, I couldn’t possibly say.  It would be very bad for the state of my health.”
“John?” Sherlock called through the door.
“I can’t.”
John pushed inside enough to find the Sherlock’s prostate and massaged the edge so as not to overstimulate it.   He wiggled his finger around to stretch out the opening too.   When he thought Sherlock was open enough, John asked, “more?”
“We met in Paris. I loved him. I wanted us to give up this work and be together.  We came to London for a fresh start.  It did not last for long.”
“So, Detective Inspector Lestrade said that you were worried there would be another assault?”  Charles said.
“I really need to teach you about romance,” John said as he clambered to his knees. “There were much sexier ways of saying that.”
John’s voice filtered through the flat. “Sherlock?  Sherlock?” Footsteps headed from the sitting room into the kitchen. “Don’t say you’re out.” The kettle clicked on.
.  We all thought it was a copycat killing after that bloke in Dagenham.
“Of course, you great twat.  You’re not leaving me here.”
Sherlock stretched.  It was nine fifty-seven in the morning.  He’d only climbed into bed a few hours prior, but his brain whirred at full speed.  He heard John pottering around the kitchen and Rosie throwing something around in the living room.  Sherlock smiled.  He’d never have thought that domesticity suited him.
Overnight, the nurses checked on Rosie at least once an hour and her monitors all had ear-splitting alarms should anything happen. Sherlock discovered this when he decided to play with the machine. John and Sherlock finally bedded down on a mattress by Rosie’s bed and tried to sleep despite the concern, the interruptions, and the noise of a busy children’s ward.
Sherlock grinned and dropped his pants.  He stood, naked and still for a moment. John took a shaky breath and exhaled. Sherlock followed the path of his gaze as it skimmed over pale skin, down his flushed chest to his engorged cock.
John nodded, pulled notebook and a pen out of his pocket and got ready to write.
Sherlock shook his head and blinked himself back to some form of composure. “Sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“Fine.” Sherlock flipped up his collar.  “I’ll expect the lists first thing tomorrow, if I may.  Mr Langridge, I have an appointment to see your billing clerk tomorrow. Will she be able to give me a list of the relevant clients then?”
“I’ve not had sex for a whole year, John.” Sherlock threw up his hands in emphasis. “I can eschew sex if I need to. When I was with Bertie, things were, well different. I only wanted him for sex. I want you for much more than that.”
Made up company!  Though I took the name Basie from Count Basie, a Jazz musician whose real name was William and used another name for shits and giggles, just like a certain Mr Holmes.  Jazz has nothing to do with this fic.
Sherlock nodded and, in a slow slide, pulled out of John and then back in. “Right position?”
“You’re still marrying her?”
“That okay with you, John?”  Nathan asked.
“Not even one,” John admitted. “I think that was my moment of genius. Sorry.”
Sherlock aided John’s move onto this belly and then opened his arse-cheeks. John’s entrance was slightly slack and wet with come and slick. If he wasn’t so aroused, Sherlock would have been tempted to push his tongue inside John and taste their combined essence. Instead, he wiped a stray dribble onto the butt plug and slid it home.
“Not really,” John answered. “It’s not every day that you have sex twice while you’re knotted together. If nothing else, I know that the scientist in you wants to see as well as the Alpha does.”
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice a fragile, desperate thing. “Fast. Hard.”
.”  John’s thighs trembled and his hips lifted off the bed. “Oh God, oh God, oh Jesus fucking mother of God.”
Sherlock was fighting with the duvet with such intensity that John didn’t dare laugh.  It wasn’t the first time John had seen or heard Sherlock’s nightmares since he’d returned from the period when he destroyed Moriarty’s network little by little.   John knew they were both prone to nightmares during difficult cases.
In the distance, the main room door opened.  Charles Langridge’s voice floated in the air.
Nathan nodded slowly.  “Okay.  So, have you evacuated your bowels today?”
John giggled.  “I’ve done no such thing.  You didn’t need any encouragement at all.  I’ve started to get all leaky.”
“Do we have to do anything?”  Mycroft asked.  “You’re happy, Sherlock’s happy and Rosie is happy. Why are we interfering with it?”
“Like me. Wearing knickers.”
The following day and throughout Wednesday, Sherlock and John were both quiet.  The tension, both of Tyler’s revelations and the sting operation at Langridge’s, hung between them.   On Wednesday evening, Sherlock stayed awake when John went to bed. He was vaguely aware when Sherlock joined him at some point during the night.  Whereas Sherlock’s presence normally calmed John, he couldn’t relax.  He remained at a low level of consciousness until three a.m. when movement fully woke him.
Intrigued, Sherlock followed.
John sipped of his drink. It was vile. He leant his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and whispered to him. “This is going to be the slowest pole-dance in the history of mankind, isn’t it?”  No sooner had the words left his mouth than the man onstage climbed onto his pole.  “Told you.”
Rosie was tired and clearly rather stressed. Sherlock took her to the cafeteria and fed her Victoria Sponge and a drink that was suspiciously too orange.  He ate dry Bakewell Tart and drank ghastly tea.
“Have you ever picked up any animosity between the two clubs?”  Sherlock sipped his tea.  Candlar remembered his own cup and rattled it in its saucer.
“Would you consider a matter of seduction?” Sherlock smoothed the lapels of Fabian’s flimsy dressing gown.  “The gentleman who had sex with Brandon when he died is returning to Langridge’s tonight. Charles has offered to pay for his entertainment this evening with one of the best men here.  We thought of you. If you’re not up to it, of course, then we can find someone else.”
“John? What’s going on? Mycroft’s line to Daniels just went dead.”
In terms of Omega heat, John had relied on his chemical safety blanket to hide him from its rigours. In fact, John’s first heat had taken place after he was sent home injured, and his rehab centre allocated him a therapeutic Alpha: a man who’d looked politely bored but had a nice, hard, thick cock.
“You do.”
“Sure.” Nathan wrestled the dildo out of its harness.  “Can I help you guys with anything else?”
“In the flesh, sweetheart.”
Sherlock nodded. John did not smile.  He was too nervous.  In the relatively short time in which he’d known Mary, he didn’t know what he could trust. The man before him could be anything, from a relative to a husband. John didn’t much fancy being arrested for bigamy.
Already, Sherlock could push in as far as his third knuckles. He slid his hand free and rubbed John’s slick over the entirety of his hand before he eased it back in. When Sherlock was engulfed to the furthest point, he twisted his hand, slipping it around the rim and, with just a little pressure, John’s body gave. Sherlock was in as far as the base of his thumb.
“Irubbedmysemenallovertheflat.” Sherlock pressed his hot face against John’s back.
“Death threats as well,” Lestrade noted.  “Dig yourself in deeper, why don’t you?”
“Here?” Sherlock asked. “He was having sex in front of anyone sitting on these sofas?”
“I’ll just ignore that, shall I?”
John swallowed as best he could. He let Sherlock’s cock drop from his lips and milked the last spurts of ejaculate with his hand. He licked up the remnants until, quite suddenly, he found himself pushed backward.  Sherlock kissed him with a fervour that took John’s breath away.
“Lube?” John asked.  Sherlock scrabbled for the bottle and pressed it into his hand.  John drizzled the cool liquid on their cocks and wrapped his hand around them, stroking them together several times.  The sensation of their softest, most intimate skin against each other was wonderful.  Sherlock curled at the waist and pulled John into a breathless kiss. When their lips parted, John whispered, “Relax.” He pushed Sherlock back down on the bed and rubbed his balls, perineum and then his backside against Sherlock’s cock.
Mycroft glared at the woman through his eyebrows; Sherlock noticed and realised that his brother didn’t like her.   He looked back at the woman.  The suit really did look awful on her.  Sherlock wished he’d attended this meeting naked, he felt sure her response would have amused him.
“Can I make a suggestion?”
“I’m just glad you showed me,” Lestrade said. “If I’d have seen a hint of that in the night-vis cameras I’d have died.”
“Nice to meet you both,” Nathan said when they were seated in his room. “As you know from Piero, I don’t work with couples, but I’m going to go ahead and make an exception to help him out.”
“Let me help,” John said and lubed up his own hand too. Then he entwined his fingers with Sherlock’s to create a snug channel for both of their cocks to pass through. Sherlock could thrust into the channel, against John’s cock and it felt filthy and fabulous.
“You’re such a fucking diva, Sherlock Holmes.” John slid his hands down Sherlock’s chest, over his nipples and down to his waist.    “How about a little prostate massage?” John felt Sherlock tense as much as saw it in his face.  “What?”
“It makes how we feel about each other concrete. Physical. That’s all.” John moved until his lips were just centimetres from Sherlock’s. “Isn’t it worth a try?” John heard Sherlock swallow, heard his respiration rate increase, saw the pale skin of Sherlock’s neck flush as his arousal grew.
“I’ve had enough of this,” Harry said. “We’re going to have this conversation whether you like it or not.”
Mycroft bristled, picked up his umbrella and swept out of the room.
“Just go with me for now.” Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s waist and tugged them both into a crouch. “After three, stand up. One-two-three.” Sherlock kept himself at John’s pace and bent his knees to adjust for their height difference. Even though John stumbled, they made it to their feet. “Now, Captain Watson, it’s time for you to lead the march.”
It worked.
“You’d better ask me then.” John put the filled kettle back onto its base and clicked it on.  He turned to face Sherlock.
“I don’t care, Sherlock. I don’t care if this lasts two seconds, two minutes or two hours.”
“Oh, more like that,” John said. “Heat’s going to be fast and hard, so slow’s fine but firm. Deep. Hmm?”
“Well done,” said the reality TV star. “You’ve ruined the entertainment now.  I bloody hate sitting in silence.”
Sherlock walked back into the bedroom to find John stretched out on the bed. John’s lips tilted into a smile and he stroked his cock with a steady hand. Sherlock went to his side. He wore a towel stretched around his hips and his burgeoning erection had started to press against the terry cloth.
Back in the car, Sherlock could see that they were, indeed, headed in the direction of Westminster. He was, however, surprised when they pulled into Downing Street.   Sherlock buttoned his jacket as they were shown into number ten. As Rosie dozed in his arms, they were ushered into an anonymous-looking drawing room.
“No. Tristan.”
Sherlock only partly paid attention to Tyler.  He watched Fabian, the other man this evening had been designed to test.  When Tyler pulled out, Fabian pushed Jamie from his crotch and climbed from the pit.   Surrounded by groaning men, he ran for the pole dancing area.  Sherlock, who’d lost his interest in the sex when John left the room, jumped up and after Fabian in a matter of moments.  He rugby-tackled the Frenchman a quarter of the way into the dancing area and quickly straddled him.
“When you get it for me, I’ll look at it and then show you,” Sherlock said.  “If I can’t see it and check, then the conversation is redundant.”  The butt plug had been found, by Sherlock, under a chair in reception after the first murder.  It’d already proven to be a key piece of evidence.  The DNA found on it mostly belonged to Jason, the first victim, as well as some from Gabe Smith, who'd been with Stephen Daniels at the time of Jason's death.  There were also lime-scale deposits and chlorine, probably from the hot tub; Jason had changed towels in the hot tub room shortly before his death.  Sherlock postulated that the plug had been rammed into Jason's mouth before he was tipped over the third-floor bannister.
“Indeed,” Charles agreed. “John was fond of a few of my boys.” He laughed at his own joke.  “I am sorry, Dr Watson.  I couldn’t resist. Your next visit here will, of course, be on the house.”
“I wasn’t,” John replied. His voice was deep, serious. Almost threatening. But hell if it didn’t make Sherlock even more aroused. “I didn’t think of a woman,” John said. “Not once. I just kept my eyes closed because I was too worried about coming too fast.”
“You guys got the fella who murdered my aunt locked up,” he said. Sherlock was surprised. He expected the Tech to ask where his hat was, or whether Rosie’s illness was a murder attempt rather than a horrible accident. “Always wanted to say thank you,” the Tech continued. “So thanks. She was a lovely woman, my aunt. Didn’t deserve that.”
Rosie picked up her bagged dirty nappy and threw it at Sherlock.  “She seems quite awake.”
Sherlock shrugged.
“We bonded here, Sherlock. I propositioned you here. We had our first sex downstairs. We’ve been us here. Besides, we’ve been eye-fucking each other for years.”
“What are you doing to me, devil man,” John groaned. He pulled Sherlock up and brought their lips together.  He could taste the saltiness of his skin and the tang of his semen on Sherlock’s mouth and licked out every last hint of the taste with his tongue.  “You’re amazing.”
“One of them.” John nodded.  “I’ll just send them up an update.”  He texted Sherlock and Mycroft and apprised them of the situation. “How’s he doing with the rock?”
“It’s about my heat.” The way John jostled the mugs confirmed his trepidation.
“I’m sure you would normally ask for our presence, wouldn’t you? SH”
“Sounds right. He’s not answering when I call him,” Lestrade said.  “Anyway, I’ve been sent links to three different news websites that are talking about you both. It’s not really like John to post things like that.”
“How are we going to do this?” Sherlock asked. He closed his eyes as John nuzzled against his ear.
“How do you want me?” John’s voice told Sherlock his energy had clearly gone. Sherlock leant over and kissed him. John’s lips were warm and wet, and his tongue flicked against Sherlock’s in lazy circles. Sherlock smiled into the kiss and stroked John’s cheek.
“You’re so fucking good, Sherlock,” John managed to make out, his words distorted by the increased force of Sherlock’s thrusts. “Never expected it to feel like this.”
“Maybe this place is rubbing off on you,” John said. Sherlock seemed temptingly close. “Don’t worry about it.”
“I do,” Sherlock agreed.  “But, as I said, I can’t guarantee it.  I believe that the story should now be told by Mr Tyler.  And I will do everything I can to make him tell you.”
“So, that’s Mr Watson taken care of,” the woman said. “What about you, Doctor Holmes?”  She looked at Sherlock.  Mycroft raised a hand to silence him.
“You seem to have a little discharge from the head of your cock, Mr Holmes. I think I ought to investigate.”  John blew cool breath over the glistening head.
The plot picks up in more ways than one here, so get those sleuthing caps at the ready.
“Later, later.” John tightened around Sherlock’s cock and his soft cries grew louder. “God, you feel amazing.” John’s voice was as firm as ripped silk rippling in waves to the floor. Sherlock’s knot seemed to push a little deeper with each stroke, but he was shy of forcing it until John pleaded, “Knot me, please, please. I want to feel you, I need to.”
“I might not have a lot of leverage,” John noted. He demonstrated that he couldn’t pull the dildo out far. It wouldn’t be a hard fuck but…
“I’m a doctor,” he said as he approached the people that encircled the fallen.  “Let me through, I’m a doctor.”
“My soap, John,” Sherlock said with a frown.  “Yours is not suitably moisturising.”
John chuckled. “You know, I rather like you, Mr Holmes.” He pulled Sherlock towards him for a long, lingering kiss.
“Where are you?”  John gasped out. He held a hand out to Rosie and she silently curled into his side.
“Thank you.” Ian had licked the last of Sherlock’s spunk from his lips.
“You’re a dirty posh boy, aren’t you?” John asked. He smiled and sucked Sherlock’s two wet forefingers between his lips and sucked.
The water in the bath was still warm. Sherlock ducked half his body beneath the fragrant surface, then submerged himself entirely. The silky water embraced him, wrapping him in velvety heat until he felt claustrophobic. Sherlock exhaled in a flurry of bubbles, then sat up. He picked out shampoo and shower gel from a collection of bottles on a low shelf, then soaped up his hair, face and body. Sherlock laid back into the clinging water and rinsed away the lather. Sherlock was clean and relaxed when John walked back in with the rattling breakfast trolley.
Greg Lestrade liked Sherlock and John. If pressed, he might even have admitted that he loved them. They were his mates and he trusted them.  He was, however, officially bored of watching them snog.  It was quarter past ten at night and the blackout room had been quiet. For long stretches, they just sat there. Then someone would come in and Sherlock and John would kiss then the mystery someone would come and leave.  Lestrade had seen six blowjobs through the cottaging holes and two shags. The sex swing had been used twice.
Inside, John circled his finger. Sherlock had observed that John’s cock was larger than the average Omega cock, but, even still, it wasn’t much thicker than the dildo laid on the bed.
), and hands that were once on shoulders drifted down and charted new territory again; warm sleep-soaked palms and silky fingertips moved lower, those eager hands finally wrapped around each other’s ever-more interested cocks and John stroked Sherlock the way he liked, Sherlock learned fast, he mirrored deft fingers that pulled foreskin over glans, and, in willing response, they grunted into each other’s mouths and rutted against each other until the kiss turned rough, those grunts turned to cries, controlled strokes turned into frenzied tugs, harder, faster, (now, now,
“Yeah.”
The next few minutes passed in a blur. Rosie was breathing and on oxygen when John carried her downstairs and into the ambulance. Sherlock grabbed phone chargers, his wallet and keys, and then followed. When he got downstairs, the ambulance doors were still open.
Sherlock’s fingers slipped into John’s trousers and curled around his cock.  His brain told him to finish the damn washing up. He dropped the Pyrex oven dish into the water with a clang and a splash. The rest of his body pushed back against Sherlock. His legs opened in invitation and that allowed Sherlock’s hand to cup his balls as well as stroke his cock. His head dropped forward and let out a shaky gasp. Sherlock began to unbutton his shirt and when his dry, warm palm touched John’s chest, his breath hitched.
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock asked. “Why are you burrowing?”
“Not on your nelly,” Candlar replied.  “Son died in a car accident.   Charles had a daughter with Dossie Hartley.  Now she was a dear old girl. She used to work at Jo-Jo
Charles looked at Lestrade, then at Sherlock and, finally, at John. To Sherlock, it was clear he wanted to find their weak link. He hadn’t found one.   “Fine,” Charles said eventually. “I’ll go and retrieve that for you, if you wouldn’t mind waiting in the lobby?”
Piero smiled. “I can tell why you were Fabby’s favourite client, John.  It is rare that people in my profession meet truly good men.”
Sherlock shook his head.  John Watson seemed determined to upend his life.  Biscuits in bed?  Was nothing sacred?
“Do you know, I thought about this not so long ago,” Nathan replied.  “He’s really particular about his phone. I’d ask why. I’d love a poke around his phone.  And he’s got a Safe Deposit Box somewhere too. He doesn’t know I know that. I’ve seen the key. I found it once when he fell asleep on my couch.  I was putting his coat away and it fell out. It said Harris Safe Deposit on it, that’s the only reason I know what it was.  So, yeah, I’d ask to see his phone and to see what’s in that box.”
A group of twelve men entered the blackout area at once.  He barely had time to warn Sherlock and John before they were in.  All of them went to the main room and Sherlock and John started to kiss. Again.
“Damn,” Sherlock replied.  “Europol.”
Tyler nodded.   He already looked as though he was struggling to hang on.  His sweat dripped onto Fabian’s back as he thrust inside the man.  Every so often, he paused to get his control back, but Fabian pushed back and disallowed it.   To give him respite, Jamie dropped into the bed, manoeuvred himself below them, and took Fabian’s cock into his mouth.  Immediately, Bouchard responded by fucking Jamie’s mouth rather than Tyler’s cock.
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Sherlock replied.  “But I think it would be useful if we perhaps spoke to Mr Reid?  You know him, don’t you?”
“Love you,” John replied.   Sherlock reached around to take John’s cock in his hand.  John’s grasp dropped to his balls and he groaned.  Sherlock nuzzled into his neck. John pushed back into every thrust he made.  Sherlock’s nose was pushed into John’s neck and back and licked he a stripe over the warm skin. Even the rich, clean, masculine smell of the man intoxicated Sherlock. His own skin was hot and flushed and Sherlock could feel sweat begin to leave a sheen over both of their bodies.   They slid together.
The entrance to the Blackout room was a red door hung with a sign that read: CLOSED FOR CLEANING.
“Sure thing, pal,” Jamie said. He drank his coffee in one long swig and stood.  “See ya’s soon, yeah?”  And, with a cheeky wink as a parting shot, Jamie left the café.
“Nope,” John said. His sadness about Jason, thankfully, was now just pure, white anger.  “I was, well, doing what people do here in a room upstairs.  Speak to Fabian. The first we knew was when we heard Simon yelling for help.”
“Good job I have this then.” Sherlock lifted a remote control and pressed a button. Dr Marshall’s tinny voice emerged from the console by the door and told them to press a combination of buttons on the remote to page her. Sherlock did as he was bid, while John was overwhelmed by a wave of embarrassment. He pulled the covers up until they covered his face.
Sherlock stepped out of the puddle of fabric at his ankles but kept his back to John.
John checked his watch too. It was well and truly morning. He thanked Jacob and waited until he was out of sight.
“I feel loved and happy,” John interrupted.  “With or without the bum shaker.”
“Oh yeah,” Mark smiled.  “She loved you, mate.  I know she did.  You and Rosie.  That was the life she always wanted; the wife, the mum.  You gave that to her.”
“I know.”
“I never said you didn’t. Don’t be a cock, Johnny.  It’s an adjustment. Men react differently than women. They look different, they have different bits. There’s no point in thinking you’ll react to it in the same way.” Harry looked around.  “How do you think Sherlock’s dealing with all this?”
“Agreed.” John nodded to Lestrade.  “So how on earth are we going to catch our ‘murderer’ in the dark?”
“And yet, I believe that you’re not entirely unwilling.”
“Good.” He went silent for handful of tense heartbeats. “I’m just about to get on a chopper with Mycroft.  The local police have been called and we’ve got armed response in another helicopter.  We’re on our way. Get to the driver and sit tight.”
Sherlock huffed with displeasure. He decided he hated bananas and was infuriated by how slowly tea lost its heat.
Without further hesitation, John wrapped one hand around the root of Sherlock’s cock and took the head into his mouth.  Sherlock tasted salty and warm. The skin beneath John’s tongue was soft and responsive with each flick, suck or movement rewarded with an intake of breath or yearning sound. It might have been the hottest thing John had ever done.
“Wiggins?” John asked.
“Then I will do it.  After all, Jean will be there to protect me, non?”
“Indeed, he will, Mr Boucherie
John shivered a little.  His pants didn’t offer much warmth.  Sherlock’s rested his hand on his knee and he shifted a little closer.   John barely held back a whimper. All that Sherlock flesh on show and he wasn’t in a position to ogle. Colin, John’s disguise, had been with Aaron for years.  ‘Aaron’s’ arse was nothing special to ‘Colin’.  Damn him.
“Must the child come? Mycroft”
“Right, let’s get you undressed,” John said and released Sherlock’s right hand.
Sherlock looked at Murphy’s face. He maintained eye contact with Lestrade and he revealed few indictors of lying.   He was good at it.  Well-practised.  His voice sounded familiar. Sherlock had a link to Lestrade via earpiece.
“Did you know you can have prostate orgasms without the penis being involved?” Nathan asked. He leaned forward towards John.  “I love them. I can just lie with my vibrator right up there and just hit it over and over. No semen, no coming, just these waves of pleasure. I call them arsegasms.”
John moaned his response.  “Fuck me with your fingers,” he said eventually. “I want to feel you.”
“I think we’ve established that Bertie wasn’t that smart, haven’t we?” John’s body rippled below Sherlock. “Oh bugger, all I can think of now is what the look on your face will be like when you’re inside me. Every man likes a virgin.” He fucked up into their conjoined hands and gasped. “Bloody hell.”
“I am famished.” John parked the trolley next to the bath and climbed back in. He sat, reached over to take cloches from plates and revealed two spectacular English breakfasts. Sherlock poured tea and they settled to eat.
John clambered off the bed.  “I should think so,” he replied.  “I do have a reputation to consider.” And with that, John picked up the damp towels from their bath and threw one in Sherlock’s general direction. It landed squarely on his head.
"Nah." John said, happy for the darkness.  "It was her telling me to get on and seduce you, really. The money is for my and Rosie's future."
Sherlock raised both eyebrows.  John panted.  He realised he’d hardly breathed during his rant.
“More.”
“No,” Sherlock replied against John’s mouth. He tilted his head and they kissed.  It started chaste and simple.  Then Sherlock slipped his tongue against John’s lower lip and he opened his mouth because he just did and, for a moment, there was nothing but Sherlock and John. It was beautiful and when the kiss ended, John knew his eyes glistered with emotion he held back.
“Do you think the other passengers are alright?” Sharan asked.
“A few.” John blushed a little deeper. “It isn’t uncommon for things to happen in the army. I mean, it’s not like orgies every night but things do happen. I’ve practised a bit. Recently.”
“I have a disc for you.”  Mark handed over a DVD.  “Mary asked me to give it to you.”
In all other respects, this is not the calm before the storm.  It's the storm before a bigger storm.
Sherlock’s eyes turned golden-green in the warm light of the corridor.  John nodded.  John reached for the door handle and thrust out his chest.
“Would you rather interview suspects with me or plod through Mycroft’s boring work?”
“Then we understand each other as professionals,” Nathan said.   “With that in mind, let’s get to work.”
“Yes, sir,” John breathed and lifted Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders.
Lestrade caught John’s eye and he pulled a face.  “Shall we go to the right-hand corridor now?”
“I lubed my cock with your ejaculate,” Sherlock replied.  “Sorry. I don’t know why.”
“How dare you?” Sherlock winked again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. John merely raised an eyebrow and tilted his head towards Jamie.  Reid lay splayed on the metal landing. Impressively, he’d managed to maintain an erection throughout the chase.   Sherlock offered him a hand to help him to his feet.  He accepted Sherlock’s hand, let him help him to his feet and then nodded down at his dick.
“Ladies first.”
“As much as I can.”
“John,” Sherlock whispered as the hot, slick channel engulphed him. He gripped John’s hips and drew back and pushed in slowly. His still-damp skin clung to John’s.
Sherlock couldn’t speak for a moment. The image of John with the dildo inside him short-circuited his brain and sped his movements. For a while, all he did was feel as his cock slipped between their hands and John’s dick. Just the sensation of their foreskins moving against each other was arousing enough. Added to that, the change of texture between velvety skin and the rougher texture of their hands was delicious. The mental picture of John fucking himself with a green dildo on top of that assured the swift descent of Sherlock’s brain downwards.
Sherlock pulled up and away for a moment.  He squirted a cold drizzle of lube over John’s belly.  It felt rather wonderful on his cool skin. Sherlock lowered back down, and his slick cock rubbed against John’s.
“It isn’t funny,” Sherlock said.  “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do in relationships, John.  I have to rely on you to tell me if I’m expecting too much sexual activity.  I don’t know. And now you want me to start the sex thing again, and how do I know if it’s the right time?   I have observed that when people first begin a sexual relationship they have more sex than normal, but I don’t know what normal is.”
“Never thought I was, sweetheart, but whoever you were with before clearly didn’t make you feel wonderful about relationships.”
“One and the same.”
Sherlock observed his own fingernails. “I don’t understand why, but I know Tyler is up to something.”
Sherlock and John go interview Mark Tyler's wife and the case takes a new turn.  Sherlock and John visit the Tyler's home and that just opens yet another can of worms.  Lestrade gets mangry.  Yes, mangry.  More bedtime things happen.
John and Sherlock got to their feet and looked out of the window.   One of Mycroft’s be-suited agents had a man pinned to the street.  It was clear who it was. They knew Nathan Drake rather well, after all.  Sherlock hung up on Mycroft and waved the agent and his captive inside.
Sherlock nodded. He turned and looked up.  On screen, a muscular, tanned man had his back to the camera.  A similarly fit man sucked his dick.  It all seemed ridiculous, staged and sordid.  But, more than that, it occurred to Sherlock that sex was an act of trust.  Was that the reason it had never appealed to him?  He looked back towards John.
John casually undressed.  He threw his shirt, pants and socks in the clothes hamper and folded his jeans.  He sat on the foot of the bed.
“A while ago,” John replied. “The last few hours have been, well, a bit full-on.”
Fabian laughed.  “The pills are nothing,” he said.  “They’re like a few glasses of champagne. I give one to Tyler with my mouth. And I give some to people waiting to come in here earlier.  I drugged two policemen, they were so obvious.”
“Hold your horses.”  Tyler pulled his fingers free of Fabian, who whimpered at the loss.  He slicked himself up and slid inside Fabian’s arse.  He took a few slow, steady thrusts.
“Fine.” Sherlock really didn’t want to be alone.  “I don’t suppose you’re intending to drug me with sedatives to make it bearable?”
“I love you, John.” Sherlock looked surprised by his own words.  “It doesn’t please me that people will see your body, especially not your penis.  However, lots of people before me have seen it, Doctor three-continents Watson. I can hardly plead ownership when you’ve shared it with so many others already.”
Though he was an Alpha, Sherlock had always been atypical in many respects. When he was seventeen years of age, he’d mastered self-control during his ruts. He’d kept his private life strictly private, even from mummy. When he was twenty-one years of age, Sherlock had shared his boyfriend, Alex’s, heat and the sex had been so intensely pleasurable it’d rivalled only the purest of drugs. Indeed, it might’ve been truly intoxicating had it not been for Alex’s subsequent behaviour.  As heat cooled into the everyday, and Alex’s view of Sherlock’s charms became less about his irrepressible cock and more about his personality, Alex had loudly looked elsewhere for love.
“Dr Watson?” the woman asked again. John’s posture changed, and he nodded. “My name’s Dr Marshall. I’ll be looking after Mr Holmes’ care while you’re here. His MRI is being looked at by our neurology team and his X-Ray has been sent to our plastic surgeons. As far as I can see, there are no breakages, but plastics will check and confirm. Mr Holmes is, I suspect, dehydrated and his blood sugar is rather low. As soon as we’ve heard from the specialists and we know Mr Holmes doesn’t require surgery, we’ll bring him some food. For now, he has glucose in his drip. Has anyone explained the chair?” Dr Marshall nodded towards the corner.
John put down his fork. He looked at his plate. If his voice was thick when he said, “Thank you,” Sherlock was willing to let it go. Just this once.
The woman who’d yanked the emergency brake cord winked at John a second before she pulled it. When Daniels lifted his foot, John dove towards his daughter who rocked in her child seat.  He said a silent prayer of thanks to Harry, who’d insisted he brought Rosie’s car seat so she could pick them up from the station.
“Fuck, Sherlock.” John’s voice was wrecked, and his arms collapsed in, then held, but only for a few fast heartbeats. “Ah!” John’s warm release gushed inside Sherlock and if felt utterly astonishing. They held each other as they rolled over and reversed their positions. John’s cock slipped free, but Sherlock was ready, and he pushed the slim dildo inside himself. His curious fingers discovered a button at the dildo's base, so Sherlock pressed it. A rumble of vibration was heard and then felt. And felt. Sherlock quickly turned it the thing off. He panted; his respiration had increased quite suddenly and rapidly. Sherlock knew he needed to calm down but slid the vibrator against his prostate all the same.
“Not at all,” Charles said. “We’ve had nothing. Apart from the custard pie fight, and the murders of course, the only issue we’ve ever had was that one of our members had his phone stolen from one of the lockers on the ground floor.   Oh Lord, I’ve just remembered, we have cameras in there too. We fitted them afterwards.”
“I’ll wash, you can check me for injuries.”
“Oh.”
John swept his gaze over the body. He paused when he reached Brandon’s backside.  The urticaria, in the form of red welts, was more concentrated on his arse.   John looked up at Sherlock and their eyes met.  A barely perceptible nod and John eased Brandon’s buttocks apart.
“You do know who…” Mycroft began.  Before he could say more, a woman in a ridiculous tartan suit walked in.  She gave Sherlock a limp handshake and ignored Rosie altogether.
“I can tell you here and now, who knew about Brandon’s allergies,” Langridge said.  “We all did.  He even asked his clients if they used the stuff.  Even when he helped out Justin Ellis, our BDSM specialist, and he asked his clients too.  Brandon wasn’t shy about it.”
Sherlock took the list.
“According to Jason’s boyfriend, Simon Turner, Jason was afraid of heights, so tended to walk close to the walls as he navigated the upper floors.  It’s unlikely he fell.  We’re taking Simon’s statement tonight, and we’ve told him you and John will visit tomorrow. He seems fond of John, so it’s possible he’ll get more out of Turner than we did.  I’ve put an asterisk next to the gentleman who was entertaining John at the time of the incident.”
“Does he have dark, wavy hair and pale skin?”
Once dinner was finished, John took Rosie for her bath.
“I’m so sorry. Oh, John, I can’t believe I’ve hurt you. I didn’t mean to. Please, let me make it better.”
“Rosie lives with a drug addict, Mycroft. Don’t be pathetic.”
“Fuck me, John.” Sherlock pulled John’s top leg up, using it as a brace for him to thrust with fast, jagged movements. “Oh, there, there, there,” he cried out when John found that dangerous spot inside.
“You go with Fabby?”  Piero asked.  “I love Fabby. He’s always telling me to quit here and go to Langridge’s. However, I like that I work with normal people, you know?”
When Sherlock was inside to the hilt, he stopped for a moment. There was a very good chance that, if he moved, he’d come almost immediately, and that wasn’t an option he wanted to consider. This, then, was why John worried about coming too soon. John rocked against him, eager for Sherlock to make love to him and, unless Sherlock got hold of himself, he might not make anything other than a disappointing mess.
“We’re alive. Alive, Sherlock.”
“Meeting you like this is getting to be a habit,” John said.
“We were making a point,” John replied.  “Nathan’s the expert. You and I don’t know how to fake this.”
“One, two, three, four,” John said.
John chatted to Rosie. She squeezed a slice of pear to within an inch of its life and then threw it on John’s naked leg.   He stared at it for a bit.  This morning was very surreal.  Sherlock put a full English breakfast in front of him. It looked edible. Mrs Hudson wasn’t in sight.  Rosie pushed a baked bean into his ear.  He ate his breakfast.  It was better than edible.  There was even black pudding and even though, as a doctor, he told his patients it was a dreadful thing to eat, John loved it.
“What it’s like to want you.” Sherlock’s hushed voice splintered with emotion.
Sherlock, who was logged onto his laptop, looked up.  He was unearthly in his black shirt, sitting in front of the window, with a glowing halo created by the bright sun around him.  “It’s just shamming, John,” he said at last. “You know that.”
“What about exercise? Do you guys work out?”
Sherlock did as he was told, scootched over and extended his hand towards John. “Hold my hand?”
“What doing?” said the other man on the sofa. He was John’s age and bald.  “Washing up?”
“Is it yourself giving CPR?”
“I know, I know, I just can’t explain,” John said. “Do you like the idea of people seeing us having sex? You reacted when Fabian was doing stuff in front of us.  If I have to get used to the idea that you like public sex, I will, Sherlock. I love you. I want to make you happy.”
John saw the jealousy in Bouchard’s expression.   He felt sad for him, in a way. He knew the feeling would not last for long. He wasn’t disappointed.
I don’t give a fuck.
“Fine,” Mycroft said.  He snatched the file from the coffee table. “Stephen Daniels: MP for Milton Keynes
“I’m sure the police will do everything they can.” John patted Fabian’s back.  He blushed when he noticed Sherlock’s gaze.  “Have you met Sherlock?”
John shook with laughter. Sherlock bit his lip until giggles burst out of him.  Tears of hilarity rolled down John’s face.
“Enough.” Sherlock stared at the wound he’d made in John’s neck. The trail of blood that dripped from it into the hollow of Sherlock’s collarbone made him feel both horrified and overjoyed. No matter how brutal, it was an expression of love and commitment. Yet still, it concerned him. “How’s your neck?”
“A lot.”
“You want to have sex with each other?”  Piero asked.  “Why don’t you two just have sex?”
Sherlock smiled.
“Oh, hello,” John said. He opened his eyes and looked down. Sherlock’s hair dripped with moisture and his pale skin was flushed. He gazed at John’s and smiled, as much as he could, around his mouthful. He draped half his body over the bed, wrapped one hand around John’s cock and moved the other to his perineum.
“Oh, fucking hell, Sherlock that feels amazing.” John spread his legs to give Sherlock easier access. “And yes, you are sodding lucky, you wanker.”
“Flirt.”
“Do you want to put your cock in me ever again? Think about it, Sherlock. Think hard.”
John quirked his lips. He walked around the bed and opened the drawer. Sherlock had forgotten about the photo. It’d been taken by Molly. Sherlock’s birthday. Sherlock was wearing the hat and John looked tired after his outburst of emotion. Their arms were so close together on the pub table it looked like they were holding hands. John stroked the glossy surface of the image and put it on the top of the bedside cabinet. The lube was underneath. Sherlock knew what sort of picture that painted. John didn’t say a word.
Sharan nodded.
“Are we stopping here or are we trying to get into the bath?” John asked.
Mycroft cleared his throat, loudly. Sherlock’s shirt was open and John slipped a hand inside.
John paused. “You know what’s worrying me? The mess we’re going to make of your bedroom floor when your stonk-on goes down.”
“But we can hurt him, Lesley. And we can protect you and get you away from all of this,” John pleaded.  “But you need to help us because innocent people are dying.”
“Says the man who invaded Afghanistan.”
“Morning, Sherlock,” John said.  He stared at the floor. “I didn’t hear Rosie during the night.”
“Mary stuff,” John lied.
“Or, maybe, you could admit that you’re not the only one who can wind up their partner.” John’s mouth quirked into a smile and, in one smooth move, he sank down onto Sherlock’s erection.
”  Sherlock nodded.  “To do anything else would be suspicious. Was I a good actor, Jean?”
“Wow,” John replied. “I saw a video on the internet of someone having those. I don’t get it.”
“I’m injured.”
“I’m telling you that it’s time for you and me to decide what we want from our relationship.” John took a massive exhale as if he’d let all the air out of his body in one deep breath.
“But not for Jason, does it?  Or Simon,” John said quietly.
“Look, I’m not fourteen or some blushing schoolboy,” John replied. “Rosie, darling, don’t rub it in your hair.”
“Now, Mr Holmes, what would you like to say to me?” John’s hand was resting on Sherlock’s shoulder, his fingers sunk into tender muscles.
“Lie next to me,” John said softly.  He brushed Sherlock’s hair back from his face and dragged him down onto the bed.  John squeaked in a rather unmanly fashion when Sherlock’s softening dick slipped from his arse.   “You’ve got good control for an almost virgin, Mr Holmes.”
“Fabian Bouchon
“Saw it on the internet,” John replied. He hooked his arm around Sherlock and urged him forward.  “Ages ago. Wanted to do it with you. Before Mary even.”
“Kinky.”
“Oh!” Sherlock was wide-eyed. John looked at the computer screen.  An email was open on Tyler’s computer.  The subject line was A.G.R.A. and the contents very clearly included an invoice for services rendered. The email was signed Rosamund.
Sherlock’s heart thudded in his chest.  The question formed heavy in the misty air between them.
“And Doubles is hardly the only male brothel in this city,” John said.  “Not to mention the fact that you could set up on your own. You’re not without options, Nathan. Just tell us.
John asked. “But tell me if it’s uncomfortable.”
“I will always be there for you and your child, John.”
Sherlock paused for a moment. He stopped stuffing. He took a deep breath.
“I hate you.”
“Or, perhaps, ‘I’m sorry that you’re stressed about this situation, John. It was a shitty time to wind you up’.” John reached round to push his fingers into his own arse. His eyes fluttered shut.
“In that case, by the left, slow march.”
“I’ve had things up my arse.” John stroked Sherlock’s leg and his own dick with increasing speed.  “Never a real cock though. Waited for you.”
“Of course. I’ll have Harris install Rosie’s seat.  You know how I love to see your offspring.”
I taught him everything he knows.
John smirked. It amused him that Mycroft Holmes, the man who ran the country, Theresa May be damned, carried a child seat for Rosie in the boot of his chauffeur-driven Jag.
“Just the one.”
“He’s already b’n lifted,” Reid replied.  “Sorry John, I know he were ya pal, like, the French fella.  Other ‘an that?  Gawtta be a punter. I cannae imagine anyone else bein’ doaty enough to pull that shite.”
“Burner,” he murmured.
“Did anyone hurt you?” John smoothed the deep red fabric over the bed.
“Tyler,” the man replied. “Mark Tyler.”
“It appears that your endeavours with the Langridge’s case and the subsequent arrest of the Marquês de Evora has won you an ally. One that is very useful to your present situation.”
“Och, they apparently do what we do but they’re no’ as classy as we are,” Shirley replied.  “They don’t offer anywhere near the amount of services we do.  All our boys have access to sexual health nurses and testing, prophylactics and the like.  They don’t at Doubles.  I only know that because Brandon told me all about it.  Oh, that reminds me, here’s the list of Brandon’s clients and the ones he saw with Justin.  Brandon was a lovely boy.  But he worked at Doubles before he came here, you know.   The stories he told. He wasn’t the only lad who moved over here, either.  If I were you, Mr Holmes, I’d go take a wee look at Doubles.”
A full eight minutes passed before John entered the room wearing a towel around his waist. His hair was ruffled and his skin pink from hot water and steam.  He looked, as far as Sherlock was concerned, utterly delicious.
Sherlock nodded.  “I should try,” he admitted.  “Colin was straight before he met me. He’s used to penetrating someone. I don’t want him to have to lose that.”
“I’ve propositioned you,” John replied. “I did the first time we met.”
“Then I daresay you would then do much as you did this evening and…” Sherlock stopped. John shook his head. “No?”
“So I did.” John kicked off his jeans and pants, then bent down to remove his socks.  Once he was naked, he dropped to his knees between Sherlock’s legs. He ran his hands up the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.  “Your cock does appear to be quite swollen, Mr Holmes.” When his hands were at the apex, John gently grasped Sherlock’s bollocks to stroke and tug at them.
Fabian took a deep breath.  He explained that he’d moved to the UK from Paris six years previously. Once they met, Kevin Candlar introduced him to the party scene. After that, he’d worked as a male escort and for Doubles, for a while. By that time, he already used poppers, ecstasy and benzos.  When he joined Langridge’s, Candlar threatened to tell Charles about Fabian’s habit unless he agreed to work for him distributing drugs to clients and workers.
“John and I are both middle-aged men. Every time we touch each other it’s with hands that touched all our previous lovers. That’s just the way it is.  Except, of course, that after six weeks or so, every skin cell will be entirely new.  Not one little bit of skin that you touched will remain.  I suspect that in six weeks, or six years, I will still know John Watson. You will not. Might we move on now?”
“John,” Sherlock said.  He easily kept up with Mycroft as they swept through the hospital towards the exit.
Sherlock shook his head.  “It’s fine.  You’ve gone through a lot and I don’t know what I’m doing, so…”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock pushed past them and sat down on the bed.  He’d researched Nathan Drake and knew he wasn’t a key player.
They were standing in reception. Sherlock and John had utilised the lockers and now wore dressing gowns.
“Enough!” John turned to face Mycroft.  “Are you pimping your brother out to me?”
When their breathing had returned to normal, Sherlock flopped beside John on the bed.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock curled another finger between John’s lips and had to reach down to squeeze his own cock. There was no way he could get hard again, but his cock was twitching with almost oversensitive shocks. He must’ve winced because suddenly John kissed him again and captured Sherlock’s hands behind his back. When they finished kissing, both men gasped for air.
“Oh, hell, yes.” John lifted his uppermost leg and hissed as the plug was slowly drawn out of his body. Sherlock’s cock swiftly replaced it and went further, beyond where the shallow plug had been. “That’s the fucking ticket, love.”
“Go get dressed,” John said. “We’re going out.”
After a few hours, John needed a break from the screen and stood to look out of the window down on Baker Street below.  He wasn’t sure what caught his eye, but if the military and Sherlock taught him anything, it was never to ignore a half-glimpse of danger.  The half-glimpse was a projectile and John immediately dropped to the floor where he was showered by a cascade of falling glass.
“No one of your concern.”
“I’ve fallen asleep a few odd places too.” John ducked his head and blushed. “Speaking of which…”
Sherlock stood. He put both hands on the table and leaned over until he was close to Fabian’s face. “You deserve nothing,” he said.  “And you’ve had quite enough of John Watson’s time.”
When they arrived at Baker Street, John took Rosie to bed.  Sherlock sat, lost in thought.
“Salt and vinegar. Cheese and onion would have been too cheesy.” John chimed in on the last two words.
“Well, you deserve a better me. A me that knows how to give a blow-job, who doesn’t run away afterwards, and who actually thinks about having a relationship with you, not just sex.”
“The classiest drugs come from the classiest people,” Fabian said.   “I don’t play with amateurs.”
“I want to sleep.”
“I’ll get the tea and the Hob Nobs, you can straighten the bed,” John said as he wrapped a towel around himself.
“This looks a bit, well, expensive,” John said as he looked at the box. “Especially for something that’ going up my arse.”
“I have my curiosities and my needs, John,” Sherlock replied.  “You taste wonderful by the way.  Very John-like.”  Sherlock fisted John’s cock before he swirled his tongue around it, then sucked at his frenulum.
“My voice?” John asked. “You sound like liquid sex. Jesus, Sherlock, I’m so close already. I can’t stop imagining you in front of that bloody mirror. It’s still the best fuck I ever had.”
Everyone was fed and watered, Rosie was asleep, and Sherlock was in the shower.  The thought of Sherlock with water drizzling down his chest made John’s cock twitch, even though it wasn’t the first time it had. The difference was their relationship.  Sherlock pressed all his buttons on purpose and not by accident.  John stroked his cock, just a little. When he shifted back onto the bed, he was reminded of his deliciously sore arse.  All the same, he enjoyed his chilled out, lazy wank.  He was so engrossed in his minor exertions that he didn’t notice when Sherlock returned to the room until the bed dipped.  Sherlock’s mouth covered the head of John’s cock.
“I disturbed her when I came in,” Sherlock replied. “We dozed until an hour or so ago.”
“The bar is clearly incidental.”
John smiled and shook his head. He clearly didn’t understand.
Two weeks after his relationship with Alex had fizzled into nothing, a man, Peter, who’d heard about Sherlock’s irrepressible cock, asked him to share his heat. In the spirit of experimentation, Sherlock had agreed. Four days later, Peter had fancied himself in love and Sherlock had been utterly appalled. In retrospect, leaving Cambridge and his possible life in academia was an overreaction on Sherlock’s part, but it had succeeded in removing Peter from his life.
Dan Murphy had dark hair, almost black. His eyes were bright blue. He was quite beautiful.  Too beautiful not to miss.  Sherlock would have been attracted but Murphy wasn’t blonde enough, or short enough, or John Watson-y enough. Sherlock watched him through a two-way mirror as he was interviewed by Lestrade. Murphy had only just arrived back in London. The only way to make him return was to send a car to collect him. Lestrade was not impressed.
“Of course not,” Simon replied.  “You go right ahead.”
“Hang on,” John said. He wormed his hand between their bodies and around their cocks.
Mycroft waved a hand dismissively. “What about the boyfriend, actually?  Surely he’s the chief suspect?”
John met Sherlock’s eye and nodded.  “Phone?”
“’Course,” John agreed.  Sally walked over, a strange expression on her face. She looked embarrassed, mostly.   She touched John’s elbow and then walked over to Fabian, who smiled at John as he was led away.
“Guh, yes.” John clambered onto all fours. Sherlock tapped the end of the butt plug and smiled when John moaned. “By the way, you never deduced anything about the phone or the mints.”
.  “To the investigation, I mean.”  Too late.
“No, no, I just mean that this place makes you think about sex.  You can’t help it. Before you know it, everything is sexual innuendo and slapped arses.”  They were even closer now.
The downstairs doorbell rang.
“I don’t care if you only love an inch of me as long as it’s on the end of my cock.” Sherlock thrust his body up against John and gasped at the touch.  “Hurry, John.”
Lestrade waved Sally Donovan into his office and tasked her with retrieving the butt plug from evidence.   He sat back and rubbed his face with his hands.  “I don’t mind telling you that this case is doing my head in.”
Rosie quietened a little and snuggled her face against John’s neck. John adjusted her oxygen mask and stroked her hair.
“An’ neither should he,” Jamie replied. “D’you know how many o’ ma pals from school I’ve lawst to smack o’er the years?  Twelve out of a class o’ twenty-six.  I cannae deal wi’ drugs in any form. I might be a hooker, ya know, but I’m no’ a bampot.”
“Have you ever seen drugs circulate at Langridge’s?” Sherlock asked. “I know Charles doesn’t approve.”
"I think if that's a proposal, it’s dreadfully underwhelming," Sherlock replied.  He turned to face John. "Is it too early?"
Sherlock froze. He pictured the act in question.  His cock twitched.  “Take me to the room where you were.”
“Do you mind?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but blushed all the same. He made a mental note to invent better masking aftershave.
John lifted his head. “Prostate exam?”  he offered.
Mycroft sighed. “It’s a colloquial term, Sherlock. It means that she is pretending to be his girlfriend. She wants publicity, he doesn’t want his homosexuality to interfere with his political career.”
“I’d expect nothing less,” John replied before he gave Sherlock a kiss that communicated the odd thing or two his rant hadn’t managed to say.
Sherlock looked hesitant for a moment.  The Holmes boys struggled with emotion, especially when it was brotherly.  Mycroft, however, was determined.  He held Sherlock’s gaze until his brother responded.
Mary laughed as her image faded.  John sighed and flushed because Sherlock, his Sherlock, wanted him and that was almost too good to be true.
“It’s perfect,” John said. “You’ve got no idea how many arsehole Alphas Omegas deal with on a daily basis. Believe me, I love that you’re nothing like them.”
“I love you. I’ll love you even more if you phone Mycroft and tell him to get my window sorted.” John paused.  “I wonder if all prostitutes can throw as well as Nathan Drake?”
“What shouldn’t I be worried about?”  Sherlock replied. “I’m sure it’s peace and light inside your brain. This time tomorrow we’ll have either returned, or not, from an attempt to catch a key drug courier from Europe’s biggest criminal kingpin and, in doing so, bring his reign to an end.  But I’m sure he won’t have a problem with that, will he?   Let’s face it, John, this time tomorrow, your child could have no father. Even worse, she might be stuck with me looking after her. So, you tell me, John, why should I be worried?”
“I can see your fucking spy on this train, Mycroft,” Daniels texted.  “You said I wasn’t going to be arrested, but I see him, the bloody spook you set on me at Langridge’s.”  Daniels scratched at the injection site on his arm. It was bleeding. There was always bleeding.  “I’m going to kill your fucking agent,” Daniels texted to Mycroft. “Him and his accomplice.”
“Because I was brilliant at keeping your wife alive, wasn’t I?” Sherlock responded.  He stared across the room at the smiley face shot into the wall.  “You have too much faith in me.”
“You’re not going to fool me again,” Mycroft said. “Please move, Dr Watson. Rosie’s waking.”  Rosie had indeed stirred as the helicopter descended.
Shaw ran a Milliners called Larkins. She didn’t make the hats; she was just the front-woman. The actual hats were designed and made by a small army of Women’s Institute members in Chesham who blew the proceeds on chutney-making supplies.
John rolled Sherlock off him and stumbled to his feet. His left calf muscle was on fire.  Eyes scrunched tight, he limped around the living room and although he heard the high pitched little noises he made, he was more concerned with his world of pain. On the second lap, the pain eased.  He slowed up and opened his eyes. Sherlock lay naked and satiated in front of the fire.  His amusement at John’s predicament was clear in the curve of his lips.
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and crawled back up John’s body. The kiss he gave John was almost chaste but utterly spellbinding its intensity, and, when it ended, they were both silent, just for a moment. John looked down the length of their bodies. They touched at only the tips of their cocks. Sherlock circled his hips closer and John whimpered at the smooth, silky contact.
A taped drumroll sounded and a man walked onto the small stage area.  He wore a pair of silver spandex trousers and some ballet shoes.  A pole dropped from the ceiling.  The man bowed.  ‘Careless Whisper’ crackled through the speakers and the man swayed, off-time.
“I can re-arrest Tyler for suspicion, but I’m going to need evidence,” Lestrade noted.  “He’s been a good boy and helped with our enquiries.  If he’s not innocent, then he’s an arrogant fuck-head and I want him banged up.”
Sherlock and John undertake couples therapy (in their pants, obviously) at Doubles, a rival brothel to Langridge's.  After some home truths, John hides and Sherlock is perturbed.  The following day, they have a break through in the case and a suspect emerges.  They go back to Langridge's to enlist the help of a certain Frenchman.  From there, they go see Mycroft. Is their suspect really who he says he is?
John sighed. Sherlock was the most infuriating, selfish arsehole that ever lived most of the time. He’d changed though, after Mary and after Eurus. He was less self-obsessed, a better friend to John and a co-parent to Rosie.  However, since the case at Langridge’s, Sherlock was being almost perfect.  Much as he hated to admit it, what Harry said fitted.
“Bugger, sorry.” John laughed and tugged Sherlock back under the water. “Since you’re my big strong Alpha, or some shit like that, you can soap me up first. Do it well and I’ll consider buying a butt plug so, well, y’know.” He smiled.
“Fine.” Sherlock pulled down his skirt, tights and knickers in one fell swoop. He hoped John hadn’t spotted the knickers. It turned out he really did need to pee. He even managed to get some of it in the pot. It didn’t take a testing strip or a doctor to see the red tinge. He handed the warm pot to John.
“Oh!” John seated himself fully on both chair and dildo. Sherlock, who was lying in his bed, absently rubbed his crotch through the sheets.
“Then I am very honoured and pleased with my gift,” John replied.  “Thank you both.” John kissed Rosie and then Sherlock.   They smiled back at him.  “Thank you so much for taking her out and being amazing with her,” John said to Sherlock.  “You’re truly wonderful with her and with me.”
“Well, I’ve decided that I don’t want to take suppressants,” John said. He stirred in milk and sugar. He kept his eyes on the mugs as he walked them back through to the living room. Sherlock followed him, sat in his chair and thanked John for the tea placed on his side-table.  John cleared his throat. “The thing is, I’m not opposed to Rosie having a brother or a sister and, if that’s the case, I might need to get my hormones firing again.”
“And this music is..?”  Sherlock asked.
Sherlock pulled John close and put his mouth around the scent gland on John’s neck. This was the moment Sherlock combined their DNA together, bonding them with chemistry as well as capricious emotion. He rolled his hips, pushed his cock in deep, and came as his teeth split John’s skin and sank into willing flesh. The warm iron rush of John’s blood flooded Sherlock’s tongue and dripped from his lips. Sherlock closed his eyes. Even in the midst of orgasm, his mind roiled with conflicting emotions: joy, arousal, love and the guilt of the necessary, intimate violence he’d just enacted upon his new mate.
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for her proof-reading par excellence. Any other mistakes that remain are mine, mine, all mine.  Thank you also to Pantera72 for checking my French and thus stopping any damage I may have caused to the entente cordiale - or at least the one amongst British and French fic readers.  It's much more important than the real, political one.
“Impressive,” Sherlock said.  “In a fight, I mean.”
“Are you looking forward to seeing Sherlock, Rosie?  I bet he’s missed you.”
Sherlock looked at John, who offered him a rueful smile and a shrug.  “I’ll get in touch with my brother.”
“And last night you were sore,” Sherlock replied against his lips. “There’s no reason to rush.”
“Sherlock!” John’s eyes opened wide.  He stopped breathing for a moment and his hips rose as he arced off the bed.   “I’m going to come too soon, too soon if you don’t…”  John’s cock dripped with clear precome and Sherlock reached out to give it a slow stroke.
“Addee,” Rosie said as Sherlock sat down. She reached for John and he made sure hold her hand in his.   “Addee Erwock, will Addee be okay?”  She looked up at Sherlock, her eyes wide and full of fright.
Sherlock snorted. "We really ought to get the money in a bank, you know."
“Why do you want to see the butt plug?” Lestrade asked.   To John, he looked, as usual, harried and knackered.
Sherlock hadn’t been able to imagine John being passive enough to let him come on his face. Sherlock peeled away the shirt from his face. Ian, he’d realised, hadn’t looked anything like John. Sherlock had grabbed his white shirt from the floor and used it to wipe spunk from Ian’s cheeks.
After a year, John began to feel the tell-tale signs of his impending heat. His GP told him to have at least one heat while he decided what to do about possible procreation since his fertility was likely to be low.
Mycroft is relieved, Mark Tyler is happy, John is surprised (by who Tyler is) and Sherlock is a rabbit in the headlights.
He paused, looked Sherlock up and down, then glanced at John. “Evening.”
“Maybe,” Sherlock said. “I don’t know. Should I?”
“Anyone else coming today?”
“Oh love, that feels so good.”  John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders with both hands.
When John Watson had come into his life, Sherlock started to view sex differently. In a matter of weeks, he’d longed to kiss, caress, and make love to John. Fantasies about John’s heat had become Sherlock’s key masturbatory aid, and he had to develop his own aftershave to mask his own arousal. After a matter of months, Sherlock had realised he was in love. He’d started to steal items of John’s clothing and smelt them, slept with them, and treasured them. When Sherlock had jumped from the roof of Bart’s into a life of undercover work and assassination, he did so with one of John’s jumpers, two of his t-shirts, a pair of his socks and three pairs of his pants.
“I’ll accept that, but you’re hardly a natural.”  Bailey’s disdain was clear from his voice.  “We’re going to lower the lights and check the cameras.”
John left the clinic at four o’ clock in the afternoon.  Since Mary’s death and his return to Baker Street, he’d worked mainly as a locum and, today, his shift had been at a surgery in Crouch End.  The shift was over and he was headed to Archway Underground station when a familiar black Jaguar pulled up beside him.  He didn’t bother to argue, just climbed in and greeted Mycroft.
“Seems unlikely.” Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt. “I was thinking more that you, perhaps, might be cold and in need of body heat.”
“No. I’ve been to the Palace.”
“Good,” Sherlock replied.  “Ask about money laundering too. I suspect it’s linked to the drugs and to Mark Tyler.”
“Oh.”
“And you’re aware that Mark visits Langridge’s?” Sherlock asked.
“We’ll be met by Lestrade who will take Daniels into custody. We can’t allow you to talk to him today. Protocols must be followed.  I shall inform Lestrade that Dr Watson is suffering some type of shock and that you must not be disturbed. You will be required to fill in the blanks for the poor man tomorrow.”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John groaned out. Sherlock looked up as John watched him in the mirror. There was something there, in that look, but Sherlock wasn’t skilled enough in reading softer emotions to decipher its meaning. Then John’s gaze dropped to take in Sherlock’s hand frantically pleasuring himself and, almost as if he were mesmerised, he began to thrust in and out of Sherlock’s body in response.
“Just let her calm down again.  If we don’t go up she’ll quieten down.”  John put his hands behind his back and waited. Sherlock took a single, cynical nod and crossed his arms.
“John?”  Mycroft appeared beside him.  “Duncan here is going to take your statement and your clothes.  Can I get Mrs Hudson, perhaps, to bring you a change of clothing?”
“Speak to him tonight, without John.”  Lestrade’s lips clenched into a tight straight line.
“Any signs of blood when you bottom, Aaron?”  Nathan asked.
At school, John's best mate, James, was gay. He had been the captain of the rugby team; a prop. James had joined the army with John; he was a man's man, tall, muscled and dark haired. More than once, after a night out with the rugby team, he and John had ended up in bed.  It was just wanking and the odd sloppy kiss. In the morning, James told him to make up his mind. So, he had. He’d quickly bedded a girl called Natalie and fancied himself in love. That's what John Watson had done for the next twenty odd years. He’d made up his mind and settled for girls.
Sherlock had passively waited for Ian to find the foil wrappers, strip off one condom and roll on another.
“I can’t take back someone who hasn’t left me. He’s gone away for a few days to visit his sister. He’ll be back later in the week.”
“What’s up?” John asked.
is a kid’s TV show and a work of utter genius. Who can argue with the voice of Derek Jacobi?  I may be 43 years of age this coming April, but I am utterly enchanted by it:
“Please, oh, and bring me another beer, will you?”
“I’d pull down your zip, next,” Sherlock said.
“Well, that just sounds deeply disagreeable, John,” Sherlock said. He widened his eyes and then dropped his head to lick the head of John’s cock.  In between licks, he asked, “Can you pass me some lube?  I think there might be some flavoured stuff, which would be perfect.”
John attempted to crawl inside Sherlock’s t-shirt.  His neck hurt from clenching his teeth to stifle laughter.
“Of course, Mygroin” the woman said.  “Make it happen.”  Mycroft passed her several more papers to sign.  “Lovely.  Now, Mr Holmlock, please have faith that Mychord here will arrange it all for you,” the woman said with look of relief.  “Now, I simply must go. I am trying to run the country, you know.”
“If you two want to take the green door on the left, that’s our lounge and bar area for waiting VIP’s.  You can have a drink in there and watch the floorshow.  Have a beautiful evening.”  The receptionist pressed a button and the green door buzzed and opened.
“Sonny,” Sherlock said.
“God, that felt terrific,” John said. “Is it bad that I think I need a proper hard fuck?”
John shook his head and let his head drop back against Sherlock’s shoulder. There was enough of an angle for slightly sideways kiss. “You feel good,” John replied. Sherlock pushed in a little more.  “So good.”
“Candlar?”  John asked.  “He was a right shifty git.”
When John met Sherlock, he’d started the suppressants again. The Alpha scent of Sherlock had intoxicated him; he smelt of cleverness, occasional moral turpitude, and dirty sex. John Watson wanted all of it.  Sherlock wanted none of John, or at least that’s what he’d said. However, John had sensed Sherlock’s arousal no matter how much Sherlock tried to mask it. But, in the end, John was too scared, too wounded, and too ready to be pushed away. Lust turned to love, and that love had become too important to risk.  The suppressants and a constant stream of Beta women kept John’s libido in check. Just. But still, John had
John lifted the corner of Sherlock’s Belstaff to shield his crotch from Mycroft’s view and moved aside.   Sherlock took the edge of his coat and scrunched it into his lap.  He blushed and apologised to Mycroft.  It was then that Mycroft realised that his brother had, indeed, got a stiffy in a government helicopter.
“Have you ever thought about joining the army, Sharan?” John asked.  “You’d be good.”
“Do I want to ask?” John grinned and pulled his gun from the back of his trousers. He reached into Sherlock’s coat pocket to retrieve his handcuffs.
The man climbed up the pole, gripped it with his thighs and threw his torso backwards.  He slid down slowly. The friction of spandex against metal made a squeaky fart noise.
“I thought you might like one of your own,” Sherlock mumbled.  “We could have shared but that seems a bit, well, unhygienic.  This one can be programmed to your iPod, if you wanted to, of course.”  Sherlock realised he was gabbling and was silent as John ripped the foil free and opened the box.
Sherlock appeared in the doorway.   “What can I do?”  He took John’s phone from him and ended their call.
“With your gracious consent, I’ll take care of it,” Mycroft replied.  He withdrew a sheaf of papers from his pocket.  “I just need your signatures here and here.”  The woman squinted at the papers but signed them anyway.
John made a half-hearted attempt at crying again.
“Jase greeted customers, he refilled the condom bowls, he took the payments, gave people their invoices or receipts.  We’ve got bathrooms on each floor and a sauna and Jacuzzi on level three, so he used to change the towels, that’s what he were doing last night, when…”
“Let it go,” John whispered against the crown of Sherlock’s head. “It’s all alright now.”
“With our work, I think if either of us had a latex allergy, we’d notice. Aaron, especially, he’s not a very allergic-y, really.  Mind you, we’ve both been tested, and I’ll make sure we get tested regularly, so I think we’re in for the bare-bottoming, really.”
“See that’s the thing, Johnny boy, you’re very heteronormative in your ideas. You’ve got to come to terms with the fact that you’re just freaking out because you’ve finally accepted you’re in love with Sherlock.”
“I wanted to taste.”  Sherlock tilted his neck, dipped his head and licked John’s scrotum.
Rosie began to cry harder.  She reached out to her father, who raised an arm to her.  “Addeee,” she sobbed.
“Yes,” John begged. “God, Sherlock, yes, yes.” More and more of Sherlock’s hand disappeared inside John.
“Mr Drake,” Sherlock said. He sat on the coffee table in front of Nathan. “Good people get into trouble with bad people all the time. If there’s one thing I’ve learned in my career, it’s that bad things happen to good people.  It’s our job to look after them.  That’s what we are doing. If we can stop the people who want to hurt them, Mr and Mrs Tyler can continue their lives as normal.”
“He could do it. It would not bother him.”
John glanced over at Sherlock.
Murphy moaned.  “Gonna break you,” he growled out.  “Take it.”
“Tell me you decked at least one of the bastards who jumped you.”
Mycroft’s private room at the Diogenes was dark. It smelled of stale smoke and polished wood.  Sherlock had noticed some crumbs on a tea plate within 0.8 seconds.
“I wanted to tell you how grateful we are for your assistance at this time when we’re seeking to extricate Britain from the European Union,” she said.  “I asked your brother, Mylord, if he could suggest a way in which we could show you our appreciation.  He suggested I ask you directly. So here we are.”
“A lot of the boys like different ones,” Simon said.  “Some are better than others for use with toys and that.  But, as a general rule, we always use Coco de Mer
“Yes, love, yes,” John whined, and whine turned into a cry, and the cry turned into a roar. He wasn’t sure what it was about the sound that did it for Sherlock, but he came again, even though it made it feel like his penis was being yanked by a rhinoceros. And, finally, the two men collapsed in a sweaty heap.
“In the bed, in the pit.” The man lost consciousness.
Tacked to the walls were paper signs with the words “Manager’s office” and hand-drawn arrows.    Sherlock and John simply followed the arrows and, as they did, they started to detect a tell-tale smell.  Sherlock hastened his movements.  The office was locked but, with John and Sherlock’s combined efforts, they forced the door.  Inside, at his desk, sat the body of Peter Matthews.  His head was tilted at an awkward angle, his skin was pasty grey and his arms hung limply from his shoulders.
“I’ll make sure of it, Mr Holmes,” Langridge agreed.  “I want my club open again as soon as possible.  That makes you and your insufferable questions a necessary evil.”
“And once Fabian met Daniels, he found the one he loved, and you couldn’t save him either,” Sherlock added.  “It must have killed you to know he loved someone so cruel.”
“Sadly, they don’t do quite as much for your bank account.”
Sherlock and John finally get it on. Sexy times ensue and love is all around.  Later, John gets a touch of parent guilt and then later still, the loved-up duo go interview Fabian Bouchard. He is not a happy man.
“Bugger the stairs.”
“I love you.” Sherlock’s eyes glittered in the dark.  “I’m still not entirely used to the fact that I can say that.  I never thought that would happen.”
“Get on your hands and knees.”
John inhaled sharply and then let out his breath slowly. “Okay. I mean, I’ve wanted you for years. I don’t think the spunk had anything to do with it. But, okay.”
“Lube.” John stuck out his tongue and licked the back of his own hand. “Lube’s brilliant and everything, but why does it have to taste like that? Uerch.”
“Piero sent me a text message.  He’s given me the name of someone his manager named as a shareholder.  Would you care to guess?”
“Monsieur Bouchard!” Charles Langridge walked across the foyer.  “That is hardly acceptable language for reception.”
“Right.  Well, he’ll be here in half an hour.  I’ve arranged it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  John couldn’t discern if he looked a little embarrassed too?  The room was too dark to tell if his skin was flushed.  John smiled, and Sherlock met his eye.  The air crystallised around them for a moment. Everything stopped, just for a second.
“That’s your own fault. If you’re going to do that to my prostate then I will explode.”
“I never thought I’d be able to tell you that I love you,” John replied. “That way, anyway.” John let his fingers barely brush Sherlock’s skin.  “I like it.”
John shrugged. His body made its demands clear and it didn’t involve food. “’Kay,” he agreed in the end. Dr Marshall removed Sherlock’s drips and made her apologies. Her place in the room was swiftly replaced by a muscular porter called Jacob. John started to lift the covers, but Jacob halted his movements.
. “My last boyfriend, Peter, used to fuck himself with a dildo to get ready. He had three in different sizes. He used to make me watch. It was like torture.
“Which member of the Cabinet demanded that it be reopened regardless of the destruction of evidence?”
“Can’t say I do.  What’s his name?”
“Ugh.” Sherlock waved his hand in front of his face.  “Whenever.  I spoke to your…” Sherlock stopped abruptly.   “Lestrade. We have to speak to Simon today.”
As the week that John was in hospital progressed, Sherlock relaxed more.   The papers Mycroft had brought in were signed and returned.  It didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock that the papers made John very happy indeed.  As for Sherlock, he was quietly relieved.  In fact, by the time John returned home, all the staff called Sherlock Rosie’s daddy. John did not seem to mind.
The stresses of the day had been hard on Rosie and she grizzled until she finally fell into a deep sleep.  Sherlock unpacked a little, then sat down and watched her as she snuggled into the soft sheets on her temporary bed.  Sherlock wasn’t sure when she’d become an essential to his life.   She and John were often the first thing he thought of when he awoke and the last before he slept.  He was excited by the thought of teaching her, playing with her, being with her.  Her life was his pleasure; to be a part of it seemed as essential to his well-being as taking each breath.  When was the moment that Rosie became a component of what made him Sherlock Holmes?
John frowned a little but then smiled. “Good. Now, would you like me to continue what I was doing?”
They sat in a grey interview room. Fibonacci had arrived at New Scotland Yard from prison and sat with them accompanied by a lone police officer. At Lestrade’s request, Sally Donovan observed the meeting behind the two-way mirror.
“This looks cosy.” Even Donovan hadn’t failed to notice that Fabian was holding Sherlock and John’s hands. “Shall I take you in to see the body?”
“Are you at the surgery tomorrow?”  Sherlock asked as he walked through the bathroom door.
John made it to the door before Fabian pulled him back.  “You’re not decent, monsieur Watson.”  John pulled the condom from his cock with a snap and tied the end.  Fabian took it from him and John found his jeans.  He dressed, grabbed his jacket and opened the door.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. He wondered if he’d been quite this peculiar last time he recovered from an anaesthetic.  “I think you should focus on getting better now,” he told John.  “Everything else can wait.”   The nurse made her escape.
“We’ve been helping with Piero’s defence,” Sherlock replied.  “We think he’s innocent and we were given several names to ask about. Tyler was one, purely because of his involvement in the management of Doubles.  We doubt that Tyler realistically has anything to do with it.  However, we must do due diligence.”
Sherlock stood and took the tiny step he needed to be directly in front of John. He took John’s face in his hands and gave him a kiss. Its gentleness spoke of love. The softness of Sherlock’s mouth said he’d listened. The gentle push of Sherlock’s tongue against John’s lips told him that he was comforted by John’s words. The way Sherlock tilted his head and deepened the kiss communicated that his body and soul belonged to John. The very feel of the kiss promised John that Sherlock would forever care for him and for his child. And the way Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and pulled him closer told John countless other things that words simply couldn’t say.
“What’s the emergency?”
“Said the man who likes to have my cock up his arse,” Sherlock replied.
“Sherlock?” John asked as he made lunch.  “Why are you okay with people seeing us make love or, at least, fake it?  You’ve mentioned you fantasizing about me in the bed pit.  Does this turn you on?”
Lesley Shaw and Mark Tyler’s home was a contemporary mansion, probably built in the last few years, John surmised. It was all sandy bricks and forbidding gates. Inside, the floors were polished wood and the walls were various shades of beige.  The whole house looked like it had been pulled out of an interior design magazine.
Abruptly, a ringing noise sounded. Sherlock raised the remote and the door clicked open. Dr Marshall entered the room. She couldn’t help but be blasted by the hormones, or the smell of sex in the air, but she didn’t show it for a second.
“Shit, you haven’t come, have you?” Concern. “Got any more condoms?”
“There’s Jack Daniels or Teachers?” the barman asked.
Sherlock slipped his hand between John’s legs, buttocks and in.  The tight channel was wet with spunk and lube and the sphincter muscle spasmed around his fingers.
arrange it and you will
“Look here,” John said, running gloved fingers over Brandon’s neck.  “Acute urticaria.  This is an allergic reaction.”
“His name was Bertie,” Sherlock said. His brain had decided, now it’d thought about Bertie, to talk about him too. Still, if not coming immediately was the issue John thought it was, maybe the odd thought about Bertie Stibbons might help. “He was a snobbish, arrogant moron who had the most fantastic cock.”
Sherlock sucked John’s fingers even as he pulled them slowly from his mouth with a filthy pop. “John Watson,” he replied. He planted his hands firmly on John’s hips and encouraged him into a more regular rhythm. “Every time.”
John let out a mirthless laugh.  “If Sherlock ever wants a relationship, it needs to be with someone who can devote themselves to him.  Love, sex, all of that, it’ll be hard for him.  He needs someone better than me to go through that with him.  Someone who doesn’t have Rosie and everything.”
“Daniels had been a loose cannon for months. He liked to drug boys to have sex with them. Thomas was a mistake. He manipulated others to take the blame. He did it.”
“Some French geezer.”
“Maybe I should have realised, what with you fucking off with my witnesses and taking Tyler’s wife into protective custody out of my control.  I admit, I was slow on the uptake. I thought all that was to do with Daniels being involved.  Not that you disabused me of that notion, you complete turd.  I even told you all about our little sting… Oh for fuck’s sake. What circle of special police hell do they burn you in for watching a Europol agent fuck a French druggie up the arse in some posh-wankers’ boy-brothel? Sorry, John.”
“Nice,” John replied. “I think that might be only the third time I’ve ever heard you swear.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever eaten the bath before,” Sherlock mused.  “Although I have been high in the bath a few times and you can never tell. I once ate crisps out of a shoe when the bag ripped.”
“John, John,” Sherlock intoned and he nudged John’s head with his own. Sherlock’s knot had formed already and was desperate for entrance. He started to stroke John faster. Despite his arousal, Sherlock’s mind flitted to remember that he may never have bedded John had he not taken the advice of a stranger. “God, John, I wanted you so much. That’s why I did it. I needed you, John. You have to understand.”
Sherlock whimpered. He took a banana from the fruit-bowl and attempted to peel it without taking his eyes from the vision of John rocking back and forth on his knees, pushing the dildo in and out of his arse. John’s backside and thighs glistened, and he made a quiet but throaty noise each time his arse swallowed the toy.
“Well, if I’m to take charge during out night in the blackout room, then I think I ought to give it a go in advance.”  John dropped to all fours on the bed and crawled towards Sherlock.
Sherlock stared at the body. He walked back into the office, pulled some latex gloves from his pocket and pulled at Matthews’ collar.   “Look,” he said. The ligature marks were thin but clearly visible.
Sherlock got up at ten. He walked into the kitchen. No John. No John’s laptop. Rosie’s high chair was folded and stacked in the corner but her favourite toys were gone. Sherlock climbed the stairs to John and Rosie’s room. Empty.  Rosie’s cot was still there and some of hers and John’s clothes were still in the wardrobe.  He wondered how long was a while.
“Leave it to me,” Mycroft interrupted.  “That is, if you were unsure, an order. I can add threats of violence if necessary.”
“Sounds fair,” Sherlock replied. He didn’t tell John he wasn’t sure if he had the strength to carry the takeaway upstairs, let alone lift him out of the bath. But, hell, Sherlock
Sherlock, John and Rosie were in the car and heading back to Baker Street when Molly texted.  Sherlock rerouted the car to Bart’s.
Herein are a lot of facts and figures about member's fees at Langridge's. Don't worry about them, there won't be a quiz later.  They're there to show you what class of people are attending, so to speak.
“Daniels has been arrested. I assume you’ve been told? Candlar and Bouchard too.”
“Those silly things that mean that you don’t have to break into places?” John clambered down.  He stretched out his back and rolled his head on his shoulders.  “We’re not getting any younger, you know.”
Sherlock washed John slowly.  He massaged his way down John’s back until he reached the crack of his arse.  John leant forward in an unmistakable invitation. Sherlock swept soapy fingers down into the cleft of John’s backside.  When his fingers skirted his hole, John pushed back until Sherlock’s forefinger entered him.
Sherlock led them in the direction of Donovan, but before they reached her Fabian ran over and threw his arms around John’s neck.
“Not the first time.”
John could feel pinpricks at the back of his eyes.   He remembered the first time he’d walked into their home after Mary died and the way the silence tormented him. If it hadn’t for Rosie, he’d never have gone back.  His misguided rage at Sherlock, no matter how wrong, had helped him to get through each day more than he could ever admit.
Sherlock frantically chewed the last bite of banana and resolved to drink his tea whether it burned his tongue or not. He paused at John’s cry and looked up to see him shoot semen across the kitchen floor.
John worked the vibrator against Sherlock’s prostate with hard and then soft pressure. Heat spread from the spot, wrapped around Sherlock’s groin and his balls tightened. All Sherlock heard was the obscene wet slap of his body in and against John’s, the earlier release and lubricant being fucked in and out spilling over their bodies.
“Dull,” Sherlock intoned.   “Try again.”
“Ready,” Sherlock agreed. John eased his hips back slowly and then, as if his control had already ceased, he drove back in fast and deep.  “Yes, John.” Sherlock tensed as John’s cock found just the right spot. “There, again, please, again.” Sherlock was rewarded with another slow drag out and another deep, accurate thrust in. “I’ve wanted you to fuck me for so long. So long. Yes! Yes!” John rocked against that point of pleasure, and Sherlock grabbed and clutched any part of John he could reach. “It’s terrific, John. Your cock is perfect, perfect. Oh, yes, harder, John, please.”
“Bees. Right. So, all of that is fine. Absolutely fine. Do you want to bond on this heat or later down the line?” John suddenly cupped his penis. He squeezed a little and grunted with relief.
“I’m bleeding on you,” Sherlock replied. “And I feel a bit lightheaded.”
“Candlar’s been brought in for questioning,” Mycroft said.  He dabbed at a vomit stain on his tie, a souvenir from Rosie. “The important thing is to capture anyone else involved in the crime.  Tell me about your suspects.”
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading.  Needless to say, the remaining cock-ups are courtesy of moi.
“Well, when you and Rosie move back up here…”
It was a simple move to raise one of John’s legs a little higher but its impact was remarkable.
As gently as he could, Sherlock eased his teeth from John’s neck, then laved over the wound, cleaning it with his tongue.  He wrapped one arm around John while he gripped the headboard with the other.
“Indeed.”
.  He should have thought.  He’d put money on Sherlock’s involvement; it was just John’s pure dumb fucking luck.  “Call Sherlock.  Tell him to bring me some clothes.  Tell him what happened.  Tell him to have a cup of tea with Fabian. Do whatever you like.” John looked up.  Mycroft did not look smug. He looked sad.  He nodded over John’s head to a tall man in good suit.
“He does have very sensitive nipples though,” John said. He wiped his face and gave Sherlock’s nipple a tweak.  Sherlock jumped.  John looked down. “Is that a phone in your pocket or..?”
“If you insist,” Sherlock said. “Though the app doesn’t always know the same words I do.”
Sherlock stepped towards John, eyes closed.  He focused on a few deep breaths.  Arousal increased respiration rates, but this was ridiculous.  When he opened his eyes again, John was sitting on the bed.
“We’re investigating two murders,” Sherlock said. He wiped away his tears. The sham was over.  “We discovered that the people who seemed to have the most to gain from the two deaths would be the owners of this place.  Thoughts?”
“Fucking fuckity-fuckbags!” Sherlock yelled. He paused. Someone was in the flat. He took a quick peek around the door. It was John. “Oh, it’s you.”
“Oh, you feel so good,” Nathan moaned.  “I want you, John. I can’t stop myself.”
“I’m not sure this will stay in if you’re not on your front,” Sherlock observed.
John’s teeth grazed Sherlock’s lower lip then sucked the swollen flesh as he came in hot splashes between their bodies. Immediately, Sherlock’s fingers were in the mess, smearing it over his belly and his chest. But John plucked one hand from the wetness and looked at the white glossy coating.
“Are you doing all the hard work tonight, then?”  John asked rhetorically as Sherlock thrust against him achingly slowly. There was only just enough friction and it was already maddening.
John sat back.  The shock of before gave way to warmth that glowed in his chest.  He sat and luxuriated in it for a moment. Then, he went to see Mrs Hudson.
, look at you.
“How about we pretend that I’m giving you a blow job?” John suggested.
“Of course,” Sherlock answered. He picked up his phone and ordered Chicken Bhuna, Murgh Bemisal, mushroom rice, pilau rice and Kingfisher beer. He and John had already discussed the benefits of foods that aided digestive transit without too much pain and medium-hot curry had ended up on top of the list. Sherlock walked through to his bedroom and changed into his pyjamas. He’d taken a shower before they’d left the ABO Health Centre; the baths were purely for comfort’s sake. If his had to wait until the morning, he decided it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. He picked up John’s laptop and checked his emails.
“You need sleep,” Sherlock murmured against John’s skin. “Might a short distraction help?”
“Suddenly everyone’s nice to me just because I want to kill the little one.” Daniels looked at the blond-haired child.  It was amazing how people could be disguised these days.  The agent lapsed into apparent unconsciousness. The little girl began to cry.
“What’s happened to the drug route now Daniels is out of the picture?” Sherlock asked.
“Um, just before you let me in, they said eight minutes.”
“It is pitch black in there, you know,” Donovan replied.  “Not to mention the fact that no one but you and John are…”
John walked Dr Marshall to the door and locked it behind her. He turned to look at Sherlock, who watched him with cool, blue eyes.
John laughed.  “You should be on the stage, Mycroft.  You really are very funny.”
“She’s staying with no-one,” Sherlock replied.  Mycroft wore aftershave and his best cufflinks. He carried his showiest umbrella. They were going somewhere official.
Simon tutted.  “It’s really up to the client to decide on what terms and when they see you, Fabian.  John and Sherlock are very busy people, especially right now.”
“A miscalculation. On Mary’s part. Pregnancy. Hormones. Heat. A mistake.” John closed his eyes and shook his head. This had all gone dreadfully wrong. Sherlock put a hand on John’s arm.
John smiled. He went to the cupboard, took out two glasses and filled them with water from the tap. He walked into the living room and passed Sherlock a glass before he sat and sipped his own.  Sherlock glared at John through his eyelashes and even eyebrows from the depth of his frown.
“So, I’ve been thinking about what I can do to manage my heat,” John said. Sherlock took a subtle inhale; John’s heat was three or so weeks away yet.
“John,” Sherlock replied. He smiled and gave John a chaste kiss. “Let me show you love.” He kissed John briefly as he rocked towards him.  Each rolling thrust was accompanied by a gentle kiss.
“I remember that,” Sherlock said. His eyes were squeezed shut tight. He was so, so close. He reached down and grasped John’s buttocks to pull him closer. “I remember. You left after that.”
“Indeed,” Tyler added.  “Though Cox was doing little more than low-level drug dealing.”
Sherlock nodded. He still looked unconvinced. John dipped his head and teased a nipple with his lips, teeth and tongue.  He swept downwards and stroked Sherlock’s inner thighs and lower belly.
“You’re too fucking good at that.” John tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “I can’t believe you’re mine. How did I get this lucky?” Sherlock’s hand cradled and tugged John’s balls, which made John moan so loudly he worried that everyone else in the health centre heard him.
John slithered down their bodies to the mess on Sherlock's tummy. He dipped his tongue into their combined releases and closed his eyes. He pulled a face. Not a good one.
“We all do it!” Bailey replied.
“Sherlock, people are being killed. If Fabian isn’t right for this he isn’t. Don’t try and manipulate him into it. Please.”  John wanted to explain that he couldn’t take more of Fabian’s drama, but he stopped himself.  Sherlock had told him to convince Fabian, not put him off.
“I can’t see why I have to come with you, Sherlock,” John said for the fifth time. Even he was bored of his own voice.  “You’re far better at disguises than I am.”
“Before you slept with a man who looked like me because you wanted to hit this instead?”  Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“Consider me seduced.” Sherlock backed John up against the bed and they fell in a heap. “God, I want you.”
“Thank God,” John said. He was visibly relieved. He also, visibly, appraised Sherlock from his bare feet and charcoal trousers up to his silky dressing gown and black shirt. “I need to talk.”
“We’ll call,” Sherlock said.  He took the keys.
Sherlock smiled. “Is that all?”
“No,” John replied.  “Saw something. Dunno what.”  His voice was cut off by another shower of glass. This time, the projectile was clear since the brick was tangled in the curtains.  Sherlock grabbed it, read the note tied to it and turned it towards John. “’Drop the case’,” he read aloud.  “Do you think this is from the Marquês?” John asked Sherlock.
“My brother sent us here, John,” Sherlock said. “I hate to give him credit for anything, but if he sent us here it’s the best and most reputable place for us to be. We’re probably less likely to be filmed here than we are at Baker Street.”
“Of course it’s okay,” Sherlock snapped.  He sat up.  Even in the dark, John could see Sherlock’s heartbeat thud in his neck.  John reached out a hand.  “Stop fussing.”  Sherlock got out of the bed, stomped across the bedroom and out of the door.
“Jean, I am so happy to see you,” Bouchard buried his face against John’s neck.  “I am so scared, Jean. Who will be next?  Can you protect me?”  Sherlock watched and scowled.
“Is that an issue?” John asked. “Have I overstepped the mark? Shit. I mean, look, if this is going to make things awkward between us, Sherlock, then I’ll withdraw my offer and we’ll continue as we were. You’re my first choice, but if you’re not happy…”
“Hey.” John slowed.  “Don’t disappear into your head.  Tell me what you need.”  Sherlock shook his head.   He bit his lip because he didn’t trust his voice to speak.   John leant forward until only the tip of Sherlock’s cock was inside him. He tilted his head.  “Overload?”
“Just before we came,” Sherlock replied. “It was of adequate firmness I expect. Would you like to know anything else about it?”
“Agreed,” Sherlock said. “Anything else?”
John reached between their bodies and grasped the two fake cocks.  “Feel good?” he said at normal volume. It reminded Sherlock that he had to act too, and he moaned his assent.
“We go see your friend, Fabian.”
“Nothing official.  What about your sources?”  Mycroft raised an eyebrow. The two brothers looked at each other. A Mexican standoff. Mycroft knew Sherlock had connections in the drug world and he knew Sherlock wouldn’t give them up to him. Mycroft
John smiled.
John choked on his tea.
“You know, I don’t know what I’d’ve done without you when I got ill,” John started.  “It seems like a hundred years ago, but I was so worried before my appendicitis that I had to convince that you should be with me and Rosie.  When that happened, you just dealt with it, automatically.  I didn’t need to worry in the first place. I think you’d’ve always been there for us in practice, even if talking about it made you squirm.”
Sherlock nodded again.   Before he turned off the light, the darkness crept in, even in his room where pictures and polished furniture refracted the light from the street below into fractured slivers.  The past was coming back to haunt Sherlock.  All he could hope was that it didn’t swallow John too.
Sherlock grinned.  “I found your wife as hard to deduce as Mary. I mean, Rosamund.”
“As in Jamie from Langridge’s?”  John asked.  He started to clean the porridge off Rosie’s face with a baby wipe.”
“And what were Jason’s duties at the brothel?”  Sherlock put his fingertips together and turned his gaze to John.  The two men focused only each other as Simon began to speak.
“You know, if anyone had told me I’d let you do that, I’d’ve told them to go get their fucking head read.” John lifted his arm behind his head and used his forearm as a pillow.
“I know who you are,” Daniels shouted. “I know Mycroft sent you.  They’re framing me.  They’re all framing me. Candlar and the hooker and the dead ones, they want you to think I did it.  I won’t let them.”   Daniel’s text message alert went off.  He plucked his phone from his pocket with shaking fingers.
John chuckled. “Pretty sure it is.”
A MINOR WARNING: For rough sex between Fabian and Mark Tyler.  It's rough enough that John gets slightly concerned, but it's pretty tame stuff, really, and no one's hurt.  Personally speaking, pain makes me utterly furious and, as a result, I find it very hard to involve it in sex, even on the page.
John raised a hand and stroked Sherlock’s cheek. “You’re nothing like the monster cock.” Sherlock giggled. John did too. “I can’t believe you’ve made me laugh about the monster cock.”
Sherlock giggled again.
“Do it,” said Reality.
“Do you want a cuppa, before you go?”  John stood, desperate to stop the whole conversation.  He pressed his fingertips into his eye sockets until he saw grey mist.  When he took his hand away, Simon was gone.
Lestrade gave Sherlock one of those looks.  Sherlock glanced at the list. Fabian Bouchard.
“Indeed,” Sherlock agreed.  “We’ll ask Charles Langridge about this.  Useful for us, though.  Not that you can see much from the main room.”  Sherlock pointed at the central monitor. Apart from a tiny sliver of light glinting from what John assumed was the sex swing, it was impossible to see anything but darkness.  “We’ll certainly need the night vision cameras.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. She had the good grace to blush before she walked out of the room.  Sherlock noted that her Louboutins were fake.
Sherlock wondered if he threw himself on the floor this would all end.  He thought maybe an anal fissure was growing as he sat there. He wondered if it was possible to die of anal fissures.
“I’m sure she will. We just need to wait.  Don’t you think?”
“And what sort of amounts of drugs do we think we’re looking at?” Lestrade asked.  “I don’t want to be a cock, but the National Crime Agency and the Drugs Squad are going to want in on this.”
“Okay?”  John’s voice was barely a murmur between kisses.  “Are you going to get on my lap?”
