,” he whirled around, gripping the Dry-Erase pen so tight, his knuckles were white. “I was their father when theirs abandoned them.” He lowered his head, as if ashamed. “I do not enjoy causing you pain, Violet. I still consider you a trusted colleague and a great lady. It was your sons,
“Very good, sir,” Toller gave a slight bow then turned to go back into the house. John detected a strong scent of rum when the PA walked past him.
“Alec Fairbairn? Why does that name sound familiar?” John wondered out loud.
give you a divorce.”
John smiled, “This isn’t my first dance, miss. Your real name, please.”
Sometimes he
!” His face flushed again, two hot pink spots on his cheeks. “Not to mention that titian hair. I
Mitton opened the door to the back seat for them. Sherlock actually let Violet get in first then he folded himself up inside. He gave Mitton directions to the Animal Hospital where Gladstone had been taken. “Brief visit, to assure you Stone is indeed recovering fine,” he told her, digging his mobile out of his pocket, skimming through his texts. “Otherwise you will fret all night.”
Victor waited. He had known this difficult, luminous man for well over ten years now. Better to let him take his time when things got a bit emotional.
“Don’t,” Sherlock’s voice was a harsh and wounded thing. A fox cornered by hounds, a rabbit in a snare. “Don’t touch her.”
Drawing his mobile out of his pocket, he rang for his driver, “I need to go to the office, at once.”
Brother Morris watched in horror as the man who had been guarding Chibs before Sherlock dragged him to the floor grabbed his gut in horror, groaning and falling to his knees as blood dribbled out of his mouth.
Holy Peters blinked in confusion. As he tilted his head to study John, a streak of crimson, viscous blood oozed down from the hole in his forehead then crawled down the side of his nose and over his lips.
Since she had spoken in Swedish not English he wasn’t entirely certain what she said. He had never gotten around learning Swedish fluently, just enough to scrape by.
“Not a compliment,” Sherlock grumbled. Then burst out, “Well, what are you waiting for, a written invitation? Where is the entrance to the Catacombs?”
called you, didn’t she Clara?” Sherlock keyed in a series of a numbers. There was a buzzing sound. Sherlock grabbed the door handle but it didn’t budge, “Crumpets.”
“How did you make yourself look so shitty?”
Sherlock’s head snapped up, “Really?”
It had been a long miserable journey, but she was
Lisbeth was so small she could tuck herself onto the floor in front of the passenger seat. She knelt in front of her laptop, as she took out her handgun, turning the safety off. She placed the gun next to the laptop for easy access as she opened two more screens. She had also wired two cameras to the van so they had eyes all around them. She had one ear-bud in so she could still listen to Sherlock while she watched the three screens on the monitors and Rat Boy also maintained visual as well.
“Why?”
So he held onto his detached façade for dear life as he reached out to shake Heathcliff’s hand. “Likewise,” he said calmly. “Give your father my regards. Heard he was ill. Shame.”
Violet reached over to him, picked off a piece of fluff on his jacket sleeve then unbuttoned another one of his shirt buttons and gave him a wicked look. “Let’s make your ex cry about the day he left you.”
“How dare you!” Lady Trelawney-Hope howled.
“Plus you are a selfish little cow who didn’t want your Mummy and Daddy to find out you had worked at an escort service to make ends meet,” Sherlock pointed out. “As it would only give them more ammunition in their battle to convince you that you’re not a very good actress and you won’t be able to make a living at it.”
“Stuff your apologies,” Sherlock said crudely.
But it wasn’t the scar that destroyed him though. True, it was ugly, but he wasn’t that vain. The nerve damage which rendered his left hand, his dominant hand, utterly unpredictable was what undid him, effectively and decisively ending his surgical and military career, shattering his self-worth, making him a statistic as he pretended to listen to his therapist while idly wondering if today was the day he should put his gun barrel in his mouth…
“Try to keep up,” Trager muttered back as he pushed the motorcycle towards Sherlock.
Lestrade ran his hand over his face. “That man is a walking public affairs disaster. OK,” he nodded. “Thanks for the head’s up. We knew the shit was going to hit the fan when we went over his head when we got those-” he made the obnoxious quotation marks symbols with his fingers “- ‘Anonymous tips’ connecting Persephone Ltd and Westaways. He shouldn’t have called you that though. Go, make your complaint. Then run home and pack a bag and get your ass on the first plane to Helston.”
“You’re obviously busy. I’m disturbing you.”
But of course, Heathcliff wouldn’t let go, would never let go. He ran his thumb in circles over Sherlock’s hand. “That’s very kind of you, thank you. He’s not just ill. He’s dying. I’m the Earl of Winchester now all but in name.”
. Sherlock had a child. Sherlock… a dad.
“Excellent news,” Sherlock boomed. “Now, shall we start with the physical? I have work to do and need to be assured my transport is in order. It’s…” he rubbed the bullet-hole scar. “Taken quite a bit of abuse over the past few years as apparently falling off a building and being shot can be detrimental to one’s health.”
It wasn’t about making someone beg for mercy, as the Woman mistakenly believed.
You love my sarcasm…
“Present company excluded, right?” Green quipped.
Now both Mycroft’s eyebrows shot up. “I see,” he steepled his fingertips in unconscious imitation of his younger brother. “And what, precisely, are you offering me?”
She wondered if she could coax Sherlock into turning up the thermostat or at the very least, starting a fire. The kindling was ready in the fireplace, it just needed a match.
Seeing her flushed cheeks and watering eyes, Mary had gently asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Out,” Sherlock commanded everyone in the cramped flat.
Mary nodded, clung to Violet for a moment more, then withdrew. ”Sorry,” she dabbed at her eyes with the back of her hand.
“Oh yes, Heathcliff told me about his run-in with William. He assured me nothing happened. They made small talk on a busy London street.”
Violet rolled her eyes. “The wedding has to be believable. That kind of planning takes time. The only thing Sherlock and I agree on with is that neither one of us would tolerate a church wedding. I’m still trying to get him to understand we have to do a little more than sign a piece of paper in front of a magistrate, we have to have some sort of celebration afterwards.” When Mycroft furrowed his brow in confusion, Violet rolled her eyes heavenward again. “So we can leak pictures to the press.”
As she watched Sherlock struggling to take care of his cuts, she vaguely remembered him waking her up to drink a bottle of water and to eat something. She wasn’t even sure what she ate. Could have been an apple, could have been a potato. She had numbly followed his orders and dropped back off into sleep again.
Anthea immediately holstered her gun. She hurried to Mycroft’s side. Other than Mycroft’s private physicians, only she and Mitton knew how badly he had been injured in the car wreck outside the Holmes’ country estates.
“I’m Tony,” the bald, tattooed man said by way of introduction as he led John, Sherlock and Dupin from the back down a narrow hallway. “Came here in ’98 for an overseas student program when I was in college and never went back,” he added with a laugh. “Decided restaurants and bars were more fun than finance law.”
Mycroft betrayed his nervousness by adjusting his necktie even though he said blandly enough, “And what is the beastie’s problem?”
“Dr. Watson is also a decorated war hero,” Sherlock  used that slithering, whispering voice of his that only came out when he was dangerously angry. “He’s been a doctor longer than you’ve been alive-”
“My family, we are trendy people,” Rucastle said while Toller sauntered off to mix two martinis. “Trendy but good-hearted. ‘If you were asked to wear any dress which we might give you, you would not object to our little whim. Heh?’”
daughter too.
He immediately scanned the room, taking everything in at once. Even in the dim light, he could see that John had neatly packed up all their things. Their luggage was next to the door, ready to go at a moment’s notice. The television was off, but John’s iPhone was on, tinny music playing through the tiny speakers, some generic alt-rock song, something for background noise.
“Your source, your mysterious source who you won’t bother to tell us who it is, told you that you needed to go to the
not an English roast beef smothered in some heavy sauce or gravy. But a steak from a corn-fed steer, grilled to perfection with a light dash of A-1 sauce, washed down by a crisp light beer that was ice-cold, not a room-temperature ale.
As Violet snorted, Sherlock scowled, “This is the thanks I receive for coming to fetch you.”
“I just hate weddings,” Sherlock muttered, stomping out the dropped cig then reached into his jacket pocket, producing a packet of cigarettes and a lighter. “You’re reading too much into things, my dear Violet. Sometimes,” he shook the pack and popped a cig into his mouth. “A cigar is just a cigar.”
8:02 PM
Less than a minute after Magnussen left his presence, Mycroft bolted towards the nearest lavatory. He had washed his face vigorously. Then after nearly scrubbing his hands raw, he had texted Anthea and ordered her to set up an emergency meeting with all the department heads of MI-6.
As she ran her hands up and down his body, he reached up and threaded his fingers through her hair. Tilted her head back and lavished kisses up and down her throat, nipped her earlobe before tracing the delicate shell of her ear with the very tip of his tongue. As she inhaled sharply and writhed beneath him, he smiled. Then he found her lips again, greedily kissing her as he began to rock his hips in rhythm with hers. One of her legs slipped off his back, but she kept the other one hooked solidly around his waist. She clung to him, gripping his inside out grey T-shirt as tightly as she could with both hands, like she had no intention of ever letting him go…
The best example of “Tonypandy” would be the perception of King Richard III, which also was the mystery Alan Grant tried to solve in the story of The Daughter of Time; whether or not if Richard III really was responsible of the murder of the two Princes in the Tower. History has shown that Richard III most likely was not behind the strange disappearance of the two royal boys. But, to this day, some still view Richard III the hunchbacked villain because of the Shakespearean play. However, my guess is that Shakespeare wrote Richard III as a bad guy mostly to suck up to Elizabeth the Virgin Queen. It was her grandfather who usurped the throne from Richard III, after all. I’m assuming our old buddy Will enjoyed breathing, so OF COURSE he would describe the last King of York as "rudely stamp'd" and "deformed, unfinish'd"!
commiserate then – SH
“Shall I switch to Shel Silverstein?” John asked, his silvery-blonde brows crinkling in concern. “Or Roald Dahl?”
For a long time, she had also blamed herself for the apparent suicide of Sherlock Holmes. While she had been forced to live on the other side of the law, she did “freelance work” for the True IRA. Her contact “Ciaran” wanted her to spy on Sherlock Holmes because he was a pressure point for the
“Do you wear your hair long now because you’re the girl in the relationship?” Mycroft said acerbically, taking a cigarette but taking out his own lighter.
“I don’t know if I should be pleased or offended,” Irene purred. Leaning forward, smiling wickedly now, she asked, “But enough about
William, always small for his age, looked positively tiny now. His plaid pyjamas were far too large for him. His curls stuck up riotously, he needed a haircut but wouldn’t let anyone near enough to cut his hair. He hiccoughed and shrank away from his father, clutching a blue teddy bear and a sheet of creamy paper closer to him. It was a ridiculous toy, the teddy bear. It was meant to be a joke since it was called “Grumpy Bear” and had a giant thundercloud on its tummy. William’s nanny Rose had bought it for him as a laugh since she called him “Stormcrow” and “Grumpy Boy.” But he had clung to it the way a much younger child would hold onto a cuddly toy he was afraid would be taken away from him.
“I’ve asked Sherlock to move in while I recover,” he said. “Which was a colossally bad idea because we still can’t figure out how to act around each other.”
John walked Sherlock to the door, their hands entwined. Just as Mycroft said, there was a black car waiting on the street. He wanted to smash it to pieces.
John’s face leaning closer to his is the last thing Sherlock sees when the dream fades and the real world comes back to greet him. He’s fallen asleep on the couch again, too tired to make it to his room, and his hand is dangling off the side. He feels sore, and he curses himself for letting it happen. It will make working harder later today.
“Yep.”
With a shake of his head, Sherlock walked past him and into the kitchen. “Molly will be here in three and a half minutes. I promise I will behave myself until she gets here.” John could hear Sherlock’s footsteps retreat down the hallway until they were swallowed up by his bedroom door shutting.
“Are you sure you’d be comfortable with it?” he asked instead of agreeing like his heart was shouting at him to do.
“Morning, Papa! Merry Christmas!”
“You’ll call Molly?” he asked. John smiled and nodded.
“Does she need a bottle?” he asks, and John hearts sings.
John smiled fondly. “No. Of course not.”
“No,” John insists. “No, Sherlock, you can’t. You have to fight, okay? Fight for me.”
“Sherlock,” warned John. Sherlock sighed.
John realized it was unlikely that Sherlock would return within twenty-four hours. He didn’t know the details of the mission, but he knew enough, and it would probably take a few days. The thought made his stomach turn unpleasantly. Every day Sherlock was away from him meant another day Sherlock could be hurt. He was acutely aware of exactly how long Sherlock had been gone, like he had a clock ticking away in his brain, keeping track of the time.
“They’re nothing,” Sherlock said. “Don’t concern yourself with them.” He spoke in that detached way that John knew meant he was tucking his emotions away, never to be properly sorted through. He was familiar with the tactic. But they were better than that now. He couldn’t let Sherlock do that to himself.
“I’m sorry,” murmured Sherlock. “I didn’t mean to take so long.”
“Yes, well.” John cleared his throat. “Anyway. You created a plan all by yourself –”
Sherlock nodded and crossed over to him. John held his breath as Sherlock bent and nestled Rosie into his arm. This gave John a perfect view of Sherlock’s bare neck, unprotected by his scarf. The sight made John swallow harshly.
Fact: Sherlock was
only made it better.
“Yeah,” he said. “Just a moment.”
Sherlock grabbed his arm and tugged. “Not here.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, showing his comprehension, then he froze. John’s words sunk in, and his heart began to beat faster. No. No, he had to have misunderstood that. For a moment, it had sounded like John was alluding to his sexuality and implying that he wasn’t straight. It was a strong possibility. Sherlock wanted it to be true. He wanted to press and beg for an explanation.
He’d been worried about this for quite some time now, ever since he applied to be a counselor. Harry had been furious with him, but he thought it was an excellent idea. This way, he could keep a closer eye on her recovery while also learning some skills that could prove useful when he became a doctor.
That was when it hit me. But truthfully, I’d already suspected it. Because I think I’ve – well, I’ve felt this way for a very long time. I just didn’t know how to confront it.” John shrugged, a sad little gesture. “Like I said. Somewhere deep in my heart.”
Much love. <3
Sherlock looked down at Rosie. Her face was still hidden, so he could only see the top of her head. “That seems highly unlikely. I haven’t been around her enough for her to associate anything with my voice.”
“Not much longer,” Sherlock said, eyeing the sling. A heavy feeling settled in his gut. He had begun to associate the removal of the sling with his leaving John’s house, which made him feel guilty. John clearly wanted it off, and Sherlock wanted him to be happy. It was a good thing. It meant John was finally healed.
John had said it himself years ago. “Sherlock lives means John Watson lives.” It was still on the Internet for everyone to see. And it would never stop being true, because Sherlock Holmes was just as much a part of John as John’s own daughter was.
“John, don’t –”
Just after five, John kissed Rosie’s head and stood up. The three of them had been sitting on the floor and rolling a ball back and forth. Sherlock would have once thought it tedious, but Rosie’s delight made it fun.
“He is en route to the next puzzle,” Mycroft continued. “So right now, we don’t know where he is.”
Mycroft sighed, a heavy, exasperated thing. “What I have to say is important. Surely you can get over that for a few minutes.”
John laughed. Rosie peeked her head out from his chest and grinned. Sherlock automatically leaned over and brushed a large hand over her head. Those types of actions were becoming far too easy and frequent, yet he couldn’t find it in him to stop. It made him too happy.
John then became very aware of Sherlock’s eyes on him. Those piercing, mesmerizing eyes that didn’t seem to have a definite color but still knew how to make John’s knees weak. They were making them weak right now.
“I asked you here to help take care of her,” said John. “That’s what you did today. I don’t have a problem with it.”
“Well,” John huffed, “I’ll just make sure she has better role models for talking.” He glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. “She might end up saying ‘idiot’ and ‘obvious’ too much, but you could be a worthy candidate.”
“They still haunt you.” He didn’t phrase it like a question because he didn’t need to. He already knew.
“I thought you might be,” Mycroft said smoothly, apparently not surprised that Sherlock had answered John’s phone. “But this is something that really cannot wait.”
“Because you mean a lot to me,” he replied. “If I’m being honest – which I’m supposed to do now – the only person in this world who means more to me than you is Rosie. So, yeah, I want to know more about you. If you really don’t want to tell me, I’ll live, but I’ll be disappointed.”
However, when the next day rolled around and the other boys in his cabin stumbled off to breakfast, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to join them. It wasn’t unusual for him to skip meals (He’d skipped all of them the day before, after all), but this was different. The air around him felt heavy. Moving took too much effort. It was easier to just stay in bed and count all the different poisons he knew off the top of his head.
Sherlock nodded, and John couldn’t tell if he was disappointed or relieved. “She probably needs to be changed, since I doubt you changed her while I was gone.” He swept out of the room, leaving John dumbstruck. A few moments later, he could hear Sherlock’s deep voice rumbling as he spoke to Rosie downstairs.
“Something,” Sherlock repeated. “What something? You don’t have a something.”
“Come on, you madman,” he murmured, tearing his gaze from the widow yet again. “Come back to me.”
“You don’t know that.” There was an edge to John’s voice that made him pause. This wasn’t something they had ever talked about, but he had assumed they were both in agreement that John’s place at Baker Street was bound to end at some point. Men like John didn’t go through their lives without finding someone to be with.
The sound of a key being shoved into a lock made him jump. He automatically tensed – a habit from his army days when he would hear sudden noises – then felt crushing relief. He strode out of the kitchen to the sitting room just in time for the front door to swing open.
Rosie was looking at John, her little arm held aloft, her hand reaching for him. John stared at her, dumbfounded. “Da,” she repeated, more insistent this time. Her face was streaked with tears, and her bottom lip wobbled.
How was it that John Watson had the power to take Sherlock’s breath away so thoroughly? It was like he’d fallen into the lake again and couldn’t find the surface. But in this instance, drowning didn’t seem so bad.
No one else would have been able to read Mycroft’s face, but John had become adept at picking apart the expressions of Holmes family members. Mycroft felt bad. He was almost guilty. In any other circumstances, this might have been a cause for celebration, but John could hardly think of silly things like that beyond the pounding of his heart.
Something shuttered a little in Sherlock’s face at John’s two words. Panic rising in him, John gripped Sherlock’s hand tighter, as if to keep him from running.
Without looking away from the clock, he felt his hand drift out to his left, towards the cold, empty opposite side of the bed. His fingers glided over the soft sheets and hit the pillow that had long since stopped retaining its usual scent. It wasn’t like that side of the bed was going to magically become occupied just because he wasn’t looking at it, but checking anyway was habit by now.
“On her way to finish John off.” Sherlock loathed how much his heart was pounding in that moment.
“It’s entertaining.”
“I just wanted to see how things are getting on,” Lestrade said. Sherlock deduced he was in his office, despite the early hour. Most likely had his feet on the desk. “It’s been a week and I haven’t heard of any murder, so I’m hoping that’s a good sign.”
The edges of Sherlock’s vision are starting to blacken. Breathing is harder, but the wound hurts less now. Little time left.
"But that’s not the same as seeing you every day,” John pointed out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, Sherlock.” Mycroft sounded so patronizing, Sherlock wanted to reach through the phone and strangle him. “They won’t be able to stop her.”
He was starting to think he had some serious soul-searching to do.
“He missed one, yes, but he will be here for all the Christmases to come. I’ve known your father for a long time, and I know for a fact that he will do everything in his power to make sure he is with you for every single Christmas after this one. He loves you
Mary was long gone. Somewhere in his addled mind, he thought it was hilarious that they all had names that began with M. Hilarious and heartbreaking.
But John just had a way of making him forget all that.
He wondered if he could become his friend too.
Though now… now he wasn’t sure.
<><><>
For several minutes, silence stretched between them. After years of keeping it in, to be faced with revealing his secret two days in a row made Sherlock uneasy. It was a part of himself he kept close, pressed up inside his chest like a second heart. Giving it away so easily felt wrong.
“So,” he said finally, his voice clearer now that he was more awake. “Why are we out here?”
The waiter returned with their drinks, and Lestrade lifted his coffee mug towards Sherlock as if toasting him. “That’s why we’re such great friends.”
“He’s not coming home today?” she asked softly. Sherlock shook his head.
John snorted. “Somehow, I can’t picture Mycroft doing chores.” Sherlock looked up at him and smirked.
He can’t let it go.
“I could say I’m surprised, but I don’t want to lie.” John snorted. Lestrade’s voice was serious when he spoke next. “Are you sure you’re both ready for that?”
Sherlock's gaze was on his book. “I just mean – it’s best you don’t see me every day. You’ll probably get frustrated with me, or annoyed.”
He hadn’t even realized he’d started crying until Lestrade was by his side, brushing his tears away. His first instinct was to shove him away, lash out with a scathing remark, and retreat into his bedroom. It was what he had trained himself to do, what he had always done whenever his godawful emotions refused to be silenced and locked away. Things were better this way, he had always told himself. He preferred it that way, or at least he had before a certain ex-army doctor limped into his life. Now it was harder than ever to stifle his emotions and keep himself away from the comfort he desperately craved. After days of withdrawals, of recovering from the brink of death, after weeks of nothing but bleakness, he couldn’t hold himself together any longer.
to sleep. He wanted the deep, heavy power of slumber to calm his raging thoughts. He wanted, for a few hours, to forget everything.
“If anything happens to you –” he began, but John cut him off.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. I’m here because my idiot brother convinced my mother I have a cocaine problem. I do not. I’m not an addict, I’m a user. The drugs help my mental capabilities, make things sharper, clearer. I help Scotland Yard solve crimes – or at least, I
Again, the surge of happiness, though John fails to see what makes Penny stand out from the other millions of babies in the world. At least, he doesn’t understand why
“Why, because I’m here for cocaine use and it’s easier to get ahold of it in the city?”
“Sherlock,” John murmured. “That’s… that’s exactly how I feel, actually.”
Was this a dream? It had to be a dream. There’s no way John would say that to him and
“Little brother,” Mycroft greeted him when he finally deigned to pick up the phone. Sherlock was in his room – the
Mycroft sat up straighter. He almost seemed pleased by John’s words, which baffled the hell out of John.
Sherlock quirked his lips. “I don’t think many would say you were wrong.”
John frowned. “Sherlock –”
(Don't worry, this isn't the end just yet, but it should hopefully be the end of the angst.)
Sherlock stills his movements, his eyes sliding from the papers to John. It’s difficult maintaining a neutral expression, but John is excellent at putting on a good face.
John swallowed. “Crush. Did you fancy him?”
"I don’t have a problem.”
John’s eyes widened, like he couldn’t believe he’d said it out loud. He glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye before speeding up a bit. “Here we are. The lake.”
Hope you enjoyed! Thanks for reading!
Fact: Prior to Rosie being born, Sherlock was arguably the most important person in John’s life. And John once had a wife.
“I always knew you were good for him,” Mycroft said. “Even from the beginning.”
Rosie was on the verge of sleep, but she burrowed closer, her tiny fingers grasping his shirt. John’s throat felt tight.
At first, John just chalked it up to a bit of lust. He hadn’t had a girlfriend in a while, and liking boys was still new territory. Of course he’d be attracted to the gorgeous boy he was around almost every waking moment.
Once Penny is safely in John’s arms, Sherlock turns away, moving to the cluttered table. The warmth in John’s chest is quickly fading, the moment slipping away faster than he can process. Desperation wells up within him, the need to keep this precious moment alive nearly consuming him. Sherlock sits at the table and starts rifling through his papers. It’s clear he expects John to leave, and might even
“You have to come back,” John whispered. “Do you understand? If you don’t, I’ll be forced to come after you.”
“He’s working too,” she said. “He told me he’s got a lot to do.”
“She won’t eat,” he said, ticking things off on his left hand. “She won’t nap. She won’t play. She’ll hardly sit still enough to be changed.”
He had heard Lestrade sigh. “Another time, then.”
Everything had gone perfectly, Sherlock had looked so beautiful, and John had been prepared to reach his happily ever after. The memory of Sherlock’s bright, hopeful eyes was still at the forefront of his mind, and despite the unfortunate turn the night had taken, John never wanted to forget the way he had looked.
things and reduced everyone to tears, John included. Sherlock as he beamed at him from the middle of the dance floor when he learned he was going to be a father.
Smoothing down his dark blue dress shirt, Sherlock left his bedroom (the
“I just assumed…” Sherlock said, lost. “Because of Mary…”
Unable to stand it for any longer, Sherlock pulled John in close and kissed him. In response, John reached up to grasp his face, like he wanted to keep Sherlock right where he was.
By the time he was done, it was well past midnight. There was nothing left for him to do, so he retreated upstairs. He stopped on the way to his bedroom to check on Rosie before remembering that she was with Molly. He had a sudden desire to see his little girl but knew he would have to wait until tomorrow.
"So,” John said, clapping his hands together. “What do you want to do?”
“Probably in his cabin,” Greg said. “He’s not the social type.”
Sherlock huffed, looking away from him as his cheeks pinked with embarrassment. “Why would I need to know about babies and their susceptibility to the common cold?” In reality, he was quite certain he did in fact have that bit of knowledge tucked away, most likely from a case, but he didn’t want to admit how he wasn’t able to call it up at that moment.
John snorted. “You were hardly arrested. You were handcuffed and that’s it. You got away.”
John swallowed harshly and looked away. He reached up to the strap that hung around his neck and tugged at it. “Yeah. I’m good. Fine.”
It was an innocent mistake. It wasn’t like that woman knew the situation. How could she? She wasn’t like him. She couldn’t read an entire person’s life through the clothes they wore or the dirt on their shoes. And, really, it was logical to assume the child nestled against his chest was his own. It was unlikely he would be carrying around someone else’s kid.
“My sister has clearly moved on from it,” Sherlock said, turning to leave the room with Rosie. “Perhaps you should too.”
That day, Lestrade was sitting with Rosie while John headed upstairs. He started to turn towards his bedroom but paused at the top of the stairs. His eyes drifted toward the guest room – Sherlock’s room. No one had set foot in there since Sherlock left.
John had
It had been two days since they made their pact to be more open with each other, and things had been, Sherlock had to admit, quite nice. There had not been any more deep and probing conversations, though he suspected they were on the horizon, but there also hadn’t been any fights, which was a relief. Their familiar banter was slowly returning to them with each moment spent in each other’s company, and Sherlock had never been more grateful.
“Sorry,” replied Lestrade, coming inside after Sherlock gave him the space to do so. “I would’ve called ahead, but I’m in a bit of a hurry.”
“For being so good with Penny. You’ve been nothing short of wonderful since we moved in, and it means a great deal to me.”
Sherlock found himself smiling. “It’s my brother’s.”
“Before I say it,” John said, his expression earnest, “I need you to know that I understand if your feelings have changed. I realize – I haven’t always been the kindest to you, and maybe it would have been better if you moved on or –”
“Sherlock,” he murmured, getting the other man to look at him again. “I’m sorry.”
Then Sherlock let go of his hand. John let out the breath he was holding in a whoosh and clenched his hand.
For a moment, it didn’t seem like Sherlock was going to let that slide, but then, mercifully, he did. “It’s not hard, John. All I had to do was boil water, and even an idiot is capable of that.”
“What am I supposed to do about this?” Sherlock spat, hoping his harsh tone would hide his anxiety. “You don’t even know where she is. I don’t even know what she looks like.”
Something warm blossomed in John’s chest, though it was quickly shot down as he recalled their last face-to-face interaction.
“But I stepped out of line.”
John tried to tell himself that he was safe, that everything was okay, and that he was probably just caught up in the case. He knew Sherlock well enough to know that the man sometimes could get so involved with the mystery that he stopped caring about anything else. Quite frankly, that would be the most normal thing to happen to either of them in weeks. It should be a relief.
home. Sherlock shook his head, and John frowned. He didn’t know who was at the door either. It made Sherlock nervous, especially when he considered how unprepared they were for any sort of attack, if the person ringing the doorbell was who he thought it was. They were both in their pajamas, John still had his sling, and Rosie was sitting on the floor in front of them.
Not that it would be Sherlock. Because John was straight.
“Yes, you can. Father Christmas is a clever man.”
“What is it?”
“Fuck,” he said.
“I’ll always want to see you,” he said. “No matter what, I’ll always want to.”
“What makes you say that?”
“I think you’ve said enough.”
“So you do have one, then?”
“See?” John’s voice was so soft it could barely be heard over the thunder. It still made Sherlock’s head swim. “She likes hearing you talk.”
Molly nodded and ushered him into her flat. John had spent a good amount of time there in the wake of Mary’s death, and it usually would give him a feeling of comfort, with its yellow walls and plump sofas. Today, everything seemed grayer, like the brightness had been turned down.
There was a dock that stretched out onto the lake. Sherlock nodded towards it. “Let’s sit there.”
“Just text her back,” he said.
There were so many things Sherlock could say to that, so many things he
John’s cheeks heated. “Oh. Right, yeah. That’s considerate of you.” He sniffed. “You do kind of smell.”
“You mean… the sister he didn’t know about?”
Loved it.
Now, though, the thought of a drink was tempting.
“No, hold on,” Sherlock said. “I didn’t stop you because I don’t want it. I just think it might be better to wait until I’ve showered.”
"Sorry?”
John stayed with Sherlock until it was time for lunch. Sherlock suspected the counselor would’ve sat with him if given the opportunity, but Sherlock snuck out of the dining hall when John wasn’t looking and went back to his cabin.
it. He’d turned his hand just so, giving John the chance to slip right in and connect them.
Stepping back into his room, he retrieved his gun from his nightstand and moved back to the hallway. There was no indication that she was coming up the stairs, so John tiptoed to the top and glanced down. Now he could register a faint light, most lightly from one of the lamps in the sitting room. He took a deep breath and started down.
for everything. It made his head spin as he tried to align his thoughts with what he was being told now.
Fact: Sherlock was his best friend.
“Boy,” Sherlock answered, gripping his hands tighter. “His name was Redbeard.”
“She doesn’t know many people,” Sherlock replied, gently bouncing her. She kicked her legs out, and he set her back down immediately. She took off like a shot, running around with the kind of exuberance only a child could possess.
after your psychotic sister?”
John laughed. “
John’s crying, Sherlock realizes. No. He’s not supposed to cry. He’s not supposed to be hurt.
“Where,” John said slowly, shakily, “did you get these?”
“Good morning,” Sherlock said slowly. “Sleep okay?” He carried Rosie over to her high chair and settled her in, peering at John over his shoulder as he did.
“And what am I doing?”
Sherlock glared at him. “No, it’s not.”
“I didn’t know.”
“Sherlock,” John said lowly, a warning. Sherlock glared at him.
Sherlock was fairly certain he was blushing, and he hated himself for it. “I know. Believe me, I do.”
Rosie made a noise that indicated she was quite annoyed with being ignored. Without thinking, Sherlock picked her up and nestled her into his lap. John’s eyes widened slightly, and he pressed his lips together.
“I mean, I always eat my breakfast, and you’ve got to too.” He held the spoon just before Rosie’s mouth, waiting for her to take the bait. She did not.
<><><>
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head. Rosie was his priority right now, and she deserved a good Christmas. It was hard enough for her being without one father. She didn’t need to be down another.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice drew him back into the present. John blinked harshly, dislodging a few tears. They were wiped away seconds later by Sherlock, and John felt like he was falling.
“I’m just saying.” John paused. “How hard was it for you to get out of bed today?”
Because his admiration – appreciation, adoration, no word seemed right – went beyond physical aspects. Sherlock was, as he’d known from the beginning, brilliant. His mind was unlike anything John had ever seen, a constantly moving and evolving powerhouse. John was in awe of him.
“Let’s see. I know that you play the violin, and you like to solve crimes, and you barely sleep and eat because you think it slows you down, and you say you hate crap telly but you really love it, and London is your favorite place in the world, and you have an arse of a brother, and you used to have a dog, and you’re gay, and you grew up in the country, and you used to do cocaine, and you wanted to be a pirate when you were a child.” He stopped there, mainly because he was almost out of breath, though the look on Sherlock’s face also helped. “And that’s practically all of it.” He picked up his glass and took a long sip of water.
“When I realized I might never see you again,” Sherlock said. “And that you were in danger, and the only way I could save you was to break your heart. It all fit together. Like a case I had been trying to solve.” He let out a dry chuckle. “Incredibly poor timing, really. But I’ve never been good at matters of the heart.”
Boys’ Cabin 2 loomed up before him, its dark wood melding with the shade around it. John hopped up the two steps and knocked three times before opening the door and peering inside.
he thought with less derision than he had hoped for.
John came to stand by Sherlock’s shoulder and peered over at the file. His eyes widened at its contents. “Sherlock, you can’t stay here, not with a case like this. You have to go with him and investigate.”
Sherlock’s lower lip disappears into his mouth, and his eyes are bigger than John’s ever seen them, except for perhaps the moment Sherlock first met Penny. It had taken John’s breath away then, and it does the same now.
“I think there’s a box of spaghetti in the top left cabinet. Have at it.”
He was surprised to see Sherlock actually looked rather sad. “No. I got rid of them when I got older. Had no use for them.”
Something – possibly pain – flashed across Sherlock’s face. “Mycroft has men watching Baker Street.”
“I swear to God,” John said, clenching his fingers into a fist. “Now is not the time.”
Any sort of fire or challenge leaked out of Sherlock like air from a punctured balloon. He seemed confused now, which was something John doubted he had much experience with.
That might have been poor planning on his part.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was just thinking about… you.”
Sherlock sighed, looking almost annoyed at the conversation they were having. “As I think I have explained to you
“I think so, yeah.” She sounded so genuine, too. Not self-centered, but like it was something she was finally coming to terms with. “Thank you. And keep me posted.”
asked me to go in your place. He’s a wreck, John, and he thinks you hate him.”
His father wasn’t a subject he liked to dwell on ever, but for whatever reason it all came spilling out that afternoon. He should have felt mortified, or upset, but all he felt was…
“Don’t,” John said. “Don’t say that. It’s not true.”
Tomorrow, he would become Sherlock’s personal counselor.
“Please don’t cry over this,” Sherlock said. “It’s okay.”
“Because you’re an idiot.” Sherlock’s eyes were sparkling.
any more pain. What we did in the past is done. We must move on. Remember? We promised to do that. Don’t back out on me now.”
“No, I think I do. And I trust you enough to tell you.”
“Hi, Sherlock!”  Molly greeted him with a smile, and, despite the anxious ball in his stomach, he managed a tiny smile back.
A peek into the sitting room told him that possibility was wrong. It wasn’t until he dipped into the kitchen that he finally received some kind of answer.
Sherlock closes his eyes, savoring John’s words. “It’s always been… for you. Everything I’ve done.”
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice even and blank in a way that told John he was working hard to make it so. “I didn’t realize you were still awake. You didn’t need to stay up for me.”
The night before, he’d only gotten a few hours of sleep because he was thinking about Sherlock and how he felt about him. For the longest time, his thoughts just went around in circles, but eventually he reached a conclusion: He was definitely attracted to Sherlock, and if he wasn’t completely in love with him, he was probably falling.
John inched closer. “Same age?”
“On the counter,” John said. “By the toaster.”
Sherlock felt his own eyes fill with tears. John was
Sherlock nodded as he wiped away some drool from Rosie’s chin. “I noticed your cabinets are lacking food. You need more.”
“Oh.” Sherlock hid it well, but John could tell he was surprised. He swallowed and pressed his lips together. “It’s fine. I can understand how a revelation like that might upset you.”
"It’s fine. I wouldn’t expect any less from a first-time counselor.”
Sorry for the slight delay with this one, my personal life got really messy and stressful in the past week, leading me to put off finishing this. It turned out to be a nice stress-reliever though, when I actually worked on it, so that was nice, and now here we are. Hope you enjoy!
“This time I’m apologizing for neglecting you. And ignoring you, and pushing you away, and making you feel like I didn’t accept you.”
Molly had stuck around long enough to help John get Rosie to bed, which he appreciated immensely (At this rate, he owed Molly an all-expense-paid vacation). She had offered to stay until Sherlock returned, but John waved her off, insisting he would be fine and that he just wanted to turn in for the night. That earned him a sympathetic smile from Molly, as though she knew he was lying. She probably did.
“Evening, Greg,” said John, opening his door wider. Lestrade’s normally friendly face was stormy, and John had a sinking feeling he knew exactly what brought the DI to his doorstep at nearly eleven at night. He holds up his glass of whiskey (his second of the night). “Want a drink?”
Considering how well everything had been going, Sherlock should have realized it would inevitably fall apart.
“He can’t get upset with me if I’ve gotten the wrong items,” he told Rosie as he turned the cart in the direction of the milk. “He knows I don’t pay attention to these things, and he didn’t give me a list of his own.”
And he wanted to see John. But that was beside the point.
Sherlock hadn’t turned around, hadn’t said anything, but John knew he was listening. He turned the water off and began loading the plates into the dishwasher.
Tears pricked John’s eyes, and he swallowed. His arm yelled at him to put his daughter down, so he quickly set her down in her high chair. It gave him the chance to hide his face.
John swallowed hard, the tightness in his body spreading to his chest. He shook his head. “Just – can you give me a little bit to change your mind? Please?”
Sherlock was witty, and clever, and – to John’s surprise and delight – quite caring. He hid it well behind carefully constructed barriers, but John had persisted and broke through them and discovered the biggest heart in the world.
He was so lost in thought that Mycroft’s voice made him jump. “Everyone believes I hate my brother,” Mycroft said. It sounded like each word was hard to say, but he felt a need to say it. “But I don’t. Everything I have done has been to protect him.”
Sherlock’s stomach dropped. He hadn’t exactly forgotten about her, considering how John carried the reminder of her every day in his sling, but he’d forgotten she was a problem. Mycroft said he would take care of it, and Sherlock trusted his brother to do so.
“Harry was fifteen when Dad found her in bed with a girl. He threw a fit unlike anything I’ve ever seen.” John’s voice was distant, as though he was lost in his own head. “She had bruises for days.”
“Yes, Da,” replied Sherlock, feeling only a little foolish. “Don’t you want him to be happy?”
John crawled up the bed to the pillows and held his arms out. Sherlock moved into them, nestling his head on John’s chest. Any fears John might’ve had over it being awkward dissipated immediately. Sherlock fit perfectly there, like it was where he belonged. John believed it was. He drew the blankets over them and pulled Sherlock close.
"Okay then. So what do you want to do now?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed in his trademark, assessing way. “I feel as though I should be asking you that.”
“Why do you care?” John asked, his eyes on the screen at that particular moment. “You don’t like music.”
Sherlock stared at him incredulously. John raised an eyebrow. “What?”
John followed him out to the very end. Sherlock sat down and took off his trainers before letting his feet dangle into the water. A moment later, John’s pale feet joined his, causing the water to ripple around him.
him. He was trying to make him feel
“Here,” murmured John. He held out Sherlock’s mug, and Sherlock accepted it with a nod. The steam hit his face as he took a little sip. Made to perfection. John was like magic.
John sighed and rubbed his forehead with his left hand. “I’m not – I don’t know what to say to him. I’m not ready.”
"I –” Sherlock said hoarsely. “I, um, I –”
“Nope,” Greg replied. “It’s rare that this happens, but occasionally a camper can get out of group if they make enough case for having private sessions. Or if their parents have enough money. Somehow, I suspect Sherlock has both.” He shook his head appreciatively. “I don’t know what you did, but you got through to him. I’m impressed.”
Chunks of memory floated by, and he pictured himself trying to grab at them like a child would a bubble or leaf. This wasn’t Afghanistan, that was long gone. Moriarty was long gone, Magnussen was long gone…
“You didn’t know,” Sherlock insisted. “You couldn’t have. You had every right to be upset with me.”
Both men exhaled, their shoulders dropping. Sherlock strode to the door and flung it open, revealing Lestrade. He held a thick file in his hands and had a wary expression on his face.
The note was pinned to the fridge, right underneath one of Rosie’s baby photos. John breathed out a harsh sigh of relief as he read over it a second and third time. He should’ve realized there was a likely explanation, but he’d found that when he came to his baby girl, logic didn’t always factor into it.
“It’s just,” Sherlock said, a bit unsteady. Everything about him had felt unsteady that morning, it was awful. “I’m not – I don’t know how this works.”
John let out a low whistle. “That’s a mouthful. Mine’s boring. John Hamish Watson.” He made a face. “I hate the name Hamish.”
“They’re better than better,” she replied, easing her car to a stop at a busy intersection. “They were smiling and laughing and…” She bit her lip and finally admitted what she had already been thinking. “They looked like a couple.”
he thought.
He was dreading it. This day should be happy and filled with nothing but good tidings. Instead, it would be filled with disappointment and broken hearts.
John was looking at him again, lips pressed together.  He nodded, and Sherlock felt like his world was upended.
“Living together.” John’s eyebrows rose again, and Sherlock hastily returned to Lestrade. “I can’t go.”
He wanted to come home.
As the nurse calmly repeated the words and filled in the blanks, Sherlock lowered himself into the nearest chair, his stomach roiling and his throat tightening. Somewhere in the back of his mind he realized he was sitting in John’s chair, and the thought almost broke him.
John kicked a rock and watched it skitter across the pavement before him. “It’s not like I can just turn it off,” he admitted quietly. “It’s an automatic thing. Always has been.”
<><><>
His eyes burned, and his chest was tight. His head was spinning, thanks to the alcohol and what Lestrade had just said. Because he was
Rosie sniffed and cried some more. Then she coughed. And coughed again.
"Lucky! I’ve always wanted a dog, but we couldn’t afford one. Boy or girl?”
“I’m calling because you’re listed as John Watson’s emergency contact. Mr. Watson has been shot, and we need you to –”
“Thank you,” he whispered. “I needed… that.”
“If you’re into this sort of thing.”
Mycroft’s nostrils flared. John realized he had touched a nerve. He didn’t care; in fact, he was pleased. Mycroft could stand to actually feel something for once.
“That’s because you’re sick.” Sherlock felt the bed dip near his feet, and something solid brushed his ankle. He immediately pulled his legs away.
“I swear to God,” said John, clenching his hands, “if you don’t tell me where he is right now, I will hit you, and I won’t feel sorry about it.”
“Sherlock, England’s security is at stake. She could destroy the country.”
“Why did you never tell me?”
Sherlock stared at him. He seemed both defiant and nervous, an odd mixture that seemed wrong on his face. His words finally sunk in for John, and he felt his jaw slacken.
John scoffed, or at least, he tried to. It came out a bit choked. He looked away and rubbed his eyes. Rosie sat on the floor a few feet away, gnawing on her stuffed dog.
to be hurt. You – God, you deserve so much more than that. You were her friend too. You mourned her.”
“Yes.”
“It’s no problem,” Molly said, bouncing Rosie in her arms as she fed her a bottle. “I didn’t have any other plans.”
“John,” Sherlock interrupted, his heart beating faster than it ever had. He gripped John’s hand tightly in his and, before he could stop himself, brushed John’s hair back with his free one. Sherlock had desperately wanted to run his fingers through John’s hair ever since he’d changed how he wore it. “I promise you, nothing has changed. Just tell me.”
John swallowed and nodded. “I know that. I do. I just…” He hesitated, clearly warring with himself over something. Sherlock waited, not wanting to push him. “I… want to be better for her,” he said, finally. “Better than my dad was.”
“What?” John asked, just as befuddled as Sherlock. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
After Mary died, John needed somewhere to go. Staying in the house he’d lived in with her felt wrong. Of course, he didn’t have to look long for a place, because Sherlock insisted he move back into Baker Street. John tried to object, since he had a child now, and Sherlock hadn’t signed up for one. But Sherlock refused.
He set the volume low; it was a live performance and he always found the sound of amplified applause intolerable, a blast of static drilling through his eardrums. The soft music made good company.
Thank you again, Anyawen, for FTH 2021, for your plot bunny, for gently dissuading me from a resolution too hurried. Your "John has to work for it" plot bunny has plenty of scope for someone else to take it in a more angsty direction, in case this one was too placid for a Queen of Whump!
Sherlock came into the sitting room looking broody, John thought. Ash’s might be a puzzle—a problem—he couldn’t be sure of solving, and he was clearly unsettled.
, at least so far as I know. (Though I suppose I could be dive-bombed by an insistent coda or epilogue, heaven knows fics have a mind of their own.)
“But my shoes weren’t there, they’d slid away and I had to go looking under all the seats to find them, and the coach pulled away again and you were gone. It didn’t seem too serious, I knew I could get out at the next stop and you would drive there and pick me up. But I was rattled anyway. I found my shoes, collected my things and got off at the next stop.”
So the interim solution became our normal. What had happened, without my really realising it, was that Sherlock had morphed into Rosie’s primary caretaker, companion, and teacher. And she was benefiting from this, as I was, but it was hardly fair on him. He was indeed taking far fewer cases than he used to, and the man whose greatest horror had been boredom was now overseeing the education and well-being of a little kid. A darling child he loved as his own, as
“What? No, no, that’s not – I’m not – I couldn’t possibly be a –”
he thought.
“How can you not know what I mean?” Sherlock demanded. “I’m asking where
Sherlock apparently gave up on trying to make him leave, because he turned away from the door and stalked further into the sitting room. John didn’t move from his spot. There was an odd feeling spreading throughout his body, and he wasn’t sure what it meant.
"I’m aware of how stupid that was, yes.”
“Fatherhood agrees with you,” Sherlock remarked. John’s cheeks got pink, and he ducked his head.
“You miss him too, huh?” murmured John. Rosie looked up at him, her tiny hands curled around her cup. It could be his imagination, or his wishful thinking, but he believed her expression said she missed Sherlock just as much as he did.
Before John could fully calm himself down, Sherlock stepped back into the hallway. He was holding his pajamas, and he looked incredibly shy. John smiled and held his hand out. Sherlock took it and let John lead the way to his bedroom.
“Careful,” said Sherlock. “Otherwise her next word will be ‘git’.”
With a heavy sigh, he returned to the couch, pulling out his phone as he sat down. He’d tried calling both Lestrade and Sherlock and got no response. It hadn’t helped his worry at all. There was an excellent chance their phones had died, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that it was something far worse.
Also, just to reiterate: I am not a doctor, so recovery processes are a bit fudged here. As is the layout for John's house because the show didn't give us much detail.
he could do.
“I told you,” said John. “She adores you. You’re one of her favorite people.”
John raised an eyebrow. Greg let the door to their cabin thud shut behind him and plopped down on the end of John’s bed. His mouth was curved upward in a triumphant grin, and John knew he should be pleased with himself, only he didn’t know why.
“He’s been
“How would you know?”
Sherlock nodded and sat back in his chair. John’s eyelids were getting heavy again, and he was really looking forward to letting them stay closed. He’d almost drifted off again when he remembered another thing he had to tell Sherlock.
Sherlock scoffed, though he knew John had a point. “Regardless. My voice isn’t soothing.”
Sherlock only grunted in response. Having finished the eggs, he took them off the stovetop and turned off the burner.
At the mere mention of that name, John’s interest spiked. He tried to keep his voice casual.
“Upstairs,” she answered. “I wanna be alone.”
The following Sunday evening, 16 December, I turned on the radio for the song I’d cued up for Sherlock. It was just a week since his return, yet so much had happened. He came up behind me and pulled me to his chest as a jazz trumpet introduced a duet: line 16 was the song title, “Dream a Little Dream of Me.”
I had to sit tight and hope. Respect his terms. Spend Zanardi’s “probation” month trying to make the time pass, keep the dread tamped down, and most of all, keep the jealousy suffocated.
That I corrected, trying to keep my voice calm.
“Sometimes Roberto’s very presence kept me from seeing you clearly—in my head, in my memory. The Mind Palace. I couldn’t feel you near—but I’d come to Italy
Every time, John would listen until the man began to pack up. He could never actually play all that long—the weather, you know, and though it wasn’t raining that week, that meant
John could never love an incomplete human being. Sherlock can stand on the sidelines of John’s life for as long as he likes and John will never see him, never reach for him. (Why would he? When he has any number of complete human beings to choose from?) It isn’t because Sherlock is a man; it’s because Sherlock is defective.
“I’m not leaving either. Promise. Being here wrapped around you is just too distracting, and you’ve given me something to think about. That means I have to actually
* * * * *
To his discomfiture Mycroft put his hands together in a pose John thought of as Sherlock’s, and it stopped him cold. He breathed in hard through his nose and out again, more slowly, and waited.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And you read it—?”
Chapter title from Paul Simon, "Further to Fly." The song gets a workout in Part 2. Listen.
“You and me.” He gave me the look that had the same effect every single time. I gently eased Rosie out of his cradling hands and took her, loose and unjointed, up to her cot without waking her. Decided not to risk waking her to change her, either—Sherlock must have done it quite recently.
I was filled with such eagerness, such energy and urgency, I couldn’t have gone back to sleep. But I didn’t want to miss a minute of lying in bed with Sherlock, touching his hair, listening to him breathe. The trust he must feel, to sleep with me. The man who avoided sleeping at all, let alone in the presence of someone else. Was trust an emotion?
“Oh, come on,” she pleaded. “Yes you do, and just because you’re self-conscious about it doesn’t mean you aren’t fantastic at it.”
all over now," he corrected, and when Sherlock opened an eye to peer up at him, he continued. "Lestrade called a while ago. Couldn't get hold of you because you were in your exam so he had to try me. Not that he was overly thrilled about that."
Part of him wondered what it would be like, to be one of those renegades. Dangerous line of work to be sure, but still. What must it be like to be able to sail the seas without having to answer to anyone?
John rubbed his neck and looked down. “It’s largely thanks to you, you know. Without you to practice with...”
He watches as John signs Ethan's book too and bids them farewell. Relieved, Sherlock begins to move forward again through the crowd, when the girl gestures, mouthing words. ‘
Those words, those inconceivable words, made Sherlock focus, notice, and deduce. Under the sudden scrutiny, John’s fingers moved through his hair, which, Sherlock now noticed, was messy and unkempt as if John had ruffled it several dozen times in the last few hours. There were dark bags under his eyes, too. All in all, this was someone scared and anxious. Over Sherlock.
The phrase was echoed by the rest of the crew, and John watched in satisfaction as a slight glow bloomed across Sherlock’s cheeks.
“I’m not well-liked, John,” he says at last. “Most people find me irritating or unpleasant or downright horrible. And… I do not do much to change those opinions. I know I am difficult…”
“Who are you?” he asked, then coughed.
“Who is he?” John retreats from the handshake.
“We’ve… er, been talking,” Victor’s cheeks were suddenly red. “He told me about what happened before he came to your ship, Watson, and how he got the scars. He said the red sails were the only thing he really remembers about the ship.”
“You cannot be serious.”
Sherlock waved a hand. “My pleasure.” He hesitated, as if he were wondering whether to speak further. Then, he sighed. “Come.”
“John, please hold on.”
John nodded and let out a breath, trying to keep the worry from showing on his face. “What of
“So what do you do, Sherlock?” he asks as he puts down his pen and sits back a moment to survey the man. He still has a couple books left, but finds himself not wanting to rush this encounter.
“Well, let me remind you, you kissed me first.” John smirked and was rewarded with a light blush bursting to life on Sherlock’s cheeks. They both sobered quickly, though, and John just watched him for a moment. His eyes had flecks of gold in them; John had never been close enough to notice before.
“Showing you,” Sherlock’s words catch in his throat a bit, and he has to clear it before he can continue, “a piece of me.”
“Sherlock,” John repeats, then spells it aloud to ensure he gets it right. After receiving an affirmative nod, he smiles and bends over
He spun on his heel and walked away from Sherlock.
Sherlock snorted. “Not necessary.” His gaze landed, and lingered, on John. “Oh, alright. Fine.”
"Right, but we're still pretty young."
He needed to be better, he had told himself many times. He needed to regain Sherlock’s trust and forgiveness. Healing the rift, he knew, would help not only him but also help Sherlock, who was so changed by all that happened. John worried so much for the fragile heart he knew beat beneath Sherlock's chest that it felt sometimes as if his own were breaking.
“Oh.” Sherlock drops his bag and crosses his arms over his chest. He’s frowning.
“For seven years now I have sailed, targeting NOTP vessels. Now, I also need to find Victor in addition to uncovering irrefutable proof of their wrongdoing. So far, fulfilling both goals have proven… difficult.” He grimaced. “I fear it will be a lifetime of work.”
, covered in sharp growths and salt residue, had cut open his side with that last collision. Sherlock reckoned he had a few more minutes before he either was knocked out or otherwise wounded badly enough to die.
“You really want me to spell it out for you? I thought you were supposed to be a genius.” John smiled at him. Teasing was good, teasing was encouraging.
“John speaks highly of you all the time,” Sholto admits. “And he’s been happier since he met you.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock said, and he smiled when John wrapped an arm around his waist.
All in all, John concluded they were both doing well. In fact, he couldn't remember having been happier in all his life.
Satisfied, he set down his compass and pencil and rubbed the bridge of his nose with a sigh. How long had it been since they had been to India? He was not sure; it must have been at least six months.
That, however, brought another question to John’s lips. “Sherlock… why did you come to our aid? You did not know us, and that ship was still there waiting for any excuse to use their weapons. It was a risk you took, to approach us. Why did you do it?”
“Let me see.”
Sherlock let out a long, slow exhale, which was cut off suddenly as his phone buzzed.
“Oh, I’m fine,” he laughs. “Nerves of steel, or rather stomach of steel. I’ve eaten full meals while writing, you know.”
toward land. Sherlock had his eyes fixed on their destination, his sharp gaze intense and focused. But then, he glanced down, spotted John, and winked at him. John smiled back.
A thrill went through Sherlock at that. John had called him that occasionally, but it had always been teasing; this time, though, was genuine. Sherlock felt himself still reeling from both that and the kiss as he described where they were headed for lunch. Even as he gave directions, his mind was elsewhere. He and John had been close for a while now, but it had only in the past week and a half or so started to become closer. John had been touching him more, ruffling his curls or hugging him. And Sherlock had caught himself leaning into John when they sat together, too. He supposed this had been building for some time, perhaps ever since he had impulsively headed to the downstairs flat, knowing that the medical student who lived there was sure to have coffee he could use.
“Quarter?” John cried. “Why? Are you mad?”
Sherlock scolded. He twisted around, and started to again move toward the ship. He wrapped his hands around the rope and, groaning, hoisted himself above the water to get better leverage.
“Alright,” John sighs. “I think this conversation requires some tea, don’t you?”
Sherlock handed it over. “I doubt you’ll find anything using it. I suspect he’s using a burner phone so we can’t trace it.”
It was the most short and terse Sherlock had ever seen John behave with Lestrade, and indeed, with himself. He felt a bit baffled; John had been all for going to Scotland Yard and getting Lestrade in the loop so the three of them could stop Sebastian, and now he was leaping upon the first opportunity to get out? Sherlock did not, for the life of him, understand his boyfriend right now.
John laughs and—in a move that is much more assured than Sherlock has probably ever felt in a scenario like this—slides his arm across the back of the sofa so it drapes behind Sherlock’s shoulders. “Oh, and you’re an expert in bomb disposal now?” His voice is light and full of gentle laughter.
And the idea of the cottage now dwelled in his mind, too, promising and warm. Waiting until it was time for life to move in that direction.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, then scrambled forward and yanked Sherlock into an embrace.
"Bloody hell," John sighed.
“Sherlock,” he whispered back.
“Well, he didn’t know where I live or visit often, so I didn’t think it was a big deal.”
The man regarded him in silence for a beat, then smiled. It was almost genuine this time. “Apologies. You are too sensible to be frightened by such tactics.”
“Who are you?” John asked.
“No,” Irene replied. She approached. Her eyes shifted, shrewd, between Sherlock and John. “I could use some rest. Perhaps later?”
“Polish it,” he echoed with a shake of his head. “You say that as if it’s not already light years better than any of my writing.”
The man coughed again and drank more deeply. “Thank you, Captain Watson. You’ve saved my life, I suspect.”
John still blushed, but he smiled. “And you? I’ve noticed you’ve been spending some time with Vicor…”
And later — when all thoughts of Shakespeare and sonnets and rhyming and syllables have retreated as far from their minds as possible — when they have pressed together as close as two people can be — when their fingers have interlocked and their breaths have started to come faster — they speak those words again. Three words, pressed into skin and hair and lips, over and over and over.
“Mmm,” John made a soft noise as he shifted, moving closer to Sherlock and not waking.
He slipped away, leaving John staring after him and wondering at the realization that perhaps Sherlock Holmes did, in fact, have a heart.
“John—”
He paced and spun about as he spoke, hands gesturing and expression almost exaggerated in its manic manner.
John frowns. “I’m not sure that’s how that works, but… okay. Still, you’ve got to eat sometimes, you know.”
Sherlock laughs. “She does indeed. Though that implies she isn’t talkative normally.”
Sebastian reaches out again, and Sherlock flounders, wondering what to do.
? They would be outnumbered at least two to one, and that was not even considering the relative size of the two ships; the
“How so?” John asked, surprised in spite of himself. He should have been used to Sherlock taking him aback, and yet...
As John slid his hands underneath Sherlock in an attempt to pull him flush against him, however, a twinge of white-hot pain jolted up his arm. He gasped and jerked back, clutching at his shoulder. Sherlock stiffened.
“I know that, I just… I’ve been preparing for an exam.”
“Please,” Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “Your prose is much more polished, and your characters are scores better.”
“Moving in together,” she clarifies.
Sherlock blinked, a slow, thoughtful movement. Then, with deliberation and yet with hesitance, he set down his tea and let his hands come to rest on John’s cheeks. The lightest of touches, reverent and fascinated, brushed down from his cheeks to his jaw.
“You don’t know that,” John protests halfheartedly.
“Victor,” Sherlock stammered. “What-?”
"So what is all this for?" he asked with a vague gesture at the surrounding coziness.
But the pirate ship was pulling away now as well, using the same wind but angling away, distancing themselves from their quarry now that they had done what they had come to do. And John’s ship, John’s home, was slipping away from him.
John lay there without protest, feeling utterly miserable. His throat felt dry, his arms ached, and his entire body felt too cool. How could he be feverish if he felt this cold? It made no sense; Sherlock must be wrong.
When they break apart this time, Sherlock hesitates to open his eyes. He does not desire to move from this spot, from this point in time. If he could suspend them in a solution, preserve them here together like this for all eternity, he thinks he might.
“I don’t want you to have to wait,” Sherlock murmurs. “But… I can’t just switch off a lifetime of learned behaviour like a tap.”
Sherlock hesitated before replying. “What if I want to be
aTrojan horse sacking the city
John kissed his knuckles, shrugging and fighting back his borderline-panic. "I… I just was worried we’re rushing things too much, I guess."
“Well,” the pirate’s mischievous look was back—assuming it had ever completely left—in his cocked brow and crooked mouth. “You’ve proven yourself a brave fighter, if a bit… unrefined. I believe we could have a use for you.”
,” John breathed in such a soft voice even he could hardly hear himself over the waves.
Within ten minutes, they are both seated again with their food: a sandwich and tea for John, soup and coffee for Sherlock.
“I am,” he nodded. “I wanted to see what is going on up here.”
The chemistry student whips his head around. “Molly?”
John nods. “Yeah, he’s stressed. Exam time and all, I’m not surprised.”
“Well, I’d rather have this conversation after some sustenance, if that’s okay.”
“I…” But Sherlock’s heart was pounding so hard he couldn’t hear himself think, let alone form a coherent answer to appease the man.
John’s response is, luckily, near-instantaneous and a relief.
Sherlock nods. “I am. Besides, considering what I’ve seen of the ‘competition,’ as you say, I want no part of any of them.”
Or as Holmes himself might say, observed.
were running past him one way, the pirates the other. There was so much noise and so much movement still happening, but John felt as though he were drifting away from it all. The sensation in his shoulder was excruciating, throbbing and numb and hot and cold all at once. Soon, it was all he could focus on.
, she thought in wonder.
Though the sun tracked across the sky toward the sea, the air around the
“It did not,” Irene said, then tilted her head, considering. “Well, maybe it could have been better, but…”
Sherlock smiled at him, then settled against his side. "How could you? You give me coffee."
John had seen these instances of Sherlock’s belief in justice, of Sherlock’s emotion, and yet. He had still left those men to die. Why? How could he? Sherlock’s choice the previous night defied everything John knew to be true about him. More than that, Sherlock’s choice defied everything John himself believed to be moral, what men should do in dire situations.
John laughs. “Probably because we’ve been told all our lives that this is the time to do that. Besides, aren’t you falling into that trap?” He holds up the notebook. “Deciding tonight to open up?”
“Right, of course.” John pursed his lips. “I forgot. Pirates don’t have friends.”
He hit the water with a punch. All the air escaped his lungs from the blow, and he surfaced quickly, gasping. The longboats moved away from him, paddling frantically from the
She did, dropping into the last empty seat at their table. “Alright,” she crossed her arms, lips pursed in a half-amused, half-indifferent kind of way. “Let's have it. Which
Yet I pull gloves over my own skin
John does not allow his gaze to drop an inch; rather, he lifts his chin and sends his most steely stare at the taller man. “If I did, do you really think I would tell you?”
Sherlock, seeming reassured by John’s ready acceptance, appears to fight a smile, his mouth twisting in a funny little curve. “I’d like that. When are you free?”
“No, I don’t,” John insists. He feels his voice rising but cannot stop it. “I have had to fight tooth and nail for every bit of information about you. You never volunteer to share even the smallest things, like what you want to do after uni, or what your childhood was like—”
“Sherlock Holmes?” Victor gaped. He had somehow staggered to the front of the crowd, despite his shaking legs and pale, bloodied face.
for the first time and setting off across the open seas, as a captain of the Royal Navy.
John sighed and rolled over, and his shoulder gave a sharp twinge in response. He had spent years of his life yearning for travel. Then, after joining the Navy, he had watched the world go by over the prow of a ship and still not been satisfied. Yet in all that time he had never imagined that he would find meaning and a kindred spirit in a pirate.
Sherlock snorts. “I don’t know how much they’ve broadened. I don’t think it’s any good.”
. Hell, he should be
“I’m a pirate,” he hissed.
“Oh, John!” Mrs. Hudson appears in her doorway. “Hello, dear. Is it raining?”
Her face reflects her pained frustration with his formality and evasiveness. She serves him back the formality, but is absolutely not the evasiveness. “But you’re not making my son happy, Mr Holmes. In fact, you are making him very
dancing with the handsomest
This is manipulative, a bit, but he has to know where John stands on Sherlock’s present status. Several weeks into recovery he hasn’t had a slip, or not one he’d let anyone see—and even then he didn’t use, just thought about it, made a half-hearted plan and then abandoned it. (Even that slip may have been a Pavlovian response to the irksome presence of Wiggins, after all.)
One side of his mouth dipped down in the small smile that was reserved for John. John had not written him off, given up, in these days of silence. He was still waiting. Though perhaps the second text had been an accidental re-send, a finger slip or a technical hitch in the mobile service. John wasn’t being emotional —
The crisp dark curls, still damp from the shower; the mouthwatering cock sweetly plumping up, the head growing shiny as John stared; the clean musky smell of building arousal, and suddenly there was much more space as Sherlock leaned back on his elbows.
But the days passed, a week, ten days. And I tried to give my blessing to Sherlock’s happiness, to think of him with love, to hope that this other man was making him happy in every way I hadn’t. Love wants
He never mentioned a single one, though of course after the first two he came to anticipate them. I would watch for the moment in every exchange we had, when he would clock it—that he was revealing his emotional landscape yet again. And sometimes our eyes would meet, just a flash, and I’d smile. And God love him, more than once he blushed.
“I’ve no idea what to say but dear
(See the end of the chapter for
“What is it?” His voice was fond, as always. “Was it so bad to see him again?”
. He begged, I slowed down; I let go of our erections and took a step back moving one hand to Sherlock’s left nipple and lowering my mouth to the other. As Sherlock jerked I raised my other hand to his mouth, placing my first two fingers gently between his lips until he began to tongue and suck at them. I groaned, pulled back altogether and tugged him off the table. I turned him gently around and slotted my erect cock between those perfect, gorgeous arse-cheeks. So close.
He could practically see the frown on Molly’s face. “It sounds like you didn’t. You just texted her. And that doesn’t seem very callous to me, if he was trying to make you feel better.”
Lestrade sobered. “You have Sherlock fooled.”
Sherlock was about to retort that John wasn’t his handler and that he could do as he pleased, but Lestrade had already hung up. Shoving his phone back into his pocket, he grabbed his plate and sat down opposite John, who was watching him smugly.
Furious was better.
John was torn between being relieved and more worried than ever. It was likely Sherlock was still alive, but there was a still a chance he wasn’t. The fact that he hadn’t checked in lately sent up warning signals, but they couldn’t jump to conclusions. There could be several reasons for it, and not all of them involved him being harmed or dead. John just needed to cling to those reasons.
John nodded. “Alright. I’ll take him home.” Dr. Willner had been gracious enough to let him off for the rest of the day, and the next day, once he had explained what was going on.
John staggered to the side, hand flying to his hip, though he had no weapon. A man appeared, having been standing in a side street. John stiffened.
“I know what a love bite looks like, Greg Lestrade. And I know what a laboratory-caused burn looks like. Therefore, I know what I saw. And what I saw was a love bite.”
Sherlock feels heat flare to his cheeks. “John, we’re not face to face.”
He would not let any more blood spill if he could prevent it, he vowed. Again, he glanced up at Sherlock, so tall and beautiful standing there. No, Sherlock would not be harmed if he could help it. Nor would any of the men and women on the
Sherlock had felt his homeless network idea had been quite brilliant. Such an overlooked, anonymous population would have the ability to notice things no one else would, would know London’s secret places better than anyone, would be observant. The perfect, practically invisible force all for his own.
was the one who would save Sherlock.
Sherlock shrugged, electing to aim for casual. “I thought at first it was just him blowing off steam.”
“She?” he echoed.
“Talk to him,” she murmured. “He’s in a mood.”
"Well," John rubbed the back of his neck. "I just thought, since you're through with school until next term starts in a month, and I've got the weekend off before the crazy Christmas incidents next week... I thought it'd be nice to, you know, celebrate. Spend some time, just the two of us."
’s mainsail and began to slide down it, slicing a long gash in the crimson fabric as he did so.
Now, he rolled over and pressed his face into the pillow. Judging from the light outside, he had slept through the rest of the previous day and the entire night. Would John even be here still? If Sherlock were the one leaving, he would have done so at night, maybe left a note, but otherwise gotten away clean.
“It's been three years, plenty of time to learn not to tolerate ridiculousness,” John replied shortly. “Now, no talking until you've eaten more.”
Winter grinned and nodded.
He drove the still burning sword into Moriarty’s chest.
"Yes, I’m fine. The pirates were… different than I expected."
“You are arrogant, Sherlock, to say these things,” he murmured. His voice was so low it bordered on indecent. But the next time he spoke, it was a cry that all could hear. And despite the volume, his voice was so casual and indifferent that shudders coursed up Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock led John to the captain’s cabin. The rest of the crew bunked together in their quarters, of course, but John found himself intrigued in spite of himself to see where Sherlock spent his time alone.
“There’s no need to be so-” he began, but Kitty Winter stepped forward again.
“Moriarty, yes.” The man nods. “Hi.”
“Where did I put that pencil?” he asks, a bit manic.
So why, he wondered, did letting that unknown ship sink give him pause?
“Eleven.”
“Have you noticed it?” Lestrade asked, eyes on the horizon.
and tear at the rug, but it’s too big or you’re too small or your heart too heavy.
He shrugged. “Resting. Cap says there's nothing can be done at the moment. I'm just... cleaning up.” He gestured at the scarlet stains spread across the deck.
“I want to talk to you.” Sebastian stood up straight though he kept his arms crossed. “I see you didn’t bring police.”
“I’m merely trying to get by-”
your commanding officer.” Sherlock nodded, seeming to understand.
“John,” Sherlock chuckles. “You’re overcompensating.”
“For another book?” Sherlock asks. He perks up, interest flooding his system, like the way a colored solution seeps through the translucent contents of a beaker.
The doors of the lift at last swung open, and John stepped out and headed down the corridor. His desk was crammed in a room with those of the other interns, but at least it was something to call his own. Hopefully he really had left the ID there…
And he wonders — how can someone so obviously brilliant also be so unsure and self-effacing? Why has it taken half a bottle of wine, several dates, and many hours, for him to start to open up?
Sherlock scrambled, flailing his arms in a desperate attempt to get to the surface. If only he knew which direction to swim.
That night, Sherlock fell asleep with a small smile on his face.
He steps past the front displays and registers and enters the main part of the store. Bookshelves constructed of glossy dark wood line all the walls, with sliding ladders placed here and there to reach upper shelves. There are chairs and sofas made of leather and wood and soft emerald fabric, and cheerful green lamps scattered about, along with various themed displays on tables placed periodically throughout the space.
“Has it not been good, so far?” Sherlock’s voice is small, and it twists John’s heart.
“Yeah,” Wiggins’ voice replied. “I’m sorry, Cap, there ain’t. I don’t got the training.”
At home you tear down the fairy lights
Sherlock chuckles. Even after just a few days apart, John’s ability to charm and enrapture him is hitting him all over again. Most people Sherlock finds idiotic and tiresome, but John he finds fascinating. And spending time with him in person, not just indirectly through his printed words, has proven even more exhilarating.
to find out if I survived my injury? Did… did you even care?”
“No, no, Sherlock,” John said quickly. “Not that. That stopped mattering to me long ago. You probably made the correct decision in that case, as far as I can figure.”
Sherlock watches John flick open a menu, then glance up at him expectantly. That expression, trusting and affectionate, like nothing Sherlock has ever known, makes him feel a bit bold all of a sudden.
“So, can I ask—?” A girl's voice reaches his ears. She sounds a little flustered, and a lot excited. A fan, obviously.
“Captain Holmes is quite good at getting me what I need,” she smiled. She seemed almost too young to be a ship’s doctor, perhaps four and twenty, but he truly could not judge, having not yet seen her at work.
"Yeah, you had a bit on your plate," John grinned down at him, feeling fondness well up inside him as Sherlock smiled back.
Sherlock felt the anxiety and worry fall away as he spun on his heels to face John, who was striding toward him. The slope of his shoulders, the set of his mouth, the speed of his walk, all pointed to one conclusion: he was tired, but preoccupied about something too.
“Look,” he says, trying to tread on neutral ground between giving up his argument and going on the offensive. “I don’t see why that should make you so guarded around me.”
“Hope he isn’t insufferable next time. His story’s up for work-shopping next,” John says in an undertone to Sherlock.
He sighed and buried his face in his hands. At the moment, he had half a mind to go into the bedroom, wake Sherlock, and kiss him until he smiled again. On the other hand… John had a lot of thinking to do. He had neglected his boyfriend, but in turn Sherlock had hidden major truths from him.
Bullets and harpoons continued to rain down. John made it to a longboat and clung to the side, watching helplessly as his men died around him.
“Well,” Kitty begins, fiddling with a tear in the corner of her notebook. “I got this email the other day, and I wanted to ask you about it. It’s from this publishing company, and I figured you might have heard of them. Like, it just sounded kind of dodgy, you know? A publishing company soliciting me to submit, basically? Is that normal?”
Mary. The wedding. The news of the baby.
Who is he kidding? Of course he isn’t special.
“James,” he said. “How are you?”
“You’re checking up on me?”
John looked up toward the decks of the
BOOM.
over.
’s bow, grabbed a rope, and jumped into oblivion.
Lestrade frowned but did not comment. “So, if you could get started on-”
John laughs, relieved. And Sherlock spins, coat twirling about him, and strides away with a spring in his step.
“I, erm… how do you know I’m a writer?” John shoots a glance at Sherlock, whose mouth twists into a painful-looking grimace.
“James!” he says, something in his gut tugging at him at the sight of the man in spite of himself. “Fancy seeing you out and about!”
They appeared sufficiently chagrined at his raised voice. He eyed each man, then nodded. It would have to do; a grudging truce was better than none at all. Besides, their time aboard this ship would be temporary.
“I know,” Sherlock said. “I know, I just… I didn’t think they would charge him so soon.”
Her eyes widened and she nodded. John dashed back to the cabin as she finished tying off the bandage, and perched next to Sherlock.
“Of course. She’s the flagship, the pride and joy of the NOTP, according to my contacts. Other than the threat of being killed for being a spy, working for the East India Company has its perks,” he added to John. “They sometimes work with or hire NOTP ships, so I’ve got good information from my time with them.”
PS, I don't know why I am incapable of posting things set during Christmas, actually during Christmas. Oh well.
Greg bent forward so their heads were together. He didn't know when he and Molly had become so obsessed with this, but he could hardly back down now.
Minutes passed with agonizing slowness. John wanted to venture down to the infirmary, but knew without attempting that his presence would be unwelcome. Sherlock and Wiggins would be busy; any distraction could prove damaging to their patient.
“... Sorry, what?”
Sherlock considered. Not the most awful person to have contact him, he supposed.
but you seem unimpressed with your own skill.
“What the
“I have spies everywhere, Sherlock,” Moriarty sighed, sounding a bit exasperated. “Honestly, you think I wouldn’t have heard about your scandalous little romance with a Navy man? I was curious, not to mention your darling later took a troublesome sailor on board, who had seen something he shouldn’t have.”
movement.
Look what he had done to them.
“No, not that,” he grinned wider now. “I mean when you fell from heaven.”
“Good.” John stood and addressed Molly. “Is there anything else we need to do for him?”
In London, late autumn departs in a rush of chill wind. Everyone throws more layers on themselves even as they throw fairy lights on everything else. Despite the lack of snow, the holiday spirit is everywhere.
,” he reads. “It… this is your first book. This is the entire series.”
“Yes?” John looks up, a polite smile on his face.
Sherlock pulls the curtains closed and moves to the side table, where he plugs his phone in. This mundane task seems special: after all, this is the first time he has charged his phone since John said he loves him.
John clenches his jaw, but stops himself leaping to Sherlock’s defense. The man can fight his own battles, right?
John swallowed and glanced at him. “Yes, it is.”
“I suppose I’d better go,” Sherlock frowns. He glances out at the street, where the rain has slowed to barely a sprinkle. “My lab is early tomorrow morning.”
“I suppose. Find the pipettes in the supply closet. Anderson never puts things away where they should be.”
What had he done?
"You're the one who did it," Sherlock retorted, pressing his lips together to keep from grinning.
“Don’t try to butter me up. Tell me what you’re here to say.”
because alone is all I have
Which was true; the last time John had kissed him - properly, that was - had been three whole days ago, and any cuddling that happened lately took place while John was asleep, which Sherlock didn’t count. He missed the encouragement, the physical affection.
John smiles at him, mouths “thank you,” and pages through it.
“You mean you dropped it while carrying all our stuff up the stairs when we moved in,” John corrected, though without any irritation in his voice.
And God, John delighted in this. Sherlock kissed with the single-minded focus with which he approached everything. But to have such attentions fixed solely on John, on giving John pleasure, was intoxicating. Sherlock may be somewhat new at this, but he had proved himself over the course of the previous night to be a swift and thorough learner.
The rest of his profile he kept rather sparse.
John smiled in spite of himself. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock turned that radiant smile on him, and John felt himself puff up a bit. “I believe,” Sherlock said. “They have dual goals. On one hand, they are seeking to become dominant in the ocean. With war with France likely to come soon, England will not soon have the resources or time to compete with them. And the EIC will be too occupied with making deals with both sides to worry about the NOTP. Therefore, now is the time to make their move.
She reaches out and pats his cheek in a motherly manner that twists John’s heart. He sits next to her, Mycroft on his left. William sits on Margaret’s other side, takes her hand in his, then leans over to address John again.
Something twisted in Sherlock’s expression then, so quick John almost missed it. But he didn’t, and realization set in without warning. The look in Sherlock’s eyes, the genuine tone of his voice, made him believe the man. He may be a pirate, but he might actually be truthful about his worry over his friend.
“Good riddance,” she said. Her arm was wrapped, protective, across her torso, hand over the place Sebastian had stabbed her.
He'd just found a place, with food, which was probably a good idea - John would certainly be hungry, and even Sherlock was a touch peckish by now - when he heard his name called.
“Right,” John raised an eyebrow at him. “Clearly.”
James Sholto sat in the infirmary, arms crossed and eyeing Hooper wearily. When John entered, both heads turned toward him.
was terrible, but given a choice, I'd choose you over the ship any time.
Eventually, the conversation fades as they both feel drowsiness tug at them — both from the hour, and from the wine.
Yet, he thinks.
Mycroft? I thought the three of us were going to go directly to the NOTP’s superiors
And bright verdant-blue eyes crinkled with delight as Sherlock Holmes gazed over his domain from the prow of his ship.
They fell silent for a beat, then she patted his arm and moved away. “Go see to your man in the infirmary,” she instructed. “I can handle your boys here if they stir up a fuss.”
“I know,” John exhaled. “I just… I don’t know how to begin.”
When they broke apart, John's chest was rising and falling, and not from laughter. Sherlock beamed at him, smugness written all over him.
He was wrong. This was worse. This was the worst thing she had ever done.
“You could have told him, but you didn’t. What an awful boyfriend. You always were a freak, a loner. No wonder you didn’t tell him about me. You weirdo, you wanted to deal with me all on your own, didn’t you?”
is a bit… much.
John freezes. “Wh… what?”
"Fine," he murmured, nodding. "Just the bandage."
John swallowed hard. Victor’s absence felt like an omen, though he could not decide why. There was something afoot here, something neither he nor Sherlock, nor indeed anyone else aboard the pirate ship, had foreseen.
“Well, you'll be pleased to know it was one of the few things we found. Before we left Wales, some of our things washed up.”
She watched him go, heart hammering. But not for the reason one might think — yes, he had been scrutinizing her scientific procedure and data recording, and yes, he was rather a handsome man. But no, Molly's heart hammered because of what she had noticed.
John stares. “I don’t understand.”
Sherlock felt like sinking through the floor. “I know. I’m sorry.”
Yet you press them into me with each kiss, every embrace
Moriarty spun, dragging Sherlock with him. John stood mere feet away, hand holding his pistol dangling at his side, his sword leveled at Moriarty’s eyes. His chest was heaving, but he still grinned that beautiful, exhilarated grin of a man whose plan had gone exactly how it was intended.
“I’m tired of being unable to walk,” Sherlock admitted.
“Hey,” John greets with a bright smile. “How are you?”
Sherlock smiled, pleased with himself. “Am I a good influence, John?”
“You spoke to Mycroft?” Sherlock's eyes flew wide. “My condolences.”
“No,” Sherlock’s tone is distracted. He appears to be more interested in using his mouth for exploring the curve of John’s collarbone than for speech. “She told me as she was leaving your signing that she had to go shopping and then was going to bridge with her friends. So she won’t be back for a while yet.”
John nodded. “I guess when the bloke is also a proven drug dealer and shows no remorse for what he did to you, they tend to move quickly. I guess his family is also not exactly rich, so it’s not like they could get him off on community service or something.”
“Oh?” Sherlock teased. He felt more at ease than he had in ages. “What else? I wasn’t aware there was anything to life besides working.”
Wiggins' eyebrows rose. “Thanks.”
“John,” Sherlock said, raising his hands in a protective gesture. “John, no…”
“Thank you. For being patient.” Gratitude. That’s rare for Sherlock, but yet again, John makes it feel alright.
He hated the thought that soon, he would have to say “goodbye.”
Sebastian ignored her. So did Winter.
“So what’s he like?”
John just beams at him, and Sherlock leans forward to kiss that knowing, teasing expression off his face. Perhaps John is more correct than Sherlock wants to let on. Perhaps this is a time for venturing down new paths, taking new leaps, turning to new pages.
She and John bump fists and chuckle. He reaches for her book and asks her name, signing with his apparently customary flourish. Meanwhile, the girl's friend shifts closer. Until this point, he's hovered behind her, watching. Sherlock eyes him, suddenly suspicious.
“Yeah, alright. Why not?”
She nodded, then glanced around the classroom. Only about half their fellow students had arrived, and their professor had not yet come in either. This was hardly a surprise, being the first day back after the spring holidays.
Sherlock groans, flops to the side, and stretches out. He really should do something else, should go find a book or do an experiment or force himself to sleep or
“Hello, Mr. Sholto,” he greets, shaking his hand. “Thank you very much for helping me.”
“You must be John!” Mrs. Holmes exclaims, leaping to her feet and bustling past a mildly affronted Mycroft to pull John into an embrace.
Fairy lights illuminate silky fur;
?” Sherlock is flabbergasted.
John sucked in a slow breath. “There’s just… something I wanted to talk to you about. Nothing bad, just… important.”
The pirate captain shook his head. “On the contrary. My brother may irk me like no other, but he is useful at times, not to mention dedicated to our goals. Victor’s cover was paramount, and providing him with a better one appears to have been the best course for his investigation. It is a logical conclusion: The less we know about one another’s plans, the better off we would be in the event one of us is captured.”
Yes, it is most likely that the man will think better of spending time with Sherlock. It is only a matter of time before John makes that decision on his own, or Sherlock does something to upset him and drive him away. And their rapport turns to cinders in an instant.
“We have a daughter to think about,” Sherlock said when John asked if he was okay with it all. “I would be heartless if I didn’t think of her. Besides,” he rushed on, as if to cover up the lapse into sentiment, “you’re slowing down, old man. I would be quite rude to expect you to keep up with me forever.”
“John!” he says, mouth going round in surprise. “What are you doing here?”
“What?” John asked.
“I don’t know what you mean,” John evaded. He was grateful Irene could not hear his heart start to pound.
John grinned at the rare praise; Sherlock's compliments of anything were usually understated or in the form of a mere nod.
John nodded. “Thank you, Irene. And thank Wiggins for me, would you? What happened isn’t his fault, I hope he knows that.”
sight.”
“Yes, it is,” he says, and he takes Sherlock's hand. “He's told me about you, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Well, I hope Sherlock took his coat when he left.”
“Sure. I’m just in between events. Got my signing starting in a few minutes, but I snuck to the break room for a cup of tea.” John sounds pleased, and Sherlock feels his chest lighten at the sound of his voice. “You alright?”
That expression makes John’s heart squeeze in his chest, makes him want to shift forward and wrap himself around Sherlock and assure him he is just utterly marvelous.
John fought down a blush. “Oh?”
Footsteps sounded like thunderclaps to John, but they soon retreated and left calming silence in their place. Then, soft lips brushed against his fringe.
They faced off, but before John could make firm his hold on his sword, Irene was moving. Her weapon collided with his, sending vibrations up his limb. He winced and pushed her sword away, staggering slightly. She waited for him to right himself, then stepped forward again. This time, her thrust sent his sword high, arm jerking with it as he fought to keep his grip. Damn, she was strong.
“So,” John says, laughing. “Do you just not eat when school’s in?”
“Yes, we will! Okay, John, I’ve got to get all this tour information confirmed with our marketing people. Talk soon.”
“J-John…” he keened softly.
But other men's cries interrupted him, and John was engulfed in hugs by the crew of the
“Yeah, you could say that. If I ever meet him, I won’t mention you said all that.”
“Why are you still carrying that poor thing around?” John asks, not bothering to hide his amusement.
He doesn’t look different — still long-faced and sharp-angled and pale-skinned. Why doesn’t he look different? John loves him; he should be
Sherlock’s tone sounded provoking. John raised his eyebrows. “Is that a challenge?”
When he returns to Sherlock, he finds him still crouched down on the pavement, eyes fixed on the open page of one of his books. John realizes which one it happens to be and watches for a reaction from Sherlock.
“Oh?” John teased. “Shame. I rather liked the sound of that description.”
Sherlock turns John to face him, starting to grin. “John, that’s brilliant! Aren’t you excited?”
“I don’t think they just mean kissing when they say ‘age of consent,’ John,” Sherlock said.
. “But there’s one thing I don’t understand. If the red sails are their signature, why did they not drop them when attacking us?”
When at last they separated, John kept his eyes closed for a moment. The need to savour what had just happened was intense, as if the memory of the kiss sunk into his very soul, imploring—
John, who has already had to coax Sherlock to even eat soup, nods.
“What if I want answers right now? I dislike not knowing things, John,  you know this. Especially things about myself.”
“Oh, I beg your pardon,” Sherlock snaps back. “Was I
“I had such high hopes for you, Sherlock. I’ve been watching all these years, ever since you got your beloved little
John grinned as an amended strategy blossomed in his mind. And so he summoned Ekene, examined the man’s maps and markings, then twisted the wheel.
Greg sauntered off, linking arms with another member of the
Mycroft inclined his head, then swept away. Leaving John alone in the dark.
Those nearest responded within instants, though several farther along the deck did not appear to hear him. Most did not drop their weapons, only lowered them to their sides. He called out again, but Irene put a hand on his arm to stay him.
“Yeah,” he laughed. “Though let's keep that a secret between us too.”
Sherlock felt his ears burn. “Oh.”
His words rang, carrying over the deck and across the water. Moriarty let them, for just a moment, but then approached until he and Sherlock were nearly nose to nose.
“Nothing, I…” he moves forward for a better look around. John follows, then squeezes his arm, grinning up at him in amusement as Sherlock stops again, staring around in awe.
“Come on, Watson,” Sherlock was saying, coming back within earshot. “Are you hungry?”
There was a few second pause, in which everyone stared at him. He shifted, and glanced around, glad suddenly that they were sequestered in a private study room in the library, rather than in a restaurant or the uni cafeteria. Seriously, what had possessed him to say that, just out of the blue?
Later that afternoon, Sherlock stands on the pavement of a narrow residential street in the center of Zone 2 in northwest London. It’s on the (relatively) poorer edge of a posh area, though still far beyond the reach of Sherlock’s own budget. He can only afford his current home because of Mrs. Hudson, no other reason.
John had been entirely behind the plan to go to Scotland Yard, talk to Lestrade and whoever else might be willing to help them, and then stop Sebastian. He had not, however, been entirely behind the plan to try using Sherlock’s homeless network. How was Sherlock to know that would even work? How did he know these people were not criminals themselves, or friends of Sebastian’s? So John had fumed the entire time Sherlock passed messages, and by the time they had arrived in Lestrade’s office, he felt his temper once again simmering far too near the surface.
John, soft and peaceful next to him, did not appear to be fully awake yet, but Sherlock’s words made him shift and his eyelids to flutter. He rolled over, sliding the pillow beneath his smiling face, and Sherlock reached out to rest a hand on his arm.
buy the next one,” he gets out between giggles. After all, he just signed it.
No. He was not going to allow this to keep him down in the infirmary again. He straightened and shook off his discomfort, then stepped toward the stairs.
Sherlock raised his head to reveal a smile. "I suppose that's acceptable," he quipped.
“Oh please, brother mine,” Mycroft scoffs. “You have always been so dramatic. When have I interfered in any of your choices?”
“I’m twenty-four years old, John,” he begins, voice earnest. His gaze is trained upon his own, now-empty hands. “You would think by now I’d have had at least one serious romantic relationship, but I haven’t. No one has ever looked at me, talked to me for more than a few minutes, and decided that I am someone they could make a life with, or even give a second look to. I’ve been called many things, but never... boyfriend material.” He speaks the last two words with an odd combination of disdain and wistfulness.
Right. John shook his head to clear it and began to follow the boy down. He did not have much time for introspection, not when there were mysterious occurrences afoot. He had come to the western edge of Wales for a week only, to escape the constricting nature of life with the retired old captains of the Royal Navy. London was fine, but needless to say, a week’s vacation would surely do him good.
He swung over the sea and up toward the
The blush has returned, John notices when he looks back up. The man’s hands are dug deep into the pockets of his long coat, and he bites down on his lip.
Sherlock blinked. “My father.”
“I just want to say this,” John continued. “And don’t feel pressured to say it back but… I…” He swallowed and gulped a deep, stabilizing breath. “I think I might be falling in love with you.”
“Ah,” John nodded. “Need a hand?”
Behind his closed eyelids, John’s face swam before him. That fascinating face, so ordinary at first glance but containing such multitudes. Now, he watched Sherlock with plaintive earnestness.
The man does, moving as if to rest one foot on his knee, then seems to think better of it and sets both feet down flat on the floor. He leans back in his chair with his arms crossed. John, meanwhile, slides the pile of books—nine in number, paperback and hardcover, and in varying states of wear-and-tear—over to his table and flicks one open to the title page. It happens to be
, he tells himself.
“Alright, now that we’re actually inside, let’s open our books…”
His boyfriend, who had sprawled out on the entire space, limbs a complete disaster. He looked as though he'd thrown himself, spread-eagled, through the air and landed face-first on the pile.
John pressed his fingers to Sherlock’s wrist and breathed a sigh of relief when he felt the pulse beneath the skin. “Heartbeat is strong,” he reported.
As he nears the convention centre, Sherlock hoists his bag higher on his shoulder. He hasn’t had time to get a hotel room, planning to crash with John in his. Perhaps a bold decision, considered John has no idea he’s here, but oh well.
had begun, John felt at ease. He had the distinct impression that the man drifting to sleep in front of him had something to do with that feeling.
Before Sherlock can formulate an answer, however, John’s stomach makes a soft rumble. “Are we going to get lunch?” he says instead.
Together, Sherlock and John entered the flat and slipped upstairs before Mrs. Hudson could hear and come fussing over them. Telling her about what happened could wait until another day, both decided with only a glance at the other. Up in the flat, Sherlock slipped away into the bedroom without another word. John stood in the sitting room, listening. He heard soft noises of running water, the laundry basket lid lifting and thumping back down, then the rustling of sheets and creak of springs as Sherlock climbed into bed. He thought he heard Sherlock sniffle as he settled down, and wondered with a jolt if the younger man was fighting off tears.
“I love you too, Captain Holmes.”
John waited just long enough to watch the light fade from Moriarty’s eyes before he was moving.
He swallowed. Did Mycroft not know what had happened to the
“Eat these,” he shoved them into Sholto’s hands. “I’ll get us some more food in a bit.”
— and after seeing how he treats and is treated by people like Sebastian.
John nodded. “Absolutely.”
John frowned. “Such as?”
He pulled away and strode off.
Sherlock was the first to speak. “John,” he sighed, nuzzling into his chest.
“Thinking of me in what way?” Sherlock asks. He knows what John is going to say — of course he does; he’s not an
Sherlock laughs without humour. “Should I settle for your lifestyle then? Hiring someone for sex on Christmas? Playing at being sophisticated but failing every class you take?”
“Did you have a big breakfast before class or something?”
“Sherlock?” Lestrade asked. “What is it?”
Sherlock grumbles, but is smiling, and he allows John to take his hand as they depart the library.
At the entrance, he pauses. Sholto has promised to meet him to give him his floor pass… so where is he?
Sherlock’s lips spread into a thin line. “He was.”
“Until you wrote the sonnet?”
She nods and pulls out her phone, hits a few buttons, and hands it over. “I haven’t replied yet. I tried googling them, but I can’t find any helpful reviews, really.”
Sherlock presses his lips together in a thin smile. “Good. And I’m buying. It’s a cheap date, but I’ll pay for tomorrow night too.”
Besides, John will be waiting.
Valentine?”
He fixes his gaze on Sherlock, who’s curled up on the floor beside him. They ended up on the rug of 221B a while ago, though to be honest, John can’t quite remember how or why. Somewhere around his third cup of Sherlock’s homemade mulled wine, he’s lost track of what’s going on.
“I don’t have anything to say to you.”
John felt something solid and warm under his fingertips. His salvation.
Sherlock refers to his brief relationship with Victor Trevor in
John stiffened. “What? I mean, unless…” His eyes widened and flashed with fear. “Unless you… don’t want…? Of course, I understand, I mean. I can’t exactly expect you to forgive me. I should just-” He stepped away from the bed, back toward the door.
“What happened to your father?” he asked, cautious. He sensed the answer could be nothing good.
, John mused as he stood over Sherlock, who still slumbered on,
“Listen, I really am sorry about James earlier. I know I apologized already, but… You should know he’s not usually like that.”
He rises fully, steps to the side, and gestures toward the green armchair.
He sank back to his knees. The blood was soaking half his chest now. His vision blurred—was that the fog condensing on his eyelashes, or was he losing consciousness?—and he felt his heart pounding hard, as if to make up for the blood he was losing. Pain like fire coursed through him.
“They did not need to come to our aid,” John replied. “So. While we are aboard this vessel, we will keep a civil manner. Not a single incident is to occur against them. Not a look, or a word, or an action. This is their ship, and therefore they will receive our cooperation.”
And the flutter in Sherlock’s heart makes him think again that, perhaps, a proper relationship doesn’t have to be terrifying. Perhaps it can be good.
James was frowning. “Is that the only reason?”
“I, erm, did wish to broach a certain subject with you,” Sherlock said without warning.
“Well, the total arse who threatened to stab my gorgeous boyfriend is in prison for a long time, I am passing all my modules, and I have nothing to do this weekend except spend time with my aforementioned gorgeous boyfriend. Something I plan to take full advantage of.” John’s nose pressed into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock could feel his smile.
They launch into a discussion of motivations and backstories and characterization, which lasts nearly an hour. John is surprised to find it’s — effortless, talking like this with Sherlock. Certainly, they’ve been better about communication in general since New Year’s, but this is the first time John has opened up this much about his new manuscript. Up until now, Sherlock’s near-insatiable curiosity about it has been sustained by small scraps of information. So this abrupt divulgence of the entire story should make John feel vulnerable.
The image of the man’s face, soft and smiling, reaching for him in his bed, swam in front of him, even as his grip slackened and he fell back into the water.
“Nothing’s ever happened between him and me, Sherlock,” he says. “I never thought about it much, and besides, I have you now.” He shifts closer until their lips are a breath apart. “I’ve never felt like this with anyone else. So don’t be jealous.”
“Doubtful. I only left a letter with a trusted contact in the Cape three months ago. I felt it was valuable to remain 'dead' as long as possible lest the NOTP hear of my survival. However, I needed information from him. I do wish I had seen his reaction when he read it, though…”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I don’t mind it here. It’s near enough to campus and to everything else interesting here, and…” His cheeks flamed and he looked down, biting his lip to stifle the treacherous words he had nearly let slip out.
“You’ve not trained much with the sword,” Sherlock said with no small amount of amusement. John tried not to bristle with irritation, despite the truth of the other man’s words. “Your grip is amateur, and your actual technique…” He shook his head. “You’d not last long in a proper battle. You were lucky Irene allowed you to try as long as she did during your duel.”
“I’ll tell you in a moment.” Ekene was asking Sherlock something, so the captain turned back to him, and they began to discuss.
He continued stroking Sherlock’s hair for several minutes, soaking in the sensation and the quiet that settled around them. The waves were rhythmic and steady beneath the ship, and for the first time since before the attack on the
“True. But there's no way to know Watson left it.”
curling into an indentation you’ll soon reclaim,
“I’m glad I bumped into you,” James addresses John. “I was going to call you tomorrow to see how the new manuscript is coming.”
“Come on then.” He finally pulls away from Sherlock’s lips. “Let’s see what Father Christmas has brought us.”
“That too, but he also seemed far too satisfied with his own perceived fame.” The cogs in Sherlock’s mind are turning faster now. He remembers his brief conversation with the man, how he had been unable to deduce anything useful. Moriarty had also been rather… familiar with him, touching his arm, leaning into his space.
He nudges at John with his nose, so John takes the hint and kisses him. He melts into the touch, having ached to do this since this morning. But the ceremony, then taking Sherlock’s family and Mrs. Hudson out to dinner, had prevented them from having any real time to themselves.
“And I bet that eats at you,” Moriarty murmured, smirking. “Allow me to move the narrative backwards a bit, before we get to your dear Johnny, shall we?
,” Sherlock snapped, ever impatient. “What did your contacts tell you she looks like?”
been a fool.
A pause, then: “No.”
She gave him a watery smile. “Yes.”
Sure enough, as they got up and located pyjama bottoms to wear — Sherlock wordlessly handing John spares to borrow — sounds drifted down to them from the upstairs bedroom. Sherlock’s eyes lit up, and he swept out of the room the moment his clothes were on. John watched, feeling warm. He’d never been this content with Mary, hadn’t felt this way since… well, since before Moriarty had sent Sherlock, arms pinwheeling, off a roof.
“I do have something to tell you though,” John murmured as they headed inside. Sherlock frowned as he watched John rummage for his keys and let them into his flat.
“Nevertheless, they were there.”
His lips tug upwards, though he feels oddly shy. “It was... good.”
“Listen,” John snapped, frustrated. “I don't care what your expectations of this conversation are. I only care that you have attacked a ship of the British Royal Navy and kidnapped a crew member. You fly no flag of allegiance, which makes you a pirate. Which, in turn, makes you my enemy.”
, and despite John’s less-than-genial feelings toward the captain, those emotions did not extend to his crew.
Sherlock shrugged, his cheeks warming. “It’s just… it’ll be the end of term in a few months, and both our leases are up. Most students in our year will be moving to different accommodations, especially you, since you’re going to be doing your work at one of the teaching hospitals next year, so I thought you’d want to move farther into the city…”
“So you and Sherlock…” Victor’s gently amused voice broke into John’s thoughts. He was smirking.
“Now?” Molly frowned.
Her reply is near-instantaneous.
“Now may we speak?”
He hated it. He thought he might hate himself too.
“Finally,” the detective greeted them as they knocked and entered. “What took you so long?”
“Does he know about the
“What about him?” Sherlock’s reply was sharper and louder than he intended, but he could not deny the way ice seemed to crystallize in his chest at the sound of the name. “What’s happened?”
John is wearing a pair of dark-wash jeans, soft-looking wool socks, and a royal blue button-up. Eyeing him, Sherlock observes this is the third shirt he’s put on in the last half-hour or so. Obvious from his wrists. But why? Surely… surely he is not trying to impress
When Sherlock rounds the corner and spots the bookstore, Sidney’s Pages, he sees John leaning, casual as you please, against the wall. The writer is wearing a soft-looking gunpowder grey button-up, in a shade that brings out the glint in his eyes, and also makes them look all the bluer for the contrast.
Sherlock nods, and John gives him a soft look — not quite a smile, but as warming and comforting as one.
“Yeah.”
“Sherlock?” Irene murmured, approaching. “How is Kitty?”
“And ten more fighters,” Ekene added.
“Hey.” He tried to catch Sherlock’s eye, and so slipped his fingers under his chin to tilt his head back up. “Do you mean that?”
“Sherlock,” John half-sighs, half-kisses into his skin as he shifts his head to graze his mouth across Sherlock’s jaw. “I love you.”
“He played us
Sherlock sneers. “My archenemy.”
“Well, at least I have an interrogation to look forward to tomorrow,” Sherlock moans, his face hidden by his hand. John reaches out and tugs it away, pressing a quick kiss to his knuckles.
Water, nothing but water.
The instant they were alone, something in Sherlock’s expression softened. “John.” He stared at John as if he had been bidden to memorize him.
John cannot resist turning his head a bit, just enough to bring their mouths together in a gentle kiss. Sherlock returns the kiss immediately, and something in it tastes of relief. John, spurred on by this observation, pours all his affection into their contact; Sherlock should never have to doubt him, and if John has anything to say about it, no one — not even people like James Sholto — will make Sherlock feel unsure again.
was moored, twin sets of sails rolled up. Still, a shudder passed through John at the sight, and Sherlock’s hand moved to his shoulder.
John glances down. He’s forgotten in the last few minutes, but yes, he is indeed wearing
“What?” Sherlock snaps immediately, voice saturated with exasperation — but also poorly disguised amusement. “Why did you give me this if you’re only going to interrupt me constantly?”
“Oh,” Sherlock breathed. “Lestrade-”
The next days swept by in a rush, so quickly that John felt Sherlock slipping away with each passing breath, even as he held onto him tighter. Each kiss, each touch, seemed all the sweeter to John, though Sherlock was preoccupied and quiet most of the time. The pirate captain was focused on getting the ship into Lisbon safely, and seeing to it that John’s wound did not worsen.
risk my crew,” Sherlock hissed, shoving John aside again and reclaiming the wheel for his own.
The look Sherlock leveled at him would have made a lesser man quail and apologize for their stupidity, but John, who was not a lesser man, just smiled in defiance.
“Thank you again, Sherlock,” he says. “I know this was hard for you.”
“What makes you think it was me?” John asked, blocking yet another assault by the man’s sword. “When would I have had time to do anything?”
Sherlock can’t help but kiss his cheek. “Well, you deserve it. Of course, personally, I would loathe being famous, but when it comes to being an author, this is good. Your books are touching lives, John, more than ever. This is something to be proud of.”
John lay awake in the captain’s cabin for what felt like hours after coming below-decks, thinking of Sherlock, and why the idea of parting with him hurt so keenly. He should want to embrace with open arms to his old, dependable, crime-free life. His old self, of a fortnight and an age ago, would have wanted that.
Because Sherlock could not deny it anymore: he was frightened. Two weeks had passed now since the carnival, and Sherlock still had been unable to divine how Sebastian knew the things he did, like where John worked and what Sherlock was wearing, but it scared him.
John pushed hard against the man’s restraining hands once again, but cried out and fell back, both from the pain and from his anger. “You still wounded some of my men. I saw! They might be dead by now!” he gritted out.
*hysterical laughter* I'm not terrified of posting terrible poetry, of course not. But several of you said you'd be willing to read some of Sherlock's work, and since you are all so sweet, I can't say no to you.
Irene and Ekene exchanged an amused, conspiratorial look. “And the Captain?” she pressed. “What of him?”
“Isn’t it?” Sherlock shot back, rising to his feet as well. “He isn’t texting
do what I do. You will have heard that pirates all seek to take down the governments of Europe and the Americas, or that we possess an egomaniacal desire for riches, but you would be wrong, about both me and my crew. I rejected my country of birth, yes, but I did because it betrayed me.”
Sherlock nodded with relish. “Mycroft’s missive included a rough description of the ship. It is large, bulky, equipped with at least four dozen cannons, and most notably has red sails.”
Before he let himself get too carried away, though, he shook his head and stood. He had volunteered to take one of the watches that night and knew he needed to sleep before the time came. If the ship was going to continue following them, he wanted to be awake to keep an eye on it.
Sherlock contemplates him for several lengthy moments, emotions swirling through his mind palace. John’s skin is warm and soft under his fingertips. The writer releases Sherlock’s face, shifting back again as if to give Sherlock some space, some freedom of movement if he wants to retreat. And now, Sherlock knows that John will let him retreat.
Sherlock scowls, but nods. “Fine.” He clearly is attempting to maintain a serious expression, but John sees his lip twitch. He is not fooling John with his haughty air.
for a man I’ve only just met?”
But Victor winced, and sweat had broken out on his forehead. He dropped his head back down onto the infirmary table. “I…”
“Congratulations,” John muttered wryly. He strode forward, examining the cabin for damage. Other than the papers pinned on the walls and strewn across the floor, and the thick scent of powder, nothing seemed harmed. At least Sherlock had shot through the open window, and not into the hull. “I don’t think it’s working.”
Sherlock pulled away from him, a single hand on the wheel, and pursed his lips. “It was only for a moment. I can walk short distances.”
John let out a surprised laugh. “Love, you know that bet was only for a month? You won by, like, almost double.”
“Of course, of course.” He gestured her forward. “Did you email it or upload it to the class page?”
“Just come in.”
“I truly am sorry, though,” Victor said. “If I had known you were unaware of my situation, I would have found a way to tell you.”
, the crew stirred and began to move about the vessel, tending to early morning duties with sleepy eyes.
“Well… yeah.” John straightens his spine, trying to ignore his nerves. Instead, he imagines waking every day with Sherlock, without fail. He imagines moving his possessions over, and bickering about where to put them amongst Sherlock’s things. He imagines sorting through their separate book collections, and deciding to combine them as a single one.
John lifted the telescope and sighted the ship, only a faint silhouette on the horizon. It had a favourable wind at the moment, but that was what they were counting on. According to Sherlock’s notes, the
and her destroyer.
, was a good one. Sturdy and large, but still maneuverable, it was one of the best ships of the line he had ever seen.
“Because I would not want to forget... who I am now,” Sherlock said. “I feel that I... I am different, perhaps even better, and I would not change that. And I cannot bring myself to regret certain things... certain things
“I started my undergraduate course when I was seventeen, actually,” Sherlock says, a hint of pride in his words.
John clapped him on the shoulder. “I am glad. We could use your combat abilities.”
“John,” Sherlock breathes.
John managed a soft laugh at that. “I… I do want to ask you. And I definitely want to ask you soon.” He couldn’t tear his gaze away from Sherlock as he inhaled slowly. “Do…
The man did not awaken for hours. The day had shifted into afternoon, and John was nodding off in the chair beside him by the time he at last opened his eyes.
“I do,” Sherlock insists. “I only read yours to begin with because my landlady gave them to me!” He rolls his eyes, but John can see the poorly disguised affection behind the gesture. “She knows I used to have an interest in criminology a few years back and thought I might enjoy them. Trust me, if you knew her, you’d understand why I
greeting.
John sets down the spatula and grabs Sherlock for a quick kiss. “It’s called breakfast in bed for a reason, yeah? Go lie down.”
“Us?” Sherlock stammered. “You’re really going to help me?”
"There he is!"
was well out of port. The closer to dawn he completed his mission, the more streamlined the attack would be. This was a gamble and balancing act all in one, however, for the longer Sherlock stayed on the ship before giving a signal was that much more time he could be discovered. It was a risk he was willing to take, though. After all, he was clever. He could do this. No one on board had any idea he was here—a fact which they would come to regret once they learned what damage he was doing to their ship.
John lets out a quiet sound, some marvelously unusual combination of a whimper, a gasp, and a laugh, and his eyes glisten. He slides his hand from the side of Sherlock’s face to the back of his neck, pulling him down so their foreheads touch. Something Sherlock might dare to call delight dances across his countenance. They both close their eyes, sit there, and breathe.
to get to know you, please,
James nods, unruffled by the frustration John knows he’s let seep into his words. “I can work with that.”
An hour later, John strides down the corridor, toward his usual classroom. He can already hear his writing kids—he still feels odd calling them students—chattering away inside the room. After a full term and then some together, these writers have become quite close. All of them are rather serious about developing and preparing their manuscripts for possible publication, and he has delighted in watching their skills in prose, plot, and personalities develop over time.
Serious matters are discussed, and John has an epiphany. And perhaps some cuddles happen.
By this time, Sherlock is finishing washing up. John’s head jerks up when he hears an alarming bang from the kitchen. Sherlock has, evidently, turned around and rammed his hip into the corner of the table, setting the objects atop it rattling. His wide eyes are fixed on John, lips parted slightly.
“A way in?” Holmes raised an eyebrow, a slight smirk on his face. “I can help with that.”
And Sherlock couldn’t breathe.
“For me?”
“How do you expect me to know what to do in a relationship?” Sherlock says, his own voice increasing in volume now. “I’ve just said I never had one!”
Sherlock stepped close but did not meet John’s gaze. “Let’s go,” he murmured, voice still a little hoarse and feeble.
“Of course it has, of course,” John gives him a squeeze. “But Sherlock, we could be so much more. You just… you just have to let me in.”
Irene looked up, however, and appraised John. Her icy blue eyes were sharp. “Well, he can untie these.” She scooped up the ropes in one go and tossed them upward into John’s arms. He caught them, staggering back a bit at the sudden weight.
“Oh,” John blinks. “Sorry. I think this mulled wine is making me a little maudlin.”
“Yes sir. Let me know if he gets worse, yeah?”
“Of course.” When the man moves away to help another customer, though, Sebastian glares again. “Honestly, Sherlock, a freak like you isn’t going to last long in this situation. You’d better just quit while you’re ahead.”
Sherlock tilts his head. “You’re still going to win.”
Sherlock grins, and for a moment, John forgets his self-doubt.
to matter?
“I’m better now,” John insisted. “And I want to do something. You say I’m not prisoner. I need to do something.” He did not know how else to explain it; he just knew he would succumb to fear and worry and pain without work.
Janine was going to be insufferable.
“What is it?” Sherlock’s tone bordered on formal, a key indication that he was nervous.
“Don’t give them your work,” Sherlock blurts. Kitty’s brown eyes flash to him, as do John’s blue ones. He swallows. “Sorry, just… they don’t sound trustworthy, and your writing is worth much better treatment than that.”
John waved off the continued laughter, which was now punctuated by whistles and amiable jeers, and made his way up to his lover. Sherlock watched his assent with a raised eyebrow and that soft smile still present on his face.
He turns and sighs in relief. James Sholto, looking rather dashing in a smart but not too formal suit, approaches him from a side door. Sherlock smiles; as uncomfortable as their interaction might turn out to be, seeing Sholto means he is one step closer to seeing John.
Oh, what had become of him? And in such a short amount of time?
into us. You attacked us. How can you know none of the wounds the
Sherlock’s eyes were sparkling with green-blue excitement. “We have no chance to surviving, let alone succeeding in destroying them, if they can use their weapons.”
A mere day, not even a full twenty-four hours, has passed since John has seen him. Yet the question makes Sherlock feel oddly light; John’s interest in his well-being is quite a novelty.
John reminded himself.
“So I made it the right time,” he concluded.
A voice in his head, one which sounded suspiciously like Janine’s, whispered in his head.
He groaned and leaned back in his chair, balancing it on the two back legs as he thought.
“I don't know how to do any of this, John. I've never... you're the first person I... I didn't expect to react the way I did to them. It just— happened. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry I ruined dinner.”
“Probably. Or let it. I mean, I won’t need it.” His heart seems to sing. Though this won’t be a massive change from their day to day, John still adores the thought of calling this place
Sherlock paces up and down the narrow aisle between booths. A dozen people have lined up before John’s place, and a young woman — obviously an employee of the convention centre — is adding a water bottle and a pen to the book-laden table.
“What are you talking about?” Could John be serious? Could he really be fighting for them? For Sherlock? Sherlock had never thought of himself as someone anyone would want to fight for.
Sherlock was unnaturally still. “Auburn hair, tall. Seven and twenty years old, or he would be now. Nothing?”
“You’ll do, won’t you?” the figure said, a smirk playing across pale lips. Then, the pirate addressed his fellows. “He is wounded. Take him below-decks.”
Once more, Sherlock tried to pull his weapon, and once more, Victor/Moriarty raised his own.
After all, this has been the best Christmas of John’s life so far, and he intends to do the same for Sherlock. For as many future Christmases he’s willing to spend with John.
" 'I'm oh so relieved you've caught my dear Terry's killer,' " John pressed on in an overly high-pitched impression of the curvaceous sexagenarian they'd pushed on Lestrade just to get her out of their hair. " 'And my precious art! Oh, Sherlock, you devilishly handsome thing, take any of the paintings you desire. You've earned them! And maybe come on a date with me too, darling-' "
“Fine, fine,” John lowered his center of gravity and began to circle the man. “Eight to four, with one draw besides. You’re still slipping.”
“You need the crime scene preserved in precisely the way the killer left it, I know,” Lestrade said, sighing. “I was delayed getting here myself, you know. They had moved it out of the way before
“Wait,” he says. “What about a goodnight kiss?”
“It’s not morning yet,” John mock-reprimanded. “Let me go back to sleep.”
Mere moments passed before John saw it was a futile effort. As they ran, the enemy crew redirected fire toward their destination. More blood soaked into the deck.
“How did you get here?”
“That’s all,” she said. She leaped to her feet in a smooth move, then turned to tug Sherlock to standing as well. “Come on, you.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “It was the nudge I needed, the revelation of an aspect of the essay’s subject I hadn’t explored yet. I think it made the overall paper stronger. You may not be a particularly luminous genius, John,” he says and meets his gaze, “but you’re intelligent in your own right. And you’re excellent at stimulating genius in others.”
John pulled the last loop through the knot he was tying down and gave it an experimental tug. Satisfied it was secured, he swung his legs over the side of the crow’s nest, clutched the rope, and pushed off.
Sherlock seems to have read this scene many times, judging from the way the book seems to fall open to that page of its own free will. James’ name is even underlined the first time it appears.
She shrugged. “Not much. Captain reckons we’re still on our route. Making good time.”
“Noticed what?” John frowned. He turned, following Lestrade's gaze, and spotted a dark shape breaking the line of the ocean far in the distance. A ship.
“Recovering well. I suspect she will be able to walk without significant discomfort to her side in just a few days.”
“Don’t, please, I don’t want to hear it. Just go. You don’t have to officially end things, you don’t have to give me all this to make me feel better. Just get out and move on.” Sherlock bit his lip, hard, trying to stave off his emotional pain with physical discomfort.
“What?” he frowned, then passed the wheel to Winter. After a moment’s hesitation, he waved for John to help her keep it steady.
“Ah, ah, dearest,” he sang. “None of that now. Not if you want answers.”
“John-”
“Please.”
His ship, the
John stepped closer, reaching for him. Sherlock went into his embrace, feeling a weight lift from his chest. He felt like he could dance. They stood there in silence for several moments, savoring the feel of each other. Sherlock felt his irritation seep away, replaced by soft relief.
. “He’s alive!” he called, and the crew murmured. “We’re bringing him aboard! Someone fetch the doctor!”
“Then what is it?” Sherlock demanded. His voice was sharp, but something in the brightness of his eyes and the tightness of his mouth betrayed the hurt he attempted to hide. “Talk to me, John. I have been waiting three years to speak with you again.”
Before either of them can speak again, a door down the corridor opens and footsteps reach their ears. “John?”
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows. “How? Our old coffee maker broke two months ago…”
“Impressed you remember the tremor.” John twisted about and slid his thumb across Sherlock’s cheekbone. “Not so much anymore, only when I am not active. Or at least, that was the case until yesterday when it stopped entirely.”
He completely ignored the “looking for” section, as it had ridiculous categories such as “hook-up,” “serious relationship,” and “friendship” on it. He was banking on the fact that merely being on the site, filling out his profile, would get Janine off his back. There was every chance he would delete this absurdity within a few days, anyway. Still, he hoped this was enough.
What would it take, Sherlock wonders, for John to introduce him as the man he loves?
A skull, a bone, and a heart, the latter drawn with the anatomical knowledge of either a surgeon… or a scientifically-minded pirate.
a better microscope, books —
“Are you actually going to sleep?” John asked, teasing.
John chuckled. “Not really,” he winked. “Just… I don’t know, come up with something other than that. Remind me I have so much more in my life than work.”
, his newly minted boyfriend. John bites down on an elated grin; he already loves the sound of that, even just in his head. He also loves the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers once again intertwined with his as they proceed along the pavement.
“Steady. Though a little shallow.”
“Alright, alright,” Greg laughed. “You win. But like I said, you don't know who gave it to him.”
would have no qualms coming after you. They will kill you if they get the opportunity, so do not give it to them. Tell anyone who asks this: the
“Shut up!” Lestrade barked.
“If that ship is holding what I think she is," he said, tone dark. “Then we might be in for more than a bit of poor weather.”
“Yes!”
Ekene was a kind man, which John found remarkable. Not remarkable that Ekene was kind—that much was evident every moment—but that John could so easily think that of a pirate.
“Oh, honey. This won’t stop me. Just you wait and see.”
John let out a low laugh and moved close again to cradle Sherlock in his arms. “I know that, you daft git,” he whispered. “I’ve known that for a while now.”
Now, John was grateful for it. The less interaction and the less the survivors of the
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, not until tomorrow morning. Why?”
“Where?”
John grinned. “I do too.”
John chuckles again and pulls back. He bends down and picks up Sherlock’s bag, then tugs him further into the room. “Come on, make yourself at home.”
He catches up at the corner and grasps Sherlock’s forearm to stay him. “Are you alright?”
“What?” Sherlock sat up straighter. “He…? How?”
Sherlock bites down on his lip, then wordlessly dumps both mugs of tea straight into the sink.
“I’m in too,” Victor said. He raised his head to reveal reddened eyes but a determined countenance. “Let’s go get them.”
“Dammit Sherlock,” John sighed. “You have to be the martyr, don’t you? Can’t you let me help you? I want to protect you. I couldn’t protect my crew, or myself. I’ve spent so long being helpless to what happens to me.”
“Morning,” Sherlock says. His voice is hoarse, but makes John smile. The writer sits on the edge of the bed, running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. It’s soothing, and Sherlock leans into it.
He looked over his shoulder down at Irene, who still waited for an answer. His lip curved. They had a job to do, and he could not wait to resume work.
Wait. What?
“No!” John says immediately. Then, he seems to think twice. “Well, maybe a little.”
child. So I guess when I saw how they reacted to us, it startled me. I needed space from you to… figure out how I felt about that. But I should have explained that to you, and I’m sorry. I suppose I was just angry with you for how you handled it. I just couldn’t get that image of you yelling… yelling at my
Now, he met and held John’s gaze. “Can we keep doing this? Even while we… work things through?”
He can feel the tension in Sherlock’s body loosening. Emboldened, he presses a light kiss to his collarbone, and is pleased when Sherlock lets out a startled little groan.
“Irene,” Sherlock turned, calling to her. “Care for a duel?”
The words were unspoken but somehow still audible, resounding in the air around them.
Holmes executed a spectacular eye roll. “You may have it back once you finish the lab. And I want you to move there.” He pointed to the front lab table, which was unoccupied.
John nodded. “Good man. He’s honourable. He would hate what the NOTP does.”
John snickers, then turns his gaze down. “Ah, speaking of going places, I’ve got to be off in about fifteen minutes.” He lifts his eyes from his watch back to his lunch date. “Have you got any other classes today?”
“Just… you were so upset earlier.” John runs a hand over his face, seemingly trying to muster his words. “I… Listen, I won’t pretend I have any idea what that was all about at Simpson’s, but… I can’t stop thinking about what you said.”
“To bed then.”
“Sebastian Moran,” he growled. “I am pleased to see you have found another employment.”
Sherlock and John linger over their meal at Angelo’s for ages. Their animated conversation meanders, drifting from Sherlock’s classes to a bit about John’s new story idea. Sherlock provides feedback about the latter, eyes lighting up and hands gesticulating, even though John provides only scant details. Meanwhile, John can only sit and listen and nod when Sherlock gets going about chemistry halfway through their main course.
Irene laughed merrily, and Ekene chuckled. But in spite of John’s embarrassment, he realized the other half of her implication.
“Okay,” John murmurs. “As long as you’re sure.”
Greg glanced toward their professor's still-empty desk, pondering. “Well, it's-”
Sherlock’s face lights up, as it always does when John says those words to him. “And I, you.”
“Hey, they were really good!”
John smiled and lifted his wine in salute. “Thanks, Greg, but I fear if I tried to dance near you I’d be wounded.”
were working quickly, and John could just make out Sholto’s voice on the pirate ship, calling out orders. John smiled. The crew from the
God, would this man never stop astonishing him? He hoped not.
The rest of the cab ride seemed a blur, and he had to blink himself out of a deep reverie when the vehicle came to a stop in front of the flat. He handed over the money with an absentminded word of thanks, then climbed out onto the pavement.
, Sherlock’s lip curled into a smug smile. “But you were wrong. You did hear from me, and most importantly of me. You knew I was after you, and you knew I was getting close. Why else you would be here? Why else would you have made your way onto John Watson’s ship, if not to get near me?”
Before a reply could come, however, the ship turned away from port, and the crew began to cheer. The sun’s rays touched the ocean at just such an angle that the waters burst with light. Even the natural elements seemed to be extolling the dawn of the ship’s first journey.
Chapter Thirty: Emotional Move
He’d slink out of bed, careful not to wake his wife, still avoiding her touch. Not because she repelled him exactly, but because it felt too much like cheating. Shagging
… John hoped his anger didn’t show in his face, “’Course.”
“Godfather,” Sherlock said. “Yes, of course.”
he thought.
“I’m sorry,” John said.
“Because High Wycombe is better than you are currently equipped to understand.”
“How old were you,” Sherlock ventured, “when he died?”
than his best friend, he was his family.
Sherlock’s voice turned soft. “It’s okay.”
“I appreciate the offer, I really do,” said John. “But I’m not in the mood.”
<><><>
“Okay,” Sherlock said after realizing he had been quiet for too long. “Then what is absolute happiness to you? If you know what it is, then you should find it again.”
Mycroft took so long to respond that Sherlock nearly snapped at him to hurry up. “She never cared about John. Her real target is you. If she’s coming to London, it’s because of you.”
“And yet, I still managed to fall completely and totally in love with you,” said John. “So, I think we’ll be okay.” He hesitated and bit his lip. “That is, if you want it, too. I don’t want to force you.
John smiled a little, and Sherlock thought the whole room got a little brighter. For one moment, they were looking at each other with the easy camaraderie they’d always had. Sherlock wasn’t counting the hospital because John had just woken up from surgery at the time.  It was what had been missing between them for a while now, what Sherlock had missed more than anything. Now there was a chance to get it back for good.
Rosie, satisfied things had been brought back to normal, had returned to playing with her stuffed dog. As if she knew her father was talking about her, she tilted her head up toward him and held out her dog. John smiled and took it from her with a soft murmur of gratitude. Watching them made Sherlock inexplicably happy.
<><><>
John tried to open his eyes, but it took far too much effort, so he chose to keep them shut for a bit longer. He could still catalogue things with his eyes closed. Things were coming back to him in fragments and tiny observations. If he just waited a moment longer, he could figure it all out.
John laughed. Rosie looked at him and giggled too, like she wanted to be just like her dad. She banged her sippy cup against her chair.
As he blinks slowly, 221B comes into sharper focus. The cluttered table, the skull on the mantelpiece. His armchair, looking quite lonely without its partner across from it.
“Should you really be using that language in front of your daughter?” countered Mycroft. John noted his tone lacked its usual bite. He seemed almost as exhausted as John.
John quirked his lips, and then left.
"But –” John frowned. When he’d left Sherlock earlier that day, the other boy still stood by his belief that there was nothing wrong with him. He seemed unlikely to want to talk to anyone on the matter, especially John.
“Thank you,” he said, aware it was far too delayed. “For, um, that.”
relieved.
“Do try to remember that you only have one hand available for use,” said Sherlock dryly. John glared at him and opened the kit with said hand.
Of course, by not asking Sherlock to stay, John was presented with his conundrum. Having an extra set of hands would’ve been ideal, but he didn’t have them.
“Ta, Molly. You’re a lifesaver as always.”
“I bet you can’t wait to get back to Baker Street,” John said, carefully avoiding his gaze. Hurt flashed across Sherlock’s face, and he turned his back so John wouldn’t see, moving to prepare breakfast.
Sherlock had been by his side during it, of course. Sherlock watched Harry walk away, watched John crumble in on himself. John waited for the wry comment, or the sound of Sherlock’s footsteps walking away too. Instead, he felt a gentle pressure on his hand as Sherlock took it with his. John’s breath hitched, and he clutched Sherlock’s hand tightly. Nothing else was said.
The point was, Sherlock had trouble wrapping said mind around what was happening. It hadn’t planned for this eventuality. It didn’t know how to respond.
It turned out that Rosie’s unwillingness to eat her breakfast that morning was a warning. Two days later, John and Sherlock found themselves dealing with a seven-month-old in the middle of a truly fantastic strop.
Putting his feelings aside for the sake of their friendship had been easier than he thought, aided by the fact that Sherlock didn’t seem to care about romance. It wouldn’t have worked anyway, John sharing his feelings. So it was best to just let them be. There were times when he could feel them start to bubble up, like when Sherlock returned from the dead, or when he made a vow to John at his wedding. Or when Sherlock was nearly taken away from him again, and the genius had cracked a joke that has haunted John ever since.
John shrugged his right shoulder without thinking and winced. “It was overdue.”
If you liked it, please let me know! Thanks for reading! <3
“You’d be wrong.”
“John,” Molly said, her voice heavy with sympathy. John gritted his teeth. “He isn’t disgusted with you. He just probably didn’t know what to say. You know comforting people isn’t his strong suit.”
“Sherlock?” He lightly knocked on the open door before peering around it. The sight that greeted him made his stomach plummet to the ground.
“It’s not? Need I remind you that ten minutes ago you could hardly look at me?”
close
John spoke quickly, desperate to get a word in. “I’m not trying to say I’m like Moriarty, or anything, but I’m not a good man. Would a good man want to cheat on his wife? Would he abandon his daughter? Beat his best friend?” He was positive Rosie was the only thing grounding him right now. “Why does everyone say I’m a good person when all I’ve done is show them the exact opposite?”
“Not really… kind of? It wasn’t like we shouted at each other or anything. But it got awkward and personal and I think he’s upset with me.”
Sherlock gave a long-suffering sigh. “I walked over to the Trevors with Redbeard and Mycroft and introduced myself. I was instantly bored with Mr. and Mrs. Trevor, but Victor intrigued me more than I thought he would.”
John blinked and looked away. 221B hadn’t been his in a very long time. He’d been there many times since he moved out, but none of them seemed to
They both sat on the couch, in the same positions they sat in that night they tried to move forward and got interrupted by Sherlock’s siblings. It wasn’t a conscious decision, since in the time Sherlock had been there, they had begun to gravitate to certain spots. Not unlike how they had at Baker Street.
“I came out to him,” he said. The words were so simple, the sentence so short, and yet it meant everything to him. Just like yesterday, he felt weight in his shoulders lessen.
Penny’s only gotten louder, so John pulls himself together and goes upstairs. He picks her up from her cot and shushes her, rocking her in his arms.
“I don’t – I never meant to – I didn’t know.”
“She,” said John, his eyes fixed on his daughter, “she just said – Sherlock, that was her first word.”
“Only because you got yourself arrested too,” reminded Sherlock. “Do you remember why?”
Mrs. Hudson was supposed to be there that day, but Sherlock had asked to take her shift. He claimed it was because Mrs. Hudson had already done enough and she deserved to rest, but really he wanted to spend more time with Rosie.
John blinked. “What? You mean you
he felt towards Eurus for ruining
Sherlock plowed on quickly. “Live music could prove to be more beneficial, if she can actually
“I wanted to surprise you both,” John said. “Mycroft helped me organize everything. He says I’m to tell you you owe him a favor. I don’t really think you do.”
“Why did you do that?” John demands, his voice cracking slightly. He’s pressing his hands to Sherlock’s stomach, trying in vain to stop the blood from flowing out. Sherlock wants to tell him to stop. John’s had too much blood on his hands, he doesn’t need that of his best friend. Again.
“Dammit, Sherlock,” he whispered. “Why aren’t you home yet?”
“Not necessarily,” he said. John looked at him, his eyebrows raised. Sherlock nodded toward the couch. “Sit down.”
John went rigid beside him. Sherlock knew it because they were still holding hands. For a brief moment, he worried John would let go. Instead, to his immense relief, John merely held on tighter.
“And I need
“I’m going to start dinner,” John announced, smoothing his hands on the front of his trousers. Sherlock had noticed that John had been using his right hand a lot, as if he was relishing once again having it available to him. It made Sherlock happy to see him whole again.
The only sounds for the next five minutes were the clinking of their silverware, Rosie’s cooing, and the occasional thudding of the sippy cup. The silence wasn’t oppressive like it had been recently, but comfortable.
“I love you,” Sherlock interrupted. He looked mildly panicked, but resolute.
Sherlock’s expression sobered, and he nodded. “She won’t be bothering us anymore.”
“Be good,” he said quietly. Rosie grabbed his scarf, and he had to pry her fingers off before he could step away.
“And here I was, thinking I had everyone fooled.”
“John,” Lestrade said, a touch disapprovingly. “You can’t avoid him forever.”
In the days leading up, John was constantly bowled over with the sheer amount of emotion that rushed through his body every time he so much as looked at Sherlock. It was like a floodgate had been opened within him, and there was no hope of closing it. How he didn’t realize it sooner was beyond him, but there was no use in lamenting all the lost time. All he could do now was ensure they didn’t lose any more.
Only one image presented itself in his mind. Him and Sherlock, in the restaurant on the night Sherlock returned. Him clenching his fist in anger.
“Maybe,” said John slowly, “we should change that.”
“Sherlock Holmes.” John said, “I –”
He could see the gears turning in Sherlock’s head as he processed both the request and just how much prolonging his departure could hurt him. His heart hammered in his chest.
She disappeared up the stairs, and Sherlock was left sitting on the floor. He looked from the door to the chair that had been unoccupied for months.
Talk about a plot twist.
Sherlock scratched the cut on his brow, and John’s stomach gave a little lurch. “What does it matter? So I’m attracted to men. That doesn’t change the fact that romantic relationships are unappealing to me.”
He hadn’t thought it was a big deal. It was what he’d been telling himself ever since it happened. It was just a simple fact. He was responsible for Mary’s death, and so he deserved to be punished. That was what happened to people who destroyed other people’s lives. They were punished.
But he wasn’t. And that made John very, very worried.
“You’ve read her files,” Mycroft said. “You know I am right.” He paused. “This would keep John Watson and his daughter safe.”
to me.” He gestured to the cut above his brow. Lestrade swallowed as his eyes traveled over the injury.
John swallowed. His right shoulder ached dully, and he longed to rub it, but there was nothing in this world that could make him move his hand at that moment.
“John…”
“That taught me a lesson,” John continued. “Hiding everything about myself was better than being honest and possibly angering him.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Mycroft called him,” he said after another minute of calming himself. He relayed the rest of the night’s events to her, though he kept out the cheek kiss he’d given Sherlock before he left. That was something that only belonged to them.
John cocked his head. “Like… what your childhood was like.”
The mere memory still gave him a sense of nausea. Heights had never bothered Sherlock, but that day, standing atop Barts, left him desperately wishing for solid ground.
“Remember,” Lestrade said. “I’m not an idiot. I know you better than you think.”
It was such an innocent statement, but it made Sherlock’s cheeks turn pink. He mumbled his thanks and disappeared inside the bathroom. John remained standing until he heard the shower turn on. Then he put his gun away and sat down on the bed.
“You think I’m repulsed by what you told me,” Sherlock said, and his voice was so soft that John wanted to cry.
“Yeah,” he said carefully. “How’d you know that?”
“He took out the trash.”
“No,” said Sherlock, staring at the table. “She was only around when I was very young. I don’t remember her.”
That got a chuckle out of John. Sherlock’s lips curved up.
“I suppose.”
“C’mon, mate,” said Lestrade. “It might be good to have a distraction. Get out of the house. We could watch a match.”
Their conversation flowed as easily as the wine did. Sherlock was not drunk, but pleasantly warm and slightly tipsy. At some point during the meal, John had pressed his foot to Sherlock’s, and Sherlock made sure it stayed there. He had been rewarded with a shy grin that made his cheeks flare and his heart stutter. He felt as though they were hurtling towards something new, something he had only dreamt of before. It was possible the wine was to blame, but Sherlock prayed it wasn’t.
“You don’t,” Sherlock murmured. “Not lately.”
“I’m sorry,” John said finally, when his tears were gone and his breathing had normalized. “I’m rubbish at controlling my emotions.”
Sherlock almost didn’t want to ask it, because he just
John looked at him then, his eyes impossibly, achingly soft. His hold on Sherlock’s hand lessened, but he didn’t let go.
“Oh dear,” Sherlock said. “I think Rosie has grown tired of Mrs. Hudson.”
“And did he?”
“Believe me,” Sherlock said, and John did. “I don’t want to.” There was a sadness in Sherlock’s eyes that made John hurt. “But I need to keep you two safe.”
Of course, the counselor didn’t know when to quit. Sherlock had anticipated that from the camp shirt he was wearing. It was worn and stretched out. Not from this year. This wasn’t his first time at this camp, which meant he was accustomed to campers being obstinate. Sherlock couldn’t decide if he was impressed or really irritated.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. “I… I suppose I should’ve realized. How selfish of me.” He meant it, too. What a selfish idiot he was for not realizing John was still struggling with Mary’s death. “If you’d prefer, I can contact a nanny who can assist you on days where Molly and Lestrade cannot. Perhaps that would be better.” His very being cracked with every word he said, but he had to say it. It would be better for John. For John, he’d do it.
“John. I can’t.”
It was honestly the worst kind of answer, as it didn’t nearly encapsulate everything he was feeling, but he couldn’t form the proper words. They were all jumbled up in his mind and trying to string them together was impossible. Thankfully, John seemed to understand. His lips quirked up, and the anxiety faded from his expression.
“Sorry,” John said, cursing himself for apologizing so much. “Mary and I haven’t – we didn’t get to set this up.” Neither man looked at each other.
“So, um, do you need anything more from me?” Molly asked, breaking the moment. “I can make you some food, if you’re hungry.”
He hesitated. He was always afraid to answer these sort of questions. Their frequency had only increased the closer they got to Christmas, though they had still been a common occurrence before the holiday season arrived.
But there was a part of Sherlock that hoped (traitorous, awful hope) that John would be different. He was already different in the way he’d complimented Sherlock instead of insulting him. That alone was a shocking, but not unpleasant discovery. But there was more to it. John treated him like a real person, not a burden or a freak. He spoke to Sherlock in a kind manner, with sparkling eyes and a gentle smile. Sherlock had been unable to think of anything else for the past two days.
he wondered. The uncertainty made him a bit sick.
Sherlock hummed. “Alcoholic then.”
John huffed a laugh. “You’d be surprised by how useful those can be.”
Rosie made another soft noise, and both John and Sherlock looked down at her. Sherlock couldn’t help but think about how perfect she was, even when she was sick and asleep.
Sherlock’s cheeks got a pink tinge, and he quickly darted upstairs. John leaned back on the couch, already envisioning the next night.
Sherlock had been thinking of this all day – all week, really – and he’d prepared exactly what he wanted to say. His heart was beating so fast, he was surprised he hadn’t gotten a heart attack. He clasped his hands together – no longer shaking – and took a deep breath.
Rosie fisted his shirt in her free hand and made a little gurgling noise. He liked to think she was saying she loved him too.
Sherlock still wasn’t looking at him, instead focusing completely on Rosie. The gratefulness John felt about that was overshadowed by his intense need to know what Sherlock was thinking in that moment.
“I was going to say,” Lestrade said, “that while his grief does not excuse his actions in any way, he’s not in the right state of mind right now. The John that blamed you for Mary’s death, the John that did
“Oh.” John bit his lip. “Yeah, of course.” He wanted to fidget with his sling but couldn’t. It was frustrating.
“Good morning!” Molly said brightly. John almost felt himself relax. “I thought I’d call and check in. See how things are doing.”
He carried his phone around everywhere he went. It was always in his pocket or sitting on a table within arm’s reach. When he showered, he left it on the counter with the volume turned all the way up, so he could hear it over the spray.
“Yeah,” John said. “I mean, hopefully. Sherlock and I just need to get out for a little bit.”
“We texted off and on for several weeks. It didn’t go beyond that, but it was obvious we both wanted it to. It was in our words. They were innocent, but they said a lot.”
