Atlas giggled before she sat up, rolling her shoulder.
Atlas nodded before her face screwed up again.
Atlas looked through the files before she looked over at Sherlock with a frown.
"John." Sherlock cemented. "Your my person."
"She's got a neurological condition," John said. "It's a tremor, it should be over soon."
ATLAS settled against Timothy in the comfort of her own home, watching as he typed up more notes for the next book.
"You know, I've never thought about it before. But you have quite a strong Scottish lilt to your voice." John said to her. "'Spose growing up around an abundance of Scottish family did a bit of a tuning to my ear, make me less likely to notice it or something."
"TOUR!" Rosie squealed from where she was sitting on the floor. Alarming everyone to her sudden excitement at the prospect. "Grandma and Grandad need a proper tour and so does Aunty Eurus and Uncle Mycroft and Harry and Jo." She was getting to her feet and trying to haul Wanda and Mycroft to their feet.
"And you didn't want more?" Sherlock whispered.
"No," Atlas frowned as she looked at Sammy wide eyed. "Mycroft's, papa will be mad with me."
"Give her time." John said when he noticed his best friend looking at his daughter.
"That's a peculiar skill to have acquired." Mycroft said just as Atlas returned with a different book, kneeling down next to Rosie and handing her some colouring pens.
"No." Atlas said sharply, before looking up at the woman. "They don't, Alison." There was an unsettling pause. "I'm sorry for your loss."
Homophobic comments pretty much throughout.
"Who shot Mary-Anne?" Rosie asked.
"Oh," Atlas said before she gave a little giggle that turned very quickly into hot tears. "Oh Uncle Mycroft."
"How are they testing?" Xerxes signed and Atlas smiled.
"You let them in." Atlas smiled as they pulled into the Tesco car park. "And the society was reborn."
"I know," Mycroft whispered. "I know."
"Apart from a mortgage that we will have to pay off monthly." Sherlock said looking at John before they both huffed out a laugh. "And I bought it. If you need proof of the money and the saving accounts and stuff I can ask Mycroft-"
Atlas giggled before she looked around them all. "Anyone want to watch those next few episodes of Glee?" She signed and spoke with a smile.
She sat quietly in the front seat as John drove to the library which was closer to his work than what he had realised.
"And it's not a fuss. You are not a problem. You are not at fault. You are a person," John smiled his hands either side of her face. "Your our little girl."
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Fuck you!" He screamed as he picked up another book and threw it again. "Fuck you! Why'd you do that!? I needed you! Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"I'm becoming my mother," Atlas whispered. "And I can see my dads and their eyes are breaking. They're breaking. Splitting. And it's because of me. They can't be around me anymore, because it's not safe."
"What are you lot up to now?" John asked turning his head around to look at them.
Sherlock looked at him confused. "For looking after me these past few days. And I mean, for looking after me these past few months."
"My sight is getting worse," Atlas spat, standing opposite him now. "That's what I needed to tell you, when I've got the headaches. And I don't know if I'm being more needy because I'm on my period and I'm probably super hormonal. And I've got heart palpitations starting up again several times a day."
"There's more, of her a little older but I think that's enough for one night," Sherlock said hoarsely, the remote control held in his hand fiercely.
my sister. I love you." Sammy said quietly, tears in his eyes.
"I was thinking the same thing, love," Sherlock smiled. "I've been talking with papa though."
She missed the whole thing, not that she really cared.
"Will she get better?" Rosie asked reaching out her hands to place them on his cheeks gently.
Enjoy.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
Anyway, rant over. Please continue the story, and enjoy it.
"Oh man. I got blood on my shirt. Why do I have to bite my gum or tongue every time? It's so annoying." Atlas smirked, allowing for a little bit of laughter to arise from Sherlock's chest. She started to sit up, only to feel herself being guided back down again by warm hands.
Sherlock being the person he was didn't move an inch, however John did taking a chair up next to hers. He seemed sad from what Sherlock could gather and Sherlock wondered if that's what the ache in his stomach and the lump in his throat was. His eyes watered and before he knew it his legs were forcing him out of the room and into the hallway.
"You couldn't have known." Sherlock said comfortingly, before looking up at the sky trying to blink away tears. "I'm not very good at this."
Sherlock looked around the room, noted that the cupboard was slightly ajar, pulled it open and pulled out a very sad looking, blue eyed cat. "This her?"
"You've got a lot more flour in your hair that just the ends love." John said, Sherlock coming over and pointing to sections of it, Atlas rolling her eyes.
"Hello," John whispered with a smile. "Who's got the kids?"
"Then tell me. Tell me where my husband is." John shouted, looking back at Atlas. Timothy and Wanda had now stood and were looking at the three just as expectantly.
"I know, my love," John said before pulling Sherlock to him and kissing his temple. "And that's okay." He pulled away and looked at John with a smile. "That's why I love you. You are my everything, William Sherlock Scott Holmes."
"Mother." Rosie corrected. "Dad calls her mother." John sighed, Sherlock and his politeness. He'd wanted Rosie to call her by mum, mama (as Mary had cooed to her as a child) or mummy. Not mother. The informal term boiling his blood just a little.
"Just after we had that night in with the family and we saw May and Xerxes. In conclusion, no papa, I can't see a pattern. Everything was fine..." Atlas whispered as Sammy sat down on the bed next to John.
"Yes. And safely."
"Same as yours," Atlas said and John's face buried in a frown before stroking her cheek.
Second was Redbeard. Hit by a car. She watched it happen. Tried to run into the road and see him but no-one would let her. She started to run, running and running until she ended up in a hospital ward. The sound of a flatline filling her ears as she screamed out in pain. And she ran some more.
"Why?"
"No, pa," Atlas whispered. "I'm just tired of having a disorder that's not life long but will certainly come back and PTSD and heart palpitations and some of that's never going to leave me papa. I'm just tired and I like to know your there."
"Questions."
"Okay, rate it from 1 to 10. 1 being manageable and 10 being unbearable," Dr Aduba smiled but Atlas just shook her head.
"I thought you'd maybe deduced it and hadn't told me." John laughed before it died in his throat. He squeaked a small "sorry" before looking at Sherlock who was smiling.
By the River Irwell.
"Rosie?" Sherlock said, stirring from his sleep around the same time as John.
"It would be an honour, Little Holmes," Gordon smiled before he linked arms with her and led the group to the table. Sitting down, Atlas grinned as Gordon sat down on one side of her and Eddie on the other. Everyone began generalised chatter. "Been keeping well?" Gordon smiled.
"Right, come on Sam, Rosie, let's leave Atlas be," Sherlock said as he got to his feet and chased them up the stairs.
"I've got the heart meds, seizure and pain and then the tremors. That's the main three and then the other emergency stuff. Ive-"
"I love you," John whispered down to her and then he looked over at Sherlock. "And I love you too." Sherlock nodded back to John before he leaned over and kissed his cheek.
"What was she like? As a young kid?" Jo asked Sherlock who smiled at her.
"What will we do if he looses his memory again?" Atlas asked as John closed his arms around her. He rubbed her back.
"Of course I bloody do, I don't think I deleted the cache." Atlas sighed before he put his hands either side of her face and wiped away invisible tears with his thumbs. It was his turn to give a sad sigh.
"Will you put my hair up?" She asked quietly before she presented a hairbrush and hair bobbles. Then she looked at Sherlock who was sitting looking at a piece of sheet music with Atlas and Eurus as they figured out some harmonies - it was sometimes easier to sit and stop and think than to jump right to it. "Daddy." Rosie said. "Will you watch so you know how to do it?"
"I feel fine though, dad," Atlas complained.
"Ro. There just talking about something really important. Don't let it upset you, okay?" Atlas said, Rosie nodding once before they headed to the bedroom, Mrs Hudson in tow.
"Exactly." Atlas sneeered before she picked up her book and waltzed up the stairs only hesitating a look back once, to see John looking into space. He had to understand. She thought he would, but he didn't.
"Alright, lovebug?" John asked, stroking the loose hair out of her eyes.
"The bomb disposal are here." Lestrade said as the team entered Atlas' room, she just wanted it to all be over. She just wanted it to end, she'd had it strapped to her chest for quite sometime now and she kept worrying that the countdown would suddenly start again. Standing in the centre of the room they began to set to work removing each section of the vest piece by piece. One hour later the vest was removed and the bomb disposal left the room. The clock read nearly midnight and Atlas sighed as she heard Sherlock send the bomb disposal men on their way along with Greg.
"Yeah. Apparently, they needed me as soon as the paperwork came through at that end." John sighed, washing out his mug. Atlas' phone went off and she picked it up quickly, looking for who it was.
(See the end of the chapter for
Enjoy. As always, comment if you notice any irregularities.
"You struggle to let people in." Atlas explained before glancing over to John who was smiling in his sleep. Sherlock followed her eye line before scowling again at her.
AS the sun started to set on the horizon, Atlas and Sherlock weren't back at the car.
"Mmhmm," John hummed before he kissed her hair and held his nose in the smell of John Freida. "Do you need to go to sleep?"
"Yes, yes, alright," Sophie exclaimed, pissed at him for asking so much of her in such a short period of time. Trailing their way out to the car, the expecting couple hopped inside and pulled out of their driveway.
"My little brother, talking about his feelings and family?" Mycroft asked as Eurus hit him playfully and he looked at her.
When he entered his eyes went wide, his complexion changed and he made his way over.
"Me in the coffin?" Atlas asked.
•▪︎•▪︎•▪︎•
"Then I do too."
"Yeah, I know." Atlas said frowning. "I just really miss people and my stuff and my music..."
"I know," Atlas said. "It's just relief. It's just one of those days."
And the dog just looked at him as if he were stupid.
"Nice to meet you, John Watson-Holmes and this is Atlas Watson-Holmes." He gestured behind him where Atlas looked up, gave a momentary smile and went back to what she was looking at. "I'm sorry but we really have to get on. My partner and I are having some family over this afternoon." John smiled before he began to make his way to the checkour, Atlas pushing the trolley.
"No problem, you were her best friends. And also, condolences Sam. I heard about your family," George smiled.
"No." Atlas whispered. "I had one in the car on the way here. I didn't even realise, I'm sorry."
Once they left Sammy and Atlas scrambled to their feet and looked out the window.
"Yeah?"
"He was...well...the first person to love me...properly...after you," Atlas said, half looking at her dad and half looking at the duvet cover. "And then he died but he gave me that photo of us together and Whisper and my dragon toy, he was called Peter. Y'know cause of..." She gestured about the room.
"John." She said, her voice hard. "I don't think the medication is working properly." Admittance flowed through her voice.
"Yeah." John replied. "I've never told you, only your dad. But there was a room I went to before I found you. One with a deep hole filled with dirt, coffin near the bottom." John sighed. "You weren't in it. But...Mr Peterson led me to believe that your were. And indeed when I dug it up...yeah." He said a lump in his throat. Atlas continued to watch him intently. "There was a dead body, not yours..."
"Not good," John sighed rubbing his face with the palms of his hands. "She's started getting flashbacks and fainting episodes and the seizures, while slowly becoming less are becoming longer, more sustained and quite violent."
"Okay, thank you," Sherlock nodded before Atlas opened her eyes on the bed.
"Hello." Mycroft said.
"Is it anywhere else?" Dr Aduba questioned as Atlas nodded slowly.
"She's not." Sherlock said quickly and Sammy shook his head as he looked across the table. His eyes then fell to his lap as he welled up with tears.
"Congratulations, Dr and Mr Watson-Holmes, you have a son!" Sherlock said in the high register of his voice with a loud giggle that echoed around the room. And then John's face straightened.
ROSIE showed and pointed lots of different drawings and things out to her family across the room. She darted about showing pieces of artwork to various people, everyone splitting up to make a judgement for themselves.
ATLAS' fingers graced over the piano, the sound she was creating sounding more and more beautiful. And when she finished she felt her own rush of emotion. This piece of music, the piece she had just played, it was written for her dads. And there was no mistaking that.
"I'm asking to be put back on her case," Dr Aduba frowned. "Where're her parents?"
"Not her," Sammy sobbed. "Georgia is dead. But, but...I can't..."
"He did." John laughed too before he kissed her hair.
"Was that Atlas leaving?"
"We'll facetime you everyday," John called from where he was wiping his hands on a tea towel. He was grinning at her.
But it excited him more. This man who was a mystery waiting to be solved and helped. And he knew that he was the only one who could.
John sat in silence, awaiting for her to continue. "I lost a baby." She blinked a few times. "A few months back and ever since then, the alcohol has looked
"We want you to visit a hospital reccomended one." Dr Young said.
"Well done," John smiled before kissing her temple before looking at Mycroft. "Thank you."
"Red rucksack?"
"Yes, just don't be stupid about it."
"I know, pa," Atlas whispered. "I'm not being selfish."
Sherlock laughed at that. "Are you alright today, John?"
ATLAS neatly placed a piece of basil onto the top of each bowl of prawn pasta before taking a step back to assess her work. Smiling she picked up the smaller bowl for Rosie and another bowl and entered into the living room where Mrs Hudson had moved the table to previously. She was pleasantly surprised to see that Sherlock was not drinking, impressed that he was making the effort. John and Mrs Hudson were sharing a bottle of red whilst candles adorned the table. Atlas made a mental note to appreciate Mrs Hudson a lot more often than what she currently did.
"We know." Sherlock said before transferring Rosie over to John. "How's about we stay here tonight? Me and Atlas picked up stuff, so the house is stocked. And we have towels in. We can finish moving tommorow morning." Sherlock smiled, looking over to John.
"I'm Dr John Watson and I'll be teaching you about SHARE." He didn't need to look for Atlas. He could see her, sat near the back with a smiling Sammy and a girl he did not recognise. This was going to be hell when they got home, absolute
"And eat dad." Atlas said kindly.
"You'll get out when I say." Mrs Pertwee said, before gesturing for Atlas to come inside. She stepped into the small room, glancing at the wallpaper, the photos, the shoes, the phone number scrawled on a post-it next to the phone, the metal filing cabinet, the yellow handbag. Now she turned her attention to Mrs Pertwee. The tied back hair in a clip, the cold brown eyes, the harsh makeup that did nothing to flatter her old age wrinkles. "Sit." Mrs Pertwee instructed and Atlas did so, the minutes of lunchtime running away. Silence filled the room as Mrs Pertwee pulled out her pasta and began to eat, Atlas shuffling in her seat in nervous habit. "Holmes."
"I thought you were supposed to be smart." Mary-Anne stated simply before standing from her bed, whatever she was doing seemingly disappearing as she moved towards the glass. It was now that Atlas realised she had inherited very little from her mother, another woman of intellect, but as for looks, there was nothing in common. "Maybe I should be glad I left."
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to stare. Only his mummy and daddy ever called him amazing, or said what he did was amazing. No one… no one ever thought he was amazing.
“It is your birthday, Mr. Watson,” he murmured, lips stopping millimeters from Sherlock’s, “and if that’s what you want, I am more than happy to oblige.”
“John!” Sherlock gasped when John tore his lips from Sherlock’s and started sucking on Sherlock’s neck; moaned as John attacked his neck with licks and bit
“No don’t –” Sherlock started to protest, John couldn’t see him like this. But it was too late, John had already opened the door and was kneeling by Sherlock’s bed.
Soon after Jim Moriarty made his entrance, a tall, well muscled, gun toting man who just screamed 'ex-military’, appeared at his shoulder. It took only a nod from his boss, and the man shoved the butt of his gun into John’s gut, sending him falling backwards, and wrenched Sherlock away, manhandling him out of the room. Sherlock could still hear John yelling for him, as he was marched into a second room and forced down and restrained in one of two chairs. This must have been the room where John was beaten, and it looked like it was Sherlock’s turn. Only after he was strapped into place, the man disappeared, and Sherlock was left alone.
“Second?” Frowned Sherlock.
“You – uh,” John said, clearing his throat and breaking the strained, uncomfortable, hateful silence, “you said something about figuring out who is sending those threats to Mr. Mccullough?” Sherlock could have kissed him. He wanted to kiss him.
One song transitioned seamlessly into the next, and Sherlock’s body moved with it. People tried to crowd him, tried to wrap their arms around his waist, pull him against them, and Sherlock simply slipped from their grasp, never losing step. It was not that he was adverse to a dance partner, but he didn’t need one, he just needed…
Moriarty just shook his head. “Oh my dear, such a noble sacrifice. But you know Johnny Boy was never getting out of this alive. He knows what I’ve done, he’ll go running to the police.” He pouted, his words dripping with false pity.
I ended up re-watching the kidnapping scene from ASiP SO many times to get John and Mycroft's conversation down (with my own little additions). And I just spent an hour playing with the formatting of these damn text conversations, only to go back to my original format >:(
, had he? Well John was the one who had been the one prattling on all day; letting Sherlock know when he’d finished packing, pointing out where the hotel confirmation was sitting, and now the train schedule. Sherlock had had enough, he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Yeah… Yeah, I’m sure. It was nice meeting you.” There was no point bringing her into it, he would just let Sherlock explain everything to her later, or not, he didn’t really care.
“Of course I do! Do you have any idea how fantastic that is?” Ordinary people spend their free time playing sports, or doing art or something. Sherlock Holmes helps the police. Fantastic.
John’s exclamation seems to have an effect on Sherlock, as he begins to pick up his pace, abdominal muscles tensing. Sherlock’s thrusts become erratic, and without warning Sherlock is coming across their stomachs, John swallowing Sherlock’s yell as he cries out. John feeling his own climax build, rolls them over, and with a few fast thrusts, his orgasm crashing over him, his release mixing with Sherlock’s.
That night, John dreams of sparkling blue-green eyes, loose black curls, soft lips, and sharp cheekbones. It’s the best night’s sleep he’s had in months.
“This means I didn’t need my diabolical scheme.”
John thought as he started for the bar. This may not have been how he wanted to spend his evening, but he could get a drink at the very least. And standing at the bar was a right side better than hanging out in a dark corner like some old pervert.
“Spoilsport.”
“What do you say we find a place for Mr. Doe, then we take this to our room?” John suggested, tapping Sherlock’s hip – their universal ‘unlatch’ signal.
“I usually am.” Hummed Sherlock, still coming down from their most recent round of frankly mind-blowing, mind altering, love making. “What was I right about this time?”
“And you think just ignoring it will?” What little patience John had left was dwindling fast.  “You tried ignoring it, and you defended yourself, and it just got worse. Their getting away with it, and they’re going to keep doing it. This will not stop until they are held accountable for their actions. Please, Sherlock, I can’t do this by myself. I can’t – I can’t stand seeing you like this.”
We've
“Despite what you seem to think, I’m not stupid. You’ve never been this worked up over a lack of a case before. There’s clearly something else bothering you.”
“Hmmmm. Yes, sir.” Sherlock shivered. Why did he ever believe John would forget what day it was?
“Hey, the other ninety-nine percent was spot on, I think I can forgive you that minor slip. Just think of it as room for improvement, that you can get even better.”
The entire ride back to 221B in Lestrade’s stolen car –
noticeably
“Wait.” Sherlock said, stopping John before his made it to the door.
“Oh god, you didn’t go to ask them for my hand or anything, did you?” That practice had always confused and frankly, annoyed Sherlock. Children were not chattel to be traded to the highest bidder anymore, marriage was not negotiation. Ceremonial or not, his parents’ ‘blessing’ had no bearing on Sherlock deciding to spend the rest of his life with John.
Sherlock naturally never needed more than a couple hours of rest a night, but that night, sleep was particularly illusive. He laid in bed for hours – the white noise of his roommate’s snores on the other side of the room in the background – replaying every minute of the evening in perfect detail. Without really meaning to, he had stored everything in his growing mind palace. From walking up behind John all the way to John’s parting words, every word, touch, smell and sound; it was all there.
It was well past midnight, into the early hours of the morning, by the time the roaming hands and exploring kisses showed to a stop, and John and Sherlock were left wrapped around each other, breathing together. 221 Baker Street was silent, Mrs. Hudson had already take her herbal soother and gone to bed, and they’d vaguely heard Lestrade come in to pick up his keys and leave again ages ago. It was like they were the only two people in the world, like nothing and no one else mattered now that they were cocooned together in the warmth of each other’s arms. It was the happiest John had been in… well, longer than he could honestly remember.
“Well, you’re the sole person in both groups, so you would know.” Sherlock murmured, running his nose along John’s jaw line, almost doing John in right then and there. “But just so we’re clear,” Sherlock said, pulling back again, “that was a yes to sex, right?”
The cold has well and truly set in in my neck of the woods. I have hot chocolate to warm my bones, but I find that jumping around for joy is actually a better source of heat. Why don't all you lovely people do me a big ol' favor, and leave some comments that will get me up and jumping (or corrections that will make my fingers fly across the keyboard to resolve)!!!
“What is?” John asked, while Sherlock just raised a questioning eyebrow.
“That is harassment, Sherlock! It’s assault!” John said through gritted teeth. He was upset, why would he be upset about something happening to Sherlock? “You can’t just let this happen,” he continued, “you need to report this to your senior resident.”
“That was…” John breathed as he rolled over and settled next to Sherlock.
“Maybe if you stopped pretending you’re a spider monkey, and trying to run and climb around whilst injured, I wouldn’t have to do this in the first place.”
With feelings realized, tension begins to build, perhaps even to a breaking point.
Sherlock didn’t manage to even read the last sheet of the report, his eyes too blurred to focus properly. That call, and that text were not going to be John’s last to Sherlock, he would not let an infernal emoticon be the last thing John told him.
seemed to be ingrained in every surface, the whole place was saturated with
Roughly an hour in, Sherlock’s mobile vibrated indicating a text. Glancing down and seeing the kitten icon, Sherlock huffed, ignoring it as it vibrated again. Finally, on the third alert, Mrs. Holmes snatched the phone,  punched in Sherlock’s code, and slipped out of the room. He really ought to change his pass code if his mother could crack it so easily.
They would have made it back to the inn in record time, had they not stopped every few minutes to pull each other into alleys and push each other up against walls. And when they did finally make it back to their room… oh, it was better than John could have ever imagined. Sex with Sherlock had always been amazing, right from the beginning all those years ago, it took his breath away. But now? Now that Sherlock had agreed to marry him… it was something new, something astonishing, it was…
person at that – for quite some time.
“I’m not panicking, I’m being realistic.” Sherlock snapped.
“Sherlock Holmes. And believe me, John Watson, the pleasure is all mine.” It appeared that the day might just be looking up.
"Terrible, unthinkable,” Sherlock finished for him, taking John’s face in his hands to claim his mouth for a proper kiss.
Room 122 was, just as John had said, at the end of the hall, and quite nice. In the corner, there was a little table with two plush looking chairs, a large window looking out over the inn’s small back garden, and in the center of the room, was a large bed absolutely covered in pillows.
“Dr. Flat-Face? You mean, Dr. Drier? That’s not a very nice name to call him after he made you not as hurty.”
– yes I do.” Sherlock breathed between kisses. His wires were fried and he was desperate for John, desperate for more.
“And you know all his shoes?” Evans raised an eyebrow. “Maybe he’s got another pair.”
you've
“He couldn’t risk being caught with it, or losing it,” Lestrade replied over his shoulder from the driver’s seat. “Their place isn’t exactly the Bank of England, is it?”
“Hey, the door was open and your voices carry, it’s hardly my fault…”
“Oh, aren’t you the humble one.” John laughed.
“Bit not good, yeah.” John breathed.
“Six inches.” Sherlock corrected. “And I do it because you’re strong enough to hold me up, and you love it. Now be quiet, I’m trying to kiss you.”
"You know it sucks?” Sherlock sneered. “What do you know? You’ll never understand what it’s like to lose the thing that you’re meant to do, to be unable to do what makes you, you.”
Finally, after nearly three weeks of practically radio silence from Mycroft on the topic, a deal was struck. The police report Lestrade drew up was officially on file and the three accused all admitted their guilt. But by agreement of all parties involved, no police action was to be taken. Instead Sebastian Wilkes, Edward Van Coon, and Brian Lukis had to face a full hearing in front of the school’s disciplinary committee.
Sherlock could only muster up a half-hearted “hopefully” in response.
It wasn’t until the session was done, and he and John were leaving, that Sherlock starting thinking about what Heather had said. Not the part about her mistaking John for his boyfriend – that was absurd – but about John possibly joining them during his sessions. John did already help him with some of the at-home exercises, so it wouldn’t be so outlandish to ask, and John was a doctor who’d undergone physical therapy himself. It couldn’t hurt to ask, what was the worst that could happen? John would simply decline and that would be that.
“Oi! Watch it Holmes! You need
Letting his head drop to his hands, John took a few deep breaths to calm his nerves. He felt worn out, stretched, like butter spread over too much bread.
“Well it’s not life or death or anything, but the sink won’t drain properly, and I’d really rather not wait.”
“Really?” Listening to the stories was one thing, but wanting to join him? How could someone like John Watson be real?
“Alright, Sherlock,” he said, dropping down next to his friend, “pivot a bit and give me your leg.”
“John, you are utterly ridiculous.” Sherlock mumbled, hugging the bee just a bit tighter.
“I could have come out to the kitchen, you know.” Sherlock said once John had returned a few minutes later with a bowl of soup and another glass of water.
Sherlock’s mum blew her son and new son-in-law a kiss, and his dad continued to smile while those around them clapped.
Ah yes, the one versus two bedroom discussion. If they’d been over it once, they’d been over it twenty times. Sherlock had wanted to rent another two bedroom flat so that he could have his lab room again, but John made the point – with which Sherlock had eventually agreed – that they were able to afford a better overall one bedroom for what they would have paid for a passable two bedroom.  If sacrificing the kitchen table was what John had to pay for in order to get a dishwasher, all included utilities, and a spacious bedroom, then he was fine with it. The annoying door locks were even worth it.
~***~
“Never underestimate what people will do for money, John. After sex, it’s British crime’s leading motivate.” People really were shockingly transparent. “Anyway, I was following the brother-in-law, hoping to get some concrete evidence, when he spotted me, and well… you know the rest.”
“Listen, John,” he started, his voice sounding unsure. Sherlock was hardly ever unsure about anything. “about… about what I did last night….”
“Calm down John, it was just a little something to help you sleep. You were halfway there already, we just gave you the finally kick.” Leah’s tone placating. “And don’t you feel better?”
shouldn't
“Wait.” Sherlock draped an arm across John’s waist, stopping him from slipping out of the bed. “Can we… for just a bit… can you just stay here, like this?” He sounded so small, John’s chest actually ached. And in that moment, John knew there was nothing he could ever refuse the man in his arms. Whatever John could give, he would give to Sherlock; if Sherlock wanted to use his chest as a pillow, if he wanted John’s arms around him, then so be it.
“The way you held yourself, standing at attention, said military. That, and because of the lights in the club, I saw the outline of an RAMC tattoo on your right forearm. So clearly an army doctor, but your hair told me not active duty. It looks like a military cut a couple months overgrown.”
“Remember, we have to wait until the hand off before moving in.”
“Good!” Mrs. Hudson visibly brightened. “Now I think you two should go back upstairs and start a fire or something to keep warm… In the fireplace!” She added.
meant. Sherlock was falling for John, not just attracted to him – he knew that already, that much was obvious – but actually, genuinely falling for him. Sherlock was falling hard for John Watson, and he was falling fast.
“I know darling, it is.” Mrs. Holmes said patting Sherlock’s cheek. “Now you boys go and enjoy your little celebration. And Sherlock, I expect you to come home for the long weekend next week. You did miss Easter after all.”
“Because they just finished ‘Smooth Criminal’ by Michael Jackson, and this is Coldplay’s ‘Clocks’”
“So, what’s the whole point of this little speech about how awful I am?” Harry continued. “It’s that John is the best man I know. He helped me when I found, lost, and fought for happiness,” at this she smiled down at a tall, olive skinned woman who smiled back at her. Harry and Clara had decided to give their marriage another chance. “and I don’t know anyone who deserves to find that same kind of happiness more than him.
That earn a giggle from John, who leaned forward to kiss Sherlock, the laughter still on his lips. “And what a brain it is! But you
“My name. Sherlock Holmes.”
The days that followed the first self-defense lesson were grueling to say the least. Sherlock could hear the noise of the crowd coming from the football pitch, and instead of focusing on the mold cultures he was meant to be cataloging, his mind wandered back to thoughts of John. Every roar and cheer had him wondering if John had just done something spectacular. He tried working on a lab report, only to remember that John would be the one to read and grade it. He decided to do his laundry, only to find John’s sweatshirt and track shorts sitting on top of the basket.
“You could have fooled me, the way you’ve been.” Mrs. Hudson tutted, moving Sherlock’s clean dishes from the drying rack back to the cabinets.
The force of Sherlock colliding with him, added to the vigor with which he was kissing him, caused John to take a few stumbling steps backwards to maintain his balance.
Of course they were going to make up, this is John and Sherlock we're talking about (if only they'd
“You plan on becoming a doctor. That takes a bit of money, and you don’t exactly come from means. I could pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So just humor me.” John sighed as he pushed Sherlock back down and started unlacing his trainers. Fortunately Sherlock had re-dressed in clean sweats at the hospital, so John didn’t have to worry about dirt and blood in his bed, or having to undress Sherlock himself. “You don’t have to sleep; you just have to get comfortable. I can bring you a book or your laptop once you get settled.” It was a safe offer to make, because John knew the second Sherlock laid down, he would be out like a light.
him. Lestrade had called me in on another matter, and I happened to see Anglo as he was being booked. I overheard the charges, and it was obvious he wasn’t the murderer, and I simply informed the arresting officer of the crime of which he was actually guilty. Simple as that.”
“Sherlock? Hey Sherlock? Can you hear me in there?” Oh, John had been talking.
Lestrade hesitated as if unsure if he should tell John. John couldn’t blame him, he must have looked a mess, and he had no idea what Sherlock told Lestrade about their time apart. “The left side, just under his ribs.” He said finally.
"Thank you.” Now he definitely had to find something for John, something really good.
he had heard, despite the viola player being slightly off, most likely due to her having to use a borrowed bow.
“They attacked you again, didn’t they?”
Two days, John sat alone in his concrete prison cell for two days, or at least he estimated it was two days. There was no difference between ‘night’ and ‘day’, the light bulb burned around the clock, but John still had his watch, and the semi-regular schedule of his jailer. Twice a day, food got pushed through the flap in the door, usually something dry or cold. Twice a day, the gun toting guard escorted John to the bathroom. Every time the door flap opened, every time he was marched down the short hallway, a gun barrel to his back, John asked, begged to know what was going on, and every time he got nothing. Two days of isolation, of nothing but unanswered questions, and ever growing fear.
“Very true, very true.” John sighed. “But I can’t imagine I’m the only John Watson in all of London.”
“Just that,” John groaned. “You’re recovering from a pretty nasty beating. I mean look, you’re still limping!” He sighed, looking pointedly at Sherlock’s leg. “I know you, Sherlock, you can’t take things easy. A few more days of rest will give your healing a serious head start.”
"I’ll never understand… I don’t know what it’s like?” John snapped. He was fuming, he was having trouble even finding the right words. “For fuck’s sake, Sherlock, I got fucking shot! Five seconds, five fucking seconds, and both my military career, and my career as a surgeon were gone.”
“Older. All but runs the government. Awful.” Sherlock wanted to kick himself for bringing up Mycroft. That waste of a three piece suit was the very last thing he wanted to talk about while sitting so close to John Watson.
“…explore them” Sherlock finished breathlessly, sounding slightly dazed, his hands hovering over, but not touching John’s waist.
Sherlock just cocked an eyebrow, smirking a little. “I did say they’d get nowhere without my help.”
“One more kiss for the road!” This time it was Sarah who called out. Well, if that’s what the people wanted, John wasn’t going to be the one to deny them.
“He took their sons up to Edinburgh to visit his parents. Mrs. Rachlin was supposed to go with them, but had to work. She was planning on joining them this weekend. He’s on his way down now.”
“Yes, John.” She sounded exasperated, but took his hand anyway, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “Ever since that fiasco last year, you’ve been so guarded, refusing to take any sort of risk because you’re convinced it’ll all happen again. So when this
Turning his back on John, Sherlock pulled the covers up to his chin. “Oh, and be careful not to touch anything on your way out. I’m pretty sure there’s nothing hazardous out there right now, but it’s best to play it safe.”
“I know, I know.”  John said soothingly, his voiced laced with something… Oh god, it was pity; John pitied him. Poor pathetic Sherlock can’t even walk alone at night without being attacked. Poor pathetic Sherlock can’t even defend himself properly.
After a year of bullies, broken ribs, self-defense lesson, getting to know each other and falling in love, Sherlock and John finally found happiness together. The real question is, with such a stressful courtship, can it last?
For the rest of the evening, Sherlock forced himself to focus on his laptop and his latest blog post on the variations in soil acidity across south western England, and not on John, who had changed back into his regular clothes. The blog post did not get written. And later that night, once Sherlock had retired to his room, he lay in bed, and the image of John in that suit came back in full force.
If she wasn’t trying to get him to sleep, she was trying to get him to eat.
An evening surrounded by, and socializing with, London’s most self-important idiots, was torture. He didn’t care how noble support services for cancer patients was, he almost didn’t care it meant making his mother happy, Sherlock was in hell, and Mycroft most definitely
“So I’m nobody now, am I?” John laughed.
… how dead-set are you on this being a onetime thing?” Sherlock asked in a low rumble of a hum, a good five minutes later. “This feels…
After fussing over Sherlock some more, Mrs. Hudson retreated back down to her own flat, leaving John alone with Sherlock for the first time in the flat they now shared.
, Sherlock thought, feeling himself smile as he turned to watch John enter the room.
“I think it’s safe to say that we’ve allowed enough time for our dinner to be sufficiently digested.” Sherlock said once the kiss broke several minutes later.
“To incapacitate versus just restrain, yeah.” John nodded. “And this one’s easier, at least I think it’s easier.”
“Have you started the Maths homework for Friday?” She said as she entered. “Oh… Oh wow. This is it, is it? This is everything you have on…”
Sherlock was just about to craft a strongly worded ‘fuck off’ text, when he felt a familiar pair of strong arms wrap around his waist.
“And in the mean time, you decided to just have a little check to see who was contacting me? That it?” Crossing his arms in front of him, John really wished he were in more than just a towel.
“Sorry, what?”
The Lestrade they're talking about is Greg's mom. We'll meet her, and Greg next chapter, when Sherlock heads to NSY to get a real investigation started.
I know I'm the writer, and I was in complete control over these two and their actions, but can I get a fuckin' finally!?! These two numskulls took FOREVER to get their crap together and admit what we've all known since like chapter 4! Well, now they've finally kissed and are headed back to Baker Street. Prep yourselves, because next chapter is 100% grade A emotional fluff (just fluff, the smut comes in the epilogue). You're going to want to brush your teeth afterwards because I'm aiming to rot your teeth with the sweetness.
John and Whitney solve some medical mysteries, and reach a turning point in their relationship
“You didn’t honestly think I forgot what day it is, did you?” Sherlock blushed, he did think John forgot. “One year ago today, you blurted out that you’re in love with me over a dead body. Where else would I be?”
at bay.
this is definitely helping.”
Unable to hold back any longer, John picked up the pace, pounding faster and faster into Sherlock’s body. He didn’t know how much longer either of them was going to last, Sherlock’s bucking hips meeting every one of his thrusts. John felt them barreling towards the edge, when suddenly Sherlock’s hands were on his arse, forcing him in harder and deeper with every thrust, and John was lost, lost to the clawing hands, biting kisses, and wanton cries of their lovemaking.
“I’m fairly sure that’s none of your business.” John snaps
“It’s what I’m here for.” John chuckled softly, daring to briefly tighten his hold. “It’s getting late, we should probably get some sleep, be fresh and ready for everything tomorrow, or I guess technically today.” He said, moving – reluctantly – to untangle himself.
“Shhhhh. You can tell me in the morning.” John hummed. “Just go to sleep.”
“Well why haven’t I been charged? You caught me red handed after all. What are you waiting for?”
Sherlock’s stomach dropped, he really was obvious. “What does that have to do with anything?” He asked.
“I’ve been dying to ask since you sat down, I was just waiting for an opening. What?” John said when Sherlock continued to laugh. “On Thursday, right when we’re about to leave, you dropped the bombshell that you help solve crime for Scotland Yard. How could I not want to know more?!”
“No, no. I just closed a case yesterday. I don’t know when Lestrade will call with another one. What if I don’t get another one for days? I don’t want to wait; I don’t want to wait to get started with you.”
“Ok, alright, what about him?” Bill nodded toward a tall, lithe man dancing in the middle of the floor, his dark curls bouncing as he moved.
“I’m sorry, I – I shouldn’t have interrupted. I… go on, I want to hear it… but, yes!” Sherlock grinned.
Next up, John's kidnapping gets attention, and Sherlock just might catch a break.
I probably should have said this earlier, but if you guys have ANY questions at all about what's going on in the story, please feel free to ask. Yes the story is written, but I'm editing and changing things as I post, so it'd be great to know if I've dropped something or made something unclear. I'm always looking for ways of improving and making sure this is the best final product it can be!
“Well, I’ve been known to have strokes of genius from time to time.”
To: wssh21@uwestminster.edu
Sherlock felt a heat start rising to his cheeks that wasn’t entirely due to his and John’s recent activity. “Yes,” he blushed. “It’s a purely physiological response. I have no control over it. Just ignore it.” He just wanted to get back to kissing.
*******
“What do people usually do?”
Sherlock talked and John listened until one of their stomachs – Sherlock couldn’t tell whose it was exactly – gave a low grumble, and John realized that it was nearing seven o’clock.
“Sherlock.” Lestrade said warningly.
“It is true. You wanted to make sure you didn’t recommend a dud – or worse – to Molly. And you spent all of last night hanging out with my friends simply because you know I really wanted you to come with. All that sounds like a good friend to me.”
"Nope. But good for him, finally getting out of that house. Took’um long nough.”
“I was tasked with getting you down here and keeping you here. Surprised we were able to pull the wool over, to be honest,” Lestrade chuckled.
“That’s alright Sherlock, you get some rest.”
Sherlock couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think. This wasn’t happening, he needed more time. He looked up, his eyes meeting John’s over Moriarty’s shoulder, and he lost it; the tears he fought so hard against began to fall.
“I think, just this once, and just for you, I can make an exception.”
Ellie/Jens
“Well I’m happy to hear that you’re ready and willing to work,” the therapist – Meredith something – said cheerily. Ugh, that’s just what he needed, another chipper person in his life. “But you have to understand that this isn’t going to happen overnight. A full recovery is going to take several months, and it’s going to be several months of hard work.”
Pausing his less than graceful attempt to extract his phone from his tight jeans pocket, Sherlock levels John with a heated stare. “Listen John, I find you incredibly attractive, but I don’t do relationships. I’m a get off and get out person, so if….”
“Not really,” Sherlock mumbled. Everyone looked so much bigger than him, and all he really wanted to do was disappear into the background and get on with everything.
“Yes?” Sherlock replied, not bothering to look up.
“I honestly didn’t think I’d live to see the day.” Came Lestrade’s voice from somewhere behind them. For a moment, John had honestly forgotten that he was even there. “That may be the single most impressive thing I’ve ever seen in my life.”
have on my… on my brain, on me. Seeing you, hearing you, it lights everything up. You’re the… you’re the spark that lights me up, and makes me who I am… I can’t… I can’t be me without you.” He finished quietly.
Subject: Hypoxia Project
It was over, it was actually over! Suspended from the university for the remainder of the current term and summer term, barred from living on campus and attending or participating in school sponsored functions, put on disciplinary probation for the next three years, mandatory weekly meetings with the office of student conduct, and immediate expulsion following any sort of further behavior misconduct. Personally John would have liked them to be chucked out of the school permanently and had their futures ruined, but the suspension, probation, and official disciplinary reprimand should follow them for a good long while. And most important of all, Sherlock was happy, so John was happy.
“Well you can rest assured, because I am definitely attracted to and interested in men; one man in particular in fact.” John smirked, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulling him back into another slow, almost worshipful kiss.
For the first time in ages, Sherlock’s mind failed him. He wracked his brain, but couldn’t think of one reasonable, guaranteed way to get John to see him. He couldn’t very well show up at John’s flat or at his clinic, smile, shrug, and say
“You know, John,” Sherlock said, when they finally parted, “walking up to you in the club that night, asking you to dance… that was the best decision I ever made.”
“I’m working on it.” Sherlock grinned, and returned to his meal, his chest feeling lighter than it had in a long time. The promise of an actual live crime scene with John. Finally, someone else with whom to share it all.
“Are you the fiancé?”
“Oh God, yes. Yes to sex, yes to anything.” John nodded. Perhaps he should have kept that last bit to himself, but Christ it was true; anything Sherlock wanted, John was sure he would give him.
“Worry me? Why would I be worried if he hit on me?” John laughed. “He’s definitely easy on the eyes. I tell you, if I was ten years younger, or he was ten years older…”
Sherlock doesn't say another word, he just takes John’s face in his hands and kisses him deeply, desperately. He then leads John into the bedroom, where they slowly strip each other, John being mindful of Sherlock’s bandage. John is then pulled down on top of Sherlock, mouth only leaving his to breathe, and proceeds to take Sherlock slowly and gently, focusing on the sensations, drawing them out.
“It’s not that, you know how much I love having sex with you. Being with you, well it’s one of my favorite pastimes.”
I didn't bother writing their 'not a date' date night, but if anyone's interested in what happened:
“So you’re… You find… women
Sherlock let out a shaky breath. “Really?”
“How did it happen?” Sherlock blurted, breaking the silence that had settled over them. “I’m sorry, ignore me. That was personal. I shouldn’t have asked.”
“Oh, yes. I just wanted to see how you were doing, wanted to make sure you were going to be alright. You were out for the night when I left yesterday.”
Christ, this was embarrassing. He should have just lied, told her that they’d gone away or that he was better able to separate the dreams from reality. She’d still pry and get to the reason, but at least he wouldn’t sound so needy.
“We take things slow,” John replied, tangling their fingers together and lifting their joined hands to his lips to once again press a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s hand. “We take our time, and we don’t rush it. We do this right.”
“Hey, don’t worry.” Lestrade said reassuringly. “It’s going to be alright, just go. And send me an update whenever you can.”
“Sherlock. Sherlock, relax.” John grinned. “I’m just yanking your chain. I’m just teasing you.”
“No, I’m absolutely serious.” Mrs. Holmes said, taking hold of both of John’s hands; her eyes getting misty as she spoke. “I cannot thank you enough for everything you’ve done for my Sherlock. And I don’t even mean just giving him a safe place to stay after… everything. I mean everything you did before, teaching him how to defend himself, helping him and looking out for him on his silly adventures, for being there for him, for being his friend.”
“Before we go in, Dr. Watson,” Dr. Cook said, turning to address John, “you should know that Sherlock is still unconscious. He appeared to show some signs of awareness as he was coming out of surgery, but slipped back under shortly thereafter.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They have rings.”
“What?” John blinked, thrown by the sudden declaration. “You mean right now, while we were kissing?”
“I have to agree.” Sherlock smiles. “I’d say we surpassed even ourselves.” Gently kissing John almost shyly, Sherlock pulls back, and carefully starts tracing the scar on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock had to look away. ‘
“Hello?”
“I’m just outside if either of you need me. Oh and John, I suggest you rest your cup on the table when you’re not drinking it, wouldn’t want to risk spilling anything.” Leah added, and quickly made her exit. Odd girl indeed.
“With me during my physical therapy,” Sherlock explained. “According to her, at this stage a friendly face can make things go smoother and speed up the recovery process. You know, support, encouragement, all that rot.”
Things soon grew frantic. With one hand still braced on the headboard, Jack reached back with the other, blindly gripping Sherlock’s thigh, and forcing him in deeper with each thrust, Sherlock’s – well, not really his – name tumbling from his lips over and over again. Sherlock heart was pounding, his skin felt overheated, his sweat mixing with Jack’s as his chest pressed flush against Jack’s back. The tension building in his abdomen once again coiling to the point of breaking. He was close, he was so close. He wanted… he needed…
“That was….extraordinary. Simply extraordinary.” John says in amazement. “What else can you tell about me?”
John hadn’t left with the other kids, he was standing in the doorway that led to the playground, looking back. Was he waiting for Sherlock?
“It kind of does,” John nodded, dropping his own bag on the floor, and flopping down on the foot of the bed. “However, unlike then, there’s only one bed, and I certainly don’t plan on spending a single night of our stay here staring across the divide, pining for you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“True, very true.” Sherlock nodded, though he couldn’t imagine ever taking his alone time with John for granted. There was a time he thought he’d love nothing more than The Work, the thrill of the chase, the blood pumping through his veins; but now, this, what he had with John, the moments in-between the chases, nothing compared to this.
After several long minutes of kissing – Sherlock had honestly stopped paying attention to time – John’s fingers had found their way into Sherlock’s curls, and Sherlock had found himself settled across John’s lap. It wasn’t until one of John’s arms dropped to Sherlock’s waist to presumably pull him in closer, that a single thought managed to make it to the forefront of Sherlock’s mind – passed the overwhelming chants of
“Exactly, and we can’t have that.” Becca smiled. “We’ll just be getting out of your hair. You two enjoy the rest of your weekend.” She added with a wink in the direction of the couch. John’s face felt hot, and suddenly he wanted to hug her less.
“And what does that tell us?” Greg piped up from where he was standing behind Sergeant Milner.
himself.
I don't know if I should trigger warning this, but to be safe, there is a bit of violence in this chapter (not  graphic, just mentioned)
“It’s Sherlock.” He choked. “He’s been hurt, he’s… he’s been taken to the hospital.”
“Dad!” Sherlock hissed as the curtain closed, blocking John from his sight. “Why did you do that?”
“I don’t know if that makes me feel better or not.” John laughed before popping a chip into his mouth. “Holy crap, you weren’t kidding, these things are amazing!”
“Yeah, grabbing someone around the neck? It cuts off blood and air, keeps a person immobile. You know… a chokehold.”
“I’m a doctor, I know what the damaged septum of a habitual coke user looks like. Now I’m pretty sure there were probably a billion other little things that I missed, that you saw immediately, but I never said I came anywhere near your exceptional brilliance.”
In season four, John and Mary's baby daughter, Rosamund, will make her apparition.  I did not see the first episode, and even then, I don't know how Sherlock and John's behaviour with a baby will resonate with my handling of mpreg, and eventually parentlock. Of course, although I always try to keep my character's behaviour as cannonical as possible (with BBC Sherlock, at least) maybe Gatiss and Moffat have very different ideas when it comes to John being a father and Sherlock handling a baby.  Just so you guys know, I'm only human, and in no way as clever as Sherlock so, I'm doing what I can, which is my best ;-)
"Yes, that's extraordinary," John says, his voice heavy with sarcasm.  "What's wrong, why you don't want to tell me?"
Then Sherlock's features tense, and his eyes become severe, just like they do when he needs to explain something to Anderson.  "Now," he says, voice loud and authoritative, a tone that will not be questioned.  "Listen to me, John Watson. You're going to stop this silly nonsense.  You're so overly dramatic, really, all you have is a small cut, a simple flesh wound.  I bet you could stand up and walk if you would stop whining.  Yes, you could, and now, I don't want to hear you complain like a wuss, because you aren't going anywhere.  You got me pregnant, you bastard, and you are stuck with me, understood?"
He didn't put anything in his hair and the short curls are frizzy and catching the light, surrounding his head like a halo.  John snaps three pictures in a row and begins to walk backward.
John wakes up in a jolt, ready to intervene.  Sherlock has the particular tone he uses when snapping at someone.  It's not only filled with anger but so deep it is practically rumbling - Sherlock knows how to use his baritone voice to his advantage.  It's usually the moment when John tries to calm things down before he has to deal with a police intern crying his eyes out or Sherlock deciding the whole New Scotland Yard needs to be reminded how incompetent they are.
"For now, you have nothing to fear.  With so many celebrity scandals these days, the so-called journalists couldn't care less about a local detective not only being a carrier but expecting a child," Mycroft explains.  "Nevertheless, if things go quiet I fear it will be noticed and published.  Of course, over the months, it will become almost impossible to hide your state so-"
"Look, Sherlock, I'm not good at speaking about these things but I am going to try.  I know you don't have a lot of experience and I assure  you we can take things as slowly as – “
Sherlock's hips are moving quicker, harder.
Sherlock, having caught his phone, doesn't look at it, even though the way he flips it in his hand indicate he's dying to do so.  He's staring at John, not angry or even  irritated.  A little surprised, maybe?
::: :::
Sherlock tilts his head, frowning.  "The pain is almost gone.  There is only a vague tightening sensation around my head.  Good."
Underneath the apparently childish way he proposes to get out of a boring task, John knows he’s doing it for him.  Unpacking after a trip, however short it has been, is a ritual for him.  He likes to take his time while doing it, in silence preferably, as if it eases the transition his mind needs to settle back into place, where he belongs physically as much as psychologically.  Besides, John’s curiosity regarding the case is seriously tempered by the prospect of witnessing yet another verbal match between the Holmes brothers.  He prefers waiting for Sherlock to expose the interesting elements to him.
John settles next to him and has Sherlock's head propped up on a pillow so that he can give him a massage with menthol paste.  It often works, and when it does not make a headache disappear completely, it can tone it down enough to allow the person to rest.
“John,” Sherlock groans.
"Well?"
Lestrade just rolls his eyes.
"Oh my god you are such a child."
John mumbles his agreement, still not trusting his voice.  He's actually relieved to hang up, and decidedly not allowing himself to think about Harry, not now.  He pushes his dilaudid pump button, deciding he should sleep while waiting for Sherlock's return.  How is it that he misses him so damn much?  It's barely two in the afternoon.
Sherlock is already squirming to sit up.  John presses softly on his shoulder.  "You were about to fall asleep not even five minutes ago.  You can always humiliate me tomorrow."
, is what he meant to say.  John's doesn't know what he's imagining right now, but he is certain it is full of realistic details and scarily accurate. The blinks keep coming, ever so slowly, and as long seconds strech without any change, John snaps his fingers in front of him, worried.
"I love your belly," John admits without any shame.  "It's gorgeous, and fascinating."
The meeting with Amy Brown lasts another half an hour.  With Sherlock's due date approaching, there is much to discuss.
He listens to Sherlock's lungs, searches for swollen glands in the neck area, then he tests the pupil dilation.  It is a little slow, but it might only be because Sherlock has spent many hours in the darkness, and is lacking sleep.
"Maybe..." Sherlock murmurs, lowering his head.  "I would very much like to keep you as an associate when I work.  Does it...can people who break up with each other remain friends?"
"Last time I cried like that I was eleven and my dog had died," he says, voice breaking from all the crying.
"That was at Musgrave Hall, uncle Rudy used to invite us there during the summer..."
"I... That is not what I said either," Sherlock murmurs, casting a look at John sideways, a shy, insecure glance.
John doesn't bite.
It is almost part of their lives, learning that the nephew of a mafia boss Sherlock had helped put away is planning to give the detective the beating of a lifetime, or catching a criminal that has been sending anonymous letters describing all the horrible ways he could torture Sherlock, before he even decided to act on his dark fantasies.  “It’s part of the game,” Sherlock liked to say.
With an impatient gesture, Sherlock wipes the tears on his cheeks.  "Well, look at me.  I'm pathetic."
"Stay there," he tells Greg, running to the other room.
“Shut up, please shut up...”
"Alexandra Jez, yes."
This is all going to be over very soon if John doesn’t break the kiss.  The realisation that he’s about to come when his cock hasn’t been touched, still trapped in a layer of cotton and jeans, makes him as giggly as a teenager.  He lets go of Sherlock’s mouth and stands straight, smiling when Sherlock groans in frustration.
For a few seconds, they are both silent.  John gets it.  He spends so much time worrying about Sherlock, so many hours waiting for him to come back home, and endless runs, stake-outs, confrontations with suspects, trying to always be at the top of his game, to be able to protect Sherlock in case he needs protection.  He knows how tiring it is being hyper vigilant for hours at a time.
On the other hand, John thinks... he thinks he can almost follow Sherlock's logic.  It might be comforting for him, knowing the option of failing – failing what, how? - has been taken away from him.  No, he doesn't think or feel like a normal person, that is one of the reasons John fell in love with him in the first place, and he wouldn't want it any other way.  The problem is, although he knows Sherlock pretty well -and it hadn't been easy, deciphering his genius of a flatmate- he cannot always understand how things work in his extraordinary brain, how he thinks when he isn't explaining it out loud while making deductions.  It is frustrating, at times.  Like right now, when Sherlock says he feels lighter, although his conclusion about not allowing himself to fail should have instead put an incredible weight on his shoulders.
“Not now, not now,” John orders, unable to hide the panic in his own voice.
"Oh please, do not lay that thick, gooey crap on me.  I am Sherlock Holmes, not a bloody social worker wishing to make the word a better place."
“You cannot be certain of it, Sherlock.  I swear I will get you to an hospital,” Mycroft repeats.
When silence stretches for more than a second, John risks taking a look at Sherlock between his fingers.  Sherlock's smug look is being replaced, slowly but surely, by embarrassment and shyness.
Downstairs, he sees light coming from the kitchen and follows it.  There, Louisa Holmes is doing a crossword puzzle and drinking tea.
emotions.  If only he could understand how intuitive he is.
"What makes sense?"
His tone is so serious and dramatic John feels the need to lighten the mood.  After all, what just happened is quite wonderful.  If you ask him, it’s a bloody miracle.
"Sherlock?"
::: :::
The teacher starts the class by presenting a short educational film.  It is interesting, but John has trouble concentrating, because he keeps wondering if Sherlock is paying any attention at all, casting him furtive looks that he is certain Sherlock notices.
John frowns at him, then turns on the radio, changing channels until he finds one playing Christmas music.
He’s never looked so beautiful.
Sherlock moves his hand toward his crotch, to show John a darker spot the size of a tennis ball on his cream-colored cotton pants, just as if...
"Yes.  I called this morning.  I hadn't had any news since he had told me the surgery was successful, and I was... worried, you know."
"No," Sherlock croaks, rubbing at his face with both hands.  He then risks a glance at John, and there is still fear in his eyes. "I won't force you to stay, you know.  I cannot do this to you."
"Sherlock, don't forget to breathe."
..."  Sherlock struggles with words and, impatient at himself, presses both hands over his eyes.  "I am such an idiot," he complaints.
...and then there are time like this, like morning sex, when they indulge slowly, still both coherent, letting arousal draw on them progressively.  It's mostly due to Sherlock, who then seems to need time shutting his brain off and letting go. So he keeps speaking until he gets speechless, and god, John likes it so much, how low and quiet his voice is then, how it sometimes breaks in the middle of a word because it feels too good and he's incapable of holding the noises of pleasure rising from inside.
"That Dr Watson look.  Managing to be caring and insufferably condescending at the same time."
Sherlock twists himself so that he’s almost lying flat on the ground, and grab his thighs, his fingernails digging into the skin as he lifts his legs with a growl.  Mycroft helps him, murmuring a series of encouragement words and endearment terms.
“What?  What is it, love?”
For the most part, though, their life goes back as it was before.  With the help of John's blog, an increasing public interest following Moriarty's death makes Sherlock busier than ever , and oh gosh, is he having fun playing the consulting detective slash high-functioning sociopath.  That at least keeps John grounded.  They work together, stalking potential murderers on cold nights, running through London, eating at impossible hours.  Sherlock is more disagreeable than ever with the Yard’s officers, especially Anderson.  At three different times, he gets Mycroft so exasperated at him the older man storms out of their flat, draped in his hurt dignity.  All that is pretty much the Sherlock John has come to know (and, well, love).
I once was in the Supernatural fandom, with a livejournal account, and had made a lot of friends.  At some point, I had to step back, because I realized I was maybe in too deep and was expecting too much from the fandom.  When I discovered the Sherlock series, I immediatly wanted very badly to write fanfics about it.  Nevertheless, I decided it would be wiser not to jump head first in the Sherlock fandom,  so I am not an active part of it, except for the writing.  I have a tumblr, which I used mainly to reblog art and pics because I still have trouble working with that platform.  It is ridiculous, but I am in my mid-thirties, and caught the tumblr train a tad too late.  Livejournal was so easy for me, but tumblr, instagram, etc... I cannot seem to "get" those.  Anyway, what I meant to say is that since I didn't try to find a new social circle in the Sherlock fandom, and the only place I actually interact is here on a03, it sometimes feels very, very lonely.  Which is why all of your comments were very appreciated.  You guys made a difference for me.  Thank you.
"The film. You were right, John.  It does seem I have yet failed to enjoy the positive side of my predicament, and in doing so, the future presence of our daughter in our lives."
Being snappy and impatient on a case is far from exceptional for Sherlock, but there is almost always something positive underneath: excitement and trepidation, riding the high of having his intelligence defied, at last.  This time, though, there is nothing of the sort.  John cannot tell if the nature of the case, with its almost religious setting of a mother-and-child imagery being its most striking feature, or Sherlock not being well.  He's hot and sore, short of breath, his feet so swollen he's had to wear a pair of trainers in lieu of his usual expensive leather shoes -and even then, he couldn't (well, John couldn't, as it is now physically impossible for Sherlock to lace his own shoes) lace them properly.  This detail is what seems to set his mood, early in the day as they get ready to leave the flat.  John knows, of course, that carriers last trimesters are known to be difficult and not well tolerated.  Medically speaking, it isn't that the symptoms differ from women’s pregnancies, it is that they tend to manifest earlier during the trimester, and to be more acute.
, John thinks in wonder.  It’s far more intense than just a sexual attraction, so much deeper, and maybe Sherlock isn’t the only one to be overwhelmed.  John hadn’t realized yet that he had never felt something close to what he feels for Sherlock, and it takes hold of him, making it hard to think, to breath.  This is it.
Besides, being a carrier already comes with an array of difficulties. It's been almost a hundred years since the first cases of male pregnancies have been documented, and although, ever since, the number of carriers has steadily increased, it is still somehow considered a curiosity.  The carriers have suffered sexism and homophobia for a long time.  It is better now, because they had fought for it, just as hard as other minorities. Nevertheless, John isn't naïve enough to think discrimination has disappeared completely.  It lays dormant, reveals itself now and then, sometimes in a violent way, sometimes insidiously, through a bitter comment, a job lost, a family broken apart.  What people think or whisper amongst close friends can have disastrous consequences.  Hypocrisy is hard to fight.
“I can’t...” Sherlock cries.  “Let me down, I need...”
"Oh?"
"You wouldn't," he had tried, but the uncertainty in his voice was unmistakeable.  John had won.)
It's only when he presents the underside of both arms that John realises what he is supposed to look at.  He turns his head with determination.
And lord, does he.
Give a challenge to a Holmes, you will not be disappointed.
John tries not to smile while removing the offending trousers.  Yes, crepes with honey sauce.  Double serving for Sherlock.
“What the hell is this place?” John can’t help but ask, stretching his legs outside of the car.
"Maybe it is.  You want to know what I think?"
Sherlock has the decency to look apologetic.  "When we share an intimate moment and I hum... become aroused to a certain level, I have the possibility to let go... As if physical pleasure allows my brain to rest, and everything becomes quiet in there.  It is... quite remarkable, and the effect lasts longer than what you stupidly call the "afterglow", sometimes up to an hour.  In my life, I've known two other things having the same effect : drugs that are depressors of the nervous system, like morphine -and hum... sometimes when I go deep enough into my mind palace, when I am not in the search of long-stored information and am just... visiting."
"Okay," Sherlock murmurs after long seconds of silence.  "Then I think I need time."
"John?"
“I know that,” Sherlock protests softly.  “Do not think I doubt you, but this is... overwhelmingly scary.”
“Sherlock, you should widen you stance a little, it will allow the ishial spine to pull back,” Mycroft instructs.
"Are you coming, or what?" Sherlock urges him, already opening the flat's door.
Sherlock had also told Lestrade that if physical training was part of his job.  Even though he is a good detective (or, in Sherlock's words, less stupid than most Scotland Yard cops), he cannot keep the same passion to track criminals in the middle of handling paperwork and co-workers, dozens of cases, a pitiful salary and a messy divorce.  To that, Lestrade hadn't said anything and spent a whole week without contacting Sherlock.
"We need to send your brother a fruit basket." he adds as an afterthought, running his hand up and down Sherlock's back, feeling the softness of the skin contrasting with the sharp vertebras.  Another contradiction. So many of them.  Sherlock's body is too thin, but his muscles -the ones in his thighs, arse, and shoulders - are developed, lean and hard.  His skin is pale enough that in his practice, John looks out for that pallor when he suspects a patient might have anaemia. But with Sherlock, it is a gorgeous colour, and none other would fit, except the redness of excitement, arousal or embarrassment. (John's personal favourite).  Again with the colour and contradiction, the darkness of Sherlock's soft hair would suggest the same all over his body, but Sherlock's chest is bare, wherein the rest of the few body hair he possesses are definitely not black -not even brown, as a matter of fact, but ginger. Of course, their sparseness is consistent with Sherlock's particular carrier biology, and-
"Ok, right, you get the general idea, great," John replies as harshly.  "Shame on me for trying to reassure my insecure pregnant fiancé who, might I point out, was swearing he was going to kill Anderson if his daughter was to be born prematurely not even two hours ago."
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  "I'll write it down if you want, but here are the essentials.  Please feel free to stop me at any time if you think I have forgotten or misunderstood something.  You are a doctor after all."
" Aim for the pool, John. "
John nods.
Sherlock sits on the bed and joins his hands once more.  He's shaking, staring into emptiness, his eyes still fierce but also liquid, darker.
Sherlock, in the midst of removing his trousers, answers with an annoyed huff.  He wiggles his hips and does complicated leg motions, but they seem trapped around the knees.
"Promise."
The renewed pressure has pain jolting through John's whole body like an electric shock.  He yelps.
"Alright there, John?" He asks, and although his sudden fit of anger is gone, he is cold and distant.
Sherlock swallows audibly.  He seems close to tears.  “Are... are you sure I’m doing it the right way?  Is there really progress?”
"Sherlock, look at me," John adds as softly as he can.
Sherlock stares at him.  Then, slowly, he lifts both legs, slides his arm around them, gripping his thighs with his hands, and lifts them, exposing himself in a way he has never done before, eyes closed, John knows, as much from embarrassment as from desire.
The worried fiancé/doctor radar gets through John’s heavy wall of sleep.  He sits up abruptly, blinking in the darkness, asking what is wrong before he can process anything else.
No, no one is dying... except of embarrassment, maybe. But there is no going back when you just fought over a doll
"Whatever you might think right now, it is not your fault," John goes on, because with time, he's getting almost half as good at reading Sherlock as Sherlock is at reading him.
John is very surprised, when he walks back into their bedroom, to find Sherlock asleep, curled in on himself in a way that makes it impossible to associate the small, fragile frame with the arrogant consulting detective rendered giant by his ego and assurance.
fitting.
...And this is why I never dared to ask for help, because I didn't want to take people's money when surely they needed it, or could help another friend, who was more desperate than I was.  The impostor syndrome stopped me.  As bad as it was getting, I always reasoned that surely, other people needed help more than me.  I didn't want to feel like that girl who wanted to buy another photo op, or that one who promised dozens of people drawings and art but never delivered and received so much help so many times.  So.  Yeah.
"JOHN!"
John keeps staring straight in front of him, doing his best not to smile.  It's a lost battle, really, with the way Sherlock huffs like a little boy.  John decides to squint, staring at the road, as if driving needs all of his attention.  It might work.  It started to snow half an hour ago, but it is not really problematic: the flakes are sparse, dancing in the wind as if they're in no hurry to hit the ground.
"...And now I get why your father suggested marriage," John smiles, grabbing Sherlock's hand to have him sit beside him.  "You have no sense, whatsoever, of the value of money. Add to this your ignorance of any legislature that cannot be used in a case.  If I weren't there you could be robbed of everything you own without even noticing it, Sherlock, how can you-"
John calls Lestrade, but only to ascertain that he hasn't contacted Sherlock for another case.  He won't display his and Sherlock's domestic drama for the Yard to enjoy.
They had discussed it during their last appointment, four days ago -a funny coincidence if you think about it.  Sherlock's exam had revealed their baby was still in a sitting position by then.
They’ve tried the most common position, which has the patient lying on his left side, with his right legs propped up by pillows (or in this case, Mycroft) but Sherlock didn’t like it.  He’s back to kneeling on the sofa, his upper body supported by the armrest.  It isn’t an easy position for John, who has to kneel too, head tilted to the side to have a clear view of his birth canal, but the pushes are extremely efficient that way.
“Sherlock?”
"John?  Are you going to leave?  John?"
"Well, you know me, I wasn't going to give them the satisfaction."
As it turns out, Sherlock hasn’t actually run away.  He’s back less than ten minutes later, wearing a smug expression on his face.
Sherlock is silent, looking out the window, for the first few minutes of the cab ride.  He isn't locking himself away, as he has taken John's hand and is holding it, playing with his fingers.
John sees the worry tensing Louisa Holmes's features, and figures that anyway, the surprise announcement is ruined.  So he smiles.  "No.  Morning sickness has been hitting him hard, is all."
"What?" He asks.
John catches Sherlock's knowing look while he lets her drag him inside.  It is clear now he's onto something, something he cannot share with John just yet.  All it takes is a quick stare into each other's eyes and John nods imperceptibly, knowing what has to be done.  He must reassure Beeks about Sherlock's intention and keep him out of the way for as long as Sherlock needs.
Sherlock is visibly lost in his own head, sitting on the couch with his knees drawn up, wrapped in his night gown.  He takes the cup from John with a nod of acknowledgement and wraps both hands around it, as if to warm himself up.
"Maybe that's what it was.  Rain at Christmas.  Nothing new there."
to solve that case?  It is...
"We really are having a baby," John mutters, to himself mostly.  How can he still be surprised by the fact?
Another soft nod.  Sherlock doesn't even react when the paramedic takes his arm and rolls up the sleeve of his shirt.  John cannot remember when Sherlock lost his jacket, but he knows he left the coat at the flat.  John needs to text Lestrade about it.  Sherlock's coat is like a second skin.  He has once told John that Belstaff didn't make this particular model anymore and that he was "ridiculously attached to the thing."
It takes John half an hour before he can excuse himself with empty hands.  He should invite Greg to share a pint at the club. He seems lonely.
He sighs, thinking he should go start the supper, when Sherlock stirs.  Eyes still closed, he gasps, then grimaces.  His belly changes shape suddenly, and an impressive bump appears on the left, close to his navel.  Sage’s moving has become very uncomfortable.  During their last appointment, Amy had found it funny that their daughter didn’t follow the usual pattern of reducing her movement progressively, as she became too big to have any space left to move, like most foetus.Not Sage.  She is determined to be active as much as possible, hence Sherlock and John new nickname for her.  She is indeed their little acrobat.
"The term prosper can also refer to the physical-"
“Oh.  Touch my belly John.  I think it is a real contraction.”
Medically speaking, Sherlock is doing well, considering the difficult circumstances of the birth.  He has bled a little, but not worryingly so, his vitals are good, and the genital area, although swollen and bruised, has not suffered any skin tearing.  John had been wondering about his colostrum production, since more than half of the carriers do not produce enough to feed their baby.  Evolution, it appears, still has some catching up to do. For the moment, though, it seems Sherlock can supply Sage with the richest and best nutriment she can receive.
"Do they feel heavier?" He asks.
John, strangely, is spared, which should be nice, except it means he has to be hyper vigilant every time they are not alone, because everyone else is fair game.
surprising, though, is the way Sherlock speaks of Mycroft; with respect, and also... affection?  God, no wonder they have such a complex relationship.
Oh god.
Sherlock is panting, but John can see that his little fit of exasperation toward himself is mostly done.  He loves Sherlock for it, for the changes he's made in his character, in his openness to emotions.  His heart has come to an almost perfect balance with his reason.  Sherlock can fight it, can hate it, but he wouldn't do anything to change it.  John knows.  So he decides to let him off the hook.  He deserves that much.
"You don't need to apologize, Sherlock.  And there is no rule that states you have to tell me everything about your life before me."
"Wha' ?" John slurs, fighting to keep his eyes open.
Sherlock flashes him a ferocious grin, and John bursts out laughing.
John sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose.  "You are definitely not at the morgue.  I thought perhaps you had fallen asleep waiting for Sherlock to be done.  Was he still there when you left or-"
Sherlock nods and sighs, loud enough that Mrs. Hudson might have heard him.  "What is it about?"
Sherlock is standing next to his chair, looking at the table disdainfully, the object of his disgust being a hard, plastic doll dressed in pyjamas and tucked into a blanket like a real baby.   John doesn’t know if it’s supposed to be realistic, but he hopes not, because the grimacing features and the too orange tint of its skin make for a very creepy baby replica.
"Sherlock?" John calls, his voice a weak, pathetic plea.
"Sherlock, it's alright.  I'm fine with whoever-"
Mycroft frowns.  "You do not want your personal life to become the source of gossip.”
"So, doctor Watson, what can you do to comfort me?  I am very upset."
"Can my second reason to be married, after, of course, our child's well being.... can my second reason be that I love you like crazy and do not wish to spend a single day apart from you?"
It is probably the distraction of Sherlock smelling his hair that makes it a few seconds of pinching and rolling his nipples before John realises something is different. They are slightly swollen, and still aren't completely erected.
Luckily for John's nerves, Amy Brown comes to get them less than five minutes later, taking them into a tiny private room.  After making the presentations, she assesses Sherlock's physical state.  The bleeding has stopped completely, and her exam has revealed he's one centimetre dilated.  She must see panic in John's eyes at this point, because she is quick to point out that it often happens - the cervix of the uterus can start dilating on its own sometimes as early as two months before the real labour begins.  It's especially true with carriers.  She cannot guarantee this isn't early labour, though.  They will monitor the contractions for two hours, and she will do another exam at that point.  Then she goes on about getting Sherlock rehydrated and giving him a inhalotherapy treatment just to help with the cold, and how, even if it is really early labour, there is some medicine they can give him to try and stop it -  but if all of it fails, John surely knows that at thirty weeks the chances of the baby survival are...
This chapter is kind of quiet.  It was supposed to have a second part with more action and developpment, but since I really wanted to get back to posting as soon as possible, I decided to keep it for another chapter, and just make the already written scenes a bit longer.  I do hope you will still enjoy it.
John sleeps for seven hours.  As soon as he realises it, he first panics (how could he sleep peacefully when Sherlock is god knows where), then remembers Mycroft and checks his phone frantically.  He has three texts informing him that so far, there is little progress.
"Long story short: my parents knew they couldn't control me, so they asked Mycroft, and he became my guardian.  He has to vouch for me, and if he doesn't follow the rules, the ward will be taken away from him, and into the state's hands.  It is... a burden for him.  I am not an easy-going pupil."
“Does it hurt?”
Well, there is the reason he had seemed so troubled.  How can he not, when he's just discovered the corpse is one of a new mother?  Lestrade seems to have come to the same conclusion, because he gives John a contrite look.
"There was a lot of blood," Sherlock says, turning his head away.  He swallows loudly.  "Your face, John.  It turned grey.  I saw it happen.  Made me think of Moriarty and the pool, of my stupidity back then, when I thought I knew better than to warn you about my stupid plan.  Remember... there was a moment, when I saw you, where I thought you were Moriarty, when he made you speak."
Sherlock nods.  His lower lip is trembling.  “God, I hate this sort of attention.”
How amazing it is to love someone who never stops surprising you?  When Adrian Holmes asks John if he would be willing to help bring logs inside, he accepts with a tad of regret, not being able to witness the mother-and-son interaction.
"Hey, where was this?  I don't remember that place?"
Then, a short giggles escapes Sherlock's throat.  He swallows it back, but it is clear he's quickly losing the battle with his transport.  A second later, he's laughing as well, holding on to John, one hand wrapped around his stomach. They share a hysterical giggle fit for about ten seconds, before Sherlock's eyes widen and he tenses, his already red face turning crimson.
Sherlock stops in his tracks.  He walks up to John, as tall and intimidating as he can be.  His nostrils are flaring, he has his "I am with stupid" expression.
“John.  Calm down.  I am waiting for my assistant to call me back.  We are getting Sherlock out of here.”
"I always found it endearingly cute."
::: :::
But of course, Sherlock had been very upset to be forced to leave Baker Street.  He had told John how it makes him feel even more vulnerable.  There is now a passivity to him that gets to John and twists his guts –something so utterly fragile and human it hurts a bit, just to think about it.
My disgust reached unprecedented levels when someone very active in the fandom, a person raising five adopted children all suffering from different disease and disabilities, had one of her child dying.  We mourned, and people gathered money to help that person and her family, until someone discovered that that person was a made up internet persona, and that she did not exist.  The person was a young woman who had spent years lying to everyone, and abuse their trust.  She disappeared. We were shocked.  I was disillusioned.
"You really are disappointed, aren't you?  You were looking forward to this.  You
He has already put his violin away.
Stupid, stupid, fight.
John knows what Mycroft is thinking, and it implies things going really, really badly for Sherlock. He's glad the other man does not finish his thought - glad but irritated that Mycroft is already expecting the worse.  Anger at the situation they find themselves in rises quickly from the pit of his stomach.  It's so unfair, for Sherlock.  Haven't they been through enough, or is the universe still needing to prove something to the genius he created, just to watch him struggle?  He
"What are you waiting for, go get her!" Sherlock yells, grabbing his arm and pushing him forward.
"No, I do not.  I was very, very surprised, since you always make such a fuss about your hair.  Comes with the detective character, I guess..."
“Like a ‘pop’.  Like a silent ‘pop’ inside of me.  Oh, this is ridiculous!”
They eat in front of the telly, and Sherlock goes through his chicken cakes and noodle salad in a record time, then finishes John's green curry.  He seems to realize how much he's eaten just as he puts his empty bowl on top of the small pile in front of him.  John tries to repress a smile at his annoyed look, but fail miserably.  Sherlock's cheeks are crimson.
Oh fucking shit.
After successfully working the generator, Mycroft has opted to give them space.  He’s in the kitchen, almost constantly on the phone.  He tries to keep his voice down, and John is glad.  Sherlock doesn’t need to hear conversations that could upset him or give him false hope.
“It is like you said, love.  We can do this.  Do you still trust me?”
"Two hours.  Those nurses kept coming and insisting I use the couch."
writer, finds this part especially difficult.  Luckily, he’s only the narrator of Sherlock Holmes’ exploits, and he can spare himself the intellectual pain of context and exposure.  Of course, he tries, in a paragraph or two, to add texture at the beginning of each new case, ,but it’s still pretty thin.
"We done?"  John clears his throat and stands up, surprised to find it difficult to talk around the lump of emotion swelling in his throat.  He's a wuss.
"What's wrong?"
“So, no.  You stay here and you try to get a couple of hour of sleep in that very uncomfortable looking chair."
“Dr. Watson.  Have you noticed... any change in my brother’s behaviour recently?”
"I see it all the time on people's faces, their anger or hate toward me, and God only knows I do not care.  I enjoy triggering this reaction."
Sherlock gives a dismissive movement of his hand, then his eyes catch the o2 sensor, a large white clip covering his index finger.  He stares at it in fascination, then waves, his eyes crossing.
Sherlock is now hovering over the body, his magnifier in hand.  "It is indeed a woman, middle class, late twenties," he behinds, observing something closely.
"And our daughter will be fine.  I am not worried, I never was."
John is starting to have fun. At the same time, there is a ridiculous flutter in his chest.
Good.  If Sherlock can still snap at Mycroft, he still has some energy in reserve.
"Screw Mycroft." John clears  his throat.  "I just want you to know I am perfectly happy with our lives, with you.  Nevertheless, I won't force you into anything, and that means both... options.  We can discuss this."
"John.  I actually haven't said I want to keep the child," Sherlock voices slowly.  "I said I cannot get rid of it."
"Thank you," Sherlock murmurs in a raw voice, when John is done.  Then, he grabs his hand and asks, eyes still closed.  "Would you hold me for a little while?"
"Woah, there, Sherlock," Lestrade says, standing between him and the suspect.  "I think he's had it, alright?"
John wants to refuse, wants to explain that it isn't normal morning sickness, Sherlock needs specific care, and...
::: :::
"Well," John objects, not sure he's on board with it.
Sherlock hasn't closed his gown.  He's gone back to facing the mirror, as if incapable of taking his eyes away from it.
Each time John pushes in the tight, soft, warm channel, Sherlock trembles from head to toes, giving a soft, high-pitched moan.  John keeps the pace slow, driving his shaft as deep as he can, then pulling back until the head of his cock catches the rim of Sherlock's anus.  It's the first time they have had penetrative sex in two months. The intensity remains the same -yet it feels different now that Sherlock is so advanced in his pregnancy.  Different, but fuck, just as amazing.
"I am going to come soon," Sherlock whines, turning his head to the side.  "John, please, stop, I want it to last. Make it last."
"You didn’t listen, Sherlock.  We've just cleaned her umbilic, which means it hasn't fallen, yet, which means you have to fold the front of the nappy so it doesn't brush against it."
It takes two seconds of reading before he gasps in shock.  Mycroft is staring at him without disdain or exasperation, giving a rare glimpse at who hides behind that mask.  He's anxious, and uncertain, and yes... emotional.  His eyes are shining.  He swallows several times in a row.
Sherlock lifts his head so that he can look at John.  “Do not make fun of me.  It is... a feeling, in my guts.”
Sherlock turns to look at him, frowning.  He's gloriously oblivious to his nakedness, his cock plump and rosy, already half hard.
"Ah, hum...ok.  Maybe it would be easier if you would show me, yourself?"
The pressure on his chest is intolerable.  And then air is pushed into his mouth, something warm and wet covering it.
Please read the End Notes to learn a bit more about this chapter and those to come (also, there is a picture.  Cannot say more!)
John doesn't feel the weight of Sherlock's head on his chest anymore, but only has to turn his head to see him sitting - more collapsed, really - on a chair near the bed, his upper body resting close to John's, on the side of the mattress.  He has an arm wrapped around John's chest and uses the other as a makeshift pillow.  His face is turned toward John, showing his tense expression.  He's asleep, though, there is no doubt about-
John's throat gets tight, suddenly.  It's like the rebound of Sherlock's crying fit hitting him only now.  He embraces it, because it also means facing the future, and the future is scary and complicated and unknown, but as long as...
::: :::
John thinks.  Fast.  Sherlock has gone back to his previous state, panicked silence.  It is only interrupted by a short but violent bout of coughs.  That’s what gets John into action.
Sherlock moves a little, now, pushing his hips back, lazy and slow, undulating like a snake bathing in the sun.  It's good, almost peaceful.  Sherlock loves it when they make it last, and this position favours it as well.
"Sherlock, what is this about?" Mycroft complains, closing the door behind him.  "You very well know I have no time for your stupid little guessing games, this better be-"
John knows Sherlock won't sleep if he's not close.  He always falls asleep easier when they are cuddling.  He's so tactile.
"What?  Sherlock that-"
“Maybe”, he admits, his voice a soft rumble.  “I am ready, though, John.  I spent most of the morning imagining my labour, in great detail, and not once did I have to stop because I was overwhelmed.”
John is sitting on the side of the bed, caressing Sage’s small head, when the far away noise of the approaching helicopter reaches them.  He looks at Sherlock, who rolls his eyes.  “Well, better late than never, I suppose,” he says, his voice still weak and raw from all the yelling.
John knows exactly what Mycroft is implying.  However, since it’s obviously a lie, some kind of test, maybe –because Mycroft is aware of John’s feelings toward Sherlock, of course he is, must have read it on John’s shirt collar or something-  he prefers to feign ignorance.
"Yes, I am."
Then the world explodes.  John crouches, caught in the incredibly hot wave of air that pushes him backward.  He’s going to fall on his back, and he knows that's not good.  The debris will hit him on the ground -that is, if he doesn’t hit his head in the fall, and-
"You should go home," John goes on, and when Sherlock opens his mouth to protest, he adds: "I know, I know everything you are going to say.  But there is the baby to think of.  I assure you I'll rest even better knowing you're sleeping in a real bed."
"Yes!  Yes, Gavin!" Sherlock exclaims, lifting both arms in an exasperated gesture.  "I am  indeed pregnant, and we are expecting our child for the beginning of June.  It's a girl."
::: :::
"That's my boy.  There.  Relax, takes deep breath."
“We didn’t have mincemeat pies with us.”
"When?"
Angie has withdrawn her hand and is now babbling full-speed.  What is Sherlock's name, is he a friend of her daddy, and is John his boyfriend because she knows boys can be boyfriends and oh, does he want to visit her room?  It's a quite pretty room.
His sleep is still light. His respiration is uneven, with that nasal quality given by the cold he's caught, but he is out, having succumbed to exhaustion despite himself, John knows.
Sherlock replies by biting the delicate skin of John's neck.  He hisses, but doesn't protest, given how the desire pooling in his guts suddenly starts to fill his cock.  Huh.  Looks like Sherlock isn't the only one into - reasonable- biting.
Sherlock pushes one last time.  It doesn’t take much.  Two tiny arms plop out, like rubbery appendages, and then comes the belly and the legs.
"Deal with it."
This gets John another phenomenal eyeroll.
"I think we are, hum... done here," John gives the stupefied room an artificial smile and takes Sherlock's hand.  He follows without resistance.
"Right on time," is his answer.
All the same, it is with candour that Mycroft accepts the “compliment.”
John, of course, is coming.
Mycroft is standing in the hallway, not even looking toward the bathroom.  It wouldn’t be polite, John thinks, and has to bite back a nervous laugh.  He stands up, leaving a reassuring hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
"He told you about it?"
"Obviously."
Mycroft put a hand on his shoulder, still and cold, showing he’s not used to those sorts of gesture.
As they dress up to go outside, John is pleased to see Sherlock putting on his Christmas present from him over his shirt. It's a jumper, a very thin and malleable cashmere of a royal blue colour.  John had been so unsure when he decided to buy a piece of clothing, but very determined.  He had chosen an extravagant shop and boldly asked for the "most posh-looking jumper possible".  Seeing Sherlock in a jumper, or jeans (gosh those jeans and the way they shape his arse), anything that isn't too sophisticated, does things to John.
"Well, I have learned my lesson."
"What is it?  Are the contractions back?"
Mycroft stretches his hand toward John.  "I'll be on my way then."
"I'd say she is multiracial, probably of a Hispanic mother and Caucasian father.  She did not die here.  The rocking chair and the doll are, of course, indicating a set up, but what I mean is she did not die in this room."
"Why didn't you tell me, John?" Harry cuts him off, speaking very softly.
"You slept on the couch, alone, with all your clothes on," Sherlock says hastily, like he just can’t help himself.
"John?"
John has missed it too.  There have been plenty of cuddling sessions lately, to compensate for Sherlock's lack of sexual drive, but it is now, in the middle of it, that John feels it in his guts, how much he needs the proximity, the emotional and physical connection they have in these moments.  He pulls back, oh so slowly, and circles his hips before pushing deep.  A groan escapes his lips.  His hand is still on Sherlock's belly, and John cannot remember a time where he's felt so close to Sherlock, as if he is about to lose himself, his identity, in favour of becoming part of a whole - Sherlock, and him, and the baby they made together.
"Yes, it appears I am not immune to stupidity after all."
Because he's taking the mask off -again- with trembling hands, then he tries to lift himself on his elbows, hurting to see, needing to prove -to Sherlock or himself, he's not really sure- that he's alive, damn it, he's not going anywhere.  Why can't he see Sherlock?  Why are there two new nurses, who seem to have popped out of thin air for the sole purpose of blocking his view? John pushes the arms trying to hold him back.  If he could only gather a little strength, but everything hurts and...
"I still want to have sex, though," Sherlock murmurs after a few minutes of intense silence.
“She’s stuck, isn’t she?”
The footsteps stop suddenly.  In the distant night, a dog barks.  Tension rises in the air.
John better get used to it, he thinks, catching a sentence about London traffic in the early hours of the morning during the weekends and wondering what the hell it has to do with anything.
John fights to put his gloves on while Mycroft stretches over Sherlock, effectively keeping his legs open.  Sherlock curses in between moans.  John, seeing his hands scratching frenetically at the sofa’s fabric, swallows another lump in his throat.
"I... yes, I... It's huh... yes.  Purely logical."
"Accumulating lots of data."
He wraps his arms around himself as if he needs protection.
“Ok,” John says, feeling once more focused and in control.  “Ok.  Mycroft?  You know everything you carried to the bedroom?”
It is funny, seeing the expressions shift in Louisa's eyes.
Speaking of Sherlock, it is impossible to even consider that he might be completely oblivious to what is happening downstairs.  There’s a lot of noise, especially the first day.  He goes along with it, though, and John finds himself ridiculously touched.  It really shows how much progress Sherlock has made.
He takes his hands off his eyes and offers them, wide and beautifully pale, to John's attentive gaze.  "I am going to be the father of a little girl; how is it always so hard to believe, how is it that I always need to convince myself that all of this is really happening?"
“I am not an idiot, Mycroft, I know that!” Sherlock snaps.
And he must have said at least some of it out loud because here they are, the most gorgeous, intelligent, piercing eyes in the world.
“We’re in no hurry.  Better drive safe,” John says, unsure if he is speaking for Sherlock or trying to reassure himself.
Luckily for them, the two-seater sofa Sherlock has been spending most of his nights on is close.  John feels Sherlock’s knees giving up, as he finds himself carrying most of his weight. Sherlock is collapsing, and John decides it is safer to slowly lower himself down with Sherlock, until they are both seated, although Sherlock is leaning heavily against him, panting, with each breath ending in a soft moan.
But then again, maybe not, is what he thinks the next evening.
John Watson hates Moriarty for all the hurt and pain he had caused to people, all the deaths he is accountable for, and he hates him even more for two specific reasons, the first one being how he had played Sherlock and enjoyed doing so, putting John’s friend under incredible strain by forcing him to follow his deathly, crimson trail.  The second reason, the most personal one, is because he had forced doubt in John’s mind, his actions making John wonder if, in fact, Sherlock and Moriarty were the same at the end of the day, like two sides of a coin.  For a few, dreadful hours, John had regarded Sherlock in the most horrid light, and had feared the feeling that was twisting his guts was
Sherlock shoots straight up on his legs, moving more quickly than he has in months.  He has both hands underneath his belly, his legs parted and slightly bent, and looks down himself with an expression of complete disbelief.
"Yes, I know,” John coaxes.
"And I have this," Sherlock shows John a small buzzer with a red button at the top.  "I have to press it if I do feel the same pain, in case the monitor doesn't register the contraction, and you can see that I haven't pushed it once," he explains as if it is an especially difficult concept to get.
John lays down to spoon him, running his hand slowly, up and down Sherlock's side, waiting.
::: :::
"L-love it, when you're like that," he says, his voice hoarse.
Sherlock lowers his eyes and blushes while a pleased smile curves his lips.  "So she might want to stay in there a little more, yes?" He asks, rubbing the curve of his stomach in a slow caress.
"Go ahead," Sherlock tells Angie, taking a step forward.  "I do not mind."
Sherlock casts him a quick, embarrassed look.  "I fear you might laugh at me until you choke."
It isn't sleep.  It isn't unconsciousness.  Somewhere in between, John floats.  He knows what is happening, can feel the paramedic sliding the oxygen mask over his face, then piercing his skin at the crook of his arm with a needle.  They'll give him saline to replace his blood loss until they reach the hospital.
"I get it, love.  Change can be stressful, but it will happen, one way or another," he whispers in Sherlock's ear, kissing it lightly.  "You just have to let it.  And yes, sometimes it will be difficult, but it's like that with most parents.  You don't have a complicated relationship with your parents because you are a genius, Sherlock.  You do because you are a
Another disdainful smile.
Sherlock lets go of Mycroft.  The older Holmes' face is beet red, his hair dishevelled.  He looks adorably confused -an expression John had never thought could describe Mycroft Holmes.  John's smile widens, and it starts to hurt, really, the muscles of his jaw are getting sore.
And Beeks did what she asked.  He admits he felt like it wasn't him, disposing of the body, as if he was observing everything from outside his body.  His mother knew.  She knew who Alexandra was, and she had agreed to help, staying home that night to watch over Sophie.
A bit confused by the silent conversation happening between Beeks and Sherlock, John nevertheless complies without a word.
"I don't know if I like it or not."
, he thinks, kissing the nape of Sherlock's neck.  You don't need more assurance that you will be a good father.  You already love our daughter so much.  More than you realise.
There are more people this time, although they still are the only carrier couple. The room is buzzing with noise and lively chatter.  It is evident most of the couples have taken more than one class together and, contrary to last week, when the whole room had froze at their arrival, no one seems to notice them except the nurse.  Good.Sherlock hates being observed unless he is in show off mode.
"No, you aren't."
Then something...
Sherlock stands up with all the dignity he is capable of and lays down the doll's body on the table, delicately, making sure its resting on its little cot.
"Thinking."
“Why would I Iaugh ?”
"How did she kill herself?" Sherlock asks, trying to sound at least a little sympathetic, but John can read the physical signs, knows it is one of those case where Sherlock gets so angry at other people's "stupidity", as he calls it.  Lives lost because of idiotic decisions, for absolutely no reason, he often says in these occasions.
"Technically,
"Was that... did you just sneeze?"
"You're not listening to me," John all but growls.  This time, he does stand up, and doesn't give Sherlock the chance to retreat further, as he is a few steps away from his room. No evasion and silent brooding, John decides, walking toward Sherlock who backs up until his back hits the wall.
“Tell me help is coming,” John asks, moving a hand to caress Sherlock’s head.  His curls are damp with sweat.
He runs his finger low, under his belly.  "It might be the location of a sensitive nerve," Sherlock sighs.  "Hold your horses, Doctor Watson," he adds when John begins to reply.  "I know.  She is starting to be quite confined and must have difficulty moving as much as she used to."
The cab seat is old and hard. Sherlock moves his hips and winces, trying to find a comfortable position.  It gets to John, twisting his heart a little; the same goes for the excitement he tries to hide. John sees it in the way he keeps touching his lower lip with nervous fingers. It is one of Sherlock's tells when his brain gears are not only working at full speed, but creating a manic high that feeds his addiction to solving mysteries.
Lestrade finds an escape by describing how they had tracked Laura McMasters back to a cousin's flat and the arrest that had followed.  John really does try to listen, but he finds himself drifting off nevertheless, missing words here and there, then whole sentences.
"And Angela," Sherlock added.
It was supposed to be an easy enough, straight-forward case.  A murder, caused by a violent love triangle.
“That won’t happen,” John tells him, firmly but softly.  “You don’t need to control your reaction to pain, you need to accept the pain.  It will allow you to breathe better and to be less tensed.  Don’t waste your precious strength to keep up appearances.  Alright? And I’ll take care of the rest, Sherlock.  I’ll be there to put you back together, as always. You know I will.”
It is fascinating, how Sherlock's nervousness still manifests in its usual way, with a seemingly never-ending discourse.  Except it's all happening in slow motion.
"Don't be a moron, John.  I'm talking about all the caretaking you've submitted me to since yesterday.  The more you do it, the more aroused I become.  I believe the intonation of your voice is what gets to me the most: it is soft and considerate and affectionate.  Like I am something fragile and precious, needing to be handled with care. It has the same effect as when you take control during sex.  It is a fetish, or a kink, if you prefer the popular term.  I have a caretaking kink -but in my opinion, it really is just an extension of both my submissive and praise kink.  I falsely thought my fever might have been responsible but I was…”
"Never did," Sherlock agrees, lifting his head to look at John.  "Now it feels a lot like I have lost the reins, at least partially.  My emotions and my fears refuse to be put to their place by logic.  And I do not know how to control them."
"We are having a girl, John," Sherlock answers, lifting an eyebrow as if it explains everything.
Sherlock lifts his shirt -the position he's in is the one where his bump is the most on display, and John's mouth fills with saliva, while his dick gives a soft twitch.  At the same time, there is a warm sensation in the pit of his stomach, that has nothing to do with sex.
- - -
John’s incredulity must be easy to guess, if only by the short hesitation in his massage of Sherlock’s hair.  The other man looks at him, still smiling.
John shakes the large hand, once more surprised by the strength of it despite the old man's almost fragile frame.
Sherlock tries to brushes his hair away from his face, fighting the wind.  He's beautiful.
Then he's up, sliding into his Belstaff, still ignoring John.
"Why not?" Sherlock replies, getting up to brush the crumbs out of his jeans.
It becomes scary, sometimes, how often their conversations happen half out loud, half in their heads.
"This is definitely not digestion," Sherlock murmurs, widening his fingers.  "And it is consequent with the baby's development, although it varies greatly, especially for a first pregnancy."
He drags himself up, hit by a bout of tiredness.  When was the last time he had more than four hours of sleep in a night?  He has to restrain himself not to fall back on the comfortable bed and have a little nap.
"You don't say."
"Go ahead," John says, willing himself to calm down.  "Solve your case.  This is absurd.  I was waiting for you to snap from the minute Amy Brown told us about the bed rest...and then it's
Thanks you all!
He's in the ambulance with him.
"The couch, it's nice.  Very... um... cosy...?"
(there is a utrasound in the next chaper.  Yay!)
Sherlock is doing incredibly well.  Whenever a contraction starts, he holds onto John, facing him, hands wrapped around his neck.  He concentrates on his breathing, and very rarely lets out a groan of pain. Still, John can tell it is getting harder.  His legs are less steady, and he needs more time to relax after a contraction.  Despite the fact that they remain close to the fire in the living room, and that John has put him in one of his old jumpers plus a pair of wool socks, Sherlock’s body is racked by shivers, some strong enough to have his teeth chattering.  It isn’t worrying.  It is a normal biological reaction to the hormonal outburst and the rapid changes Sherlock’s body is going through –it is the same principle as going into shock.  Nevertheless, John knows how exhausting shivering can be –it is draining the body of its precious energy, and Sherlock will need some later.  There is little John can do besides cranking the electric heat up and mop up the sweat from Sherlock’s face and hair.
Sherlock straightens his back to be able to cast him a curious look.  "Like what?"
The baby’s head.
He should've known there would be some retaliation.  He should've been prepared. However, the sight of his favourite jumper torn to pieces had gotten the best of him.
John snorts at that. "Okay, alright.  Let's put you to bed."
He brings the cups in the living room, still ignored by Sherlock who moves slowly with the melody, staring out the window.  He's dressed in a suit, his hair artfully done, and John knows that, for Sherlock, dressing like that has been thought about and picked for the simple goal of impressing others, being taken seriously, looking intellectual and professional in contrast to the people of Scotland Yard.
The closer he gets, the more of the situation becomes clear to John.  First he sees the flashing lights.  Police cars.  Emergency vehicles. Then he hears, beyond the howling wind, human voices, lots of them.  His view is almost completely blocked by Mycroft’s car.
“I do not think she has the tiniest of imperfections,” Sherlock goes on, avoiding John’s gaze.  “I observed her very carefully, but it seems I now have to make-do with a new lens added to my perception filter.”
"There was a rumour in the family, about a rare diamond that Margaret Grey would have had implanted under the skin of her left ankle.  I believe you will find, detective, that there is a post-mortem wound corresponding to that location, that wasn't there when it was examined for the first time."
Sherlock is finishing dressing up, sliding into a suit jacket still fitting, although he cannot close it anymore.  He raises an eyebrow at John.
::: :::
Mycroft answers with one of his pinched smiles, tilting his head to the left.  His eyes are searching John with an intensity that is usually more of the Sherlock variety.  He’s upset, John realizes.  He can feel the nervousness hidden behind the posh, disdainful facade.  Another Holmes boys character trait.
"Well, you are an idiot," Sherlock states matter-of-factly, stealing the last tart on the plate.  "But," he adds, lifting a finger when John begins to protest.  "I will admit I was hit by a certain sense of... inadequacy when I began to take notes.  It seemed that the more I read, the more I discovered the length of the changes we would have to make.  I would suggest we find a specialist store and buy everything there, which would reduce the tedious, horribly boring time we will spend shopping."
John steps on the bed and settles behind Sherlock, wrapping his hand around his waist and tucking him as close to him as possible.  Sherlock doesn't resist.  He sighs, his body relaxing.
“Even that particular helicopter cannot fly right now, the weather is too dangerous –there is a fifty percent chance it wouldn’t reach us, and endanger gravely the life of people on board.”
"Give me my phone, don't you realise we've just had a major breakthrough in the case, I do not have time for-"
"Apparently not," Beeks says, except... it has the intonation of a question.
In front of them, about a quarter of a mile ahead, the road junction has disappeared.  All that’s left is a giant pit of mud that the - supposedly lovely- river now fills.
“Me?  Of course I am.  Oh.  Is it about the scrubs? I just borrowed them because my clothes were drenched in water.”
But what if?  What if Mycroft speaks the truth?  Hope swells in John’s chest, and he would very much like to bathe in it, but panic mixes with it, probably triggered by Mycroft’s sinister way of announcing the new.
John doesn't answer immediately, trying to process how awful those words sound when someone else says them.  And because of it, of the frightening heaviness of the guilt that settles on his chest, it gives Sherlock the two seconds he needs to walk away.  John barely has time to say his name before the door slams shuts.
"You need to stop, Sherlock.  Please."
deal with being  different his whole life.  He was probably very isolated as a kid, not understanding how the people around him couldn’t think and use their intellect as he himself did.  John can picture a kid in a class asking with all sincerity why they were learning stuff surely everybody knew already, and not understanding why the other kids would shoot him dark looks.  It must have started that way until Sherlock began pretending
"Sherlock?" He calls.
John grabs his arm.  "Sherlock, slow down.  What is it?  Listen, I know it's a big deal, listening to the heartbeat of the baby for the first-"
"Oh please, you couldn't even look at me in the eyes yesterday evening, that's how uncomfortable you are.  You were right next to me where I happened to mention the fact to John, which, really, I should apologise for my emotional outburst, my fiancé was dying.  If I had known that revealing my pregnancy would put you in such a state I would have keep the fact to myself, believe me."
Sherlock stares down at his shirt and seems surprised by the brownish stain.  "Oh. I am sorry John, it must be quite disturbing for you."
Sherlock listens carefully, answers the question in a remarkably calm and contained voice, then gets out of his pocket a small notebook in which he’s noted well... everything. How could John have missed this - Sherlock transforms everything, every situation in a potential file, or graphic, or spreadsheet.
Another series of blinks.  Although Sherlock seems to be present, John isn't fooled.  His brain has shifted into high gear.  He's losing himself in too many chains of thoughts and letting the real world fade away.
?  Me?”  John tries to laugh it off but the noise doesn’t go past his lips.
Mycroft shakes his head softly, smiles, then grimace.  "It is barely a scratch, Doctor Watson.  No even worth mentioning."
Sherlock's nervous blinking is out full force, and his legs are shaking, visibly.  John grabs a chair nearby and forces him to sit.  Sherlock does, still blinking, his body rigid and his expression unreadable.
This isn't just hesitation.  This is a decision that has been made.  It might have already been made five days ago.  John tries to find the right words, but he can't.  He had known it would be difficult, but was also convinced that Sherlock would go through with the abortion, in the end.  What he had feared were the consequences of it, and how Sherlock would deal with the aftermath.
"Not something you can control, love." John cannot hide his smirk.  He sometimes has maybe a little too much fun having Sherlock freak out over the most ridiculous things. "Hey, I bet her first words will be:
"I... " Sherlock closes his eyes shut and circle his hips.  "I wish you would touch my arse, John...please."
(Besides, it might be easier for John to get Mycroft to participate in the laboratory project if he hadn't just stolen money from him.  God, when did his life became so strange?)
"Yes, John?"
In that specific case, though, I really would have been giving away the solution to that part of the plot, and I couldn't.  Again, it was never my intention to hurt or offend anyone.
“It’s ok, no one panic, every contraction pushes the amniotic liquid out.  The baby must have moved a bit and more of-“
say is:
However, Sherlock had listened to the same news coverage and had also read something about an overflowing river somewhere close to Storrington.  This, and tiredness, got the better of him.  He was usually able to get a couple of hours of sleep at the beginning and the end of the night, but last night, he just couldn’t.  The baby had been hiccuping for hours, and moving accordingly so, to express her own frustration.  John had found Sherlock on the loveseat early that morning, staring outside the window, his eyes sunken, his skin almost translucent.  “I used to function normally despite my insomnia.  This is very frustrating,” he’d whispered, his voice low and uneven.
"Okay you need to rest, and yes, you need to take better care of yourself, you've pushed yourself to exhaustion once more.  If those two crazy killers haven't showed up in half an hour, I'm taking you home.  We can call Lestrade and he will manage to catch them, but-"
“I’m having a baby, you genius,” Sherlock snarls, and it’s reassuring to hear him acting normal again.
The blood draw seems to last forever.  The nurse has trouble finding a good vein.  At some point, Sherlock hisses and snaps.
A firm hand on John’s shoulder makes him jump.  It’s Mycroft.  He’s completely wet, his  hair dripping down his ears and neck.  He shoves his mobile in his pocket and gives John a serious, contrite look.
“Of course, here we go.  That’s it.  Better?”  He asks, his voice back to the calm, controlled tone he has been careful to use.
Sherlock is hurt, underneath his sudden coldness.  What a stupid misunderstanding.  John would be upset at Louisa Holmes, except he knows very well what it’s like to know an addict closely.  How many times did Harry promise she was stopping for good,
"Indeed."
Sherlock huffs.  “I sometimes wonder if he’s been genetically programmed to harass me.”
"No, of course not."
Sherlock stops and blinks nervously at him.  “Apologies.”
, John says, but the inside of his mouth is thick and sticky, too dry, and all that gets out is a weak sound, muffled by the oxygen mask.
"We are not having sex," Sherlock says peacefully.
"Hmm I like that you like that," Sherlock admits, his voice even lower.  "What was I say... oh... say-h-ing?  Right.  I think Maybe it has to do with how weird I have f-felt in the past month or sssso...
"Yes."
In the following days, he tries his best to occupy Sherlock from the moment he wakes up until they go to bed.  He suggests they go over some of the cold cases, which Sherlock accepts, and in return agrees to give his opinion on some of them.  "I already know them practically by heart.  Maybe a new perspective... "Sherlock says with a crooked smile.
"Why is it?"
"I will hurt you."
Sherlock frowns, concentrating.  John's question seems to baffle him.  "I... cannot give you a satisfying answer.  It started when we had our first discussion about the birth with Amy, and choose a natural labour and delivery."
"So what?  You want to give it up for adoption?"
Oh, it’s heart-breaking, how young and lost he looks in the moment.  John finds it in him to push back his own anxiety.  Not now.  He’ll allow himself a good old breakdown, but only after their daughter is born.
"Mycroft?" Sherlock asks in a timid, trembling voice.
“You know it is usually more work for carriers, darling,” John reminds him.  “But the head is engaged and with each push it gets closer to be expulsed.  We’re getting there.”
"Shush," Sherlock is saying his forehead leaning against John's.  "Shush, John.  I won't let you go, I swear, please, please don't speak."
John takes a deep breath and sits next to him.
“I only did what I could,” Sherlock cuts him off.  “And now get yourself together, because if you cry, my sympathetic system will have me cry too, and I don’t have enough energy left to fight it.”
stop, even if only to undress himself.  He could spend an eternity on that old couch with his arms full of Sherlock.
"The Southdown neighbourhood is mostly composed of white, upper middle-class families.  If someone from a different ethnicity had been living there, her presence had to have been noticed.  Yes.  European father, south-American mother.  I say there is a ninety percent chance the mother was from Argentina.  No.  Mmh.  Text me if you find something. Yes.  Yes, I'll be there.  Nine o'clock.  For Christ's sake, Lestrade, do you
Sherlock expresses it differently.  He’s noticed John’s worries; of course he has, and had tried to explain. “I feel like my own being is entirely dedicated to the arrival of our child.  It fills my mind just as my body, so full there is no place for anything else.”
John nods.  Anything positive he will take gladly.
John fights the impossible heaviness of his body.  He wants to turn towards the back, he needs to look at them, one last time.  Jones will be blowing chewing gum bubbles and Vicario will be fighting with her helmet's strap, and she will curse like a sailor, which never fails to make John laugh -probably because it contrasts with her delicate, petite frame.
Downstairs, a huge plate of spaghetti Puttanesca is waiting for him.  He’s pleasantly surprised to see Sherlock has already started eating.  Of course.  John watches Mycroft, who is looking at Sherlock with a satisfied expression. He would have picked a meal he knew Sherlock would appreciate.
“I have an idea,” Sherlock rasps, as soon as the contraction gives him respite.  “And you will have to listen to me, and trust me.”
"John, do not get angry.  Not over this," Sherlock pleads.
"Speaking of French, my grandmother, who was a very skilled amateur horticulturist had all sorts of stories about plants.  She used to call sage "the wise herb" because as you will note, the word "sage," if read in French, means "wisdom".  And then she would say I was the family's sage, which of course, would please me infinitely - as you have noticed, I am very partial to compliments.  One evening, she even took me-"
"Nope.  Need some exercise.  Let's walk."
"Since I prefer to be on the safe side, I want to keep you here until tomorrow, under observation."
"My father's idea.  He thought it would help... whatever."
“Well, it is yet another reason for you to help me : you wouldn’t want me to throw away some precious results or your thousand page long hypothesis about the identity of Jack the Ripper.”
we do have sex, you have to let me do all the work, and be satisfied with what I suggest."
"You shouldn't have," he says while Sherlock rolls down his sleeves.
"I am sorry, love.  I wish I could help."  John kisses Sherlock's forehead.  He shrugs as if he does not expect that anyone can help.  His eyes are getting wider, their blue colour more aqua than grey, as they get each time they are filled with tears.
"Yes, I am going to hug you now," Sherlock warns him dramatically, pulling Mycroft into what must the gawkiest hug in the history of the world.  Sherlock's hips are twisted to try and get his belly out of the way with very little success, so Mycroft's upper body is pressed against his own, his carefully combed head shoved into his chest, and he is standing on his toes just to keep his balance.  After a long, awkward moment, he relaxes a little and wraps his arms around Sherlock's waist, patting his back -what he can reach, anyway.
"Did anyone ever tell you how melodramatic you are?"
Sherlock's expression switches from abashed to incredulous.  "Well, this might be the exception to the rule.  I dreamed..."  He has a long, exaggeratedly dramatic sigh, then seems too make a decision, shoulders hunched down in a theatrical pose of defeat.  "It started with a nurse rolling me into an operation room like there was some sort of emergency.  Apparently, the natural birth we are going for had revealed itself impossible to achieve at the last moment.  Then I suddenly found myself being surrounded by machines and medical staff, on the surgery table, because I need a caesarean section.
"Thanks for having us, sir."
"Sherlock alright?" Adrian asks from the living room.
"I won it in a poker game against a man I suspected of running a human trafficking faction here in London.  Turned out it wasn't him, but his cousin.  You'll remind me to tell you about the case one day, it is quite amusing despite the matter being anything but.  Anyhow, I did get the official papers of the property, but I forgot about it, until a year later, when I was called to Eastbourne to help solve a kidnapping case.  Since I was close by, I happened to drive by the place I owned and it turned out to be a cottage on the edge of the South Downs."
Sherlock lowers his eyes and smiles, grabbing it between his long fingers.  "She should be."
The death of Jim Moriarty is only the beginning of a long and complicated investigation.  Sherlock spends a couple of days with the special team put up by Scotland Yard, to "get them going," he says.  Moriarty's criminal organisation isn't your typical one.  He doesn't have a whole hierarchy of people working for him, from the second in command to the stupid goon throwing fists.  There is no financial aspect to it, no fake legal business behind the façade of criminal activities related to drugs, prostitution or weaponry.  It isn't even an organisation, per se.  "He was alone.  No one knew whom he was exactly, or what he did.  He was like a puppeteer, holding the strings of all the people that gravitated around his consulting business and making sure they had as little contact with the others as possible while doing precisely what Moriarty wanted," Sherlock told John.
John might have very well lost the sense of time passing, or anything else existing, really, outsideof Sherlock's belly and himself, because the rumbling of Sherlock's voice has him gasp in surprise.
It's a pity.  For the first time in the six days, since they took the decision to keep the baby, Sherlock seems grounded and calm.  He hasn't been exactly difficult through the week, but very visibly overwhelmed, his temper going from nervous and agitated to logical and practical in a matter of minutes, several times a day.  There has been nothing from the Yard, nor visits from clients, and barely a couple of emails from people asking for help on depressing love affairs.  Which means Sherlock had needed to occupy himself with his new-found obsession for procreation, gene mutation and male pregnancies.
“At this point, I never cared less.  Ok, there it is, are you ready, John?”
John grabs Sherlock's face without finesse, eliciting a surprised huff from Sherlock who, once he gets with the programme, closes his eyes and grabs the front of John's shirt, waiting.
"You are not my doctor," Sherlock hisses.
Sherlock had remained resolute.  Of course, John had snapped a couple of poses (alright, maybe a dozen) but most of them don't show Sherlock's belly, and the others have the face of a very unhappy detective in the middle of telling the photographer to piss off.
"Always so modest," John mocks.  "I would like to see you try.  Anyway, it took me twelve minutes to succeed.  The hum... crotch region is especially challenging."
"I would never do that."
"I thought Chambers had been the one doing most of the beating."
"It's not about passing a test, Sherlock."
There it is, the sound of people walking in; loud voices, Mycroft’s amongst them.  Without realising it, John has tightened his hold on Sherlock.  He kisses his temple and gives him his most assured, confident look.  “Trust me, darling, I’ll be there every step of the way.”
"In a minute."
"Sherlock,"
It’s exhilarating.
His eyes, though, what
That last sentence is uttered like Mycroft is announcing that Sherlock has been struck by a rare and mortal disease.
I am back with a new chapter.  Finally.  I want to take the opportunity to give my sincere thanks to those who left me comments after my last post.  I would like to be able to demonstrate how much it helped, because it really did.  When you are in a very, very dark place, and quite isolated, kind words of encouragement are like as many little lights appearing nearby, make the world a bit lighter.
"I enjoyed the war, Sherlock.  I hated it, but I was addicted to it.  I didn't became a soldier because I'm a good person.  I did it because I needed the adrenaline.
"Yeah, John, please, I'm... "
"Irrelevant?"  John hopes his face reflects his incredulity about what Sherlock deems irrelevant or not.
He is the first to climb into the jeep.  When Marshall jumps behind the passenger seat, singing an old Rolling Stones song off key – the song's different every time, and every time, John is unable to remember the title - John knows he needs to warn him.
John tries, he really, really does, biting the inside of his cheeks, thinking of dreadful things like dead kittens and such, but he cannot hold back the bubbling hysterical laugh stuck in his throat.  Sherlock doesn't even seem surprised.  He watches him laugh until tears are sliding down his cheeks with a stern look.  John apologises between hysterical hiccups, and for good measure, slides an arm around Sherlock's shoulders.  He tenses but doesn't push him away.
"No," Sherlock cuts him off.  "You needn't apologise.  I am well aware of the damage I have done in the past.  You have been carrying the weight of being not only my brother but my keeper for way too long."
"What the hell are you talking about?"
“No, of course I’m not sure, but we can try,” John snaps, feeling immediately guilty.  He begins to apologise but Mycroft stops him with a dismissive hand motion.
John doesn't bite.  "But it's different, right?  You do feel different, even though there aren't any visible changes.  For me, all there is the knowledge that it is there, nestled comfortably inside of you.  Our baby."
He's told to calm down and stay still, wondering what is actually happening to him and to his absolute surprise and horror, bursts into raw, dry sobs.
"How did you put it together?"
Sherlock snorts. “I need quiet, uneventful days.  I want to be very lazy while you spoil me rotten, until our little acrobat is ready to join us.”
John gets close to him, enough for Sherlock to feel his support.
"Maybe... maybe I'll become a bit... irrational during the more painful phase, and if it happens, if suddenly, I'm pleading for drugs instead of the anaesthesia, please remind me I'm an ex-addict."
"Then explain to me why you look exactly like it?  Do you have any ideas what it does to me to see you like this, emaciated and-”
This case had been different from the beginning for various reasons, none of which were its weirdness, despite that being one of the main attractions of cases where Sherlock is involved.  It gets under Sherlock's skin, deeply enough that John can feel it reverberate, like a vibration of sadness and melancholy reaching him when he comes close to the detective.
Mycroft ignores John's gaping mouth and surprised eyes.  Instead, he throws a set of keys at him.
"What?"
"I know you have.  Please, keep it.  For now, that is our best proof that you didn't have anything to do with your wife's death.  I will take care of speaking to the police first.  The chaps at Scotland Yard can be quite thick, but they listen to me.  You should be able to at least avoid prison.  If you are intelligent enough to follow my lead, that is.  Keep to your story, simply explain exactly what you told us.  Do not add unnecessary details."
"It's called Su Udon soup and-"
"I'm not exactly an expert in long-term relationships either, Sherlock.  But you know what?  From the beginning, being with you, has been liberating."
After a few seconds, Sherlock finally nods, almost imperceptibly but still.
Nothing.
"What what?"
For a second, there is the shadow of a smile on Mycroft's face.
John shifts his weight on his right arm so that he can use his other hand to tease Sherlock's nipple, smiling at the way his eyes practically roll back. He lifts his hips, not much, but three times in a row, and lets out another moan.
"On your what?"
"Well," John snorts, "getting used to it or not, you need new clothes; it's going to get bigger, you know."
“Good.  He looks exhausted,” Mycroft answers, then sits in front of John.  He has an open, worried expression, and it is strange to see it on a face that’s usually so neutral.
"Oh you're already close," he murmurs.  "So close, just from me kissing you, getting you undressed.  Fuck, it's driving me crazy, Sherlock."
Sherlock shrugs.  “Sentiment?” he suggests, then rearranges himself to stretch his legs on the coffee table.  “I have always reacted the same way when people I met for cases said something similar, like they knew X didn’t do it, they did not have any proof, it was just a
John smiles.  He only slept for an hour and a half, but he feels better than he has all day.  Greg stays a few more minute and they share their coffee in an agreeable silence, John's mind soothingly blank of any worries.
"Hey," John shushes him by kissing him on the mouth, "you don’t have to make excuses.  I know what the studies say.   Your behaviour is completely normal.  And even if there were no studies, you have the right to refuse sex whenever you do not feel like it, understood?"
John pushes the doubts away, and it isn't that difficult. He knows damn well he isn't better equipped or competent to handle parenthood than Sherlock, despite what Sherlock thinks, which is the reassurance John thinks he needs, not the bare truth.  It's just easier -and, frankly, it’s second nature by now- to worry about Sherlock than himself.  John has never been good at regarding the man he is with objectivity.  It's hard, always will be.
, John.  Come on.)
----SPOILER-----
"Well, we picked neutral, soft colours to favour sleep and-"
I've received comments and messages of people wanting to help and support me, and I'm addressing the issue at the end of the chapter.
"Hey, don't beat yourself up.  I know what it looks like."
table, wondering out loud if Lestrade has calculated the exact height of the inscription on the wall.
He stands, Sherlock, wearing crumpled pyjama pants and an old t-shirt, his eternal blue dressing gown falling from his left shoulder.  Tall.  Too thin.  His hair is getting long, and the curls are harder to tame.  Sherlock hates going to the hairdresser and John hopes he'll postpone the moment a little longer so that he can play with the ebony locks to his content and watch them circling his head like a halo when he sleeps.
Without protesting further, the paramedic jumps down the back of the ambulance.  John immediately closes the door and pushes Sherlock's stretcher into a proper position, locking it in place.  Maria doesn't try to question his authority. She's busy unwrapping medical supplies and getting flannel sheets.
Later, he'll pretend he wasn't responsible for his "ridiculous display of affection" as it was most probably due to a "hormone overload."
"Well, with the bleeding and-"
Right.
"Doing what?"
At the hospital, another sonogram had been done, just to be sure the foetus was getting everything it needed, and its development had been normal, its heartbeat steady, just like during the first one.  It doesn't help John feel relieved, because hell, seeing Sherlock throwing up so many times, and practically melt under his eyes, had been anything but fun.
"But Sherlock-"
Hello readers!
John knows Lestrade is fighting Sherlock away from the wound, and he gathers enough strength to call him, loud.  "Sherlock, he is right!  Let him do it... please, love."
Sherlock sniffs in disdain and slides his hand in his trouser pocket to flip back the flaps of his coat, revealing a very, very discreet bump trapped under a black shirt.  The main new thing is the fact that he let the shirt out of his trousers.
John explains.  Mycroft interrupts and tells the rest of the story.  "You prefer to be discreet about it, but you would like me to use my resources and help you get my brother back.  But, John, we both know Sherlock, twenty-four hours is hardly a reason to worry."
Three hours later, John texts Sherlock - no answer.  Five minutes later, he calls him and is directed immediately to his voicemail, which is full, of course, so he can't even leave a message.
He's turning his back to John, staring out the small window.
John is by now used enough to assisting Sherlock to know what is about to happen.  He will give them several pieces of information while examining the body, then the crime scene, but with no explanation as to how he deduced them.  He doesn't like being interrupted while he's deducing.  John has learned to be patient, but given how exasperated Lestrade looks each and every time, he still hasn't.
"John."
"Of course."
About the names of Sherlock's parents : Never once, in the original ACD stories, does he mention Sherlock's parents, let alone their names.  In BBC Sherlock, probably wanting to stay true to the original material, Sherlock's parents are credited as "mummy" and "daddy", and I did some research, their name aren't mentionned anywhere else.  I was feeling a bit frustrated, and the idea of inventing names that didn't have anything to do with the material and "Sherlock" felt wrong, as if I was playing with ACD's characters without his permission.  My brain is weird that way.  Long story short : I needed a source for inspiration, and I finally went with "Adrian" and "Louisa", the first being the name of ACD's oldest son, the second being the name of his second wife.  :D  Anyway, that is where the names are coming from.
In the meantime, watching Sherlock's arse is a fantastic way of occupying himself until supper.
The familiar tingling sensation runs through his nerves, even going through his lips, shifting into a disagreeable prickling one.  It always happens when John is getting angry, when he knows that, however hard he clenches his fists, he won't be able to let go.
"John."
This is wrong, so wrong, and John cannot do a thing.  His voice is still silent, and the jeep keeps on going toward the ambush, irremediably toward pain and death and-
“I’m guessing you didn’t make yourself anything for breakfast, did you?” He asked, sounding, at least to his own ears, fairly casual. Maybe he really could do this.
“They’re right, though. I do love the watch, I’ll wear it always,” Sherlock said, securing it to the inside pocket of his jacket, “and I am incredibly lucky to have found you.”
In the end it was the sound of a throat clearing with increasing frequency, coming from somewhere behind him, that finally managed to pull John from his Sherlock Holmes induced haze.
Once prepared, John’s mouth finds Whitney’s again, and slowly starts to push in. While he takes his time, her breathy gasps and against his lips, moaning as he moves deeper, cause John to fight to control the urge to thrust in all at once. Fully seated, John stills, allowing Whitney to accommodate to him. After a minute or so, Whitney starts to rock up against John’s pelvis, telling him he can move. John’s thrusts start off shallow, slowly working up to longer, and deeper movements. Hands roaming up and down his back, Whitney mouths along John’s neck and shoulders, rising up to meet and match John’s pace. After what feels like both an eternity, and a matter of seconds, Whitney is arching off the bed as her climax crashes over her with a broken cry, John following only moments later.
“No, you’re right, you didn’t. You forgot you were on crutches, tried to climb in the victim’s bathtub, and nearly cracked your head open.”
God, it was fun to tease Sherlock, and John was going to get to tease him for the rest of their lives.
“Well what can I say, loving you as much as I do, it makes me ridiculous.”
John’s invaluably was just one more reason Sherlock had to get a handle on his attraction. He would not lose his first true friend, and someone who had quickly become indispensable to The Work. He could not lose John because of something so silly and common as ‘feelings’. But he was Sherlock Holmes, he had overcome cocaine, drug runners, murderers, and meddlesome older brothers, he was not going to allow himself to be bested by an ex-army doctor and his own hormones. He could do this, he could get over John Watson – despite how much he rather fancied the idea of getting under him. Shit, he had to stop thinking like that.
"Yes."
John opens his mouth, then closes it.  Sherlock almost had him.  He gives him a look, and sees the frustration on his face.  It is hard not to brag.
"I am right."
Sherlock stops and takes a trembling intake of breath.  He presses his fingers on his forehead, again, as if he can take control of his thoughts that way. "I do not care I have to ask Mycroft's permission before travelling to another country, or if he receives my tailor's bills.  John, I am not going through that again."
"Relax," John coaxes, his voice completely wrecked.  "I've got you, darling.  I'm right here."
Hello!
"Shut up, I am fine," Sherlock says, lifting an eyebrow at him.
"I was ogling you."
“Still trying to disentangle the Missing Head case?”
By now, he's into the twenty-eighth week of his pregnancy and his belly is very visible - it cannot be mistaken for anything else, not with the rest of Sherlock's body remaining so slim.  John loves it.  It's firm and round and protruding in front of Sherlock, still concealed between his hips, and its form is already playing tricks with Sherlock's balance.  It happens when one carries their baby straight in the front, Dr. Smith has explained, instead of the belly's shape extending to the hips.  It will take some time for Sherlock to learn to work with his new gravity centre.  John can see it sometimes, especially when he stands up -there is a second of immobility before he finds his bearings, and when it's longer than a second, Sherlock huffs in exasperation.  Still, he had so far seemed quite at peace with his physical appearance, with the exception of his belly button, which is now popping out, enough for it to be visible through his shirts.  Knowing Sherlock's distaste for that particular part of his anatomy, it isn't surprising.
“You are almost fully dilated.” John announces.“Nine centimetres.”
“Ok, hmm... Ok.  Mycroft, you need to get the fire going, we’ve put it out not even an hour ago, it shouldn’t be too hard.  And after that, well...last time we were here I saw a fuel generator in the shed behind the house.  I have no idea if it’s working, but it would be good to get electricity back in here.  Alright?”
"So it means the chances of having twins is more important, given your genetic heritage," Amy Brown joins in, as if John didn't know it already.
"Come on now, you're fine.  It's all fine.  You said it yourself, remember?  I’ve always got you."
to resort to this.
"Still at the morgue.  See, Margaret Grey had grown more and more paranoid about the jewel, which was stolen once right after it was given to her as a wedding gift some thirty years ago.  It became worse when her husband died, and she had the crazy idea of wearing the diamond under her skin -she got it from a very bad detective novel."
"You're fine, love.  It's all fine."
It seems to please Sherlock, even more so than the other reasons, because his cheeks blush from pleasure.  He presses his lips against John's, a spontaneous gesture, enthusiastic and cheerful.  John opens to him easily, relieved that this difficult conversation hadn't turned into a fight.  He hopes he did get through to Sherlock.  There is no doubt there will be a lot more similar discussions in their immediate future, which John doesn't mind if they can continue to be so open and honest with each other.  Hey, maybe they are already being influenced by their daughter and learning to be wiser.  It's a comforting thought.
"You did well, love," John murmurs, sitting on the edge of the bed so he can take off Sherlock's shoes.
Mycroft to throw a fit."
John's balls actually clench at Sherlock's declaration, such dirty words coming from his lovely mouth.  And Sherlock, the smug bastard, knows exactly what he's doing, if his I'm-so-clever smirk is any indication.
It's awkward, because Sherlock's nervousness seems to suddenly throw over his careful composition.  He has trouble holding the glass because he's trembling, and as John tries to grab the straw with his mouth, Sherlock curses himself quite originally.
"It's not a real baby!" Sherlock hisses, giving John a look that screams ‘you're an idiot’, and not in an affectionate way.
"Of course I am.  I... this is... because of what I have become.  Tonight, I have taken decisions base upon my emotions only.  My... intuition," Sherlock almost spits that last word.
"Mr. Holmes's lungs are clear, and there is little secretion in the bronchial tubes.  This treatment is more of a prevention, to avoid eventual respiratory congestion.  His oxygen level is good.  He won't need the mask when I am done."
“He must have been pretty pissed,” John can’t help but feel amused.  Sherlock’s pleasure at pissing off his brother must be contagious.
When he's done drinking, he takes Sherlock's hand between his.  Sherlock looks everywhere but at him.  His free fingers are beating a quick rhythm on his thigh.
John nods, trying to catch his breath, and he's about to explain to Sherlock how cramping is a normal occurrence during pregnancy.
"Well, thank god.  He needs to rest," John replies, guessing Amy had been a bit apprehensive about the subject and wanting to let her know she's off the hook.
them?
Panic is making Sherlock's voice tremble.  John realises he's been silent for a while -maybe a whole minute.  He shakes his head vigorously.
“Ready for what?”
John tries not to take it personally.  Sherlock is well... Sherlock, after all. John only needs to be more obvious. He moves in front of him, trying to catch his attention.
He grabs him by the shoulders and uses a tone he knows will work.  "Look at me, Sherlock."
It could have been disastrous.  John is quick to react, though, not even thinking, just running toward Grey as quick as he can.  He doesn't hold anything back and throws himself at the man.  Grey realises what is going to happen only a second before he receives a full body tackle, his eyes crossing in surprise.  He fights dirty, moving on the ground like a snake, trying to free himself from John's strong hold.  He doesn't stand a chance.  Sherlock approaches, short of breath, and soon, police officers are there too.
"Then stop whining."
"Husband," he says solemnly.
John is still laughing out loud when the door closes behind them.
Today, Sherlock is wearing pale jeans and a light cotton long-sleeve shirt, with the sleeves rolled up to the elbows.  It's of a baby blue colour, and gives Sherlock's peculiar silhouette so much sweetness.  He's still thin, and more delicate than ever, the impression of fragility he emits is almost heart-breaking.  Without his belly, Sherlock's body lines were all sharp and strong, his way of moving giving them a discreet but definite strength, graceful but dangerous. Now, the roundness of his baby bump, plus the few pounds he managed to put on, have broken those rigid lines, and with the haircut taking at least four years from him, it only reinforces this impression of frailty.
"He is because he gets bored, and sleep is a waste of time when he could be thinking, so I am not sure it counts."
And then, finally, the three nurses and the orderly leave, and Sherlock comes in, glaring at them as if they have personally insulted him.
"It won't be so bad, Sherlock.  I can take a leave of absence from the surgery and stay with you," John offers.
"I still used after that, but very rarely, when boredom or depression were eating at me from the inside.  Nevertheless, what I meant to say is...not being in control is not only about my emotions.  It reminds me of a version of myself that I hate, and that frightens me, even more so now that I value my life because you and our daughter are part of it.  I don't want  Sage's birth to be tainted with those memories.  I do not want to reach a point where there is that horrible sensation of not being able to contain myself, feeling like I am not retained by my carnal envelope anymore and that my mind is spilling, away from me and..."
Sherlock's face is unreadable.  He lowers his eyes, playing with the hem of his flannel sheet.  "Well, if it is what must be done to assure the continuation of the pregnancy, I will of course do whatever you say I must."
"They love you, Sherlock."
John should be angry at Mycroft’s way of referring to Sherlock, but what he sees in his eyes is only affection, with a pinch of exasperation.
"Alright?" He asks after a few seconds.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes."
Sherlock moves from the window, not much, but just enough that, if John carefully takes a few steps forward, he could have a good profile.  All or nothing, he thinks, going for it.  Thank goodness, Sherlock's eyes are closed.  He doesn't move a lot, but still swings his hips softly with the rhythm.  John tries to time his picture not to have it blurred.  He will have one chance only and doesn't want to waste it.
John nods.
I haven't kept a lot of the elements of the original ACD story specifically.  Nevertheless, I used a lot of tropes that can be found thorough ACD's writings.  He often used, as part of Sherlock Holmes investigations, mysterious women from far-away lands running from their past.  And Holmes has, on more than one occasion, decided to keep his own deduction to himself, when he judged someone did not have to pay for a crime, or that there wasn't a crime after all, etc.
John stands up, rubbing at his forehead.  There is a headache hovering behind his eyes that is just waiting for the right moment to strike.
“Easy for you to say,” Sherlock snaps, but John has already stretched his fingers in the correct position, each one touching a side of the uterus’s entrance.  He takes them out quickly and, without moving them, carefully lay his hand on the rule he had settled on the towel.
Really, it’s closer to six and a half.
“Oh.  It’s snowing,” Sherlock murmurs, sliding his upper body out of the car to stare at the sky as well.
"Bloody hell, Mycroft, it's been two days!  Aren't you supposed to be the British government?  How can you monitor your brother's life with an obsessive accuracy and not know where he could've gone?  Jesus CHRIST!"
“Is she alright?  John?  Is she?”
Surprise -and yes, a little hurt- must shown of John's face, because Sherlock blushes red.
"I can-"
Sherlock decides then to push John away, literally, planting both hands on his chest and going for it with a growl.  John stumbles back, falling in his chair so violently it almost flips backward.
"Well, Anderson," Sherlock begins, taking a step toward him, "sometimes, when two men love each other very much-"
e don’t let me fall.”
John is glad, though, that Sherlock seems to be ready to take the matter into his own hands.  And before he can find a proper answer, Sherlock goes on.  "I'm... I'm scared of dying!  I never was before.  My own finality is inescapable, so why bother being scared of something inevitable.  Now I... not only do I fear death, but pain.  Pain is something I usually manage quite well, why on earth is it so often part of my dreams, a pain that is more of the kind of an ordeal.  It paralyses me and renders me unable to... to give birth to our daughter properly."
Oh yes, it does make John happy.  Choosing the colour turns out to be simple, since Sherlock accepts the first one John suggests, which is a soft shade of lavender with a tad of lilac in it.
John is still impressed.  He himself feels like he's about to go crazy, being locked up in the flat.  At least, he has the chance to escape when there is some shopping to do; more specifically, he can move.  He's waiting for Sherlock to finally snap at him, to tell him to get lost with his stupid distractions, and yell loud enough for the whole population of Baker Street to be able to hear about how he's bored to death, and his brain is well in the process of rotting from lack of stimulation.  John couldn't even be mad at him for doing so.
is the key word here.  John knows Sherlock can be dangerously strong, even though he's not at the top of his game.  Still, in the meantime, it is so damn hard to resist holding him all the time, shielding him away from the world.
Oh God, he
::: :::
Beek’s eyes have taken on a strange dead stare, although they are wider than ever.  When he answers, it's in a monotonous, detached tone.  "She's been dead for more than ten months now."
Gently, he coaxes him back into position, despite Sherlock's still outrageous look.  After a few seconds, he seems to give up, though, and hides back his face near John's neck.
"Less dizzy.  Still pregnant."
"Wow," John sighs, lying on the bed next to Sherlock, "You are boring, tonight."
It's been a long week.  John going to get a drink in the pub down the street and come back later, hoping Lestrade will have called in the meantime.
"I am not doing it for the money."
All professional, suddenly, John sits Sherlock on the closest kitchen chair and shoves his head between his legs, maybe a little harshly, given Sherlock's muffled protest.
Eight months to go.  John had started to believe they would be similar to the past few days, and that he had better brace himself for it; then, when he had arrived this morning, Sherlock had still been sleeping -good- then had shared breakfast with him - very good - not mentioning the pregnancy but trying his best to at least seem interested in John's night shift.  He was already playing his violin when John had gotten out of the shower to discover Sherlock had -by himself!- made pot of coffee for him.
Nevertheless, it is with extreme caution that Sherlock lowers the bed rail, seating himself so close to the edge of the mattress he's practically still standing up.
"Yes, I did.  It's good."
"God, look at you, I can't believe you're letting me touch you, I can't... " John brushes his lips against Sherlock's cupid bow, and oh, feeling those small puffs of warm breath against his cheeks...
"Awww, you fell in love with the place," John teases.
“Sherlock-“
“Well, the "I’m not gay" part was a crucial factor,” Sherlock says with a sarcastic tone.
Sherlock gives John a short but triumphant look.  He had predicted it.  "The newspapers were silent about the body that was discovered; not enough information to ask for the public's help so Scotland Yard kept it to itself.  But you know your wife is dead, Mr. Beeks.  And you know where her body was found."
"I was apologising for earlier."
As soon as they had entered the flat, Sherlock had started to undress, dropping items of clothing like clues on his way to the bedroom.  His smug expression has disappeared.  He had  dragged John onto the bed, his eyes dark and lips trembling.  "Please, John.  Please, hurry, I need it."
John nods, but doesn't even try to believe it can be true.  Shopping with Sherlock is hell.  When he doesn't complain like a five year old you've forced to come along, he gets incredibly difficult when he is in fact interested in buying something.
Sherlock.  On his best days, he can switch moods dramatically more than once.
John keeps looking at Sherlock.  The pain is gone, and the grey veil isn't so dull now.  It's inviting, comfortable, like an old, worn out jumper.  Something from inside him spread warmth.
"It is not a game, mummy, if you can just wait for John and I to-"
"Alright.  All I'm saying is that what you are going through, most pregnant people experience it as well.  Of course you're scared of something going wrong, of being in pain.  A labour is something huge, there is no human experience quite like it, and it's something you've never done before.  As for your fear of dying -well, fearing death isn't a simple black and white matter.  Right?  I mean... You are part of a family now; of course your perspective is changing.  You want to be there for your daughter.  It's the most natural thing in the world."
"I do not."
"Hum, yes, just like coffee.  He asked me about it, and had me buy him decaffeinated tea, but then he found a way to withdraw the caffeine himself from his favourite brands."
"Obviously.  So, yes, Sherlock, I think it's a good idea."
"North Middlesex, Sir," the woman -Maria- answers quickly.
... On the other hand, no.  John doesn't want anyone in the cocoon but him and Sherlock.  Even Mrs. Hudson does not come in without knocking and never more than once a day.  As she always brings food with her, she is forgiven.  John notices that every meal or desert she cooks that week are Sherlock’s favourite - he puts on four pounds that week.
Sherlock begins to turn.  It is evident he wants to face John, and also evident he’s having trouble manoeuvring his clumsy, spent body.  John helps, as gently as he can, unable to hide his smile at Sherlock, rolling his eyes at himself in exasperation, short of breath as much from the sex than from the simple act of rolling in bed.
“That’s it, Sherlock,” John says, delicately sliding his index around the birth canal, “that’s a good one, keep going.”
John is working on a tight muscle knot just below the shoulders when Sherlock -thank god- stops grunting all of sudden.
Sherlock stares down at him, frowning, impatient - almost angry that John has put an abrupt end to their love-making session.
At least, John doesn’t have to worry about keeping Sherlock warm.  The warmth isn’t only for their comfort –a new-born is extremely sensitive to cold.
"No. Of course not."
Sherlock knows what is coming, it's obvious in his features he won't let John go through with it, but hell, if this is it, if this is how John Watson, army captain, blogger and companion, is going to die, there are things that need to be said.
Sherlock doesn’t wait another second and pushes, three short but strong pushes, before he collapses against Mycroft, still sobbing.  John tries to reassure him the best he can.  He had hoped the head would be out, and it almost did, but really, it’s a matter of minutes.  He coats his finger in lubricant and tries to circle the skin, but the head doesn’t leave him room, and when Sherlock yells, actually yells from pain, he stops.
I just wanted to say that Sherlock's struggle deciding if he wants to keep the baby or not is his own.  I am not establishing a statement here, he is not pro-life, he is just considering his own desires and needs.  I hope I haven't offended anyone.
"You see?  I know all the answers, so I do not see the point in spending two hours re-learning them," Sherlock's tone becomes hesitant toward the end, as if he did not mean to say any of it out loud.
The spell is broken abruptly by a long, wet coughing spell.  It's harsh enough to have Sherlock struggling to breathe.  John helps him into a sitting position and softly rubs his back, telling him to breath and not to panic in a soothing voice.  When it ends, Sherlock takes a couple of shaky breaths and lies back down, a perplexed expression on his face.
"I take it that you two know I am not especially fond of following what social norms expect of me when I am offered something.  It often seems insufficient.  Of course, it doesn't mean a simple thank you from my part isn't just as heartfelt as a more extravagant physical demonstration of my gratitude."
"Damn it Sherlock this isn't enough he needs a tourniquet, he's bleeding out."
"A little wisdom wouldn't hurt either of us."
He pushes back John's leg and takes a long, careful breath.
"This case is... strange," Sherlock declares, frowning.  "I have too many leads, and I cannot progress further unless a correct approximation of the time of-"
"I know," Sherlock whispers.
John smiles, tilting his hand down below Sherlock's belly to rub at his cock, already half hard, a tensed bulge trapped in soft cotton.  Speaking dirty to Sherlock can leave him stoic and bored, but providing the most basic sort of affection can result in him coming in his pants.
John wishes he could lay down with them, just for a minute, just to take Sherlock into his arms, be skin against skin, with their wailing daughter close to them, but it’s not over.  He needs to stop the blood flow to the umbilical cord, and to get ready for the placenta’s expulsion.  He still stretches to kiss Sherlock, then his daughter.
“I’m going to have a baby,” Sherlock rasps.  “John.  I am not ready.  We aren’t in London, we’ll have to go to St Mary’s.”
“But... there are so many variables that are out of your control, John... what if...?”
"Oh, seriously?"
Ok.  Time.  Sherlock needs time.  And John will of course give it to him. He's fine with it.
For about twenty minutes, John just stared at Sherlock. He looked different now, he shouldn’t, but he did. He just looked like he was sleeping – and he was – he didn’t look lost, he didn’t look like he was somewhere John couldn’t reach him.
“And have you wanted to meet me?”
John thought as he continued to dress,
“I know I don’t say it enough,” Sherlock said quietly, “And I should say it every second of every day, but I hope you know… surely you know… you must know,” he was rambling, he had to focus. “When I’m with you, and even when I’m not, even when I just think of you, I am overwhelmed by my exceedingly fond feelings for you, John Watson.”
“Yeah, yeah it is. Listen you two, I have to get back to work, but you’re welcome to stay here as long as you need.” Sherlock could see Sanderson eyeing him specifically.
“Since you won’t go to a facility,” Mycroft repeated, staring pointedly at Sherlock, “I have made arrangements for twice daily sessions with a top physical therapist who will come to my home, where you will be staying for the duration of your recovery.”
“I can’t say I know much at the moment, other than he’s been taken in for surgery.” The DI sighed, sounding weary. “I’m sorry, but do you mind if I ask you how you know Sherlock and why you’re interested?”
“I do my best.”
“Then God yes, I absolutely want to come along. Are you sure it’ll be alright with Greg?”
“Sher –” the man attempted to say before another coughing fit took him. “Sherlock.”
Fuck it. “Fine. You correctly tell me five things about me, and I’ll dance with you.” Two could play at this game.
“Team effort son. And really, you and Mycroft didn’t get your powers of persuasions out of nowhere. Mum may be the genius, but I’m not half bad sometimes.” His father’s gentle teasing, like a warm blanket, brought a small smile back to Sherlock’s face.
Once his brain processes what his eyes are seeing, Sherlock Holmes wrapped around him, sound asleep, John immediately starts straggling to de-tangle himself, the movement waking the sleeping man.
Mrs. Hudson looked skeptical. “Well what could have happened that was so bad that he can’t forgive you?”
“I love – I’m in love with you too! I’m so in love with you!” Sherlock exclaimed, climbing back on top of John to straddle his hips, and kissing him with such ferocity that John ended up flat on his back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ve been watching me.” Sherlock continued.
“Getting help from time to time isn’t a bad thing” John sighed. “Fine, why don’t I teach you some basic self-defense? That way you can fight your own battles.”
“He’s in the recovery room now, we’re monitoring to make sure his vitals remain stable, and then he’ll be transferred to a permanent bed in about an hour. You can visit him once he’s in his room.” The surgeon said, before turning to John’s father. “Mr. Watson, if you’d come with me, I can take you to John now.”
“A double hotel room. You weren’t listening, were you?” John sighed. “Michelle and Andrew’s party is in the evening and Sherborne is over two hours away; it’s just easier to stay the night and return home in the morning, or… or afternoon.”
Molly is throwing her boyfriend a party to celebrate him getting accepted into the police academy, and to “start the new term off right!” John plays football with Greg Lestrade, Molly’s boyfriend, and much like with Molly, they formed an easy friendship. They bonded over not only a love of football, but also the fact that their lives and careers were all but chosen for them. Greg has an ability to detect when people are lying, coupled with the fact that he has a knack for problem solving, and his father is a detective inspector with Scotland Yard, it was pretty much a foregone conclusion Greg would be following in his father’s footsteps. Though both are excited for what is to come in their future careers, and it was somewhat comforting to know their life paths from an early age, John and Greg agree that it did take a bit of mystery and fun out of the discovery.
It wasn’t until late the next morning when a thoroughly sated Sherlock was preparing himself and John tea and some brunch in bed, that he noticed he phone on the coffee table, the light blinking to indicate there was a text waiting.
Fifteen minutes and several ‘just one more for the road’ kisses later, Sherlock was making his way up the path to his residence hall, feeling lighter than he’d ever felt in his life. He had kissed John, and been kissed by John; they had touched and held each other in ways Sherlock had only ever dared dream of. But best of all, he had a date – an honest to god date – with John Watson the next day. If he didn’t know it was impossible, he’d have said he was floating about two inches off the ground, Sherlock was nothing short of elated.
“John, you’re starting to sound like a pamphlet.” Sherlock snickered, lifting an eyebrow.
“I need… ahhh… oh… oh GOD… I need you… Oh John!... John I need you!!” Sherlock cried, his pace speeding up to match John’s.
“Just give me a minute to change, then I can give these back to you.” Came Sherlock’s voice, breaking through John’s thoughts.
“Why teach you how to defend yourself? Because you clearly need it.” John smirked.
“I love you, John Watson.” He whispered into the rise and fall of John’s chest, and let sleep slowly drag him under, secure in the knowledge that he was exactly where he was always meant to be.
“Can it wait? He’s been through so much. Other than to ask about John, he’s barely spoken. Honestly, I don’t think he’ll be ready to think about, or say anything until he sees John.” Mrs. Holmes said, having stepped out in the hall to speak to the DI.
Genius? Sherlock could feel he cheeks flush, and he just prayed it didn’t show too much on his face. John thought he was a genius. Well, obviously Sherlock knew he was a genius, but John said it was something akin to fondness. Just one more way John was different than anyone else, he actually seemed to like that Sherlock’s intelligence outstripped everyone around him.
skin – feel more.”
“Up, come back up.  I need to kiss you.” Sherlock whimpers, tugging John back up to reclaim his mouth. They kiss for what seems like hours, rolling their hips together, cocks sliding together, separated by only a thin layer of cotton and silk. It is like no sensation John has felt before, or at least hasn’t felt in a very long time.
Mike had gone to bed about an hour before – or at least he went to his room – and John had finished writing up his study notes, there were no more excuses, it was time to rip off the Band-Aid.
“I can do that, it’s fine. You go sit down, and then I’ll check your leg. Forgive me if I don’t trust your ‘I’m fine’ assessment.” John didn’t sound annoyed anymore. If anything, he sounded amused. Maybe Sherlock humiliating himself was enough to get him to stay.
“He most likely hit it when he fell. We believe it’s only a mild concussion, but it needed a few stitches. And don’t worry,” Dr. Cook said, anticipating John’s next question, “we are monitoring it too, just to be sure there are no complications.”
