“Only to stop myself from burying my face between your arse-cheeks and licking the spunk out of you.” John’s mouth was so close now to Sherlock’s ear that he could feel the moisture of the words on his skin. “And that was the gayest thought I’d ever had in my life at that point. It scared me.”
Sherlock bit his lip. “Maybe you’re not the only one who hasn’t been entirely good at our sex thing.”
“I can’t help but think that the running commentary isn’t very convincing.” John unzipped his trousers.
Sherlock entered the shop holding John’s hand.  He grinned and giggled at Lesley.  “Hi,” he said. “My name’s Noel and this is my partner, Joseph. We’re engaged!”  He grinned and kissed the tip of John’s nose.  “Love you.” He turned back to Lesley.  “We’ve come to see whether you do man-hats and also to have a look at some hats for our mums. If we don’t buy them, they’ll go into hatmageddon and try to outdo each other.”
Nathan walked in.  “I recorded that, but I’m guessing you know where you went wrong?”
“It’s made from the barrel of a shotgun,” Sherlock said. “It’s stronger than most others.  It seemed apt.”  He watched as John tried the ring on for size.   It looked solid and, somehow, just right.
“Look at you, sitting there being all thin and mysterious,” Lestrade commented to Sherlock as he took a seat next to them.  “You look like the sodding Milk-Tray man.”
“He and Les made a fortune from the hat business. Now he invests in other firms when they need monies. He always makes a profit,” Nathan replied.
Lesley looked confused for a moment and then smiled.  “Well, congratulations, first of all. We do sell hats for gentlemen.  Are you thinking of the traditional top hats or are you thinking more about bowlers or something a little more recherché?
“I’ve never met anyone so confident in their body as you,” John said.
“What do you know of the link between Stephen Daniels and the Marquês?”
“Did you want to fuck me in front of everyone, Sherlock?”  John asked.  “Is that what you wanted?” He rolled his hips and picked up the pace of his thrusts.
“Of course. And there’ll be a machine in Mr Holmes’ room that will help you until he’s ready.”
“So, you two get to take charge of what you do. You need to make the right noises and expose a bit of skin. No one’s expecting you to bum Sherlock senseless in the blackout room.”
“Coming,” John moaned beneath him. Sherlock reached between John’s legs to his perineum, where he rubbed the soft skin and pressed in a little. In response, John’s body clamped around Sherlock in a series of sharp contractions. It was that which spiralled Sherlock into orgasm.
“Are you okay?” John asked.  Sherlock nodded. “Now, I’ve been to the sexual health clinic and been tested. I’m clean and I’m really fucking relieved.”  Sherlock grinned.  “We know you’re clean,” John went on, “thanks to Mycroft’s insistence in testing you constantly. But now’s the time to tell me if you want to use condoms.”
"The odder the better," Sherlock replied.
Sherlock didn’t reply.  He shook his head as if what John had said wasn’t worth his time to respond.
Lestrade’s radio operative was a chap called Bailey.  John had met him before. Bailey looked a bit like a troll from one of Rosie’s books
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was muffled, but Sherlock followed it as far as the bathroom door. Despite their familiarity over the past few days, he paused before walking in on John now they were back at Baker Street.
“We have a case,” Sherlock said. “Three transvestite men have been killed. All of them went to the same bar. I decided to go there this evening.” He unfurled his arms in a manner that highlighted and suggested the logic to his apparel.
“Shut up, the fucking lot of ya,” the reality TV star retorted.  “He’s gorgeous.  Go on love,” he yelled at the man on stage who stood motionless rubbing his head.  “Carry on, you’re doing well.”
“Hello gentlemen,” Charles said. He shook their hands and sat down behind his dark wooden desk.   “I understand that you’ve been around the blackout rooms.”
A word I made up because, in my mind, it encompasses glistening little globs, like blisters.  Shakespeare made up no end of words, so I think it’d be rude not to.
“So you went to a place where you might get killed, without back-up,
“Talk to me, Sherlock,” John whispered.  “You’re freaking me out a little bit.”
Later, after his statement was taken, John went back to Lestrade’s office and found Sherlock and the DI poring over paperwork.
John snorted. “You’ll love me even if I get crumbs on the sheets. You can’t deny it.”
“It’s better than it was,” Sherlock said.  “I’ve been monitoring the appropriate levels of nutrition for Colin’s daughter. I try to make sure that she gets the correct vitamins, minerals, proteins, fats, carbohydrates and that she has the required amounts of fibre to ensure that she doesn’t get constipation, which I understand can be a problem with small children. As a result, we are eating healthier than we did. I have appropriate and regular bowel movements most of the time.”
“I’ll try.” Sherlock took the jar and nodded towards the door. He did it again. And again. “Well go outside then,” he said, finally.
John nodded.  He took a couple of deep breaths and felt the sharp prick of tears behind his eyes.  Sherlock reached over and squeezed his hand.
“Just so long as you don’t torture the bloody thing,” John added. Sherlock paused in the middle of the kitchen.  He pulled out his mobile and read the screen. “What’s the matter?”
The kiss when it came was brutal. Their teeth knocked together and their tongues wrapped around each other.   John’s hands tangled in Sherlock’s hair as he pulled his head down. Sherlock yanked the tied cord around his waist, stripped off his robe, then worked on John’s.  Both gowns gone, he skimmed his hands around John’s waist, unclipped the harness and let it fall. The dildo thumped heavily on the floor, followed shortly by Sherlock’s.
John lay back against Sherlock, both of them stretched out in the bath.  They’d already washed and now lay in the cooling water. Sherlock’s voice rumbled through his chest and vibrated against John’s back.
The dildo pulled out of John a little way and then pushed back in. At the same time, the flesh-light rippled around him, as though his cock was in someone’s mouth and they’d just sucked. It didn’t feel like Sherlock and none of it was as pleasant as human interaction, but it did the job. Hot shame flooded John’s system. This wasn’t what he wanted, but it’s what his body demanded. Sherlock, on the hand, seemed only to enjoy the view.
Lestrade smirked.  He walked to the door and gave a few whispered orders to the officer outside.   “Done.  Now, we can talk about the dead man?”
Mycroft’s face showed annoyance but also understanding.  “We can’t make him comfortable with it overnight, John.”
“You can piss off. SH”
“Is that mushy?  Ridiculous?”
“Let’s keep it professional, boys.” Lestrade crossed his legs, his voice huskier than before.
“Je m’en fous!
“Mycroft Holmes, you need to level with me because I’m tired and I’m fed up and I’m sick of everything to do with this case. Why is there a fucking Europol agent in a cell on my authority without you tipping me off on it?”
“For a bit,” Simon admitted. “Then Jase came.  When I met him, I knew I couldn’t go shaggin’ other blokes. Neither of us could.”
“I’ll have a team of operatives pick him up within the hour and return him to London. Just say the word.”
The visual, of John on his knees before Sherlock and John’s mouth around his penis, was good. It was enough to bring Sherlock’s dick to full hardness. Otherwise, it wasn’t the best. To be the right height, Sherlock had had to drop down the wall, his knees bent. His thighs were already burning and no more than a minute or two had passed.
to make you happy.”
“I’ve got samples of the drugs from Langridge’s last night.” Molly passed Rosie to John.  “They match samples taken from Brandon Cox’s body.  They also match a tox screen from a body that came in two weeks ago. The guy’s name was Zach Thomas. He was found dead in a graveyard in Stoke Newington
The tension is building, though there is a bit of a reprieve in the form of the Met's radio operative.  For those of you who don't know who he is based on, I offer you a link at the end so you can experience the joy this man brings.
“Thank you, Sherlock,” Lestrade’s voice was loud this time. Very loud.
“Nope,” John said. “We’re stuffed until your knot goes down. Can you breathe?”
The door into the driver’s cab opened and a young, golden-skinned woman pulled him in.  “I’m not being funny, but who the hell are you, mister?  I’ve got half the railway and the police telling me to make sure John Watson gets into my cab with his daughter.  Hello, sweetheart.”
Piero shook his head.  “I hear his name and that he give money to Doubles.  My boss, Peter Matthews, is nervous of him.  He said he wanted to not need his money. Ah!  He also said Nathan, my colleague, liked him. I think they are lovers. I do not know if Tyler pays for Nathan’s time or whether he gives himself for free.”
Sherlock grinned.
,” Fabian said. “It is the fear that makes me lose my manners.”
“You’d bloody better,” John demanded. He sighed and closed the box.
“Looks like you want to do dirty things too, Mr Holmes,” John noted.   He rolled his hips upwards and sighed when his cock made contact with Sherlock’s skin.
John’s hand moved over his own cock.  A steady dribble of precome dripped from the head as his body opened.  Sherlock withdrew his fingers until only the tips remained inside, then pushed back in smoothly. He repeated the action, aiming closer and closer to John’s prostate. His slick fingers squelched as they moved in and out of John’s tight hole.
“What do you mean?” Sally stood in front of him, hands on hips.  “You’ve finally got it together with the man who you’ve been in love with for years because of this case.  How can you hate it?”
John looked over his shoulder at Sherlock. “I need to stop this line of thought before you treat me like I’m a sodding water balloon for you to investigate.”
John turned around and crawled over Sherlock’s prone form. “And who do you belong to, Sherlock? Would you wear my scent?”
“You just said that it feels good to have an Alpha’s release inside you.” Sherlock sounded petulant he knew, but why didn’t John
“I’ve told you before, John, we’re not going in disguise,” Sherlock called from his bedroom.  “We’re just not looking like ourselves.”
“Surely the washing up can wait, John,” Sherlock said.  “I think your time would be far better spent with me in the bedroom.”
John grinned, his eyes sparkled. “I looked around while you were asleep. I’ve got a list of things we can try.” Sherlock blushed. His sexual confidence wasn’t genuine, especially free of the rut, but he wanted to be. He removed his sheet and passed it wordlessly to John, who gave him a soft kiss and chuckled as he left the room.
Sherlock tried to make it to the bath in a single step. He didn’t have enough control over his emotions to stop them being fully facially visible, so he decided to face John as little as possible. As it was, Sherlock didn’t know how to feel. He wanted John. He loved John. Oh, he knew that just as he knew that spring followed winter. However, he didn’t know how he and John would do ‘him and John’. He knew he’d avoided this stuff at all costs for years for very good reasons.
“You narrowly missed him talking about the strength of my arse.”
“Why? I mean, it sounds like something you’d do, but why?”
“It’s alright, Rosie, Daddy’s just feeling unwell,” Sherlock said.  “He needs to go to hospital, which is a big place where there are lots of doctors…” The bell downstairs went and Sherlock left the room, Rosie still in his arms.
“I will endeavour to put together some sort of plan,” Mycroft replied.
“We can go now,” John replied. “We’ve got food and drinks at home.”
“Pilot says we’ll be with you in eight minutes.  Please, John, hold tight until then.”
John stroked Sherlock’s face. “I will always take you to bed, Sherlock Holmes.”  He got to his feet with a moan and climbed out of the bath.  He waited for Sherlock to stand and then offered him a towel.  They stood next to each other at the sink and brushed their teeth.  John flicked minty foam and then water at Sherlock. In return, Sherlock buzzed John’s nipple with his electric toothbrush, threw the hand towel over his head and then walked quickly to the bedroom.
“Always,” Sherlock replied.  “Not right this moment, but I still like your knob very much.”
“Come on, Sherlock,” John told him. “Do it. Fuck me, just like you said. Have I told you hot it is that you just swore?” John lifted his legs up and around Sherlock’s body, crossing his ankles at the back “Don’t think I’ve heard you swear before. I almost came again when you said fuck.”
“You’ve already told me that John might get more information out of these people than your men. Why would I want to talk to suspects without him?”
“Charles’ father, Henry, had a gentleman’s club on the site. Grandfather too. It was one of the greats, along with Diogenes.  Henry didn’t approve of Charles’ sexuality. Not one bit. Made him marry a woman, some heiress or other, who bore him a child and then promptly died.  He claimed he was too heartbroken to marry again, sent the son to Harrow and carried on shagging his butler.  When the old man died, Charles took over and immediately turned the place into the sort of club where men like him could always be safe to be the way they wanted. To be who they really were, you know.  He’s been in charge since the 1960’s.  It was a riskier place to run then than it is now.”
“Will it help Mark and Les?” Nathan bit his lip.  Sherlock nodded.  “Fine.”  He sighed. “When I was at work last week I went to see Peter.  I was outside the VIP waiting room door, staff side, when I heard Mark’s voice. I snuck in and hid behind the bar. I shouldn’t’ve but I was scared cos Peter sounded really angry.  He told Mark that he knew about aggro and about Europe, or maybe Euro-summin’? He said if Mark didn’t protect him, he’d kill Les, then he would kill me and then, when Mark was out of his head with grief, he’d kill him too.”
“Je suis désolé
“Bedroom?” he suggested.
“Do you?” Sherlock replied. “Towards me?”
“Fibre,” Nathan began. “That’s my first tip. What’s your diet like, Aaron?”
“Do I ever.”
“Hey,” John said.  He didn’t touch Sherlock, he just started to talk with an even, kind voice. “Hey, love.  You’re having a nightmare.  You need to wake up now, honey.”  Sherlock turned in John’s direction. His eyes fluttered beneath the lids.  John continued to talk.  “Come on, come back to me.  You’re fine, you’re in bed at Baker Street.  You’re in bed with me and I love you, so much.”
“If you and I are in a relationship, Sherlock, then I would expect you to have a little more consideration for me than perhaps you presently do. However, I’m a realist and I know that might not be the case and, as a result, I expect I might want to throttle you rather than fuck you every now and then.”
“I remember.”
John woke up achy and still tired.   He picked up his phone from his bedside table, disconnected the charger and checked the time.  Nine-fifteen.  Rosie should’ve woken him up before now.  Even when she was with Mrs Hudson, she woke up early.  John got up, needed an urgent wee, went to the bathroom and then looked for his daughter.  He found her in the living room with Sherlock, who was reading the paper.
Sherlock looked at John and raised his eyebrows.
Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out a dildo in a harness, then handed it to Mycroft.  John repeated the motion.   Mycroft looked at the sex toys and then at Sherlock and John.   They smiled.
“That’s amazing,” John said.
“What are you doing to me?” John’s arse clenched around Sherlock’s fingers and there, there, was the rush he’d only previously experienced in heat. “I want to feel you,” John said. “You need to be inside me.”
“I’m, I’m,” John’s voice trailed off and his body clamped around Sherlock’s cock. Semen pattered over the kitchen floor and, for a while, John’s arms held. Eventually, as his orgasm continued to wrack his compact frame, John slumped and, in doing so, dragged Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock’s arousal peaked when his cock was pulled deeper and the reflexive contractions triggered by John’s release drew his own climax from him. It felt as though he would come forever, the raw mixture of pleasure and pride roaring in his ears. With the little energy and focus he had left, Sherlock rolled he and John onto their sides, so they could lay in relative comfort while they were clinched together.
Nathan sat down on the floor at their feet.  “Just relax,” he said.  “I’ve seen every single embarrassing thing that can happen in the bedroom. I’ve done most of ‘em.  It’s my job and it’s life, baby. So, this here is a circle of trust, you know that expression?”  Sherlock felt his face set like stone.  Nathan noticed and smiled. “I know it’s a cliché, but like Dr Watson, here, I maintain the privacy of my clients.  My oath isn’t formal, but it means as much to me as the Hippocratic oath means to John.”
“And I, you.”  John pushed up Sherlock’s t-shirt to expose his stomach and pressed his face against the revealed skin.   “You smell amazing,” he whispered. He dipped his tongue into Sherlock’s navel and
John smiled. “Sherlock’s brother runs the country, Piero. I think he can figure out how to keep you safe.”
“I really, really want to see that,” Sherlock said at last.
“Oh!” With little warning, John’s eyes opened wide and he came in ragged spurts over Sherlock’s chest. His body crumpled into a graceless heap on top of Sherlock and he rolled them both onto their sides.
“I know I recognise you both.  Who are you?”  The fear in Shaw’s expression was unmistakeable.
Mary was a Beta. She was different; she was fertile, and she acted more like an Alpha than most Betas ever dared. She’d tempted John in a way he thought he’d never be tempted again. When Sherlock returned, in a fit of pissed off fury, John had stopped his suppressants and started on ‘Alpha’ hormones until Mary fell for Rosie. Afterwards, as his and Mary’s relationship had yawned apart, John quietly started the suppressants again. Mary hadn’t noticed. No one noticed. Not even that one.
Sherlock nodded and hung up.   He picked up his computer and went to John’s blog.  ‘Sherlock Holmes loves me…’ the post began. He read until the end. Then he read the comments.  Some people were delighted, others shocked.  Sherlock was certain that was bad news from his point of view.  He took out his mobile and texted John, then he made himself coffee and had a shower.  When he re-emerged, Mycroft was sitting in John’s chair reading the letter.
Sherlock sat up. He grabbed John’s phone and his own from where they’d been charging. He fiddled with John’s phone and then handed it to him.
“As we’ll ever be,” John replied.
John smiled. “I like anal penetration. I really do,” John admitted. “I go to the loo, have a good wash and that’s the lot."
“You sexy bastard,” he heard John whisper as his heart rate slowly returned to normal.  John had moved and lay on his side facing Sherlock.  His head was rested on his hand and he looked ruffled and gorgeous.  “You look like an angel and fuck like the devil. I bet I’ve got spunk in my fucking windpipe, you were so far inside me, you mucky git.”
Sherlock’s warm, dry hands wrapped around John’s cock and the friction should have been wrong.  As it was, after a few quick, sharp strokes John came. He screamed into Sherlock’s mouth and wrapped his arms and legs around him. He knew his fingernails were digging into Sherlock’s shoulders, but he seemed to be stretched so taut, pulled apart by pleasure, all he could do was hold on tight.
that night, Sherlock. I meant no harm.”
“Wait.”
“What? Whatever it is, we’ll talk about this later.” John looked over his shoulder. “But, for now, just fucking fuck me.”
“John?”
John groaned. Fabian’s hand was wrapped around the base of John’s cock, his fingers twisted and pulled with just enough pressure.   He was so very good at this.  John tried to blank out his mind and let himself go. It was rough, at times, dealing with the inevitable guilt of leaving his daughter with Mrs Hudson so John could have his brain sucked out through his cock by a man who looked like his best friend.  But what price for sanity?
. Don’t put sultanas in it. Ever. Oh, and Walkers are doing a limited-edition/promotional coronation chicken packet of crisps (potato chips) this year. They are like heaven in a packet.
“Do you remember when we met Lesley Shaw that I checked her mobile phone?” Sherlock sipped his tea.   He wore a white shirt and John could see the swell of hiss pectoral muscles and his nipples through the thin fabric.   “I downloaded two items. One was an email from a financial processing company called Paschal Baylon
“Look, let’s just have a sandwich, have a drink and go.” John selected a bottle of apple juice. “This place is weird.”
“Sherlock, wait, you need to know…”
Sherlock propped himself up a little. The kitchen floor before them was puddled with arcs of John’s come, and Sherlock’s inner-Alpha preened with the visible evidence of his virile deeds.
“And when was the last time you ate?”
“Cramps?”
The covers on Sherlock’s bed were still ruffled from earlier.  John pushed them down.
“Lestrade!”  Sherlock yelled.  “Some help would be useful.”
“Do I?” John asked. He attacked an onion with his sharpest knife.  “I don’t like the idea of anyone but me seeing you naked or watching us.  You’re mine, Sherlock, aren’t you?”
John awoke at four in the morning. Sherlock was fast asleep and, since he slept irregularly anyway, John tried not to disturb him. Instead, he climbed out of bed, tiptoed to the kitchen and got himself a drink of water from the tap.
“I think that’s fine,” John said quickly.  “We’ll save that as the big guns should we need it.  What are we going to do about the money?” John had let him off the hook, but the notion of Mycroft giving Sherlock advice on love seemed to be possibly the worst idea in the history of all ideas.
Sherlock stood, bemused. He turned to John, who laughed.  “I think you’ve been supplanted in Molly’s affections, Sherlock.  It’s all over.”
“I’ve eaten a lot of things out of a cup. And a mess tin. Shoe horns make decent spoons in a pinch.” John took a sip of tea. “And I’ve eaten in the bath and in the shower. Trickier in the shower. You have to hold your toast at arm’s length.”
Fabian, that cock-blocking
“I thought it might,” Sherlock replied.
“Don’t talk shit, Sherlock.” Lestrade left the room.
Sherlock rolled off of John and onto his side. “Condoms?”
John stayed on the line. He didn’t know why.  Rosie started to sob.  “It’s okay, Rose,” he whispered. “Daddy’s okay, I just need some medicine.”
This is quite an emotional little chapter.  I hope the nuances of those various emotions come across to you brave souls who are still reading!  The next chapter is quite description-dense, at least to begin with, because I'm 'showing' you the blackout room and its associated areas. If I get a chance, I might try and draw the layout so there's something visual if I don't entirely manage it.
“Did she tell you about me?”  John asked.  It still hurt him that Mary had so many secrets.
“Do me?” Sherlock asked, his mouth quirked back into a smile. He reached for the lube and squirted a good amount into his palm. “Eloquent as ever.”
“Well, no.” Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t urinate on the street, John.”
“Was me just turning up like this a bad idea?” John asked. He turned Sherlock a little so he could look at a graze on the inside of Sherlock’s knee. “This feels a bit awkward.”
“And what do you do with the recordings?” Lestrade asked.
Lesley tugged at her pearls. Sherlock knew they were fake. It was all fake. She didn’t have the posh accent she put on. She played a part because a rich man in another country blackmailed her.  She’d taken a wrong path and that led her to this point.
“You know that you’re in increasing danger of spending the rest of your life with me,” Sherlock said.  “Especially if you make me come like that.  Cocaine is rubbish next to that sort of high.”
“Those veins feel horrible.”
“Strip,” John demanded when the kiss ended and immediately worked on his own clothes. John almost ripped the buttons off his shirt as he tugged it open and off. He looked at Sherlock, who pulled off one sock with panther-like grace. The second came off with all the grace of a one-legged rhino.  Sherlock stumbled and fell on his backside with a hard thud. In response, John did what any self-respecting British man would do and laughed.
“And when was the last incident?” Sherlock asked.  “Are they regular occurrences?”
Sherlock had been home a little over four months. The wedding arrangements had begun. Things weren’t back to normal, but they were headed that way. Sherlock liked Mary. Mary liked Sherlock. And Sherlock was in the process of settling. He never expected to be with John, not in the way John and Mary were, but he had hoped he and John would remain together without a third wheel. That said, if there was a third wheel to be had, Sherlock was pleased it was Mary. All the same, he resented John not living at Baker Street.
“Of course, one moment.”  Mycroft pressed the intercom to speak to his driver.  “Harris, we need to stop at Dr Watson’s child minder’s house. Oh, and we’ll need the baby seat from the boot.”
“Lestrade’s officially asked for my help.” Sherlock’s expression was uncertain.  “I’ll say no if that’s what you want me to do.”
Essentially, the sequence is infinite, as is it's pattern in nature.  And, well, it seemed right to link it somewhere into the oldest profession in the world.  Or maybe that just means my mind makes everything naughty. *shrugs*
“I’ve brought toppers, trilby’s and bowlers for now. We’ll worry about your mothers’ hats later, shall we?”
The porter and nurse who’d accompanied John both turned to look at Sherlock.  He blinked a few times and felt himself blush.  “Jiggy?”  He said it, but no sound came out. He tried again. “Jiggy?”
“Protection from what?” Tears ran in thick lines down Nathan’s face.   John felt guilty that he and Sherlock had carefully not pointed out that Tyler and Shaw were not at liberty, even if they hadn’t been arrested in the fullest sense.  “Neither of them would hurt anyone. I know it.”
“Which is why you’re typical of the people the Marquês involves in his operation. I can help you but only if you help me.”
“He met Candlar,” Sherlock prompted.
“How about a little above the waist touching?” Nathan asked.  “Work your way down the body; it’s easy to remember and you’re not going to reveal anything sensitive.”
“Right, now who has a stinky nappy?”  John asked Rosie.   “I think you do.” He tapped his daughter’s nose with his finger.  “If you’re very lucky, I’ll ask Sherlock if he’ll help you with potty training. I’m sure he’s got a spreadsheet already.”  John continued to chatter as he grabbed her changing mat. He heard Sherlock leave the flat.  “What are we going to do about Daddy Sherlock, hmm?” he asked Rosie.  “I hope Uncle Mycroft has a few ideas.”
“And I you,” Sherlock agreed.  “Would you like me to wash your back?”
John pulled Sherlock aside. “Are you talking about Wiggins?  You can’t leave Molly with him. Come on!”
“That’s filthy. Perfect.”
“I’m coming with you, Sherlock. Fabian, stay here.”  John pulled his hand away from Fabian, straightened his collar and followed Sherlock and Donovan through the lobby and out to a doorway on the left.  They found themselves in a large room.  Sherlock guessed that it may have been a lounge in the days when Langridge’s was a more conventional gentleman’s club. Prior to that, it had probably been a ballroom.  Langridge had split the large space into three distinct areas.  They walked through the first part, where curved couches had been arranged around tables to form private booths.   It reminded Sherlock of a bar or even a restaurant with cool, blue lighting.
Sherlock continued to move against him and their skin grew hot and sweaty.  The fuzz around John’s nipples and his belly rubbed against Sherlock’s skin and, somehow, it felt more illicit, closer and deeper than penetration had.  John kissed him as if this would be the last time and that he couldn’t get enough of Sherlock.
“Tea?” John asked when he returned.
And some images of the Fibonacci sequence/fractals in nature and art:
John agreed. With subdued farewells, he and Sherlock headed back to Baker Street.  Indeed, they were back in the flat when John finally gathered the courage to ask about the plan.
“No, no, no.” As the words had left John’s mouth, Mary had dropped the fake cock. She’d misunderstood his cries.
“You think?” John had lowered his body into the forbidding water and curled in on himself.
Sherlock undid his trousers and let them fall. His cock was already half erect at John’s suggestion.  “Okay.” He eased off his socks, pants and trousers and walked towards the bed.  “I’ve wanted to hear you tell me you want me for so long.”
“You think you can work it out?”
Thankfully, the nurse returned with a tray filled with sandwiches, drinks, crisps and chocolate. Clearly, the Health Centre didn’t want John to pass out either. John munched a ham sandwich and tentatively, casually, approached the special chair. The thud of the room doors halted him. Sherlock was wheeled in on a wide bed and, without a steady thought, John headed towards him.
The pole dancer climbed the pole again and leant so far back his head hit the bar behind him.  Jolted, he fell off the pole and cracked his head on the stage.  He attempted to make rubbing his sore crown part of the routine.   Sherlock’s resultant coughing fit sounded remarkably like laughter.
“John, I’m not that big,” Sherlock said, his voice hesitant. “I know some Alphas…”
The butt plug was huge. Well, Sherlock thought so when he grabbed it from where it was laid on the bedside table. It was heavy glass, curiously weighted heavier at the narrowed tip than the thick base.
Sherlock made a soft sound of agreement and washed John’s armpits, which made him laugh and that made Sherlock join in.  John took the soap and washed his own crotch.
Sherlock pressed the thing into John’s hand and calmly dialled 999. John had given Rosie her first antibiotic. Sherlock was glad he was a paranoid step-parent and got a prescription for EpiPens on the quiet. Three months ago. Okay, he was a very paranoid step-parent.
“Roll him over,” Sherlock barked.  Reid rolled, grabbed Murphy’s arms and waited.  Sherlock pulled Murphy towards him and slammed him over the side rail.  He heard Lestrade clatter downstairs towards them.
“Please do,” Sherlock replied. He leant forward in his chair.  He was sure he knew already, but it would only help Piero if he gave up the information willingly.
“Harsh,” Piero said.  “I just walk out for just a few hours. To pretend you are dead and sulk for two years?  That is next level.”
“I’m so sorry, Piero,” John said. “It must have been awful for you.”
With a quick glance at the retreating form of Daniels, John grabbed the handle of Rosie’s chair and ran in the direction of the train driver’s cab.  His mobile rang. Sherlock. He answered on the hoof.
“I want to feel you come inside me. Hurry.” Sherlock put a hand against John’s cheek. “Have we ever discussed the effective systemic absorbency of rectal tiss..?”
John smiled.
“About a year,” John replied. “Since you and I last ended up in your bedroom. I decided then, see. I decided that since I’ve had the best sex I’ve ever had with you then I might as well try and give you the best sex you’ve ever had too. And, well, no one wants someone who almost vomits on their penis, do they?”
“Enough.” Lestrade coughed to cover his laugh.  “Next.”
“You just manage a day at a time.” John watched his own thumb as he ran it down the seam of his jeans.  “Concentrate on something you’ll stay alive for and you cling to it. I had Rosie, but you find something, whether it’s Charles or your mum or just because you know it’s what Jase would have wanted, and you’ll repeat it over and over until doing anything else makes you feel physically ill.”
“Could be proceeds of crime,” he said.  “It goes back in the box for now.  Agreed?”
John heard Sherlock’s voice pull away from the phone to instruct Mycroft to tell the train driver to give John access to the cab.  “Good, are you and Rosie okay?”
“I can’t believe it,” the Technician yelled. “Fastest journey ever.”
“And you didn’t tell me because?”  Sherlock turned towards John. He was on shaky ground. After all, he’d put them into the position where they’d have to sham and hadn’t consulted John before he’d suggested it.
“I’ve just given you the file.  It’s my understanding that you are capable of reading.”
“That is the best offer I ever get, I think,” Piero said.  “I will say yes to your help and I give you what help I can.”
John gathered some of the saliva on his hand and rubbed Sherlock’s perineum in time with his ministrations on his cock.  Sherlock’s hips bobbed in time.  John sucked harder and then withdrew.   He repeated it until Sherlock muttered formless words and grabbed John’s hair tight.
“So how much do you earn from of each of your boys, Mr Langridge?”
When John and Sherlock arrived at Mycroft’s office, they were told Fabian had rescinded his offer to talk to John.  They stood in a room and looked at Bouchard through a two-way mirror. He sat in a grey room on an uncomfortable chair, looking nervous and tired.  Mycroft’s team negotiated with Fabian and his lawyers.  He agreed to talk, but it took what seemed like hours for him to accept that if he spoke to John, Sherlock would be present.  When they finally walked into the room, it took Fabian less than a minute to realise why.
When Sherlock entered 221B Baker Street that evening, music was playing.  He turned to John who’d walked upstairs behind him and quietly shut the door.
“Hell yes,” Lestrade replied.  “As far as everyone else is concerned, we think we’re going in to stop a murder. Agreed?”
“I can hear two helicopters,” Sharan said.  John frowned at her. “I grew up near RAF Benson. I know what helicopters sound like.”
John sat up and wrapped his legs around Sherlock and reached up for a messy, sloppy kiss.
“I don’t want to hurt you and make you think of the monster cock.”
“Want to help?”  John asked. He rocked back against his fingers.  “I love this, you know,” he said.  “And you’ve got the most lovely, long fingers.”
“Fuck me, do it.” Fabian pushed back against Tyler’s cock.   John’s gaze flicked to the sofas.  Langridge’s staff were earning their money; Sonny had a dick in each hand and Jamie dropped to the floor and began to crawl towards the pit.
Lestrade blushed a little and shook his head.  “I’m pleased you’ve sorted yourselves out.
“Fuck, yes,” John agreed. He must have coated his fingers with his slick on the way because when they were pressed against Sherlock’s arse, they were cool and wet. “How’s that?” John asked when one finger breached Sherlock’s hole.
Sherlock had delivered the evidence he found to Mycroft but, on a hunch, he also discovered that the directors of the firm were involved in others, either directly or through spouses.  The directors covered their tracks with various company names and even simple misspellings that made the trail harder to follow.  Once the list of firms was complete, Sherlock hoped to deduce which of them were involved in the money laundering operation.  It was dull and laborious work.  Sherlock excelled at it, even if he found it tedious. Mycroft also paid well.
When it breached Sherlock’s body, John’s cock felt warm and soft but-not-soft. It felt wonderful and awful. It made Sherlock’s stomach clench and his cock throb. Sherlock withdrew one hand from the wall to wrap around his cock. He was tugging himself with rapid strokes before John was fully seated in his arse. But the exquisite sensation of John’s penis against his prostate made his body undulate involuntarily.
Sherlock sat up a little, lifting John’s hips with him and, started to thrust properly. He started slow, but the rhythm built as he watched John’s expression change from a man in control to a man consumed by what Sherlock was doing. John’s hand on his cock got faster as the tempo built, and sweat started to make John’s skin glow.
“My room. That way I can hear Rosie if she needs me.”
“Always,” Sherlock replied. “I’d wear your release and your slick as aftershave if it made you happy.”
Sherlock’s cock hardened.  He sought control by concentrating on the men around the sex swing.  Murphy finger-fucked the stranger while he buggered Reid with shallow strokes.  Sherlock circled his finger inside John.  His actions were covered by John’s dressing gown, but he knew that John was enjoying what Sherlock was doing.
“You’ve got some top spec equipment for me, I hear?”  Bailey asked.
“If anyone had told me you’d let me do it, I’d have suggested the same.” Sherlock leant forward and buried his face in John’s armpit.
Sherlock took a deep breath. There was no doubt he liked to be in charge. He was new to sex and control gave him confidence. He was less assured when John took the lead. Sherlock took another deep breath; still worried he’d come too soon.
“I know, I know,” Mark said.  “She sent dozens of the fuckers.  What the hell was that about?”  John shrugged, but took the disc.  “Oh, and there’s this.”  Mark handed over the thick wodge of cash that Sherlock and John had seen in Tyler’s safe deposit box.   John took the money and stared at it.  “It was Rosamund’s cash. I looked after it for her.  It’s yours now. Yours and your daughter’s.  Rosa never wanted there to be a will for this lot; she never wanted anyone asking questions about how she earned it.”
“You still love me?” Sherlock’s dick stopped softening and gave a pleasurable twitch. “Even when we’re not mid-coitus?”
“Not so much, Monsieur Holmes.  Tonight, I had more than words in my mouth.”
“Can’t we just phone Lestrade?” John asked Sherlock.
Because of the chair, Grammarly hates me. I do love, however, that it told me to hyphenate hard-on. Lovely.
“As soon as my knot’s gone down, you turn onto your belly and I’ll push it in.” Sherlock shifted his legs, so John could roll easier.
Sherlock nodded.  “Thank you.  Just one more question.  Can you think of any reason why Brandon or Jason may have been murdered?”
Thank you also to Pantera72 for checking my French.  I do love to swear in a variety of languages.
“Would you, please, define intimacy?” John asked. He smirked.
Sherlock leant back in his chair and looked down. John’s lips quirked into a smile and it was impossible not to return it. “Sorry, John, you surprised me,” Sherlock said. “You don’t normally ask me for intimacy.”
“Practice?” Sherlock croaked out.
John opened his eyes blearily. Sherlock arched his back a little; an unspoken invitation. “What are we doing?” John asked. Sherlock watched John’s reflection shake his head as if it were made of stone.
“You’re going to have a bruise.”
“Oh please,” Sherlock replied.  “I’m not a teenage girl. And who said I was a virgin?”
John grinned.  Some women would be horrified that their so-called straight husband was going to get together with his male best-mate after their death.  Not Mary.
“Jason was giving a gentleman oral sex, Mr Holmes.  I’d been told that you weren’t entirely comfortable with sex.”
John laughed.  “Sorry, I’m not down with the lingo.”
“Interviewing with me, then?”
The Paramedic nodded. “Closest A&E.”
I've blind-sided a lot of you with the murderer here.  But, there were clues, deflections and downright lies.  So, you could be forgiven for thinking, hey, she's told us the murderer and we're on chapter nine of twenty-two.  What the actual?  But a subplot has been charging up the blind-side, ball in hand, ready to be tackled.  Mwahahaha - mwahahahahahaha - mwahahahahahahahahaha!  *Chokes, coughs, falls over.*
“What do you need?” Fabian asked. He puffed out his chest. “Tell me and I will decide.”
“No, John, it was amazing. But I’d like you to have penetrative sex with me now. As in, I’d like you to put your penis in me.”
“I think Piero is honest too.”
Sherlock paused. Sometimes deduction was a bitch. “How many men from Grindr do you know?"
“We’ve got secret weapons,” John said.  He lifted the bottom hem of his dressing gown and gave Lestrade a flash of his dildo.
“Rosie, not in your ear, sweetheart.”
“Somewhere in Belgium and Portugal, I think,” Nathan replied.  “Les never goes with him.  Me either, come to think of it. It used to annoy me. I wouldn’t mind a little holiday to Portugal.  I’m not so bothered about visiting Belgium. Unless there’s chocolate.”
“My what?” Sherlock lifted his head.
The shagging suite, aka the main blackout room, was as stripped back as normal.  The house lights were on and it was clear that this room was designed not to be seen.  The couch was worn fake-leather and the tarpaulin of the sex swing was stained.  The scuffed floorboards were painted black but, in places, the greying wood was visible beneath.  If Langridge’s scrimped on anything, it was this room.
“Sherlock, Mrs Hudson isn’t here.  She doesn’t save cake for me. She knows I love her cream horns.  Oh, grow up, John! You are
The other door led to a narrower corridor and a row of cubicles. Inside the cubicles were long benches, so men could lie on them and poke their backsides into the cottage corridor.
Sherlock rolled over and captured John beneath him.   He crushed their lips together and rolled his hips to get the friction he so desperately wanted.   Sherlock moaned into John’s mouth and threaded his hand between their bodies to try to bring their cocks into alignment.
“Not even close,” Sherlock replied. “As for Langridge’s, are important people missing their bi-weekly whipping sessions?” The penny dropped.  “Not that I was making a judgement, John.”
“Would you like to pretend to be Mycroft or shall I?”
John received a text. Mycroft informed him bluntly that everything was in hand. It was nice to know that he was comfortable enough to be rude. Mycroft being nice meant that you were in serious danger.
John paused. Fabian could be John’s secret. Sherlock offered him privacy, a little bit of his life that he was blissfully unaware of.  Except Sherlock was involved. Even before Fabian had arrived a few months earlier, John had come to Langridge’s to pretend the man he was fucking was Sherlock Holmes.  Fabian just made it easier.  Besides, how could he take Sherlock’s help away from Simon, the man who’d lost his lover this evening?
“Kevin Candlar.  They met at university. They were once lovers both of each other and of drugs.  We know that their sexual relationship was kept quiet and that they don’t speak of it publicly to maintain Daniels’ secrecy over his sexual predilections.   We also know that Candlar was present during an episode in which Daniels overdosed after speedballing.  I know because my office kept the press unaware of the story.”
Sherlock spread the photographs out and sighed.  Sometimes it was annoying to be right all the time.  The images showed Mark Tyler with Mary. Lesley was in some of the photographs. It was clear that, during her pregnancy, she visited Tyler and his wife.
Sherlock searched his brain high and low for a question that wasn’t related to how filthy John Watson was in bed, how horny he really got, and how many times he liked to be penetrated. “What about after?”
“I thought you were worried about him because you’ve had intimate relations, John.  You never fail to surprise me.”
Once home, John checked his daughter over.  She was fine but exhausted by her ordeal.  Sherlock took them both to Angelo’s for dinner. Angelo was always delighted to see Rosie and he made her special meals he once made for his own daughters.  By the time they got back to the flat, Rosie was yawning, covered in tomato sauce and ready for her bath and bed.
“Is that good?” Sherlock asked. Many Alphas did tend to be more aggressive, arrogant, and dominant than the general population. While Sherlock could be all of those things, it wasn’t done with sexual predatory machismo.
Sherlock stopped a few metres away. John saw him thrum with indecision.  For a moment, confusion.  Then, he realised that Sherlock had no idea how to define the relationship between them.  John resolved it by taking several big steps forward. He plopped Rosie’s seat down at Sherlock’s feet.
Whether it was the circumstance or the timing, Jason’s death made John wonder how he’d cope with Sherlock’s death again.  It hurt. Yes, Mycroft’s jibes about using sex workers hurt. John knew Mycroft might, at some point, use it against him. Oddly, he knew he’d handle Mycroft when it came.  He’d taken, and would take, responsibility for his actions. However, in that moment, when Jason’s body lay on the marble floor, John had seen Sherlock’s body all over again and it had shaken him.
John looked at his phone, then at Sherlock, and giggled. “Oh God, I thought you were going to give me a bloody blow-job or something. You’re a bad man.”
“A stalwart of spunk retention. Lovely.”
“Oh yes.” John trembled with unshed desire.
John found the man in the dim light. He still had a dick in each hand, but one of the men he caressed no longer noticed. He scratched at his neck, ripped at his shorts and gasped in distress.   Sex show forgotten, John made his way over to him.   Sonny finally noticed one of his punters was pained and he concentrated on the other man.
“Not today.”  John put his arms around Sherlock and lifted his head until their lips touched.
“Well, you’ve already told me that you don’t always like anal,” John said quietly.  “Why don’t we just use that as a reason?”
“So, what do you need?” Sherlock replied.
“Bouchard and Cox.” Sherlock replied.
He turned, put his hands on his hips, shook his head and closed his eyes.
“I want to kiss you,” Sherlock said.
“Hello?” John’s voice sounded weak and raspy.
“I’ve studied it. I also look after her when you’re at work. If we’re here together then you’re normally pottering around or whatever, so I just make sure she keeps to her routine. If we’re out, then Mrs Hudson makes sure she does.”
“Show my brother in when he arrives, will you, Marion?  Oh, and would you organise some tea and cake to be brought in?”  Mycroft closed his eyes for a moment. He didn’t listen to Marion’s murmur of what would certainly be acquiescence. Instead, he focused on his breathing and the prospect of cake.
Lesley Shaw was a middle-aged woman with mousey-blonde hair. She wore a twin-set, pearls and a tweed skirt. She had on teal kitten-heeled shoes over American Tan tights.
“I wanted to wash my hair but, well.” Sherlock attempted to reach for the shampoo and winced. His muscles visibly contracted, and his arms fell with a splash and flutter of bubbles. “Do you see?”
Much to Sherlock’s horror, he started to swoon. He’d had a bloody nose more than once but never before had it made his vision swim in such an alarming way. Sherlock noticed his hands shake and tried and failed to speak. He waved a single arm in the air like a conductor guiding his own collapse. And then, Sherlock fainted.
“I just feel guilty, Sherlock. She hasn’t got a mum and she needs me. I go to work, I help you and you’ve already told me that I ignore her when I’m here. Now you and I are together.  I can’t fit it all in.”
“Aaron Sommers?”  A man put his head around the door.  John was hypnotised by Anthrax.  “Aaron Sommers!”
“Jean, I have missed you.” Fabian draped himself over John and sighed.  “I fear for my life every day.  Sherlock Holmes cannot be so much of a genie if the murderer is still out there.”
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock said.  “If I’d have known, I would have insisted that we had the safe deposit key earlier.”
John grinned and, damn him, that made Sherlock laugh. While he was relaxed, he felt a slight stretch. He looked at John.
“Except you can, John,” Sherlock replied. “I won’t take up anymore time of yours than I currently do. The only difference is that we sleep together. And what does it matter if I know her routine? She has you and me and Mrs Hudson and Molly and even Lestrade and Mycroft make allowances for her.  My parents have offered to look after her if we need them to next time they’re in town.”
“We can’t tell you, Nathan,” John said. He sat Nathan and his captor down on the sofa and squeezed his arm.  “It’s the nature of what we do.”
“With the money-laundering case or with Langridge’s?”
“Me too.”
“I’m not as sure,” John replied.  “And you’ve put me in charge and I’ve decided we need help.  You’re not the only one who does research, Sherlock.”
“John?”  Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered open.
“Gah, you’re good. Can’t wait ‘til I’m in heat and you knot me and fill me.” John stroked Sherlock’s face with a shaky hand.
“I almost killed my brother. Myself. You.” Sherlock said in broken gasps. “I never learn.”
“Where are we headed?” John asked. “Bathroom?”
“What’s happened?” Sherlock lifted his cheek from the rug and blinked a few times to focus his eyes.
Fabian closed his mouth so tightly his lips went white. He shook his head.  “I’m so sorry for this.  I did not want to hurt anyone.”
“I’ve thought about that,” Sherlock replied.  “I’ve nothing conclusive, but if someone wanted to throw the scent off Daniels, Tyler is an alternative, as is Bouchard. If this could all be written off as gay men getting high and shagging each other, it could be assumed the police wouldn’t look any further.  I suspect that Tyler is involved in some sort of money laundering operation that may well link to Daniels and his drug operation. Candlar is the most likely suspect as someone who may have tried to kill Tyler off as a potential source.”
“Good evening, Dr Watson,” Sherlock replied. “I wondered if you might like to give me a physical this evening?”
“Have you taken extra drama queen tablets this morning, Mycroft?  Please, just go.”
Now, did you guess who Tyler was correctly?  And what about that wodge of moolah? Oh, and I couldn't resist subtly (Maybe) taking the piss out of the disc thing. Oh, the fucking discs... *rolls eyes*. Read the chapter and we'll chat at the end...
“Come on, baby, fill me, honey.”
“They’re on the way,” came the steady, deep tones of Charles Langridge.   “If anyone doesn’t want to be here, I suggest you leave, now.”
“Go dress your small child, John.”
“Fuck,” John whispered.
“Threats of violence too.” Sherlock slipped two fingers back inside John. “I am a lucky man.”
“Me too.”
“And I do,” Sherlock said, hurt. “I will always. I just wondered, that was all.”
Sherlock had never considered himself to be even remotely body conscious.  However, his brain softened at the edges. It wasn’t his body but John’s that he worried about. He’d been entirely unprepared for the possessiveness he felt.
The female paramedic in the back with them said.
“Do it.” Sherlock clutched the bedsheets.
“If you can tell me what brought you here, we can go from there,” Piero said.  He was a short, muscular, Italian man with kind eyes and a massive penis.  His pants were very tight. It really was difficult not to look. “And remember, every sentence comes with a caress.  Aaron, you begin.”
“Oh yeah.” John clutched at the sheets. Each achingly slow stroke nudged his prostate and set his nerve endings alight. All of Sherlock’s protection hormones were firing, telling John he was loved, present, and that he’d keep them joined, body and soul.
Sherlock grinned.  “I knew there was a diva inside there somewhere. I prefer you like this. Yes, I will throw this shit at you because I need to know if your life is in danger.”
“Can you feel that?  It’s doing it itself,” John said dreamily.  “I’ve never felt anything like it before.”
“Those last orgasms were a touch painful,” Sherlock agreed. “We need to calm down.”
John laughed. “It doesn’t have to be rubbish.” He curled his hand around Sherlock’s cock lightly and gave it a gentle tug.   “If you’ve researched, then you have an idea of what you want.” He leaned close to Sherlock’s ear and lowered his voice. “Tell me.”
“I don’t wear clothes like this, Sherlock,” John said.  He stood in the living room and ruffled his hair.  “I wore combat trousers in combat, not for poncing around in Soho.”
“Touch my balls,” Sherlock demanded.  His eyes slipped shut and his hands fluttered in the air.  He seemed utterly overcome.  John took one of Sherlock’s bollocks into his mouth until the undulations of Sherlock’s writhing body became too much.  John turned the prostate massager up to the second level.
“I never said you were but being in love with someone of your own gender changes everything. That’s especially true when you’ve been in love with them for fucking years and never accepted it.”
Sherlock was already at saturation point. This was the most he’d ever spoken about sex in one sitting ever. Not only that, but the conversation included discussion of his own sex life, unexpected though it was, and not some else’s. It was all a little too much at this point. Nathan seemed to sense it.
, John loved. John and the stranger went through three heats together before he’d dusted off the remainder of his life and started his suppressants again.
.  He adores you, Johnny. The only reason you think he’s doing well is because he’s trying hard to make it easy for you.  He wants to make it simple for you to love him.”
“You remember you told me I was your wank material?” John asked. Sherlock nodded. “Want to show me?”
“I can’t believe I’m getting relationship advice from Sherlock-fucking-Holmes.”
“Relax, John.” Sherlock tried to move his hand.
When he looked at her, Sherlock could see the fair hair reminiscent of both her parents.  Her chin, nose and cheekbones looked similar to Mary’s but her lips, fulcrum and her eyes looked more like John.  She was a beautiful combination.  In terms of personality, Rosie had John’s temper and Mary’s relaxed and easy sense of humour.
“Lestrade, please, don’t be tiresome. I haven’t read the post. I informed you of that less than a minute ago.”
When Sherlock returned to the living room, he found the note.  It sat in the seat of Sherlock’s chair.
“Until just now, he’d been unconscious for the past…” John checked his watch. “Eleven minutes. He’s somewhat agitated and, in his distress, has just banged his head on the floor. Original injury was caused by, well, er…”
John and Sherlock walked into the back room.  A man wrapped in a blanket waited, seated at a chipped table on an uncomfortable-looking chair. He turned and acknowledged them.  Immediately, Sherlock noted that he wore a vintage Rolex watch.  He had manicured fingernails and a tattooed wedding band on his left hand.    Sherlock also noted that the man recognised them. It happened, of course, but this man was very interested in John in particular.
“Just a GP.”  John looked down for a moment. “I work with a detective called Sherlock Holmes. There’s a suspect on this train. He tried to kill me and Rosie.”
“I think I would like to have a wash.  You should come too.”
“They lead to the back exit,” Lestrade said when he could talk.  “I’ll get some men stationed out there on the night.”
“Your body is remarkable, John,” Sherlock said as the last dregs dripped into the bowl. “A lesser man would have been in some discomfort. But you, Dr Watson, are a stalwart.”
“They’ve kept telling me about the case,” Tyler explained.  “I can’t believe it. I never thought that we’d get to this point.  I can’t thank you enough for seeing it through.”
“I can’t take it anymore,” Sherlock said.  He stood up.  “We’re here because we want to know about Mark Tyler. I thought I’d be able to deduce things about you or that we could steer you into talking about him, but I can’t take it anymore. The truth is, I’m probably a little bit highly strung to have things up my arse all the time. I admit it. Now, can we just talk about Mark Tyler please because otherwise, I may have an aneurysm.”
“Good.” John planted a hand on Sherlock’s bum to pull him closer.   “I wish I knew how to pay you a compliment without freaking you out.  I wish I knew what went on in that awesome brain of yours.”
John watched him go and then looked at his own hands. Sometimes he was sure Sherlock just made that shit up.
“Vibrator, vibrator.”  John’s head dropped between his arms and he groaned when Sherlock pushed the vibrator inside next to his cock.  “On, on,” John prompted.
“Oh yes, of course,” Mycroft demurred. “I‘d forgotten that I still keep you under surveillance.”
With that in mind, John had a brainwave one evening as he made Spag-Bol. He pushed the Bolognese to the back burner, turned it down and left the spaghetti uncooked while he fed Rosie and got her to bed. After that, he texted Sherlock and told him to be at 221C by half seven. When Sherlock arrived, John dished up and poured them both a glass of wine.
“Is that the way you see it?” John asked, a coldness spreading in his belly. “My heat?”
“Our membership figures have increased since Simon and Jason took over reception. And they had ideas for monthly membership deals and taster evenings, where people could sample what the club has to offer.  I can’t tell you exact figures, Mr Holmes, but Simon and Jason have probably brought more money into the club as receptionists than they ever did as entertainers.”
John nodded. They reversed their steps and went through the central blackout room area door.  Before them was a narrow corridor that led to a lift.  The lift had up, down and emergency buttons.  The down button didn’t work, so up they went.  The lift rose what only seemed like a few feet and then stopped. When the doors opened, the room was truly pitch black.  John, Sherlock and Lestrade fumbled with torches or phones to give them guiding light.
“Can I tell you something, John?” Sherlock asked.  His heartbeat thumped in his head, in his throat, in his whole body.  He stared at John’s lips and wished they were crushed against his.  Sherlock took John’s hand in his and bought it to the front of his trousers where his erection was pushed hard against the zip.  “I really want us to have sex.”
John took a deep inhale and exhale. “Look at me?” he asked.
“So, you want to see if our sexual needs match before I, essentially, give you my cock for three days.” Sherlock’s lips twitched.
“Well come in, then!” Sherlock entered. John was sat in a cloud of fragrant bubbles looking forlorn. He held a bottle of shampoo, which he handed to Sherlock. “I can’t lift my arms,” John said. “They hurt too much.”
“He seems to be preoccupied with hurting me and Rosie,” John replied.  “I think the other passengers are fine as long as they don’t try to help.”
Sherlock shook his head.
“Stand for me?”  Sherlock looked up.  John’s eyes looked heavy. He had fuzzy hair around his nipples and a strip from his navel down.   Sherlock tugged at his belt, then at the fastening of his trousers and let them drop.  John’s cock pushed at the fly of his tartan boxers.  Sherlock hooked his fingers into the elastic waistband. John gave him a barely perceptible nod. In seconds, John was naked.  And beautiful.
he’d forgo his tea.
“And you’re very short, Dr Watson.”
“National security,” Mycroft blustered.
“I know, sweetheart, I know.” John reached around Sherlock’s body to ease out the vibrator and turn it off.
“I could help,” Sherlock said through a mouthful of banana.
“Cheers. So, who’s John?”
“Do what you want with me,” the agent said in a voice that was nine-tenths wheeze. “Just let my daughter live. Please.”
“Bullshit.”
Sherlock lowered the violin and took a deep breath.  He lowered his bow with so much energy that it audibly swooshed through the air like an epee blade.   The look he gave John suggested steam was about to shoot from his ears.  “You may wish to go back out,” Sherlock said quietly.
John heard the words but he was stunned. He stared at the money and let the conversation wash over him.
“Doesn’t matter,” John said.  He moved next to Sherlock and took the mangled pillow from him.  “It only just occurred to me that I never asked. I just assumed. I won’t push.  Your secrets are yours to tell.”
“What do you want, my love?” Sherlock asked again.  He let John’s cock go, mindful of his admitted lack of control.  John’s hips still rose as he fucked thin air above him and drove back down onto Sherlock’s hand and the vibrator pushed deep inside.
“I do,” John agreed.  “Jason was a decent kid.  I never saw anyone lose their temper with him, and I never saw him lose his temper with anyone either.”
“She was your wife.”  Sherlock looked intrigued by John’s reaction.
“D’you want to press charges?”  Lestrade asked.  “I’d be happy to take a statement.”
Nathan looked down at the handcuffs he still wore.   “He knows I heard, you know.  I’ll be fired if I tell you.”
“I also know that soaking it overnight works just as well as ten minutes of scrubbing,” Sherlock replied.  “So, leave it in the sink and come to bed.” He started to tug at John’s belt.
John rolled his eyes and sat down in his chair with Rosie.
“There are bad men at Langridge’s too.”  Piero began to dress. John and Sherlock followed his lead.  “But that is not my story to tell.  On the whole though, I agree with you. I don’t know that they are so smart here though.  The manager is like a puppet for someone else. Strange shit happens.”
“Unless,” Sherlock said between kisses, “you don’t intend to leave here, we really need to stop.”  He moaned as John reached down and grabbed his backside with both hands.
Tyler laughed and then adopted a rougher accent that was, at one time, his. “There was a time that I’d have punched you for that.”
“Yeah, I used to see him for a while,” John said.  “Before. We haven’t spoken lately.”
“Charles’ son will inherit Langridge’s?”
“In,” Sherlock moaned. His body felt boneless but now utterly empty. “In.” John pressed in a warm finger and even that made another softer wave of ejaculation.
Sherlock handed Mycroft a cup of tea and walked around the living room in the opposite direction, occasionally sipping from his own cup.  “Tell me about Stephen Daniels,” he demanded.
“Bloody woman?”  Sherlock looked puzzled.
John’s hand grasped Sherlock’s chin and tried to tilt up his face. Sherlock pushed himself back, over his heels and he scooted on his bum back behind his own chair. Sat beneath his violin stand, Sherlock crossed his arms and tried to stop shaking.
Mycroft looked out of the window.  “Oh, isn’t this the house of your child minder?”
Stephen had been Sherlock’s pseudonym.
“The thing is, John, if you’ve got this disc then somehow you’ve met my brother. My guess would be that it’s a case, but it could be that Sherlock’s got himself mixed up with prostitutes or drugs.”  John felt himself blush.  “See I think you two should be together, but I also think Sherlock will struggle with it. Remember that he saved you?  Please, John, save Sherlock right back.  He’ll be a great husband for you and wonderful father for Rosie. But you need to convince him of that, John. He doesn’t know.  He’s outside the realms of his experience.  He doesn’t know he’s worth you two being together and he won’t until you convince him.  Personally, I think you should marry him and get him to adopt Rosie, but you know Sherlock best.”  Mary raised an eyebrow in a way that suggested she knew Sherlock incredibly well.
Mycroft had arranged a parent and child room adjoining John’s suite at the hospital.  Sherlock took Rosie there for a nap while he waited for John to get back from surgery.  An hour after they arrived, one of Mycroft’s minions brought several cases that contained clothes for John, Sherlock and Rosie, some toys, chargers, electronics and books.   He also handed Sherlock a carrier bag with some food for Rosie, a sandwich for him and drinks.
Sherlock’s forehead creased into a frown and each inhale was ragged with arousal.  His gaze met John’s and his fingers dug into his biceps. When Sherlock finally came, it was with an unstructured yell and a look of complete surrender. He shuddered until John managed to turn off the massager and then he flopped lifeless on the bed.  Both of their stomachs were wet with spunk, lube and sweat.  The air was heavy with the warm, sharp-sweet smell of sex.
.   They seem to be the basis of the money laundering operation. I’ve researched them extensively and can’t find a link to anyone, let alone the Marquês.  However, I also looked in her contacts and noticed that she has a gentleman called Jamie Reid in there.”
“I thought you couldn’t get it up again?”
“I’m sorry too.” Sherlock dug his thumbs into John’s heels, which resulted in some downright filthy sounds that emanated from the tap end.  When Sherlock spoke again, his voice was notably huskier. “I don’t want to hurt you if my deduction is incorrect.”
“How about you two just start with some good old-fashioned snogging?” Nathan suggested.  “Unless I’m paid to, I don’t put my dick anywhere near someone who can’t even kiss me.”
“It’s not possible,” Mycroft stuttered. “The connection simply can’t have got past my people.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Sherlock answered.  “What might we deduce from that?”
John crawled up the bed a little way and flopped onto his back. Sherlock threw a leg over his hips and squirted lube into his hand. Then he leant forward until his and John’s cocks were side by side and wrapped his hand around them both.
“Where’s the lube?” John asked. Sherlock pressed the bottle into his hand. John half-rolled off of Sherlock’s body and squeezed the lube over Sherlock’s groin where the slippery stuff dropped in cold splats. John rolled back over. He checked to see that Sherlock was looking before he slid his penis through the transparent liquid.
“But not with Sherlock.” John shook his head. “No one wants Sherlock to find love more than me, but I’m not the person to be that for him. Not anymore. I need to just settle down and worry about what’s right for Rosie.”
"It'd be nice for her to know that we’re committed to each other. I'd like that too."
“John.  Mr Holmes.” He shook their hands.  “Any news on the murderer?”
Rosie woke up at five in the morning.  When John got to her cot, she interspersed yells with talking to her feet.
John had started to run cold water in the bath. He’d turned his back on her, wet a flannel in the chilly water and pressed it against his sore anus. “Don’t ever do that to me again.” John’s voice had sounded stronger than he felt.
Sherlock sat in the bath. He’d used far too much bubble bath and the water had made his pale skin pink.
Once Mary got pregnant, John stopped the Alpha hormones. He and Mary had been told that, as her pregnancy progressed, she would become increasingly affected by John’s recovering heats. Even though Mary had been a Beta, John’s oestrous would trigger a response in her that was more commonly associated with Alphas. Her own rising hormone levels would make her more susceptible. It was just one of those things that might, but probably wouldn’t happen. It’d all seemed fine. Then, a month from Rosie’s birth, there was a change.
, John thought. He let go of his foot, stood, and grabbed the front of Sherlock’s shirt again. “Where were we?”
Rosie wailed.
“Roger was worth his weight in gold,” Sherlock muttered John’s tongue flattened against the base of his cock and he lowered his mouth as far as he could. It was good. Very good. John followed his mouth down over the shaft with one hand, then lowered his mouth down again. His hand naturally covered the section John’s mouth couldn’t comfortably reach. Roger deserved a sodding knighthood.
Sherlock yelled.
“Good,” John replied.
“Oh, oh.” Sherlock gulped. At this moment, he realised that sex was not just sex. He’d been fucked before. It might have started that way but it was changing by the minute. Sherlock wondered why this made him terrified. And aroused. John rolled back onto Sherlock’s body and thrust against him. Sherlock arched into the movement and moaned.
John almost jumped in and pointed out that Sherlock wasn’t up to being bummed full stop, but since that rather invalidated his argument regarding the invasion of privacy, he didn’t.  He did, however, sigh.
“Oh, oh, oh!”  John’s hips thrust hard in the air, almost dislodging Sherlock’s hands.  “Please, please, please…”
Sherlock reached round and stroked John’s cock once, twice and then John too had another orgasm.  John’s fingers bit into Sherlock’s thigh. “Point taken,” John said through clenched teeth. “What did you mean before? You said that you wanted me so that’s why you did it. What did you do?”
John did not turn. He put his head in his hands and shook his head.
“If you hear anything, would you let us know?” John asked.  “I’d be good to have your eyes and ears on the ground.”
Mycroft frowned.  “No.  Doubles is a little common for my circles.” He offered Sherlock a brief smile.
The next bullet put a crack in the windscreen. Two more shots plinked off the metal chassis.  All, apart from crunching footfalls in gravel, went silent.
“That vibrator’s amazing,” John said.  “But lethal.  You can’t use it on me if you want me to last more than about three minutes.”
“In me, in me, in me,” John muttered.  He shoved Sherlock’s fingers free, curled his legs around Sherlock’s body and pulled him forward. He barely had time to position his cock before he was inside.  “You feel so much better than I ever imagined,” John whispered. “You’re mine, mine, Sherlock.”
John giggled.
“For Pete’s sake, Sherlock!   I can’t remember what it’s called.  It’s got that weird treadmill thing on it.”
“No.”
“Okay.” Sherlock’s mind flew in all directions. Of course, Sherlock had been aware of the hateful, reeking Alpha hormones John took in order for Mary to conceive. Because John was such a dominant, strong Omega, Sherlock theorised that John would want to mate with a Beta female as he had before. His heart lurched.
“We will share intimacy during your heat, John,” Sherlock said. He tried to maintain his slightly aloof expression for as long as he could. “We will do whatever is required to make your heat a successful and satisfying one.” Sherlock paused. John nodded. “Afterwards, do you have any expectation or desire for such intimacy to continue?”
John and Sherlock looked at each other.  John gave Sherlock a warning look.  He stamped down his need to tell the truth.  After all, this wasn’t a question of upsetting Nathan, it was more about figuring out who or what Mark Tyler was.   His deception told them something. After all, if Tyler was really a Europol officer, and an undercover one at that, then it was likely that he was an accomplished liar since his job and wellbeing depended upon it. As a result, there was no way Drake or Shaw could truly trust him.  Pushing Nathan by revealing the truth was, therefore, ultimately futile.
“This is the penis area then,” John remarked.
Sherlock’s hand tapped John’s back in time with Tyler’s thrusts.  Every nerve in John’s body shifted to that spot and tingled at the touch.  Feeling his arousal was obvious, John glanced at Lestrade. He sat with his legs crossed tight, his eyes focused only on the three men fucking in the middle of the room.
The next few minutes seemed to pass by so quickly.  John continued CPR until the paramedics were unloaded and ready.  The lead paramedic gave John the look but they still collared and immobilised Jason all the same.   They bundled him into an ambulance along with crying, crying Simon.  And then John leaned back on his haunches, pulled his knees out of the puddle of blood, and he stood.
“Always,” Mark replied. “She was good to know.  She worked for me every now and then.  And I know you probably want to know more about Rosa. The truth is, I only know so much.  She didn’t have that sort of life.  There were always secrets, yeah?   No one really knew Rosa. I can’t say I did.”
“Is everything alright?”  John asked her.
“In that case, I’ll take you to dinner,” Mycroft said. “Let Doctor Watson have some rest and you and I can sample the visitor’s restaurant.  No arguments, brother mine. John would want you to keep your strength up.”
“Is your hair wet?” Sherlock hadn’t even looked at John properly, so discomforted he was by everyday nudity.
“Ow!” Sherlock dropped against John and clutched his face. In a matter of seconds, thick, warm blood trickled through his fingers. “I think you broke my nose,” he said, his voice nasal.
Sherlock handed him a piece of paper.  “For Thursday,” he said.
“For God’s sake, she has a
“Then he’s not that straight. Most Omegas have tried male cock. Liked male cock. Is he married?”
“Good morning, Mr Holmes and Dr Watson,” a bright, breezy female voice twittered into the room. “It’s time for breakfast. I’ll leave the trolley in the corridor.”
“And that really is as useful as he gets,” John added.
It was only then that John realised who the boy was.
“No, Sherlock,” John pushed Sherlock back. “I won’t punish you for the actions of your sister. Sorry, but I won’t. Look at me.” Sherlock carried on staring at the carpet. He knew his face was wet with tears and sweat and snot. This wasn’t the moment to be looking at anyone.
“Great.”
“Fine. If I crouch, we can compensate for the discrepancy.”
“Fascinating.” Sherlock ceased filming and tried to carefully lift the bowl. The contents sloshed over the sheets and over John’s bottom.
Sherlock’s body drooped and his eyes closed.  He leant forward and rested his hands on the chest of drawers.  John let out three cries, each louder than the last.  His legs tightened around Sherlock’s waist and when he heard John’s body flop down against the wooden chest, so too did Sherlock.
They went back into the blackout area and investigated the private rooms.  The one closest to the fire escape was dimly-lit and contained a number of shackles, whips, floggers and restraints. In contrast, the central room was brightly lit and the floor, walls and even ceiling were covered in plastic.
John laughed.  He had a vision of him attempting to fight someone off with his backside.  His laugh turned to giggles and then he was bent double. Tears rolled down his face. He looked at Sherlock, who just stood looking bemused.  John laughed so much, he didn’t even spot the taxi that drew up.   Sherlock guided him into the car. “I’m sorry,” he said between gasps for air.
“Fine. Oh, John, I want to rub your cock.”  Sherlock frowned. He didn’t need anyone to tell him that sounded utterly unconvincing.  John began to giggle.   “Um, you look hard?”
“A drug drop,” Sherlock replied.  “We have to assume that if the Marquês even knows that Daniels has been arrested, he’s arranged to have someone else collect the drugs. We have to hope he hasn’t cancelled the drop altogether.”
The second thing to say is that Sherlock and his reticence, his past, noted at the end, is not going where you think it is.  The follow up to this fic is not a rape fic, it's not a horror story. It's darker than this, but I promise you, it's not going to go all shit-shaped.  It's just the story of someone facing the stuff they've shoved into the background for a very long time.  We all do it, and Sherlock's got some shizz to deal with.  Do not despair; it's all about the love.
Sherlock grinned.  “How exciting!”   He put on a trilby.  “Do I look like a gangster?”  He winked at John, who smiled back with an expression of complete love.   Sherlock blushed.
“Uh,” Sherlock moaned. “You’re not the only one.”  The heat and tightness of John’s body made him gasp.  John didn’t take it slowly.  He rolled his hips, rose and fell, as he fucked himself on Sherlock’s cock.   A clear drop of precome dripped from John onto Sherlock’s stomach.
“Don’t go.”  Sherlock was losing his breath.
have a bath and
“Nearly,” John said, his lips against Sherlock’s skin.  “Almost. Almost.”
“It’s complicated,” John replied.  “I lived with Aaron, but he died. Then I met Ma-Marilyn. Then she died. Now Aaron and I are busy bringing up Marilyn’s and my daughter.” John pulled Sherlock in for a half-hug and snuck another look at his groin.
“You see, John, Sherlock is so unworldly in some ways.  He cannot, however, fail to notice that you favour boys who look like him. He might think that you have designs on him, don’t you see?  I really wouldn’t like him to be hurt.”
“The regular fees are £850 per year plus a £500 joining fee which we waive for those from the armed and emergency services,” Shirley admitted.  “And those are just the basic fees.   The deluxe membership is £1,300 and that includes access to some of the specialist suites on the fourth floor.  To have access to the room where poor Brandon died, you have to be a VIP member. They pay almost £2,000 per year membership.”
“Fuck off,” John said.  Sherlock’s focus darted back to him and he held John’s gaze. “I’m an ex-soldier and a sodding adrenalin junkie. I will always be that. I can’t turn it off just because I have Rosie and, what’s more, I won’t.  That isn’t because I don’t love her, it’s because I want her to know the best version of her father she can. And the best version of me is the one that runs around London doing stupid, amazing, life-saving work with you. And we do save lives. Who knows how many?  But, do you know what? I know that if Rosie is left with you and only you, she’ll be a very lucky little girl who will grow up into an extraordinary woman. No one who was brought up with you could be anything else.”
“I think we’re probably going to get dirty again,” John pointed out between kisses.  “Because I really do want to do dirty things with you.”
,’ he wrote.
“These modern chairs are supposed to be able to figure out what you need from the chemical make-up from your slick and your precome. It should deliver precisely what you need at any given time.” Sherlock looked rather longingly at John.
“Fine, fine, everything’s fine.”
.  It is a thing of complete joy.
“You promised I could, well, you know.” Sherlock blushed.
“Drawer,” Sherlock said and leaned in to lick the side of John’s neck.  “Hurry.”
John’s scent intensified, and Sherlock’s cock got stiffer. John’s motions made the cupboard door rattle, and Sherlock took the biggest bite of banana he could.
“Cock.”
“Now, my men, there’s something I want to show you,” Nathan said.  He unzipped his trousers and dropped them.
Sherlock nodded.
John took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it.
“No’ really,” Jamie admitted.  “Not apart from what ya saw, like.  I don’t think I’m smooth or suave enough for ‘im.” Jamie grinned.  “My punters like a bit o’ rough or a prawper man, y’ken?”
John worried his lip with his teeth. He and Sherlock knew it wouldn’t be that simple. But, for now, they had to manage Nathan’s anger.
Sherlock’s inner voice screamed. Oh yes, Holmes, perfect way to stop imagining John having a blowjob by demanding to see where it happened. Perfect.
“Are you insane?” John asked. “You’re an inch or so taller than me.”
The image showed John lifting Rosie out of a taxi on Baker Street.
“I see no reason why we should wait.” Sherlock lifted his teacup and blew on the still-too-hot liquid.
“Up and in the shower. We’re going to go pick up Rosie and go get some breakfast. Well, if that’s what you’d like to do?”
“Shall we?” Sherlock threw back the covers and stood. His blue hospital gown was tented at the front and he collected up their clothes hurriedly. “Come along, John,” he urged as he disappeared through the door. John sighed. If there was an Omega chair in a hospital room, what on earth would be in a lounge?
“You can observe. Mycroft.”
Sherlock pushed the box towards John. He had a good idea what they would find inside.  They’d found correspondence between Mary and Mark. They knew Matthews, Mark’s business partner and enemy, had images of John and Rosie. To Sherlock, the conclusion was clear. However, he wanted John to discover it himself.  When John’s relationship with Mary and her memory was questioned, Sherlock did his best not to intrude.
“What are you doing?”  Fabian screamed. “I ran for my life.  Jean left and I was scared.”
“I can feel your smugness back there,” John grumbled. “Stop it. Think bad thoughts; I’m too frigging old to be lying on a kitchen floor.”
“I’ll have a whisky and coke please,” John replied.  “Scotch, if you’ve got it.”
There were three men in the room, all of whom were so clearly policemen, the fact Sherlock had met them an hour or so earlier was irrelevant.
“I’m too tired,” John moaned, clearly miserable but ridiculously horny.
“Far easier to conceal cord than stiff wire,” Sherlock agreed.   He’d focussed on a large calendar taped to the office wall.  “John,” he said pointing to a date, three days hence.
“You know, I was quite willing to leave you out of the drugs bust if you’d asked,” Sherlock said.  “I’m glad you didn’t, but it’s strange. I’ve never felt this way; the way I feel about you and about Rosie.  Of course, I was always willing to lay down my life for you and your family.  I expected this to feel the same. It isn’t. Not at all.  My thoughts of you consume me.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I don’t know why it’s so important.” John blushed.
“May we have sex?” Sherlock asked. “Please?”
“Do you know something, Sherlock Holmes?  You’ve made me a happy man. For a while, I didn’t think it was possible for me to be happy again. I was wrong.  You’re really that good, you bastard.”
Sherlock entered 221 Baker Street and was met by Mrs Hudson.
“Pull it free.” John’s eyes were closed, his jaw tight and a faint tremor ran across his thighs.  Sherlock grasped the end of the butt plug and gently pulled.  John moaned as he eased and wiggled it out.  Immediately, John reached behind him and pressed Sherlock’s cock against his entrance.
Rosie began to cry.
“No use giving me that look,” Bailey replied.  “Come on, Dr Watson, give me a firm ‘and-a one, and-a two’.”
“I need a shower.”
Nathan’s pants were still in place but, over the top, he wore a strap-on harness complete with a bright blue dildo in front of his cock. He reached back and grabbed the chair Sherlock kept in the corner of the room.   Nathan pulled up his trousers but left them open.  “Can we dim the light in here?”
“Alright, genius, what do we do?”
“Hmm.” Sherlock gave John a steady kiss. He sucked John’s lower lip into his mouth and worried it gently with his teeth before he released it. “Give me half an hour.”
Fuck.  It was a fair cop. Sherlock
John flung his arms out. “Of course, I do, you doughnut. But we’re supposed to be trying to get you to out of me, not stay in there forever.” John’s exasperated movement caused his weight to shift and, with a slow but certain tilt, he started to roll off Sherlock’s body. Prone as he was, Sherlock couldn’t stop him. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!”
Sherlock had blindly fucked upwards, grabbed Ian’s hips, and pulled him down, down onto his needy cock. “John, I’ve wanted you for so long.”
“Fine.” Sherlock exhaled.  No new information. That was irritating. The fact that Sherlock had sat in this room and listened to him and John talk extensively about his back passage and he’d got nothing from it, was thoroughly irritating.
“Ignore the NCA,” Sherlock instructed.  “Let Mycroft deal with them.”
John and Sherlock reunite in a different way (they have sex) and John puts his demon to bed.
Sherlock’s voice rumbled in the darkness. “On at least three occasions in the last year, Lestrade, I’ve been aware that you…”
“I’m almost there.  Kiss me.” John turned his head to face Sherlock and lifted his hand from Sherlock’s arse to his hair.  Sherlock leant forward and gave him a searching kiss.  It changed the angle of his thrusts and John cried out against Sherlock’s mouth as his climax wracked his body.  Come splattered the inside of Sherlock’s arm and John’s arse gripped his cock.   Sherlock grasped John’s body to him, dragging him into his arms. This moment was one Sherlock had never expected to have and now his world narrowed to the short, ex-Army doctor plastered across his chest.
“Oh fuck, fuck, fuck,” John gasped out as he climaxed again. His body shuddered with ecstasy and he pulled Sherlock’s arms closer around him. “Bugger me, that was great.” John twisted his head for an awkward sideways kiss. Seemingly content, John wriggled against Sherlock’s body and pushed his hips back, which, in turn, shoved Sherlock’s cock deeper. They both tumbled into orgasm again, expressed in nuzzled, moaned chuckles and soft kisses.
“What about Kevin Candlar?”
Sherlock froze.  He wanted to move. He needed to be strong for John.  Everything around him had now taken over.  Sherlock felt as if there was a spotlight on him and he was being judged by every other man in the room.
“We could do more, I suppose.  I do wonder about whether we should start Aaron with something like different size plugs, or Kegel balls?”
“I think this position is good for you two?” Nathan got to his feet and moved so they could both see him.
Mary laughed.  “I know when I’m not wanted.”
John felt his heart stop in his chest. He and Sherlock had to last, they had to. He rolled onto his back and put his forearm over his eyes.
“Bloody fucking fabulous,” John replied. “Get on with it, then.”
John looked over to Rosie.  She was attempting to lick her drink from her tumbler like a dog.
“I’m here now.” Ian had stroked Sherlock’s chest and tugged one of Sherlock’s nipples into a hard, wrinkled nub. The affection, the eroticism of the gesture was almost too much.
The paramedics attempted to talk to John. Although he’d stopped vomiting, the pain in his abdomen was so severe after retching he just gasped and tried to breath.  John was barely aware of anything until he was loaded into the ambulance.
Sherlock took a deep breath and watched Piero’s reaction. He looked defeated.  Sherlock began to talk once more.
Sherlock looked up. John was rumpled, naked, cheeky-looking, and very, very beautiful. He smiled. John stuck out his tongue. From the floor, John’s phone rang.
“Please.” Sherlock walked into the kitchen behind John.  “Can I ask you a question?  I am afraid it might be too personal, but I find myself unable to focus on the case.”
John paused. He looked at Sherlock. “I know,” he said, knowing the truth in his own words. “I trust you.”
Those words, from Mary’s disc, stood out for John and for Mycroft.  They sat in Mycroft’s office and gave each other nervy looks.
“Fine,” Sherlock replied.  “I’m going to pretend to finger your arse to give you an excuse.”
“Lift your knee,” Sherlock instructed. “And stick your bum out.” Sherlock encouraged John into the right position, and then pulled back and thrust back in. “How’s that?”
When I wrote this, it was the first sex scene I'd written for eight or nine years, so please be kind.  I should also say that I hope no one feels that John's wibble isn't emasculating him; new relationships are hard on newly single parents. Season four showed John struggling with guilt and putting high expectations on himself and so I've worked with that. It's something I've noticed in the relationships I've had with people who are also parents, so it felt right to include it.
“This is Doctor John Watson,” Sherlock said. “He’s a GP and an ex-army doctor.  He thinks he’s suffering from appendicitis and he has a horrible tendency to get his diagnoses correct. This is his second bout of vomiting and he has a fever.”
“It was a strategic fall,” Sherlock added. “The bruise. I fell strategically in order to shift the body-weight of my attacker in such a way that I could…”
Sherlock eyed the dark, wet slick marks on the back of John’s jeans. “So are you.”
“But when the two of you touched each other, you were convincing,” Nathan said. “Sex doesn’t always come with a lot of noise.  Did either of you go up the Heath
John and Sherlock return to Langridge's to visit the Blackout room and to talk to Charles Langridge.  Back at home, John has a surprise for Sherlock.
“No,” Candlar said.  “If you ask me, they’re accidental. Horrible and coincidental, but accidental. Brandon was dreadfully allergic and Jason hated being on the upper floors of the building. It all seems logical to me that these were entirely accidental incidents.”
“We have,” Sherlock agreed as he dropped into a chair.  “What can you tell us about the security room?  I can’t help but feel that there’s a conflict of interests considering the prestige of your clientele.”
. He pushed the thought aside as he started on a primary survey.   Jason wasn’t breathing and, from the state of his neck, he wasn’t going to start again.  His legs were broken and he had what was likely to be a catastrophic head injury, not to mention likely internal bleeding.  He was irretrievably dead.
“I am dreadful sorry to hear that, John.  Fabian will miss you terribly. Please do stop in on him before you leave.”
“I feel like I’ve been making fucking DVD’s forever,” Mary said. She was sitting in the same room as in the other videos.  “I don’t trust letters.  I faked a few of those in my time.”  Mary looked down.  John knew she was ashamed of her past.  He found himself giving the Mary on his computer a sympathetic smile.  “So, I’m stuck with these.” She shook her head.  “Forgive me, but I’m going to make some pretty big assumptions now.  The deal is that I reckon you and Sherlock might actually get your act together. I always knew you loved him and I also knew you fancied him. Who wouldn’t? The man’s gorgeous.  By the way, if you haven’t got together with him yet, get your fucking arse in gear, mate.”
“I, Mrs Shaw,” said Sherlock, “am your only hope.  If the Marquês is involved in this then he’s got men across Europe who won’t have any difficulty in bringing harm to your doorstep.”
“I’ll dance for ya, if you’d like?” said Anthrax.
John rode him hard and fast, his knees dug into the mattress, his hands clasped with Sherlock’s. He sighed when he took Sherlock deeper and deeper and his sweat dripped from his skin. Sherlock’s penis thickened with the feral joy of John’s scent dripping on his chest. John’s natural lubricant dribbled between Sherlock’s arse-cheeks, and he wanted to feel it inside him. He needed to know what it was to absorb yet more of John Watson.
“You’re in a private part of the hospical, I mean, hospital.  It’s a private suite. Rosie and I have a room just through there.”
Proofread as always by Lockedinjohnlock. If there are mistakes herein, they're my bad.
“I need to lay down,” John said, voice low. “My thighs are shaking.” He climbed over, flopped onto his back and, in doing so, his mattress made an unfortunately flatulent noise. “That wasn’t me.”
“Of course,” Mycroft replied.  “He’s under the care of the best medical team we could arrange. I would trust my own life with them.”  Sherlock snorted. High praise indeed. “It’s a routine operation, as far as these things go.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitched at the memory.  John had mentioned Sherlock’s floofy hair earlier that morning when they’d showered together.  “Maybe we ought to try a few on?”
“Of course,” Sherlock replied.  He looked pale. Too pale.  “Remember what I said?  When we get to the hospital, the doctors will take Daddy away to mend his tummy.  Then he’ll stay there for a while until he’s all better.  But we can still see him all the time.”
John undid his dressing gown and threw his leg over Sherlock’s lap.  He pulled Sherlock’s gown open and nuzzled his neck.  “Everything’s fine.” John voice was scarcely audible.  “Just a little confusion.  We’re all good.”
Zach had been an accident. A night of pleasure that just went wrong. Jason had been a mistake. He’d been too heavy-handed.  However, Daniels regarded Cox as a bad man. It had surely been kill-or-be-killed.  Mycroft would understand.  That was his job, wasn’t it?  To clean up the messes the great and the good made, to manage the country in their stead and take none of the credit. Mycroft would be on his side.
“No tying me up.” John knelt on the floor, his head drooped between his shoulders. “No hitting me, spanking me, or any of that. I don’t like S&M and I’m no one’s sub.”
Nathan grinned. “You’re one of those annoying bastards.”  Sherlock laughed.  “Really, Aaron, your boyfriend is not typical. Don’t you go thinking you have to be so casual. And, if you decide that anal sex isn’t for you, don’t do it.  I’d bet Colin here wants you to enjoy sex and if you don’t enjoy bottoming, do not do it.”
“But what does that mean?” Sherlock threw his hands up, even as John shoved a cushion beneath his hips. “Really? Dear person-I-love, please penetrate me in a manner consistent with reproductive intercourse, even though I, as an Alpha, am not able to get pregnant. Therefore, this merely parodies reproductive intercourse, though, since I have a prostate gland protruding into my anal canal, I can get pleasure from this and, of course, it symbolically means that I see myself not as your superior, but as your equal, as you are mine. So, by all means, if that’s what you wish to say, make love to me, John.”
The Crown Prosecution Service is the body that brings forth criminal prosecutions against criminals in the UK. The police can’t charge someone with a crime unless the CPS agree that the reason for doing so is sound.  More about the CPS: http://www.cps.gov.uk/about/index.html
When the kiss ended, Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s. He took a few deep breaths before he spoke. “I’m not apologising for being grumpy.”  His lips curled into a smile.
Piero pulled a face.  “Really?”
“And how’s taking sex out of the equation working for you?”
Sherlock and John visit Piero, a prostitute/therapist from Doubles, who admitted to the murder of a man called Zach Thomes.  From there, they make a return visit to Doubles to see one of Piero's colleagues: a man called Nathan Drake.
“Let me,” Sherlock said. John’s fingers dropped away and Sherlock re-lubed and pressed two of his digits inside with some ease.  He teased the area around John’s prostate without making direct contact. Then, Sherlock stretched his fingers apart and managed to slide in a third.  “How’s that?” he asked.
“Just remember genie, that I taught him everything he does to you.”  Fabian smiled a dark smile. “Every time he makes love to you, it is with hands that touched me first. Je lui ai tout appris.”
“I’d’ve had Roger up there by now.”
“Breathe with me,” John whispered.   He took a deep breath and ran his hands down Sherlock’s chest.   He inhaled slowly and then repeated it and repeated it.   When John was content Sherlock was calmer, he kissed him.  There was no faked passion or showiness to the kiss, no urgency, nothing but love.   The kiss zeroed the room down to just Sherlock and John.
A few more strokes and John cried out as he too came.  He threw his head back in ecstasy and so close were they that, in doing so, John headbutted Sherlock’s nose.
Mycroft simply raised an eyebrow.
“That feels good, doesn’t it?”
“Ah. We never really spoke about that, did we?”
“No, no,” John interrupted. “No. You don’t understand. I don’t want you to babysit. I want you.”
John doused three cotton wool balls in make-up removal lotion and started on Sherlock’s foundation. He tenderly and carefully removed the make-up and then started to clean a graze on Sherlock’s temple. He shone a light in Sherlock’s bruised eye.
“You can’t tell it’s not my penis, right?” Nathan said.
Sherlock did not reply in words. He simply walked towards John, reached out, took his arm and led him into his bedroom. They made it as far as the mirror before John stopped.
John took a deep breath.   He remembered the length of the journey to Sherrinford.  The journey simply wasn’t possible if they were to be at Langridge’s before the brothel officially opened.   “Fu-u-udge.”
“Ah cannae believe what’s been going on at Langridge’s right noo,” Jamie said.  He was sitting with John and Sherlock in a café near the brothel.  “Scary times.”
“What’s the address of the emergency?”
“We’ve got the names, we’ve just got to figure what on earth is going on.”
In this chapter, Mycroft is protecting people in power and Sherlock and John receive some alarming news from Molly.  There are sexy times and then there are some not so good times courtesy of Dr Watson.  Mycroft is a surprisingly good brother.
Sherlock clutched John’s hair and watched Murphy as he rammed against the stranger.  Murphy’s dressing gown was still firmly done up and beads of sweat formed on his skin.    He grabbed the stranger’s hips and thrust in one last time.
“The only thing I can say is that I know Peter takes drugs.  I’ve been around enough to know when someone’s high and Peter’s high a lot.”
“Is there any chance she’s going to sleep so I can suck your knob?”
Sherlock paid the barman and he and John walked over to the couch to wait for Piero, whoever he was.
In this chapter, Mycroft has a chat to John, upsets Sherlock and then John and wafts off in his Jag.  Sometime thereafter, our intrepid duo are summoned back to Langridge's...
“This way, Mr Tyler. I remembered you saying that you found the film room exciting. Fabian is very keen to meet you.”
“I love you.” Sherlock’s voice broke halfway through and emotion rushed to his head. He started to move again for distraction if nothing else. But, as he canted his hips back and forth, he was sure he felt John’s heart thump heavily through his back and right into the centre of Sherlock’s chest. “You’re mine.”
“I need an ambulance, Sherlock,” John said.   “It’s appendicitis. I have a fever. This is bad.”
“Come on,” John said.  He looked at Sherlock, his face as flushed red as his eager cock.  The sounds of his hands working over and inside him filled the air.  “Uh.”  John’s hips lifted again.  “Please, Sherlock. I need you.”
Sherlock’s face rearranged itself with care. Somewhere in that massive brain, a wall was rebuilt. No longer amused, Sherlock simply suggested, “too soon?  Clearly too soon.  Well, I think I might just go and put my pyjamas on.
John ordered a bottle of Hambledon Première Cuvée.  For dinner, they had black pudding and broad beans to begin, followed by wild garlic and sage chicken with boulangere potatoes and purple sprouting broccoli. Before their dessert of treacle sponge and custard could be delivered, John smoothed his tie, cleared his throat and took Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock waited for Mycroft.  John was in surgery at St Mary’s Hospital and would then be transferred, courtesy of Mycroft, to the private Lindo Wing next door for recovery.  When he mentioned his status as John’s next of kin and as Rosie’s guardian, Mycroft simply told him to wait.
“The shirt covered in your spunk is upstairs. It’ll do.” Ian had finished his tea and turned around. “You should at least try. If not, then I’ll be John for you any time you need. You know where to find me.”
“So, suspects?”  Mycroft demanded.  “Tell me you have at least one.”
“Spoil-sport,” John huffed and took a picture anyway.
, or someone equally tempting.”
“There were moments.” Sherlock paused.  He didn’t want to go down that road.  He changed tack. “I’ve had sex.  Done things.  Even with a woman. It was dull.”
At Langridge’s, the main room, which incorporated the VIP lounge, pole dancing area and film room, was still closed.  Charles had let John and Sherlock in through the back door. They sat themselves on the sofas that surrounded the bed pit in the darkest corner.  After a brief wait, Lestrade arrived.
“How about, ‘John, my friend, my love, my fucking bondmate, I’m sorry for making your brain bleed with visions of my family watching me fuck you. Please fucking forgive me’. That would be a start.” John’s slick ran over Sherlock’s testicles.
“He’s got to have some time alone, Mycroft.”
“You’re going to prepare me, make me ready. Use a lot of lube,” John said. “If you move, I’ll fetch it.”
“Let me,” John said. He sat up a little, pumped lube into his palm, and slathered it over Sherlock’s penis.
“Sure.” Sherlock struggled to a sit. Last night’s fight had left him achy and stiff.
“You know I don’t do things by half measures.”
Sherlock upended the bag. John’s stomach made an unpleasant lurch when a thick, enormous red dildo fell out of the bag and rolled towards him.
“I’m going to call you John,” Sherlock told Ian once the door to 221B was shut.
“Your heat?” Sherlock had assumed, until then, that John would deal with his monthly heat with chemical aids. He knew John wasn’t taking them yet, but Sherlock couldn’t see a reason why he wouldn’t start. Unless. Unless. Unless. John’s effort to look nice suggested a date. Who
Should he start to cook, Sherlock wondered.  He should certainly pay more attention to John’s feelings. John had looked at Sherlock a lot tonight, even when he was only in his pants.  He would try to be sexier for John.  Sherlock should also make it clear to John that he found him attractive, he decided.
“It’s clear that your predilection is to be optimistic, but I would rather you be sure.” Sherlock sighed when the Paramedic’s jaw dropped. “I can tell that you’re an experienced Paramedic. Your uniform shows that you’ve lost and put-on weight at least five times and it’s entirely possible you were working for the ambulance service before that, as your boots show significant wear. However, John and I are not experienced parents and we want you to be sure that Rosie is alright.”
“You do have a theory about all this, don’t you?”  John took the photos from Sherlock and shoved everything back in the box.
“The nurse,” John confirmed.
"You mean you don't want to sleep on thousands of pounds every night?"  John opened the covers for the naked Sherlock to slip under them.   Sherlock lay on his back, John on his side. "I asked Mycroft. Apparently, no bank will accept all that cash. He's looking into options for me."
With very little warning, John came.  Fabian stood, then straddled John where he sat on the bed.  Face to face with John, Fabian’s mouth was plump and wet with saliva.  He milked the last of John’s ejaculate from his cock with one hand, leaned in and they kissed, sloppily.  Fabian’s mouth tasted of Latex and sin.
“Help, Oh God, help!”
John nodded. “I think we should get down under the console if we can. I know something’s going to give eventually, but we can make it as hard as possible.” He crouched under the driver’s console and wrapped his body around Rosie as much as he could. Sharan crawled under her seat.  They waited.
“I’m not sure how much movement I have,” Sherlock replied. He pulled back as far as his knot would allow and then thrust in.
“About Mrs Hudson’s sister?”
“Might I interrupt?” Mycroft said.  “I was compelled by the Official Secrets Act not to advise you that Mr Tyler is, indeed, now a Europol agent. Indeed, you cannot tell anyone yourself. I need you to sign this document.” Mycroft put the paper on the table. “This confirms that you will not speak of Mr Tyler’s role at Europol. When you all sign this then we can speak more.”
“I’m surprised you do,” Sherlock said.
Mycroft walked around the worn rug at 221B Baker Street and looked at his brother. Sherlock was hurt. He knew Sherlock was focused on the case because he needed to push his pain and confusion aside.  He made a mental note to have a serious word with John Watson when he returned.
“Ow,” Sherlock moaned. “That hurt. Why do I sound like this?” Sherlock raised a hand to his nose, which was distorted because John had rammed it with loo paper to staunch the bleeding.
“You’re very good at the sex thing. The sexual relationship, well, how can I judge? I’ve always been the one to come and go. Pun intended.”
“So Liverson stopped Daniels from indulging in his desires in privacy.  Did Daniels and Liverson ever have a sexual relationship?”
“I assume you don’t want me to question the Right Honourable Ste…”
“Sounds tedious,” Sherlock remarked.  It was a lie. His brother had clearly been very busy indeed and Sherlock was beyond grateful.
“Listen,” John said to Piero. “None of us get to pick who we fall in love with. It’s all chemistry and hormones and fate and whatever else.  The only thing we can control is how we deal with the chaos that gets in the way of the love.  Don’t blame the love, or the fact you felt it, for that chaos.  Love is pure; people are not. People fuck up and they make a mess and they act like idiots.  Life happens.  Sometimes, sometimes, if you’re really lucky, you find the path through it together because it’s the right time and the stars all align and it’s magic.  But, sometimes, it’s all wrong; it’s not the right time and life just fucks you over.  That didn’t stop the love from being a moment of perfection.  Blaming yourself for loving the wrong person is like blaming the earth for being between you and a buried coin. Appreciate the magic of finding it, not the shit that got in the way.”
“The condom was from the dish of them on the glass wall,” Tyler answered.  “I think the police have them.  I didn’t see who gave me the lubricant. One of the guys on the sofa just passed it to me. There was a bright light on over the bed pit and I couldn’t see anyone around us.  Someone gave me the bottle and I used it.”
“They’re assisting us with our investigations,” Sherlock replied.  “They’re being held for their own protection.”
“Have it ready. I want you to keep count of the chest compressions and if you get any reaction at all, you need to roll the child into the recovery position. Is it time for more rescue breaths yet?”
“I begged him,” Piero said. Tears ran freely down his face.  “I pleaded with him not to fall for that man. I knew Daniels would never love him.”
“If you have any idea what’s going on here, Sherlock, it’s time you told me,” John said.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any further cruelty to the English language that remains, is my bad.
"Aah," Sherlock replied.
Sherlock brushed the sparse hairs on John’s chest.  “I don’t think I’ll ever want to be apart from you.”
“You might want to think about using an enema kit or a douche,” Nathan continued. “I know, Colin, you’re gonna say it’s not good to use them often and that’s something you two need to decide on. For me, personally, I like to use a douche, wait half an hour and then do it again. That way, I know I am as caca-free as I can be.” Nathan smiled.   “That’s my motto.  But, really, a little bit of faeces might still happen.  You have to accept it.”
“I’m not good at delayed gratification.” Sherlock tried to lift himself up again to meet John’s body with his. “I don’t like being teased.”
“Is the patient breathing?”
“If we might move along?”  Lestrade said.  “We’ve got Daniels in custody and the CPS is happy to let us charge him with what happened on the train. However, his lawyer is going to push for bail any minute. I don’t think he’ll get it, but I’d prefer to be dropping a murder charge in his lap to make sure, yeah?”
“Are you here for a reason?”
“You’ve just taken me to a romantic restaurant to propose, had Mrs Hudson arrange soft music for our return and now you’re worried about being ridiculous?”  Sherlock tugged John against him and kissed him hard, his tongue pushing into John’s mouth before their lips met.    He ended the kiss, grabbed John’s hand and dragged him through the living room, the kitchen and into the bedroom.
“Tricky fuckers,” Mark said as he nodded.   “Anyways, I wondered if it’d be okay if me and Les could come meet Rosie some time?”
John took a slice of lemon cake.  “We’ve been listening to Beyoncé.  See you Thursday,” he said before he too turned and followed Sherlock.
“Yep,” Lestrade agreed.  “It’s better for you guys though.  It’s guaranteed that no-one but Sally and I can observe.  Gives you a bit of privacy.”
For a while, serenity blanked Sherlock’s mind. John’s calls, however, soon filtered into his consciousness, like sunlight in a shadowy glade. When full consciousness overtook the sublime, Sherlock realised his hip was sore, his arse was freezing, his leg was draped over John’s, as was the left-hand side of his torso. John sounded more and more annoyed.
, that it meant his friend had just fallen apart inside.  John knew he was lying and blaming Sherlock for things that were his fault, only his fault, but the truth was too much, far too fucking much.  All of it had crashed in and he didn’t know how not to betray Mary or Sherlock.
“Fake cock never feels like real cock.” John’s movements sped up and now the cutlery drawer rattled above the cupboard. “I couldn’t wait though, Sherlock; I’m so sorry.”
The man with his lips around John Watson’s cock moaned.  John looked down at the unruly, dark curls and sighed. That mouth, those full, pink lips, looked sinful stretched around John’s erection.
“And because we’ve shown some skin, people think we’re uninhibited,” Sherlock continued.  “Faking it will be even easier with me in your lap.”
“Oi, Sherlock, you’re lying on me, you lanky bugger.” Sherlock moaned and struggled to move, an attempt ended when he realised his knot still held he and John together. “Stop flailing. I just want you to move off me a bit.”
“If any man in Europe can keep you safe from the Marques, then it would be my brother,” Sherlock admitted. “There are no guarantees, but you stand a better chance with him than with anyone else.”
“Brandon was a darling boy.  I was his first customer at Langridge’s, you know. I heard he’d worked at Doubles before. That made me wonder.  I only saw Brandon or Christopher at Langridge’s.”
“What did you take?”  John asked.  “You need to tell me.”
“Being a detective is dangerous work, huh?” Nathan’s voice had dropped at least one level of perkiness.
“I have no idea,” Mycroft said.
“I’ll tell him to be on his best behaviour,” Sherlock said. He squeezed John’s hand. “I’d never risk the safety of Rosie’s godmother like that.” John raised his eyebrows. “Or my friend Molly’s.”
“Because you’re a man,” Mary replied.  “Because you and Sherlock are idiots.  Because I jumped in front of a bullet meant for him. Because you were confused and conflicted and hurt.  I’m sorry for that, I really am.  I couldn’t let you lose him again though.”
“I feel weird,” Sherlock admitted.
John, smiling, happy John, stood up and tugged Sherlock to his feet and then into a clumsy embrace. “I never knew how much I liked you talking about sex,” John said. “We’ve never really spoken about it, have we? Anyway, I like the way you talk about it. I like your awkwardness and your blushes. It reminds me that you’re not a typical Alpha.”
The Paramedic looked at John, who shrugged, then at Sherlock. “You look familiar.”
At the far end of the room was a fire exit.  The door opened onto an external stair case that ran down the back of the building into the back yard.  There were also two doors that led to long thin rooms. On one side was a corridor.
John looked at Sherlock, aghast.  “There’s no way Piero could be involved in this, right? I mean, if it’s him, he really doesn’t seem like a killer.”
When Mary died, John had stopped the suppressants again with the intention of hooking up with his Grindr heat buddy. His heat never came. As John’s heartbreak eased and his relationship with Sherlock healed, John lost his interest in casual hook-ups. John and Rosie had moved to 221C Baker Street and they shared their days with Sherlock.
John stood to pull the t-shirt off. He nuzzled into Sherlock’s neck then sat down again.
“You never say that,” John said between chuckles. “Why would you say that?”
“In love?” Sherlock asked. His heart and his hope were reflected in those greyish-bluey-green eyes.
“I thought you were going to get all wise on me then.” John winked at Sherlock and then yawned. His legs hurt, and his arse was definitely tender. John’s abdominal muscles were complaining at all his clenching and he was hot and sticky and probably stank. It was delightful. New. John simply hadn’t felt like this before.
Sherlock carefully did not say that his mind was full of things that were, a) not sensible and, b) were only grown up in as much as they would’ve made his teenage self blush.
“I am yours.” John reached back to grab Sherlock’s arse and encourage him on. His voice hitched in time with Sherlock’s hips. “I think I’ve always been yours. And, you bastard, you’re mine.” Sherlock grinned at the less romantic term of affection because he knew it carried no less love.
John looked too. It was.  “You’ll wait, yes?”
John straightened and walked to the calendar.  “Ten-forty-five, blackout,” he read aloud.  “Matthews knew about the drug drop.”
There were twenty people in the blackout room.  Several men used the cottaging holes and the slap of skin and slick mouths punctuated other sounds, like ragging breaths, moans and kisses.   The room smelled of sweat, of come and of bodies.   Every so often, a stranger’s slippery skin rubbed against Sherlock’s.  It took all his concentration to focus purely on John and his touches.
Sherlock stroked circles in the hollow of John’s back.  “Do you recognise him?”
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any other mistakes that remain continue to be mine.
John frowned.  He hated doing what Mycroft wanted. He waited until the Jaguar was out of sight before he went back inside.  When John walked into the flat, Sherlock was feeding Rosie.   John squeezed his shoulder by way of apology and ordered takeaway curry for dinner.  He poured two glasses of Kingfisher, set the table and watched his daughter and his best friend interact.   His blood pressure dropped little by little.  His ghosts returned to the shadows.
Sherlock wanted John Watson. He wanted him body and soul.  Thus far, he’d tried to be the sort of man John might consider engaging with in a romantic capacity.  It was hard work. Sherlock knew his deductive abilities were impeded by constant attempts to say or do the right thing.  He lapsed more often than he wanted to admit. It was time, then, to re-focus.
“You were misinformed,” Sherlock replied. “So, did you interrupt or just start an orderly queue?”
“I don’t belong to anyone, John,” Sherlock replied.  “If it were imperative that I must belong to someone, I suppose it would be you.”
“And what would you say Tyler’s job was, if you were pushed?” Sherlock asked.
“Now you wake up,” John replied. He let go of Sherlock, who twitched, rolled off the bed, and smacked his head off the floor with a sickening thud.  “Fuck.”
“People have sex in hopicals all the time.” John waved his hand emphatically.  “Even the patients.”  He laughed at his own joke.  The nurse bit her lip. The porter legged it.  “S’like the mile-high club ‘cept it’s not.”
“John, we don’t have time for this,” Sherlock said.  John was the only man he’d ever allowed in his bedroom. He didn’t want anyone else, including Nathan, in here.
Sherlock yawned as he stuffed a pillow into a clean case.  John tucked in the last layer of sheets and blankets.  He stood.
“Yeah.” John fumbled through his pockets for his mobile. “I’ll just get onto Lestrade, shall I?”
“You visit Doubles too?” Sherlock asked.  A faint tremor shivered across Candlar’s fingers.  Sherlock narrowed his gaze and thought about stimulants.
She still sobbed, quietly, but it was if the energy had disappeared from her system in a matter of seconds.
Sherlock pressed giggling kisses along the inside of John’s thighs.  He pushed a slick finger inside against the slim vibrator and directed it to John’s prostate.
John sniggered. So too did Sherlock.
“Please,” Sherlock whispered.  “I’ve researched. This is our first time. According to the internet, everywhere says the first time is rubbish.  If this is going to be awful, then let’s get on so we get to the good stuff.”
“No, I mean I want to stop the chair. I don’t like it,” John said. “How do I stop it?”
“If I can get Aaron to think about it scientifically, I think we could have a lot of fun.”
“I know the middle door is the main room,” John said.  “Do you want to have a look in there, first?”
“Shhh,” Sherlock murmured into John’s ear.  “Relax, doctor,”
“Morning love,” John appeared in the fog sat in a very large bath. “How are you?”
Lestrade’s jaw dropped. He took a pair of latex gloves from his desk drawer and removed the note. He unwrapped it. Sherlock dropped the pieces of the sex toy back into the evidence bag.  Sally resealed the bag.  Lestrade lay out the note on his desk.
“I’ll help,” Shaw said so quietly Sherlock almost didn’t hear it.  “I’ll help.”
“You feel so good,” John said.  “I love this feeling. I’m just full. It’s like I can feel your cock throb inside me.  I’ve never known anything this erotic, this wonderful.”  He raised his body up with equal slowness.  “I love fucking you.”
“I’ve just done what I always do; I told you the result of my observations and my deductions. Oh, and try not to swear in front of Rosie. I expect her vocabulary will increase exponentially at this stage. Mrs Hudson won’t be impressed if she hears Rosie say ‘fuck’.
Sherlock looked down at John. He had drool and precome on his chin and therefore looked utterly edible. Sherlock sat up and kissed him immediately. “I mean, I know I’m too old to be jealous of, presumably, a young man’s penis,” John continued when his mouth was free again. “But I am. Jealous of young men’s penis’ generally, I mean.”
Sherlock turned and smiled when John walked in carrying Rosie.  He’d been waiting for John to arrive.  His day had been spent reading Scotland Yard’s interviews of Langridge’s occupants and clientele from Monday.   He sat with a list in hand of the people he wanted to interview himself. However, yesterday had taught him that he should speak to John beforehand.  For the first time, the pieces of the puzzle were at least close at hand, even if they weren’t about to click into place.
“You don’t waste time, do you?” Tyler said. He yawned.  “Since it’s you… We think Daniels took receipt of drugs from the Marquês indirectly. He didn’t smuggle himself and he wasn’t involved in anything other than distribution on these shores.  He did, however, put up a few boys the Marquês trafficked in from Africa.  We got them out a while ago. Since then, I’ve mostly been involved in monitoring the drugs coming in and where they were distributed.”
“It’s Friday, Sherlock,” John said.
“Fine.  We’ll see you up there.” Lestrade shook John’s hand and then Sherlock’s.  “Break a leg and all that.”
He looked over his shoulder before he disappeared from view. “Coming?”
“Bonding. Now or later?” Sherlock asked anyway.
“I think that would be a great idea.” Nathan nodded.  “You can plot it and plan it like choreography. And, because it’s sex, it doesn’t matter if it’s not perfect. Sex isn’t ever perfect.”
“Is it stupid to say I want to keep you inside me?” John’s mouth twitched with his embarrassment.
“Me either.” John reached behind him and grabbed what Sherlock saw was a blue dildo with a suction cup at its base. Without another word, John sank to his knees, licked the base of the toy and then rammed it against the kitchen cupboard.
“Sherlock, we’ve got to see that Shirley woman in an hour,” John’s voice filtered through the door.  “You need to get your arse up. I hope you’re decent because I’m going to bring you in a cup of coffee in a minute.”
“Stop.” Sherlock held up his hand.  “I realised, when Mycroft put the wedding licence in my hand, while you were under the influence of drugs and talking about jiggy-jiggy, that it didn’t scare me.  I never expected this. I thought you’d tell me it was time one day and we’d go to the registry office and get it done. I didn’t think, well, I didn’t think you’d want to do all of this again.  Properly.” John huffed.  Sherlock took his hand. “I should’ve realised that you would.  But I didn’t think this to be my life, John.  It is odd and strange and wonderful.  I want to be with you and Rosie always.  That’s what this ring stands for.” He raised his hand with John’s ring glinting in the light.  “And this one.” Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out a green, velvet box. He slid it across the table.
Sherlock howled when another orgasm ripped through him, and the red-tinted frenzy that lived in all Alphas threatened to bloody his vision. The animal in him wanted to push John down, thrust into him over and over until he came and came, and unconsciousness took them both. Sherlock closed his eyes tight and held on to the man in his arms, breathing in the John Watson who lay beneath the flush of heat. Although Sherlock refused to give in to rut, more release seemed to flow from the last.
“My knees and thighs are fucking killing me.” John sagged even further. “Can we lay down?”
“Are you coming in with us?” the female paramedic asked Sherlock.  “What d’you think’s best for the little one?”
“I knew you were going to sodding deflect.” John grinned. “You know damned well that I fancied you from the minute we met.”
Sherlock looked at John.  “What shall we do?”
Doubles wasn’t any classier on the return visit.  Sherlock and John were asked to wait in the bar area to be entertained by a gentleman called Billy who demonstrated his ability to insert his own penis into his bottom.   Sherlock didn’t know whether to be impressed or alarmed. By the look on John’s face, he felt the same.  When Nathan, a fit-looking man with ebony skin and a warm smile, collected them from the waiting area, Sherlock bundled John out while he was mid-lecture on penile fractures.
“Secret agent Bouchard ready for duty.  Who shall I salute to?”   He was naked apart from a Royal Navy Officer’s cap. He stood with his back towards the bed and fell backwards onto the mattress.   “Would you like to help me warm the bed, Jean?”
“I’ll start to believe you.”
“I’m surprised you don’t know, druggie boy.” Fabian grinned at Sherlock.  “You and I have more than Jean in common, non?”
“Uh, uh, oh.” The tightness around Sherlock’s cock was incredible. The earlier release and slick enveloped Sherlock’s flesh inside John’s arse, as though he was fucking liquid velvet. John’s body shuddered and contracted with pleasure; he’d started on a second orgasm almost as soon as Sherlock was sheathed inside. Their combined aroma was a symphony of want, of lust, and of need.
“With Harry,” John replied. “She came and got her. I’ve just got out of the bath. My tummy hurts, I feel sick, and my arse is drooling like a sodding bloodhound.”
Sherlock giggled. He tried to talk but laughter took the place of words and soon he was almost in tears, gasping for air.
“Okay,” John replied.  He was at the driver’s cabin and banged on the door.  “Hang on,” he said into the phone and yelled his name through the door for the driver.   “Sherlock, I need to tell you that…”
Tears ran down Sherlock’s face.  John knew they weren’t real. “He has sex with a man who looks like me.”   Sherlock patted John’s knee.
Sherlock humphed with pretend displeasure. The truth was, his groin was already itchy after its unconventional shower. Sherlock scrambled to a stand on the slippery porcelain and squeaked when the first splashes of cold water hit his skin.
“Did it help?”
“I’m going to hang up and call an ambulance.”
“Me too, love, me too.”
Sherlock looked at him through his eyelashes and nodded.  John kissed his forehead.
“Just for now. Wheels are in motion, Sherlock, and Fabian here is in far more trouble than he thinks.”
“I love you,” Sherlock said. He lifted John’s leg a little and began to thrust up.  John’s body clenched around him and then relaxed.
!  Not fast enough.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock’s voice was deep and sleepy.
“Jason Liverson, 21 years of age, originally from sunny Milton Keynes,” Lestrade began.  He held his pen like a cigarette, Sherlock noted. The nicotine withdrawal was palpable.  “He fell from the third floor where he was replacing the towels in the Jacuzzi and sauna area.   Here is a list of all the customers and staff who were on the third floor at the time.”
“That eye’s going black, you know that, don’t you?”
“Twat.”
“That is the concern,” Candlar admitted. “Think Charles has some sort of codicil to his will though. I’m not sure she can. That said, Lizzie’s been helping at Langridge’s for years. The place is in her blood. I can’t see her making sweeping changes.”
Sherlock squeezed his lips together and nodded.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. “John, do you have any other questions?”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow.  He looked around the room and, from the corner of his eye, saw Fabian enter the blue area of the room.  “Come along, John.” Sherlock took hold of John’s cuff and marched them to the nearest exit.  He barely let John remove his forensics suit before he was bundled out onto the street.
“Oh!” Sherlock’s eyes and mouth opened wide as a little spot inside him bloomed with warmth and arousal. “Do that again.”
“Just one thing,” Murphy said. “That TV bloke tried to fuck me in the toilets one day. He gave me this stuff to take and I flushed it down the bog. I was about to leave and he pushed me back into a stall and tried to undo my trousers. I told him to fuck right off.  I meant to report it but Charles wasn’t in, then all the shit kicked off so I didn’t bother.”
“That would be new.”
“Anonymous voyeurism,” Sherlock noted.  When they walked back out into the central corridor, they noted two more doors at the very end of the corridor.  One was marked fire exit and, again, led onto a landing and a stairway down to the lower floors. Lestrade said he’d noted where the steps ended on his previous jaunt downstairs and was confident his officers would block egress on the night.
Sherlock climbed onto the bed and urged John to lift his legs and hips. Sticky slick oozed from John’s hole and, when Sherlock pushed a finger inside, he was open and ready. All the same, Sherlock pulled out and inserted two fingers. John’s body drew Sherlock in and in.
“Only if you make the tea,” John demanded. “And the toast.”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice filtered from the bathroom into the bedroom. “Are you awake?”
John looked at Sherlock and then down at the mattress. Sherlock’s heart hurt. He sat up, stood up and wafted his way out of bed with every ounce of attitude he had.
“Close your eyes. Think about John.”
“Why don’t you give me your number and I’ll get John to ring you?”  Sherlock said.  The next thing John knew, he was sitting in the back of cab with Sherlock.   The wodge of cash and the disc had gone.  John looked around. There was a thick bulge in Sherlock’s coat.  John took a deep breath.  What the fuck was going on?
“Stop,” John said at the sight of 6 feet of gangly naked detective pulling himself to his feet.  “Stop.” He blocked Sherlock’s way.  “I need to figure this out,” he said.  Sherlock’s skin was pale, so pale.  His face was less open, less relaxed. Less happy. John felt like a complete and utter prick.  “Bear with me, just for a day or two?   I want to be sure for you as well as me.”
John considered pretending to be asleep. However, since Sherlock had pretty much carried John to bed last night, it seemed mean to do so. John pushed himself up with protesting arms. “Coming,” he called out.
“Hello, Rosie,” Mycroft said.  “Can you be quiet for Uncle Mycroft?”
“It’s just a shove in the right direction.”
“You worked as a prostitute at first?” Sherlock asked.  He looked at John, an unspoken question hung between them.   John knew that Sherlock wondered just how many of the men he’d slept with.
Otherwise, I'm sorry I'm late posting.  It's been an odd sort of day.  I did make Bokkeumbap (also known as Kimchi Fried Rice) for dinner though. It was okay. My other half loved it. I do, however, feel virtuous for eating all that cabbage (mine wasn't fermented cabbage.  Maybe that would have been better. I'm not sure. Either way, it was a fuckload of cabbage). Be glad you're not in my house tonight with two women who have IBS who've eaten a ton of cabbage.  The scented candles have a lot of work to do.
“Sherlock, you need to see this,” John said as he held the card.
Sherlock’s death had broken John.  He wasn’t proud of the fact that Sherlock’s loss had hit him harder and deeper than anyone before.  Sherlock had given John the life he needed, the life he thought he was incapable of after he lost his life in the forces.  As a medical man, John had helped his men, had even helped sick relatives.  To not be able to stop the suicide of his best friend had been simply and utterly tragic. Sherlock’s death had been so wrong, so unexpected, so ridiculous, that it plunged John into a morass from which he’d thought he would never emerge.
“Oh, fucking hell, God, bloody Jesus.”
“Sorry.  You’re just making me angry, Johnny.  You’ve loved Sherlock forever and you’ve got such a stick up your arse about it.”
“Fine,” Sherlock replied and reached up for John.
Mentally, John coloured Fabian’s brown eyes into that greyish-bluey-green colour he knew so well.  A sharp suck cleared his mind.  Fabian might not be the world’s only consulting detective, but he was world-class at giving blowjobs.  John tilted his head up and opened his eyes. The ornate, white ceiling was a long way above him. This really was a beautiful building for a whore-house
“Feeling unwell, Mr Holmes?” John unbuttoned his shirt.
“A man from Grindr said it’d make you want me.”
“Langridge’s, of course. You may take a break from the laundering case, unless you’ve managed to connect it to the Marquês de Evora
Sherlock chuckled.  “I had gathered that that was the case.”   He staggered back to his feet.
“I want to reassure you, John, that I have excellent control,” Sherlock said. He walked over to the bed and sat down next to John. “More than many Alphas. Maybe all others. I don’t know. But won’t hurt you.
“I practice edging when I masturbate, John,” Sherlock mumbled.  “I find it interesting to see how long I can last and how it changes the intensity of the eventual orgasm.”
Daniels screamed. He found Mycroft’s number and video-called him.  Mycroft was quick to answer. Daniels threw himself into the seat next to the agent.   “If you’ve got no one on this train, you lying bastard, who the fuck is this?” He tilted the phone to bring the agent into view.
“It’s as simple as that?” Fabian put his hand over Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock, are you attracted to me?” John crossed his legs. His V-neck jumper was dark blue, and it made John’s eyes look like stormy seas. John’s hair shone silver and gold in the strengthening spring sunlight. Sherlock had loved John Watson for so long that unrequited love was now just another facet of his personality.
“Leave it there!” John smacked Sherlock’s hand away. The sound of heavy boots on stairs hammered through the old walls and up into 221B.  John immediately restrained Sherlock, who was attempting to get up off the floor, hampered by his trouser bondage. “You’ve hurt your nose, and now your head, and stop sodding moving! I’m warning you, I will put you in a headlock if you don’t stop wriggling.”
John raised his eyebrows and shook his head.
“Always.”
“Course you don’t,” Lestrade added with a shake of the head. “Just remember that John’s already had a gun pointed at his head this week.  I don’t want anyone pulling the trigger.”
Sally sat down next to him. She took his hand and squeezed it.  “You’ve also recently lost your wife and dealt with your sexuality being a bit different than you expected.  You chose to deal with that not by fucking every man or woman in the vicinity, but by going to a classy brothel where there’s HIV testing and everyone uses condoms. You did that to make sure that your little girl would keep her daddy for a long time.  You’ve fallen for the man who is a second daddy to your daughter. There is no one better to be by her side or yours, even if I do think he’s a freak.” Sally smiled.  “He won’t risk it by using drugs and neither of you will risk your relationship by exposing too much in that room at Langridge’s.  You don’t have to have sex. You’ve just got to be a bit fruity with each other.”
“Widowed.”
“You’re almost out,” John said.  “I can feel leakage.”
“You could ask me to make love to you.” John slicked up two fingers.
The kiss was brief and self-conscious.
“Which is where Daniels has been hiding. His grandmother lives in Lisbon.  I’ll get in touch with the Portuguese authorities, see if they have any intel.  I may have leverage if I offer help with the Marquês.”
John thought about Sherlock.
The next thing out of the box was a mobile phone.  The battery would be long dead but since the box that contained the phone was still shrink wrapped, it was clearly unused.  John threw it on the desk.
John washed up after dinner. He didn’t hear Sherlock come back downstairs after he’d put Rosie to bed.  The first John was aware of his presence was when Sherlock appeared close behind him. Sherlock’s hip bones nudged against his lower back and his arms wrapped around John’s waist.  That silky smooth, dark chocolate voice breezed against his ear.
“Shush.”
“You fell asleep on me last night.”
Mary had gone shopping on the morning of John’s heat, and when she returned he was in its full throes. She’d found John in the bedroom, on all fours, his Alpha dildo already inside him as he frantically tried to satiate his aroused body. John hadn’t seen the paper shopping bag until it crinkled when Mary sat down.
John raised an eyebrow but, before Sherlock spoke, Donovan came over.
“I’m quite tired today, what with the danger and everything. Normally, if anything, I’d say I’m normally perkier.  And you love me.  Bad luck.”
John pushed a knee between Sherlock’s legs and thrust against him. The slipperiness heightened the feeling when their bodies rocked together. John wriggled his hand between their bodies to align their cocks.
“Do you have to?” Mycroft asked under his breath. No one replied.
Lestrade grabbed his cuff.  “Speak to Bouchard tonight.  Don’t bring John into this.”
Lesley nodded. “I’ll just get a selection of hats for you, shall I?”  She disappeared out of a doorway behind the counter.   Sherlock immediately leant over and retrieved Shaw’s mobile phone.  He tapped at it ferociously and then slipped it back down on the counter just before she entered the shop again.
John put his head back on Sherlock’s shoulder and closed his eyes.  “Save me,” he whispered.  “I don’t think I can cope with this.”
“Who?”
John led Sherlock out of Langridge’s and into the bright summer sunshine.
“No.”
“Well, me and Sh-Aaron don’t have sex!”  John stroked Sherlock’s back.  He snuck a sneaky look at Sherlock’s body.  His skin was smooth, save for the mess of scars from his ‘dead’ years. His pants were black and didn’t give much away.
Mark Tyler was sitting on a beige sofa in a beige reception room in one of the many, faceless, Home Office buildings spread around London.   John and Sherlock sat on a beige sofa opposite.  Unlike their previous meeting, Tyler seemed pleased to see them. He welcomed them both with a handshake and a broad smile.
John pulled his feet from Sherlock’s lap and clambered around to kneel in the right place. “You’re too good with those hands,” John said when Sherlock pressed into the trapezius muscles at the back of his neck.
“I want you to.”
Sherlock sat up.   “I need to see,” he said. He moved to the side, so he could see John’s fingers disappear between his arse cheeks.  “I fantasised about you preparing yourself for me.”  He watched John’s capable fingers push inside his hole and his expression go slack.  “It didn’t do you justice.”
There was an air around Mark Tyler.  He was an unexceptional man.  The vintage Rolex was gone. He wore a grey, prison issue tracksuit. His thinning dark hair and his somewhat rotund stomach seemed lessened.  His skin was pitted, a result, Sherlock thought, of teenage acne. His skin looked grey. Despite his careful treatment, given his background in Europol, Tyler was a worried man. Somehow, though, he still had charisma.
Eventually, John said, “Do you think you’ve got over treating me like I’m about to break? And I don’t mean just in the bedroom, Sherlock. It’s time, love.” John stroked Sherlock’s chest. “Just try?”
John looked at Sherlock, who slept peacefully and wished he was doing the same. Tristan squeezed his hand.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock said. “What’s happened?”
Sherlock only wore a slick sheen of lube on his cock.  He’d stroked himself just enough to remain hard in John’s absence. Sherlock wanked himself a little more, then removed his hand; he didn’t want to come before he and John touched.
“We got briefed on it,” Lestrade replied. “Sometimes cases like that give other people the courage to report people.  We only got a few. One of ‘em was a bloke who asked if we’d arrest his flatmate for using his Stork margarine to wank with.”
John sighed.  “And you know all about my situation, don’t you?”
“We’ve shammed before, John.” Sherlock shook his head.  “We can do this.”
Jacob wheeled them to the lift. Everyone was silent for the minute it took to travel down two floors. When the doors opened, all traces of hospital were gone. Jacob wheeled the bed over wooden floors which mirrored wooden panelling on the walls. The lounge doors were cushioned burgundy leather, and the stark strip lighting made way for wall lights that emitted a dimmer glow. Jacob came to a stop outside one of the red doors.
“Put your fingers in me,” John said.  “Go on.”
“Is that what I thought it was?” John asked.
Those questions resolved, he picked up his violin.  It was time to think about murder.
“Don’t get carried away.” Donovan’s voice was low in their ears.
Sherlock gulped a big breath and searched the strange, green ghostly vision to meet John’s eyes.
“How do you know more about my child’s routine than me?”
“Comforting.  My name’s Sharan,” said the driver.  She shook his hand with difficulty. The cabin was tiny.  There wasn’t even a spare seat. “I’ve been told not to start up the train again until, like, the army or something turns up.”
Shirley Patterson was a small, dark haired woman.  In John’s mind, she looked like a mole, all myopic behind thick glasses.  Her demeanour was friendly and delighted that someone had an interested in her work.
“Are you making me think about lots of toned army men indulging in lots of illicit sex on purpose?”  Sherlock moved his head to let John reach all areas of his scalp.  “If you say things like that to me, you have to make good on the fantasies you fill my head with.”
“Hey, hey,” John said. “I don’t think that way. I’m with you now. People make too much of the whole penetration thing. If all you and me ever did was frottage, hand-jobs and blowjobs, I would be perfectly happy because I’m with you. I’d be happy to be with you if we never had sex. I’ve still got my left hand, mate.”
“There’s nothing to mend,” John replied.  “Look, lots of gay men find anal tricky. It’s not a big deal as far as I’m concerned, but it is a good cover story.”
Sherlock’s now open, wet hand was brim-full of John’s slick and he used it to lube his cock. He lifted John’s legs beneath his arms, lined up his cock and drove inside. Still desperate, John’s heat-addled body convulsed around the new, welcome intrusion. Sherlock had almost come, untouched, from fisting John and now he
Thank you also to Pantera72 for checking my French and giving me a couple of key phrases, thus making me look far smarter than I really am.
John handed him the briefcase with the receiver for the mics and the transmitter for the earpieces.  Bailey opened the case, removed the equipment and turned on the receiver.
So... remember the butt plug found under the chair at Langridge's in the first chapter?  It's making a reappearance. I feel I should have given it a name. Maybe 'The Malcolm' or something.  After all, we all know the time-old adage, the key to a man's murder is found up another man's bottom.  What do you mean, that's not a saying?  It is in my house.  (It isn't. Not even remotely.)
And that was what Sherlock had done. He’d scrunched John’s shirt against his face and pretended the lips around his cock were John’s. Pretend John had wrapped a hand around the root of Sherlock’s cock and taken as much of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth as he could. Slowly, Sherlock’s orgasm had started to near and he grabbed Ian’s short hair and imagined it was John’s. Ian had sucked, and swirled and sucked some more, and, eventually, Sherlock had started to pulse. Immediately, Ian had pulled away, ripped off the condom, and let Sherlock come on his face.
Sherlock dropped his robe and climbed onto the bed. His cock had hardened as soon as he saw John finger fuck himself; Sherlock was ready, and, in a matter of seconds, he was inside. It felt like coming home.
“It gave you time to calm down and it gave me a minute or two to sort things out with John.  And what I hope is that when I leave in just a few moments, you and John will do some practice?”  Nathan zipped up his trousers, stood and rammed the dildo in his pocket.  “My work here is done.”
“Not at all,” Sherlock replied. “Just a check-up, I think.”
“Not good for the gut or the digestive process unless you have diarrhoea,” John said. “We won’t be doing that.”
“What might I deduce, John, from your current position and state of undress?” Sherlock asked. He took off his jacket and hung it in his wardrobe.  If his fingers shook, he certainly wasn’t going to tell John.
“I phoned Mr Langridge last night and he agreed to pop that up,” Lestrade said.  “That way we can have a good look around without being disturbed.”
“If there was blood, I would stop.  I’ve had an anal fissure, thanks very much. I’d like to make sure that we’re as careful as we can be.  Besides, I think that since Aaron is really worried about the anal, we’re a way away before there’s any real hard, pounding sex.”
“And you’re the only person I would trust with my life,” John agreed. “But, I want to know if want a bonded relationship with me? And, of course, if you’re not willing to be Rosie’s father too then you’re not the bond-mate for me.” John tilted his chin in challenge.
“Nice knickers.”
“You’re in hospital, John. You’ve just had an operation.”
“It’s true though. You went to a hooker to learn how to shag him so you didn’t upset him, but you’ll happily shaft him emotionally.  If he relapses it’s your fault.”
“I don’t know when it changed,” Fabian said.  “I learned Candlar did very bad things.  I knew it when Brandon owed us money.  But I don’t think Kevin is in charge. And Candlar is not brave enough to kill, Jean.  I know it. He’s a druggie and he is an arsehole, but he’s not a killer.  I think it is Tyler who kills, yes?”
“Works for me,” John replied.  “Now, for God’s sake get me to a shower before we’re superglued together forever.”
“Fuh-uh,” Sherlock moaned. “That’s a little sensitive, doctor.”  His hips lifted and he pushed even further forward to give John easier access.
John thought. He’d found Fabian annoying since the Jason’s death. Was it because Fabian was different? Or was it because, in the cold light of day, he realised that Fabian’s resemblance to Sherlock was barely even skin deep.
Lestrade, who was still furious, was less than impressed at losing yet another suspect to Mycroft. However, once he spoke to the officer who sat in Piero’s interview, he was at least happy that Fibonacci was not his murderer and that he should be under some level of protection.   When John also told him that he’d given them a lead on finding out more about Mark Tyler, Lestrade cheered up considerably.
“No need to apologise,” Sherlock said. “I think we’re done here.”
“Oh, you wicked man,” John said to Sherlock.  “This looks ducking amazing.”
Sherlock crawled over him.  John let go and hitched his legs up, around Sherlock’s waist.  He clung on with slick fingers as Sherlock lined up his cock and slid in with a slow glide. John pushed up against him.  Sherlock was deep inside before he realised it.
“Stop swearing around Rosie.”
Doesn't it seem like ages since I posted the last chapter?  Two weeks of Friday posting and suddenly, Saturday seems ages away.  Even for me, and I know what's going on.  Maybe.  Anyway, thank you for everyone who has held in there with me so far. Your enjoyment of this little story makes me very happy.
“Jean, I will go with Jean only,” Fabian demanded.  Two men in black suits stood either side of Fabian.  Sherlock moved to let them take control of the Frenchman.  “I will only talk to Jean.  No one else. Only to Jean!”
Something in Sherlock’s brain flickered.  “The Marquês de Evora?  Interesting.”
“I, er, did a lot of drugs.” Sherlock felt his face colour. “It’s a bit hard to know what I did or didn’t do.”
“Are you always this perky after sex?”
Sharan lifted her head a little and looked in her side mirror again.  “I think he’s looking for something.  I bet it’s not the buffet car, whatever it is.”
John chuckled, hugged Simon and followed in Sherlock’s wake.
“And the drugs?”
“Died when I was twelve. Rosamund was fifteen. She got her own flat, finished school and she joined the army.  I was fucked,” Tyler admitted.  “No one wants to adopt a twelve-year-old kid who’s being an arsehole because he’s grieving. I was arrested for the first time when I was twelve. I didn’t even manage a year before everything fell apart. I went to twenty-seven foster homes or residential units before I was sixteen.  And I was already part of the criminal underworld.”
“One more mouthful, John.”
“So, nothing.” John cut him off. “Come here.” John leant forward, eyes on Sherlock’s lips.  The gap between them closed inch by inch until those beautiful, crooked, soft lips were against his.  John didn’t have time for tentative. He tilted his head, opened his mouth and slipped his tongue between Sherlock’s lips.   He tried to put every ounce of emotion he held into the kiss, to show his love.  It wasn’t enough, not for him and not for Sherlock. He drew back. They were still so close Sherlock was a little fuzzy.  Sherlock’s breaths ghosted over his wet lips.  “I love you,” John said, inches from another kiss. “I love you so much.”
John and Sherlock had been sat in the front room of 221B for forty minutes, silently sat in their chairs, staring into space. They’d just returned home from the former Holmes family home. Eurus would be back at Sherrinford by now, Mycroft would be in the arms of Lestrade and here, silently, Sherlock and John just sat.
“Does it matter what I say?”
“This is very intimate,” Sherlock said hesitantly. “Isn’t it?” There again was that edge, that little bit of uncertainty, that made John want to crawl inside that tight, white shirt and never leave.
“Just, just…”   John started to speak but a guttural howl took over.  John’s untouched cock shot thick spurts of come up John’s chest and the bed beneath them. His body reflexively tightened and relaxed in waves. He sagged in Sherlock’s arms.
“Well, that’s difficult to quantify, Dr Watson.” Shirley replied.  “Yes, they were then employed by Langridge’s, but their wages, like mine, are paid by members fees.”
John chuckled and motioned to their waiter who swiftly delivered dessert.   It was well-worth every second of lost romance.
Now in position, Sherlock eased his fingers back inside John.  He twisted them and nudged John’s prostate again.
“You’re gone in the head,” Harry said.  “I mean, I love you Johnny, but you’re fucking bonkers.  Don’t put it up your nose, Rosie, love.”
John’s authoritative tone woke Sherlock from his sleep. He opened his eyes. John was in a towel, here in Sherlock’s bedroom. He hadn’t left.
“That was nice,” Nathan said.  “You can use those hands as a shield or to steady each other if you’re nervous. If one of you freezes, the other can move your head with his hands.”
“Not really,” Nathan replied. “But thank you for asking.  How confident are you that all that stuff’s gone?”
“Come on, you need another shower and so do I.”
“I’m dead.”
Lestrade sighed and shook his head. Before he retorted, Myrcoft led him, Sherlock and John into an empty side room.
“Are you kidding? Unless they let me drive my train in the army, I’m staying right here. I love my train, man. Besides, they’re upgrading all the rolling stock soon. In the new ones, we get cup-holders. Why would I quit now?” She smiled. If John had been younger and not in love with his best friend, he’d have chatted Sharan up right about now.
. He knew damn well Mycroft couldn’t resist it.
“Er, I suppose I want you?”
“It’s been a bore as normal, Mycroft,” Sherlock shouted as he swept out of the room and out of the Diogenes.
“I don’t think I will,” John huffed. A little voice in his head yelled, ‘
Sherlock rubbed his face.  He was still trying, in vain, not to think about John when his mobile rang.
“Clearly the people who use the penis holes can stand behind the couches,” Sherlock noted. “We should find out how people get into the arse area.”
Sherlock nodded.  John smoothed out the pillow, put it on the bed and climbed back in.
“My suggestion is that you set up a camera in here,” Nathan said. “Go through your moves and then watch the tape. You just wanna check you know how much you’re showing.  A couple of dry-runs with a camera, and you’re all set.”
“The dildo vibrates, John. I think that will do the work for you adequately.” Sherlock slipped his fingers between the cheeks of John’s arse. The handle of the butt plug nestled there was slippery with slick that had leaked out around it. “Are you ready?”
“Normally me,” Simon replied. “Why?”
“Sure?”
“And Candlar is a pimp for Daniels’ drugs.” Piero’s eyes filled with tears.  “Once Fabby found drugs, I lost him.  He needed money and he knew how to earn it.  And then I was stuck in London and so I went back to what I knew also.”
“Yes!” Sherlock confirmed before he dragged John up the bed and held him close, so their faces were almost touching. “Stop faffing and penetrate me, John. If you don’t hurry, I’m going to pin you down and do it myself. Just. Fuck. Me.”
John raised an eyebrow and started to unbutton his shirt. “I don’t want to get wet, do I?”
“Do you want to talk?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  “Since there’s been another murder, surely it’s obvious that we’ve not found the killer.”
“This is shit,” said one of the men on the sofa.  He had ginger hair and wore an Anthrax t-shirt.  “If this is what passes for VIP entertainment, can you imagine what it’s like in the main lounge?”  He hooted with laughter.
John paused. “Is this waterproof make-up?”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He got up and readied himself to sleep, touched when John followed him. They stood side by side at the sink and brushed their teeth. They got in bed, and John curled up at his side, head on Sherlock’s chest. All the same, Sherlock couldn’t quite shake the notion that he’d wake up alone. He thought about it for a long time but, eventually, drifted off to sleep.
“It’s most unsettling, brother dear, that Dr Watson has chosen to do his disappearing act now.” Mycroft put the letter down.  “The case is coming to a crucial stage. It’s hardly good timing.”
John stood, stretched out his neck, and then got to his knees.   Sherlock’s breath hitched when John kissed the inside of his thighs and ran his strong fingers up Sherlock’s calves.
Sherlock’s eyes blinked open as if John’s presence had awoken him from a deep sleep. John bent over and kissed his forehead. “I missed you,” John whispered against Sherlock’s warm, clear skin. Sherlock's nose looked better. Well, it was clean and there wasn't loo roll shoved up it anymore.
From his place beneath the covers, John had an eyeline view of Sherlock’s dick. It looked painfully hard. For all his embarrassment, he was, at least, relatively pain free, so he sighed and lowered the covers. Sherlock smiled, confused and earnest. John leant up and gave him a warm, soft kiss.
“Now, let’s get some ground rules sorted.” John’s hands drifted to his crotch, and Sherlock knew he was trying to resist the urge to touch himself. “I will not accept you dragging me around, lifting me or treating me like a sex doll. I am a human being and I expect to be regarded as such.”
,” Nathan said. “I’m going to be honest with you, I’m a power bottom. I hardly ever top. I’m also not the sort of guy who’s just ready for sex. Some men can go to the toilet and know that everything will be okay.” Sherlock looked up.  “I’m not.” Nathan continued. “I don’t like anal to be messy and I need to get ready first. It’s fine. Colin, are you okay with anal?”
The two weeks that followed disappeared in a flurry of activity. Lestrade had turned up with a case, which had been at least a seven on the Sherlock-o-meter. John had called it an eight, but Sherlock demurred. After all, the murderer had turned out to be the husband and that, since the victim was female and, therefore, statistically more likely to be killed by her partner than anyone else, warranted its downgrade. It was only
“What the fuck?”  Mark Tyler shouted.  He dropped backwards and his cock fell free from where it’d been buried in Fabian’s backside.  “What’s going on?”  He put his hand to his head and wobbled on his feet.  Then, with no further warning, he bent over and vomited violently.
Before Sherlock and John left the club, they went to see Simon to find out where Langridge’s got their lubricant and who had access to it.  John was sure that the lube he’d used at the club was a different brand to the one that killed Cox.  Simon confirmed it.
“Would you go and have a shower?”  Nathan bit his lip.
“Bouch
Sherlock screamed.
“What part of me begging you to get your cock in me suggests I’m not ready?”
“He will be okay, won’t he?”  Sherlock said.  He wasn’t even sure he’d said it until he heard Mycroft’s voice catch.
“Before,” Sherlock replied.
“Not mine.”
Sherlock grasped the end of the butt plug buried deep inside John and moved it.  John’s sharp intake of breath told him he discovered the right spot.
“I’m almost there,” John whispered. His eyes opened wide as his orgasm approached and Sherlock met his gaze with unspoken emotion. Then, and only then, did Sherlock’s movements become a faster and firmer, though each delicious thrust brushed against John’s prostate.
“Well, this daddy at least,” the paramedic winked.
“Harris’ Safe Deposit, Box 342.” Sherlock took the keys.  Mycroft clung onto them for a moment.  “If you need anything,
“She’s only a child!” Mycroft said.  “Please, don’t hurt her.”
“I could be wrong, but I’d guess that everyone was too busy fucking.” John raised an eyebrow and looked at Sherlock, who sighed.  “They all left, probably locked up afterwards and they’ve not been back since.  Yesterday was Sunday, perhaps they were shut.”
“Ah, Mycroft,” Sherlock said as he opened the door.  “John and I were just discussing why a perfectly sane and not particularly dangerous Europol agent would be being kept in a high-security prison for the most troubled of souls.  Would you care to comment?”
“Nathan specialises, like me. He takes secret jobs from therapists and psychiatrists.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Piero continued, “Ladies with vaginismus get sent to prostitutes sometimes.  Some gay men worry that they do not like anal. If it is important enough, a therapist tells patient to see someone like me or Nathan. Nathan sees only single peoples, but I will ask him to take you two on for me if I can get my phone back. And don’t worry, he’s very quiet.  Therapists would not use him if he was not a man who holds secrets.”
“God, Sherlock.” John reached back with one hand to work his cock again, and his hips met each of Sherlock’s thrusts. “I’m close, really close.”
“That’s not what I asked.” John frowned and closed his eyes for a moment. He took a deep breath and opened his eyes, focusing once more on Sherlock. “I’m asking if you have any sexual or romantic attraction towards me.”
“How many times can you come?” John tipped his hips back and forth, using his muscles to milk Sherlock’s cock. “I want you to fill me up until it’s leaking out around your knot because I can’t hold anymore. I love feeling full, Sherlock. I want it all. Every bit of you.”
“You said you needed to see us?”  John said. He tickled Rosie until she let go of Molly’s nose.
“If you come with me now, I’ll soap you up.”  Sherlock sat up and climbed out of the bed.
“Harder!” someone demanded from elsewhere in the room.
After they’d made their way between the tables, they reached the second area. The space was mostly empty and eight shiny chrome poles were installed from the high ceiling to the floor.  Sherlock deduced that this was a stage where boys danced for potential clients.   Beyond the dancefloor was a low, glass bricked wall that created the boundary into the final space.
Lestrade nodded and began to scribble into his notebook.
“And where were you at the moment in question?”  Sherlock wanted to go home and watch John sleep and stop him from ever paying for sex ever again.
), and it was Sherlock who came first, white skin over flesh turned rigid, those eyes that shone like the moon on stormy nights searched John’s face and found love, only love, which tipped John over the edge until he clung to pale shoulders, left purple-red crescents with blunt fingernails, as he roared his climax and clung on, before heavy breaths turned to even, steady, slow, steady, slow, they slipped back into their former sleeping positions, (steady-slow, steady-slow) and, once again, eyelids fluttered closed and heartbeats aligned; they surrendered into sleep.
“Will you tell me what happened?” Sherlock said, and, oh, the changing look he gave. John was used to Sherlock’s ever-shifting expression when he deduced but sometimes it still shocked him, all those realisations and emotions that flickered across his face.
“But then we’d know if you could take even more, John.”
“Yes, yes,” John whispered over and over as he was slowly filled.
Sherlock repositioned himself so both his legs were between John’s. When John called out, Sherlock pressed their lips together and swallowed his pleasure. In a matter of moments, John’s hole had loosened, and Sherlock pulled out and pushed three fingers back in.
“Bullshit,” Daniels interrupted. “I saw him at Langridge’s. He was there when that stupid boy fell off the landing.  I know you sent him there to spy on me.”
(And, for all my cautious wording, I am not a Mary hater per se. I think there are flaws with the portrayal of all women in Sherlock, save for, perhaps, Mrs Hudson. That is not unusual; the TV and film industry is dominated by men, so we can't be surprised if they're not always great at writing female characters. I'm being very polite; just don't get me started on the portrayal of Irene Adler... Unless you want to hear a rant on how lesbians are represented by men, and, in which case, just say the word!)
“I’m so sorry, so sorry, I’m not going to last.”  Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tight and arched his neck. The vibrator was against the underside of his cock, rubbing his fraenulum and buzzing the head.  It was almost much too much but far too good to stop.  Sherlock clutched John’s hips and fucked him with firm, fast strokes.
“Just left the country, apparently. Won’t be back for several days. Murphy’s in Liverpool.  Conveniently dying mother.”
“You stay there, Dr Watson,” Jacob said. “You let Jacob take care of you.” He draped their clothing over the foot of the bed, then let off the brake. “Could I take the remote from you, Mr ‘Olmes?” Sherlock handed it over and Jacob pressed a few buttons and the hospital room doors swung open.
“Almost there,” John said a little louder.   He released Sherlock’s fake cock and focussed on his own.  His hand blurred with rapid strokes.  His faked orgasm was illustrated with quiet little grunts.  Sherlock smiled. It was far too quiet to be real.  John sagged against him.  “I’ll wait a sec, then drop.  Can you wipe some of the lube off your dick?”
The Lounge comes equipped with sex toys. Of course.  And there's breakfast and there's heading back to Baker street. Oh, and some more smut. Just a soupcon.
“So, I decided,” John continued, “that I’d do something a little different.” John took hold of Sherlock’s hands and pulled them around him, until John’s arse was in his hands.  “What might you deduce there?”   Sherlock caressed the skin beneath his fingertips and then moved inward, into the crease and, oh,
“Don’t be ridiculous, John,” Sherlock said. “They have a live feed straight into their front room.”
Lestrade looked nervous.
“You like sex toys then?” John passed the strawberry lube to Sherlock, who used it to slick the hand wrapped around the base of John’s cock.
“John’s hardly a suspect.  Bouchard is not my priority.”
John smiled. His respiratory rate was high, his heart beat loud in his ears and every muscle seemed… Ow.
“Oh God,” John whimpered.   “That’s good.  So good.”
The first thing that struck John about Doubles was volume.  Langridge’s was quiet, serene and calm; Doubles was an aural assault on the senses.  A Britney Spears song rolled across the stained, beige carpet, and spotlights changed the colour of the white walls from blue to green and red, yellow then purple. The building smelled of sweat, spunk and soiled gym socks.
“Are you well?” he asked.  “I heard that you found the man who killed Jason. I can’t thank you all enough.”  He released John and threw his arms around Sherlock who stood rigid as he was embraced. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but a faint blush spread across his cheeks.  He was, John knew, rather touched by Simon’s effusive thanks.   Even Lestrade allowed himself to be pulled into Simon’s arms.
Rosie was taken straight to Resus where she was monitored. The doctor then told them that he wanted her to be under observation overnight and that she’d be taken to a children’s ward. Thankfully, Mycroft was on the ball and made sure that John and Sherlock could stay with her overnight. Arguably, it was unnecessary for them both to be there, but Rosie was happy and the nurses seemed pleased to have parent-doctor to monitor his child along with them. A specialist came in and told them it wouldn’t be a bad thing for Rosie to have EpiPens prescribed when she took antibiotics again, as well as antihistamines and steroids. They also put her on IV antibiotics for the skin infection she’d been suffering from originally. Sherlock and John watched Rosie unblinkingly when the new drugs were fed into her. Thankfully, there was no reaction.
“I work as a scientist,” Sherlock added.  “At Bart’s. I tend to be quite scientific in my thinking, as a result.  Colin’s a doctor. We both think in a scientific way.”
“You know what, Sally, I fucking hate this case.” John sat down at the conference table inside the room.  “I hate everything about it.”
The kiss was downright lascivious. John’s tongue was inside Sherlock’s mouth, making him whimper by sucking Sherlock’s tongue in a manner that implied far more. Within seconds, Sherlock’s body was arching upwards, searching for friction, searching for John.
“Paracetamol.” John passed Sherlock two white pills from the bedside table. “Water.” He handed Sherlock a glass. “Up now, so I can have a quick look at your bruises before you hop in the shower. The eye doesn’t look as bad as it might’ve.”
“At what, John?”
Hands-on, it seemed, meant that John and Sherlock should be naked apart from their pants, and that it involved them touching with every comment they made.  Sherlock, under the guise of Aaron Sommers, had booked them in to see Piero Fibonacci, who specialised in couples’ sexual therapy.   According to Sherlock, this was the best possible way to get some insight into any role the staff of Doubles might have played in the murders at Langridge’s.
