“How—how is the baby?” Dean asks, standing, and approaching the shepherd. Castiel looks slightly happier at the mention of him—apparently speaking of the Kline boy is conversation absolutely welcomed. He lowers the small bundle in his arms so that Dean can catch sight of him. His nose is rosy. All of him is wrapped tight and safe in the humble cloths Castiel must have set aside for him.
the mark was Demon?” Gabriel asks, leaning forward from where he sits. It’s less out of interest and more out of worry.
Castiel is surprised by the frankness of his once-best friend’s words. He peers, hard, at Dean for a moment.
“Well. Now it’s an appointment,” Castiel answers. Dean blinks with a huff of laughter. “Don’t miss it.”
Gabriel had grown so irritated that he had snapped out of his daze, the torches lighting the room bursting upwards for a moment in his anger, orange fire spitting from Gabriel’s eyes.
“Almost as delicious?” Cas cocks his head, obviously insulted. Dean huffs another laugh and curls into Cas’s frame. “Almost as delicious as my
which at least Dean understands, and repeats, mumbling the words out when Gabriel and the rest move past him.
He wakes in the afternoon the next day. Miracle has found him, sniffs at his face, wagging his tail. Dean reaches out a weary hand to ruffle at the dog’s fur. He watched the wall all through the night, but around 6AM his body must’ve given in. He passed out on the floor. He wonders when it is he’s gonna be able to sleep in a bed again. How would it have felt, to share a bed with Cas? Arms bound around the warm frames of each other’s bodies, breath sweet and hot on skin, noses grazing necks, words whispered like prayer in the air between them… Different, worlds removed, from waking up on the cold floor, body cramping from the hard surface, neck cricked, heart heavy as ever. Sometimes grief is like dread. He retains this dim sense of anxiety, irrepressible, that something’s about to go wrong—but something already
“It didn’t ruin fishing for me, if that’s what you’re asking,” Dean says. “It actually—it could be pretty beautiful. Looking over big, green, still waters. Sitting quietly, waiting for something to catch. Gives you perspective. Time to really think. Those… Those were the times I felt most accepted by him.”
They stare at each other. The sun has set. Cas’s tongue dips out his mouth to lick his creased lips, pale rose and now… and now wet.
“Don’t talk to me about trust,” Dean rises, shaking his head bitterly. “Fuck all of you—fuck the Angels in their mountains and you Humans in your courts and the Demons across the sea. You’d all see me dead, if you could—only apparently doing that would mean burning the whole fucking world down, so—”
“God, Cas, calm down. It’s everything. The whole package.” Dean grins, Castiel wrinkles his nose. “That’s you, Cas. The whole package.”
Had this been said playfully, and by a friend, Mary would have burst out laughing and pushed them teasingly, rolling her eyes and returning the shot as quickly as it had been fired with something twice as witty and nowhere near as crude. As it was, she felt nearly like crying, and her face heated to a temperature hotter than the sun, her eyes burning.
he repeats, shaking his head. “Ellen, you know Sammy can’t cook for shit.” Sam frowns at the assessment, but can’t exactly
“Oh, right—well, it was one of the first times she managed to counter a blow. She pushed me right back—I wasn’t expecting it, see—against one of the stones. And my sword struck it, but it was a blunt sword, and it wasn’t
He remembers the steady unsteady rebuilding that took place that day. And every day since. He remembers Claire’s face as Dean told her she was meant to be
“It would be,” Dean sighs a moment, pausing, and the ghost of a wistful smile glances at his features. “Beautiful,” he decides. “Dawn, every morning, across a perfectly still sea. That’s what I would wake up to. And then a new land—can you imagine? A new country, glittering like the dawn?”
“Why?” Castiel squints, tilting his head to the side. He screws up his face, however subtly, as he regards Dean, who tries not to find the look
It’s an impossible commitment; one that Castiel should know better than to make, but right now, he doesn’t care. Dean’s fingers wander tentatively at first, into his feathers, and Castiel sighs at the touch. He’s always loved Dean’s hands against his wings.
“Any particular reason that you need the company?” The knight asks with a frown. Dean snorts out a despondent laugh before he can stop himself.
She curtsies again and leaves quickly. Dean watches her turn down the corridor. She glances back only once, but it sends something smug coursing through Dean’s system.
“I returned home,” he says at last, “when word reached me—eventually—that each of my younger siblings had contracted smallpox. I returned too late, and could care for them only in their last. I watched them die.” Dean’s chest becomes a vacuum to sorrow as Cas speaks. The shepherd’s eyes are awash with trouble, a murky sea after a storm. “All but one, a half sister, who was not yet born, but close enough to it. My father remarried in my absence. Her mother died in labor, I helped deliver, but was not help enough—used only to sheep, and not the complications
“Or, to pick a less well-known example—Tolkien didn’t want to publish his books. Can you believe that? He wrote—and wrote amazingly—literal Epic novels, and clearly for no reason to do with wealth, or fame, or praise. He wrote languages, he made maps, his house was apparently filled with little scraps of paper with notes on about a series that all of us know the name of—even if we haven't read it. I can’t give you an inspirational talk today, insofar as ‘inspirational’ means aspirational, means me telling you that if you write a book, carve a sculpture, it
They stay out, after Ellen’s birthday, the hours stretching further toward the dawn as the sky turns from pitch and washes of navy to a deep and resonant violet. As the light encroaches, Cas removes himself, slowly, adding distance as the earth adds light. Dean notices, and frowns.
the kind of person you’d want in charge of… in charge of…” Mick scrubs at his legs a moment. “Not a good woman,” he admits, and laughs, and a little of his cocky and lighthearted veneer slips back up.
Dean sits alone in his chambers on a dim autumn evening, poring over all the matters of coin that need his attention—this has been one of the more exciting parts of his life, following his trip to Eofor wherein he was forbidden from training, from riding, even from taking a walk through the forest that has felt more like his home than the castle itself these past years… In any case, staring at parchments containing all the most important accounts of the kingdoms is at least less tedious than sitting through court, having wily, greasy advisers whisper contriving, self-preserving advice into Dean’s ear during council sessions; and far less upsetting than having to look at pale Sam, sickly from being weaned off Demon blood, or at heartbroken Ellen looking at Dean as though he has turned into some terrible, melancholic creature who will never again find happiness.
Dean’s heart aches as Cas runs his tongue against the curve of Dean’s bottom lip, as though memorising it—and Dean sighs, a moan escaping one or both of their mouths and getting trapped, muffled in the kiss—he forgets everything. He forgets the rest of the world, and his own failures, and all his pain and the heartache and misery that curls bitterly in his heart with every breath he takes. With Cas, everything is alright. Everything is more than alright.
helloooo !!! congrats to Caroline for finishing her thesis, I love you !! Well done beautiful friend, this chapter is dedicated to you <3 Proud of u !!
Ellen comes back into Dean’s room about half an hour later to check up on him. Cas still hasn’t returned. Not only is Dean starting to worry, but a dull, gnawing hollow has filled his chest. He’s pushed the Angel too far. He always does this with the people who mean the most to him. He pushes them away and shouts at them, all the while feeling nothing but sorry for himself, and inevitably they end up hating him. Everyone ends up hating him.
The Angels speak in short, trimmed words, so that Dean cannot make out their accents or even whether or not they have accents, though their sentences flow smoothly like water in a calm brook. They are almost painfully polite—Dean is used to this from citizens, being the son of the King and all, but it feels
“Are you not concerned that Ellen found our behaviour inappropriate?! That she will consider reporting what just happened—”
matter to me,” Cas says. He looks at Dean like his eyes hold the secrets to the sky above them and Castiel wants to learn how to fly.
“I’m very old,” Castiel reminds, voice quiet with the awe of a faithless man made breathless at the sudden inexplicable purity of stained glass. “And with it, very patient.”
Billie takes her award and says a few words into the mic, thanking Balthazar for believing in her, thanking the Academy Awards, and Dean takes award and is surprised by how heavy it is. He’d kind of been expecting plastic. He stands awkwardly, suddenly not sure what normal people do with their arms when they’re not
“Yes, antisocial!” John shouted back at Mary louder than she had at him. Vision blurry, she spun back around and began stomping back to Castle Eofor. “Who the
voice frayed within the single column of his throat. Human form, and longing for a human, corrupted in every way imaginable. But he has no words, not even to deny Dean speech, because longing for Dean’s speech and listening to it in the form of prayers has been all the steady ground Cas has known in this place.
“What the fuck’s this?” Dean laughs as he slips it on. “I already know you went to Cambridge, Cas, you don’t need to show off about it—”
Castiel sighs, not taking a seat on, but leaning against, his father’s old armchair, cross-legged on the living room floor. He presses his head back against the item, hard, and closes his eyes. In the hand that doesn’t hold his phone, rests an envelope that, picking it up that morning, Castiel trembled to receive and felt ill to the back of his throat. It has been the cause of a strange sense of disconnectedness for the whole day; a feeling which, in spite of itself and of sense or reason, Castiel has found himself addicted to, stroking his thumb and forefinger over a now beaten, thick, unopened envelope with near reverence—as he does inadvertently now.
The pain had been so great, that night, that Dean had stolen some of John’s whiskey and drank it, all of it, in one, two, three gulps. He’d face the consequences the next morning: of course John would notice. And he did. And he did.
always will feel. But Cas had stayed another few weeks before going to Europe to travel—staying, apparently, in Paris for a week, Rome for another, Ljubljana for a weekend, Berlin, Amsterdam, Budapest, Barcelona, Vienna—Dean heard all of it from Jimmy, who showed him the postcards Castiel sent with a delight almost suggesting Jimmy had forgotten all the hurt and cold between the two once-kindred spirits. And Cas did his PhD—and now, three years later, is
“This was a shitty idea,” Dean stands outside Castiel’s front door, body suddenly locked into position, stomach churning. “A
don’t understand. It’s like looking at a puzzle, which you’ve put together without the help of the image it should be, and seeing several missing pieces. And you don’t know what they look like, you don’t know where each would go individually, though you can see which places are empty. But you don’t know what they, or what the puzzle itself, should or would look like, when complete. It’s strange, not knowing yourself, and knowing you don’t know yourself because something which should have been there, never was. Or was, and then wasn’t. But it wasn’t there long enough for you to know or understand it. That’s how I feel about my mom. If I imagine her face, I can only see the characteristics, not the character. If I imagine her voice, I can only think of the memories I knew were memories when I first encountered them—you know? I can only recall by recalling those times I tried to remember.
Dean turns and switches off the lamp beside Castiel’s bed. Castiel falls asleep and dreams of lightning over green and gold waters. When he wakes up, his arm is over Dean’s chest and it dances with something other than just pins and needles.
All that he had with Cas was all he will ever get: fourteen years of longing for a kiss that destroyed them both.
“We have eagles, too. Many Angels train them. And some Angels believe there are phoenixes, deeper in the mountains—and that Angels are their descendants, or vice versa.” Castiel states—and he immediately loathes himself for it—it’s as though he’s trying to
He races through the bunker. Sam gives up on bugging him, asking what’s wrong. Dean pulls out piles of books and racks his brain for anything Jack might’ve said he saw in the cabin.
“Actually,” he sighs, and tries to make it sound as sincere as possible, “maybe I should. It’d probably be good for me to get out the house,” he looks up at Michael pointedly, communicating an
“It’s not in my nature to indulge the dreary egos of human fault and virtue,” Gawaine replied dolefully. “So I fear that I shall have to stop myself there.”
“Cas,” Dean bends down to peer earnestly into Castiel’s eyes because Castiel has pressed his gaze pointedly to the floor to cover the embarrassment of crying. Castiel tries to look away. Dean takes a hold of Castiel’s hands. “Are you okay? Why are you crying?”
“Don’t tell Sam, yet?” She asks, weakly. “Or anyone else, for that matter. I just—I hate the idea of all that…” she makes a face. “Fuss. Sympathy. I don’t know. And I worry about Sam. Want to make sure he’s in a real steady place, before I break this kind of news to him.”
“No,” Dean raises his voice, anger flaring, “no more of your stupid—your damn—your ridiculous folk, pagan, whatever you want to call it, magic potions—”
Dean can remember being told that Angels can live for thousands of years—some people actually said forever, if an Angel wanted to. But how could that even be possible? How could something live
“My name’s Harvelle, by the way,” she says brightly. “Joanna Beth. Everyone calls me Jo. You can, too—this house is strange. You won’t find much cause to call me Miss, so don’t. And Mr Singer’s sure to be around, soon. He likes to feed the birds himself.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Mick says, blinking. Dean snorts, and Mick takes his leave. Jo falls asleep at the table, cheek resting on her hand, and Sam begins playing a game of seeing how many sprigs of lavender he can stick into her hair before she wakes up. Eighteen. Jo wakes and curses him and takes the game as a good sign that she ought to turn to bed, and sleep there. This is what she does. Sam, apparently bored, follows suit not long after. This leaves Jody, Ellen, Dean and Cas to finish off the last of the wines, and grin happily at each other, and pretend that ‘tomorrow’ is a spectre which doesn’t exist, and not a very real figure they are already dipping generously into the hours of.
“Emeralds were her favourites,” Bobby pulls out a golden wedding band with an emerald sat sweet and mellow at its centre. “But I was not a wealthy man. I worked and saved all that I had, for this. It seems so small, now…”
“You’re gonna let me process, dammit,” Dean interrupts him, frustrated, amused, breathless. “You never fuckin’ let me process.”
Castiel has a great many relatives. All of them accepted their roles as nobility, whatever these entailed, except for one.
“This is my favourite thing about shiva,” Chuck says conversationally to Amara, next to him, and Isaac Bass, in front of him. “
“What—” Dean says again. He looks up into Castiel’s eyes. Well—his eyes roam from one face to another, before settling on that face which bears the closest resemblance to a human one. “What are—who—”
“I could sort clothes?” He suggests. “Y’know, fold them, pack them. I won’t be much useful with books…”
Dean runs his hand over the firm muscle of Cas’s shoulders and down his splayed shoulderblades, dipping the tips of his fingers into the rope of Castiel’s spine. He thinks of what a lasting love this has been. He thinks of how lucky he is.
“Hello-hello,” Mick grins at Dean’s approach. “What’ve we got here? The man of the land. Ellen tells me you’ve been givin’ yourself
Castiel laughs. He laughs that warm and sun-bright laugh, that laugh that means sinking slowly into the waters of humanity and choosing to do so, repeatedly, every time, it turns out, on Dean’s account.
The colour of an Angel’s wings reveal characteristics of that Angel—like palm reading. Many of the Angel nobility have silver and gold colouring—a sign that they are destined to be great leaders, whether of armies or of kingdoms—others have yellows and oranges, and this shows that they belong in politics, as advisers, as council-members. Angels with red in their wings are great explorers and teachers, Angels with white and yellow wings are thought to be destined to cause great change. Mary would speak for hours about the many combinations of wing colours, and what they all meant about an Angel.
“You need to tell me what’s wrong,” Dean says, and stares intently at Castiel. The navy sky behind him seems to ripple in the night. The branches of trees that stretch above and around Castiel’s home sway minutely in a cool lick of breeze.
He actually finds himself in a reasonably serious relationship with a girl in his third year: she’s pretty and smart and studies Classics and likes to slide hand-written lines of Latin poems with the translation underneath over to him while they work in the café opposite King’s College. These are love poems and it makes Castiel squirm in his seat even though the sentiments they describe are not alien to him, are only alien to him in
“Just that—with you here, too, to see to tasks which Mr Singer can no longer manage, on account of his health—” Mrs Penryn fumbles.
They are led into a long, thin hall, with an arching ceiling and stained glass windows the colours of fire when fresh logs have just been placed on it, a mess of shimmering yellows and tentative oranges—it is not dissimilar to the main hall of Dean’s home; although it is far less square than Hera’s. He tries to let the odd familiarity comfort his thrumming nerves.
“I won’t be hands-on,” Jack says, softly. “Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake.” Yeah, but doesn’t Jack see? Chuck
“I should go,” Dean stands, face red. He doesn’t look at any of them. Castiel’s insides squirm, guilty and uncomfortable.
me to buy beers for her movie nights,” Dean shoots back. Claire kicks water at him. Castiel wrinkles his nose as he gets splashed. Dean and Claire’s laughter is like the sound of the surf, rough and liquid at once, and the sun in the broad embrace of the sky seems to set too quickly for the joy he feels, an eternal dawn, inside.
“It’s not all rage,” Dean finds himself saying, softly. The shepherd’s eyes change, look like the wind tossing gently at waves as he looks up at Dean. He seems suprised. Or…
“Find out,” he advises. Dean chuckles and they kiss each other, deep and slow for a moment, before Dean moves down to kiss Cas’s neck, his shoulders, back up to his lips for a moment, collar-bones, chest, a fire building up and burning him inside, blood rushing down, down, down, Dean ends up down on his knees and is kneeling in front of Castiel, looking up at him, breathing deep and palming himself, mouth watering.
Cas stirs, never a morning person, though his hands roam to find Dean’s body and, as they curl into it, Dean’s only thought is how good it feels. How very, thrillingly, unadulteratedly good. Nothing could compare—hopefully nothing ever will.
“But you brought it up. You brought it up, in relation to childhood, in relation to development, in relation to grief.”
“You met my father,” Dean answers, and can’t finish the sentence, and doesn’t want to finish the thought, and lets the words hang there, lets those words be enough.
to engage, and write notes, all the while wanting to crack his skull open against the white walls of the kitchen. He wishes Anna goodbye when, another hour later, she hops down the stairs, ready to leave, and then sluggishly gets up to make his way into the living room, hoping to find something a little more palatable to read. He catches sight of the Impala out in front of the green house across the street, and wonders how long it has been there: he didn’t notice it when hammering down the
“Houses are complicated,” Michael says with a strange expression. “I never enjoyed coming here, back when…”
Cas smiles and raises both his wings to be in easier reach of Dean, unfolding them slightly. Dean’s hands don’t falter before they find each wing, his fingers sliding between the feathers and holding, tight, as Castiel finally takes Dean inside his mouth.
“The two of you,” Claire laughs, “what, you think you’ve got the kind of love that comes around every day?”
“Do you think about it?” Dean asks, voice loosening the shimmer around them. Castiel is given the sensation that Dean repeats his question, but he doesn’t. Only silence follows; silence and Dean’s blunt knife of a stare.
“Aw, great,” he balls his hands together and his gaze keeps shifting like clockwork: on Castiel, briefly, before flitting to the table, to Balthazar, to Castiel again with an expression of guilt, Balthazar, the floor, the table, Castiel, the floor, over and over as he rocks from one foot to another in a strange, awkward dance. “I’m glad to hear it.” He swallows, it looks painful by the way he winces and how long it takes. “Lemme—let me get you guys a drink. Wha’d’ya want?”
“Never knew you to be so bad at holding your liquor, Winchester,” Victor chuckles, placing a jug of water beside his bed. “You’ll need this tomorrow,” he promises.
this one is GRATUITOUS but I just wanted lots of happy things to happen and figured all the characters kind of deserve it by now and, importantly, you the readers deserved it by now.
“What an unflattering review,” Mary attempted not to laugh too much. “I see what you mean by unsavoury characters—but it’s evening now, and night grows near… Would you
“They say she was a good woman,” Dean states, something murky and upset in his gut. Adam nods, looking away. “And a very good mother, to you.”
The Vestal smiled sweetly and nodded to the High King as he passed. He returned the gesture, placing half a Zahav, a piece of gold, on her table and taking a sprig, handing it to Castiel. The half Zahav he paid for it was more than a hundred times this tiny plant’s worth, and was probably more than what the woman would earn in the rest of the day.
But only a small part of it is care for Jack. Is this how parents feel, when their kid is leaving home? Like all their love for their child has been, so far, entirely selfish?
Castiel can do nothing because this hurts too much—they’re both so close, and still Dean is so afraid, and Castiel can do nothing because this is the kind of pain Castiel only got the aftertaste of, a tang of blood in the mouth that he kissed. Dean had his teeth punched in.
“That sounds wonderful,” Cas replies happily. Those unbelievable azure eyes spark like the centre of blue flames.
No. He can’t tell Jimmy about his sexuality, nor can he tell his father about loving Dean, nor his feelings of abandonment and heartbreak as a result of Dean’ lack—or rather, total non-existence—of love towards him.
“Stay,” the stable-hand pressed, a little exasperated, this time. “Company is company, and if you’d like to learn about the horses, then I can teach you. There’s none better than me; I know these creatures best. As for riding, you’ll have to wait ‘til all my duties are done—but Fathi KaZenon—that’s my master, the King,” he added, a sliver of pride gnawing at his features, “he likes me plenty, and he’s alright himself—so he lets me ride the horses when I have the time. I break them in. I do everything,” his chest swelled a little more with pride—or perhaps he puffed it out with unintentional smugness. “My old master—the one who ran the stables—was useless, and drank himself to death last winter. But I’m here, and run things just as well as I did when he was alive.
“I can stay!” Dean exclaims, taking hold of Castiel’s hands and bouncing up and down. Castiel smiles and nods.
“I am,” Dean answers. Behind Cas, dawn peeps at the window, an orange, nebulous glow like embers of a fire. But Dean’s eyes aren’t on it. They’re on Cas. “And so are you.”
Dean likes to lead Castiel around the castle at night. He shows Cas all his favourite rooms; the places where moonlight streams through the windows, casting a pale, white light shimmering on the castle’s smooth stone floors so that Hera seems to be made out of silver instead of grey.
But Michael came to him the night before their twenty-first birthday and told him the truth. And the world reeled with betrayal.
“I also thought, because you know him better than anyone, you should be the one to design heaven, ready for Dean. I thought you’d want that.”
“Hello, beautiful boy,” Ellen beamed, lifting a silent Dean onto her lap. He barely fit, now, considering his size combined with the baby in her belly. Ellen rubbed the bump distractedly, thinking of the world she was bringing her child into and whether it ought to be considered a sin to bear a babe into a place where pain and suffering seemed so constant. And the suffering in this world
the shepherd reads, and Dean’s breath stutters. He stares at the ground and when the shepherd has finished Mick, Ellen and Jo applaud warmly, Bobby jolts from his snoring and pretends to have been listening all along, and Sam beams and compliments Novak on his reading, while Adam nods in emphatic agreement.
Castiel’s heart crumples—not for the loss of the King, who Castiel had rarely spoken to and hardly known in all his time in Hera, and honestly found cold and rather unnerving, if pitiful. His heart breaks for Dean. He can only imagine how broken the Human Prince—soon to be King, surely, considering the time it takes for Humans to deliver messages to the mountains—feels.
Kissing, kissing, Cas’s hands on Dean’s back, Cas’s breath coming soft and deep and startled out his nose.
“I’m so melodramatic,” She giggles. “God, did you ever hear of someone so melodramatic? It’s ridiculous.” She pulls back and wipes her eyes with each of her fingers and palms, careful not to mess up her eye makeup. “I’m just being drunk and stupid—you were right. I should stop drinking. I’m stopping now.” She picks up her cup and gestures to it. “This’ll be my last one of the night!” She exclaims, and nods goofily at it, in such a way that Dean really
Castiel is in love with Dean. And Dean is so in love. He still feels the mallet-pang of longing, but now can bury that longing in Castiel’s mouth and arms and whatever else Dean can press his mouth to or be embraced by.
—It’s the last time he’ll look at Dean’s face, it’s the last time he’ll hear his voice, it’s the last time, the last time, the last—
“You,” Mick confirms. “You told me about his friend,” Mick looks away, brow furrowed. “She’s not back, is she?”
Uh, sure. Working for your ex-best friend’s, still-soulmate’s boyfriend? Sounds like an amazing idea.
But Ahava did not reply, could not reply, never would reply again. She was gone, into a land beyond speaking, and Chayal was trapped here, with the little boy who killed his wife.
Some moments are the retrieval of time: Dean ruffles Castiel’s hair, covering his head with the towel, Cas grumbles and flips him onto his back on the bed—but the retrieval of time means many things at once, and once flipped Dean looks up at Cas he looks like he’s stained glass in a cathedral. And Castiel kisses down his neck, and chest, lips like a promise against his skin.
a farm hand’s child,” he states, heart hitting hard against his ribcage. Alastair stops smiling as he watches Dean.
“Yes,” Michael says softly, voice frayed with responsible worry and hurt. “He sent Lucifer. Brought him back from the dead… He didn’t even reach out to me.”
“No, I don’t want to hear it,” Dean shakes his head, picking up his horses pace to pull himself away from Bobby. “It’s… I don’t—”
Where possible, they turn these necessary trips into family vacations—it’s exciting for Dean to see, he never really got to travel, much, growing up—and he watches as Jack and Claire take in new settings, call dibs on the nicest bedrooms, rush down to the pool or beach. Elanor, being so much younger, obviously doesn’t much understand what a holiday is, but still beams as she takes stumbling, determined steps after her older brother and sister, shouting her infant-tongue versions of their names—
“Sorry,” Cas says, a little more firmly this time—and in such a way that lets Dean know he’s not up for any amount of unnecessary fighting, or for Dean to be deliberately taking offense. Dean retreats. Offense was, ironically, his best defence against whatever emotions Cas wants to draw out of him. Which, Dean realises, was probably the entire purpose of this whole fucking lunch break.
didn’t have to decide whether or not to take Novak up on his offer of mentorship, that he completely forgot to take breakfast. Now, the sun pointed proud and high in the sky, the silo repaired, cold sweat prickling his brow, Dean remembers. His stomach growls at him. Hopefully Ellen has prepared something good, he thinks, trudging back toward the farmhouse.
Dean grows louder, singing over Castiel and raising a middle finger to him, closing his eyes again in the feeling of the song. It feels like... it feels like... like they're eighteen. Like the happiness is renewal. Castiel doesn't want to think about it. The thinking is scaring him. “Don’t say that, Cas,” Dean replies. “I’ll have to kick you out. Never insult Cyndi in this car, okay? This song is fucking iconic. I won’t hear a bad word against it.”
Beyond this, Garth is sat next to Meg, and is naturally the last person at the wedding to find his seat. Toasts begin, and Castiel often feels Dean’s gaze upon his face. Over dinner, the table discusses what they thought of the wedding, and Castiel doesn’t want to kid himself, but Dean really
Sometimes, when they lie in bed, Dean will play music and tell Castiel about it, eyes bright sparks of interest and excitement, hands drawing absent-minded patterns across the skin of Castiel’s chest as he talks. Sometimes, and increasingly if it’s a love song, Dean will jump up, pick up something as a makeshift microphone, and sing to Castiel, who sits through it, flushing furiously, but beaming with all the joy in the world. Sometimes Dean will tug at Castiel’s hand and force him into another dancing lesson—still, Castiel doesn’t think any of what they do could be called
Thanks to everyone who commented on the last chapter, I really appreciated it! Hope you like this one, too.
“But I like you and Castiel’s home. I like you and Castiel and Claire. You all have… a strange love, which I’m not used to,” he confesses, and Dean prickles. “I thought love was something hard. Like putting a wall up. Maybe trapping someone. Often hurting them. But I’m starting to think that’s not what it is. I’m starting to think that’s not what it is, at all. Sometimes love is making pancakes in morning. Sometimes it’s sitting quietly and being. Sometimes it’s teaching someone something. Like about cars. Or fishing.”
be with each other, at this point, after everything. This drive to the airport feels like the longest journey of Dean’s life.
“And I’m starting to get what you mean about making memories, now,” Dean says, sniffling. “How—how we’ve got each other again, and the nine years we didn’t speak—it’s the past, and we’ve got each other, and—and whatever the future holds. Whatever the future
“Your youngest brother seems excited for Christmas,” the shepherd offers as conversation. Pale skies roll over the hills, which are dark green with winter.
“Hello, Dean,” the shepherd greets—and God, it’s still taking some getting used to, hearing his name on the man’s lips.
Time was, he, characteristically oblivious and more so still by the wispiness of youth, would let this statement and its wonderfully thoughtless implication slip right past him, smiling in vague agreement. But now… not now. Now he clings to every syllable Dean speaks, knowing even his flyaway comments to be imbued with meaning, precisely because they
“Not that I know of,” Dean shakes his head. “And not looking likely to be. She was only visiting briefly. She lives in London.”
“I don’t want anything to happen to him,” Castiel replies sincerely. Ellen’s expression, as open and candid as flowers in the early morning sun, is prompting something previously untapped in him to come pouring out. “And I don’t want to
Castiel becomes fairly certain that he is going to be sick by the time all the respective rulers of the other kingdoms begin arriving at the castle. He presses his lips into a thin line as Anna’s hand grazes softly against the back of his own.
stupid Dean making Castiel think the green eyed man is straight; no, gay; no, bi; no, straight; no, queer; no, definitely straight… On and on and on and on in the endless swing of confusion that surmises Dean Winchester and his utter unknowableness entirely.
“Yeah, you can check your phone. Cas texted me. Apparently he’s called you, like six times, and you haven’t picked up. Seems he thought something was wrong.”
“Maybe you need a little more faith,” Jack says, in that tone that always made Dean’s insides shiver, the tone way too wise and thoughtful for someone as young as Jack.
“I’ll take you back to yours, then run to The Roadhouse and explain what’s going on,” Castiel decides, but Dean looks up clumsily, hurriedly, with fear in his eyes.
He’ll have to face them. There was comfort in thinking he wouldn’t. But he’ll have to face them. Turn toward them, and Dean, as the earth turns toward the sun each morning. Or away from it, each night.
Lucifer lunges back, kicks and Michael is flung upward, disappearing into the low cloud. Dean looks up in wonder and terror. Lucifer stands, unsteadily—each time he stumbles, the ground shudders. It’s a good thirty seconds before Michael lands again, hitting the earth about a half-mile in the distance, kicking up a dust storm which blusters about. Lucifer turns to them, his staggering steps like the jarring motions of a mind caught in nightmare.
“If you had questioned it, even once, you never would’ve done what you did. If you’d thought about it, if you thought about it outside of your fear of being alone, you never would’ve done it. And after what Lucifer did to me?” Sam’s eyes are wrung with tears, now. Dean can barely look at him. Shame itches at his face.
“Buttering me up isn’t gonna stop me minding when you badmouth the people I work with, right in front of me,” Dean presses his fingers in his ears again, almost comically. “So don’t you try it. I’m serious.”
Anna looks across to Dean—apparently just as shocked as Castiel—her eyes wide, a defensive frown hardening across her features.
But spinning and dancing with Dean—this is his favourite part. Amid the seas and tides of people, whipping and turning about, an ocean of people who love and have loved them, deep and unquestioning and through the storms of life, an ocean to mirror the ocean which separated them, for nine years… Amid the seas and tides of people, dancing and dancing with Dean, the love of his life, who gave up everything for Castiel, who would do so a thousand times over, who believed he had done so
Dean grins—he can’t seem to stop—and pulls on a shirt. Most of the oil on his back and shoulders has sunk into his skin now, but the fabric of the clothing still clings a little to his body. His skin is tingling from where Castiel has touched him, it still dances with lightning and fills Dean with something new and wonderful and alien; the places on his back where Castiel marked out where his wings would form prickle restlessly and a burning heat is gushing through his blood. All of it is making his head spin, his breaths are short and shallow and thunder is growling, heavy with longing, in his bones.
—Before Castiel is undoing it, and Dean is curling around the pane, vomiting fortunately outside the car and heaving with miserable sounds. He hangs out of it for a few minutes, apparently not trusting himself to come back in, but it gives Castiel time to think.
Castiel nearly jumps out of his skin at the shout. So does Dean, by the looks of it. Isaac begins to laugh at them, and points to where the sound emitted from.
“What’s that?” Jack frowns at the moment the shutter goes, meaning the photo is Jack looking quintessentially bewildered at the camera. Dean grins and doesn’t want to take another—this one’s perfect. He sends it to Castiel.
John dead, Mary long dead, Mr Singer sending word across the sea that Dean is his sole beneficiary and to inherit the farm after his passing, which Robert speaks of with a prophetic, apocalyptic sense of immediacy… Dean has more than enough to worry about. Caring for Robert is now a duty—of thanks, of unspoken contract. Caring for Sam is an imperative, a priority—always will be. Caring for Adam never came into the equation until Kate’s passing, when Sam insisted, and insisted with even more vehemence when Robert’s letter arrived, that familial duty extended even to the bonds of bastard sons.
“One of your questions,” Castiel says, shifting, and obviously nervous, “was how I knew that he was like us. Well,” the shepherd huffs, “I suppose so much of it is hope and fear, anyway, that you never feel truly certain until they say so. Or you say so.”
“That’s not why,” Sam says, and looks up. Dean gives him a hard look. “I’ve known you all my life, Dean,” Sam says. “I wish you felt that you could talk to me.”
“Five minutes ago, you were berating yourself for not considering the fact I apparently came close to passing out and dying in the shower,” Castiel frowns.
“Okay,” Michael’s hand slides onto Castiel’s shoulder. He squeezes a moment. “I’ll see you in a minute.”
Even at these three words, adoration washes itself in a burst of tight coils all along Dean’s veins.
Dean snorts and rolls his eyes. They’re making their way through the parking lot, but it’s hard for Castiel to pay attention; it’s been
“For you,” Dean laughs. “Duh.” He shifts on his feet, heart dipping into something a little more somber. “I—uh—I wished I knew it, at the funeral. I wish I could’ve said something to you, or joined in with the prayers—or even understood—”
“You’re way too young,” Dean says again, quite protectively, this time. “And you always will be, for that matter.”
“Dean,” Sam looks up as Dean bursts through the door, but Eileen is too distracted, brown eyes trained on the baby in front of her. “Hey.”
now. Even on his good days, Dean has never felt worth dwelling with. He holds it up to the light. Its buttons shined, bright and proud and polished. He shakes his head. No, he is not worth this.
of her,” Castiel protests with a frown. “And you didn’t help it by saying she was probably in love with me—”
“Helping her, he certainly is. She went into labour late last night. I helped a little, but he’s been there through it all.”
“Well?” David pressed, obviously impatient. Michael glanced back over to him. Brought out in the candlelight were flecks of gold set deep amid that wash of green that were the stable-hand’s eyes.
Dean takes her hand by force and pulls her further on. Demon blood smears hot between their palms. Jo, for all her pretences of tomboyishness and hardiness, recoils and squirms and begins to cry. But Dean presses on, unbothered—or, bothered, but unmoved. Annoyed. Another corner, and down a final corridor. Jo looks out a window at a great thunderous crack and her features flood with fear and hopelessness.
he half-groans. “But part of my problem is that my problem isn’t so easily articulated. Another part of my problem is that I, in fact, have many problems.”
They eat in the dining hall instead of the main hall for supper. Castiel prefers this room—it is only himself, Dean, and Sam dining together, with a few servants standing round the edges of the room ready to refill their goblets or bring in the next course.
“This was a good idea,” the dark haired boy smiles. Dean grins in return, expression widened by the black hair he sees driven this way and that by the force of the swing.
Dean doesn’t think before kissing Castiel again, after these words. The syllables curl, warm in his skull, smothering all Dean’s self-doubt and hatred for himself, smothering his mind itself—and it’s only for a moment, but it’s enough. Dean has never felt so free.
“I wish it hadn’t ended like it did,” Dean confesses. He clenches and unclenches his hands, terrified. “I wanted—when I let myself dream—I wanted it to look so different.”
The other boy smells like honey, as always—it’s that damn shampoo he uses, Dean knows, because whenever he showers at Cas’s house, he’ll use it too, and will spend the whole day smelling of a beehive and of his best friend who is also, he’s fairly certain, the love of his life, the thought of this flooding his heart both with warmth and fear.
“What’s in the bottles?” Dean asks, gesturing to them as Castiel sits down on the middle of the porch, not with his back resting against the house, and not with his feet dangling over the edge. He tilts his head back, resting on the palms of his hands with his legs crossed beneath him, staring up at the sky.
A few days before Dean is supposed to leave for the Demon territory, Sam requests to join him. Dean is going to refuse outright—he nearly
He stares at the bands, then at the necklace, tempted to throw it down beside them again. He can’t bring himself to. He curls his fingers around it, presses it close to his heart, a cry catching in his throat. He looks up at the sky, to the rain pommelling down to earth like time. He turns to go inside. He leaves the bands where they lie.
“I was a little surprised you picked up, this time,” She admits. Dean's expression goes all self-deprecating and he looks away. “Would you have, if you’d known it was me?” She asks. Dean looks back at her.
“So strange, that your brother reads so well, and you so poorly,” his voice sounds above Dean. “Clearly there’s not much of a family resemblance, there.”
“What the hell do you mean?” Dean asks, turning to Sam in a moment and spitting his words out. Sam blinks at him, perhaps made a little anxious by Dean’s outburst, which with a gut-twisting moment reminds him all too well of their father. But worst of all is that Sammy doesn’t seem
“So I—” Dean continues, but his face is inexplicably growing a little red, “I just thought, enough is enough, and got up and went upstairs to sit in Charlie’s room for some peace and quiet.”
“So, Your Majesty—you stated that you had matters to discuss with us? Urgent matters?” Crowley prompts, leaning back on his opulent throne decorated with emerald greens and rich teals—it bears a stark contrast to the reds and oranges of the halls and buildings surrounding them; upon further inspection Dean notes that the engravings upon the lavish chair are in fact further snakes winding their way around the item, etched onto the throne with perfect detail.
They’ve approached the line of the trees. Now that they’re here, Dean’s heart swells with courage. Perhaps this is the place, this is the soil on which Dean will be able to brush his lips on Cas’s. How will it feel, how will he feel? He can’t begin to imagine. A burst of golden light. A singing like the lilt of birds at dawn.
“I just took him to the airport,” Jimmy says, softly. “He’s checked in and everything. His flight’ll be around now.”
“You promised me we’d play cards, once you’d finished work!” Adam shouts back, and Dean grows furious, and sees the image of his twisted arm in John’s vice-grip when Dean decided to answer him back one too many times.
He writes to Crowley that evening. He begs for the Demon Sam is in love with to be allowed to come to Hera—for his brother to not have to leave him. He begs for Crowley to explain what’s happening—
“The Mark of Cain,” Michael repeats, “the mark of the first Demon. In becoming its host, Dean has accepted all the fury and evil in the world into his soul; he has become a far greater monster than his brother ever would have become on the Demon blood he had been consuming. All the dark magic of the earth has been poured into that mark; and it is turning Dean into something more terrible than any Demon the worst of your nightmares could conjure up.”
“Yes,” Castiel nods slowly, looking down at the table with a frown. He cracks a smile. “And I was angry, for a long time, which marred my perception of you,” Dean grows hot and his heart begins to twitch and twinge nervously, “and you were grieving, which meant you weren’t quite yourself, but…”
“Hey, can’t I agree with you?” Isaac frowns. Then he turns back to Charlie. “And if I’m not mistaken, a couple of people at this table got
Michael resented her. From her arrival in Evadne, her marriage to Chay, it was clear that Michael resented her. He glared at her across the table when they shared meals, at the wedding itself was cold and bitten off to some remote reality, when he visited was curt and mistrustful. She swallowed back tears and wondered what she could do to win his affection—Chay’s other children, Gabriel and Anna, liked her: Gabriel quipped jokes in her direction and laughed loudly when she teased something back; Anna was glad to have a replacement mother, a figure she was never able to have, and beamed in greeting of Ahava, suggested the two go on long, ambling walks in the forest loping up the mountainside.
“And I’ll be happy to help anyone who feels like it’s too hard, or is just struggling with it, because I get that not all of us are wordsmiths. But essay writing is an important skill to develop, if we can—and I believe each and every one of you can. And this is me offering
He thinks of the smile, he thinks of the freckles, he thinks of the eyelashes. He thinks of the dance and glimmer of a soul like a candle held beneath a soft breeze, uncertain but
“The way he spoke,” Dean laughs again, this time sad and bitter, “I think—I think they—I think he must have been in love with her.” He looks up at Castiel. “I know, because it’s the way I speak of you,” he says. “A lost love.”
“Cas always overstates it,” Dean shakes his head. “I was like, just at the bar, of behaving like a decent human being toward him, most of the time. And he’s the kindest person I know, so.”
“They’re secretive,” Cas says, “mysterious, therefore. They choose who they share their lives with and are resentful of anyone who tries to know them. For some,” Cas shrugs again, “there’s some charm in that. In the investment they present. I know that I’ve been charmed by mysterious, angry creatures before.”
it really does mean something.” Dean, from the tips of his toes to the fingers bound around Castiel’s, sings with the itching need to step closer to Castiel. A burr like the hum of a bee or crackle of electricity. “When I found you, I thought the longing would be unanswered. I didn’t think I’d come back with the rain to a love returned. But I did. You, and being lost, and a love returned in full. And now you, and you loving me, and the future of you and me. You, love, and the future. I do not think that I can name a more holy trinity.”
“You’re insensitive,” Samandriel shakes his head, looking away, renewed tears falling to his cheeks. “I always knew it—you’re so—one minute you’re so understanding, so empathetic, and the next—”
“God, Cas!” Dean shouts, shoving at Castiel again. Castiel stops, hands shaking. He stares at Dean, terrified for what’s coming next. “It’s wrong,” Dean shakes his head, “you’re
Another hour, and Castiel calls, but it goes through to voicemail. Castiel hangs up, breathless, sat on the floor of his room with his back to the wall. He tries again, immediately after the first, and it doesn’t even ring through; Dean rejects it. He feels trapped, frozen, doesn’t know what to do and is panicking terribly as the best friend he’s ever had, the most significant relationship, outside of his family, in his entire life, is fracturing and fragmenting and perhaps already destroyed, and there’s nothing he can do. And he’s trying, he’s trying, he’s watching it turn to ash and dust and with increasing terror is really seeing and really knowing that there's nothing he can do. He can’t eat. He’s barely slept. His insides are turning icy backflips over themselves.
It’s a fitful sleep, with shades of blue prickling around him and pressing in on him. The sun slips up past his windowframe and he awakes with a long breath in, eyes fluttering, before remembering where he is. Not in the Atlantic. Not in pressing, bulshy waves. No lightning over the waters.
Dean is ignorant of many of the ways of Angels, and still more of their physical, mystic attributes. So he is of course blissfully unaware of sex, and what it means—and what it would mean for him, if Castiel were ever to go further than the two of them have gone, thus far.
“Please, sit,” the girl gestures to some chairs gathered round a small table beside an unlit fireplace. Kindling and logs are piled there, dried brush to encourage flames. The girl spots Dean rubbing his hands and eyeing the unlit space, and smirks. “I’ll set to warming the place up,” she offers.
Dean spits, more at himself than anything else. His tears are silent, this time. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m—”
“—Then rest assured that I have no intention of invading the marshlands of Corinna, as long as you and your armies remain away from our plains. I feel that I needn’t remind you, but I will in any case, that I am not my father. And I have
“Hael’s grandfather, Zechariah, seemed like somebody worth naming your son after. I never met him, but… Anyway,” he says, “after our miscarriage, and then being given two children in the next pregnancy, and knowing that we were naming one of them after my mother, Amelia, the name Zechariah seemed appropriate.”
Castiel shrugs. Because it’s true. And because it’s simpler and far less frustrating to say this, rather than labouring over the full story. Gabriel doesn’t seem particularly satisfied by his answer, and leans forward fractionally in his chair—but it is enough to prompt Castiel to say more.
Chapter 7 they're gonna speak a little more. Next chapter should come in a few days. Thanks for reading, please comment with any feedback!
“Asshole,” he says, very seriously, at which Dean beams. “And you still brush your teeth like a total travesty, you know,” Cas states, very matter-of-factly, to Dean’s reflection. Dean grins and spits.
Wordlessly, both Dean and Castiel know that they’re so keen to foster her because the situation she’s found herself in echoes Castiel’s, when he was much younger—only Claire has had much worse luck. After the disappearance of her dad, seven years ago, Claire’s mom fell into cycles of absence and substance abuse, a deep depression among other things, and one day, she overdosed—it seems intentionally. Claire, effectively an orphan, was dropped into rotations of foster homes and lashing out or running away. The case worker explains that this will be her third foster home in as many months.
Michael, inheritor to the throne, who had been loyal to his father to a fault, but who could not love the King’s own wife,
“I loved him,” he looks up, looks up at Sam and cries with the words, cries with the weight of them slipping from him, the stretch of his exhausted muscles at relinquishing it, the unwinding of his clamped jaw, the soil swept over the seed of truth and trusted, there, to grow. “I loved him, Sammy, I still do. I wish I could stop. I can’t.”
Sammy talks Cas’s ears off, and Dean doesn’t bother telling his brother to shut up because he’s grown so used to silence at the table. John scares Sammy out of speaking most of the time, and of course John rarely talks, himself. So Sam’s chatter is a welcome change.
But Castiel doesn’t care about Dean’s anger. Anger is better than indifference. And emotions—whatever they may be—are better than none.
“But you’re a little sad about it?” Castiel asks, raising his eyebrows as he stares up at the ceiling. He can hear the hesitance and worry in Dean’s voice. He imagines Dean, Dean’s face, wonders if Dean’s hand is drifting lazily over the skin of his chest or wandering through his hair. The thought makes his stomach clamp: it’s hard not to drift his thumb a little too deliberately across his own sensitive skin in response. He wonders if Dean smiles, impulsively, when he hears his friend’s laugh down the end of the line, the way Castiel does when he hears Dean’s.
“No,” he says, lips pulled downwards, unable to help it. His eyes prickle uncomfortably. Through the itch of his gaze Castiel can make out steps up to a front porch like jaws. The house is open mouthed and weeping and hungry.
entrusted his car into the hands of a minor. But Jack is obviously worried and flighty, which doesn’t make Dean feel any kind of easy.
When evening falls and Castiel is summoned to dinner by a servant, he states that he isn’t hungry. He does the same the next night. When he falls asleep, his stomach is growling loudly.
“All those times—all those times you healed me, you heard me, when you put me back together—how could you think—how could you think it was something, something you could never have?” Dean asks, and blinks out more tears. “I thought you
Castiel keeps bees and teaches the boys about keeping them when each of them is ready for the responsibility. Jack goes to college and Sam and Eileen visit as often as they can and every night Dean tucks his nose behind Castiel’s ear, or beneath his jaw, or into the curve of his neck, or against the plane of his chest.
“Who is like God?” David repeated, balancing a quizzical expression with a remarkably dismissive tone.
“I wanna go,” Dean repeats, and tugs on Castiel’s hand in suggestion that they jump down from the roof.
“Uh, yeah, not so much,” he replies. “Um… after Pop nutted out and murdered, pretty much everyone in the world, the Empty booted me. With orders to find the missing God book and use it on Chuck,” Lucifer squints and shrugs. Dean makes his way down the stairs to stand beside Sam. “Uh, normally I’m not too good at following orders, as you guys know, but, uh—you do not wanna mess with the empty, man. Total B—especially after Jack blew up all over her, and she killed Death. I mean guys,” Lucifer laughs, walking round the table, “never a dull moment. But
“When did she do it when you were a kid?” Ellen asks. Dean freezes, gaze darting back up at her, staring into the brown eyes that fixedly watch him. His throat dries up. He shakes his head.
Dean if he knew anything about Dean’s pendulum of a sexuality that doesn’t seem to give a shit about what’s in between a person’s legs. Because that’s what religious people do, isn’t it? Hate the queer?
“When did we stop being those two kids who met when they were seventeen? Who shared secret kisses and thought that everything, in the end, would be alright?” Dean laughs.
Many of their eyes are black, just as the stories always told. They have no irises, no pupils, no whites; just a stretch of black that is nowhere near as cold and unkind as Dean had spent so many years envisaging. As soon as he thinks this, of course, he feels like a traitor to himself and all of his years of hating the Demons for what they did to his mother, and by extension, the rest of his family. He attempts to harden his heart to the Demons just as he once did to the Angels. And does, now.
“I am John Wi—” he coughed once into a closed fist. He shook his head, thinking better of whatever it was he was about to say. “It hardly matters. I’m sorry,” he laughed again—he seemed to do this rather a lot, Mary observed. “Sorry. That’s who I am—I’m sorry.”
“Thanks,” Dean fumbles, sitting next to Bela, who looks particularly upset about this. Castiel needs to speak to him in front of Bela, so that she realises that everything is okay between the two of them again. Better yet, he should tell Bela explicitly that the only homophobia Dean has participated in is the homophobia he was a victim of for the entirety of his childhood.
love her, for a moment, in a sad and humanitarian and platonic way, appreciative of her beauty and tenderness and warmth and realness, of her consistent performance of life. Lisa turns back to Dean. She moves like smoke. “I guess everything felt overwhelming, you know? It’s weird to think so many close friends are leaving, and there’s not any way of stopping some of us from drifting apart, forever. That’s scary, you know?”
“Cas…” The other boy says, slowly, hoarsely, something in his gaze moving a mile a minute, something else in it completely static.
When it ends, Dean thanks the crowd, rather red, seemingly oblivious to their applause, and gets down from the stage. He goes straight to the bar and pours himself a needlessly large vodka.
difficult, I suppose, if you know what to do and how to recognise when your mind is being invaded by another. But anyway, our ability to share thoughts with each other without speech or gesture isn’t
“Who lives here?” Castiel asks, gesturing to the town around them, the streets, with colourful market stands set up on the pavements, and the occasional citizen stopping by them to tend to business there. With the now midday sun beating down on them, most have returned to their homes, and considering the importance of the day, many of the people who live in the lower levels of the city have made their way up to the castle to glimpse the Angels. Those standing round here look at Castiel out of the corners of their eyes with a kind of awed reverence, and a swell of an emotion Dean can’t quite pinpoint at the fact that
telling stories about his past,” Dean says to Ellen, who watches him leave with a twined expression. “What’s gotten into him?”
to; doesn’t want to hurt that much. Literature causes him to ache in the way that he aches now, standing beside Jimmy’s final resting place, reminded of the earth and dust that all bodies will return to and the hopelessness, helplessness of life.
“And you,” Dean gestures drunkenly over to Castiel, “you, you,” He says over and over, and once again, Castiel is lost. “You. You.”
Little Castiel bounded up to Michael as he approached the gates to the city. The child nearly tripped on almost every enormous paving stone he crossed, hardly recovering himself each time before continuing. At little older than three summers, he was learning quickly that he was an awkward, clumsy creature, and navigated through this trait of awkwardness with a surprising amount of grace. Like now, when he jumped clean into Michael’s arms from ground level and buried his face in his brother’s neck.
He sees mothers carrying children on their back, little girls running through the street trailing sticks in the thin sand behind them, drawing patterns. They call after their friends in excited, bright voices that shine like the desert sun; Dean watches one of the girls in a coral dress dance and spin around with bells attached to her feet as she drags her stick through the sand of the lower path. Her dark curly hair flutters in the wind underneath her faded cotton scarf, she beams in giddy childish delight and Dean has to look away for the pang striking sharply through his heart at the sight of such unadulterated, innocent joy.
“I’m proud of you,” he says, simply. “Not for the first time, Dean, and certainly not for the last. I’m so proud of you.”
“Dean,” Castiel’s hands find Dean’s shoulders, again, and he doesn’t know what he could possibly say next. But as he, ironically a writer, struggles for his words, his phone begins to ring, rattling in his pocket. He’s about to reject the call outright, but then remembers Ellen and why it is he actually went out
“You used to tell me every night how much you wanted to meet an Angel,” she smiles gently, cupping Dean’s cheek with her hand—he softens slightly at the touch. In all the hardness of life, Ellen is sometimes the only thing to think to cradle him. “And now you get your dream. And I can tell you’re still excited for it—no, don’t argue, Dean. I’ve known you your whole life—I just
Angels use this ability for little else; only ever for communication and formalities. It’s complex to hold the connection to one another for lengths of time further than brief conversation—even a few words can be mentally draining and places strain on the mind. It’s only ever used for communication by a great many miles, separated by the great mountains that Angels have named home for many thousands of years.
“My parents, the previous King and Queen of Dione, are lost,” Bela says, ignoring Dean’s question. She turns back to face Dean, flicking a wayward streak of her light brown hair, faintly waved, off her shoulders as she does so. And then she speaks again, her face triumphant and relieved and a little bit torn as she leans in, closer to Dean, to say these next words far more quietly than the rest of their conversation has been:
to spend at least some mornings sitting and eating pancakes until you feel sick. I’ll teach you how to make ‘em.”
“Yes, exactly. And—I don’t know. If you’re grieving, feeling vulnerable, you need someone to cling to. I guess I clung to Dean,” Castiel laughs, face heating self-consciously as he glances back over to his friend, who watches him attentively, saying nothing. “I guess I’m still clinging.”
“Dean and Sam are safe,” Jack smiles, perhaps catching a shift in Castiel’s countenance as his thoughts drift.
“Dean must be treated as he is,” Michael shakes his head. Over the past few days, the venom in his voice has died, somewhat, his bitterness easing out with exhaustion—and, perhaps, guilt. “He is too much like a lion taken into civilisation as a young cub. Tame now, to be sure—or, relatively so. But the moment he tastes Human blood, he will turn on you. Every one of you. He has no choice in that.”
“I think Samandriel asked me to stay, because he wanted to be wrong about…” Castiel trails off. Who knew confessing love to your best friend could be so tedious? “Wanted to be wrong about—” But the words aren’t coming. They aren’t coming. Why can’t they come? Castiel wants to be a writer, Castiel spends all his time reading, why can’t he say it?
Sam snorts into his closed fist, knowing Dean better than Mr Singer, and knowing that Dean has had an enduring inability to tether his heart to any post or person, since John discovered Dean’s love affair with Cassie Robinson, and after opting to assault Dean rather than her, which was a relief beyond relief, once again uprooted the lives of his sons in moving towns and migrating north, east, west, south, wherever he might reasonably go to drink and be happy and untaunted by the drunks at the local tavern. John was all too happy to do this. Even if it meant puncturing forever Dean’s realest sense of happiness in all his adult life: Cassie Robinson had once been an answer to the restlessness inside of Dean. Now nothing is.
interrupt, in fact, is the steady, red beam of the sun, only the outline of which can be seen due to the rounded blot of Eofor’s palace. As it is, the sun has a glowing red-gold creeping round the edges of the white stone of the oldest of the Great Earthly Castles; fading slowly into the blackness of shadow as the outline of the great dome that composes the vast majority of the palace glows with a warm—albeit eerie—orange light. The effect is quite staggering; Dean really isn’t used to any kind of beautiful architecture, local or otherwise, and so observing the sun drip lower and lower over the curve of the horizon; setting the castle of Eofor on fire with the softest of flames imaginable, while the trees around it grow long shadows that match the castle’s rising turrets—well—it’s a little too much. The last time Dean was here, he was only a child—the last time Dean was here, his mother had just died, and Dean was still a broken little boy who spoke only to his younger brother, if at all. The thought has Dean’s heart trembling with regret.
“The littlest deaths,” Elanor nods seriously, and Jesus Christ, what have Dean and Cas raised. Some benign little wraith.
“In a sort of way,” Castiel shrugs. “But, like a door, someone’s mind can be forced open, and an intruder can force their way in. There have been many cases of Angels doing this, especially to younger, inexperienced Angels. It’s outlawed, of course—to enter someone’s mind without consent is abominable, but… Criminality doesn’t deter
“You’re scared?” Dean asks softly, at Castiel’s side. The sound of Colt settling down the students and talking about what an exciting day this is glimmers faintly in Castiel’s ears. He nods distantly, hardly able to lift his head up to look at Dean. But he’s glad when he does. Jade eyes with flecks of gold, warm, so warm, like a forest on fire, and kinder than anything Castiel has seen before. “That’s okay,” Dean says gently, hand on Castiel’s arm.
The shepherd nods, and the nodding seems to soften him. He looks down to Dean’s hands, looped over his knees, then back up again.
“There’s a reason you were the only person I could stand to talk to about any of that stuff, but I never realised, I never realise why, until now—and I’m so sorry, Dean—”
“It probably means the bees made their honey from the nectar of lavender,” Castiel laughs. Dean flushes, feeling suddenly stupid for wanting to—and attempting to—act so cool and off-the-cuff. There was never any call for it, with Cas. Once. “Thank you, though. Come in,” Cas gestures.
“You guys really thought I fell off the wagon, huh?” Dean asks. Charlie sighs with a smile and shakes her head.
Castiel beams happily. Dean does the same, looking up to Castiel’s father with all the gratefulness in the world, beaming a crooked, happy grin.
Balthazar sits back in his seat and sighs. That he had been leaning forward is a good sign. But the director-producer says nothing: his hand covers his mouth in thoughtfulness and he nods his head once. Castiel is about to ask what he thought of it, but is interrupted by Jo at the table.
hear out, Bobby!” Dean exclaims, still trying not to cry. “He betrayed me, he lied to me, the whole time he was lying to me! Do you have any idea how much that hurts? I thought I meant something to him—I thought I was special or worthy of him or just…” Dean trails off and realises that he finally is indeed crying softly. “When I found out none of it was true—when I found out it wasn’t
“Yes,” Castiel nods again. “It is. But like you said—it’s just normality, for me. I don’t notice. To me, you having horses at your disposal is just as impressive as me looking out the window and seeing a snow leopard is to you.”
“He was prepared to die in a Demon war just to make sure he didn’t let his father down,” Ellen sighs, clearly troubled by her own words. “I hate to think what he’d do if he thought one of
“I’ll come back for the holidays, and for summer, and in England, a bachelor’s is only three years—”
“How do you know how to help her?” Dean asks with a twitched frown. “No offence—but if I was a pregnant lady, the last person I’d want looking after me would be—”
“Three,” Dean answers. He sniffles. “Music at Lawrence High, teaching shit like the trumpet, guitar, and so on, to kids privately, and then performing at The Roadhouse.” He sniffs and swallows.
have told Gabriel, as well. So why is Gabriel asking? All things considered, it seems like a somewhat loaded question.
And it’d be completely fucking obvious either way Dean and Cas did it—Cas coming over to the apartment, or Dean staying round at the Novak’s.
“No need to look for them,” Alastair shakes his head. “I’m enjoying conversation with you. Would you leave me to my own devices? Not entertained in your own house?”
“That’ll be our shepherd,” Mick comments, sat back at the kitchen table, feet up as he shuffles a deck of cards elaborately.
“You think that’d make my heart break, any less?” Castiel asks, staggered. Dean looks back up at him. He seems surprised. “I can’t say goodbye to you, Dean—not now—not after everything—I wanted you to
“On top of all that, if I leave Hera—what then? Do I go up, into the mountains, with you? But what of Sammy? I’ll barely ever be able to see him—I’ll only see him as often as I see you, now, if not less than that—and I don’t think I’ll be able to deal with that. He’s my
“It’s nothing,” He shakes his head, but Ellen pulses gratitude regardless. “It’s the least I could—” But Jo throws her arms around him, too. “Wow,” He chokes out. “Harvelle women really know how to hug, right?”
friends after everything—after everything this has meant,” Cas says, shaking his head, silent, acidic tears filling his gaze, “everything this has meant to
together, if that makes sense. As in, I don’t think that this sense of companionship is ever going to go away—”
If he had a soul, it would be beaten about like ash in a tumult of wind and rain. Like a ship in a storm, driven about, no use the rudder or the anchor: he’s made into something small contained by something large, and angry, he’s sure. Is he sure? Is he sure of anything? He can only hear echoes and the battering assault of a voice in pain and… and the tracing and retracing of each moment of failure and regret. His mind turns on a pin, kaleidoscopic with mirrors of shame and shortfalling reeling about him. If this is sleep, it is fitful; if this is wake, it’s nightmarish.
Dean looks back to him. Approaches slowly. Chuck cowers on the ground, and there’s some strange revulsion in the sight of God curled in the dust like a newborn. Pity and disgust coil through Dean, but pity wins out.
Thanks for reading, and to everyone who's been commenting so far! You're all wonderful, I hope you enjoyed!
I only get good attention. All the men and women in this city are in love with me. All but you. How is that?”
“And your smile,” Cas says, warmer, this time. His thumb comes to play delicately across Dean’s bottom lip. “I missed this,” he says, thumb grazing here, then up to his top lip. “And this,” he says, eyes smoky. Something sharp and hot shoots through Dean, and he swallows. The gesture drags Cas’s attention; his hand moves down to Dean’s Adam’s apple. “This,” he says, thumb stroking across it. “These,” he beams, grazing both his thumbs round the swirl of Dean’s ears. Dean beams tries to lean into the contact, but already Cas is pulling him off the door and toward the bed. Dean nearly falls backwards onto his hands, shifting up the bed as Cas follows after him. “This,” his eyes crinkle at their corners as he presses, a feather-light touch, the pad of his thumb to the very tip of Dean’s nose. “Doing this,” he bends, straddling Dean, to kiss him. And kiss him. “These,” he takes Dean’s hands and grazes his fingers along the ridges of Dean’s knuckles. Dean’s breathing is getting deep and ragged with love. “Doing this,” he beams, and twines his hands with Dean’s, laying each of their palms flat alongside each other.
“Him,” he repeats, and Castiel nods, and looks, of all things, fearful. “He,” he says, and Castiel nods again. “Your sweetheart was—was a—”
couldn’t that be enough? He presses his face into his hands, chest splintering apart into the air around him like the dust in sunbeams. He shudders out his sobs. He misses his friend. He misses his best friend. If Cas is afraid, then he should know that Dean is, too. He’s anchorless. Is there any fear bigger than the eternity and infinity implicit in being adrift?
“He seemed to have some regard for you, though,” Castiel says, and it sounds as though he measures his words a little too deliberately. Dean laughs.
“And what did you mean?” Cas asks, voice softer, this time, and almost apologetic for his joke with its softness.
The two of them spend another few hours in the forest together, talking, touching, before deciding to make their way back up to the castle, where Dean shows Castiel a book he thinks the Angel might like, reading a passage of it to him. Castiel is barely able to control his joy and Dean’s eyes crinkle at their corners when he looks up from the text and back at Castiel.
Michael says softly. His hand moves to graze at his younger brother’s shoulder from where he stands, behind the younger Angel.
“Maybe we wouldn’t,” Castiel muses. “We could do it ourselves, I bet. Especially if there were three of us.”
“Accept the fucking compliment, Winchester,” Castiel groans, tilting his head back, and Dean laughs.
Castiel’s chest caves in. Dean must make out the fresh and frantic rate of his newborn heart beneath his fingertips.
He thinks—whenever Sammy stands up and exits his room, tired of the way Dean is constantly wallowing in self-pity and shouting at the people he loves most—that Sam is growing sick of him. That Sam is going to leave one day, and never come back.
Faces leave the house like a process of filtration, and Charlie puts on a playlist and encourages Dorothy to dance with her. And Dean, unable to resist, tugs Castiel up onto his feet and spins them round—whatever Charlie’s playing, it’s folksy and encourages a kind of dancing which resembles something more like a reel, which exactly what Dean does, pulling Castiel along with him. Their dancing, the music, their joy, is like lungs filling with hopeful air. The breaths taken on top of a mountain as, swallowing the at the sky, you try to swallow the view, too, try to understand the heaviness of nature and the lightness of its beauty.
But that’s it, nothing more. Castiel is happy with Samandriel, the kind of happy he has always noted in bored-but-contented married couples, of something pleasant enough to warrant sticking to, and banal enough not to drive either party insane—except Samandriel has no idea he feels this way. On surface level, everything's fine: they get along, they can spend enormous amounts of time together without one getting sick of the other, they’re both quiet and reflective, Samandriel is the cheerful to Castiel’s grumpy…
Dean swallows, but it feels like there’s a blade at his throat. He resteadies himself, removing his hand from the chair, tipping back properly onto his feet. Alastair has taken another step or two back—and a moment later, Dean realises it’s because he’s heard Hess outside the door. She reenters and doesn’t seem to notice the cold fear drenching Dean’s insides, or how close Alastair had been stood to him, only seconds before.
“And that’s what we’re trying to prevent,” Castiel frowns, finding himself speaking up for one of the first times during these meetings. “Dean falling into Lucifer’s control.”
“You know,” he says, voice cracking, “you called me your friend, back there. In class. In front of everyone.”
Except, entering the room, Dean’s thoughts are ripped from the frustrations of the day—Jo’s short tone with him, Sam’s refusal to stop babying the sheepdogs, Ellen’s coddling of Adam, Mr Singer’s freakish obsession with anything with a pair of wings on its back—
“All I mean is,” Dean starts again, quickly, after seeing Castiel’s expression, “I’d always heard fairy tales about you guys, and I’d imagined you as these—
Dean’s breath catches in his throat. He thinks of everything he lost. Everything he could have had—if only life had been a little kinder. A little kinder to
so what does he expect? You’re eighteen, you’ve got your whole life ahead of you, Cas, and he’s just… It’s not right—if you love someone, you let them go. They’re a part of you, anyway, right? If you love someone deep enough, then they’re a part of you, of who you are, and them leaving doesn’t change that, even…” Dean trails off and stops, drawing in a trembling breath. His lips are parted, his eyes sting. “Even if it hurts…” Dean finishes. “And sometimes it does,” He looks down. “Even if it destroys you.”
“It looks like Cas is a good fuckin’ guy, is what it looks like,” Dean grumbles, running a self-conscious hand through his hair. “Why’ve you gotta read into
“I am Prince Castiel,” the Angel says slowly, as though Dean is a riddle, and as the Angel speaks, he is attempting to solve Dean. “I’m Michael’s youngest brother.”
Castiel takes a hold of Dean’s frantic hands. The song has risen to a cacophony between them, beautiful and haunting; all the songs Dean has ever played and written and made, all of the songs that remind Castiel of Dean, all the songs that remind Dean of Castiel, this is the soundtrack of their lives; this is the moment the melody is loudest, most devastating, and Castiel has to hold Dean to steady himself through it.
Castiel turns back to see Dean’s emerald eyes, usually warm and amiable, now fiercely serious and icy cold as the gems they so resemble.
On top of all of this, Castiel is given lessons on it by his Tutor, who has been fluent in the language since he was a young boy—and the Angel who teaches Castiel language and histories is now well over eight centuries old. Really, it should come as absolutely no shock at all that Castiel is so confident in it. Castiel says as much to his brother, who chuckles and agrees.
But in the space of a minute, they head out into the darkness. A late summer night, the air is warm. The stars turn clockwork courses ahead, and the wind makes a soft rustle of music through the darkened grass. Madra bounds along beside them, excited by the outing and its strange hour. Castiel holds a lantern for them, but mutters every other moment that it’ll be useless: they won’t find the meteorite with the help of lamp, or without.
His question angered many present; their faces turned a deep red in the yellow flicker of the candlelight.
? Dean’s insides are ash: he is worth nothing—the one he thought loved him, truly, deeply, does not, never did. It was a game. It was a
do this; Ahava was so kind and gentle to Michael that it seemed almost as though she did so out of regret, guilt, for some past actions—but what could she possibly have to be guilty for? She was as calm and soft as grass, as soil; she lived, she brought life, she breathed so quietly it was as though she wished to be gentle even to the
“Dean,” He taps the other man’s cheeks to gain his attention, “Dean, are you awake? You can’t fall asleep, okay? You—you might’ve hit your head, with the fall, which means you might be—”
And did the idea of John being a king really scare the girl so very much? What did she think he would do in response to her rudeness? He laughed again at the thought, still staring at her, kicked his horse again and broke out into a gallop. His men followed after him in a thunder of horseshoes. The crowds of Eofor cheered behind him. All of them, he was sure, except for the girl with golden hair and eyes the colour of wildflowers.
“And to me,” he answers, and means it from the very soil of his soul. “Sunflower,” he smiles, breathless, framing Cas’s face in his hands, “teach me more. Teach me more.”
“Reminded you of…?” Castiel presses. He’s spent the best part of a year wondering if Dean was ready to come out, and he can’t
“Never heard that one before,” Sam teases, and Dean wants to roll his eyes, but finds he can’t. Sam’s given him something he doesn’t have a name for. How did God and all his Angels choose what to call the land and all that lived on it? How did they describe what it made them feel?
It rests, both heavy and light at his fingers, a simple blade with a gold plated hilt and leather-bound grip—Castiel decides that he likes it well enough. He spins it from its handle, considering the way its body pulls at his hand, the momentum which it builds up. The blade slices at the air like it’s wind itself. Castiel nods. He prefers to work with speed and surety.
Down beside the stream again, trailing her fingers delicately through the waters, Mary hoped beyond hope that the doe and her fawn would return to drink. Something sad and bitter curled in her heart at the memory of the Heran boy who had been so incredibly unkind to her—and, the thought making her sadder by the minute as she reflected on it further—that she had been so incredibly unkind to in return.
It’s sunny for autumn. The sky is white with clouds but not in the kind of way to make it look overcast, it seems instead as though the whole world is glowing in a silvery-golden light, the long green grass in front of the big white house—the Novak’s house, Castiel’s house, Dean realises he must now call it—seems to shimmer jade and emerald and is almost soft enough to sleep in.
“Well, I just think it’s pretty obvious you like him, and that you should make a move before someone else does. He’s got a lot going for him, you know.”
He feels Cas smear the evidence of his orgasm against Dean’s skin, rubbing it in, and Dean should probably be tempted to become annoyed, but, heart light, limbs filled with sunlight, finds that he can’t.
“I—I am, thank you,” he says, but he must glance over to the balm sat beside his bed, because Alastair looks over at it too, and twitches a frown. “And you are, too?”
“I’m concerned,” Castiel presses, the frown twining at his features more beautiful than any silk embroidery.
“No, I’m perfectly sane,” Castiel answers. “But then,” he admits, “ninety-four percent of psychotics think they’re perfectly sane, so I guess we’d have to ask ourselves
Castiel asks, and rocks his weight back and forth on the ropeladder. Dean curses above him as he sways, fingers slipping before shoving the trapdoor open and clambering up.
Mara has stood up and pulls Castiel towards her for a hug. He laughs awkwardly, tearily, as she stands at least a head taller than him from where he sits on the floor, hugging him tightly.
tell me what it was that happened between the two of you, that made you break off the engagement—you don’t tell me anything! But you know what, Dean? You don’t even need to—I know you well enough—I
knew what Dean needed. He wants the shepherd’s hands on him again. Only a touch, only a graze, only a vague and gentle tracing along his skin. That would be enough.
Castiel remembers what Balthazar said—probably only joking, but still—about Dean ‘having daddy issues’, ‘liking bears’—or beards—or both. Whatever it is, the nurse in front of them doesn’t seem to fit any of these bills, which is reassuring—but then, Castiel thinks,
“Yes,” he agrees. He thinks of his father moving restlessly from town to town, ceasing to work or provide for his family, drinking until his speech was perpetually slurred and he, at least twice a month, pissed himself. Better in his bed than the streets and public places, where Dean’s face would burn with humiliation as he carried his stumbling father to wherever ‘home’ was, each time. He thinks of Adam making strange little talismans of each of them, after John and his own mother’s death, and how he would line them up and count them, over and over, each night before sleep. He thinks of himself, and the vice that closed over him after watching his mother—
“I’m—” Dean tears his gaze away from Castiel and looks out onto the street, staring at the light from his mother’s bedroom. Cas loving him… Cas promising to stay… Dean loving Cas but being unable to love him, Dean longing for Cas to stay but unable to ask… Dean’s mom watching Dean roll and reel and burn and blaze through all these years, even after her husband’s death, and saying nothing. If she were okay with Dean being queer, she would have said it by now. Wouldn’t she? “I’m
“I’m cool around you and Dorothy, right?” He asks. “Never… never said anything homophobic? Why do you assume…?”
“So—you’ll be proud of me, for this,” Dean says, “I think I saw some velvet shank in the woods, earlier this week. It ought to be big enough to eat, by now.”
“Well…” He doesn’t know what to say. There is a strange guilt that lingers around him over John’s death, because it happened on a night Dean had spent comforting Castiel over the death of his mother, which happened a decade ago. What right had Castiel to that grief, in the face of what was to come? What must Dean think of Castiel now? “You’ll… you’ll always have one with me, and my dad. Whenever you need it. Always.”
So, the second person he comes out to is Ellen. And he doesn’t even have to do the coming out. Never once does he say the words; and now he can’t, he’s crying too much. But Ellen doesn’t care, and Dean isn’t crying with sadness, any more—though his tears still bear the burning heat of the showers Dean scrubbed himself raw in, convinced he was dirty and broken beyond repair; his tears still carry the sting of John’s words and the corrupting fear of abandonment; they still carry the weight of nine years on fourteen years of blood and bitten flesh. But these are purer than before; misted with gratitude:
“Okay, this is controversial,” Meg sits back, “but I’m not sold on the whole ‘writing your own vows for your wedding’ thing.”
Dean’s mommy comes out a while later and smiles at Dean and Castiel in the way that Amelia used to smile when Gabriel played nicely with Castiel and didn’t tease him.
Dean sits bolt upright and fumbles with the clothes, getting changed quickly and nearly tripping over his shoes as he half tries to pull them off, half tries to untangle their laces. With Cas’s footsteps sounding down the corridor Dean pulls on the old sweats, but leaves the tee off, with a wild, lightheaded thought about Cas being impressed by his body and the two of them fucking their way through the night.
“Not that I know of,” Dean shakes his head. “He might eat the seagulls, given the chance, but that seems about it.”
David exclaimed. “You’re an Angel, you have an Angel name, I want to be able to say it as an Angel would.”
“No,” he answers, and the playful anger is gone, now everything is tenderness. “Not over this, when I’ve missed it, so.”
“Alright, big,” Dean laughs, and surprisingly, isn’t even annoyed. “A big garden,” he’s breathless, a stammer of breath like a child’s after hours of crying. “With trees. And Claire could come stay. Jack could—could come with us.”
“It is,” David confirmed. “And what are you going to do with it, Michael? What are you going to do with the dare that hope provokes? Sit with it? Only sit with it?”
Michael smiles affectionately, brushing the back of his forefinger against one of Castiel’s loose feathers,
Castiel likes this time, too. He likes that their shoulders are close enough so that they are touching, brushing each other softly, that Dean asks Castiel to read his favourite passages to him, and the look that will glass over Dean’s eyes as Castiel reads; that sometimes Dean’s hand will stray into Castiel’s hair and their lips will meet again for lingering kisses.
“No, I’m being serious,” Dean shakes his head. “You, uh. I haven’t seen you like this, in—it feels like a lifetime.”
“Mr Winchester took a tumble by the cliffs—” The shepherd calls back in answer, and a noise of alarm comes from the study.
His hand goes to the back of Cas’s head, he cradles it, turns it in toward his neck, where Cas’s tears smear hot on his skin. Dean’s chest tremors beneath Castiel’s; Castiel’s all but disintegrates. The room crumbles around them; warm waters stream at Dean’s face and Cas’s breath is rough as gravel against the curve of Dean’s shoulder. There is only this, and them, this raw and desperate moment and an entire landscape of regret which Dean cannot redeem, although he can give new soil for Cas to lay his roots down, wants nothing more than to provide this, to provide the shepherd with a reason to never leave, never leave again.
That Castiel is selling it now, after everything, is a betrayal, surely. His fingers fumble for the envelope which, coward that he is, Castiel is still too afraid to open.
Well, that’s a stupid question, Castiel realises. Sam knows Dean inside and out—and so if Dean really
“Dean—” He tries, but Dean groans beneath him at his name on Castiel’s lips. “Dean—” He attempts again, but Dean pulls him down for another claiming kiss.
who has hurt Sammy. And seeing as damage has already been done, and Dean is angry and bitter and grief crashes over him in waves that stop him from being able to breathe or think, he continues. “Or, I say ‘people’ move on, maybe I just mean
“Thank you,” Bobby says, drawing in a breath. “I’m glad to see the two of you are getting along,” he says, at which bitter wine seeps into Dean’s veins and his lip curls.
Convening churning tides of people and Dean’s hand tight in his own for fear of it slipping, although there should be no fear, now, the two have been made holy to one another, tied together, lives woven together in practice for decades and now woven together by law. Aged four, Dean taught Castiel how to love, even through all of his weakness, all of his sadness. What else will Dean teach him? Loving with instinct, with urgency, with a whole heart, two whole hearts. Like the simplest thing in the world. Though the road to it has been long.
“You’re kind, you know that? Like, you’re one of the grumpiest and stubbornest people I know, but you’re so damn kind, Cas. It always amazes me.”
“I’m—I’ve never had nice things—” Dean tries, but the moment he says it knows it isn’t true, and knows what a foolish answer it is.
Dean watches him go, leaning against the front door, which the kid left hanging open. Dean isn’t even ticked off. Once Jack has clambered on the bus, Dean waves, and closes it.
“Okay,” she turns back to Dean and Sam. “The end of God is in the special book. And if you give Betty the book, Betty can read it. Understand?”
Dean can’t be imagining it: Cas’s eyes are trained on Dean’s lips, which he can’t help but lick, nervous, and curious in a primitive kind of way in how exactly Cas will respond to the act.
“Not to me,” Michael says. “No… I’ve been a stranger to my own heart, this past year.” The voices nearby have gone distant with the strange intensity of this moment. As though they’re ringing through the walls of a cave. “I always liked you, Dean,” Michael states. “You were—a noisy—child. But you made Castiel so happy, when it seemed like nothing could. It’s so strange a thing, to see a child so small, and so sad.”
Michael wanted to scowl at his father’s words, something bitter and resentful coiling around his chest. Who was
Dean is definitely aware of how he and Castiel are touching, right now. And he’s not only instigated it, but is maintaining it.
“What do you have planned, Dean?” Castiel asks, turning to smile at Dean. Dean doesn’t miss the way Sammy smirks at him as Dean’s face heats.
Michael replies. His hand—Castiel had forgotten it was still resting on his shoulder—squeezes gently. The touch is meant to be comforting, but it sends something sinking like a stone in water down into Castiel’s gut.
Something is crying out, a piercing long sustained scream like a mirror shattered, all around him. A voice like knives, a voice in pain, a voice ancient and unknowable.
“My mom didn’t die in a car accident,” Castiel states. “It was hard for me to understand when it happened, I was so young. How do you talk to a child about death, anyway? And how do you talk to a child about
“I’m—My hands are—right here,” Castiel twists a frown, lifting his hands up to demonstrate his innocence on this front. Dean’s nearly shaking with silent laughter.
“I will not,” Cas shakes his head. “Remember, Winchester, who bought you this coat. Accordingly, I’ll offer you as many compliments as I like.”
Dean writes to Castiel every chance he gets, just as he promised. He isn’t sure what he and Cas became during the Angels’ time in Hera—something strange and complex and simple and glittering like the delicate light of the stars in the sky. He liked this odd, intricate, pure kinship he felt with Castiel’s soul. He misses it so much that his heart burns.
Castiel turns back to Dean from where he squats, on the floor, packing the last of his things into his backpack, and frowns.
“That’s very kind of you,” he nods, taking the box of cookies and bunch of flowers from Dean when Mary pushes him gently forward, reminding him what his job here is. “Thank you.”
“Okay…” Castiel says, and watches him go, face heating with the knowledge of what Dean is about to go and do.
“If you’re sure,” Castiel says, unconvinced. He seems vaguely nervous, but with a stillness to his worry Dean would never expect to see in anyone else. He’d never expect to see much of what Cas is, in anyone else. “I’d hate to be the cause of some sibling feud.”
Dean looks at her sadly. Her eyes shine again. His throat has closed up. He tries to speak several times, but finds that he can’t. Finally, he manages,
He’s met by an much, much older boy than him with a pair of amber eyes that match his bronze hair. He wears a gray hoodie and black converses, and something about him seems kind of scruffy, like he’s deliberately messy and doesn’t care what grown-ups think of him. The older boy smiles down at Dean, but something in the expression seems sad, like he’s lying even by smiling.
Those damn expressive and inscrutable eyes; how could something be both? How does Jimmy say so much and so little: ‘
“And I’m glad I’ve got you,” Castiel replies, his voice quiet and gravelly. Something not quite possessive, though close to it, has burnt itself deep into his expression and his tone. Dean wants to bury himself in it. The moment they lie in shimmers with a sacred intensity.
And as each day they draw closer to this promised impossible portal, Castiel draws further away from whatever vague hope there might have been that he could make it through. If the gateway is for humans, and perhaps for that which used to be human, how could Castiel, who was never human in the first place and who loses grip on his human form every day, have a hope of making it through? Soon his vessel will be lost, he’s sure of it. Soon all that will be left will be the burn and sear of his true form. So no, there’s little hope of his return to earth.
to the trips Dean and Claire take to do groceries, filled with teasing and grins and eye rolls and quips. Jack is just quiet and thoughtful and spends a lot of the time frowning.
“Somebody had tried to drown him,” Claire says, looking back to Dean with big, moon-like eyes made bigger by her generous smear of eyeliner around each of them. “Can you believe that?” She asks, and something crackles in her voice. “All his brothers and sisters didn’t survive, they found him in a sack at the edge of a lake, and we couldn’t leave him, we just looked at him and
He lies awake that night, staring into the empty space above him. He doesn’t know what to do; or how to react. He doesn’t know if he should tell Dean all of this—he doesn’t know if he should tell Dean, now; write to him and say all that has happened—or if he should wait until he next sees the Human, face to face.
“Hello?” He tries again—he tries to ignore the timid waver in his voice as he speaks. “Is anyone there? Are you alright?”
Dean takes an unsteady step back. He glances away, around, and his eyes alight on a bluegray bird with bright yellow beak. Alastair smiles when he realises the direction of Dean’s attention.
blue jays are symbols of loyalty. dean deserves more of that. i think cas might just give it to him:)
At this, Castiel’s daddy squeezes him softly and ruffles at Cassie’s hair. Castiel wrinkles his nose and ruffles his father’s in return, which earns another warm chuckle from Jimmy’s lips.
He swore loudly again and shot an arrow into a rotting tree in frustration, before dashing back to his horse, rubbing at the sore patch on his forehead, and mounting. He clicked, and his horse began to gallop, his dogs following after him.
clothes, so quit complainin’,” Dean grins, as waves beat against them in a steady soft-firm pulse. “At least you’re wearin’ shorts!”
“Well… If it helps, I’ll be here—like I was then, when I was smart enough to realise how you felt, how scared you were. If it helps, just look at me, when you’re up there. You’ll ace it, obviously Cas, because it’s you doing this, and they’ll love you. But if you feel nervous, look at me.” Dean smiles softly, and lowers is voice even further. “I’ll be rooting for you.”
The Demon pulls out a chair without invitation—much to the disgruntlement of Crowley, who bristles noticeably but says nothing.
Castiel is left staring at his phone, wondering why Dean didn’t think to share this news with him, yesterday.
“Green,” Castiel answers. Then he sniffs, looking down. He can make out Dean’s body shifting in his peripherals, communicating the extent of the green eyed man’s feelings of awkwardness.
“What did you say?” Dean asks. He stares at Castiel, but cannot nearly mimic the intensity of Castiel’s gaze upon his face.
Dean notices that Cas still looks a little uncertain as Dean fastens the bridle and saddle on the horse, and raises his eyebrows at the Angel.
“Why?” Dean asks. “When I said her name, when I first mentioned her, it was like you’d seen a ghost.”
Which is fine with Dean, he’s sure he doesn’t interview well, and he redirects most questions to Cas as if Cas would be able to
Dean pays for the stagecoach—which is, probably, what Sam planned for all along. They catch it late into the night, Adam seems sad there’s little of the landscape he’ll be able to make out, but soon falls asleep on Sam’s shoulder in the awkward, jolting carriage, starting awake often at every ditch and hump the rickety wooden wheels encounter. The stagecoach stops a few miles short of Singer’s farm, which the coach driver refers to more than once as ‘the Eerie’—probably some in-joke about how God-forsaken the place must be. The man in tones and language Dean has to frown to understand, directs them along a long dirt road cloaked on either side by trees. They get lost more than once before finding their way so that from their journey from Plymouth to the coachstation to Mr Singer’s farm, evening has dipped into night and again, rises into the mists of dawn. Eventually the damp and treecloaked path opens out into view of Mr Singer’s farmhouse, clothed in thin wisps of fog and blanketed by hills.
He takes a hold of Dean’s wrist and pulls it down to take a closer look. Dean shifts, as though one part embarrassed, and another part tempted to wrench his forearm out of Castiel’s grip.
“Join me?” He asks, and Dean swallows again, throat rippling and constricting as the sun sets its tone to a pale, sturdy yellow.
Dean doesn’t know how to reply, but Ellen has left before Dean even has a chance to turn and look at her to work out what she means.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, though a smile does catch at his lips. “You’ve said. C’mon. We’ll do some more, tomorrow. But
“No,” Dean says, quickly, “I mean, it was nothin’ I was bein’ dumb and drunk,” He looks away, laughing nervously. “You know how I am.”
“I wasn’t listening to the advice of my brothers,” Castiel answers. “Or, I suppose, the advice of my heart.” He looks at Dean, then at the floor. Dean can’t stop staring, heart twitching nervously. “But I am, now…” He says, softly. He looks up. Dean almost recoils at the intensity of his gaze. “I am, now,” He repeats. “But—Sam—I can’t believe we’re talking about me
“Aye, it’s hungry work, roaming the hills,” the shepherd nods seriously, though something in the gesture is mythic and ethereal, as though, in a moment’s moment, he will begin gushing proverbs and riddles each two halves of one whole. “Take dinner with me?” He cocks an eyebrow at Dean.
“Damn, I can’t even remember when I last dreamt of being a rock star,” he shakes his head. “It went rock star, and then that kind of just evolved into being this dream about becoming a musician—but then
“I had this grave built when he died—” Michael gestures to the statue. “He would have scorned me for it; he would have thought it too big and filled with pretention—he liked things quiet and tucked away—” Michael trembles. “—So I had him buried here. This was our place. Nobody else in the world comes here. The waters are too deep, the Island too small to be of any use, too isolated to be a home—the mothers in the city used to tell tales of how these waters were haunted… I don’t know if they still do… This island made no home for those in Eofor. But it is a good enough home for the departed—especially my own.”
Perhaps this will make Dean leaving Castiel behind easier. Make it easier for Dean, at least. It could never be easy for Castiel.
Jael didn’t need to stop Uriel and ask him how he had come to know about the supposedly secret plans for Prince Castiel’s engagement,
He thinks of Cas and what might’ve happened if the two of them had gotten together at Charlie’s party all those years ago, instead of Cas and Samandriel, Lisa and Dean. Would they have stayed together? Would they have fought? Would they have split up amicably, like Charlie and Dorothy, only to be reunited years later, and gotten engaged within the month? He swallows the last of his drink and shakes his head imperceptibly as Dorothy gets distracted by some old colleagues and goes to say hello.
kind of deal it was he latched onto when he pulled out of the Demon war; but the only contact he’s received from the Demons is a letter of Crowley’s well-wishes upon their arrival home, stating that all Demon troops had withdrawn from the Human battlegrounds, and that Hera’s soldiers were returning home.
Michael rasps back, glancing up and around them to make sure nobody can overhear their conversation.
“Hello,” Jack says, again. He holds up his hand in greeting and Cas’s chest is twisted dandelion yellow.
“So go make him some food,” Sam rolls his eyes. “There’s your solution.” Dean offers his brother an obscene gesture. Castiel jolts when something wet touches his hand. He jumps again when he looks down and realises his hand is getting licked by a dog.
“Yeah?” Dean asks, all breathless hope. It makes Castiel laugh; the absurdity, at this point, of asking, of needing it confirmed.
Claire cries. She dives forward to wrap her arms around Castiel and press her head against his chest. She weeps silently. Castiel finds himself crying, too. First for Claire, then for himself, then for his dad.
“—But my plan for dear Samuel was, little King,” Lucifer continues coolly, “to have him fed from birth an amount of Demon blood.”
“I didn’t say I didn’t want you to…” Castiel looks at Dean, whose eyes flicker back up to Castiel’s face. “…I just—I thought you should know, before you did. If you still wanted to, that is.”
“You’re gonna let me process, dammit,” Dean shakes his head, blinking out tears. “You never fuckin’ let me process.”
“Michael,” she said, voice low. She was no longer able to raise it above something scarcely louder than a whisper. He looked up from his work, expression blank, but gaze speaking volumes.
None of this is making any sense. He glares at the Angel while fear and confusion continue to swirl murkily inside his gut.
Nonetheless, he thanks the knight and excuses himself, his heart aching with the familiar burning stab of regret and loss and resentment that has been drowning him for what feels like years, now.
Castiel frowns, ready to protest at the several injustices of what Gabriel has just said, but Jimmy places a quietening hand on his shoulder.
“She’s welcome to stay any time,” Sonny smiles. “All of them are. Obviously—your uh, four year old going on college student will be living with you, for now. But the others, I mean—assuming you say yes to all of this.”
“Metatron—the—the Grigori—” The messenger looks unsure of how to proceed. Michael makes a noise of impatience. “—has escaped,” they finish, and shake either with the words, or exhaustion, or both. “I was sent to inform you—”
“Don’t be,” Jimmy brushes off quickly. “But I’ll ask again, and I really want an answer.  An honest one. And I want you to keep on answering, when I ask you—whether I ask you a week from now, a year, or ten years, it doesn’t matter. I want you to tell me. I always want you to tell me.”
Michael lifted the creature in his arms toward the King, who wanted in an instant nothing more than to lash out, hit it away, across the room, away from the limp body of his wife, surrounded by blood-stained sheets and the reek of loss.
“Will you miss your dad?” The girl turns to Castiel with her big, brown eyes. Dean wants to be fiddling with something, but has nothing to hold on to, so just fumbles with his fingers as Cas continues to pointedly give him the silent treatment. Which, all things considered, Dean can’t exactly blame him for.
“Oh my gosh, this is so exciting!” Tamara beams, bouncing a little in her seat. “You and Samandriel are back together!”
But Castiel understands Dean—in a way that Dean hasn’t been understood by anyone else—even though the Angel is pretty damn limited in his social skills; he’s perceptive—at least of what Dean feels, and Dean definitely likes that. He’s spent his whole life feeling like nobody will ever be able to understand him. But Castiel
who not only wasn’t there for him, not only wasn’t there, holding his hand, like he’d always promised he would, but had broken Castiel’s heart a couple of weeks earlier.
“When you get married, it’s a promise,” Jimmy continues. “A promise to stick with the person you married, a promise to stand by them, to carry on loving them, even when it gets difficult. It’s a promise to be their friend, and very importantly, they promise all those things
Dean stops with a huff and the muffled sound of drawers opening and clothing being messed around with ceases. Something lands with a thump down the line.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean shakes his head, sliding off Castiel. Castiel sits up. The two of them are perched closer now than they were before Dean started his tickling match. “Talk that way and I can’t see you getting too lucky, not unless the recipient finds you as adorable as
Dean looks serious, grumpy. His brow is set in an uncooperative frown, and if Castiel hadn’t expected this at his admittedly incessant prodding, he’d be taken aback, perhaps even upset at the scowling, teenage expression scrawled across Dean’s features. As it is, and even after all these years, he knows Dean well. Very well, and dearly. And so he prods a little more.
He can barely breathe for several minutes, so that’s all he concentrates on. In, out, and Castiel’s eyes.
“Yes, I hear she’s a bit of a gay icon,” Meg feigns a thoughtful frown. A muscle in Dean’s jaw twitches.
His voice cracks around the words. The air is squeezed from Dean’s lungs. He wills the saltwater away from his eyes.
“It wouldn’t be fair if you were on the same team, anyway,” Jo approaches, though Cas looks comically wary of her, after her earlier attack.
“Do you like bees?” He asks. Bees are Castiel’s favourite. He hopes Dean likes them, too, though he isn’t very sure why: ordinarily he’d be more than happy having nothing to talk about with this boy, and wandering back upstairs to his bedroom, to be on his own. Dean looks back up. His big green eyes flicker as though he is thinking. He doesn’t answer straight away.
with Castiel, after finding out that Castiel likes men. “She’s… very pretty. I didn’t mean what I said. You two would make a good couple… You should go for that, you know?”
Vision blurred by the itch of tears, uncontainable, he rummages through one of his drawers for his old notebook, the one he used to scrawl songs into when his heart felt ready to burst; the
“Purgatory means purification. Means liminal space. It’s only natural, I suppose, that I’d lose my grip on the comfort of boundaries, and return to what I used to be.”
He goes and does as Balthazar says—schmoozes his ass off, because he wants to be able to get back to his phone and talk to Sammy, Jo and Ellen—and, he guesses, maybe even Mary—as soon as possible. Unfortunately, by the end of the night—well, it’s the small hours of the morning—he’s a couple too many champagne flutes and fancy cocktails in. These are often given to him by
“I don’t plan to,” Dean chuckles, because really, who could he possibly tell? “It’s still strange for me to see how
Cas’s lips taste so damn good—everything that Dean missed for those months of absence plus a sheen of spirits on top of them.
“You’re not—” Dean cuts himself short when he notices the smile on Cas’s face. “Why are other Angels so withdrawn, compared to you? And why are you not?”
Working for Balthazar—Cas’s boyfriend—while Dean is still, very much, soul-clawingly in love with Cas? Working for Balthazar, and writing, by the sounds of it, teenage love songs for his soundtrack while Dean’s teenage years were
Dean watches the man, frown pinned to his features. The candles between them flicker in something, but there’s no draught which Dean could pin it on. Madra watches Dean with curious eyes. Dean frowns down at her, before returning his gaze to the shepherd.
Finally, finally, he’s ached for it, longed for it, jealously bled for it as Samandriel traced his lips against Dean’s best friend, and now,
him,” Castiel points out, shaking his head. “And how could I not? If you would just get to know him, you’d be unable
“What the fuck are you talking—” Dean squints at his brother, lost. “Who’s ‘they’? What are you talking about, Sammy?”
Even though Dean hates the phrase, there’s not really any other way to describe it—they make love that night, slow and gentle and perfect and so, so good, and snow builds up round the edges of the window panes which steam up at their movements.
off,” she shakes her head. “No doubt Castiel will be looking after her, until late tonight. He’s written that her neighbours will mind her when he has to take leave. You probably ought to make sure that Madra is fed.”
Samandriel looks up, something fierce and hard and grim set in the lines of his features. He doesn’t look nearly so pretty now, cheeks wet, eyes red, features firm and unforgiving.
“They speak of his brother,” Michael shrugs. “Of my brother. Two creatures, different in kind, united by—”
you’re inhabiting the body, inhabiting the mood and inhabiting the moment of that time, how it felt and how
“See you soon,” Castiel smiles. Michael nods, glancing at Dean. Then he looks back at Castiel and smiles.
“He saved me,” he hardens himself again, and looks at Jack’s hopeless eyes and feels jealous, and angry, and thinks,
“I mean,” Dean cradles his drink in his hand, and takes a long breath in. “I don’t know… That I couldn’t really say it, even then. But he guessed it. I, at the time… I wasn’t really able to admit to myself that he guessed it. It would’ve made it too real. I wasn’t really ready—I could barely say it to myself for so long, even though I knew I was in love with—” he laughs hoarsely and cuts himself off and gestures, vaguely, in the direction of Cas.
Dean’s bones seem to lurch, his ribs crack with the ghost blow of kicks aimed upon him in a dark and piss-soaked alley.
He stows the notebook back in his pocket. It’s wrong that he should be reading it, no matter the addictive agony it draws from him to read and reread these simple, perfect, earnest words—but as he does so, his finger catches on another piece of paper folded neatly there. He pulls it out, and doesn’t know if he feels surprised at the sight of his father’s letter. He’d almost forgotten about it, with the chaos of the night—but now he looks at it, it seems to weigh more than all the books in the world, and causes his heart to cramp up inside his chest. His father’s final, unknowing words to Castiel. He trembles with it, and everything he knows now, and wipes his eyes.
“Since we saw each other last,” Castiel answers. He presses his lips into a thin line. “I thought it was the fact that we joined the Demon-Human war, to begin with, but I’m starting to think that it
“You still look like you,” Dean says, staring into the eyes which was him with silverblue light. Castiel laughs and shakes his heads, but Dean doesn’t respond, keeps staring. His soul dances golden light, as it always has, flushes and embers of beauty which Castiel has always wanted to lie beside. “I mean it,” Dean says eventually. “Your eyes… something in them…”
“Or,” Gabriel amends with an unusually nervous laugh, far out of his typical character, “as fine as we
to do it—not because he was being forced, but because the idea of letting down his father was too much for him to handle.
respond to dozens of pages of knotted love poems dedicated to him? Being released, without Dean’s consent?
“No,” He shakes his head, the skittering nerves of Ellen apparently infectious. “I was just looking for him. What’s—what’s happened?”
“It’s just—” Castiel bites his lip. “—It’s seen as a kind of intimacy in Angel culture—it’s supposed to mean a lot if someone touches your wings—
His ring finger catches on something plastic and flat. He frowns and rummages again, finding and pulling it out, heart stopping—a small baggie of a light brown powder.
“I may be childish,” she admitted, “but there is nothing shameful in seeing beauty in the world. Deliberate cruelty, however, is not forgivable.” Her face hardened, “And if Henriksen were any kind of king proud of his people and their religion, he would know that hunting defenceless animals is a right that
“Nobody worked it out,” Dean shakes his head, “not until it was too late. Not even Jimmy. You were a
He writes, just as he promised. But it’s hard for him to find the time, and when Cas is gone, everyone around him notices a change in Dean. He closes off. Always, he closes off. Now he can’t sleep without Cas beside him. He can’t vent or speak about how he feels—he reflects that any day now his heart may burst from the ache and strain that his life is putting on it—Dean was not meant for this. He knows it. He was never meant to be a King—be he a stand-in one or not.
“I’ll show you next time we go to the woods. We can try and catch it! They look like little dragons.”
Lucifer stumbles out, but Michael shoots after him—all of them do: he has the book. At the top of the stairs, they spot him—Michael shoots another bolt, sparks shower down from above them—Dean shouts at Sam to duck, takes hold of Jack’s shoulders and forces the kid down, away from the line of fire. Jack is shuddering—with what—fear? Dean can’t blame him, but then, it’s not the first time Jack’s seen this kind of power—ordinarily he
know what to do, to make it right. You—you had every right to hate me at the time, and every right to hate me, now. Even when—back when you
Dean glances over to the other boy and sees that he’s pointing to the big poster over Dean’s bed. It has three dragons on it, one only a shadow flying in a bright blue sky, one with flashing eyes breathing fire, and another reared onto its hind legs, wings flared behind it.
“And you’re not too bad yourself,” Cas replies, and Dean snorts and grazes his teeth against the curve between Cas’s shoulder and neck.
“No, obviously,” Dean’s head-shaking at this response to Castiel is near frantic. “I just—I just thought about what I was good at, you know? As in, what  could do for you—and it wasn’t much, but this—”
Castiel asks, watching as a pretty, dark, wavy haired human enters the hall, curtseying respectfully to Queen Bela. She looks only a few years older than Castiel.
“Saying the world still needs changing, saying racism still exists, I don’t know,” Dean sighs. “The guy’s a square, always has been. I mean, we’re meant to be
Castiel thinks of the time they used to spend together, knotted in the darkness, while Dean asked questions about the mountains, about the myths, about the magic.
Castiel makes a noise of confirmation as they make their way down the stairs of the house, a little too embarrassed to turn to Dean and confirm this any further. There’s something too suggestive in the phrase, and Dean seems to think so too, because he sounds flustered when he, rather clumsily, changes the subject.
“This one,” Alastair says, standing in front of a closed stall door, “is new. Bred in the Netherlands—had a long journey to get here. She wasn’t cheap,” he smiles. “You’ll see why.”
“I’ve just had longer to accept it,” Cas replies. Dean’s jaw clenches. Surely years of suppressing love would rot the wound further, not diminish it?
Hope you all enjoyed that one ! i was gonna make it sadder and longer, but decided against it. so you have that content to look forward to :)
“We’re gonna have to move him, eventually,” Jody says. “He can’t just lie down here forever. He needs bedrest.”
“Dean, calm down, and we can talk this through,” Castiel soothes, “—and talk it through with Adam.” But Dean shakes his head fiercely. “Don’t yet jump to conclusions, beloved—”
His brother peers gently at him while he speaks. “So I went to see mom—to talk to her about you, and on top of that, the Novaks, now—and—I guess I wanted to talk to her about some other stuff… But,” Dean laughs, “she was fucking useless, of course. Said she couldn’t handle worrying about you with everything else that was going on, that I shouldn’t have shouted at you—well, she was right about that—and then she said that I was only making it worse… And the other stuff that I wanted to talk to her about,” Dean swallows thickly, but his eyes are burning. “Well… She just… She didn’t even allow a window for it. Just… shut me out. So I stormed out. And Cas was selling, and it was all hitting me, and I felt like I didn’t have a home, and I’d just reached out to mom, which hadn’t worked, and I’d just cut you off, and I felt as though Cas had cut
When they arrive at capital, their ship is moored and fastened and they are greeted by Demon noblemen who lead Dean and his advisers to the citadel. They dress in deep reds and golds of what must be silk, matching the rich desert sands that surround the Demon lands. Most of them wear loose hoods over their heads in order to keep the beating dry sun off of them.
“It’s okay,” Dean shudders out, and then, because it’s what he needed to hear, the night Cas came back, “it’s real. He’s here, Claire. I’m sorry for everything. I’m so sorry. But he’s real.”
Dean looks down to his hand, resting on Cas’s forearm. He drifts it down to tangle Cas’s fingers with his. Cas watches, too, all fascination and wonder.
“It’s not just that,” Dean shakes his head, eyes watering. “Don’t you dare—it’s not just that you never said it would be
Michael’s jaw sets; in spite of the hit, he doesn’t stop his approach. When he’s close enough, he swings a punch at Lucifer which knocks him back several feet, but Lucifer is ready again, and the earth around Michael quakes, and tremors, and some great rift forms between them as the ground itself splits.
Michael pushes over the parchment for Dean to sign. He scans the contents of the page before doing so; apparently concluding that nothing of its nature appears to have been omitted by Michael.
“What is ahead is… very dim. I cannot return to what is behind. My father doesn’t love me, perhaps could never. I was his… tin soldier, his…”
“So I thought you weren’t coming,” he says again. Dean realises that his hands are shaking. He balls them and stuffs them into his pockets, self-conscious.
Anna greets, seated on the end of a bed, which is covered with bright orange sheets that seem almost on fire, the colour of the sun. Michael is stood opposite her, arms folded.
that. Do you hear me, Dean?” He asks. Dean closes his mouth, looking a little guilty. “I hate when you’re self-destructive. I hate when you act like your problems are nobody else’s business, as if you’re not a social creature, whose life affects other people’s lives. Your life impacts
Alastair is close. The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck are raised. Alastair is close, and stepping closer. Dean doesn’t know whether to dip his head or raise it in defiance. Something in the man freezes him. Somehow, Dean suspects that either way, he’d end up losing. There are ghost fingers at his elbow, but he isn’t sure if they’re real or imagined. The door creaks as it is pushed and he nearly sighs in relief.
“I’m going to go get drinks,” He shakes his head, determined to cool himself off. “What can I get you?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Dean shakes his head, making his way to the edge of the roof to climb down, like he always does. “Nothing matters… None of it… Go to Cambridge… Leave me, leave, leave… Go…”
“You make it better,” Dean says, and Castiel falters. “You make the anger better,” he clarifies. “When you’re not around, it’s… It’s like I’m even
“You’d be better asking me to till your soil,” he answers honestly. “That’s where my true talent lies.”
Even in Dean’s balled fists, his body still twitches marginally, as though this is the most mortifying experience of his life, as though he wishes he could be a thousand miles away from here.
You thought I was done making these characters change and grow and confront things that they find hard and expand and thrive and reconsider? You were WRONG! I live for the minutiae of healing and understanding.
“We have time for a little tour around, if you’d like,” principal Colt informs Castiel as they exit from his office. “Or maybe you’d rather wait in the staff room—?”
“Yeah, I figured you’d say something like that,” he says. A nervous muscle in Dean’s jaw works. “Listen… I’m saying… I’m saying nothing I could think of felt like enough.”
“Maybe you don’t want it,” Dean says, and seems to steel himself to recoil. Intuitively, and without realising it until it’s done, Castiel doesn’t give him the chance.
Dean swallows thickly. His whole upper body quakes with the action, he moves his hands to the steering wheel and grips tight, knuckles whitening in the static car.
Often, he feels weak. His heart is like a cavern. Not here. Here, for now, he is free. Perhaps for the last time in his life. Golden grass beneath his fingertips, walking through shining fields. Mountains on the horizon. A fair sun in the sky. Vast golden fields. This could be paradise. Beyond him, the mountains.
Jack gives him a look. A look which knows and sees the waning grace skittering about Castiel’s frame, a look which knows the quiet and minute work Castiel has performed up here in heaven, now that its corners are propped up neatly and its people are happy. There’s little left: it ticks over like the hands of time, grows and flourishes like a permanent spring. Even if Castiel
“Hey, I just said if we agreed to write our own vows, I’d only end up forgetting about it until the wedding rehearsal, and then make
“Screw propriety,” Dean bites, a little harsher than he had perhaps intended. “Sorry,” he shakes his head quickly, reprimanding himself internally for the taken aback look now smeared across Benny’s features. “I didn’t—”
he shakes his head fiercely, “not exactly…” God, this is agony. “Yes—kind of—well,” he couldn’t be redder. “Every time I’ve been with a man—I’ve been—I’ve never been able to do it sober,” he finally gets out. “Even—like, in college, I could only even
Dean’s throat is tight. Any sound at all struggles to escape from it, let alone excuses which might cover him and his brother.
“So,” a voice sounds behind Dean, and he’d know the troubled firmness anywhere, the weight of an absent, expectant father bearing down upon it, even in a single syllable. “You survived.”
Castiel stretches what little he can feel of his wings behind him. Rickety uneven bone, the flaking away of final feathers. The light in Dean’s room flickers and Dean watches the stretching shadows behind Castiel with an unending sadness and shame echoing in his eyes.
“The spirit of it: amen—to speak into being. I spoke, in the armoury, and spoke my happiness into being. Now I speak it to you—will it bring forth happiness, for you? I hope it can. I love you.”
“Oh, and your father!” Crowley exclaims, snapping his fingers, as though only just remembering this. “It really
I hope you've enjoyed it. it's been something for me to be proud of - really, genuinely proud, I think, and the first piece of "literature", whatever that means, I feel I've managed to produce. It's not over, by the way - there'll be 5 follow-up chapters documenting Dean and Cas's lives, the wedding, married life, their kids. but this really is where it draws an official close, and if this were a book, and not a fanfic where, as I said, I can be as indulgent as I like, it'd probably end here. but I don't want it to just yet.
“I do,” Michael confirmed, chest tight. Even now, his soul flickered at the edges of his being—he could feel it doing so. It wanted to return. Wanted to return home to David.
“We will,” Castiel frowns, stubborn, as always. “I’ll come back for the holidays, and for summer, and in England, a bachelor’s is only three years—”
“Uh…” Dean falters. “Sure.” His cheeks are red in the pale moonlight. “Sure,” he repeats, nodding. “No problem. It’ll be like a—a going away present,” he smiles. “Not goodbye, though,."
“So you’re pissed off with me,” Dean breaks the silence, hands gripping and turning at the steering wheel.
Only one woman he had ever met had spoken to him like his name was filth, like she did not respect him,
There’s no escape from it now, not when Dean is standing in front of Jimmy’s casket in the ground, Jimmy’s casket containing Jimmy’s body, now utterly barren, inert. A sickening thought. It wrenches at both Dean’s heart and his stomach. Is this how normal people grieve? Feeling as though they’re going to be sick, sick with the weight of their loss?
He makes it out of the furnace, and oh, what a coward he is for it. All that drives him forward is the child in his arms.
“You’re a baby,” Dean beams, but slips his hand into Castiel’s and consents to begin the long journey back to the citadel with the Angel. “And I’ll thrash you, if we duel, tomorrow.”
“I guess you and Mr Winchester managed to stay buddies all this time,” Aiden states, with no idea of how much of a loaded conversation this is.
Dean’s eyes graze over to Balthazar, and his jaw clenches. Castiel marks the way he swallows thickly and how painful it looks, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down slowly and jarringly, as though it doesn’t want to move. Suddenly Dean rips his eyes away from the pair, but his features are still sloped, his lips curl.
the wind. And he becomes a hurricane. Shoulders rip from arms and sinews separate into the viscera of red webbing, all of it is beautiful disgusting joy and a force burns and brands tighter around Dean’s forearm: if the mark is poison then it’s poison made seductive and sweet. Death tastes like honey. Dean’s blood is singing with the glory of it. Could it be so bad?
Finally, it seemed as though Mary had pushed too far. The boy glared at her, breathing deeply, in and out, for several long seconds—it felt more like an agonising lifetime, and Mary was just beginning to calm down and berate herself for being so rude, so unkind, to a stranger who seemed only to be the way he was because of the lenses through which he saw the world—but then the boy spoke again.
a lot of middle aged bald guys there,” he chuckles at Dean’s mouth-split expression. “I’ll have to take you, sometime.”
Cas’s eyes narrow, he, visibly, withdraws himself and rebuilds hundreds of interior walls in a matter of seconds—walls that have taken this long just to begin to break down. Dean’s heart all but fractures in an instant.
to do everything together. And now we don’t. It’s almost like, I don’t know—people move on?” He squints sarcastically over at his brother, who looks down. He should leave it there; what he has just said is mean and dry and thoughtless enough, and Sam is once again doing that wounded puppy look, the one that used to make Dean turn into a big, angry, overprotective brother who wanted to hurt
Dean sends the message to the Demon Kingdoms of his plans for withdrawing from the war five weeks into his reign over Hera. The reply is almost instantaneous.
She loved the smell of this place, loved the stillness—she was not the only one, apparently, and had hardly noticed the doe and fawn that approached the stream she sat beside until they were just in front of her. She kept still, pulse quickening with delight—so still that she thought she could hardly breathe, joy filling her system.
And this is John’s final blazon: that, willing to die in order to save others, Dean cannot unravel the knots of his own heart and pull the thorns John placed there from it—because John, willing to die and having done so for others, is braver and harder and worthier than Dean, who cannot help but grieve him. He cannot help but grieve the camping trips and weekends fishing, learning how to catch a baseball, throw a football. He grieves at Mary’s tears and is torn by Sammy’s sobs; feels himself an unworthy brother and contemptible son for his complicated, bruised sorrow. Dean, who cannot help his anger, cannot help his shame, cannot help his sense of injustice and cling to the image of fatherhood Jimmy presents to him, also cannot help but wonder if, all along, John was right. And this is John Winchester’s final failing. But it is Mary who, in her shaken silence, sustains it.
“Dean,” Castiel tries, but Dean is riling himself up, and ignores him. The light from Dean’s house is still on.
“I take no issue with the blood or bone of birds of prey,” Dean says. “But my indifference cannot match your obsession.”
It’s evening by the time they’re done; Mary comes home and frowns curiously at Dean but doesn’t interrupt him. Sam is nowhere to be seen.
intensely—or at least, not as intensely as I do, it would seem. And you Humans—whenever I read any of your poetry or stories, the emotions were always described so passionately. Anything from fury to love could shatter a person. And I understood. And I think I wanted to be with people who understood, too.”
Enough. Enough. He doesn’t want to have to talk to Dean any more, to talk about anything. He doesn’t care. He’s moved on. He wants to grieve. Can’t Dean just let him grieve in peace?
“I, uh—” Dean’s eyes are glittering. Why do they glitter? Why is he so sad? “This is a song I wrote—about—” He swallows and looks down. “About—some stupid, teenage heartbreak I went through,” his voice has taken on the signature self-deprecating tone. “You know the ones,” he laughs bitterly, and the audience joins in. Balthazar swears irritatedly under his breath, probably at Dean’s style or manner of speech, but this time Castiel doesn’t feel the need to reprimand him. “Of course you know the ones,” Dean continues, expression wry and upset. “Doubt we’d have nearly so many customers if you’d all married your high school sweethearts.”
“You’re going to walk differently through this world than men of your class would, remember that—and remember that those men, and men of my rank, and almost every other man in this world, will want to keep it that way—
“It doesn’t matter,” he says. “They stop mattering. That’s the point, that’s the thing. It all becomes meaningless. But not my time with you. Not one second, when it’s with you.”
“When did this happen?” Dean asks, laughing bitterly at Castiel-doesn’t-quite-know-what, his tone unimpressed and disillusioned.
Sammy cuts himself off and attempts to slam the door, but Dean presses his forearm up against it and slips his foot between the door and the frame, successfully stopping this attempt at shutting him out. He winces at the pain that the force of the thick door caused on his foot and arm.
“No, he definitely hasn’t,” Anna grins widely, pinching Castiel lightly on his wing. “If his head were any further up in the clouds, we wouldn’t be able to see it.”
And when did you become so fucking petty? What the hell is up with you?! I’ve said I’m cool with it, I think I’ve proven it—what more do you want me to say?!”
After the forced, necessary cordiality of their reunion in the Main Hall, it feels good to share this unadulterated intimacy within the confines and privacy of Dean’s bedroom.
Dean takes a hold of Castiel’s hand as they cross the road, even though it’s empty. Castiel looks up to his daddy, nervous, and
gonna have to sort out. ‘Cause half of the crap in here, pretty much, is either yours, or dad’s. Who has time for that? Especially when, as you keep on pointing out, they live in Edinburgh? Four thousand miles is a long way to be downsizing from.”
“You taught me a lot,” Dean smiles out tears. Cas smiles back, something so small Dean only registers because of how fucking
Eventually drawn by the panging desire to be with Dean again, Castiel makes his way to leave. He smiles at the old librarian, who returns the look and bows his head back.
gets a happy ending. Maybe a lucky few—maybe Cas and Samandriel will, if everything turns out alright. And shouldn’t Dean want them to be happy? Shouldn’t Dean want, more than anything,
“Fine. But not loyalty to you, either. And when you killed him, that released all kinds of power. God-power.”
In the end, yes, Bobby is helped up by Sam. And after Mick yawns and offers them a warm goodnight, and merry Chritmas, he leaves only Dean and the shepherd in the room.
Dean beams, pushing Cas back so that the shepherd is sitting on his bed. Dean straddles him. “Mo anam cara,” he says, over and over again, littering his face with kisses.
He doesn’t trust the Angels like he used to—he scoffs at his younger self for being so childishly convinced of their righteousness, of their purity and wisdom and grace. His mother had explained that becoming an adult meant understanding that those you idolise are flawed, too. He understands this, at least. He understands whenever he walks in on the king, alone in his quarters or in the main hall, his face blotchy and red, crying because of the loss of his beloved wife, surrounded by empty bottles of sweetened wine; his speech slurred and bitter with regret.
“You were always my rich friend,” he decides. “You always had money, my family didn’t. I never resented you for it—but don’t act like money doesn’t matter, when you don’t know what it is to
rumbling at the Human’s voice. But the little hope he had lit inside the cage of his chest dissipates quickly as he turns to face Dean, his frame rigid and face set in unreadable resolution.
Every night he can, he spends here. Nobody seems to notice. Waking up to the shepherd in the small space of the croft… falling asleep with Cas on the narrow bed, woven into each others arms… Sometimes Madra will clamber onto the bed and lie on top of them, which makes Dean laugh, a limb curling laugh, and Cas grumble that she was never so badly behaved, before Dean started spending all his time here.
“This,” says Alastair, with pride and possession, “is a red kite. They don’t keep as pets. But I keep her. She’s something cruel, you should see her hunt.”
Dean hadn’t known what he was looking for. Maybe Cas hadn’t, either. Dean hadn’t known what he’d find, here, in the wreckages of the relationship which was his home for fourteen years. What he stumbled upon—no, what he recovered—no, what he and Cas planted, nurtured, grew… It was beyond what Dean could’ve imagined. Like a blind man seeing sunlight for the first time.
What do these feathers mean? What had his mother explained about this particular combination of colours on an Angel’s wings? Dean wracks his brain.
“I just… I think we both know, there’s an expiry date, on this,” Dean ignores Cas’s snarking again. “And the longer we wait for it, the more painful it’s gonna be.”
Opposite Dean sits Gabriel—Dean refuses to look at the Angel—who is soon joined by Anna. All the groups gathered round the table talk quietly amongst themselves, but silence has fallen between the two Angel siblings. Joining them a few moments later comes an Angel whom Dean doesn’t find himself recognising, with grey hair and a mean face. The Angel regards him for several long moments, but Dean doesn’t acknowledge him.
He and Castiel sit next to each other at dinner and spend the whole time talking. Dean forgets about all the grown-ups round the table and about Gabriel, and about his dad, who’s on shift and not home for the next day or two. He listens to Castiel tell him about his favourite stories, in turn tells Castiel about his favourite cars, he tells the other boy about Sammy and how much he loves him, and by the end of the night Castiel isn’t ‘Castiel’ anymore, but Cas.
“What is this?” he asks, and presses a fingertip to the coiled tip of its ridged horn. It has the same elegant and delicate majesty as a deer, but it certainly isn’t one.
Michael confirmed. Gabriel’s footsteps sounded, working across the chamber to where Anna and Michael stood.
Dean sputters. He’d been stuffing some French fries into his mouth when Cas decided to say this, and now he all but chokes on them.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel beams, and Dean can’t do anything but return the look. “Shouldn’t you be looking ahead of you a little more?” He asks, frowning.
Other books—books Cas recommends to him and smiles to catch Dean reading. A book of poetry by Tennyson, books by James Baldwin—
Dean nods, licking his lip. Golden thrills chase through his chest as he stands and follows after the shepherd. Castiel walks a step ahead of him but Dean makes no effort to catch up, fascinated by the ancient ringing of the shepherd’s gait.
Ellen comes in and is adamant that Castiel leaves, at least for a while, to allow himself some rest. Castiel is tearing his body from Dean’s side when he admits defeat and stands. He hates it.
John’s voice is harder than Dean has ever heard it. Mary, face blotchy, has begun to clear up the plates her husband dropped. Everything's happening so surreally and quickly, it seems to be happening in a dream, or in memory—and perhaps it is. Perhaps none of this is real. He certainly hopes so. This isn’t how he expected his parents to react to the news that Dean was getting
“Tell me,” the young man laughed, “what colour is your dress underneath all that dirt? White or pink?”
When, visiting Eofor, he told David he had no intention of taking a centuries-long, Angelic life when presented with the choice aged twenty-one—this was when it happened. They, as a pair, went further than they ever had before and, in a moment of mutual and utmost intimacy, their souls became interwoven, bound together, forever, held, holding, forever. Some miraculous dancing and sacred thing. After this, a moment of golden light, everything else was the sensation of falling snow. A life with David was all he ever desired.
Dean is dust, worse than dust, he can’t remember the last conversation he had with one of the most important father-figures in his life, can’t recall what was said, how it was said, the circumstances of the words—if Jimmy was happy, smiling that smile like the sun that his youngest child had inherited so perfectly; if he was forlorn, for whatever reason, missing his children perhaps, missing Dean…
wanted to be kissing; the mouth split open into a cute, shy grin had promised to taste sweeter than syrup, more intoxicating than champagne.
Alastair and Hess look up at him—Hess tight-lipped at the fact that Dean has obviously interrupted whatever she was saying, Alastair watching Dean the way he watches his birds when they behave with the instinctive, flitting, languageless minds of animals. Which is how Alastair prefers them.
Anna reminds, looking back up at Castiel. Castiel nods and glances out at the cliffs, sea-birds swarming over their surfaces and gliding in the air ahead, crying loudly.
Dean doesn’t wake, and so Jo drinks his hot chocolate. They talk quietly. Castiel zones in and out. He gets a book out on his phone and reads it, but eventually runs low on battery.
set them up. And besides,” Cas says, taking a steadying breath, “we aren’t done talking about it. But you’re gonna miss your train if we don’t get going.”
spoiler alert for next chapter (!!) but yeah chapter 12 is gonna be where dean FINALLY realises he's in love with cas. lmao clueless much.
“That’s okay,” Dean tries to shrug off, but again, it’s difficult. “I just—I guess I’ll never know now.” He tries to laugh, but something splinters, raw, inside of him, and his laugh breaks off, forced and unnatural. Castiel’s eyes soften.
The words are spoken gently, almost whispered, and they still somehow manage to pummel at Dean’s soul, turning it black and blue.
He opens the front door first to make things easier for himself, then picks up the cookies, just about managing to close it with his foot after he leaves. It’s about two hours since Sammy and his mom left, since he bit those hurtful, cruel words at his brother, and Dean is only feeling worse about it.
somehow thinks it’s a good idea to lunge at him in attack. Castiel grabs hold of his arms and holds him back, Dean struggling hard and bucking so that he nearly connects the back of his head with Castiel’s, and, for an ugly moment, Castiel thinks he
“Mara wants you to be the one to read her a story, tonight,” Muriel explains, glancing at Mara affectionately. “But if you’re too busy—”
“So Cas ever liking me back?” He asks. He shakes his head, lips pressed together. “I’d be stupid, to hope for it.”
“Please talk to me, Dean.” Castiel says, and his voice trembles with the threat of tears; but for the first time since he entered, Dean turns to look at him.
“I really am glad you’re okay,” He peers up at his brother, earnestly. “I promise I’m gonna start being a better big brother to you.”
“They keep themselves,” Castiel shrugs, “if we kept them here, we’d need only make sure they have enough of what
to be here, like he's intruding on something intimate and private in Castiel’s life, a life in which he no longer wants to have
It was no good. Their mother gave Michael an infuriated look, as though she blamed Michael for Gabriel’s courage to stand up to her, and Lucifer drawled,
“Yes,” he agrees, though thinks with exhaustion about the walk back to his room. “I suppose we ought to.”
“Yeah, that’s salted butter on the toast,” Sam says, at the door, as if reading Dean’s mind or maybe detecting the wooziness of his manner. “Eat up. I want you to be alert when I start yelling at you.”
“No,” he admits. “But in my defence, I don’t need to try so desperately to flirt with you, any more.”
The bronze gates of the city, pulsing with the heat and fury of the day open wide to reveal two paths, one a winding and low track sinking ever deeper into the houses and merchant-stands in the underbelly of the city, and one high enough that it really ought to be a bridge; leading straight to the doors of the palace itself, leagues away from them.
“A Honey Buzzard. Hardly the most impressive specimen in my collection,” Alastair answers, and returns the hood to the bird’s head, moving away. Dean follows over, a few yards away, to a much lither, more elegant bird: ruddy with a white chest and black tipped wings.
“We’re at war with them, Bobby!” Dean sighs, exasperated, finding it impossible to believe that he’s the only one who can see this. “Of course there’s a danger! There’s a very real and threatening one!”
Well, Castiel has always known that Dean’s relationship with John was strained, but here it sounds painful, pleading, as though Dean, in song, is begging his father for something. Love? Acceptance?
“I invited you in, didn’t I?” Sam replies. Dean smiles with nervous relief and makes his way over to his brother.
“You dislike the names I’ve given my birds?” Alastair asks. His pupils have seeped outwards, blown wide. Is it anger, or interest?
angel could be considered a lower class—generally have grey wings, or dull cream coloured wings. Royalty and nobility often, if not always, have more than one colour in their feathers.
“He’ll need to be patient as the seasons,” Cas says, and Dean’s heart is almost breaking with want. “Do you think he can manage?”
but Jack isn’t so good at picking it up, because he beams and exclaims, “What matters is that I had the best night ever!”
“Cas,” he says, and Castiel opens the box and pulls out the ring, which shimmers gold light in the darkness.
“Would you give me your arm again?” He asks. Novak exhales and the sound is like summer wind through wheat.
“Ah, well my mistake,” Dean bites. “Next time, I’ll be sure to fall on a softer rock, like chalk. Or something sturdy? What about granite?”
The next day runs much the same: he wakes early and manages to steal food from the kitchen before heading out into the fields, ready to busy himself with so much work that he might be able to avoid thinking about the shepherd, or Adam, or what Adam saw; or men who saw what he and Lee were doing and curled their fists against Dean’s features until he was left only a battered remnant of himself. He works the fields and once again spends the majority of his hours with Victor and Benny, and at their suggestion of heading to the tavern in the next town over, Dean takes it without hesitation, in spite of the fact that all he’s eaten today was the meagre slice of bread and apple he stole away for breakfast.
“What do you want?” He asks his brother, a little harsher than intended, but Sam, growing steadily into manhood, has had ample opportunity to get used to the hard bites of sentence which labourers will offer him for looking with intended words instead of speaking them.
round cheeks and big interested bright eyes and little elf ears and a perfect button nose, and when she giggles it’s like someone’s inflating a balloon in Dean’s chest, and he knows that because this is
have,” Maybe Dean is reading too far into it, but there’s a flicker at Castiel’s features, like the thought of a smile, “so I’m gonna make sure you actually make it home, and drive you there. How does that sound?” The dark haired boy looks down to where their skin meets. His is darker than Dean’s, even in this light. It’s not even remotely unclear where Dean’s skin ends and Castiel’s begins. Dean can practically see the millions of little cogs whirring a twirling in Cas’s head, each tic-tic ticking and spinning and buzzing and whizzing—but no: that’s not Cas’s mind at all. Cas’s head is a swim of colour, and the shapes that cover and cross and spin at one another aren’t quite circles. They aren’t scribbles, either—no, that’s Dean’s head,
No words, again—perhaps Novak resents Dean as much as Dean resents him. He glances back at the man as they trudge up the steep green crest of a hill, slashes of mud torn in it from the feet of livestock like muddy wounds against the grass. Novak’s gaze is sturdy, on the horizon, sun glinting in his eyes. Thick creases around each corner of his eyes from years of squinting at the sun a set deeper as he watches it catching light against the sea. Dean starts when Novak flicks his gaze over to him.
“Oh,” Dean says. He swallows around a big lump in his throat and looks down at the blue carpet of his bedroom. Something inside of his chest aches. He isn’t used to this feeling. He doesn’t like it. “Is Castiel sad?”
“No, John!” Mary exclaims suddenly, making Dean flinch in her arms. She doesn’t look at her husband, only glares, trembling, at the floor between them. John sighs pointedly. “Dean, how about you go play outside? Your daddy and I have just got a few more things—”
you for taking that deal,” Dean spits, tears hot on his face. Cas blinks, hurt, taken aback. “Fuck you for thinking it wouldn’t mean anything—to anyone—and especially me. Like it wouldn’t mean anything, like you were nothing, and not everything…”
“It’s—it’s probably better if I just take this off—because—you know—of the fire—it’ll just dry easier if it’s off and—”
Jo’s gut twisted—she was very poor; she had no money herself—she was only a child, after all, and Ellen looked after the money in their home to keep them both fed and warm and bathed. Would Ellen let Jo train? Would she let Jo
Opening the kitchen door with his foot, both hands carrying a plate, he catches himself in the mirror that lines the hallway. Red, swollen eyes greet him, sunken into his face, somehow seeming more dead than Jimmy’s must look, right now. The thought makes Dean retch. He balances the plates on the stairs and tries to fix himself up, not admitting why it is he wants to look at least acceptable as he enters the Novak home.
“Ass,” Dean mutters under his breath, but takes an unsteady bite of the bread. As if remembering what food is, his stomach growls loudly the moment it hits his lips. Sam smirks. He takes a seat at the foot of Dean’s bed and watches him slowly. Dean pointedly avoids his gaze.
“No,” Dean frowns again, “I don’t find it hard to believe. And I have, too—so it’s not—not like that. And it’s not a great
“Hello there—I’m sorry to disturb you,” King Michael bows his head to Ellen, and Dean, despite the nervous, mortified anxiety worming itself tightly through him, is impressed that the Angel is still polite—especially to a woman who is
to confide in a rebel. He wants to confide in someone kind and empathetic, someone to whom listening to Castiel is second nature. Is that Jimmy? Is that Dean?
his absence. They miss his guidance, just like the rest of us. Maybe less acutely—but would you tell them they didn’t have a right to grieve? That in coming to shiva, they were imposing on our mourning? That in talking about how they missed him, they were stealing our right to sadness?”
Occasionally Castiel will go easy on Dean—the size and weight of the Angel, what with the addition of his wings, means that Dean doubts that he will ever
“What makes you say that?” Castiel asks, finally glancing out the open door, but his question is answered for him; and he wonders just how terrible one would have to be feeling to fail to notice the rain thundering down quite so violently outside.
and the land is uneven from years of the steady erosion of livestock treading over it, and the night is dark and his only light is the moon and stars and odd ships on the horizon…
arghhh everyone is having a horrible time I'm very sorry I hope this makes you happier. I love you all lots you're all saying such nice things I feel like you all deserve lots of nice things hopefully in this chapter there are lots of nice things! it's 3 am I don't have a beta reader or whatever you call the person who checks your work to make sure it's coherent, I hope this is coherent. Loads n loads of love xxx
about his father, and about Castiel addressing the loss that his life is sure to suffer as a result of Jimmy’s passing. Bitterness and resentment sear through him, and somehow, Castiel feels just as angry at them as he does at Dean.
“Well, I’m going to,” Mary steps forward. Sam follows her. Dean finds that he doesn’t really have any choice in joining the line, and he is rather glad for it when he finally shovels earth onto the casket, arms shaking. The thud of soil onto Jimmy’s pitch coffin gives everything… an odd kind of finality.
One night, he catches Cas whipping his bedroom curtains shut through his own bedroom window. It’s so dark out that he only catches the sliver of a shadow and a flurry of movement—but the sentiment is pretty obvious.
Castiel twittered again and pressed his tiny palms to Michael’s cheeks. Something softened in Michael’s heart, a tenderness which, for over two centuries, he had been certain he would never be able to feel again—and but for Castiel, he wouldn’t have.
“There have been times,” Sam balls his fist, and breathes deep, “where I’ve been ready to go. But you didn’t want to say goodbye—”
“And why wouldn’t your heart be in it?” Cas asks. That quirk of his eyebrows. Slope of his shoulders. The delicate and troubled incline of his head. God. Dean never had a chance. Dean never had a chance.
“Far enough,” Castiel shrugs. Dean frowns and takes another mouthful of food, still looking at Castiel.
“I know you think it foolish,” Bobby grumps, heaving up another step. Dean’s about to protest at this accusation, but Bobby gives him a look which silences him. “I
What is Castiel? “Call me?” She asks hopefully, and Dean grins a moment, humming, and bends down to kiss her again. Cas can actually
“I mean it,” Castiel protests, frowning. Dean quickens his pace, and Castiel has to do the same to keep up. “It was great. It was so great to see—and I’m glad I got to see it. Your students—they really love you. You know that, right?”
Castiel is reading, curled up on his dad’s old armchair, late at night, when Michael comes downstairs. Soundless, Michael is at his younger brother’s side before Castiel starts, noticing him.
Small houses litter the landscape every now and then, some made of a sandy coloured stone with straw roofs, others simpler still, composed almost entirely of wood. Zachariah made a joke before they departed for the Earthly Realms of the mud huts that Humans lived in, but Michael fixed the adviser with the iciest glare Castiel has ever seen, and the Council-Member quickly silenced himself.
Cas climbs into bed, the side of the window. There is little over the space of one body left to his side.
“I loved you, I have loved you, completely—you taught it to me, and what shall I do when you are gone? Where shall I pour all this love? Where can it go? It will poison me—”
“Right, yeah,” he confesses. “As they come,” he smiles awkwardly, voice weak. “Bet you’re heartbroken about that one, huh, Cas?” He jokes, grinning lopsidedly, something about it forced and insincere. Apparently he can’t joke about this kind of thing with Castiel now that he knows that his best friend actually
They sit under the dimming sky together, just as they used to, Dean close enough to Cas that their shoulders are touching. Castiel wraps his wing round Dean’s body; Dean closes his eyes in response to the action. He doesn’t think he’s ever had such an overwhelming feeling of
don’t grow into one of those old men who’s afraid of change in the world. And I need you to make sure I don’t turn into one of those men who files down women’s claws and pulls out their teeth. Do you think you can do that?”
I bid you run because I could not bear to see you lost. What?” he asks. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
“I would shoulder it with you,” Dean says, earnestly, “if you’d let me. Whatever you’d let me, I would carry.”
of his evening, but the startling screech of tyres makes him jump and nearly spill his tea all over himself. Glaring, Castiel looks up, out the window for the source of the noise.
Dean expects Meg, coming to check up on him or berate him for being so rude to her earlier; or Charlie, ready to ask Dean how he’s doing after seeing him storm out of the party downstairs quite so dramatically—he
to him, if only for a moment: let Castiel explain everything that his brothers did to each other and how Castiel really
“You know,” Ellen says, casually, taking the dishtowel out of Dean’s hands and hanging it up, ignoring the rest of the drying that needs doing, “Anna and Jo have always been pretty good friends. Have always gotten along well—really well. It was so nice, that they got to talk again, this year—even in the midst of so much tragedy.”
“I thought so,” she continues. “You’re just through here.” She opens a door to their right, opposite an opening to the left of them, which floods the corridor with daylight—daylight? Underground?—and insists that Dean walk through before her.
“Okay,” Dean laughs. The moonlight splashes half of his face in silver light, the other half is concealed by shadows cast by the grass. “It’s an okay. I’ll go with you. But we’re still teaching you to ride, remember?”
Dean is just in the process of shaking his head stubbornly in short, fast movements, when a shadow flickers in the light of the living room doorway.
“The thought had crossed my mind,” Castiel chuckles, “and it was confirmed when I called Anna about a month ago, in the morning, your time, and Jo picked up.”
Whatever the fuck that means. And why the hell did Dean have to go and say it? As if he hadn’t embarrassed himself enough, already.
“Mr Winchester and I were great friends,” Castiel answers. He smiles softly at Dean, whose expression seeps with something, something like what Castiel saw in the Impala on the drive home in the rain, last week.
Dean shoves the shepherd, but it only has the effect of pushing him out of the man’s strong grip and toppling Dean over onto the grass. He makes and infuriated sound from the earth, scrambling at the earth.
Dean’s form works in opposite motion to the sun, his muscles tensing and rising as the sun relaxes into the sky, resting on the horizon.
“I loved it,” Dean chuckles, “but don’t tell him that, either. I thought it was hilarious—thought it was cute, I guess,” he flushes a little at this, “when he was angry at me. Can you imagine that kind of face when it’s angry?” He asks, gesturing to an imaginary Cas beside them. “It’s always either really scary, or really funny.”
He finds her in the Great Hall: pillars have fallen, the stained glass windows have been shattered into shards and shrapnel. Jo has somehow seized a sword, perhaps from one of the fallen dead, and wields it with a fury and a fire even Dean is surprised by.
beautiful. Humanity is beautiful—but you, in particular, Dean, capture so much of that which has enchanted me my whole life. Your raw emotion captures my own perfectly, only you are more honest and frank about it. Your short life is so infinitely appealing to me, there’s a restfulness in it I don’t think I could find in centuries of living among my own kind; you draw me to you like blood to the surface of a pouring wound—and I don’t mind, when my whole life, I have learnt that I should. I think you’re beautiful.”
In the middle of the circle lies a wider, though far far shorter stone in an oval shape, the same hue and texture as all the others, about up to Castiel’s waist. It could almost be a
They sit shoulder to shoulder, tonight. The sky in front of them swallows the world, but Dean and Castiel are immune to it. The light from Cas’s bedroom behind them ekes out onto the roof they sit on; they swim in a sea of yellow as they sit. Dean’s frame is taut like he can sense the pressing weight, the awkwardness, the grim inevitability, of the conversation Castiel is about to start. But the moment before he begins, Dean leans against him a little heavier, moving to pick up another bottle and opening it. It steals Castiel’s breath and he watches, trying not to watch, as Dean drinks, then finishes his bear. Silence. Castiel’s mouth turns down in sorrow. Fourteen years, and he’s never been able to tell exactly what his best friend makes of him.
It’s all dappled in moon, star and streetlight, his pointed, focussed features brought out all the more by the night air. As usual, Dean’s heart rises into his throat, pulsing with warmth and longing when he chooses to regard Cas in this light, acknowledge that his feelings for the other guy are anything more than platonic.
It’s well after midnight of the next day when they get back to the foot of the hills of northern Hera, not even at the low mountains yet. Castiel has had to part ways with Anna and now he is sharing a chariot with Michael again. He shrinks into the corner as soon as he gets inside and tries to stop himself from trembling as much as possible, but it’s difficult to control himself in any kind of way.
“I’m very sorry,” the Angel says again. Dean isn’t sure if he’s apologising for how forward he is being, or apologising yet again for the death of Mary Winchester. Either way, a sorry isn’t nearly enough. “My mother also died when I was very young.”
Whatever it is Dean set coursing through the cavern of Castiel’s chest, that day in hell, it rushes and twists and flashes refractions of hopeless light, here in purgatory.
“Just drive, baby,” Cas replies. Dean snorts and starts up the Impala. “Just drive us away from here!”
“Well, that’s what they say,” Cas shrugs. “And I’ve been a couple of times, and it’s been brilliant. Also, Balthazar offered a New Year’s party on a roof in Kensington with all his rich friends, but I thought you might feel a little alienated.”
“Can’t I stay?” Dean asks, frowning up at his mother. Castiel watched from a distance, playing with his now slightly dirty hands, suddenly sad again.
Mary’s heart began to sing. Just as she was about to move to cross the stream and get closer to the mother and child, to possibly
“—But I got my GED. I could help ‘em. With homework, I mean. We could have a family,” Dean says, terrified as he looks back up to Castiel with glittering eyes. “And you—you could keep bees. And we—we could be happy…”
“—Yes—well, it meant that I was… easy to retrieve. But Dean didn’t know. Because I didn’t tell him,” he glances apologetically to Dean. “Because…” But he trails off. “But I’m back, now.”
“They’ve been fighting for years. I wonder where it started? How can people just fall out of love like that? And
Dean flushes at the thought of the measly belongings he, Sam and Adam brought with them across an ocean, into a new country, new continent, new old world. Surely whoever picks them up, even the lowest servant in this house, would have more in the world to their name than him and his brothers.
Dean had been hesitant about Mary being involved in the blessings—and understandably, Castiel supposes. Even as she begins to speak, Dean’s fingers tense up in Castiel’s hand.
family tensions and you’ll be at each other’s throats for at least half of the seven days you have to spend together. Talk about making a mountain out of a molehill.”
He laughs, overdoing it, and it comes out breathy, exacerbated by the fact Castiel hears it through phone speakers. “
Castiel leaves. Dean can’t think for the storm and smoke in his head. When he finally enters the parlour, one and all are cooing over the infant boy and Dean is able to slip quietly into a seat away from them all. People seem to talk too loudly, these days. This past week.
“Well, there being only five chapters, there’s not enough for all of us to read a stave,” Novak says gently. “Anyone who doesn’t want to read is more than welcome to sit back. They all agree this is a good idea—Bobby looks like he is ready to pass out at any second, and Mick only laughs when asks if he’d like to join in.
“I think a lot of them are a little in love with him,” Sam snorts. “And I think Dean knows it, too. Sometimes he gets a crowd of them watching him fight in the arena, and he likes to show off and impress them whenever they’re around.”
Dean’s question is posed innocently, casually, but Castiel notices the way that Dean’s eyes flick up to his, big and green and hesitant; the crease in the space between Dean’s eyebrows, the worry lines folded subtly on his forehead, betraying the concern that he feels.
They make a new language. Dean talks more and more brightly, like a star at its birth, expanding, opening. All Castiel can do is watch, overwhelmed by love.
“What happened, last night?” With a steady, inquisitive, slightly embarrassed frown. “I don’t—I don’t remember much…”
favourite place in all the world as long as Dean was there. Castiel is left on the roof staring at the warm green house which once had a friendly face and now which mocks him, laughs at him with the silhouettes at its windows ripping curtains shut in wordless acts of rejection and severance.
It’s actually kind of perfect, because his iPod is filled with all the songs of his youth—which, naturally, means angst and self-indulgence
“…I didn’t know there was any more to say,” Cas bristles, uncomfortable. Dean huffs out a laugh. With it come more tears. But Cas is
Ellen stares meaningfully at Dean, and Dean stares, terrified, back at her. His hands have begun to shake. His gaze trembles, his eyebrows slope upwards.
“You kissed me,” Castiel laughs, breathless, “and I—I’m sorry—I should confess, I kissed you back—I never wanted it to end,” he laughs again, chest clearing and now feeling like it’s turning into a vacuum with all the air being expelled from it, frustrated and endeared and forever enamoured, Castiel continues, “I never wanted it to end, but you were drunk, and I—part of me couldn’t believe you, still,” he confesses, “and I’m sorry—”
Sir Alastair’s home is bigger by far than Bobby’s. This is a house of pale stone which may easily be called grand, which is surrounded by no crumbling walls, which is not surrounded by babbles of animals and stables but is instead neatly and primly separated from those animals’ quarters. This is a house which is absolutely owned by that alien and vaguely threatening concept to Dean: nobility.
“The library’s on fire,” Jo says, gazing out a window as they climb a staircase back toward Dean’s chambers. She sounds saddened. Dean glances outside the panes silvered by ash from a burning city and sees, sure enough, great plumes of smoke rising from Hera’s library.
“You wanted to retire,” Cas says, the gravel, the knowing and certain warmth in his voice running across Dean’s skin and raising pinpricks up and down the length of him. “I could tell. I could always tell.”
“I’ll do it,” Dean says, and takes a steadying breath. “It’s true—he’s right. It’s on me. I landed us here. And my father, before me. And now, I’ve got to make it right—”
“Enough trading secrets,” Cas’s face knits together, and a wall seems to build around it. “Enough questions.”
Cas’s ingenuity sparks something in him, something he berates himself for not having thought of earlier. Cas has his trade, shepherding, and his hobby, folk medicine. Dean has his trade, farming, and his hobby, smithing. The only difference between him and Castiel is that Cas decided to make something of his hobby.
“Did you know you were gonna be doing book signings?” Dean asks with a smirk. Castiel sighs through his nose and rolls his eyes, shaking his head.
“You’re not in you’re right state of mind, Dean,” he reminds, as gentle as possible, but Dean’s jaw clenches bitterly and his face sets with something harsh and hard and angry.
he sings, to the tune Cas taught him. Castiel looks up at him. The column of his throat tightens as he swallows. Dean watches it. Cas’s mouth twitches. Dean watches it.
In the end, Castiel gets out of his bed and decides to roam the floors of the castle, giving up on drifting to sleep. He pulls on a loose shirt, pale as the moonlight, before leaving his room, and is forced to mutter his excuse of restlessness to any guards who ask him of his intentions. Most offer to escort him wherever it is he wishes to go, and others near insist on following to keep him safe, but he refuses outright. He’s drained from company and, though he can hardly believe it, tired of speaking in the Heran tongue, his thoughts are becoming jumbled between the languages of Humans and that of Enochian. It’s confusing and draining. Forced conversation with
