“I have been wracking my brain for so long,” she says, jabbing a finger at Tony. “for a way to endear you all to the general population. You guys haven't exactly given me the greatest reputations to work with.”
However, what finally made Steve believe him without a single shred of doubt left in his mind, beyond just time and the clear love he sees in Tony’s eyes when he looks at him, was when he had seen Tony’s face, watching Happy walk his daughter down the aisle at Morgan’s wedding almost four years ago. There had been nothing there but love, so clear and pure, seeming to light Tony up from the inside. Steve hadn’t been able to look away at that moment, because despite Tony’s red-rimmed eyes and nose, he had been beautiful.
He watches Peter, arm in a sling, and it kills him that they almost lost him today, he’s just a
“You were in a coma for a
They see everyone off when clean-up is finished, Morgan half-asleep on Pepper’s shoulder as Tony says goodbye and promises to see her again soon, Harley and Peter leaving with them when Happy offers to give them a ride back to their homes.
Steve watches them unhappily. He has rather mixed feelings about this, ranging everywhere from elation from the fact that in a way, they got Tony back, to melancholy and guilt at the previous thought and the knowledge that the AI is still exactly that. An AI.
Steve keeps walking around.
“You ready?”
and he knows he looks too affectionate, too happy but he can’t
“Anyways. Kid-”
The Avengers are tiring, and even still the mass pushes on, with an aerial advantage on them, and they can’t keep fighting like this, unable to destroy any part of it, because sooner or later they’re going to lose.
can be as well adjusted as
and here she is comforting
Natasha doesn’t cry. But even the toughest people might make an exception when their heart is shattering.
Suddenly, there’s a snort of laughter from nowhere and Steve grins, not looking up from his mixing bowl.
, but there’s no getting around the fact that he’s currently stalling, under the guise that he’s trying to think of what to say, because a cowardly part of him that’s almost too scared to do it, to attempt to find Tony, to see his rejection of Steve’s apology, because how could he accept it after what Steve implied?
first and foremost, not some emotionally immature jerk-”
The internet is great, but there are times, like now, where Tony just wants a bit of peace while in the workshop. He’s spent this entire life photographed and chased by camera flashes. His lab is the one place that he can be private, and he doesn’t intend for that to change. And if Tony is being entirely honest with himself, he doesn't view this little social media plan as any more than an exercise in futility, and more than a little annoying when it interferes with Tony’s work.
“Tony? Are you okay?”
“Tony you need to sleep.”
It’s stupidly sentimental, but Steve wants something for Tony to remember him by, when he’s gone.
“God, I miss them.” Bruce had said quietly, staring at the fire. Clint put his hand on Bruce’s arm, since he couldn’t actually give him a proper hug, and hummed quietly in understanding. There were sad smiles exchanged around the circle, before Morgan laughed and poked at Peter, who was sitting beside her. “Do you remember,” she started, looking around the group, “when Steve came to stay with me and mom, and he jumped a mile in the air because he wasn’t expecting to hear Friday in the house?” and the group broke out into quiet laughter. Then Rhodey chimed in, “hey, did I ever tell you about the time Tony…” and it went on from there, with everyone sharing a couple stories about the three of them.
God, I'm
He sinks down onto the blankets without another thought and pulls Tony towards him, places his hands on his forehead, and Tony is a million degrees - just as bad as being ice cold because Steve had seen those mortal healers at work,
As Wanda fills Scott in, Steve starts poking a bit at his bandages, which are wrapped primarily around neck and shoulders, to see where he got injured and how bad. He startles a bit when a hand reaches out and slaps his wrist.
video in particular?” he says, purposely giving him all a disapproving look.
go, and wow
"Lies and slander." Tony says, sidling closer with a small grin. "I deny knowing anything of the sort."
Tony’s expression is so pained at this point as Peter goes back to writing that Steve can barely hold in the rest of his laughter, shoulders shaking with the effort of it.
She nods solemnly in response. “Yeah we do. I still hafta tell you about how I won first place in the science fair!”
Steve resolutely ignores the sharp pain of the displaced curse underneath his own ribs, as the vines burrow deeper into his lungs, and listens silently to Tony talk about improving the armour quicker so that they can leave and figure out what’s happening to Steve and his kingdom.
He starts at the very beginning, hesitantly at first, and then slowly picking up speed, and holds nothing back, gives Tony everything, every ugly thought and emotion that he hid away to keep the peace, and every beautiful one that never saw the light of day because he worried it gave away too much.
Never let it be said that the Avengers can't sulk.
“So.” Clint says into the silence, still sounding stunned.
Tony seems completely unperturbed at Steve’s less-than-impressed expression, only widening his gorgeous brown eyes as he blinks at Steve and continues smiling. It’s a look of complete innocence. A look that can do no wrong. Steve doesn’t believe it for a second.
“Canoodling?” Tony asks, incredulous, craning his neck to look at an unimpressed Natasha, and Steve groans, turning red and burying his face in Tony’s neck.
“Fuck you Nat.” Tony calls cheerfully, laughing.
“No more getting kidnapped.” She says, pointing at him, and then walks off again. Tony blinks at her retreating back and notices that Steve seems to be stifling laughter from beside him, lips pursed and eyes crinkling with suppressed amusement.
“-I don’t really know why you’re doing this-”
“Oh come on, like this is new information?”
“What is this posture Steve, this is horrible, you’ve done a horrible thing.” Tony scowls at Steve who shrugs.
And yet, Steve feels warmer here than he has in ages. It always fades as soon as Tony lets go, fades back to numb when he steps out of the room, so Steve tries not to linger too much on the feeling, tries to ignore it.
They calm down after that, the afternoon seeming all the brighter for their laughter, and Pepper tells Steve all about Morgan’s progress in school and events at SI.
The hologram tilts his head curiously at the shocked and shaken look on Steve’s face, and walks forward, and Steve scrambles back, smashing into the edge of the table in his haste to get away, even though he knows that if he reaches out to touch, his hand would simply go through air.
“Check with him if you want.” Pepper says. “But I'm not sure if his answer will be any different. It's been more than a year Steve.”
Bucky had been laughing himself sick for the past five minutes in the corner, with Peter, Scott and Shuri(who was apparently visiting) poking around the bedrooms to read all the different memes pasted to the walls, Bruce being utterly perplexed and searching through the security footage, and Clint shaking his head, lips twitching with amusement.
Steve glares at Tony. “Stop trying to ask me for permission. Not my place. Turn the Iron Man armours into a beer float if you want to.” and Tony laughs again, surprised.
And then there are tearful goodbyes, (Steve taking care to say one to FRIDAY as well), and he tunes up his bike that he hadn’t used in months, and leaves. Just like that.
It hasn’t all been easy. The aftermath of both the attempt at an overthrow on Summer’s side and the curse on Winter had been taxing on all of them. It had taken a long time in the recovery, where Tony and Steve had been separated in their respective kingdoms, trying to undo the damage created.
“For...for being so kind.” Steve stares hard at the rock piles on the lake shore, watches the shadow deepen as the light fades over the distant horizon. “I didn’t deserve to be welcomed into your family viewing of the video, or really for you to be here comforting me, not after what I did-”
. It's. Just.
to meet them. Morgan and Rhodey. And I can’t keep putting off meeting my
“Peggy’s here.” Tony comments afterwards, when they’re sitting on a bench, waiting for Natasha to come back with ice cream. “We can go see her if you want. Although I gotta warn you, I think she lives with her husband. Erm, the one that’s not you. Um. Y’know. The other one.”
But he offered once, so even if there’s a slim possibility-
Steve watches them, never having felt more useless than he does right now. He knows, logically, that during this kind of search and find mission, when you don’t know all the facts, sometimes all you can do is just wait for the next piece of data, because there’s nothing more you can do.
Steve finds himself wanting to go hide in his room, doesn’t want to say this pep talk he’s constructed. He makes himself continue. “But, Tony has been activated now. He’s as much a part of the Avengers as any of us, the same way with JARVIS and then FRIDAY. Can we all agree on that?” There are more hums of agreement and then Sam laughs.
"Shut
Tony rolls his eyes in response. “That I do.” he mumbles to himself, but Steve’s serum enhanced ears catches it easily. He tries not to blush but he probably fails, suddenly flooded with warmth and happiness. Steve looks hurriedly back down at his drawing to hide the fact that he had heard, needlessly adding more layers to one of the shadows.
He still doesn’t remember too much of the events leading up to this, but certain memories have been trickling back in increments, as the cold retreats slowly from Steve’s skin, and the vines settle in and burrow deeper.
“Alright sit.” She says, pointing to a chair. Then she squints at Tony.
They fall into a routine from that day onwards, which is unexpected.
“Um, you sure you don’t want some help there bud?” Steve says, voice full of amusement as he watches Peter lean heavily on his pencil, face contorting when the writing goes wonky. Tony gives Steve an annoyed look when he notices how Steve’s still struggling not to laugh at Tony’s expression, to which he responds with a shrug.
"Interesting as in, he gave Thor's helmet working wings in the middle of his country address. It flew away."
At this point Tony’s still frowning slightly at Steve, but seems to have lowered his defenses a bit, no longer looking so ready to throw down at the slightest provocation.
“Yes please.” Tony whispers in response, and Addilynn gestures them to follow her without another word.
Tony purses his lips and shrugs.
It feels wrong to leave, even if he can no longer figure out why, so he doesn’t. Steve stays there that entire night, and mourns, because that’s what he’s done for his fallen people in the past.
“Ugh. Also, I am going to assume you’re talking about yourself and ignore that entirely.” Tara sighs in a resigned way.
Steve lets himself out quietly, and makes his way towards his room.
“Ok fine, that was a
authorization, so Steve quietly lets himself in after parking his bike in the hangar.
“That’s bullshit.” He tells her, rather loudly, and Pepper gives a startled laugh. Steve continues to frown at her, and she smiles fondly.
"Ok sooo. Solutions guys?" Sam prompts again, awkwardly, and really there should be no room for awkward in a life or death fight, but somehow they manage it. Steve doesn't reply as he stabs his staff through a portion of the mass, and it crumbles away.
live here.”
Steve hums, his previous worry over Tony’s state rushing back. It probably shows quite a bit in his voice, further confirmed when Pepper continues talking.
There’s no sound from the spell, it doesn’t afford him that much, so Steve watches as Tony arrives back, as he’s immediately captured and thrown in with Pepper and Rhodey, as things go to hell with Tony in the middle of it all, and Steve is so scared, more frightened than he thought he could be.
“Yes darling, it’s me,” the voice answers, choked with emotion now. “
“No? She mentioned ‘snitches get stitches’ and then violently chopped a cabbage in half so I decided not to pry.” Steve said wryly. Tony huffs in amusement despite himself.
“Here,” Wanda says before Pepper can respond, getting up. “Why don’t you take my seat, I imagine a few more people are gonna be arriving soon, and the room kinda has a carrying capacity.” Pepper gives her a grateful smile that Wanda returns, before she leans over and kisses Steve on the forehead.
.” Tony murmurs, and his eyes are still uncertain despite his words, like he’s not sure he’s allowed this. “I thought you were laughing at me. You let me think you were laughing at me.”
“Oh that,” Steve laughs, waving a hand. “Nah. Actually, I was kinda using that as an excuse to have dinner with you. You went along with it, so I was hardly gonna argue.”
Steve can see out of the corner of his eye as Peter is loaded onto one of the helicopters, and taken to safety, his protesting audible over the comms the entire way.
“Oh my
“-that's your own fault for
Morgan scrunches up her face adorably as she thinks this question over. “Cool.” she eventually says with a decisive nod. Steve nods solemnly back. “Then you’re right Morgan, I’m an actual real life mummy.”
Steve plants a kiss on Tony’s knuckles and smiles at his squeak.
“I’m not!” she protests, blatantly laughing. “But it was really fun.” She bats her eyelashes. “Please??”
“And...you’re okay? Y’know…” Steve wrinkles his nose at the wording but he can’t think of any other way to say it. “...systems-wise?”
.” He gives Tony an innocent look, smiling mildly. “No don’t give me that smile, it’s too late. I’m disillusioned. You’ve tarnished your wholesome reputation. Dishonour on you, dishonour on your cow and all that.”
He sighs, propping his chin on his hand. “We’re all just, touched, I guess you could say, that he went to such extents to keep us safe. Not all of us have had that good of a history with him, and the fact that he would do this for us -” he breaks off with a smile at AI Tony, who starts to tentatively smile back.
Steve doesn’t mention his returned memories, but lets himself talk more in Tony’s topics of conversation.
“Pepper?”
. Bucky blinks at him. “Tertiary? What about the ones before?”
Steve leans his forehead against the door almost desperately as he rambles, trying to will Tony into hearing what he's saying, knowing that he's probably just talking to an empty room.
you’re-” He laughs brokenly. “You. You fucking
“She got away.”
“Sam and Bucky have kind of formed a sort of two-person team I think, Captain America and The Winter Soldier. They seem to be getting along a lot better now.” Steve picks up another oreo. “Thor video calls sometimes when he’s able to. Still arguing with Quill, so nothing has really changed there. Rocket seems to find it amusing. He and Groot have started eating snacks when it happens according to Mantis. Oh!” Steve perks up, eager to be the bearer of good news.  “Did you know Mantis and Drax are together now?”
“See, that’s just how talented I am.” Tony nods seriously. “I don’t even need to speak.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Steve snorts, giving them an unimpressed look at the avoidance of the question, voice lowered so as not to disturb Morgan. “And you know it.”
"Would it be okay for me to stay here for a while?" The man seemingly pops up out of nowhere to ask the question as Steve steps back into the great Hall, having returned from more reports of his subjects succumbing to the cold. The numbers are great now, and the kingdom almost empty of life.
It’s so quiet here that Steve’s footsteps echoing sound like thunder, and it’s just plain wrong.
They go again. And again. And again. And then when Tony gets bored they go for a walk together through the courtyard. There are flowers popping up through the snow now, ones that Steve doesn’t remember seeing before, but there they are, crocuses, calendulas, hellebores, and yes, camellias.
“I don’t know.” Tony reaches out a hand to cup Steve’s face, and it takes all he has not to lean into it. “You’re warmer.”
Nat snorts. “Ok, out of the two of us, who is
The only thing he says when they ask if he’s okay is that he’s accidentally designed a toaster that will probably self-destruct and destroy Manhattan if anyone ever tries to use it. Steve takes it to be Tony-speak for “I am very nervous right now.”
“What, why do you never answer my questions?” Tony will admit that he flails his arms a bit. “They are perfectly valid questions.”
“No, what I need you to do is to
worth of ‘So you got detention’ and I would live long and happy knowing I never have to hear another of those things again in my life.” and Steve laughs in good humour at the disgruntled look on Harley’s face.
Even more amusingly, Tony the AI seems to be able to work even faster than human Tony, even more efficient, because he can run simultaneous calculations all while he’s snarking at Steve over his welding technique.
There is no Jarvis, no Friday in the compound after Tony had moved her to his house by the lake, to notice the fact that his shower has been running for almost an hour and a half now, to notice that Steve’s barely moving, just leaning heavily against the wall, to call for help. He finds himself glad and immediately guilty for it, because he doesn’t want to be found by anyone right now, wants to stand here where the almost boiling water beats down on him. He’s still so cold.
“The Flerken.” she finally says.
Steve feels like his heart is overfull as he watches Tony’s expression, captivated and unable to look away, watches it go from fear to disbelief to awe to softness and warmth, the brittleness from yesterday melting, and Steve
“Nope, it’s all true, they’re dating.” Steve returns smugly, and Pepper awws a bit at the mental image of them finally finding each other. “I’m happy for them,” and Steve nods.
But there are still bad days of course. Horrible days really. Days where Steve can barely bring himself to get out of bed, where he just sits by that bay window again with what he can imagine is a thousand yard stare, his mind a million miles away, spiraling almost too fast for his battered body to keep up, exhausted to the bones despite the serum and so he’ll sit there, too weary to move. He buys punching bags with his seventy years of back pay, hangs them in the makeshift gym that the cabin apparently has and systematically destroys them all.
“I don’t get to say this often,” Bruce says, smiling slightly at AI Tony, “but if human Tony really made you, then we may not have given even his genius enough credit. He made an AI of himself that’s pretty much as complex as a human personality.”
The man frowns. "Howard? Howard Stark?"
He’s never been a coward, that’s one of the few things he’s always been sure about in himself. And yet he’s terrified to try the door. What if it doesn’t open? It’ll be a relief and a disappointment all at once, he knows. It might re-open old wounds, although Steve’s not even sure they healed over correctly in the first place.
It's about hundred meters up when there's a pulse of light, and there's a moment where nothing happens, where the behemoth is still destroying everything in its path, where Steve's staff still glows a deadly blue, and then suddenly, everything dies.
The battle is over in the split second it takes for a person to blink.
Peter sinks down further on the couch, eyes sadder than any teenager’s should be. “...I miss him more than ever now,” Peter comments, sounding small. Harley looks over at him worriedly, and puts his arm around Peter in a sort of sideways hug. Wanda puts her hand on his arm from the other side, squeezing comfortingly.
you even as it pushes you forward, but the Hulk?
"Feel sorry for me, honeybear. The Summer Queen sure is a slavedriver, isn't she?"
“I was taking another look through some of human Tony’s old schematics,” Tony began slowly, fidgeting a bit, and Steve is a little worried because Tony looks nervous. “Y’know, just doing some housekeeping, cleaning up some things, getting familiar with the systems, and I came across a shit-ton of inventions, there are just so
Steve had added at that, smiling a watery smile at Tony, and really it took all Tony had not to break down into happy tears again. They talked about Sam and Bucky finally getting their heads out of their asses and getting together, with Nat gloating that she had told Steve that them bickering had been unresolved sexual tension and not hate but did he believe her
Tony’s face softens at that, looking a bit surprised as he smiles hesitantly at Peter. Steve distantly remembers, as he watches them, as Peter tentatively smiles back warmly, how Peter hadn’t seemed that comfortable around Tony either in the first week of his arrival (still did better than Steve though), the similarities between the AI and the human making it difficult for Peter as well. This was a marked improvement based on what he had seen.
Sam gives him a considering look. “We should have a small celebration, now that you’re back,” and Steve can feel himself stiffening slightly.
“Scan complete. Captain Steve Rogers, confirm voice recognition and handprint.” the same computerized voice says, and this time Steve puts his hand on the palm print.
“Can it, Stark.” Fury’s scowl deepens. “This is not a suggestion.”
“But-” and Tony's watching Steve with hesitance and palpable fear, as if he's afraid to look away for even a second, afraid of Steve turning to ice. That's not a possibility anymore, Steve knows, and he takes advantage of that.
of overstepping - to hide very important files in unsuspecting places just to get one of the team to rest.
“Or you could take the easy way out and let me record a video of you singing.” Tara suggests, gesturing behind her.
Pepper smirks, “I’d say this is a worthy mission. So yes.” and with a determined and decisive nod from Pepper, they exit from the back to the garage.
“Can you tell me a story?” she asks quietly, “a-about daddy?” and Steve smiles sadly, dragging up a chair.
There are days where Pepper will see a trinket or a tool of some sort sitting around and will break down, shattered glass and crying on linoleum floors, and Steve, Happy and occasionally Rhodey will be there, to try and pick up the pieces despite how broken they are themselves.
Tony jolts from his thoughts when Steve pinches him, evidently having realized that Tony’s attention isn’t all here. Tony jabs Steve in retaliation, breaking away slightly to do it, before kissing him again.
Tony gives him a shaky smile at the attempted joke. Steve wants to hug him, because he just looks so uncertain and shaken, but he can’t, so he settles for turning his body a bit, shifting closer to offer silent comfort. Tony seems to get what he’s trying to do because his smile becomes thankful before he forges on. “and I guess I just...thought the worse.” Tony meets Steve’s eyes sternly. “
Backed into a corner, on the verge of defeat, snarling and desperate, Steve sees the villainess pull out a small black orb, no bigger than the palm of her hand, and slam it onto her wrists. A gelatinous, very
Tony wrinkles his nose and greatly refrains from letting out another exasperated ‘ugh’. “Call me Tony.”
Steve laughs at Tony’s verbal fumbling, eyes bright. Picks up Tony’s hand and squeezes it. Shakes his head.
at you, I would have to have the intention of
Romanov and you haven’t ever shown the slightest inclination of gardening, excuse
“Oh come on,” Tony laughs, when Steve pushes a coffee cup into his hand, smirking. “What are you, her Tony ambassador?”
? Tony, you saved my life. I should be
"Oh, you're not, are you?" Steve says, and his voice is the same as it always has been, expression flat, yet Tony tilts his head at Steve as if he's said something interesting. The weight of Tony's full regard is a bit heady, but Steve meets his eyes anyways.
They walk leisurely through the halls as Steve talks, transformed completely from how Tony remembered it to be, all those years ago when he had first met Steve.
"Shouldn't I be asking you that question?" Steve responds and Pepper shakes her head.
Stane - the same person who apparently organized Howard’s betrayal, the same person who had paid a king’s ransom for a spell of living death on Steve’s kingdom -
confused. So just listen
back into the fight when he’s still injured, however much they might need it.  “I’ve already called in SHIELD, they’re sending backup, it won’t just be us. I get what you’re saying, but with the way you are right now, I’m sorry, but you’re going to be a liability more than a help, and you’re only going to end up injuring yourself further. You need to stand down, just for now. I can’t have you, after last time, I
There’s sarcastic applause from all around the table, more whistles, and Steve takes an exaggerated bow, finally breaking into laughter when Tony flutters his hand near his face in response, pretending to be flustered.
They stand there in silence, as they let that statement sink in. Finally Steve breaks it.
This doesn't seem to calm the man down like Steve thought it would.
He finally laughs helplessly, despite himself. Yup. No two ways around it. Steve’s staring at the plans for a talking coffee-maker. Of course.
without our knowledge, and you’re trying to
Fury sighs.
Tony laughs and shakes his head. “Sorry kiddo. Once is enough for me.”
The silence is heavy after Tony’s confession, because Steve can’t think of a single thing to say, even though he knows now that Tony will be offended if he doesn’t give a response.
Steve sets down the newly brewed carafe of coffee that Bruce handed him to put on the table and goes to get the whipped cream and syrup, but Sam stops him before he can move away. Sam gives him a questioning look, Bucky watching the proceedings from where he’s sipping from his coffee cup, eyes worried. Steve takes the looks for what it is, them checking in on if he’s truly okay, how he’s joking happily now with Tony and if it’s only an act, if he needs to get away like he had been doing for the last week.
“Is this...unusual?”
“That depends,” Steve says, reaching out a hand, and Morgan happily takes it and uses it to lever herself onto the bed, and then she promptly snuggles up to him, leaning up against the pillow and giving Steve a hug. “Are mummies cool or scary, what’s the verdict?”
Steve raises his eyebrows at Tony, daring him to argue, trying to will him into hearing what he’s saying, and Tony finally looks away, staring down at the bathroom counter.
It didn’t always used to be this way.
Stane, and
"So dramatic Rogers?" comes a weak sounding voice from behind him suddenly, and Steve whirls around, almost falls in his haste to turn.
“Yes dear.”
He almost gives Bucky a heart attack when he finally arrives back at the compound.
, you’d have to learn how to bite your tongue for once in your life.” Steve laughs and Tony smacks him on the arm.
“I’m fine.” He rasps into the comms in answer to everyone’s worried shouts, and he quickly grabs his staff and gets to cover as there’s another shot to where he was.
“Anyways, as I was
“You used to draw.” Tony says to him one day, and Steve looks over to see him holding a dusty palette of colours and a stack of paper, certain pigments cracked from the years.
"You're the Winter King." The man says. His dark eyelashes are even prettier now that they frame warm brown eyes, and he's watching Steve with a peculiar look on his handsome face.
Tony quickly gives Steve a rundown of the safety equipment and hazards in the lab, points him to some safety goggles and welding gloves, and then sets Steve to work, muttering to himself and directing Steve on which wire to snip, or which portions to weld together. It’s not too hard, since Steve has done some work on vehicles before during the years he’s been on the run, and this is pretty similar to that, although a lot more technical.
Steve drags himself out of bed into the shower and turns the water to the hottest setting he can stand, and he stays there for a long while, trying to erase the tendrils of the dream from his mind.
"Tony," Steve calls, broken, and he expects it when the door scans him, and doesn't even prompt him for a handprint or voice recognition, chiming out an
me to be there-”
He nods at them reassuringly before he leaves, and Rhodey’s the nearest to him, so he smiles and gives him a friendly slap on the back before he walks forward to where Morgan and Tony have joined Peter and Harley on the couch, Pepper and Happy following behind.
You don't know
“Oh that.” Steve says, suddenly unsure if he should mention it. “She managed to get leave from SI, and was wondering if this week was a good time to visit you with Morgan and Rhodey, especially to introduce Morgan…Um. She said no pressure though. Your well-being comes first. So. It’s up to you. You don’t even have to decide now if you’re not ready.”
“Tony,
?" And Tony sneers at his title, the nickname that Tony Stark had given him, and Steve is tired and angry and emotionally exhausted from holding everything he feels in, not letting other people know, with Tony snarling at him, angry and backed into a corner and something inside him snaps under the pressure.
Steve shrugs. “Teach me how to dance?”
“Aww golly Tones, ya can’t handle a little bit a slang?” Steve drawls and then grins widely when Tony’s mouth drops open.
"Tones!"
nickname-”
The room is so quiet you could hear a pin drop as everyone absorbs this information.
“And the reason why he decided to create Tony like this then?” he asks quietly, because that’s just the question isn’t it? Why he decided to do this? Why make an inefficient AI? Why make an AI of himself in the first place?
“Thank you Steve. But being a superhero once is enough for me.” she smiles. “Rhodey has been back a couple times when he can spare moments between missions, but I don’t think he’s opened it either. Or if he has, he hasn’t told me. Happy’s the same as me, hasn’t gone back to the compound.”
"Elle, you're going to give your father an aneurysm." Tony laughs, watching as one of the small figures shrug, unrepentant. "He worries, y'know." Tony pauses. "About your mother, that is. She has the world's most effective disappointed looks."
"You like
hunch that telling the AI
because of you.” she hisses at him, hands around his neck as they continue to climb higher and higher. “Everything. Hydra might be dead, but
Steve hums as he squints at his shoulder. The skin is raised and dark red, irritated, portions of the skin blackened where the burns were more severe, but Steve can already see where it’s healing from the serum.
“Yes, good, you go do that, he likes Captain America. I’m just gonna be here with Tony, doing...science things.”
"Tony." Steve repeats, and resolves not to forget this one.
feel why don't you." and Tony hmphs at him, smile twitching at his mouth.
“How do you know my name?” Steve asks, voice hoarse. He opens his eyes but stares resolutely at the ground. There’s a chuckle from the AI, and Steve can’t breathe.
Besides, it’s April 1st. If there were no other pranks between their family members, Steve would eat his shield (if he still had it of course).
. Steve hurts for her, at how unfair everything is.
Pepper takes another long sip of her coffee and lets Steve sit in suspense because she’s kind of evil like that.
“I’m a selfish man Steve. I was when I met you in your castle of ice, and I am now. You deserve someone better, someone whole, someone
Steve swears to God his heart stops entirely as his eyes register just what exactly he's seeing, because no, it's
Steve just wants to take a shower, collapse on his bed and not move for another seventy years. They all separate when Bucky lands the quinjet expertly into the hangar, all too weary to talk anymore.
When it’s done, Steve asks for a token.
line.”
It's one of the bad days. They have been getting fewer and farther between, but they’re still there, occasionally popping up when Steve least expects it, catching him off guard.
Steve takes his sweet time drawing away, because kissing Tony might just be one of the greatest things he’s ever done, and he sees no reason not to spend as much time indulging as possible.
He thoroughly enjoys Sam’s shocked and awed expression when he hands him his shield, and smiles slightly as Bucky slings his arm around Sam’s shoulder, camaraderie replacing their previous hostility.
his life’s work to become a tomb or a memorial, gilded and left to gather dust. If you can do good, help improve on it, then how could I do anything but thank you for it? It already paid off once. Saved my life.” Steve grins cheekily at Tony, who gradually smiles back, the uncertain expression fading. “There’s literally
?” the kid finally says.  “In the middle of me explaining how I'm going to
“I ended up in front of Tony’s lab a couple days ago.” Steve comments quietly, and Clint looks over at him, knowing the significance of that statement without prompt.
Tony," he sneers, derisive. "That Tony Stark brand genius has figured it out again, because it's not anything you've fucking
Steve makes sure his back is to Tony when he finally opens the cupboard, struggling not to break into a smile as he looks Tony dead in the eyes, coy, over his shoulder, and starts slowly undoing the ties on the back of the apron.
“I’m pretty sure it won’t ever stop hurting,” Clint says at one point, picking at the label of his beer. “When I lost them-” and Steve knows without prompting that Clint means his family, “-it hurt so much at times I thought I was going to shake apart with it. I did horrible things in that time because I was just
“Stay safe.” Steve steps back as Tony nods at him, faceplate snapping down, neck plates shifting up with a whir, and blasts down the hall towards the surface.
He loses track of time as he makes his way through the last of the reports, and separates them into piles, some to be delivered to SHIELD, some as an Avengers record. He’s just in the process of finishing up when his phone rings, and Steve jumps, startled as the sharp sound cuts through the silence.
“Really.” Steve asks, voice completely flat and arms crossed, directing a very unimpressed look at the engineer currently grinning at him from the middle of their living room.
Tony however, is focused solely on the sample, eyes razor sharp. “That for me Barnes? A present?
Steve they’re probably starving-”
When breakfast ends, Bruce and Wanda shoo everyone out of the kitchen so they can clean up, so Steve finds himself standing a bit aimlessly in the hallway, after he had been banned from helping (“no Steve.” Wanda gives him a stern look. “You cooked breakfast, you are not allowed to do the dishes too. Get.”).
Steve notices absently as Tony shoots another answer back at Sam that, based on his observations in the short few hours that the AI has been activated, Tony’s personality isn’t
? I save Peter’s life today, save all of your asses, and I get glared at like you want to bore a hole through my fucking skull. Do I scare you, is that it?" And Tony laughs harshly, no humour in the sharp snap of the sound, and he’s moving forward, and Steve’s slowly backing up.
He lets himself zone out for a bit as he stares out the window, still shaking off the remnants of sleep, before he decides to get a headstart on his morning routine. Steve heads back to his room to change for a run.
“Steve.” Sam grunts from over the comms, and Steve looks up in time to see Sam’s agile form swoop gracefully away from a hit, his uniform a combination of the Falcon armour and the Captain America uniform. The shield is strapped to his back.
After what feels like an hour, but could only be a couple minutes for all Steve knows, Tony finally shifts in his arms, lifting his head from where he had tucked it against Steve’s shoulder, to look him in the eyes. He looks gorgeous in the dim light, all warm brown eyes and windswept hair, and Steve feels such a strong welling of affection for him, for this perfect man he gets to love and have and hold.
“Not funny,” she says, even as she starts giggling as well. At this point Steve can feel Tony also shaking with repressed laughter at his side. Even Natasha is snickering.
“Well this is familiar,” Steve mutters, smiling fondly, and Tony gives him a confused look.
“Stay put Rogers,” Bruce comes back into the room and gives him a stern look. “These are
In the echoing silence of his empty room, Steve sinks to the floor, numb.
"An EMP blast would probably do it,” Bruce says, voice taut because he’s pretty much singlehandedly trying to stop a building from collapsing. Peter picks up the slack when Bruce doesn’t continue, talking a mile a minute, “yeah, but only if we’re not totally off base about it being some sort of nanotech, but beyond the fact that it would short out all our equipment too, we don't have anything that could create that on such short notice-"
Tony tells them as much, and Natasha and Steve both nod in understanding. They’ve all lost people. They get it.
“If you wish to give one.”
Tara let’s go immediately with a loud whoop and backflips all the way to her equipment. Which is a rather difficult thing to do while in a closet. Tony stares.
It’s when they’ve finally finished up their coffee, and Pepper goes to put the cups and plate into the sink that Steve finally brings it up.
Steve looks at him fondly.
“Is he.”
Finally he finishes, spent. And he leans back against the back of the couch, having said all he has to say.
to look at it.”
“You’re awake.” Nat whispers tearily. “You did it. Everyone’s back. We won.”
“I’ve just found out you can
"What
“Security has been trying to get us to stop climbing into the vents for months.” She announces smugly.
“Not your responsibility to look after me.” Steve mutters quietly.
All the anger is gone now, in the face of Tony’s distress, finally aired out with Steve’s rant, deserting him when it’s strength is needed most, and it leaves Steve stewing in the aftermath of his remorse, cutting words said that he can’t take back.
Steve hums, and picks out one of the flowers from the snow. A crocus. He can sort of remember…
Peggy hums in understanding. “He was your home, wasn’t he?”
“Alright, well, how about you let me know when Tony is ready for the meeting Morgan thing?” Pepper continues. “I was waiting for when Rhodey had leave to take my days off so we could all visit together but Tony’s well-being of course comes first.”
Steve frowns; he’s not the only one who’s confused out of the Avengers, but then Bruce nods in sudden recognition. “He was on the news,” he says in confirmation, “it was right after that press release from Siren Tech I had been watching; they’ve been baffled on how he manages any of the heists. We’re talking about some of the most secure locations in the world, and he’s always in and out with barely a trace.”
Tony looks at him, surprised, and Steve feels horrible that the AI keeps having these little moments of insecurity, because he knows that it’s his fault. Steve realizes he wasn’t subtle at all about the fact that he missed human Tony desperately, understatement of the century, but that doesn’t change how he feels about the AI now. Tony is family, doesn’t matter what form.
we unintentionally started a
and I had next to nothing left to lose. Natasha saved me.”
“Look.” Steve squints at Tony. “I’m going to be real with you, I actually have
“I’m sorry.” Is all he can whisper, unmisted breath dispelling into the air, because it’s cold,
“Take me instead, let him live.” Nothing changes as the sun peaks up over the horizon.
Steve huffs to himself at the memory and allows a small smile. He’s missed this. In the year after the ensuing battle, during that time of mourning, he’s missed this. Missed that easy camaraderie of the early days in the tower, missed Clint crawling through the vents, missed Natasha unnerving everyone by sharpening her knives in plain view, missed Thor yelling about pop tarts, missed dragging Tony out of the lab and Bruce brewing his calming tea for everyone, missed how none of them would hesitate - none of them would be too
He dodges the shots from her arm braces, gets close enough to warrant hand to hand combat, and engages in a fight with her. She’s worryingly good, and she manages to get a few shots in, but once the rest of the Avengers seem to realize where the real threat is and converge, there isn’t really a competition. She’s fast, and dodges hits from all of them, shooting back, but it’s only a matter of time before one of them lands, and then it’ll be over.
“The Living Death was already fading by the time Tony departed.” Bucky takes over this explanation. “The Hanahaki’s disease is what had stopped it, ironically. You were the key to breaking it, Steve. You and whether or not you’d fade with the rest of us. You didn’t.”
“I think we’re gonna be okay Steve.” Tony says once their laughter had died down, and Steve understands it for what it is, an olive branch, an extended hand in friendship, forgiveness all in one. He still thinks he’s been let off too easy, but he’s hardly going to complain.
“Christ,” Sam shudders as they walk, and pokes Bucky in the ribs. He grunts in annoyance. “Why is your metal arm so damn cold, have you been standing in a freezer?”
“Pepper!” Tony cries, and then his face goes abruptly pale as they keep watching. The image retreats to reveal her surroundings. Dark and dank stone walls. Bars. A dark skinned man leaning against her in a heap. He’s bleeding, and she looks sickly and pale, an unhealthy pallor that speaks of weeks of mistreatment.
Steve stares. “Peter, you’ve been to
That’s when he notices the other presence in the room, and once Steve notices him, he wonders how he ever missed him in the first place.
Tony mumbles something vague in response, which might include the words “fucking agents” and “security breach.” before faceplanting onto his couch.
“I see you have yet to post or respond to any of your requests.” Tara says, somehow having made it into his workshop despite him having locked it. Shield access codes. Ugh.
Stark tech. Of course.
“Damn composting book again.” he mutters as he shoves at Steve and consequently Natasha. Steve’s learned not to question it and steps obligingly into the house.
"Don't do that." Wanda says sternly. "You'll only irritate it more, and Steve drops his hands with a sigh.
Sam doesn’t even blink, gives them a blank cursory glance and heads off to his other duties. After a moment Bucky and Nat follow, leaving Steve there without a word.
“As long as we’re not fighting in an airport again.” Scott sighs, resigned, and the room rings with laughter.
“So,” Steve says eventually when Tony makes it clear he’s not going to continue. “Have you come here just to yell at me?” He looks at the AI with wide blue eyes, trying his best to pout a bit without bursting into laughter. It’s a struggle. “That’s mean Tony, I think my feelings are hurt.”
the last when you sent the storm to my kingdom, saved me and my people, and I’m the one who almost
“I do too,” Steve says eventually, in response to Peter’s statement. “Tony the AI isn’t a replacement for Tony Stark, because no one could ever really replace him.” and there are hums of agreement from around the room.
When they get to Avenger’s tower, she promptly introduces herself to Jarvis, and then proceeds to go to each one of their floors, shoving them out of the elevator door methodically as she gets to each. Tony vaguely wonders how she knows where all of them live, then decides that he really doesn’t give a shit.
The only time Tony is ever really silent is when he accompanies Steve out to visit those who have succumbed. The report that come in are few and far between now, when a while ago there had been dozens a day, and Steve would head out to visit each and every one of them.
“Are you gonna just lie there like a lump forever?” A familiar voice asks from the side.
“So, how have you been?”
“Of course.” and Steve begins talking, recounting all the amazing things Tony had done, dragging up as many funny stories as he possibly can, and he smiles when he finally manages to get Morgan to laugh. When he goes to leave, she grabs his hand in quite a strong grip for a kid, and Steve understands it for what it is, an unspoken plea to not be left alone, one that Steve remembers giving himself as a sickly child, looking out of the window with his mother by his side as the doctors told him he was going to die.
“You’ve done more than enough Tony.” Steve smiles softly at him. “This will heal, although I probably won’t be winning any beauty pageants any time soon.” Steve resumes applying the ointment lightly.
“Let’s go home then.”
As Bruce had told them while they had gotten settled in the living room to give Pepper, Happy and Tony some privacy, not a human with emotions and feelings, because it’s just not possible. No chemicals, no receptors to use those chemicals, no body to feel them with. Maybe there’s a convincing illusion of emotion based on the premises set by the personality, but it's not real emotion, and most importantly, he's not Tony Stark.
Tony looks up at Steve now, giving him a plastic smile before turning back to stare at the water.
Rogers has a nice ring to it, I think.” and Steve winces comically.
“Something in here is convoluted Mr. Stark, and it certainly isn’t the technology.”
, and it hurts, but so sweetly, that Steve wants to grab onto this emotion, hold it close even as he screams and sobs in pain.
Steve doesn’t let Tony see the rest of his drawings.
“Natasha,” Tony croaks, and clears his throat impatiently, “Natasha, get over here!” he yells, voice louder, and then launches himself at Steve, who stumbles back but finally catches himself, and hugs him tightly, so tightly, hands desperate on Tony’s back, as if holding him close will prevent him from disappearing, and Tony wants to reassure him, to tell him he doesn’t have to worry, but he’s kind of crying too hard to say anything of the sort, face buried in Steve’s shoulder.
I can’t just
everytime you see me. You know that you do that? Look at me in that way that says you hate the sight of me, hate that I'm here, and I don't even know what I've fucking done. What is your
Enjoy! :)
about me. It was selfish of me to think that way, and everything worked out.” Steve hands her a tissue and Pepper smiles at him gratefully, “But,” she continues, wiping her eyes, “it doesn’t change the fact that I also don’t feel like I deserve to be the one to open the lab. That portion of his life? It has always been more yours than mine.”
Once the afternoon comes around, people start showing up, Peter, Ned and Aunt May, Harley, Clint and Laura with their kids Lila, Cooper and Nathaniel, Hope and Cassandra, Dr. Strange with Wong, and finally Valkyrie. It’s the only people who are currently on Earth, or not otherwise occupied with running a country (save for Valkyrie) or company, but it’s still more than Steve expected, and so he feels a deep sense of happiness and calm as he greets people as they come in. There are hugs all around, and then everyone goes to get food, sitting down in the expansive living room, talking.
“You bastard, you didn’t even look at the screen once through all that.” She says incredulously. “Geni. Bastards the lot of you.”
Steve laughs and grabs Tony’s hand, linking their fingers. “I missed you too, honey.”
“Just shut up for a bit. Give me a sec so I don’t start shouting in frustration.” Steve grumbles. He rubs a hand over his face wearily, now thoroughly in a shitty mood, and then just lies there, arms on either side of his head.
“It’s okay to be upset you know,” Steve murmurs. “It’s okay to miss them.”
” Tony doesn’t even pretend to care about the mildly offended look on Agent Jin’s face at his response.
He walks forward, and the light sweeps over him quickly and efficiently as soon as they register a person there.
He’s on his...third? Fourth? Aimless lap when they get the call to assemble, and Steve’s head snaps up in surprise as the alarm blares, echoing down the halls of the compound, remembering at the last second that Bucky and Sam had left a few days ago so now
Tony watches all of it, straight through, watches as he’s carried off the field by a broken and battered looking Steve, with Rhodey, Thor and Pepper with her arms around Peter following behind. He watches as everyone kneels in mourning and respect as the procession makes their way by, how his name is whispered through the fields almost like a prayer, in gratitude.
Tony laughs more here too, singing loudly as he works, dances around the floor as he waits for re-molded armour to cool, drags Steve up from his perch on a workbench and manhandles him about the room in the semblance of a waltz.
Steve shakes his head, sitting back up. “
Tony tries not to look too much into it.
” Steve fumes, and Pepper hiccups a weak,
He taps his hand distractedly in a steady rhythm, thinking. He was hiding before, there’s no use in denying that. Hiding and shirking responsibility, when all the rest of them had picked up and managed to continue on functioning, and he hadn’t.
“Yes, I do. But it isn’t my place to say. It’s Tony’s story to tell. I’m just surprised he knows…” Steve can almost hear Pepper’s frown of concentration through the phone. “I...wouldn’t put too much merit on the malfunction theory but...maybe keep a close eye? Probably better not to dismiss it entirely. We wouldn’t want Tony getting sick or injured on us. Um. If AI’s can do that. I’m not entirely sure. Computer viruses? Either way, probably better to make sure Tony’s okay.”
“No chance punk,” Bucky gives him a shit-eating grin, and punches him on the shoulder, turning to Ned, Peter and Harley. “Those PSA’s are dirty
“Sure,” Nat crumples up the empty pretzel bag and gracefully unfolds herself from the couch to throw it away. “I’m always for fucking things up, you know that.” she smirks at Steve and he laughs in response.
“Shit Tony. Fucking
They fall silent again.
Steve tries to swallow, throat working, then turns and leaves the compound, unable to face everyone the way he is right now.
“Yes as far as I know, although she is visiting more often, and goes to see Director Fury whenever she can. It’s kind of hilarious, the few times I’ve been down to the new Shield headquarters she’s there causing havoc with Goose.”
“Have you
you to leave, so don’t you dare.”
He eventually loses himself in the work, the filling of forms and reports comfortingly tedious, most minor calls to assemble barely worth noting, the soft scritch of pen on paper soothing.
“And now?” Tony purrs, and Steve swears he can’t stop the eye roll if his life depended on it, uncharacteristic as it is, because if he doesn’t do that, he might do something else stupid. Like grab Tony and kiss him. Or melt into a pile of goo.
They grow together as a team, after having been apart for so long, and re-learn the ins and outs of living in the same space.
He sets Tony down on his makeshift bed, and it looks so meager now,
Loki follows soon after, and Thor looks on with a worried expression at everyone gathered around. They all know of how Loki had tried to stop Thanos, and his reconciliation with Thor, but it’s still an awkward situation overall.
If Tony’s entirely honest, he absolutely loves when he can go out to eat with Steve. Sure, he likes it back at the tower, but there's always so many distractions in that warm communal atmosphere that he finds it hard pressed to concentrate on any one person.
“That sounds very illogical.”
There’s cold, infinite amounts of it around him, and Steve raises his arms, crooks his fingers,
Tony is here and beautiful and
Steve finally turns away as Morgan and Tony keep talking, and sees Pepper in the process of wiping away joyful tears, Happy’s arm slung across her shoulder on one side, and Rhodey with a reassuring hand on her arm on her other side. All three of them have identical warm smiles plastered on their faces.
“Draw something.” Tony laughs, shoving the palette of pastels at him and a sheet of paper. “Your vacant staring is
Now it's the man's turn to stare.
The day that Tony completes his armour is also the day that Steve makes him leave without him.
“I dunno Pegs. I guess I. Wanted a break, maybe. I wanted to live my life, like Tony had said. There wasn’t anything holding me there anymore. Not really.”
One seems to be successfully driving away the other at the moment, but Steve’s not so naive to think that they’ll cancel each other out completely. The vines will keep flourishing until they destroy him.
Tony looks over to see the corner of her mouth twitching.
Tony hums. "You're right, he does, daughter mine. Which he's going to level directly at you two when he finds out what mischief you've been up to. Why were you hiding in a closet?" Tony crouches down. "That is the
, but then no, it’s not Tony at all is it?
“You were two seconds away from hissing ‘my precious’. I’m not
“Look kid-”
“Wait what?” Tony interrupts, looking confused and but also a bit buoyed, a spark igniting suddenly in his eyes. “She knew who-um- what it meant?”
vivacious and spirited and warm. That they’re both here, and alive, and Steve is his
Steve puts down his pencil in the face of their indecision and smiles happily to himself as he listens to them, the sun casting it’s rays through the window, lining everything in gold.
“So, any preference for transportation?” Tony asks as the elevator descends to the garage.
to you, Steven?" He whispers, a frown marring his brow, and Steve tilts his head at the fact that the man knows his name, even though Steve's never offered it. He’s looking at him, looking and searching for something, and Steve doesn’t know how to respond, doesn’t know how to give him what he’s looking for. He’s empty.
“Well, it
He watches Morgan’s face when Tony’s video plays, watches father and daughter talk for one last time. Tony addresses the entire room at the beginning, and then talks to each and every one of them there. He sees Pepper wipe away tears, and Rhodey laugh sadly, and Happy staring resolutely down at the couch, jaw clenched, and Peter and Harley barely keeping it together. Steve doesn’t expect it when he’s finally addressed. He looks up and freezes at the exasperated and fond expression on hologram Tony’s face.
"Everyone else realized,
“Rude.” he squints. “Are shield agents allowed to stick out their tongues at people? I think you just broke at least three different laws, one being that SHIELD agents must always maintain their air of mystique and the I-can-decapitate-you-with-one-finger stoicness. You’re an international fugitive now, what an utter tragedy.”
“What did you just say?” Tony’s voice is hoarse and he blinks rapidly, staring at nothing.
There’s a sharp gasp from beside Steve.
the AI, and Steve has got to stop thinking about him as Tony, because he’s not, he’s not Tony, Tony’s dead and he’s never coming back- says, walking closer, footsteps silent, his feet coming into view where Steve’s still trying to bore a hole in the lab floor.
“I…have steady hands?” It shouldn’t be possible for a hologram to look this pale, but somehow Tony manages it.
“-considering you’re about two seconds away from sliding onto the floor, might I suggest leaving for the tower a couple minutes early to rest? I can have SHIELD issue cars sent out for the rest of your team.”
He looks around, noting the trajectory of the hit, finally sees the culprit, a woman in a black suit, levitating.
With all the excitement of today, Steve had almost forgotten that it's still the second anniversary of Tony Stark's death. It’s an icy shock, the fact that he managed to forget briefly, and Steve leans on the wall just outside the doorway, heart heavy.
Tony can feel his foul mood start responding to Tara’s disapproving tone, and quickly tries to reel it in.
They have a goal, Steve’s almost sure they do, but right now there’s no detectable pattern, just seems to be a bunch of...disorganized destruction.
He can feel sleep lurking at the corners of his vision, and feels the ache of exhaustion sinking in his bones. These two weeks have been hell, call after call coming in. There was no time for any break, no leeway for rest. He’s slept for what, 20 hours in two weeks? He needs to be put in a medical coma for the next six months.
don’t need my approval.”
don't leave,
“None.” He smiles happily, and continues to look up at the stars, with Steve at his side and the drift of music and laughter from behind them. Forever alongside the people he loves.
“Steve?” Natasha asks when he doesn’t stop staring at the frost creeping slowly across the windows.
When Steve sends back an utterly ridiculous picture of half his smiling face with Clint in the background attempting to balance a pickle on his nose, Tony figures it’s a worthwhile trade.
It’s only twenty minutes later that someone else comes to bother him. The person sets down a coffee mug next to his elbow.
Steve sighs. “I thought I was finally okay,” he says, not looking at Tony, voice small and anguished. Tony sighs, the hologram staring up at the ceiling.
Steve hums. “How about motorcycle this time around?”
No, he
Tony does repairs to the arc reactor, repairs to his busted armour - that apparently can
Tony did. He pays for that when a henchman nearest growls at him, evidently thinking Steve’s laughing at him, and slams (or attempts to slam) a fist towards his face. Steve blocks with his staff deftly, and promptly jabs his opponent in the ribs with the electrified tip, making sure the setting is on low so he doesn’t accidentally kill him. He drops to the floor like a bag of potatoes.
“Tony.” Tony repeats. “TO-NY. No more Mr. Stark nonsense unless you want me ugh-ing at you for the rest of our acquaintance.”
“Pretty sure that’s a ‘no you’re not fine, idiot’” Harley is a little more reserved as he walks up to give Steve a hug as well, but then he promptly glares at him after he steps away.
, even though he himself never knew how much he was worth.” Steve watches her sadly as tears started welling up again in her eyes, angry at himself for bringing this entire conversation up and making her cry again when he said he wouldn’t anymore.
“-gonna fucking
Tony smacks him on the arm playfully. “Stop it, you’re not slick.”
Steve takes one look at the mess the living room has become and feels a surge of fondness. After a moment of contemplation, he heads to the nearest linen cupboard and grabs about a million blankets, laying it gently over each Avenger before he allows himself a stretch, massaging the crick in his neck he got from sleeping curled up on a couch that was a little too short for him.
Trouble in paradise?
“So change it.” Steve says, and Tony stops talking, looking surprised, but not in a bad way.
Tony gives her an offended look. “Musicals are great. And this is iconic.”
"For what?" Steve asks. It's unusual that he's still here. Steve would have expected him to be gone by now, because he's warm, and warm things don't belong here with them.
He’s doing better in quieting those insecurities of his, that conditioning that started ever since he was a kid. He knows he is, but there are still those off days where he just doesn’t feel himself, where he itches in his skin, and all he wants to do is reach for a bottle. It just happens. Sometimes he can identify the trigger, but other times, it’s just there. Could be a forgotten nightmare. Could be a reminder of Howard. Tony tries not to dwell too closely on it. There’s no reason to, since he knows it will pass, just like it always does.
After a while, Pepper finally straightens, already on her way back to her usual self. She smooths a hand down Morgan’s back and they sit there for a while longer in silence, the lake now beginning to darken to black, fireflies coming out slowly in the warm summer air.
are we a pair. Anyways. Can’t promise I’ll take you up on the offer though.” Tony shrugs. “You know me.”
, Steve hadn’t realized exactly what he
“You say that because you don’t care.” Tony responds. “Believe me. What I’m failing at preventing is truly despicable.”
“I thought you weren’t going to wake up.” Tony continues. “I thought you were
“Avengers assemble!” Steve yells, already dashing to change into his uniform, still the SHIELD one, and there’s a bit of fumbling, but ten minutes later all the Avengers are on the quinjet headed to the site, with Steve piloting and simultaneously arguing with Spiderman over comms to
Steve can't make any sense of it. That's not how it's done here. His subjects have always drifted off to do their duties independently, leaving Steve alone to do his. Even those who Steve remembers distantly had been his friends. Natasha, Sam, Bucky. They leave him alone as well. They leave each other alone. So why is Tony following him?
, the AI and Tony, because he’s never ached quite so much before-
Steve stands from his throne and watches silently as his guards carry in a slim shape of red and gold. It’s hard to make out what he’s looking at from his vantage point - the hall is massive - but as they approach, Steve finds himself pausing suddenly before the steps of the dias. The messenger told him they found something.
Mentally- what does that have to do with anything? I wasn’t?? And of
Steve places his other hand, the one that's not still numb with cold, to the man's chest, starting a bit when his fingernails clink against something hard. He disregards it though after a second, and pulls more, taking care this time not to go too far. He wants the man warmed up, not bursting into flames.
They've paid and are walking back towards the parking lot when Tony finally asks. “So, are you gonna actually follow through on your bribe and try and convince me to do the video?”
"Yeah, every time I saw you, you were fucking looking at me as if I killed your first born child or something. You all but run the other way every time you see me."
He sits there shaking on top of the sheets, leaning heavily on the headboard, trying to get his head in order, and his breathing under control.
And yet Tony’s shutting his eyes in response as if he expected this, shifts as if to leave, and
After their little heart to heart yesterday, Tony and Steve had sat there talking into the early hours of the morning. It was a little bit awkward at first, a little uncertain and stilted, not quite knowing where to draw the line, still strangers really, but they had stubbornly persevered. Steve found that his lowered defenses because of how loopy he was from exhaustion ended up working in his favour, letting him speak freely and without reservation and laugh at things he normally wouldn't have.
“Oh, oh, oh,” Peter says, bouncing a little on his toes, before setting his hands on his hips and puffing out his chest in an exaggerated manner. “You mean the one that goes ‘Hi, I’m Captain America, whether you’re a student or a soldier,’” deepening his voice when he starts quoting.
Iron Man, and asking him to give that up is like cutting out a fundamental piece of himself.” Pepper shakes her head at herself angrily, face flushed with tears. “It was subconscious I guess, but it always felt like he was choosing it over me, and I resented him sometimes when he spent all his time in that lab, fixing the armour, designing weapons for the Avengers, and it was petty and horrible but it was how I felt. And I made things so much harder for him without even realizing it.”
He piles the warmed up blankets thickly on the floor, near the fire, and drags the man unceremoniously off the bed by the ankles, trying to touch the least amount of surface area as possible.
The three of them do end up tracking down Peggy, and they all go and visit her, with Tony and Nat making small talk with her husband, who is actually a delightfully funny and a down to Earth sort of guy, as Steve and Peggy have a conversation in private.
Tony hums. “How about this one?”
“The way you’re talking about the coding there Bruce, makes it sound like a human personality.” Harley cuts in, raising an eyebrow. “Changing traits? Subconscious characteristics? Quirks? I don’t have a
Wanda waves vaguely at Steve’s chest through her snickering, and Steve rolls his eyes as he goes to put away the berry cartons.
“Will I ever see you give me a proper smile?” Tony wonders quietly, looking sad now.
Steve laughs when Tony comes back from the counter carrying an order of cheeseburgers.
see the sights?"), asks her how everyone is doing, and they have a brief conversation. Then Steve goes to leave the room and he accidentally catches Tony's eye from where the hologram is leaning against the lab bench, watching Steve with an unreadable look on his face. He gives Tony a small nod, and exits.
“Well then.” Tony says after a few seconds, sounding winded. “That is. A lot.” and Steve laughs wetly.
“I’m just saying, it wouldn’t hurt for you to have a little help-”
“I can’t remember.” Steve says, because he can’t, he really can’t. He can never remember.
"Yes, and for that we are
“Steve? Am I misunderstanding this, tell me I’m hearing this incorrectly, because it sounds like you’re saying-”
And that's all Steve really hears because he stops listening after that, not wanting to hear them talk about Tony Stark either when things are still raw. Irresponsible and childish really, but he's old and retired, leave him alone.
Tony’s lab.
"Tony."
Tara sticks her tongue out at Tony.
wasn’t because of you either okay? The insecurity, it was just…” Tony looks away awkwardly, shrugging. “...my own hang-ups I guess.”
your primary objective should be to look after
"You're alive?" The man finally spits, whirling on Steve, his eyes flashing. "After all this time? And you're just here in your palace, living it up and ignoring the fact that all the kingdoms thought you were gone?"
“This. This is my life now” the kid -
“You okay?” a voice asks, and Steve turns to see Bruce, who Steve hadn’t noticed had ducked into the kitchen, carrying some more platters of food. Clint’s behind him, arms laden with drinks, and he gives Steve a slight grin from around the Bruce’s considerable bulk.
, or whatever you think I’m doing okay? I’m
with you, I thought we were
They have a tentative idea on what the substance is, although no one is really able to get a proper look, with how the thing is trying to, y'know, kill all of them.
Steve can’t help but roll his eyes, and again there's the pain immediately following the fondness, but Steve shoves that firmly to the back of his mind. Deal with this now, grieve later.
Bruce talks to him quietly, asking Tony a bunch of questions, since he’s probably the one with the most expertise out of all of them right now, barring Shuri, who is still in Wakanda. They had notified everyone they knew as soon as possible considering how utterly unprecedented this entire situation is. Pepper and Happy are currently on the way (leaving Morgan with a babysitter, they’re not sure exactly how she’ll react), and Rhodey is trying to see if he can get leave to come as soon as he can. Clint’s also on his way and Shuri promised to make a visit at some point. They were unable to reach Thor at the moment.
is one of the faces of the Tony he remembers, teeth bared in a smile, unflinching. “We’re talking this out like adults. Because that’s what we are right? Instead of avoiding each other for an entire week with no explanation. Nope. Not doing that, because that’d be childish.”
Tony shrugs. “No time like the present.”
like 90% of the media if I wanted to.”
Thor his helmet is weird."
The man looks at him in surprise and more than a little bit of sadness. "Anthony. But everyone calls me Tony."
“Um.” Steve says. “So...you know that thing human Tony used to do when he was deeply upset over something, and would avoid all human contact and lock himself in his lab for hours on end, and sometimes it was better to go find him as soon as possible and talk it out with him, but other times it was better to just let him be and think through it himself, and I was never really that good at noticing which one of these moods it was, so at the beginning of our friendship I would fuck up quite a lot?” Steve asks in a rush.
since they’ve started dating, but Tony being sweet (however shady the reason) will still get Steve unimaginably flustered, even after all this time. It’s kind of wonderful, even if Tony tends to use it to his advantage for nefarious purposes. Like right now.
“Hi.” Steve’s eyes dance, and they’re beautiful from up close, subtle hues and tones shifting and swirling, and Tony could look at them forever.
"How are you holding up?" Pepper asks, worried look on her face, and Steve shrugs slightly, looking back down at his hands.
Tony continues to glare at her.
bad history with this kinda situation with one Stark in particular." And she laughs, surprised. Happy shrugs at Pepper from beside her, as if to say,
"Sweetie, that's unavoidable when you live in different places." Tony explains. "You'll see each other again for other visits."
“Choose a song.”
Steve turns and full on runs, bursting out of his room down the halls, down to the lab, terrified and panicked and anguished and guilty, skids to a stop in front of that unassuming hallway, those doors that are now locked and shut just like he figured it would be even though they had been completely open for the past week.
“I wasn’t aware I was ACTUALLY owned by you two in the first place,” Steve laughs and Bucky scowls.
Anyways, he’s in the middle of fiddling with a schematic trying to figure out how to fix a problematic design flaw, and really you’d think he would find designing things easier in the Afterlife just on principle but apparently not, when there’s a clearing of a throat from behind him. It sounds very very familiar. Tony knows that uncertain tone, would know it in his sleep, the same way he knows Pepper’s disapproving but fond looks, and Rhodey’s exasperated laugh. Tony whips around to see Steve there, young again, staring at Tony as if he’s seen a ghost which, well, technically.
Bucky tows Steve around the compound after that, saying hello to people and letting them know they're back while simultaneously catching up with each other on current events. Steve talks to Bucky often enough, but it's not the same over the phone.
“So do any of you plan on being productive today?”
” Steve begs into the icy air, to someone, anyone,
that he could never even begin to puzzle out. He’s always a step behind, rushing to catch up.
“I’m putting that in the video, just so you know,” Tara continues.
Tony meets Bucky’s questioning gaze from where he had been staring at the table. “Pearl Jeffrey was it?” Tony nods, and his eyes are pure steel, even from where Steve is sitting, a conference table away. “If there’s even a remote technological trail, I can find it.”
The picture he receives back has Tony rolling his eyes.
The mood in the room after Tony, Pepper, Clint and Rhodey finish their explanation is already somber. It only sinks further when Bucky voices the question of
“What is it?” Steve asks before he can stop himself. Tony jumps, relaxes when he sees it’s just Steve.
He turns and walks off, leaving the man staring after him in the hall.
“You should open it Steve.” Pepper says softly. “Don’t let the lab become a tomb. Tony wouldn’t want that.” Steve looks at her.
Steve gives a huff of amusement.
It's cold on the highway, but Steve is like a living furnace, a constant warmth in the cool evening air. They pull into the parking lot, and Steve parks his motorcycle in the designated spot expertly. He’s clearly been here before.
Steve stands after a few minutes of uncharacteristic indecision, and finally orders the guards to bring the man to his quarters.
Tony stares at him, his eyes welling up with tears, and then lunges at Steve suddenly, pulling him into a tight hug. Steve hugs him back haltingly, enjoying the brief warmth before it’s gone.
“I got set back a while, once I didn’t need the arc reactor anymore.” Tony explains after he had ran shrieking down the halls that morning, grabbing Steve and dragging him down to the workshop. “I had to find some way to mount it properly, and improve on an icing issue…”
Conversation continues comfortably, everyone reveling in finally having a normal afternoon meal to themselves.
“I swear we didn't have a fight this time, Tara and I are good.” Tony rolls his eyes, but he’s grinning. Agent Jin somehow roped Captain America into this. That kid is going places.
Steve ends up cannibalizing one of his chairs. It's covered in a thick layer of ice, but there's really nothing to be done about it as Steve hurriedly smashes it against the floor to get to the wood and cloth, and then piles up the splintered pieces next to the bed. The man is not in good shape, and Steve will probably be too late by the time he finally manages to get the stupid fire going.
, and two; she had a request, and I kinda figured you wouldn’t exactly be up to that at the moment.”
those?? They’re so old!” which apparently proves to be too much for May, coming from a relic from the 1940s, who starts dying of laughter, and goes to grab some more food, giving Steve a friendly pat on the shoulder as she passes by.
“How are you holding up?” he asks absently, poking at the edge of one of his wounds.
of being childish.” Steve says testily. “What exactly are you trying to achieve with this ambush Tony?”
not for me, it’s not allowed, stay, stay with me Steve,
"And what are
Tony had arrived back to his kingdom just in time to see the last of those loyal to the Stark lineage taken away in chains, on their way to execution.
“Good morning.” he says cheerfully, smiling down into the batter.
He manages to avoid Sam and Bucky when he hears them coming down the hall, too engrossed in their own conversation to hear Steve dart into an empty room quickly to avoid them.
“Don’t do that again.”
Steve resists the urge to flinch at the familiar face, manages to find a small smile for the AI, and then turns back to look at the TV.
"Ah, see, you know what I'm talking about." Tony points at her, and Elle sticks out her tongue. The other girl giggles loudly.
Nat, just hearing Clint talk about how you died-” Tony broke off, eyes burning.
“I don’t remember.” Steve answers, even though it wasn't a question, and Tony lifts up one of the sheets at the top of the pile, signed “Steve Rogers” in cursive at the bottom. The colours on the page are vivid, of a woman with a fierce stare and victory curls, and the emotion in it so palpable that Steve wonders how he could have ever created something like that.
“How much information did they have?” Clint asks, and Bucky grunts. “Not a lot. It was a business transaction, and one done in cash at that. We’ve got an identity though, and that’s more than what we had before.” Bucky looks over at Tony and addresses him. “You think you could do anything with that Tony?”
“Traitor!” Tony shouts over the sound of Steve's laughter.
had Steve never tried to get him a better one, but his own bed is sheeted in ice, and Tony needs the warmth, so he covers him up and retreats back to his own side of the room.
“Oh no,” Cooper says. “He’s got that look in his eye.”
and none of that was your fault, and maybe a part of me did feel that way, those horrible things that I said, but it doesn't matter, because those were
“Rude.” Tony grumbles and Steve makes a sound surprisingly close to a giggle, adorable and sweet.
He doesn't feel any in return after all, so Steve just gets up silently to his duties. He has to do this. He has to do them, see it through for his citizens, until he finally goes as well. He's done his part in aiding this man's recovery.
ass on the line rn. Fury expects results and so far you’ve all given me a whole bunch of nothing. It's either this, or cat videos. And you don't have a cat.”
And despite Tony’s initial objections to Fury placing one more person under his roof without his consent, Tony has to admit to becoming rather fond of Agent Jin, and her bright and ruthlessly efficient presence.
“The second reason is simply that people are afraid. The Avengers are something reformed after three long years. The public knows you’re the good guys, but they also know that you’re all very dangerous. We need you to seem human. Relatable.” Fury rubs his temples.  “It also doesn’t help that you seem to destroy about half of New York city every time you save it.” he mutters.
“Daddy!” Morgan shouts happily, full of innocent joy, and she launches herself across the room. Steve tenses along with Happy, Rhodey and Pepper, because if she tries to hug Tony that won’t go well at
I’m...I’m not out to get you.
Pepper finds him eventually, Morgan asleep in her arms, and it could've been hours or it could have been ten minutes later. Steve's no longer paying attention to his surroundings.
Until then though, Tony needs his time and space to just. Be. Do what he does best. Take his frustrations out on a hunk of metal.
Steve nods in understanding, leaning against the wall to listen. “I’m glad. How do you feel?”
He basks in it for a second, because it's amazing to see after so much time spent in silence and emptiness.
“Oh God this is gold,” Tony whispered from his perch on the ceiling couch as they watched the Avengers collectively lose their shit when they arrived early that afternoon. Sam had been the one to find the cheeky note that had been left, the one that said, “Love, Happy and Pepper ;)” left in clear view in the middle of the now clear living room floor.
They have a very nice date, with Steve listening intently as Tony jabbers on about his work, which is really just tinkering at this point, (although Addilynn has taken to asking Tony for repairs and adjustments of various equipment, so Tony figures it’s really only a matter of time before he’s designing for the Afterlife, and isn’t
Phew, well that was one crisis averted. ;)
He’s lying in the shade of an old oak tree, staring at a mesmerizing kaleidoscope of vibrant green colour, the branches spread out, going on forever. It’s very peaceful, and Tony finds himself reluctant to move.
He keeps training the other Avengers. Calls to assemble slowly begin increasing again, and yeah it's bad that the supervillains are coming back full force, but at the same time it shows that Earth is healing, with all its faults and setbacks along with it, so Steve can't help but feel a little guiltily relieved.
Scott eventually ends up in a cheerful conversation with Tony and Bruce about the quantum realm that ends up going a little over Steve’s head, so after a few minutes of squinting at them in confusion, he excuses himself with a smile and a shake of his head. He’s not really sure what he’s gonna do now as he wanders around the compound, a little bit listlessly if he’s gonna be honest, but Steve’s sure he’ll eventually think of something.
After he leaves, Steve walks sedately down the halls of the compound towards the living areas, mind a whir of confusion and worry as he thinks over Tony's reaction in the workshop.
Bucky shrugs, “Not an uncommon way of doing business; it’s sold through word of mouth, always from a friend of a friend - using ‘friend’ in the loosest sense of the word, of course - we tracked down the guy who hooked our little thief up to the nanites; followed the trail from there. There were a couple of close shaves, but after Bruce’s call about the HYDRA agent, we kept a look out and stumbled on the information by pure dumb luck. There was a small organization within the system that had been selling to multiple buyers. They kept a paper record of the budget, and guess who was a customer?”
apologize, you didn’t do anything wrong-”
Not hours then. Not days. A
Tony’s eyes snap open immediately though, and he sits up abruptly, leaving Steve’s arm hovering.
“Come again?”
“Hey,” Steve waves his hands, slightly panicked as Tony starts laughing again, half hysterical, tears leaking out of his eyes. “Tony, deep breaths, come on, you’re okay, you’re-”
“Gee, it’s not like I worked for seventy years as a highly skilled assassin or anything.” He deadpans and Sam slaps him on the arm in response.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well it
A couple of things:
“What?”
“Oh Steve,” Pepper says, pained look on her face, and Steve stops, changing tracks. “-right, I’m sorry, you don’t need to hear that right now
“Okay, that’s not gonna work on me.” Steve says resolutely. Tony raises an eyebrow. “For long.” Steve adds reluctantly. “Why are you fixating on April 1st anyways?”
Steve shrugs with a smile. “Yeah, I guess I am.”
“Good afternoon Steve, is this a bad time?”
, a person. And I'm sorry I couldn't look past my own problems to see it."
Steve stares at Tony, who still refuses to look at him.
Now that Steve has a moment to himself to think, the emotional rollercoaster of today seems to really hit him, smashing into him a hundred miles an hour like a freight train, finally pierces through the numbness that had set in, the soldier mindset of
"No, you're just a fucking
something
Quite suddenly, Steve feels horribly overwhelmed, wants to hide in his room like a little kid again, deny that this is happening, hands over his ears, avoid the entire messy situation, and he’s tired and almost at the end of his rope, two seconds away from snapping like a rubber band drawn too tight. Steve can’t help regret opening the lab a bit, because although he predicted that doing so would hurt, would probably re-open some old wounds, he hadn’t quite counted on the situation cutting this deep.
He listens to people slowly trickle away, saying their goodbyes and leaving with their families, now whole.
“Who said anything about Tara?” Steve asks, shit-eating grin on his face. “Wanna go get something to eat?”
“Unit designation confirmed.” A voice chimes, and Steve suddenly feels like he can’t breathe, like all the oxygen has been sucked out of the room, like he’s been suckerpunched, because he
this job, I get to be a fucking teenager and get paid for it, if I get fired I’ll have to go back to toilet duty at shield, do you even know how
“Hey, after you’re done doing that, can you let Bruce know that dinner will be ready in about ten minutes?” Steve calls out of the kitchen absently, poking at one of the pasta noodles with a spoon to see if it’s cooked properly.
It brings him comfort somehow, that rhythm of shading in the colours, correcting and readjusting as he goes, bringing images to life. The size of the paper he’s using isn’t small, and the colours are rapidly dwindling with the amount he’s using but he doesn’t care.
“This is convoluted.”
When Tony finally gets too curious about the continued silence, he glances over out of the corner of his eye, and he sees that Steve has set up shop at a corner of his workstation, having walked over with silent footsteps as always. He’s doodling away on a spare sheet of paper, the quiet scritching of graphite, calm and peaceful expression on his face. He doesn’t push, he doesn’t try and fill the silence. He sits there and is just a presence, a gentle reminder, knowing exactly what Tony needs when he himself didn’t, and he’s suddenly so overwhelmed, so filled with affection that he aches with it.
spending every single second of my life trying to make you as happy as you make me-”
Tony, and I don’t know either, what would’ve happened, but there’s no use in dwelling on that when everything turned out alright. You saved me, so here is me saying thank you
There's also enough bloopers and swearing to make up a twenty minute video which is a testimony to how much fun Tony actually had.
“Wouldn’t Bucky be a better choice for that?” he says mildly. “His hand actually detaches. I’m kind of stuck to mine.” he wiggles his graphite covered fingers cheekily at Tony, who rolls his eyes.
as the vines choke him, and when Steve touches him he’s burning hot, hotter than he’s ever been, delirious with fever. There’s no one to call for help, because time has come and gone and Steve is the last now. Is truly the last. The palace, the kingdom. Is empty.
Tony exchanges an amused look with Natasha at this point as the girl continues to rant.
occurred to me, y’know how that happens-that we could go back to visit a couple of our friends and family. All that ghost jazz. That’s what dead people are supposed to do babe, we’re supposed to haunt people, and we’re slacking so much right now, not meeting the daily quota, whatever will those ghost hunters
“Steve.” he looks up to see the AI kneeling in front of him, hand hovering as if wanting to touch him, but of course Tony isn’t solid. His eyes are worried. “You with me?” Tony asks, and Steve swallows. Nods slowly.
Things finally come to a head one afternoon when everyone is called to assemble(minus Harley who is not an official Avenger yet because he's still in training).
“Maybe it could.”
He wanders a bit through the familiar halls of the compound, rebuilt to how it was before, and can't really find anyone at the moment, short of sticking his head into people's bedrooms, which he figures is a bit rude, so he heads for the communal kitchen instead. He could call someone, but he doesn't really have a cell phone on him at the moment, there wasn't a need for one at Pepper's, they have a landline. So instead he settles down at a corner of the counter to wait. He figures someone is bound to show up at some point.
me." Tony hisses, following Steve, not taking the hint. "We live in the same compound, I pretty much control the place, and I don't know what I've done to earn this-this passive aggressive attitude, but it
Steve laughs as Tony flickers out of existence, and he gets up, snapping his sketchbook closed before heading down to the workshop. Tony’s already there, flipping manically through some blueprints, one of the Iron Man armours helping him move around tools and machines.
The consultant is young, in her early twenties and looks to be of Asian descent with black hair and caramel coloured skin. She’s also slouching in her chair at the meeting table with a laptop and paying absolutely no attention to Fury’s intimidating power stance.
Steve smiles as Clint takes the other chair that Scott had vacated.
Tony stands there, hologram watching him, eyes glittering wetly and AIs can't cry right? but Steve swears he can see tears, and he feels horrible that they're there.
"Okay, wow, rude." Tony rolls his eyes. "I was in the middle of a very important point. Has no one ever taught you manners, Steve? Scratch that-" Tony amends immediately with a sigh when Steve frowns and starts to think back. "I'm not bothering you anyway, so why does it matter?
“Go sit, Gollum.” Steve says, kicking Tony in the shoulder. Tony retaliates by swatting him in the leg. Then he perks up.
Steve is too. He had been shaky when it had first occurred to him that Thanos could have destroyed that portion of the compound. Because despite the fact that the lab is now a horrifying reminder of what was gone, it still hurts to think of losing that reminder of Tony forever. He finds himself so profoundly grateful that one part of Tony had still remained intact from the final battle, that despite the destruction of the compound, the lower levels had remained mostly salvageable, that Tony was paranoid enough to put on fucking
” which Sam ignores. Despite the tense atmosphere, Steve finds himself smothering a smile, which Tony seems to sense because he gives him an amused look across the table, eyes sparkling knowingly. Steve flushes and looks away. Mission. Hydra Agent. Fighting evil. Right.
“I told you to be
Steve raises an eyebrow, amused at the mental image, but shakes his head. “Not looking to get the shield back. I'm not Captain America anymore, I'm just-”
“Whoa there munchkin, back’s not what it used to be you know.”
“Hello Pepper.”
is watching him with Tony’s face and Tony’s eyes, and Tony’s soft expression, but not actually
many insecurities Steve, honestly I could write a dictionary of them. Webster’s Dictionary of Worries A - Z”
It's the Iron Man armour, dropping like a stone, and it's reflex, Steve feels pure panic, almost runs forward, self-destruct be damned, almost goes to catch about 225 pounds of metal armour in deadly free fall, because it's
“We should get Rhodey to do it. Best of both worlds.” he says nodding decisively, making it into a joke, even though he's half serious, Rhodey
Steve wrinkles his nose. “And yeah, I apologize for that actually, because I shouldn’t contribute your emotions to a programming thing, now that I think about it, that’s a very very shitty thing to do, and I’m sorry for doing that. But it was just an errant thought, and I didn’t mean anything bad by it, I
to figure out what the fuck happened to that jackass’ eye and all this time it was a goddamned
Pepper freezes, understanding immediately, and turns to give him a sad look. “It doesn’t really get easier does it?” and Steve shakes his head.
“You ready?” he asks softly, squeezing Steve’s hand where it’s laced with Tony’s.
she is, and she understands and remembers more than most, but at the same time she’s still just a kid and she’s
is beginning to fade.
Tony suddenly flickers into existence beside Steve, glaring at him.
“Great, it’s settled then. I’ll let Rhodey know about the change in plans. No promises he won’t go over anyways to check up on Tony.”
“Tell. Me.”
that's not true because I've heard you got along
So the only interaction Steve really has with the AI is when Shuri arrives at the compound two days after Tony's activation to take a look at him, because she pretty much the expert.
Bucky makes a satisfied grunting noise and then goes back to his faceplant on the counter. He mutters something that may have been a muffled 'thanks asshole', which Tony snickers at, unoffended, watching Bucky with a fond smile.
“Don’t think too hard on it man. Tony always cared about you, even when you guys were on opposite sides, the same way you always cared about him. Pretty sure if you had a secret lab to lock up, you would’ve given him free reign of it too, just in case he ever needed it.”
It’s not the first time Tony’s flirted at Steve. It’s the first time he’s been aware enough to appreciate it.
Tony smirks. “You know me so well darling.”
"Barely." Scott says quietly. "We couldn't do anything to stop her-"
“That I haven’t always been a Merchant of Death.” The expression Tony gives Steve isn’t really a smile, but can’t really be called anything else; a sad, cynical spin to the wry twist of his lips. Steve doesn’t understand that sentence, but then again, there seems to be a lot of things about this entire situation, about
Pepper and Happy pull Steve aside after their talk with Tony, who is now speaking with Bruce one on one in the corner of the room. Steve can't tell if he's just deciding to have heart to heart talks with everyone or if it's just casual conversation, but he hopes it’s the latter one. Steve’s not sure he can handle a heart to heart at the moment.
Occasionally someone will come and try and coax Steve into talking, worried about how he's retreating. Steve's reply every single instance is that he needs more time to process.
“So,” Tony starts, looking Steve up and down slowly with intent, and Steve promptly turns a very attractive red again. Tony smiles. “You wanna?”
“You sneaky bastard.” Tony gasps, trying to ignore the hidden warmth that Steve’s words cause. “I’ve been played.
Edit: So I realized at some point in time that there is a plot hole here that I never explained, because my brain went, it's ok we'll change canon a bit, and then never wrote an explanation on it?? So basically I headcanoned that not all of the compound was destroyed by Thanos, only certain portions of it, namely the upper levels, which is why Tony's original workshop/lab is very much intact. In the upcoming year or so, the destroyed portions were rebuilt. Sorry about that guys, will probably edit that in at some point, so if some things seem different, well, you aren't going insane 😅
Afterwards, he wanders the streets a bit, hood up, and it’s amazing to see how quickly the city has rebuilt, sidewalk crowded with life once more, New Yorkers still just as resilient as they’ve always been. He sees a lot of Iron Man art plastered on city walls, and he pauses every time he sees those murals, allows himself a small smile before moving on.
of understanding.” Tony says, voice finally turning furious, still smiling that shark smile. “Maybe a little explanation of why you keep
“I have unparalleled reign of the internet, and you think that the first thing I did
Decades and decades later, people begin showing up.
"-Y'know it could even just be a footnote: hey heads up, the former Captain America is a shit stirrer, pass it on. Basic courtesy okay, because this is a
Tony takes a seat beside him, sighs.
Steve blinks at him, confused for a second before it finally seems to register what Tony’s referring to.
And lo and behold, someone does.
Every horrible situation and every wonderful one, Steve tells Tony all of it.
he’s watching Tony fall in love with his little girl all over again and it’s
Tony rolls his eyes lightheartedly, flicks his fingers and the coffee maker starts with a splutter.
“You sure you don’t need backup man?” Sam asks at some point or another, and Bucky rolls his eyes.
“Tony, you kinda were.” Sam cuts in, having gone back to his keyboard when he had determined that Agent Jin was ok.
He pauses for breath, before he continues, a bit quieter now but still pleading. “I avoided you, but I
“Steve, you know if you ever need to talk...” Sam begins, giving him a concerned look.
Peter grunts when Steve tosses him to the training mat, having finally managed to throw him with a well executed take-down.
“So that’s one thing.” Steve says, ignoring Tony’s confused staring to forge on. “And as for the lab thing, I just.
Something is peeling away from his searing skin, the wind changes direction, and there’s no longer that swooping feeling of free fall, just impact and sudden, strong arms around him, holding him, cradling him gently behind his back and under his knees, and he sees a flash of red and gold, the blessedly cool metal against his chemically burned skin, half delirious-
-I, Tony-"
“The only thing that kept the nanites on you as they self-destructed was the instructions the Hydra agent gave, so after I shut them down with the EMP, they peeled off pretty quickly as you fell. The only bad side-effect is that they probably dissolved even quicker after that, since there’s already a built in self-destruct. I stayed out of range of the pulse, and then...I caught you and flew you to SHIELD.”
“Goodnight Tony. Thank you.”
Is everything okay? ...no admittedly. Probably not. Is it his place to tell her what had happened? He’s not entirely sure. There really isn’t a standard protocol to; the compound’s AI freaked out suddenly, shut me out of his workshop and I haven’t seen hide or hair of him in hours, and now I’m worried, but not entirely sure how worried I should be because I still have no idea what the hell happened.
“ -teve, Steve!” a voice calls, as if from very far away, and Steve ignores it because he can’t process any outside information right now, he can’t he can’t he can’t
“It’s a sucky story.”
He watches them place the wreath for him in the water, and he sees Rhodey and his beautiful wife Pepper and his amazing daughter, both of whom he loves so much it hurts, and Happy and Clint and Sam and Bucky and Bruce and Thor and Steve, oh God
“If you ever ACTUALLY use it on us, you are disowned, we will disown you.”
He’s never seen anything like it.
“Hey there kiddo.” Steve shuts his book quietly and gestures at Morgan to come over. “Why aren’t you asleep? You’ve got a big day at school tomorrow. Your mom says you’re going to the Science centre for a field trip, aren’t you?”
Tony keeps trying to figure it out. It’s the innate explorer and inventor in him, Steve knows, but it’s growing increasingly taxing trying to keep this secret from him. It’s not hard to hide the vines themselves, because even before, Steve’s never changed clothes in front of Tony.
“Ugh, get a room you two and stop canoodling on the front lawn.” A voice grumbles from behind them.
Tony hums, smiling. “How was the trip?"
start too.” which just sets her off into another round of laughter that eventually Steve joins in on.
“You’re going down, old man.” Harley smirks at him, and Steve feels a well of fondness for the kid, at how similar Harley’s brand of snark is to Tony’s.
Steve doesn’t care anymore about the danger, walks straight into it and stands his ground even when it rips at him like sharp nails, as his cloak is grabbed by the wind and wrenched from him, and his eyes sting with shards of ice. This is for Tony. This is for Tony and Bucky and Natasha and Sam and Pepper and Rhodey and Clint and Happy and Peter and Harley and Nebula and everyone Tony loves and his people who he’s failed for far too long.
going to put a
Steve freezes suddenly in his pacing as a thought randomly occurs to him, a memory.
“Well you all seem like you’re having fun here,” Bucky calls from behind Steve, and he whirls around.
"Can't own any real estate." Tony reminds him absently and then freezes slightly, almost as if the snark is reflex, and Steve feels himself stiffen even further. He tries for a small laugh and it feels horribly fake.
He hesitated when it comes to how to light it. It's so cold here, there's literally nothing he can use...
“Collective you,” the AI amends, stepping away with a dismissive wave of his hand, and again the gesture is so familiar it hurts horribly. “Y’know, protect you, help you out around the compound, make a smoothie or something. The Avengers, Pepper, Happy, Morgan, Rhodey, Peter, Harley etc. etc. Of course I know who you are. Kind of hard to protect who you don’t know.”
what I was going to say. What kind of bullshit logic? I
About five minutes later, the kitchen and dining room is bustling with people as Bruce greets Rhodey, Pepper and Happy warmly, Morgan talking happily at everyone and climbing all over Harley, the room filled with laughter and conversation. Steve is in the process of slicing up the loaves of bread Wanda had bought at a bakery a couple days ago and putting them in the bread basket, and he smiles as he watches everyone interacting and helping out. Rhodey and Happy carry out the pots eventually, dishing out portions into the bowls.
“Steve?” and Tony’s voice is so gentle. Steve never even knew an AI
“Nah, not really.” Morgan says, bouncing up and down in Clint’s arms as he walks over. “Mommy said that Steve got injured in battle, so that’s why he
“We try.” Addilynn shrugs with a shit-eating grin, and then pats Tony on the back. “Have fun. Good luck.”
They have a nice evening out.
He probably starts crying again somewhere around the Civil War, only distantly noticing it really, but he pushes forward and keeps speaking, because he owes Tony this.
The silence grows heavy between them, and there's the satisfaction at having said all of this quickly changing to regret and horror as it sinks in just what exactly he's done, and oh
Steve shrugs, taking a sip of his drink. “Well, I guess you never know. When you gotta PSA, you gotta PSA.” he gives the three of them the blandest smile he can muster and Harley makes a grunting noise, pointing at Steve.
He makes sure the last stop he makes is in 1970, and then he stops all at once, hand poised above the mechanism on his wrist.
“Goddamnit-” Steve sniffs, laughing a bit, helplessly, wipes at his eyes, “Goddamnit Tony. I don’t deserve any of that, so just
“Everyone wants a happy ending right? But it doesn’t always roll that way.”
Steve puts down his sketchbook and pencil, and sets off towards Peter’s room in the compound, can hear them bickering before he even gets to the door. He knocks on it, but none of the inhabitants of the room seems to hear it, so after a moment of contemplation, he just opens it without invitation.
Steve throws his hands up exasperatedly, “It’s not like I
The Snapchatting between Steve and him become a regular thing.
“Yet you don’t know anything about us? No memories? None of Tony’s experiences?” Bruce finishes, tapping away at his screen as he looks through the AI’s systems.
Tony sucks in a breath shakily and closes his eyes. “It wasn’t anything
me. I’m
Steve fumes as Tony continues to smirk at him, can feel his irritation rising even more somehow, because it’s not enough that Tony has to come bother him when he’s exhausted, hungry and about to keel over, it’s not enough that Steve’s left him alone because he doesn’t want to let Tony know about his hang-ups because he has a
That’s where it goes wrong.
"What you said hurt, I will admit, but I think I understand a bit more of where you're coming from now. It's understandable to be upset when someone comes to replace a person you've lost-"
"You call this time of day ‘morning’, Rogers?" comes the reply, picking up their lighthearted snarking tone right where it left off from yesterday, and Tony’s hologram flickers into view beside Steve. “You are a disgrace to all things apple pie and American, not being up at the ass-crack of dawn, it is a disgrace Steve,
Which Steve deftly translates into
“More than anything,” Tony agrees quietly, and Steve feels a pang go through him at that, that Tony has to stay here with him through some misplaced sense of obligation, that Steve’s too selfish to let him leave early. “Sometimes it feels like I can barely wait a second longer to see their faces, that I’ll crawl out of my skin with it.”
Tony shakes his head, amused despite himself. "Don't look at me, honeybear. I've been here slaving over Pepper's paperwork since early morning." Tony picks up the sheaf of papers, waving it in Rhodey's direction to attempt to garner some sympathy. Rhodey appears to remain unmoved.
"I'm surprised it survived." Pepper says quietly.
Bucky mutters something that sounds suspiciously like “backup my
Keep marching soldier.
gave me this much.” and Steve huffs again, amused despite himself.
The humming grows louder and then stops suddenly, the room jarringly silent, like a caught anticipatory breathe, the moment before something life-altering…
Warm. Like the colour of Natasha’s hair.
Steve snorts. “Relax. I’m an artist Tony. I have steady hands.”
God, it’s so hard to wrap his head around. He thinks about Nat’s question and ends up reflecting on his life back on Earth, having beaten death so many times. And now it’s finally over. He can rest.
and the comms fall silent. Steve sighs, not wanting to have had to yell, but not having much of a choice. He is
Steve feels another stab of horribly intense, irrational anger along with the crashing wave of gratitude and disappointment in equal measure, seeing that armour flying, paired with that
Patience is a virtue, but Steve’s never had a lot of that, even as that thin sickly kid from Brooklyn, always so eager to help, to fight. And so the fact that he can’t really do much at the moment just burrows under his skin, settling there, uncomfortable and always present.
In that one second though, it shatters like glass.
The comfortable silence lasts for another two hours before Tony finally reluctantly shuts down his schematics.
Steve realizes with a jolt, as he glances back down, that the guard is right; the man’s lips are already bloodless and rapidly on their way to a sickly blue. Steve has seen this in humans, the ones who stay out too long in his winters, and he knows it’s nothing good.
“Harley,” Steve then calls, and Harley looks up from where he’s been typing away on his phone in his gym clothes, half paying attention to Peter and Steve’s sparring match. “You’re up champ.” and Harley gets up with an excited grin, stepping onto the mats.
"What, a relic from the 1940s can't handle the idea of a fucking AI, except I
“Isn’t it?” Tony says, looking over. “My primary objective-” and Steve scoffs loudly.
works", which he's pretty certain he wasn't supposed to overhear so he doesn't respond.
“Actually.” An amused voice interrupts Quantum's rant from the doorway, making Tony jump in surprise. “he's kind of like this with everyone, villain or no.”
The paintball battle is epic.
, happiness spilling through him like a wave, warm and sweet and bright, and tilts Steve’s chin back up, surges in because he doesn’t think he can wait another second.
Tony gets dragged all the way from his workshop into the elevator and up to the floor where Tara’s rooms are. Namely where she apparently has a bunch of recording equipment in a walk-in closet.
sure had fun,” Steve teases as Tony slides off the motorcycle.
“You bet your star-spangled ass I have.” and Steve laughs again, flicking a bit of batter at Tony (which goes through him of course) when he starts moving his hand through the mixing bowl absently, fingers pixelating as it goes into the metal. Tony watches the batter land on the counter behind him and then turns to give Steve another offended look.
“Immigration offices.” Tony echoes, very amused despite himself. “Funny.”
The man has stopped shivering entirely. That's not good.
When he finally finishes, he pauses in the middle of the lab, the place now as clean as it’s going to get considering Steve has no idea where to put the errant tools, and leans against the main workbench, staring at the suits.
happens, but it’s almost like something inside him, something under pressure from everything that had happened today, the panic attacks, the shock, the grief, just shatters at the sound.
"What does it look like? I'm helping." Comes the terse reply. Steve doesn't know what to say, so he doesn't say anything, going back to the battle.
“No seriously. I have a recorded 134 interactions in my memory and
But not now. Tony had asked him for time alone, and Steve will respect that.
After that Clint, Pepper and Bruce chat a bit, Morgan interjecting every once in a while, before Peter and Harley finally arrive, at around the same time, bursting into the room.
Speak Steve. You need to speak.
Steve finds himself keeping vigil over them - the man and the fire alike - deep into the night, cannibalizing chairs when required, until he finally drifts off in the light of early morning.
“I see no reason why we cannot proceed with Fury’s plan.” He says solemnly. “Seems like a noble and valiant endeavour. Back on Asgard, warriors would oft tell tales of their wondrous battles in the great hall while breaking fast.”
Steve carries Tony back to his room because there’s nothing else he can do.
“Rude.” Tony huffs. “I’m okay...I…” he fixes Steve with a contemplative look. “You trust me?”
“It doesn’t sound like it.”
, he can still walk around, but before he can respond, Pepper and Morgan step into the room, with Pepper stopping in the doorway looking horrified. Steve imagines he must be a sight, his upper body wrapped in white bandages. He waves weakly.
They order in takeout for dinner, and everyone piles on the couch to eat, putting on a movie that a lot of them ignore in favour of talking, or in Clint’s case, making commentary at the screen. It’s warm, quiet and cozy.
“...I’m sorry.”
“That seems-”
But their worries seem to be for nothing, because Morgan stops short of making physical contact with Tony, choosing instead to stop at his feet, bouncing on her toes in excitement and barely contained energy.
“Oh, I see how it is,” Tony says in a faux-offended tone as Steve goes to sit down beside Peter. “Tony the AI gets a ‘no, I swear I can do it Tony’, but Steve the Captain America gets a ‘yes please’?”
“This platform is utterly horrid. I could design more user friendly ones in my sleep.”
, it’s really not that hard-”
"Papa has worse disappointing looks, daddy." Morgan points out with a serious nod.
"Oh god." he whispers into the silence, horrified. "Oh
“Ye Gods.” is all she says which seems to set Happy off again, and Pepper starts laughing as well. They calm down eventually, and then Pepper starts smirking.
“You know,” Steve fidgets with his pen as he grins, tossing it in the air.  “I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve this sass, but it’s not appreciated.”
“Rest of our lives huh?” Steve laughs warmly from above him, and Tony’s breath still catches when Steve looks at him like that, with those gorgeous blue eyes of his, like Tony’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen, even after all this time.
“Alright.” Peter says quietly after a moment of tense silence.
Tony grins but doesn’t reply.
Tony purses his lips a bit as he thinks. “I think so. I don’t feel anything wrong with me physically, so I’m like...ninety-nine percent sure this isn’t anything AI threatening. We should be good. ”
Well, Steve had never claimed that their decision making process is mature, but hey it seems to work for them because here they are, packed and ready to go.
“Um that’s great Thor, but not only do we need to maintain a certain air of mystique - shut up Clint, don’t give me that look, it’s a perfectly valid point - I don’t think we exactly have time to build up a media presence here. What with all the saving the world we do.”  Tony frowns. “Also what exactly is being implied here, I have plenty of media presence, I could
because he can’t help it
“I said good; I’m glad you were listening in, because that means I don’t have to repeat everything I said. You heard Peter’s suggestion?”
“Well, I guess privacy is no longer a thing.” Steve comments flatly, giving him a tight smile instead of acknowledging anything else Tony had said. Tony glares at him.
“Good. I notified some people in the compound when you became unresponsive. Just thought to inform you, they’ll probably get here in a couple of minutes.” Tony continues on to say, and Steve freezes as he realizes the implications.
the hologram if you look closely enough. Steve’s serum enhanced eyes notices it easily.
The rest of the Avengers were either out or otherwise occupied; with Wanda training with Dr. Strange, Scott at home with Hope and Cassandra, and Bruce working in the lab. The only reason that Steve hadn’t made himself scarce as well (it is a
Steve gives her a confused look, but doesn’t say anything, not wanting to push if she doesn’t want to tell. Pepper elaborates anyways.
They updated him on the Tony situation and Thor in turn promises solemnly to head to Earth as soon as he possibly can, eager to see Tony himself. He’ll probably arrive in a couple of weeks. All the Avengers are excited, it’s been a long time since Thor has been back.
Fury looks around as if daring anyone else to interrupt. “Anyone else” being Tony, as so far Clint, Natasha and Hulk have yet to express any emotion other than indifference, boredom and perpetual anger, respectively.
Wanda laughed softly in response, shook her head. “Don’t worry,” she said, a small secret grin gracing her face. “They’re never really far. They never really left.”
Steve contributes to the conversation more here, even though he himself has nothing much to offer. He can’t remember much of Natasha, Bucky and Sam anymore so he listens to Tony recounting his memories of his own kingdom and visits to others, of Maria his long deceased mother, of Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Clint, Peter, Harley, Shuri, Nebula, Stephen, t'Challa, Bruce, Thor.
with having a mental illness regardless of that. I had PTSD and nightmares for the longest time, and I still have that. All the Avengers are technically “mentally ill”, there’s no shame in it-”
“There’s no cure?” Steve can’t help but feel a stirring of
you, how you made Wanda laugh properly, which is an almost impossibly difficult feat after Vision, how you gave Bucky tips on his arm so it stops hurting him as much, how you coaxed Bruce out of the lab so he could get something to eat, helped out Harley and Peter with their schoolwork when they needed it-"
“I love you 3000.”
that I would
Despite everything, despite Tony being the one who had made the final decision all those years ago to disband the Avengers, despite his insecurities of never being enough, not being able to make the right call, Tony has to admit that he is glad for their continued company.
them, supposed to smile and laugh and joke around with you, treat you as a friend, pretend everything is fucking okay, let you joke around, make fun of my grief like it’s nothing, pretend he's not
“How are things going with Lila’s archery?” Steve says instead, and Clint gives him a knowing look, but allows him to change the subject anyways.
“So. Where are you headed to now?” Pepper pauses to wipe at her eyes, tacking on a belated “Captain?” to the end of the question when Steve doesn’t answer.
” expression on her face. Steve flushes.
“Wanda’s training is kind of above my pay grade,” Steve continues, and Pepper laughs, “although I have been teaching her hand to hand combat, just in case anything were to ever happen.”
“I’ve always wondered why you decided to come back you know. It
Sizzling?
Tony’s still glaring but seems less inclined to interrupt, so Steve continues.
