Dean shook his head from his thoughts and eyed the door as Sam came home. He toed off his work boots and set down the grocery bag before headed over to where Dean was sprawled out on the couch dying.
Castiel looked up from his book to see Emma nervously entering the living room. Dean and Sam were both at work. Sam learning the books and Dean working on the cars. Jerry was set to retire in a month and he was trying his best to make sure the brothers knew all the ins and outs.
Dean began to move, his head thrusting back and forth, fucking his mouth with Cas’ cock. His tongue laved over thick veins and the head. Drool and pre cum dripped down Dean’s chin, along with his lust blown pupils, he was sure he looked obscene. He was hard and his jeans were feeling too tight, but he resisted the urge to palm at himself. The edge felt good and Cas always appreciated when he was a good boy -well goodish anyway.
At some point he became more subtle with his revenge. Anyone who even looked at him creepily magically ended up poisoned or in big trouble for having bomb pieces under their mattress. After that most of the guys left him alone.
Dean fell on to the bed and shuffled backwards towards the bed board. Cas chased after him. Then Dean was being pinned to the mattress by Cas’ body. His hands roamed Cas’ back while the mob boss twisted Dean’s nipples and trailed his hands down his toned stomach.
Sam sighed again. He felt a lot older than twenty-three. Sometimes he wondered if one of these days if he looked in the mirror and saw and old man looking back if he would even be surprised. Sam stood and put the whiskey back in the cabinet, washed his and Dean’s glasses, then made his way to his room.
“Oh my god! I’m not a kid, Dean.” Sam cried out, throwing his hands up. “I can’t believe you don’t trust me.”
“There were rumors you and Sam were working for me.” Cas explained, his eyes flickered to Dean’s. “I needed to put those rumors to rest, and Crowley was getting pushy. He needed to be reminded that I had superior resources.”
“Physics.” Dean blurted, adjusted his glasses, and sat on his own bed after grabbed his textbook and notebook from the corner of the room.
“Yeah?” Dean heard Cas get off the bed and then he felt hot breath tickle his ear. “You remember my blue hair?”
“Yeah, our dads used to work together. Ellen is kind of a mom to me and Sam.” Just to fuck with the guy Dean took a long pause to fiddle with his shirt sleeve before continuing. “Jo is like a sister to me.”
“Yes, all the sappy domestic stuff that comes with living together.” Sam crossed his legs and turned his full body towards Dean. “So that’s your pros, what are your cons?”
A silence fell over the house. Dean was panting, but he felt so light. He could be flying. Maybe he should check and make sure Jack didn’t make him an Angel because he felt like he was on cloud 9.
From then on the rest of the night passed with dancing and alcoholic punch breaks. They migrated from different friends. Charlie floated in and out, making sure things were running by smoothly while also spending time with her date. Meg chatted with them for a little while with her own date, a girl Castiel had never seen before. Crowley had a starry eyed girl on his arm. Dean and Castiel  didn’t talk with Balthazar but they did see him periodically pressed into a corner, making out with a different person.
“Oh my-“ Sam shook Dean by the shoulders, roughly. “Yes, he is still here, and he’s not going anywhere.”
In the end though Hunter had a beer belly that gave him an extra fifty pounds on Dean. He successfully straddle Dean’s waist and began raining down punches with all the enthusiasm as a toddler with a bug caught in their hands.
“But we were in the middle of something.” Cas rolled his hips into Dean’s in a valiant attempt to distract him.
Cas made a beeline for the coffee maker and a mug that was sitting drying on the counter next to it. Sam was sitting at the table and he immediately gave Dean a bitch face. It was the ‘Dean You’re Amazing but I’m so Sick of Your Dumbass Bullshit’ TM, one of Dean’s least favorite faces. Ducking his head to ignore his brother, he popped bread into the toaster.
Thankfully someone -Hannah- was able to pull some strings and get the brothers in the same room. Which was a saving grace in itself if a small one.
He was dancing on that beautiful blurry line between awake and asleep. He was tipping closer to sleep. Dean would be asleep if Cas kept running those skilled fingers up and down his back. Hmm. Cas’ fingers were possibly one of the most attractive things about him. Actually it was a tie between his fingers and his thighs. No, it was between his fingers, thighs, and forearms. No, it was- okay maybe Cas was just an overall attractive son of a bitch.
It was the annual back to school picnic at Emma’s school and as usual Dean was attending. This year he was with Sam and Cas though, which made the situation a thousand times better. Dean shuddered at idea of the two times he had to do this by himself. The memory of hair spray tickling his nose as cleavage and uncomfortable shoes invade his space flash across his mind. One of the many perks of Cas was he kept away most of the crazy moms.
Dean woke to pain. Which was very unsettling until Dean remembered the night before. Scrunching his face, he grumbled and tried to fall back asleep. A deep groan rumbled and shook Dean with it. This made sense as he was currently laying practically on top of the person with his head on their shoulder and their limbs thrown about.
Now Dean wasn’t a man who tended to think things through. That business was Sam’s job and Sam was currently getting choked out on the floor. So Dean ran full speed at Hunter and bodily tackled him off his brother and on to the bed.
He had smoked a cigarette in his car on the drive over, but his nerves was starting to make him wish for another. Instead he took out his paper copy of local wildflowers and kicked his boots on the table next to his textbook. He lost himself in the familiar pages that smelt of soil and sunlight.
They stood under a water tower. Dean grinned stupidly and began to climb. Cas spluttered but wasn’t far behind.
Dean cracked open an eye and saw blue ones staring back at him. A soft smile was on the angel’s face and Dean knew there was a similar one on his own. He leaned in to kissed Cas properly once.
Shaking Dean off, he began speed walking away. Tears were pooling in his eyes and he needed to get away from Dean before he could shed them.
“Obviously, I’m the better looking on-“. Dean’s witty reply was strangled by a coughing fit. “So what did you tell him?”
Cas didn’t stay too much later after that. He did end up walking home alone that night, but he didn’t go to sleep for a long while. Instead he tried to stalk Dean on the internet.
Dean was bored. He was absolutely bored. In all his thirty years of living he had never had so little opportunity to entertain himself. He was bored
Castiel glared at his reflection. His tie was an absolute mess and the jacket was twisted at the shoulders. The guy glaring back at him asked for a piece of rope to hang himself with or at the very least a cigarette.
Suddenly a great memory came to Dean’s mind. Months ago when he had gone to Cas’ office to give him the news of his shoulder healing, Cas had whispered a filthy idea into Dean ear. He had told Dean he wouldn’t fuck Dean over his desk that time.
Dean wasn’t usually this desperate. Maybe it was because he hadn’t gotten laid in a while. Maybe it was because Cas was fucking hot and he had been fantasying about this for a long time. Maybe it was something else entirely. Either way, Dean couldn’t bring himself to care.
After putting his clothes in the drawers and adding a few kitchen fancy utensils Cas didn’t have and Sam would never use, he realized Cas’ kitchen made no culinary sense. So he was organizing it. Tasks like this always did wonders for Dean’s nerves, that and killing, but beggars couldn’t be choosers.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean tried to think for a moment to ask an important question. “How did you know I didn’t have an STD or some shit when you gave me that blow job
The brothers got their gear from the trunk. Sam gave Dean a stern face when he reached for the grenade launcher. Stupid buzz killing little brothers. Then they made their way quietly inside the dark house with their boring weapons.
He dropped into a crouch and grabbed his gun on instinct. A hand on his shoulder and he knew it was Cas. Any other time and Dean would have melted on the spot at the physical contact. Given another gun shot rang out his body was a little bit preoccupied.
Dean shuddered. He swallowed three times before he was able to talk again. Cas only sat quietly and held his hand tightly. He would squeeze ever so often, but otherwise he was a still and steady presence in Dean’s space.
“Babe, afterglow.” Dean whined. “The one time I do all the work and I don’t even get to enjoy the damn afterglow.”
“No,” Sam shook his head, “I would have done anything to get away from Dad. I never wanted to get away from you.”
“Oh my god!” Sam was standing in the doorway eyeing the walls in horror. Cas jumped away from the other boy. “Dean, you said you would finish, not-“
Cas was quick to set a brutal pace. Raising himself up and slamming himself back down. Sweat beaded on his brow and made the tattooed body glisten above him.
Carefully, Dean pulled away from Sam and walked over to his boyfriend. Cas picked at his sleeve and didn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
After Sam hung up the phone he made his way to Emma’s room. His niece was sitting in the corner of her room with her favorite stuffed animal, a black squirrel, in her lap. Emma’s fingers were stroking the tail methodically. Her head snapped up when Sam softly knocked of the opened door.
Now the four hour mark was passing and the brothers were still waiting for some shit to be done before they could get their phone call.
“Don’t worry, cooking isn’t easy.” Dean placed a kiss to the newly cleaned cheek. “You should see Sam in the kitchen, it’s a total nightmare.”
“Cas!” Dean’s fingers grappled for Castiel’s shoulders, his fingernails digging into his skin. “Move, please move, move.”
From the corner of his eye, he saw Cas. He looked a little sheepish and a hand gun was in his hand. Dean looked down over Sam’s shoulder and saw the man who had been after Sam. He had a knife held loosely in his limb hand and a bullet hole through the side of his head.
A thump came from upstairs. Dean raced up the stairs to find the source. He scanned the hallway and found them empty. Then he checked the first room on his right and found Sam pinned to the floor with a burly man -probably Hunter- sitting on his chest.
It was perfect. Those lips Cas had been dreaming about for months were just as soft as he had imagined.
Cas accented his words by pulling Dean’s hips flush with his and grinding their crotches together. The atmosphere went from sweet and soft to hot and steamy in point two seconds.
Stars flew across Dean’s vision as his prostate was hit perfectly. A stream of blabber left his mouth as Cas continued to thrust the spot. His toes curled. That heat in his lower stomach was coiling even tighter.
“Stevie is not getting lucky tonight.” Dean laughed, eyeing his friend as she speed walked away. “Charlie’s going to crash before the clock strikes midnight.”
He glared at the IV bag. Maybe if he glared hard enough it would drip faster. A few moments passed and revealed no, glaring would not make it drip faster.
“I got a few conditions.” Dean said stepping back. He realized he still had the coffee in his hand and walked over to the desk to place the cup down.
“Whatever.” Dean rolled his eyes, slightly worried about his dick falling off from all the sappy shit. “Your turn.”
Dean gasped out as Cas bit down lightly on one of his nipples. His hands gripped dark hair most likely too tightly but Cas didn’t complain. What he did do was switch to the other perked up bud.
Dean found him, as he always did, as he always would when Cas was lost. It was only once that Cas had pulled him from damnation, but countless times that Dean had returned the favor.
Cas lifted his hand from where it was resting on his stomach and patted the empty space beside him. Dean hesitated for only a moment before laying down next to him, both with their feet still on the floor. Cas careful took the headphones off and placed them between them, turning up the volume so they could both hear.
“Thank you, Dean.” He said softly, looking up at the other man with what he hoped was obvious adoration. This was a precious gift, music was something very meaningful, almost sacred to Dean and Cas loved so much that he wanted to show Cas the things he listened to and thought were moving or beautiful. He pictured Dean hearing a song and thinking of him and nearly went dizzy.
He could feel Dean’s weight shifting on the bed and his gaze on him like a physical touch that made gooseflesh erupt over his skin.
It was winter, which meant early mornings bathed in silver light, the sun shining distantly like the center of a pearly oister winking from behind a thin veil of white cloud.
So Dean had taken him home, as he always had. There were no more angels, no more demons, only shadows and echoes and the creeping creatures that Sam and Dean used to hunt when they were young.
He was human, fragile as a fledgling bird without a nest. He was lost back then, in the truest sense. Not like Lucifer, drunk on ego, or as Cane with rage. Lost as in without home or harbor, newly vulnerable as a fresh lamb thrown to the world without purpose. He was wandering blind through the desert, overwhelmed with the sensations and emotions of his new living form, a mortal form, heaving, messy and graceless. He had not searched for shelter, he dared not hope for it. But of course it found him.
Dean turned slowly and then paused. Cas was familiar with this game by then, the tension that would settle heavy in the air, conglomerate like a living entity that held its breath in time to them as they orbited each other carefully, carefully. His lips parted to speak and then closed again. His eyes flicked up and Cas caught his gaze and held it there. Dean licked his lips, pink tongue flashing out once, then sat down next to Cas. It was abrupt and Cas thought it might have been an excuse to break their staring contest. This way he could look down at Cas’ hands as he pressed something rectangular into his palm.
Cas wrapped his arms around the other man’s middle and kissed the bridge of his nose and then once lightly on the lips. “Yes.” He said, and Dean hummed and held Cas around his shoulders. His beard brushed over the side of Cas’ face as he leaned down to rest his cheek on his shoulder as he often did, nuzzling him like a happy cat.
Dean was quiet for some time, looking between Cas’ intense eyes before he spoke. “I know.” he said, then let out a heavy breath and rolled onto his back gingerly. “What are we going to do?” He asked, and in that moment Cas could picture him perfectly as a child, wide eyed and with still so much of himself left to discover.
The house smelled like frying potatoes and oregano, making Cas’ mouth water. He wandered into their spacious kitchen to find Dean standing over the griddle, bundled in a knit sweater Cas had bought him at a flea market. Dean smiled at him sleepily. “You put the firewood away?”
As a human it was different, less feasible to love Dean from a distance, less bearable to keep letting him bloodlet his nurturing and protection without receiving the same back in the intensity Cas knew he could provide it in.
So he built them a house. They had decided to move to Washington state, far away from the bad blood of the past the Winchesters left in the south, nothing that far north held any bad memories. Sam helped them swindle their way into purchasing a plot of land outside a small town and near the ocean. Cas got to work immediately, laboring for seven months, as God had labored seven days. He had built something with his own hands, made sure it had a solid foundation and walls that would never cave. He made it in Dean’s holy image, laid love down with every brick and felt the tension in his neck and in his tightly wound shoulders as evidence of his good work. He knew each floorboard and door frame, crafted each room with reverent hands. This place would be safe and it would be warm, and above anything else it would be his and it would be Dean’s.
Dean was bobbing his leg nervously and looking back at Cas with an expression that might have been hope or tentative pleasure. “Yeah, you’re welcome, man. I uh, have some headphones for it to.” Dean scrambled to produce headphones from a small drawer in his night stand and handed them to Cas lightly before pulling back his hands and rubbing them harshly over his own thighs as he watched Cas carefully search for the headphone jack and then place them securely over his ears. He could feel Dean watching him intently as he closed his eyes and clicked the play button.
Cas would tell Dean he loved him everyday, softly and teasingly and hotly into the line of his throat. After a while Dean started saying it back.
“I think I’m happier than I’ve ever been in my life.” He said, smile creeping over his face until it was shining out from his eyes and bathing Cas in the glory of his love. With a swooping feeling of awe and dawning clarity, Castiel realized that the same was true for himself. Of course he knew that he was dizzyingly happy, that he knew a love unknowable to any heavenly body, but he had not until that moment compared his current state to the immeasurable length of his existence. The last two short years had been the most beautiful he had known in all of creation, and it was because of his Dean Winchester. The righteous man, the only man. He closed the distance between them and cupped Dean’s gorgeous face reverently. Because he was allowed to, because Dean should be worshiped, because love should be worshiped, and he kissed him soundly. Dean melted right into him and then rested his cheek against Cas’ shoulder like he belonged there. Cas could feel his grin against his neck and his chest shake with easy laughter.
“Good morning, sunshine.” He’d say, half smile on and looking at him appraisingly. “I guess human Cas is a morning person.” Cas just smiled and put water on to boil the way he had seen Sam do it.
It felt to Castiel that the Earth was still at this hour, blanketed in a dusting of white frost that crunched under his leather work boots.
Cas looked away from the dusting of freckles on Dean’s nose he was admiring to look down at what his lovely Dean had placed in his hand, so careful not to brush their fingers together for too long. Everything between them was measured, had a purpose. Now Cas had to figure out the purpose of this gift, of what Dean was telling him with it that was too heavy to say with words.
“Did you know that I’m in love with you?” So it was out, slipping from his lips easily and washing over the both of them like anointed oil. There was no more heaviness in the air, now it was too light and made Cas’ heart beat quick, as if it were trying to escape his ribcage, run from the finality of what he had confessed.
It was a need now, now Cas was alive with a beating heart and animal desires. The trouble was that he didn’t know how to start.
He gripped the handle of his axe through padded work gloves and swung it up and over, feeling the twinge of his shoulder, the pull of its weight as he swung it down to hit its mark. A dull thwack cracked through the still air as the short log split in two and fell on either side of the squat block Cas had sat it on. He placed a half back on the block and raised his axe again. Each hit was well aimed and practiced, his body falling into a steady rhythm with only a little protest from his lower back.
Cas’ heart felt like it was swelling, filling up and spilling over. He still hadn’t opened his eyes. A part of him didn’t want to, he feared the precious moment could be punctured with a single glance. That Dean would be spooked by their eyes meeting as sometimes was, because he would see how much Cas loved him and suddenly he would be gone. But in that moment he was a solid weight beside Cas, close enough to touch. He was breathing shallowly and was so still, as if poised for something. But what better moment would Cas have? He had promised himself that all he needed was for them to be alone together. And they were alone together. He needed to make his confession, end their careful dance and then ask for forgiveness, if that was what was needed, or (a more hopeful part of himself thought) to be invited in.
So one night, they were alone. Dean had called Cas into his bedroom one night when he was passing in the hall. His voice had been soft in a way Cas had noticed it being more often, like the banishment of higher evils from the world had blunted some of the sharp tension that often outlined his thoughts and his words. Cas hoped that maybe he had something to do with it too, this subtle softening.
Dean could have died, and that’s when cas decided with a steely surety that it was time for them to make a new life for themselves. There were knew hunters, plenty to take their place. Hadn’t they served long enough? Cas was tired, he was tired of living for others, for serving a greater good. He wanted to live selfishly for once, and above anything else, he wanted to take care of Dean.
He thought back to when this body was foreign to him, how strange and claustrophobic it felt to be tethered to tender flesh and sinew, the awkward clunking of it. How it had ached to be spit out from heaven and onto the Earth, cast out without grace and left as a breathing soul in a body, no longer a vessel, but a part of himself he could not escape until Death would take him.
Later he would realize that the cure for his affliction was to confess. He should have known for how long he had watched humanity, seen them suffer for their silence. And for how long he had watched Dean, up close, seen how it burdened him to never speak on the heaviness of his heart. He thought of how humans had made unburdening a sacred ritual and understood why. He wished to sit at one side of a confessional, in the safety of darkness and comfort of the pungent scent of incense and paint the wicker window with whispered sins, have Dean on the other side in place of a holy man. He didn’t need his message to reach God, he had tried that too many times before and came back an empty chalice.
Axel was a little boy Emma’s age with a pointy face and what looked to be a mullet in the making. He was sporting a darkening black eye and a split lip. Sam couldn’t help compare the boy’s condition to Emma’s. His niece only had some dirt on her knee, otherwise she was unmarred.
Crawling under the covers, Dean didn’t mean to fall asleep. He did though. It was only because of a lifetime of a job where everyone was trying to kill each other did he hear the door creak open in the depths of his sleep. It was shut softly and Dean held very still, not wanting to spook Cas. There was a long awkward tension in the air. Then there was some rustling and a warm body was joining Dean in bed.
“Mr. Winchester and Mr. Winchester,” both brother’s heads snapped up to see a woman in a sharp suit, “Mr. Novak will see you now.”
“I’m not sure. It will take several hours, and that all depends-“ Understanding crossed Cas’ face. “I should be by seven.”
Finally they were at the location. It was a ghost town, Dean only hoped it wasn’t full of actual ghosts. It was eery in the town. There was no noise, only the occasional creaking of the old buildings. They didn’t find any demons, but they didn’t find Sam either.
“There are those manners.” Cas looked like a cat who caught the mouse with his self satisfied smirk. “But I suggest you stop moving your hips if you want me to continue.”
Cas made a noise of affirmation of some sort. Then they made their way in the direction Dean could only assume was the bedroom and not the torture chamber. Dean was preoccupying himself by decorating his boyfriend’s neck with hickeys and letting said boyfriend slowly guide them down the hall. Dean had always been a good multitasker.
Dean stepped back and glared at it. If looks could kill, that light would be well on its way to hell. Castiel stifled a sigh, the moment was over, but fuck if he didn’t want to kiss Dean anymore.
The badass mob boss was wearing a frilly apron and his hair was full of what looked to be sauce and maybe flour. Pots and pans were thrown about and a red sauce had painted the ceiling and his boyfriend’s face. Blue eyes were staring murderously at the remaining contents of his pot as if it had just unorganized his meticulously placed papers on people who were about to become worm-food.
Baby took him to a bridge. Dean parked and got out. The view was spectacular as almost all the views were in heaven. He waited a bit longer. Than he felt it.
“Wow, Charlie out did herself.” Castiel said, eyeing the tastefully placed Christmas lights and flowers.
For the most part they fit right in. It wasn’t like they were innocent. Sam being the size of a small yeti paired with the bitch face for the most part kept the guys away from him. Dean on the other hand seemed to have a sign on his back that said Grope Me. He broke most of the fingers belonging to the hands that touched him but that landed him in solitude too many times. Whenever he came back Sam always fretted over him and Dean had to told him back from killing someone.
Sam’s face softened and he came over to sit on the other bed opposite of Dean. He placed his elbows on his ridiculously long legs and got that kicked puppy dog look on his face. “I’m good with our lives, I’m good with us, but retirement is something we should plan for even if it is in forty some years down the line. The bottom line is this guy can give us more money in one year than we see in three. When we do decide to retire we won’t have to worry about credit card scams.”
He gave a small smile to Meg as he approached Cas’ office. It was a far cry from the normal swagger he had, but thankfully Meg didn’t comment.
After they pay and a walk around the pound next to the diner they return to their vehicles. Dean took a chance and kissed Cas chastely before promising to call later.
“D-Dean, don’t leave a mark.” Cas gasped out as Dean began sucking and laving at the sensitive skin.
Cas and Crowley talked business. Dean paid attention through a face of boredom. He had learned a long time ago the best way to get people to think you weren’t paying attention was to look bored out of your mind.
After business was taken care of Dean began warming up the shower water. He glanced at the mirror above the sink and smirked at his reflection. Dark hickeys trailed down to his collar bone. His lips were still slightly swollen and his hair was perfectly tousled in that post sex way Cas’ was all the time.
He spun around and pushed back frantically. No no no. Not again. Never again. Words of protest may be leaving his mouth, but Dean was too far gone already. Hands reached at him and Dean lashed out at them. He sank to the floor and folded himself inward, protecting his head and keeping his legs locked tight against his body.
Cas raised an eyebrow, but closed his eyes and took a bite from the fork Dean was holding. Dean watched Cas’ expression go from confused to pleased with satisfaction.
Benny came up to them not too long after. He was a football captain and also a part of Dean and Charlie’s D&D club. Castiel didn’t like how Benny looked at Dean, or how Dean would sometimes blush when the burly football player with the Cajun accent would call him Cher or Chief. Castiel was glad when he left to go dance with a girl.
“And why not?” Dean smirked into Cas’ neck. “Want to keep me your dirty little secret?” He said it with no bite, but Dean would rather brag about his total badass mobster boyfriend…or whatever they were.
“Can I be the flower girl?” Emma asked. “Jenny Tracker’s uncle got married and she got to be the flower girl.”
“No, the shop is fine, but you’ve got other plans. I’ll manage by myself.” John gave his son a kind look. “I’ve made it this long, haven’t I?”
Dean pulled the chicken strips out of oven.  Emma pulled herself up to sit on the counter next to the stove. She went to grab a chicken strip but Dean batted her hand away gently, scolding her that it was too hot yet.
Dean was about to correct his boyfriend before he saw the leer in his smile. “Whatever, dork, let’s go.”
Dean and Castiel broke apart laughing. “Well moment’s over.” Dean smiled. “What do you want for dinner?”
Their little spot was just a little ways off the path in the local park. A group of soccer moms glared at them as they power walked passed. They stuck up their noses either at his piercings and faded pink hair or the clear fact he and Dean were in a relationship. Castiel glared back.
At least Cas loved him. That thought made Dean smile stupidly. Cas loved Dean. Dean loved Cas. He may not have sex for a while but Cas loved Dean. Love. Love. Love. Dean Winchester was in fucking love with Castiel Novak. Fuck him please and thank you.
Dean rolled his eyes, as tradition required, and handed his encased arm to his little brother. Sam leaned down so his long hair dropped down covering whatever he was doing. He tried to bat at his brother, trying to get a look at what he was doing. Sam batted back at him.
Dean had never had a better kiss, and he’d kissed a lot of people. This one was perfect though. It was electric and warm and safe. It was home.
“If you’re in this office for bullying again, Axel, I’ll take it for two months.” She turned her frown line to the mother. “I suggest you be more careful what you say around your child, especially about other people. You two are dismissed.”
“We’re just meeting your boyfriend right?” Emma asked, her grip on her coloring book was knuckle white.
Dean set his jaw, unnerved the guy could get dirt on them, but their sources had come up with jack squat. Their sources may be a nerdy college hacker, the internet, and bits of bar rumors, but still. Dean didn’t like having his private bits poked through.
Honestly, Sam wished there had been someone to tell him that when he was her age. He regretted all the mean thoughts and words he had said or had about kids in his class who didn’t understand the homework or were failing. As a teenager who thought he knew everything, Sam hadn’t been understanding to why Dean never did his homework or got bad grades on tests. Sam knew better now, he just wished he would have learned that lesson before he hurt his brother’s and other kid’s feelings.
What felt like hours later, Dean’s eyes popped back open not having slept at all. Dean glanced over his shoulder to see it had only been ten minutes. Well fuck him.
“There is no redemption for John Winchester.” Dean couldn’t help but flinch at Cas’ words. Cas noticed, of course he did, and took Dean’s hand again. This time the hold was softer.
“And it’ll piss the hell out of my mother, so that’s a perk.” Cas put his phone down and began to kiss Dean’s cheek. “I love it when you blush.”
Sam hit Dean with a pillow. They had a very mature pillow fight, laughing loudly until they got tired.
“Seriously? You don’t want to watch anything else? There’s like a thousand movies in the entertainment center.”
A blush tinted Dean’s cheeks and he ducked his head and mumbled something incoherently before leaving the vehicle. It was a nice night. A cool breeze tangled with the warm spring air. The light from the bar cast the parking lot in a neon red glow. The Roadhouse was surrounded by farmland full of wheat whispering in the breeze.
“Fine.” Dean rolled out of bed and began gathering his clothes. “But I’m only doing this because I love you.”
“Everyone has a price, Novak.” Crowley said smoothly, as if he hadn’t just screamed like a little kid. The look the man had in his rat like eyes made Dean want to puke. “I’m familiar with Dean’s.”
Dean’s insides wiggled uncomfortably at the names of their past jobs being systemically listed off. A powerful business man had hired the brothers to kill a woman, Kelly, he had knocked up out of wedlock. The brothers had shot him in the head. Kevin Tran had been a college student who had been in position to graduate top of his class, a racist, rich mom hadn’t been happy with that and had wanted Kevin gone. Sam and Dean strung her up and drained her funds into Kevin’s bank account.
“It wasn’t stupid.” Cas pulled Dean in for a hug. “I understand why you were concerned, but I promise you have no reason to be, not with me.”
The view got better when Cas finally began moving. Strong thighs pushed himself up so Dean was barley inside of him anymore, before slamming back down, ripping a loud moan from both partners. Blue eyes rolled back and those dark eyelashes fluttered.
“Uh, blue.” Recently. Dean added in his head. It used to be red like his  favorite flannel or apples to be baked into his pie. Now it was blue, an electric sky blue, not that anybody needed to know that. “What about you?”
“Cas, I -oh my-“ Dean moaned as Castiel sucked a hickey into his neck. “I wanna do something different.”
“Hey, Romeo.” Sam said into the quiet house from where he was leaning against the wall separating the hall way from the kitchen.
Dean pulled the ring out of his pocket and dropped to one knee. He had thought it would feel stupid, but he didn’t. He had tears pressing at his dam and Cas was openly crying. Dean kept going.
“The one with dirt all over her face.” Caroline sighed and pointed to the little dark haired girl, who indeed had dirt on her cheeks like war paint.
“Do you want to put these somewhere safe?” Castiel gestured to Dean’s glasses that were fogged up. Dean just nodded, he swallowed roughly. Castiel gently took off the thick lenses and tucked them under the seat. “Let me know if it hurts, or if you’re uncomfortable in any way, or if you ever want to stop at any point.”
For good measure Dean also stomped at Snake’s head. A sickening crack let out and the snake tattoo was covered in blood along with the rest of his face. Honestly it was a cool looking snake, it was just done in bad taste. Especially with the tongue trailing up to his cheek. He would think about it later and shudder.
Dean turned his back to the guy and began dragging bodies outside. An hour or so later with minimal talking, they piled the dead vampires, heads and all, into a deep hole and set them on fire. After the fire had died out they filled in the hole and set out towards their vehicles.
They were able to get the trial moved to be within a month. Then Hannah promised that they would be able to bribe the judge and the jury. Until then though the Winchesters were stuck in prison.
Jail sucked. The boys were usually too good and getting caught wasn’t a regular  thing. Sam had never been in a cell for more than two hours. Dean had spent four months in a juvenile prison before his dad bailed him out. He had been fourteen and got busted stealing bread and peanut butter.
At some point Cas didn’t take anymore of Dean’s teasing and connected their lips again. A heat was flaring up deep inside his stomach. It felt so good, and Dean ground against Cas just once. It made both men groan.
“I can always go for a good burger.” Dean met Cas’ eyes and the tension softened into something more comfortable. He pulled into the Roadhouse parking lot. “We’re here.”
“Hmmm.” Cas kissed all of Dean’s scars and softly over the recently healed wound on his shoulder. It made Dean feel open and vulnerable in ways he would normally shy away from. With anyone else he would have made a joke, probably a crude one, and made the person get on with it. With Cas, however, with Cas Dean wanted to soak up every praise, every kiss, every touch. It was very teenage girl of him and of Dean had been in the right state of mind he would have grimaced at the girly thoughts and done something manly.
“Yeah, uh,” Castiel glanced at the floor, it really was disgusting. “I was wondering if you would want to…go out sometime.”  Nailed it.
Cas cleared his throat, clearly uncomfortable with Dean’s little smile at the thought of Dean’s mouth on anyone else. “Wh, what set you off tonight? What did I do?”
A year passed and things settled down. Sam and Dean got a house just outside of town and barley inside the radius they were given. It was a small, rundown two bedroom home on an acre of land that was mostly swamp. If you ask them however, swamp was just the best land to hide bodies in. With the big bucks they were making from their new job Dean was able to fix it up a little.
“You can’t get rid of me that easy, angel.” Dean smiled. “They broke my face. I like my face very much, and they hurt you, which I also like very much. I’ll be there to punish them for it.”
Dean let out a loud cry as Cas nailed his prostate. He saw stars and his toes curled. Cas let out a breathy chuckle before buried his face into Dean neck and sucking at the sensitive skin.
Emma and Dean got back into the impala and began driving back to Bobby’s. “So what do you think of Cas?”
It took a moment, but the words hit Dean’s brain and he burst out laughing. The little genuine smile he got out of Cas made the pain go away for a moment.
Dean snapped out of whatever daze he was in. “Yeah.” He grabbed his shirt and pulled it over his head.
Dean thankfully had the brainpower to lift the coffee cup out of the way. That would have killed the mood quicker than a mom walking in on her son’s prom night.
“Dean, I’d drive off into the unknown with you. I want all of you. I want your complications. I want your dreary Mondays. You know I hate accidents except for when we went from friends to this. Darling, you’re the one I want. I’d marry you with paper rings. I love you, will you marry me?”
From what Dean gathered Crowley was pretending not to be interested in the line of properties Cas had on the border between their territories while Cas pretended his goal was to increase trade routes and not stealing customers. This was why Dean was a gun for hire and not a businessman, the whole polite chatter with a thousand layers to it made his head spin.
Fuck no. He didn’t have a weapon on him this time. He needed to fight. Dean wouldn’t go down without a fight, but his body wouldn’t cooperate. He was frozen. He had fought before and won and he could do it again. He just needed to wait it out. He just needed…
“All my friends aren’t there anymore, they’ve graduated and moved on.” Sam ran a hand through his hair. “And I don’t know if could go back even if I wanted to. I don’t think I can go back and have her be gone.”
“Oh, thanks.” Dean’s cheeks tinted red and his freckles shinned through like stars. He adjusted his glasses before stepping back to let Castiel in. “Come on in, we can work in the kitchen.”
Sam pulled up to the school and managed to park between the lines before storming his way inside. He had only been inside the elementary school a few times when he was younger and a couple of more times as an adult for Emma’s concerts, but he was able to find the office easy enough. It was thankfully right next to the front entrance.
“Shouldn’t you be at school?” Shouldn’t that had been an apology? Fuck, why was he so bad at this? He really wanted a cigarette.
The weekend came and Dean got a call. He had just come from LARPing with Charlie and was relaxing with a book for the rest of the day before seeing Cas tomorrow. It just so happened it was his boyfriend calling.
Cas didn’t respond. Instead he smiled. Maybe a game of cat and mouse would be fun. He wasn’t normally one for games like this, but if Dean actually wanted to take him out on a date he was going to have to work for it.
“Which lots of people die of.” Dean pointed out. He was on a roll, making Sam roll his eyes three times since he walked in less then five minutes ago.
“Yeah?” Dean was smiling ear to ear. Castiel knew even if the night sucked this moment, that smile on Dean’s face, would make up for all of it. “Awesome.”
Dean snorted. He had been in a rush with this job. It wasn’t nearly as meticulously he normally did. Not that his work was beautiful to begin with.
Castiel was still dazed as Dean pulled away. He was able to notice the glasses were perched crookedly on that freckled nose. Castiel tightened them with a smile and kissed him again. Dean’s face was painted a deep pink and he headed headed back inside.
Dean listened to Emma and Cas talk over which ring fit each of Cas’ fingers. Dean was really hoping one of his old rings would fit Cas so he could get his mom’s resized. It wasn’t odd for Emma to be playing with Dean’s old jewelry - well it wasn’t necessarily old, certain ones just weren’t his favorite anymore so he gave them to Emma.
“Alright, thank you, Emma.” Principal Charles sighed before turning to Sam. “Im not sure if you are aware, but this is not Emma’s first incident. She has a habit of being violent when the other kids…” Are little shits? “Upset her.”
Castiel looked at him confused before Sam gestured to his own ears. “No not really. My cartilage hurt the most.” Castiel gestured to the top part of his ear.
Cas’ face did  some weird trapeze like he couldn’t believe someone asked. “I used to want to be an apiarist.”
The view from the top is amazing. The city lights of Sioux Falls shimmer beneath them and the stars dance above them. It was actually pretty romantic if Dean ignored the used condom a few feet away from them.
Tears were streaming down his face. That withering guilt inside of him lessened if only a little at his confession. Dean had been carrying that shit around for too long.
“Well, I doubt I’d be able to focus much now anyway.” Cas smiled and palmed at Dean’s still bare ass teasingly.
Dean turned around when Bobby’s eyes trailed over his shoulder. It could really be anyone, but either way he was anxious to see who it was. The Winchesters didn’t have a short of people in heaven.
Great, because Dean’s house filled with his family definitely would give Castiel the nerve to ask the guy out. It was just what he needed.
“Alright, let’s see how the big bad Dean Winchester holds up from the other side of a blade.” And with that a gun shot rang out and Duma dropped dead to the floor.
“I’d do it again.” Cas’ eyes snapped to Dean’s. Fuck, really hadn’t meant to say that. “I mean I’d prefer not to, ‘cause getting shot sucks and all, but-“
Finally Cas bottomed out. He waited until Dean was twitching under him before moving. Then, oh fuck, did he ever move.
Dean entangled their legs under the blanket and rested his head on Cas’ chest. Their rare night of the house to themselves was spent watching a kid movie and drinking hot chocolate. It wasn’t necessarily the night Dean had been expecting, but it turned out to be what they both needed. There wouldn’t be too many of these nights in the weeks to come.
“Please, De.” Fuck, puppy dogs eyes like that really had no place on a face of a man in his mid twenties.  “Just be careful.”
Castiel ducked out of the school with his bag. It wasn’t like he was going to be able to pay attention to his last block class anyway. He may as well save both himself and the teacher some pain.
Sam sat on the bench and was chewing on his fingernails. The kid looked possibly more stressed out than Dean was, but the younger Winchester was also channeling his anxiety into finding solutions. Dean’s problem solving skills had taken their union break.
“Yes, I believe we have have established what a date is.” Cas was getting defensive now. “You don’t have to be an assbutt about it, just say-“
“I remember when Sam and I were little we used to play all over these things.” Dean patted the hood of the car they were sitting on. “It’s the best place for hide and seek”
At Cas’ confused face Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “He’s got a question for you, not an actual bone.”
“Nothing more than what you did.” Dean wasn’t sure he had been expecting but there had been no need for his “insight”. “So what was that? You just wanted to shove me in Crowley’s face, huh? After that big comment of me not being property?”
Those traumatic thoughts aside, Dean was just grateful he was able to slip out of Cas’ house undetected. The clock on the old church in town chimed one am just as he began to drive home.
Cas was already there, he was looking at the menu in a booth looking relatively calm. Dean couldn’t help but smile and a little bit of the tension in his shoulders was shaken off.
For some reason scientists couldn’t explain that reminded him. “Hey, I’m going to need to stop by to grab my gun.” Dean told Cas.
“How about homemade burgers?” Dean’s soft smile turned into a leer. “And later something sweet for dessert?”
“No, don’t be ridiculous.” Cas began shoving papers aside. “I…lost track of the time. We can go now, just let me-“
“Sam, knock, you little termite!” Dean stood and shoved his little brother out of the room. “Sorry, Cas. What were you saying?”
Dean flinched at the loud sound. Then swore as Viper decided to join the party. She was wearing nothing but a pair of boxers and an oversized t shirt full of holes. The bitch who couldn’t have been too much taller than five feet then decided to attack Sam.
Not soon enough Dean and Bobby were on the road to Sam’s location. Cas was back home with Emma. Dean had needed Bobby’s knowledge of the lore with him and in all honesty he needed the older man’s grumpy steadiness. He couldn’t handle Cas’ knowing looks or trying to offer him any comfort. Cas hadn’t liked it, his blue eyes had flashed with protest but had nodded anyway.
He slept better on his stomach anyway, so strategically, Dean slowly rolled on to his stomach trying desperately not to disturb his slumbering boyfriend. When he successfully achieved his new position he threw a leg over Cas’ and snuggled into the mattress.
“Yeah. I mean I learned a lot about myself in college, but I was never really me. All my friends, even Jess, they didn’t love me. They loved Sam Campbell who couldn’t even sit through Halloween movies. They wouldn’t like the real me, the Sam Winchester who likes killing people.”
Cas pulled two conforms from his discarded jeans. With practiced hands, Cas rolled a condom on to himself before doing the same to Dean.
“Hmm.” Cas’ eyes narrowed and he ducked forward and captured Dean in a bruising kiss. When he pulled away it was only a margin, his lips still brushing Dean’s. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Dean.”
“Don’t feel to bad, Sammy. I’m sure you’re still a very prominent figure in the not laid community.”
Dean swatted in the vague direction of Cas’ face. “I’ve been shot. Rules say I get to sleep for the rest of the year.”
Emma scrunched her nose up at that. Castiel couldn’t help but chuckle. She then made a humming sound of intense concentration. Castiel also thought, what names had he heard kids calling their father’s? Besides Dad and Father he couldn’t think of any. There was Daddy but that made Castiel super uncomfortable due to this one guy he dated in college.
“Gotta a car to get rid of.” Dean couldn’t help the dreamy smile on his face. “Then I’ve got a date tonight.”
The next day Dean had told Emma he was dating someone who made him very happy. That however did not mean that he would ever leave Emma alone because of it. Nor was Dean’s special friend ever going to hurt Emma. It also didn’t mean that Dean’s friend was hurting him. It made Dean have to go to the yard and smash somethings as his daughter’s mother was not within a crowbar’s swing.
“It’s not my fault, I had to do something while you spent hours jacking off to old books.” Dean was pleased by the way his words made his brother’s face scrunch up in disgust.
Cas rummaged in his own backpack for wet wipes before returning to the bed. He cleaned both of them up. Their shirts were soiled with cum so Dean chucked them both into the laundry basket, he was due to do a load anyways, and tugged a fresh one over his head. After putting on his glasses, Dean dug in his drawer and tossed another shirt to Cas, it was black with the Death Star on it. They had recently watched the Star Wars series so Cas actually knew what he was wearing.
Castiel decided he didn’t want to get into the fact that Emma could call her mother by her first name and there was nothing wrong with him being “just Cas”.
“Growing up,” Dean started taking a deep breath. “Growing up there wasn’t always a lot of money, in total or just from what Dad would leave us. After Sonny’s- did I tell you about Sonny’s?”
The next day Castiel woke up around noon and couldn’t stand laying in bed any longer. He got a sandwich from the kitchen and took his bee book to the field a few blocks from his house. He spent the day reading and dozing in the field. Despite the sunshine and blue sky, Castiel’s mind was dark and stormy.
Dean arrived first. It was the typically sticky and dark bar that was basically as much of a second home as road side diners. Castiel wasn’t late, not that they’d set a time, but he was worried about getting stood up. Not that this was a date.
Taking advantage of Dean’s guard being down, Cas flipped them so Dean landed on his back on the couch with Cas straddling him. It was actually impressive how his boyfriend was able to keep them on the couch.
Dean froze at the door. Was he supposed to knock? Was it weird to knock on his own front door? It wasn’t really his own front door was it though? Still unsure, Dean raised his fist and knocked on the door as steadily as he could manage.
“Of course.” Cas smiled, he was already dressed. The mob boss pecked Dean on the lips. “I love you, too. Head out as soon as you can, your brother is most likely already preparing.”
Dean dropped the plate and it clattered at the bottom of the sink. He didn’t even register if it broke or not.
Sam watched his brother disappear up the stairs. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He really needed to go to bed. Sleep had been something that had been avoided. No matter how much his body needed sleep, Sam couldn’t help but drag his feet at the thought of it. Nightmares had been plaguing him since…well since forever but they had been more of a regular occurrence. He was not always sure if the terrors in his head were real or not.
Then Cas was gone, out the bedroom and out the front door. The make up sex better be good. Who was Dean kidding? Of course it would.
They had been contacted by an Alfie to come for an in person meeting with the crazy staby staby guy. Twenty thousand dollars was promised just for showing up to the meeting alone. So there they where. Sitting in a pure white room, only because of the promise of a ginormous hunk of cash and sheer curiosity. Both of which had a tendency to get the brothers into trouble.
“Because... because things are crazy right now, and it’s my fault.” Sam sighed. “It’ll get better. There’s just some stuff we have to take care of.”
Sam, usually on the same wavelength as Dean, grabbed a sharpie from the nurse’s cart. “Let me sign it.”
“Okay.” Dean closed the textbook. He had gotten a little less short with Castiel as the time had passed, but he still clearly wanted to be elsewhere. It hurt, but Castiel had a feeling Dean was closed off for other reasons. “That’s all we’re getting to.”
“One: Sammy and I have dinner at least once a night. I’ll go over there and make him something. Gotta make sure the Sasquatch is eating more than tofu and kale smoothies.”
“I’ll have whatever is on tap and a double bacon cheeseburger, medium well, with fries.” Cas said with a quick glance at the menu before handing it over to Jo.
“Uh, yeah.” Dean took a breath. Cas’ pinky hooked into his for a brief moment, it grounded him. “It wasn’t right. After Mom died you went fucking crazy. You shouldn’t have made me take care of Sam when I was four. You shouldn’t have left us in shitty motel rooms for days on end with little money. It wasn’t fucking right.”
“Whatever.” Castiel rolled his eyes. “Let’s make out instead. Doesn’t that sound like more fun?” He leaned into Dean’s space and captured his boyfriend’s lips into a kiss.
Dean couldn’t get the man out of his head. Those blue eyes plagued him. He had tried to ask Bobby who had told Dean he didn’t have a catalogue on every hunter. Well, he said something like that but with more cursing and sarcasm.
The mob boss wasted no time in shedding his trench coat and shoes before wrapping himself around Dean.
“Want me to ride you, Dean?” Cas’ breath was hot on Dean’s neck and it made him shiver, well, the breath and other things were making him shiver. “I’m all prepped and loose for you. Want me to sit on your cock and bounce up and down, up and down?”
Everything was so not awesome. Castiel glared at his reflection in the full length mirror in his brother’s room. He had taken the suit from the closet in Michael’s old room.
Cas seemed to notice his red eyes because his shoulders slumped. His hand dropped on to Dean’s shoulder.
“Not now, Dean. Maybe after you’ve healed.” The words came out of Cas’ mouth so quick Dean barely caught them.
Cas pulled away, seemingly startled by the beeping. It took Dean a moment to get some blood back to his brain in order to remember what that beeping was.
Dean was then gone, out the library and into the early evening. He was gone before Castiel’s brain even thought of walking the nerd to his car. Oh, well there was always tomorrow.
Heat pooled in Dean’s gut and a gasp escaped him. Cas smirked. Dean felt like he was holding his breath. He couldn’t look away, he couldn’t move. Cas used his thumb and pointer finger to grab Dean’s chin and tilt him down into a soft kiss with a dirty underlying.
Over the years he had gotten better. Of course it was still hard. Emma’s first day of school could have possibly been more nerve racking for Dean than the fresh kindergartener herself. Cas was a great help.
Another day passed. During Dean’s lunch break he went and got the ring resized. The man at the jewelry store was really nice and had the job done by the time Dean was done with work, so he picked it up on the way home.
“Cas!” Dean sighed in relief. “Okay, don’t panic but me and Sammy hit a snag and now we’re in the county jail house.”
Cas must have been on the same page because Dean was suddenly being pressed against a car, not too much more gently than when Smelly did. It was obviously so much better. Cas’ lips were on Dean’s. Tongues explored mouths that were not their own, but could basically be. They fought for dominance and Dean put up a fair fight, but in the end he really loved being man handled too much to actually win.
Sirens were coming closer. They wailed and blue and red lights flashed from the window. How many other crimes could possibly be happening in this suburb tonight? Dean wasn’t going to take their chances.
Life, as for fucking usual, had other plans. Nature began calling just as Dean was on the that beautiful fuzzy edge of sleep and awake. As he tried to ignore that he became increasingly aware of how unclean he was. Not necessarily like a walk of shame feel, but more of “I have dried cum where I shouldn’t” feel.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Sam exclaimed. “You were always there for me, and yeah, sometimes I wanted you to back off, but that’s because I was an angry kid who wanted my own space.”
“Oh.” Was all Dean said. What the hell was he supposed to say? They never really talked about Stanford, it was a time they both wanted to forget.
Sam may be the one who went on daily runs -the freak- but Dean thankfully had adrenaline on his side. Not to mention all the sex he had gave him great stamina in more ways than one.
“But I’m so glade I caught him too.” Duma grasped Dean hair again and bared his neck so the hickeys and bite marks were on full display. “You don’t have many weaknesses to exploit, Castiel.”
“Yeah, Red, I’ll bet.” Dean brushed hair out of his friends face tenderly. “I better get her home. I’ll see you around, Cas.”
Dean spotted Sam in the doorway holding a handgun. His brother looked downright pissed. Fuck, Dean was in for an earful. He hated it when Sam got all high and mighty, scolding him for shit like getting limbs broken, using the grenade launcher for stealth missions, and stuff like that.
After they were laying on the bed, panting and sticky. Dean rolled his head to the side to see Cas’ blue eyes already staring at him. It was a thing the guy did, the staring like Dean was the only thing in the universe.
Emma took a breath and turned to Sam instead of the Principal. “I was swinging on the swings with Tommy when Axel told me that my dad shouldn’t have married my papa and they were going to hell. So I jumped off the swing and told him to go away or I was going to hit him. Then he pushed me and called me a freak so I punched him. Then he tried to hit me but he missed and I hit him again. Then-“
They more or less barged into Bobby’s house. Thankfully, Cas explained the situation after Emma was ushered to go play outside. Dean didn’t think he could manage to say those words again.
“It can wait till tomorrow, please.” Dean pulled out the big guns and popped his kiss swollen lip out in a pout and looked at Cas through his eyelashes.
“That’s alright.” Cas was only vaguely aware of the words leaving his mouth. This guy was gorgeous. Green eyes, sandy hair, tall, bow legs, fit, he was basically Cas’ wet dream come to life.
With huffs and grumbles the mother and son left the office. Emma was still ridged next to him. Sam was just hoping she didn’t have a panic attack, and leaving the office would help calm her. “May we go too?” He hated how much like a little kid he felt.
“You know I’m not, ass.” Dean lifted his head up so he could kiss Cas. “But I don’t need another lecture on safe sex, making good choices, or anything else.”
“You’re ins-“ the rest of whatever Cas was going to say was lost to a gasp as Dean bit down lightly at the base of his neck.
“That you were sick.” Sam stood and went to the kitchen to put away the groceries. “He didn’t even get around to actually telling me what the job was for fifteen minutes, he was worried about you.”
Silence passed. The impala ate up the road. The Midwestern countryside flew past the windows. Eery shadows were casted by the moon. Dean glanced behind him at Cas. Moonlight framed his face in a pale glow. He looked beautiful and peaceful.
The sound of clicking heels came from the doorway. “I would be more worried about yourself, Castiel.”
“I can’t do it.” Castiel grit out. “And the only reason you do well in school is because you’re an overachieving show off with anxiety and abandonment issues.”
Dean took the phone off speaker and went to hang up. “Dean.” Castiel’s voice came through making Dean stop. “I’m pleased you both have decided to work with me, but you will learn some respect or this will not be a pleasant relationship for you.”
But nothing. Because Cas is kissing him and those lips were just as soft as Dean had imagined. Cas’ hand is on Dean’s knee and his lips are on Dean’s and it’s perfect.
His shit eating grin stayed in place as he strutted down the office hallways. Dean even threw Meg a wink and told her to go get a coffee or something before he slinked into Cas’ office. He didn’t miss Meg’s knowing grin as she gratefully pushed away from her desk.
Shit, Castiel wanted to kiss him. Dean was close. Their breath was fogging up between them. Castiel leaned in and Dean’s eyes were fluttering.
They end up back in bed, curled up together on top of the covers. Dean’s face was burrowed into the crook of Cas’ neck. Their legs were tangled together. Cas’ arm was thrown over Dean’s waist and his fingers were drawing little shapes into inch of skin exposed at Dean’s hip.
A few minutes pass in relative silence with the exception of Dean’s cursing. He really hated getting shot.
“Hey, there’s always something to talk about with the weather.” Dean defended. “And you know everything about me so…”
“I’ll show me mine if you show me yours.” Dean relished in the way Cas’ eyes widened slightly in surprise and interest.
So when Cas goes to leave for a hunt on his own, Dean realized how weird it was not having his boyfriend home. There were considerably less clothes in his dresser and the house was considerably cooler.
“Okay.” Cas leaned in and kissed him softly. Honestly it’s the softest thing Dean had ever experienced from anyone. “I’ll do this, and you’ll go talk to Walker. But if this takes longer than two hours we’re putting it off to tomorrow.”
Listening to his boyfriend’s pleas he began thrusting. It took an effort for Castiel not to  tip over the edge. Dean babbled and shook underneath him. It had to be the hottest thing Castiel had ever seen.
There was a lake with a dock jutting out into the water. Further in land was a small cabin. A garden was planted just to the side of it.
Castiel smoked another cigarette sitting in his car. He was technically early, a habit he had gotten in whenever meeting Dean, so he had time for one more cigarette.
Dean shuffled his hips, trying to get his hard on to go away. Cas groaned. Dean tilted his head back to see Cas’ eyes still closed but he was clearly awake. Dean smirked and let his hand wander down to Cas’ crotch. He began to palm his boyfriend’s erection earning breathy little moans.
The sun warmed them and Dean couldn’t help but squeeze Cas’ arm. His fiancé squeezed back. Caroline gave him a high five as he passed. It was all perfect. But it all fell away when they made it over to Ash and Dean looked into those blue blue eyes.
“But you knew that.” Dean asked before dropping his voice an octave to mimic Cas’ gravelly rumble. “You know everything about everyone.”
“The Yellow Eyed Demon, my visions.” Sam downed his…somethingth shot. “Are you going to keep hunting?”
“I told you I was going to take my time with you.” Cas mumbled as he reached for the bedside table where a bottle of lube sat proudly next to a condom.
“Someday you’ll know how amazing you are, Dean Winchester.” Cas said in that sincere way that made Dean blush, it didn’t fail now either. “I hope to see it.”
Cas gently took off Dean’s glasses and set them on the bedside table. They had learned the lenses tended to get in the way during heavy make out sessions. Things were blurry too close to his face and too long without them gave Dean a headache, but it was better than having to worry about them breaking. Cas trailed hands from Dean’s hips up his shirt to his nipples. He tugged at the sensitive buds lightly, and Dean couldn’t help but mewl.
Dean couldn’t help the blush that painted his cheeks. It made Cas grin wider, so he figured it was worth it.
“Cas-“ Dean didn’t finish his sentence. He had never been good at words. Instead he grabbed the angel by his coat and tugged him into a kiss.
Finally, as if inspired by the profanity, the car gurgled to life. Castiel sighed in relief, the last thing he wanted to do was leave his broken car here. Knowing Dean, he would probably fix the damn thing just out of spite. Besides, Castiel was so incredibly close to having enough money for a new car, he didn’t want to pay Dean back for increasing the life on his shit car.
“So will you come back and take the test, please?” Dean’s puppy dog eyes were on full blast. “We only have a month left of school, then we have all summer together before our last year of high school. Then you never have to do school again if you don’t want to.”
“Your bedroom floor.” Dean smirked. He didn’t have to look over at Sam to know his brother was giving him the “I’m so Jealous of my Amazing Brother who has Better Game than I do” bitch face.
“Yeah, kid.” Dean smiled and dropped Cas’ hand as Jack hugged him. “It was my time I guess, I’m okay with that.”
So they watched “Lilo and Stitch”. Emma curled up against the arm of the couch with a fluffy blanket. Sam sat on the other end, his long legs stretched out on the coffee table. A bowl of buttered popcorn sat between them. They both tried their hand at throwing popcorn into the air and catching it in their mouths. Both ended up failing miserably and having to pick up their mess.
The impala roared underneath them on the road home. Sam sat in the passenger seat next to him, and Cas was sleeping in the back. The adrenaline had left his boyfriend’s body tuckered out. Dean was fine with a sleeping Cas because it gave him and Sam some space. There was somethings Dean wanted to ask and get straightened out. It was just taking him a while to get there.
“I won’t be heading back to the office tonight.” Cas continued. “And I won’t be having you die due to your own stubbornness.”
He was on his way to the books store. Who else would be walking towards him but Dean Winchester. Cas tried his best to duck his head and not draw attention to himself, but Dean noticed him anyway.
Sam stifled a sigh while Emma marched in front of him towards the principal’s office. Her chin had unstuck itself from her chest and her head was held high. Sam couldn’t help but to be proud of his niece for keeping her pride. She had the bravery to not flinch underneath a judgmental helicopter mother’s glare. The only thought that dictated the forefront of Sam’s mind was who the hell named their kid after a car part?
They finish the vampires, both breathing hard in the silence of the warehouse. The guy was actually really handsome, like really handsome. Then the handsome man opened his mouth. “So are you going to thank me for saving your life?”
“‘Kay.” Emma said, this time more so mouthing the words than actually saying them, then she disappeared up stairs.
Cas kicked the man away before getting to his feet and brushing himself off. How he didn’t get one mark on his white dress shirt apart from a single drop of blood on his collar was a mystery. His blue eyes looked wild, feral, and it sent a rush of lust and adrenaline through Dean.
Cas had other plans because as soon as he opened the door he was tugging Dean into the room to pin him up against the wall before kissing the life out of him. Dean dropped the food bag and buried his hands in dark locks.
“I understand why you wanted to sacrifice me to stop Chuck. Sam and Cas were in danger and you had nothing left to put in front of them. You can’t be blamed for that, Chuck was controlling you. Even in the end you chose to not kill me anyway. You broke Chucks control and that isn’t easy.” Dean snorted. Like he deserved a goddamn metal for not killing a kid. Jack pushed on anyway. “When I was first born I know you were angry, Castiel died and you were mourning him. I know you still cared about me. You allowed me to stay in the bunker and you always got me the sugary cereal that Sam wouldn’t. You gave me my favorite memories, taking me fishing, driving. Dean, you were just as good of a father as Castiel and Sam.”
“Make me feel like you’re leaving me?” Sam supplied, filling in the gaps, like he did. “Maybe bring back Stanford memories?”
A shudder runs through Dean’s body as his throbbing erection was exposed to the room temperature. He couldn’t help but be proud of himself because a month ago he would have came already.
Dean put Baby into park and for the first time since the beginning of their date, he felt unsure. His fingers tapped nervously and he coughed before scratching his neck.
Emma poked at her food. She ate her chicken and had only her potato left on her plate. “It’s orange, potatoes aren’t supposed to be orange.”
They dressed in relative silence. There was some giggling and poking with some kissing but Dean did manage to drop Castiel off and get himself home in time before his curfew. That night Castiel fell asleep smiling and dreaming about sparkly lights and bright green eyes. Prom wasn’t so stupid after all.
“Let’s get home.” Dean said as Cas opened the door to the black SUV with tinted windows and they all crawled inside. “My memory foam is calling my name.”
“Have fun, Sammy.” Dean told his brother cheekily. “Don’t forget protection, Emma doesn’t need a cousin just yet.”
They sat and finished their food. Then Jo came out with Dean’s usual slice of pie, only she brought two and told him sternly not to eat both. The pie was delicious as always, but Dean almost enjoyed watching Cas’ face light up at the flavors more than  eating it. Almost.
“I stopped doing it then, couldn’t bring myself to. I swore of sex and anything like it for awhile until I got over it. It wasn’t until five or so years later I was able to suck a guy’s dick, and that I did for the sole pleasure of.” Dean actually smiled a little at his memory of his time with Lee. He had been really sweet and understanding even when Dean had just wanted to shove down his hang ups and power through.
“Yes, I am aware.” Dean could practically see Cas rolling his blue blue eyes. “I am only in need of your services tonight.”
“Good, I’ve got another episode to watch before I’m caught up.” Sam pressed play on the remote and turned back to the tv.
“Yeah, he was working for Crowley to kill you so Crowley could get his sleazy hands on our territory and resources.”
“That’s not- you know what? I’m not falling for it.” Sam’s disgust turned into a bitch face. “I gave you my reason, now it’s your turn.”
“It’s not very profesional.” Cas more so groaned than anything else. “And I would say that I wouldn’t want to put a target on your back- getting close to me, but you seem to have no problem getting into trouble all on your own.”
“No, Dean, I understand.” Cas put his hands on Dean’s hips. His blue eyes held nothing but kindness and understanding. “You and your brother have been through more than most people. I understand that you are close and would want to discuss moving out with him before making a decision.”
Cas didn’t take too long to prep Dean. It also didn’t take as long to prep him due to his earlier activities. Soon, but not soon enough because Cas was a sadist, fingers were replaced by a thick cock. Cas slammed into Dean in one fluid motion, making Dean cry out.
“Shh, it’s okay now.” Cas hugged him close for a moment. “I love you, and I’ll see you again in a few hours.”
Instead of thinking anymore. Cas pulls out the box and drops down to one knee. Dean gasps but Cas refuses to be distracted.
Even if this ended badly, which is wouldn’t, at least he got to see the bad ass Castiel Novak flustered. It was a sight that never got old.
“Dad,” Emma started after a few beats of silence. Dean lost in his own head, snapped back with a hum of acknowledgment. “Uncle Sammy is in trouble isn’t he.”
They sat down and dug into the pizza. It was perfectly too greasy and reminded Dean of cramped motel rooms sharing a last minutes dinner with Dad and Sam. Cas dabbed at the excess grease with a paper towel before digging in. What a dork.
Another fist came at him and Dean had sense enough to duck. Then a fight raged on. There were four men, all with necks the size of Dean’s thighs and heads like eggs. Honestly, it was almost comedic how ridiculously stereotypical they were.
“Hey, easy there Lord Montague.” Dean jumped in. He pushed Sam away so he could look his brother in the eye. “Yeah I’ve been hurt a bit more than usual these past few weeks, but now that Duma is taken care of and we finish weeding out the rest of her minions things should go back to normal. I’ll bet you the impala those guys that jumped us a few weeks ago were working for her.”
Sadly, it was just his brother in his pajamas watching Game of Thrones in the living room. Sam looked over as Dean entered the room before turning back to the show.
Cas rolled to the side of Dean with a grunt.  Dean smiled and tucked himself into the mob boss’ side. He felt Cas’ head rest on top of Dean’s own head and his arms around Dean’s torso.
“Yes.” Cas kissed him once. It was one of his boyfriend’s soft kisses that made Dean feel like a piece of glass, in a good way, somehow, if that made sense. “Now, how about we go upstairs and I thank you for the Winchester Surprise with a surprise of my own?”
“Really?” Dean had been alone for two years before he got Sam. Sam had been  gone for a while and his Dad decided they would make more money, get closer to finding Mom’s murderers, if they split up. Dean quickly found he hated being alone.
“No.” Dean pushed Castiel away. “I’m not in the mood, you’re being a dick. Let’s work on the problem.”
“Excellent, if you won’t mind signing the papers. You can mail it to the address following the phone number. I will call you within a week for you to receive your first assignment. Until then I suggest you find a house or apartment of some sort.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, I don’t know everything about you.” Cas rolled his eyes and reached for another piece of pizza.
Was it just Dean or did Cas’ gaze look even icier and his jaw clenched. He couldn’t possibly be jealous of Dean’s past conquests. Could he? Was the bad ass mobster jealous? Dean held back a shiver at the thought of possessive Cas. He quickly shoved the thought aside. It was a question for another time.
Later they found themselves alone outside because Dean had complained about the heat inside. Their breath fogged up in the January air, both smelt of alcohol.
“Yeah, yeah I guess.” Dean wished he could give Cas a ride, hold his hand on the way home maybe, but they had two vehicles parked outside a place that was going to be a crime scene by morning.
“Dad!” Emma cheered and ran over to her dad to give him a hug. Sam’s hug was followed not too long after.
Before he could comment, the doorbell rang and Dean answered it and paid for the pizza along with a generous tip to the pimpled faced delivery boy. He went into the kitchen and took the pizza from the box and placed it on a large serving tray. Then he set the serving tray on the fancy table in the separate dining room.
“Okay, we’re going to my room I guess.” And with that Castiel was off the Dean fucking Winchester’s bedroom.
Well what if he changed his mind while you’re wading through your shit and decides he doesn’t want to move in together? What if he wants to break up?
Caroline snorted next to them. They gather their food, each carrying two plates, and went back over to where Sam was still reading. Dean kicked at his brother’s ridiculously long legs and handed him one of the plates of food before plopping down on the blanket.
Cas seemed to be fumbling, clearly unsure what to do. Dean lit some candles sitting on the table. Then he  poured two glasses of wine, and set one on each side of the table. Then he gave Cas a soft smile and pulled the chair out, ushering him to sit, because, fuck it, Dean could be a damn gentleman.
Dean ducked his head into Cas’ shoulder, unable to hold that intense gaze any longer. Cas let him and carded his fingers through Dean’s sweat slick hair.
He carefully walked up to the front door. Should be knock or ring the door bell? Fuck, why the hell did it matter? Castiel opted for the doorbell, believing he had a better chance of it being heard.
Finally they were both naked and Dean’s bowed legs laid sprawled open for him, just for him. Castiel kissed Dean softly.
They went down stairs and Sam preheated the oven  before sliding the pizza on to a cookie sheet and into the oven. Sam reached for something to say. He felt like he should give some…words of wisdom as cheesy as it sounded. He searched around in his brain for something. Emma was still sulking, she had a dark cloud around her still. She still seemed as if she was physically stewing inside her own head.
It really wasn’t natural. It was totally and completely unnatural. At least that was what any typical person would say. Stereotypes were a powerful thing, especially in the shit show that was high school. Castiel had never been one to really pay attention to them. Labeled as a punk and a bad boy it was kind of in the job description.
They were close. Dean had been hyper aware of how close Cas had been the entire time, but now when Cas had stopped moving it felt so much closer. Gun powder and some expensive cologne filled Dean’s senses. How did Cas not smell like sweat and blood as Dean most likely did?
“Hey,” Sam said as an idea struck him. “How about if you don’t get into anymore fights for the rest of the school year, that’s three months, you and me will go to the bookstore and you can have any three books you want?”
“Just Mary is fine.” Mary waved off and returned to her pot. “I don’t think this should be this color.”
“I believe so, yes.” Cas’ eyes found Dean and a frown tugged on those soft lips. “Sam, I want a report on Lilith tomorrow at three.”
“What about being a lawyer? You don’t have to go to Stanford. You could go to Harvard or something.”
Dean will admit he jumped, come on it was fucking creepy, but he definitely didn’t yelp. “Fuck, Sam. What the hell is wrong with you?”
Soon the sound of Cas cursing and clattering pans from the kitchen turned out to be the only sound in the house. Dean put his gun back in his waistband and smirked as he took in the state of the fancy kitchen.
Finally, wanting to move on even though he was very much enjoying their current activities, Dean grabbed at the hem of Cas’ shirt. He pulled it up and Cas got the message and slipped out of it. Dean was soon to follow with his own shirt.
Both breathing heavy, Cas pulled out of him. Dean didn’t move. He stayed there for a moment, gasping with his ass in the air. After a moment he found the strength in his legs to stand. He faced Cas and gave him a filthy kiss with lots of gasping and tongue. Cas gripped Dean’s hips softly and slowly their kiss became sweet.
Castiel watched from across the parking lot as Dean walked towards the impala. He was sucking down his third cigarette as he waited for the nerd to see his surprise.
With a smirk, Dean sank down to his knees and began mouthing at Cas’ crotch through his dress pants. He heard Cas’ breath catch above him but other than that he kept his stony composure, for a little while at least. Emboldened, Dean unbuttoned the pants and slowly pulled down the zipper. He tucked the waistband of Cas’ underwear out of the way.
Stupid mistake because Dean reeled his head back before crashing their skulls together. Now, Dean was seasoned enough to know that no one won in a headbutt, it was just a fact, but beggars couldn’t be choosers.  So as quickly as he could, Dean came to his senses and used Smelly’s weight to launch him head first into the car door. Then, a well practiced movement, Dean twisted the man’s neck until it cracked and Smelly fell limp to the gravel parking lot.
“Yes, Dean, like pot.” Dean didn’t need to see Cas’ eyes to know they were practically rolling across the country. “My wings are my favorite. I’m named after an angel, it seemed fitting.”
“We aren’t stopping.” Dean met Cas’ icy glare. “I’ll drop you off at your office then head home and patch up.” Dean reached for his flannel and pressed it against his shoulder. He tried to hide his wince, but Cas’ eye roll told him he failed.
So Dean was sprawled out on the couch, channel surfing. He had cooked lunch and made a large supper that was keeping warm in the oven until it was time for dinner, hours away. Baby had been washed. The weapons had been cleaned. The laundry had been folded and put away. He had jerked off twice today to some decent porn, but he couldn’t help but long for Cas’ thick cock in him, or Cas’ warm hands on his body.
“Come over, like to your house?” Dean had never been to Cas’ house. He had picked him up for dates but never inside. Ms. Novak was a homophobic bigot Cas didn’t want Dean to meet.
He couldn’t wait to tell Meg and Balthazar. Castiel got into his car and started it. He flickered through the radio stations, looking for something to match his mood-
“Hey, if we’re done feeling out feelings can we get the hell out of here.” Bobby gruffed. “Get Sam to a hospital.”
“I know.” Cas kissed Dean’s cheek. “But we should be proactive, so we can try to avoid it better in the future, or at least be more aware of it.”
“Not possible.” Sam was quiet for a while. His eyes were shut, but Dean knew his brother was awake. “It’s going to be weird for a while. When I went to Stanford it was so weird. I had a roommate but…it wasn’t you, you know? It’s so weird, I’m twenty eight and I’ve never lived by myself.”
Dean tucked his face into the crook of Cas’ neck while strong, tattooed arms wove around him and hugged him tightly. Those blue eyes were already fluttering close as Dean adjusted the blankets to cover them.
“Let me talk to Sam first.” Fuck, Dean hadn’t quite meant to say that. He had no idea where that came from. “Shit, that sounded like I needed to ask my mommy for permission.”
“Uh, you’re everything to me. Since we’ve met you’ve done nothing but been kind to me and believed in me. You’ve always been there for me, these last two years especially. You’ve put up with all my crazy Winchester luck and everything with my dad and with Sam. You’ve taken care of my daughter and loved her as your own. You’ve changed me, Cas , you’ve made me see the good in people and the world.”
Dean licked his lips. His chest was heaving, both their chests were heaving. Dark hickeys from Dean’s mouth made a trail of Cas’ neck. His lips were swollen and spit slicked. His dark sex hair was more messed up than usual.
When the words “I do” fell from his lips, the world didn’t implode, the other shoe didn’t drop. Cas just kissed him and their family cheered.
“Yep.” Dean took a swig of his mini bottled water. Really, they couldn’t afford the full sized water bottles?
“I don’t know, Dean. He seemed pretty concerned.” Sam was wearing a smirk as he came back into the living room with a warmed bowl of soup.
Cas tore his eyes away from where he was staring at an ancient scratch on Baby’s dashboard. “I had a nice time tonight with you, Dean.”
“Come on, Novak.” Dean took Cas’ hand and he let himself be led to the next door neighbors’ backyard. “They’re out of town, don’t worry.”
The next morning they were getting dressed, Dean deliciously slightly sore. He began packing afterwards.
It was the day before midterms and Castiel was really hoping he could work up the balls to ask Dean out before he lost his excuse. He was most certainly not failing physics anymore. Not that he was to begin with but his grade had risen to a A-. His other grades had risen too because sometimes Dean would break out some of Castiel’s other homework or study for other tests if they still had time.
Almost simultaneously they both came. Dean shot his load deep within Cas, his boyfriend clenched around him as he shot stripes of cum across both of their chests.
One of them -maybe Wally- was passed out on the couch, hand over his crotch and a beer bottle in the other band. Dean slit his throat no problem while Sam went upstairs. Dean crept into the kitchen to find nothing but a complex looking meth lab and a pair of panties.
Cas chuckled lightly and Dean soaked up the sound like a sponge. He watched the blue eyed man bring the beer to his lips. Greedily he glanced at Cas’ Adam’s apple bob. Further down a trace of ink peaked out from his shirt collar.
“Hey, slow down.” Dean grabbed Cas’ elbow. Reluctantly Cas stopped. He refused to look at those green eyes. “Talk to me.”
The doors slid close on Crowley’s livid face. Dean felt like he could finally breath. He released a breath. Then he began tapping his fingers in a nervous tune on his pant leg. The silence in elevator was heavy.
Cas cut Dad a glare but stepped to Dean’s side instead. The sleeve of his trench coat brushed against Dean’s arm.
“‘Love you, too.” Emma pulled away too quickly and gave Cas and Sam hugs as well before climbing into the back of the mini van.
They stood in the kitchen hugging for a long minute. Then a thump came from the bathroom upstairs followed by a colorful string of curses from Sam.
“Oh, you two finally got together.” Mom beamed from where she stood a few steps away from Dad’s side.
Dean froze. Yeah, Bobby had mentioned Dad was just up the road with mom but then Cas had shown up and he hadn’t had a chance to process. Honestly he was hoping heaven was big enough he could avoid his father for the most part.
He looked around the kitchen. He had cooked in it many times over the last year, but tonight would be his first time cooking in the kitchen that was his. It…it was different.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean smiled as the other hunter took a seat next to him. “Speaking of, how did you know my name anyway, back at the warehouse?”
“Why did you bring me here, Cas?” Dean let the question fall from his tongue. “You knew Crowley and I had a…a history.”
Families were meant to grow and change. Who knew, maybe Dean would be getting a sister-in-law in the future, if his brother stopped being a damn prude.  Families weren’t a one size fits all, nor where they things to be kept behind glass cases. They were dirty, bloody, and loving. They were-
Cas rolled his window down a crack and Dean was surprised to find he didn’t mind. The soft sound of Dean’s mix tape and wind was all there was in the impala other than Cas’ occasional directions.
It was nice. The domestic shit. Of course Dean loved being all badass and terrifying with his badass and terrifying boyfriend, but this was nice too. Cas wearing only jeans and a t-shirt with thick socks certainly helped. His tattoos swirled around his arms and peaked over the collar of his shirt. Dean didn’t mean to objectify his boyfriend, but sometimes he couldn’t help it.
“If I tell you we had sex the whole time will you leave it alone?” Dean asked as he reached his room. Sadly Sam pranced into his room before he could slam the door in his younger sibling’s face. Typical.
Dean didn’t respond, instead he groaned as Cas’ big hands dragged back down his torso before teasing the waistline of his jeans. Watching with intensity, Dean didn’t care that his face was on fire. Cas licked and nibbled at Dean’s waistline before undoing his jeans. A soft tap to his hip was Dean’s cue to lift his hips and Cas pulled down his jeans and boxers. His boyfriend stood up to pull his own down to expose his own raging hard on.
Castiel ignored the pit in his heart as he drove home. The memory of the hurt and confusion in Dean’s eyes made him want to go back and make up, but his pride and foul mood wouldn’t let him. Castiel drove off down the street, eyes burning and gut churning.
Cold water shocked Cas’ system. He surfaced, spluttering. Dean was smiling next to him. Then Cas wasn’t so cold.
Dean decided to make tomato rice soup. It was the closest thing to comfort food the brothers had had growing up apart from greasy diner food. It wasn’t like Dad made it, hell no, Dean figured out how to make it from magazine clippings and good old trial and error.
“Dean,” Cas’ hand found Dean’s on the bed. “Thank you for telling me. I understand why you kept it from me. I know you’re a wonderful father. And I really like you too.”
Not long after Sam had gone to bed there was a hesitant knocking on his door. Sam, half asleep, made an affirming grunting sound. Emma opened the door a crack and stood awkwardly in the doorway. She seemed smaller again. Sam, like Dean used to do for him sometimes, lifted the blankets wordlessly. He was grateful for the actual bed they had put together for him. The office was now and actual bedroom, it wasn’t like Sam was going to complain about the books so most of it was just moved around to be more functional, so the bed Emma scampered into was a real one and not an air mattress.
“Let’s see what we can do.” Dean made a show of snapping on rubber gloves and pushing up his glasses.
“Shh.” Cas kissed Dean sweetly and softly. “I’ll take care of you. I’ve got you.” Cas reached for the lube in the drawer. “If you cum, you can always cum again.”
“Hey Sammy, go get something to eat.” Dean nudged his brother’s feet where they were resting on his hospital bed.
“Oh shit.” Dean wasn’t sure if it was the story or the fact he just found out the hot man was into guys.
Sam had been assisting them earlier but he had to go to soccer so Dean promised they would finish. Cas wasn’t complaining, not when Dean would stretch up to reveal a perfect stripe of stomach.
Sam was hot on his heels like the over eager puppy he was. “Come on, Dean. What’d you do? Where’d you go?”
Dean did not remember owning so much shit. He had lived out most of his life with all of his belongings more or less in a single duffel bag, so he didn’t think packing up his stuff would take so long, or take so many boxes.
Dean was getting ahead of himself. He shook his head and refocused on washing the dishes. The warm water was just the right side of too warm and was stinging his hands in the best way as he slid a sponge over the dishes. His arm brushed against Cas’ every once in a while. One would think after a year of dating it would take more than arms brushing to kickstart Dean’s heart. It didn’t. It was pathetic. Dean was pathetically in love, so what? Bite him.
“I know, De.” Sam rested his arm on Dean’s chest, his hand pressing over his heart to feel it beat through his t-shirt. “This isn’t like that. You’re moving less than twenty minutes away with a guy who loves you.”
“You have no idea.” Dean smiled fondly, but pulled himself back before he could lost inside his own head. “Now, do I have to do the airplane thing like with Sammy, or are you going to be a big boy?”
“I’m sorry I killed you.” Jack’s smile broke away. Dean reached over and squeezed the kid’s shoulder.
“You’re loose.” Cas observed. “Did you already get off today, Dean? Did you finger yourself at home, alone, imagining it was me, or did you fuck yourself on a toy that isn’t quite as big as I am, that wasn’t quite as satisfying as I am?
A soft knock on the door startled Dean from his thoughts. The door cracked open and Sam was there. His shoulders were hunched into his pajama shirt. He looked all of six years old again.
His toe hit a crack in the concrete floor. Apparently the skid of his shoes when he tripped was enough to wake up an entire nest of sleeping vampires. And it was no small nest.
With one extra push to Dean’s prostate, Cas pulled out. Dean whined at the awful feeling at being empty. Looking up at Cas with half lidded eyes, he saw that his boyfriend was flushed down to his chest. He looked better between Dean’s legs then Dean’s mind had ever conquered up.
“Is a bitch and out of the picture.” Dean explained the situation. How he got Emma from her mom in a diner in New Mexico almost a year ago. Cas was quiet through the entire story. “I just thought you should know before… I really like you and before things get any…deeper I figured I should be honest.”
“It’s fine. You have a nice family.” Castiel was pleased when Dean’s face darkened into a deep blush. His glasses made his eyes sparkle in the moonlight.
“As long as you do as well.” Cas placed a kiss to Dean’s tattoo before biting just above Dean’s nipple.
He was ten paces away when he chickened out and went to turn around. Meg and Balthazar glared at him from their position on the other end of the hallway. Castiel glared back, rolled his eyes, prayed to a God he long stopped believing in for a cigarette, and walked up to Dean.
It turned out the local PD was so excited about having some murder suspects in their jail that they weren’t interested in a bribe. Dean couldn’t believe it when Hannah told them, it wasn’t like the officers made that much. Apparently they had morals or some shit. What it meant for the Winchesters was they got moved out of the holding cell and into an actual prison. Awesome.
Castiel thrusted his hips and stroked his nerdy boyfriend’s dick. Occasionally he’d move a hand up to tease the perky nipples. Dean’s mewling and whines made Castiel want to bottle up all his sounds and keep them in his pocket. Dean’s own hands stayed in their death lock grip on to Castiel’s shoulders.
Dean put Baby into drive and went to leave the parking lot before a thought occurred to him. “Uh, where am I dropping you off?”
His eyes finally landed on his boyfriend and he couldn’t help laugh. Cas was standing in the epicenter of it all. He was wearing an old shirt covered in paint and pair of boxers. A towel that’s original color was up for debate was wrapped around his shoulders. His dark hair was half covered in pink and sticking up in some places while plastered down in others. What really made it funny was the “I Will Smite You” look in those blue eyes.
Cas stared at Dean, mouth working like he wasn’t sure what to say. Wow, twice in the last twenty four hours Dean had left the mob boss speechless. He was rather proud of himself. At least he would be if he didn’t hate standing there waiting for Cas to tell him that last night wasn’t a one night thing.
“Come on, Cas. You can’t bench me.” The icy look told Dean the mob boss could and would. Dean decided he would fight this battle another day, maybe when he wasn’t laying practically naked in a hospital room with heavy pain killers in his system.
Maybe this wouldn’t work. Maybe Cas would realized, if he hadn’t already, that Dean wasn’t as smart as he thought. Maybe he would find Dean’s quirks annoying or his habits unbearable. Maybe he would simply realize Dean wasn’t worth his time outside of work. Maybe-
A glance over his shoulder gave him a view of Cas moving like a cat. His moments were as quick and fluid as water-
Three days later Sam was sitting in the break room doing some numbers for inventory. Dean had a sort of desk set up in the corner for their work. It was great unless you were trying to do something during lunch, then it was too loud and crazy with all the workers in there.
Dean was about to snap when a gun shot rang out. Dean flinched. Crowley yelped and jumped back two feet away from Dean. They both looked to Cas who was replacing his gun. His eyes held a sort of fire in them that made Dean’s throat dry.
“Okay.” Dean nodded, scratching at the back of his neck. “Okay. I’m going to move in with Cas.” Dean bit his lip and smiled. “I’m going to move in with Cas.”
“The guy’s got a stick shoved so far up his ass it’s practically shooting out his mouth.”  Dean sipped at his soup.
“Hmm, I enjoy watching you work.” Cas walked up to Dean, blue eyes roaming over his naked top half, and pulled him close. Cas very clearing had a budding erection. “It’s beautiful.”
“Oh, there’s Billy and Tommy.” Addie suddenly said and stood before taking off back towards the playground where a little boy with floppy blond curls just arrived.
“Do you feel safe, Dean?” Cas asked him, those blue eyes melted if only a little. “Do you feel safe with him up here?”
Cas raised his own eyebrow, unimpressed with Dean’s logic, it made the hit man shiver at the sol brow all the same. “Your favorite color.”
“I guess if you are going to act like a…what were your words?” Cas tugged at Dean’s hair roughly, making his head pull back. “Oh yes, a common whore. Then I’m going to have to treat you like one.”
“Cas, stand down okay.” Dean put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “I can’t do this if you’re on attack mode.”
Cas usually hated parties. They were too loud, someone always bumped into him so he spilt his drink, and it ended with him walking home because whoever gave him a ride was either too drunk, too high, or missing completely. The only reason Cas was at this party was it was his best friend’s, Gabe’s. Gabe had promised to give him a ride to the new bee exhibit with him.
That was how Castiel found himself parked on the curb in front of Dean’s house. It was a yellow split level house with a white porch on the front with a swing. It was clearly an older home, not like the mansion Naomi owned and graciously allowed her kids to live in.
“Did you just-“ Dean stammered. Cas could see his beautiful smile from the corner of his eye. “Two can play at that game.”
Dean sighed. Did he really want to talk this over with Sam? Well, he would eventually, so he may as well do so when Sam was initiating it.
“Okay, so hurting someone who hurt me made me feel good for a little bit, but eventually I went back to feeling hurt. On top of that the person who hurt me had some things going on on their life that made them hurt. That doesn’t give them an excuse, but…” Where had Sam been going with this? “What I’m trying to say is I know how it is to be angry like that, but fighting isn’t going to help, it’ll just make you hurt longer.”
“He also told me to tell you that he and Cas love you.” Emma’s lower lip quivered. “Hey, look at me.” Watery green eyes found his. “There is nothing you could do to make your dad, your papa, me, grandpa Bobby, or Ms. Matthews ever stop loving you, alright?”
“Then I suggest you develop a genetic mutation.” Cas snipped. “Tell Sam not to worry and you’ll be out as soon as possible.”
“Don’t you ever do that again.” Cas hissed sternly but Dean knew Cas was just as choked up as Dean was.
“He-“ Dean swallowed harshly and rubbed a hand down his face. “Sam, I took my eyes off of him for one second and some- someone took him.”
“Sometimes Sam drives me up the wall.” Dean shrugged and winced as the movement pulled at his wound. Seriously, he had to stop doing that. “And this place as got it all: burgers, booze, chicks, and dudes.”
Gordon screamed. After a moment’s thought Dean took off his green Henley and placed it on a chair in the corner of the room. That shirt had taken him over an hour to pick out, he wasn’t going to get blood on it. Thankfully the jeans he had picked were dark wash.
They kissed again for a bit longer. Eventually Dean pulled away, just a bit. He rested their foreheads together. Those blue blue eyes stared into his own. Love and a thousand promises flowed from those eyes and it made Dean tear up again.
They were doing Castiel’s math homework in Dean’s room. Normally Castiel didn’t mind when Dean helped him. Today though, it was pissing him off. On second thought, everything was kissing him off today, from the kid next to him in English class tapping his feet to the school serving corn dogs two days in a row.
Dark hair and blue eyes peaked around the corner before he fully entered the kitchen and dropped his bag at his feet.
“I can’t get the back half of my head.” Cas gestured to where his hair was still mostly dark brown. “And can you try to even it out?”
Yeah an agreement that made Crowley look like an ass so his weapons supplier would come join the Angels instead. It also shoved Crowley off the line of properties he had been eyeing. So, really the only Crowley gained was a semi hostile conversation and a trade agreement.
“Various things.” Something dark came to Cas’ eyes and it made Dean’s heart beat quicken. “Some quotes from books and poetry, flowers, sigils. I’ll show you sometime.”
Bobby had told him that whoever was making Dean smile like he won the lotto had better not hurt him. Then it hit Dean  on a random weekday night while having dinner with Bobby and Emma as they usually did. He really liked where this was going with Cas, but before things got any further Dean had to be straight with him. So Dean texted Cas to see if he was near South Dakota and if they could meet up-he had yet to tell Cas exactly where he lived.
In a fluid motion, Cas rolled on top of Dean. The mob boss’ body weight was pinning Dean down in a delicious sort of way. His boyfriend made quick work of Dean’s shirt and began assaulting his neck and chest with his tongue, teeth, and lips.
That was how Dean found himself knocking on Cas’ motel room door with a bag of takeout. He was going to just go out and say it. There would be no beating around the bush. Either Cas would accept it or they’d be over. Rip it off clean, like a bandaid. That was the plan anyway.
Dean checked his watch for the fiftieth time in the last ten minutes. He sighed before tapping his fingers against the Impala’s steering wheel restlessly. Slamming his head against the headrest, he swore. The time Cas and him and set for their date had passed and all of Dean’s insecurities were leaking out of the box he tried to keep them locked in.
“Okay.” Emma nodded, her head leaned into Dean. He put his arm around his daughter, all too happy to provide her comfort.
A hand fell on to Dean’s head and for a half second he thought Cas was going to pull him off. Instead it gripped Dean’s hair tight and held him in his position, almost choking on Cas’ throbbing erection. The angry Spanish continued above him.
Dean always complained how powerful Sam’s puppy dog eyes were, Castiel had never seen them, but if they were anything like Dean’s Castiel was bond to fold like a cheap lawn chair. Those green eyes, pleading at him through those adorable thick lenses, paired with a slick and plump lips pushed out into a slight pout. Castiel was only human.
Then Dean and Cas were left alone in the house. It was quiet and warm. Safe. Dean leered at his boyfriend. “All alone, what shall we do?”
“I know this is unpleasant, Sam.” A brief flash of guilt crossed her dark eyes. “But you have to understand that the fighting, if it doesn’t stop, can be put on her permanent record or get her expelled.”
“Right, le, let’s get started.” Dean scratched at the back of his neck. “Uh, you can sit at the desk or on the bed if you want.”
He still couldn’t wipe the smile from his face. Maybe the idea of a punk bad boy and a nerd was a little supernatural, but they might just tell them all to fuck off and make it work anyway.
“‘Love you too.” Dean kissed Cas hard. Those lips were like home, soft and chapped as when he had first pressed his own lips to them.
Dean’s eyebrows raised as he eyed the spreadsheet. Everything was neatly organized. If it wasn’t a testimony to how nervous Cas had been, Dean didn’t know what was.
Dean didn’t -couldn’t- answer. He groaned and bucked his hips backward. Holy-ever-loving-shit, Dean could cream himself on Cas’ dirty mouth alone. Speaking of, Cas’ mouth was on Dean’s ear, nipping and sucking at the sensitive skin behind it.
“So, Deano, how’s the shop?” Scott asked and Dean tried his best not to grimace. He liked Scott, but Dean had very little in common with the accountant and the guy tried way too hard to strike up a conversation with him. “Gettin’ busy?”
“I don’t know.” Dean ran a hand down his face. “I mean, I’m over there a lot and I like all the…you know.”
Dean turned his head to look at Cas’ phone. Pinterest was open and there was a picture of a guy with pastel pink hair. He really hoped he didn’t  pop a boner right now, with his junk pressed up against Cas’ stomach. His body decided instead of giving Dean a boner to make him blush instead.
Dean was such a screw up, his brother was missing, his daughter was out playing by herself and not complaining like the perfect kid because he had to spend the next however long looking for his brother. And Dean was just sitting there reading book after book that just-
He stood and was about to take off running but there was no where to go. Surrounding them was over a dozen of armed police officers. Shit fuck.
They pulled into the Winchester’s driveway. Cas got out of the car before it came to a complete stop and rounded the front to open the door for Dean and help him to the house. The entire process Dean grumbled, but in all honesty his head was starting to feel like it could float away from him.
“Hey, what kept you guys?” Caroline asked. “We were starting to think the sleepover was off, and I was going to have to rethink my evening.”
Cas stalked towards Dean like a scary ass predator. Was Dean still breathing? That was a very good question, but not one that would be addressed anytime soon. Because Cas was walking towards Dean and kissing him. Because bare skin was touching bare skin. Because holy fucking shit Dean was going to get fucked by Cas fucking Novak.
Dean allowed himself one extra moment to relish the comfort. Then he sniffed and stood, wiping at his eyes. He avoided Cas’ understanding eyes because he wasn’t sure if he could keep his composure if he looked at them.
Cas hesitated before kissing Dean softly. Then he disappeared out the door. The toaster popped up, startling Dean and breaking the mood. It was charred and inedible, but Dean just smiled and put in another one.
Whether Cas chose to pick up the speed and intensity because Dean asked for it or because he wanted to was a mystery. Either way Dean was nailed at a brutal pace. Words and sounds left his mouth in a stream of babble. Cas was panting, moaning, swearing, and praising behind him. The deep rumble of words enveloped Dean blissfully. His toes curled in his boots and his hands were in a white knuckled grip at the edge of the desk.
Whatever Sam did, he wasn’t going to cut Dean out of his life again. He didn’t know what he wanted, he just knew he wanted to be there to witness and contribute to his brother’s happiness.
“None sense, I don’t care what we do as long as I’m with you.” Cas had the softest smile on that Dean almost couldn’t believe was for him. “How about a movie?”
Cas got on his knees in front of Dean and pulled him into a kiss. The dam broke and tears flowed from Dean’s eyes. He let out an ugly sob paired with a hysterical laugh and wrapped his arms around Cas to pull him close.
“Cas, guess what?” Dean asked teasingly, recovering from his former disappointment. He was going to get so much better than some French kissing, not that making out with the badass mob boss was terrible by an means. Honestly Dean had had full on home runs that hadn’t made him as happy as first base with Cas.
A few days passed. Sam kept giving him looks that said, get a move on, don’t chicken out. In Dean’s defense, it was a delicate situation. He was reading up on articles like “How to Tell Your Kid You’re Getting Married” and “Marriage Proposals for Dummies”.
“No, Billy didn’t want to clean up his room. I told him if he wanted Emma and Addie over he had to clean up his room.” Liz sighed. “I’m just glade I didn’t have to take away the sleep over.”
“Oh.” Emma seemed to be pondering this. “He’s smart though. He helps me with my math, and reading, and he knows all about cars, and hunting, and a lot of other cool stuff.”
Cas hummed in acknowledgment. He contemplated the roller for a moment before an idea struck him. Before he could overthink, he flicked his roller at Dean. He quickly turned back to the wall, pretending to have done nothing.
“Oh, Dean. I think they will be easily persuaded once he’s dead.” Then why was he still alive? Why were either of them still alive? Not that Dean was complaining, it just didn’t seem like a good move. Seemingly reading his mind, Duma continued. “I’m going to get your pledge of loyalty, I anticipate it to be a very bloody and painful experience. Then I’m going to kill Castiel, he will die knowing the person he cares most about in the world turned away from him.”
“Physics!” Castiel blurted out. It worked though because Dean stopped and turned to him. “I’m, uh, failing.”
Something flashed across Cas’ face that Dean barley caught the tail end of. It looked like relief, and boy if that didn’t make Dean want to smirk and tease Cas until he was sweating.
The vehicle pulled out of the parking lot and Cas, Sam, Caroline, and Dean watched it go. Dean found Cas’ hand again and gave a squeeze that was returned. It should get easier, but sometimes it still felt like someone was tearing him apart whenever Emma was out of his sight. Dean inhaled deeply, counted, and released it.
It was actually pretty fun. The gym was hot and it smelt of sweet punch and sweaty bodies, but the music was loud and the lights were flashing. Dean was smiling and laughing the entire night, Castiel decided the best part was just seeing Dean happy.
It had been rough, with long weeks spent away from Dean’s home. Sam had seen his older brother tense and pissy. This lead to snapping at everything that moved. Emma had been the butt end of some of these snaps and had spent more time outside or in her room, avoiding her dad. After a few screaming matches between Dean and Cas, Dean and Sam, and Dean and Bobby, the older Winchester was coming around and moving on from their abusive Dad’s death.
Castiel rolled his eyes before removing both of their shirts. He left a trail of hot kisses down Dean’s chest as he unbuttoned the dress shirt. The rest of the clothing was removed quickly in a blur of limbs, fingers, and moans.
Something in Dean’s voice broke Castiel. He rolled over to look up at his boyfriend. They were still boyfriends, right? They hadn’t technically ever broken up? Either way, Dean didn’t look good. Dark bags were under his eyes and his hair look like he had just rolled out of bed and not the usual finger combed swoop it was usually in.
Sam gave Dean another bitch face, the one that said ‘Don’t be an Idiot, You’re too Handsome for That’, or something to a similar nature. “How long until you believe me when I tell you I’m not leaving?”
Dean was quickly seen to once they arrived. People tended to help you quicker when you were, A: covered in a lot of blood and B: seated next to two people wearing expressions that could make a rabid polar bear roll over and show its belly.
“Last I heard you wouldn’t be bought out.” Crowley continued. “If it’s the money, I can pay handsomely. We did make a delicious team, didn’t we, darling?”
“Right.” The man raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “Well if this is “your case” then you can do clean up.” Actual finger quotes, what the hell?
As it ended they offered Charlie to help clean up. The red head had dismissed them, saying she was hoping to make out with Stevie after everyone had left. She might just get lucky after all.
“Dean Winchester, you listen to me.” Cas looked down right murderous. “You are not your father. I’ve told you once and I’ll do it again, you are good. Your soul is the brightest thing up here.”
“I pulled you out of hell and I will do it again.” Cas’ blue eyes bore into him. “I love you, Jack loves you, Bobby loves you, there are lots of people who love you up here and on earth. Your father isn’t one of those people, I’m sorry, but he isn’t.”
Sam looked behind him. Dean couldn’t see his expression, but he broke the spell and ran the rest of the way to his brother.
“There was some guy being a dick so…you know one thing lead to another and he got his brains bashed out on a pool table.” Dean took a pull of beer. “After he had thrown me on to it.”
Castiel reached out to righten the frames before he stopped himself. His hand held awkwardly in the air before falling back to his side. “Your, your glasses are-“
Cas wrapped his mouth around Dean’s raging hard on. His tongue was playing with the head and slit. Dean’s hands grasped at dark hair. His back arched up and his hips bucked. Cas, not having it, placed his hands on Dean’s hips and held them down. Fingers digging hard into Dean’s skin, definitely were going to leave bruises.
Dean shrugged and began putting tools back to their place on the cart. “Can’t blame him, like you said, Sam and I are the best.”
“Son of a bitch.” Dean groaned. “Are you kidding me? This is like the plot of a stupid soap opera. Did he sleep with your husband too?”
The sun was beginning to set. A chill was settling over the ghost town. Dean didn’t want to admit it, but deep down there was a part of him where dread was starting to form. He locked that down before it had a chance to spread. He needed his head clear. Dean tightened his grip on his sawed off.
He would have honestly loved to see that fight play out. However Hunter was currently trying to get on top of Dean and well, he only bottoms for one man these days. Dean squirmed and punched, using his body weight to try and role them over. His knife had been throw aside and both of his hands were currently busy either blocking his head or trying to claw at the ugly mug.
“Dude, are you making pie?” Sam asked coming in from his run. Dean was fairly certain his brother was an alien or something equally nonhuman because no one should enjoy running. Maybe he was dropped on his head at the hospital?
“Right, we’ll it’s a school night and midterms tomorrow, so Castiel should really get going.” Dean shoved himself back from the table. “Come on Castiel, I’ll walk you out.”
A couple of weeks ago when they had been at Dean’s house Sam had had a nightmare of Emma being killed by a hell hound. Sam had woken up and gone into a panic attack. Thinking it was a vision, the next day they had all stayed locked indoors. Dean called the school saying Emma had an appointment and Cas and Dean had called their works and also gotten the day off. The rest of the day had been filled with movies and card games. It had taken until noon for Sam’s hands to stop shaking.
“You have a reputation.” Castiel said after ordering a whiskey from the bartender. “From the car to the jacket and the attitude, I figured it out.”
“Okay, so the contract is clear.” Sam began. “There’s no loop holes for us to use but the same goes for him. He seems relatively stable, good morals.”
Cas retaliated. Later when Dean was on his way back from torturing one fo the traders with Sam, he had discovered a sign taped to his own back. It read My Perky Ass Belongs to Mr. Castiel Novak.
“Charlie!” A guy came up behind Charlie and pulled her lightly off of Cas. “Sorry man, she doesn’t handle her pot very well.”
At the exactly moment Sam burst through the door. Why? Because the universe hated Castiel Novak. “Supper’s ready! Mom says Castiel should come eat before going home.”
“Bu-“ Sam began to protest but his stomach growled too loud for him to deny. “Fine.” He cut Cas a sharp glance before leaving.
Sadly they put on clothes, because cooking naked was just a bad idea. On the bright side Cas was wearing well worn jeans and an equally well worn shirt that had bee on it. Dean had tugged on his dark wash jeans from last night and black long sleeved shirt.
“Uh, technically I am because I’m not biologically related to you but I’m married, or will be married, to one of your biological parents.”
If a whimper left Dean’s throat as the passenger door shut there was no one to prove it. Stupid bastard had to have the last word and leave Dean with a budding erection. Fucking stupid hot bastard.
Then, a few months ago, their top dog was stabbed in the eye by one of their own, a Castiel Novak. Now this Castiel was running the show. The Winchesters has tried to dig up anything on the guy an had found nothing. All anyone knew about the new Angel’s boss was that he ran a tight ship. There were no leaks to be found.
Dean knocked and no one answered. Sounds could be heard from within the house. A clatter came. It sounded like a fight was going down. Dean jumped to action and quickly picked the lock, not wanting to get an earful if he broke the door. Then he drew his gun and began stalking towards the noises.
“I was.” Sam snapped. “Then I heard about the shooting in the next town over, and my jerk of a brother couldn’t answer his phone.”
Something flashed across Dean’s face. Nerves filled Castiel’s stomach but then a bright smile broke out on to his fiancé’s face. “Papa, huh? Sounds like you guys had a good afternoon.” Hearing the name leave Dean’s mouth made Castiel’s eyes dangerously close to watering again. “Sunshine, how about you go clean your room before supper. It was a disaster zone this morning.”
“‘Kay, anyway, so after that I decided I couldn’t get arrested again, so stealing wasn’t necessarily an option. I wasn’t stupid, I know…I knew I was a good looking kid-“
“Hello, this is Sarah Engel from the school, your brother gave me your number as he is out of town.”
“Hey, asshat!” Dean called. “Cas has got the loyalty of the rest of the Angels. You think your going to take over with a hand full of thugs?”
“I’m not going back to Stanford.” Sam said with a certainty that put an uneasy hope in Dean’s stomach.
Ah, Dean had warned him about this conversation. His fiancé had told Castiel that whatever him and Emma were comfortable with for his title to Emma was fine by him. It still sent butterflies into Castiel’s stomach, this was uncharted territory.
Dean’s phone buzzed, catching both their attention. Dean smiled dopily at whatever was on his screen. “What is it?” Castiel asked.
Dean pulled the impala into the parking lot of Emma and Dean’s favorite local diner. Emma was nose deep inside her coloring book. Thankfully, otherwise Dean was worried she’d pick up on the nervous energy.
“Yeah, bumblebee.” Dean smiled against Cas’ lips. “What do ya say, want to be all domestic with me?”
“Already used that one.” Sam reminded before disappearing down the hallway. “Can’t wait to tell Charlie, she owes me thirty bucks.”
Their shower rest of the shower was followed by a quick blowjob. Fuck, that water pressure was better than anything Dean had ever stood under.
“-ean. Dean!” The hands stopped grappling for him and a voice was starting to cut through the fog. “Come back to me, beloved. I’m right here. You’re okay. It’s okay.”
There were some groups that could mix, like band and theater geeks, or jocks and the popular girls. Others could not, for example nerds and punk bad boys.
Dean was feeling fine, but Sam had left for a job cross country days ago when he was still feeling crummy. Sam had explained it before he left, but Dean was knee deep in a Doctor Sexy rerun. There had been something about investments…The details had been irrelevant. The point was Dean’s phone was ringing with Cas’ name flashing on the screen in their quiet house of the early evening.
Dean kissed Cas again. He didn’t want to imagine what would have happened if Cas hadn’t shown up. His breath hitched at the thought.
He tore out the butt-ugly carpet and sanded the hardwoods underneath. He painted the rooms a light grey instead of the dirty brown and pea green. Dean moved in queen sized memory foam mattresses for both bedrooms. That paired with a big tv and couch for the living room and the little nicknacks from their travels made it a great home. All in all it wasn’t a bad little place. The brothers adjusted well to the domestic lifestyle.
Castiel didn’t care much for anyone else in the school with the exception of his few close friends, but Dean was different. He had these bright green eyes and freckles sprinkled across his nose. He blushed easily, fumbled over his words when he was nervous and fiddled with his glasses. He was kind, but he actually threw punches if anyone messed with his friends or little brother.
Dean let out a sound that probably sounded more like a caveman grunt than anything else. He looked down and sure enough. There was a large bloodstain just to the left of his right shoulder. Huh. He poked at it and a wave of nauseating pain came over him.
“Could ask you the same thing.” Sam replied, eyes still on the tv for a few more moments before he paused it. “Well, I had to get caught up sometime since someone decided to be a jerk and watch without me when I was at the library.”
“I know honeybee, it’s an expression.” Dean said while grabbing plates from where he had relocated them. If Cas noticed his rearranged kitchen, he didn’t say anything.
“Y-“ Dean cleared his throat and tried again. Fuck his emotions. “You know I didn’t technically say that I loved you.”
“No.” Cas looked at the clock on the oven. “My car should be here soon. I have a, as Dean would call, “a landfill fire” to put out.”
Taking advantage of his distraction Beefy took Dean’s arm and pinned it too his back. Then his feet were kicked out from under him and Dean was pinned to the floor. To his left he heard a grunt and looked over to find Cas held against the wall with a knife to his throat. The man holding Cas had a particularly greasy looking ponytail and a sneer yellower then urine.
“Believe it or not I don’t know everything.” Cas had a small smile on his face. Yep. Dean would fight entire armies just to see that smile. “I knew you and Crowley worked together but I wasn’t entirely sure of your relationship just that it ended and he has a… sore spot to say, for you.”
Dean was trying to be as quiet as possible as he opened the old door and toed off his boots. Then he heard what sounded like the TV. Dealing with a burglar actually didn’t sound too terrible at the moment.
“It’s true!” Dean snapped. “I was just like my dad with Jack. I was going to, to kill the kid to try and stop Chuck, just like my dad would have done. He wouldn’t have hesitated to betray one of us if it meant getting that demon.”
They walked out a little ways into the gym floor being used as the dancing area. They stayed towards the edge. Castiel fumbled for a moment, his hands gripping Dean’s hips, they were familiar with that. Dean’s own hands went around Castiel’s neck, his fingers tangling in the little baby hairs at the nap of his neck.
“You ever think you’d be here?” Dean asked, biting at his lip and pointedly keeping his gaze on the raw meat.
He felt Cas smile into the kiss. The angel’s hands held Dean’s hips. Dean let his hands wander up to twist into Cas’ hair and pull him impossibly closer.
“We’re getting you checked out.” Dean cut Sam a sharp look. The fear of almost loosing his brother was still swimming inside of him, that and the adrenaline, Dean was practically a live wire still.
“Papa.” Castiel tasted the word on his tongue. It felt strange, like a home you didn’t quite recognize, but it was still home. “I think that’s the one.”
“Alright, angel , sounds like a plan.” Dean kissed his boyfriend to seal the deal. “So what’s first, I believe celebrating was mentioned.”
Dean felt held and whole in a way he hadn’t in those long weeks. He was also dangerously close to crying like a damn virgin chick. Instead of letting any of those stupid chick emotions out he began sucking a dark mark in to Cas’ collar bone. You know, like a man.
“I love you.” Dean had to say before continuing. “I went out one night and headed to a bar. Some guy saw me and took me to the bathroom, and well you know. I only did blow jobs, and I was careful about STDs. I was doing it for about two years or so -only when things got real bad-. Then one night this guy wanted something more than a blow job.”
Dean looked at him, jaw working. “Fine.” He finally said. “Meet me here again tomorrow, same price.”
A silence passed. It was the kind of silence that happened when Sam was gearing up for a chick flick. Dean focused on the cherries, thankfully the talk with his brother was making his dick bored so it was finally settling down.
“Emma!” Dean called before whistling sharply. Fifty some kids turned to see if they were the ones being called, all but one going back to play after realizing it wasn’t their parent calling.
Dean cranked the radio and allowed AC/DC to blast in the car. Better these songs than whatever shit his head was trying to conjure up. The impala followed the twisting backroads. Dean had no real desire to get home quickly. The noise was soothing and he’d have to be quiet when he got home since Sam was sleeping, you know, like most sane and insane people.
“This is the best thing I’ve witnessed since I saw Black Crowes in concert.” Castiel smirked. Something flashed in Dean’s face but it was gone too quick.
“Huh.” Was all Castiel said. Dean shoved his glasses further up his nose. The silence stretched. “You want to sit?”
“So, what?” Dean sat up, trying to keep his voice even. “This is where you get off? Get some money and go back to college?”
Hunter hit his back and Dean took out his gun and shot him in the chest. Screw subtlety, it was dead. He turned and shot Viper next.
Dean shuffled so he was laying Cas down across the bench seat. “I love you.” He whispered before kissing both of Cas’ cheeks, his nose, his ears, his jaw, and finally his lips.
“Sorry lady, you look way to young to be Cas’ mom.” Dean shifted, trying to find a weakness but the heel of the boot just shoved further into his spine.
They laid in bed, panting, and soaking up the after glow. Each time with Cas was just as perfect as the last. Dean rolled over to curl into Cas’ side. He found blue eyes staring at him. Heat rushed to Dean’s cheeks at the close scrutiny.
Dean sipped at his water until he was about half of it was gone. Then he set it on the coffee table and rested against Cas. His head lulled onto Cas’ shoulder.
“I know how step parents work.” Emma grouched with an eye roll. She seemed a little offended. “I’ve known you almost as long as long as I was with my mom. If she gets a to be Mom you shouldn’t have to be just Cas.”
The kiss turned passionate and heated. Dean’s tongue slipped into Cas’ mouth and his hands griped dark hair. Cas moaned and his hands gripped Dean’s waist tightly. Dean explored Cas’ mouth, wanting to know every bit of it. Cas’ hands slipped from his waist and groped his ass.
“You two would be such trouble in the same class.” Dean smirked. “More trouble than you are already.”
“My issues will be bigger than a dumpster.” Cas sighed, not getting it, and downed the rest of his third cup of coffee.
Finally, Dean finished his calculus. He technically still had a few pages of statistic notes to take but he figured he could finish them in home room. Dean filed away his homework sheet and textbook back into his backpack.
“Where ya going, baby bro?” Castiel shifted his glare from his reflection to his brother who was leaning against the doorway.
“I just got back from picking Emma up from school. The principal called, she got into a fight with another kid.”
He got to the front of house to find Dean holding the passenger door for the impala open. His boyfriend looked gorgeous in a black tux and white dress shirt with a navy blue bow tie. The tips of his hair were frosted from where the blue dye had faded out. In short: holy shit.
With a sigh Dean settled back into the uncomfortable bed. He prepared himself for a long wait. The hit man had never been a patient man. Pretty soon he was going to start bugging his brother.
Dean burst out laughing. Castiel’s eyes crinkled around the corners and Dean could have swooned. “So you got him, obviously.”
Cas and his goon who Dean hadn’t gotten a good enough look at to properly name, were scrambling on the floor. At the moment the gorgeous mob boss was on the bottom of the two, a position Dean had a feeling he didn’t like in any situation. Like the good…-what were they? Dean would have to ask later- for now he would go with person. So like the good person he was Dean located his knife and stabbed the man in the back. He twisted the blade before ripping it back.
“Do you ever stop talking?” Cas asked with a smile as he pulled away, if you could call the tiny millimeter between their lips pulling away.
Dean was walking away and Castiel was panicking. He could always try again later, but he had the courage already. He wasn’t sure he would be able to approach Dean again, especially after this shitshow.
“She’s fine.” Sarah said in a polite and unconcerned way. “She had a confrontation with another student on the playground.”
“Wow.” Dean was running his hands through the soft locks before he could stop himself. “You like it?”
“What?” Cas’ voice was icy cold. Dean saw the angel’s jaw tighten and his shoulders stiffen. The hand holding Dean’s became an iron grip.
Dean was leaned over the sink spitting out a glob of toothpaste when hips pressed flush against his ass behind him. Hands wrapped around his chest and breath tickled his ear.
Scott droned on and Dean managed to keep up a friendly conversation before he was saved by a new conversation of who Melissa would hook up with for the new school year.
“Axel Berg in my kindergarten class called his dad Papa.” Emma explained. “It’s like Goldie Locks and the Three Bears with Papa Bear.”
Dean went back upstairs. Crisis averted. Sam sighed, and looked again at the long list Dean had handed him. It was filled with everything from reminders about having breakfast to his niece’s blood type.
“Okay, so three hits. Wally, Hunter, and Andrea who goes by Viper.” Sam reread from the file. “All have been skimming off money and the weapons and drugs they are taking are being sold to the local kids.”
The rest of the drive was quiet and quick. When they entered the house Dean almost sobbed. Sam ducked into the bathroom for a shower and Dean dragged Cas to his  room.
“Uh, I, uh,” seriously, what was wrong with him? Dean felt like he was four years old again and the words were stuck in his throat.
“She’s over by the swings.” Dean looked over to see Caroline, one of the few moms Dean actually got alone with. She was younger, only a year or so older than Dean. Her daughter and Emma were best friends.
Castiel’s eyes widened, every flat surface of the kitchen and conjoining dining room was covered in pots, pans, and plates. A middle aged woman who looked a lot like Dean was stirring a pot and looking at its contents like it had just pissed in her shoes.
“You’ll tell me about them later?” Dean had meant it to be a demand but it came out a question, or more accurately, a plea.
“He was busy. We’re doing supper instead.” Dean swatted at his brother’s hand as he reached to pick at Dean’s crust.
“I don’t want to just be someone you only see on the holidays. I want to be there when Emma scores a goal in soccer, I want to babysit on your date nights, I want to watch her grow up.”
“If you eat your dinner.” Castiel’s smile was bordering on watery. His eyes felt dangerously close to tearing up.
The next hour was spent with flying paint and laughter. By the end, Cas and Dean were dripping with paint and their stomachs hurt. Dean’s cheeks were flushed and Cas suspected his were as well. They were standing so close Cas could count the individual speckles of paint contrasting with the freckles on Dean’s nose and cheeks.
“You should ask Cas that.” Dean said after he swallowed the lump of emotion. “He might want you to stick with Cas.”
“Dean.” Cas’ voice cut through Dean’s thoughts. He realized his knuckle tight grip on the book he was holding. The same page glared up at him as it had the last however long.
The guy had specifically asked Cas to come to his birthday party. They were still playing their game of chase, but they were something closer to friends. He had come to value their friendship, and like a good friend he figured he should attend.
“You have a history with Crowley.” Dean’s throat clicked at the statement. “And I would like your insight.”
It was only because of Dean’s weird ass childhood that trained him as a fucking assassin that he was able to get dressed and leave a note saying he had gone home, not to worry on Cas’ nightstand in the dark. Actually, all of that was more likely from nights not wanting to wake his dad up from a drunken slumber and not necessarily the long training hours.
Emma didn’t say anything. She kind of tilted her head and scrunched her nose at the floor. Sam tried again.
They plated a second plate before moving to the dinner table. They chatted about the business and various things as they ate. Afterwards they began cleaning the kitchen together.
The rest of the night continued with stories and alcohol. Eventually they were comfortably smashed and got kicked out of the bar for laughing obnoxiously and shouting about monsters. The locals were disturbed Dean guessed.
just below his collar bone, “is an anti possession. Sam and I got it after a fight. I -after we killed the guy who started the fire who killed our mom and Sam’s girlfriend I thought Sam was going to leave, go back to college. We fought, next day the kid dragged my ass to a tattoo parlor for the biggest chick flick of the century. Long story short we got matching tattoos.”
So when he was going to hunt a wendigo and found the blue eyed man stalking through the woods Dean had many feelings. One of which was aroused. Short story even shorter, they ended up hunting the thing together. Turned out his name was Castiel Novak.
“So I was working on the case and following some leads.” Castiel picked at the water stain on the counter. “I was stressed and ended up sleeping with one of bartenders. That night I woke up to him trying to tear my heart out.”
Sam and Dean shared a look before sitting in the two chairs across the desk from Castiel. The blue eyed man picked up the lone thing sitting on his desk aside from a cup of pens, a folder.
Dean didn’t want to tear his moth away, but he needed air -stupidly. As a compromise to his needy body Dean decided to press open mouthed, messy kisses to Cas’ neck and jaw.
After a little bit of questioning he had left his piercings in. They made him him, and he felt naked without them. It wasn’t like Dean minded them, if anything Dean liked them more then Castiel did.
“Don’t worry about it.” Jerry waved off, standing up and stretching his back out. “Just get them done tomorrow.”
Together they moved to hide behind a parked car. Yet another shot and glass shattered above Dean’s head. Dean tried to peak from behind the car but there was nothing to see but people running and screaming. He took his flannel off, ignoring Cas’ questioning look, and reached into the broken window. He unlocked the car and climbed in.
His boyfriend got the message and began undressing. Dean scrambled out of his pants and underwear, his erection stood at attention, purple and throbbing as soon as it was free. He couldn’t help but whimper at the sudden cold -well, room temperature- air.
“Dean, thus far I have been on your parent’s good side. I’d like to stay there.” Castiel did his best to try and pull on his underwear and wiggle himself from his boyfriend’s koala like grip.
“Dean, fuck, Dean!” With one last thrust, Cas was releasing white hot cum deep inside of him. That tilted Dean over the edge and he came too, shooting his load all over the bottom of Cas’ desk.
They left the bar and the cold air made their breath fog up. Watching the cold air steam from Castiel’s lips was mesmerizing. Dean, drunk and horny, lost what little restraint he had to begin with and kissed those soft and chapped lips.
Sam took another shot. For arguments sake, let’s say the shit did stop. They killed Yellow Eyes and stopped his visions. Did Sam want to go back to college, back to Stanford? Did he want to go back to a Stanford without Jess?
“So I should call the Guinness Book of World Records?” Sam smirked. “Let them know Dean Winchester successfully made it one month without getting laid.”
Dean shook his head. “I like you helping and I like seeing you with Emma. My dad just…he said that I trusted you too quick, we’ve only known each other for a year and-“
“Okay, you’ve got to tell me who the cutie is sitting over by your stuff.” Caroline asked, gesturing to Sam.
Thankfully Dean was saved from answering because Cas was pushing in and his mouth was too busy forming an o. Cas slowly, too slowly, pushed in. It seemed to take forever. He was big and he was being so careful. It had been a long time since anyone had ever treated Dean like glass in bed. Normally Dean hated it, but with Cas it was nice. It wasn’t weird or odd, it was warm and it made Dean feel safe.
Dean ducked his head. “I don’t know why I thought you were going to…I don’t know, leave us high and dry. It was stupid.”
The bed wasn’t made for a good love fest let alone two grown men falling into it at full force so it broke. The sound of splintering wood and a mattress and its box hitting the ground echoed obnoxiously through the house.
“No, Dean.” Cas stepped back and Dean tried his best to hide his hurt. Cas’ eyes softened anyway and he kissed Dean’s cheek before kissing his lips once. “Not until you’re fully healed. I want to make you scream and thrash as I take you apart. I want to know your body on the deepest level, and do not want to be hindered by your injury.”
“You weren’t supposed to get hurt.” Cas said so softly he almost missed it. “Crowley wasn’t ever going to hurt you. That bullet was meant for me.”
Dean was glade Emma had found close friends. Growing up it was just Dean and Sam floating between schools across the country. He was glade his daughter got to do the whole BFF thing.
“Oh my- shove off, jerk.” Sam pinched the skin on Dean’s chest earning a yelp from the older Winchester.
Dean almost started drooling at Cas’ half hard erection. He looked up at Cas who was pointedly not looking at Dean. Not tearing his gaze from Cas’ face, Dean licked a long stripe up the line of the warm cock in front of him. The mob boss above didn’t move. Smirking, Dean played with the head with little kitten licks and kisses. After teasing the slit Dean sank his mouth on it. He slowly took the entire cock until his nose was nuzzling Cas’ soft skin at his lower belly.
They tumbled their way up the stairs, mouths more connected than not, hands never straying from each other. Cas was so damn addictive. His kisses, his hands, every touch, every word, Dean soaked in like a fucking sponge. It was amazing and terrifying at the same time. It was- Dean waxing poetry again, damn it.
There was silence for a long while. Dean almost thought Sam had fallen asleep. Then he spoke again. “I told you this job was a good idea.”
Sam seemed to finally snap out of it and continued walking towards the door. Cas followed. If Sam noticed, he said nothing.
“Me too, me too.” That was all they got out before Dean was tipping over the edge and sending Castiel tumbling with him.
“Dean has a few things to say before I put you back where you belong.” Jack nodded at Dean and stepped back.
“Hey, I’ve been fighting a hard on since your dirty mouth painted all those images in my head this afternoon.” Dean’s leer turned softer. “So who really has the dirty mouth?”
Dean’s stomach growled again and with a pained noise that was only half necessary he stood. Together they emerged from the bedroom. It was a little awkward. Cas’ eyes were half closed and he seemed to be more of a walking zombie than anything else.
They weren’t too drunk off of the punch so Dean drove them to a dark field. It was a little ways off the road and the only light were the stars in the sky. It was kind of romantic if the two teenagers didn’t have plans to make out in the back of the car.
Dean’s breath caught in his throat. His brows pulled together more severely. “Cas…” He exhaled as he said it. “Cas…” he said again, closing his eyes.
Dean cleared his throat once, gruffly. “You want to come in? I uhm… I made you something.” His voice was still inviting, but hesitant, self continuous. He wasn’t meeting Cas’ eyes.
So he began by getting closer to Dean, physically closer, more affectionate. He would lean to let their elbows touch while they read over Men of Letters entries and even hook his chin over Dean’s shoulder when Dean held up something for him to read. He started hugging him in the morning to say hello, which Dean seemed to catch onto fairly quickly.
The days after Dean rescued him from the trenches of the world and brought him home to the bunker was a time of rest as his father once said. A time of relief. Relief and disbelief and then acceptance and of Cas taking long hot showers and trying snacks Dean brought to him in his newly assigned bedroom. Then Sam helping him pick out new clothes and teaching him how to do laundry, how to properly brush and floss his teeth. Dean started cooking more, then baking and everything was delicious except for coffee no matter what flavored cream Dean added. They took small hunting jobs and when they went out to question locals, Cas was only made to wait in the car half of the time.
So he found him, and his eyes were more vivid because Cas could no longer glimpse his soul through them, but saw only a bright ring of earthly green that seemed to shimmer with recognition, then relief, then concern. Cas had learned that much, had studied Dean’s every changing emotion with all the thorough dedication that a multidimensional celestial being could muster. Which was plenty. So he should not have been startled when he was pulled into a fierce embrace, gripped tight, some might say. But he was, he was startled.
He didn’t expect Dean to feel so strong, so warm. He didn’t anticipate the shiver that ran over his skin or the warmth that pooled like sun soaked honey in the center of his chest. It took less than a moment for Cas to grip him back, to wrap his arms around him and squeeze with the strength he wanted to, a strength that wouldn’t ever hurt him, would only ever match him because Cas was now fragile but solid. The way that Dean was, always beautiful in his razor thin tightline-walk between complete vulnerability and steely strength. They were equals now, and the thought cut through Cas’ confusion and lit up a jolt in his stomach. He was now a man, and he was beginning to understand that a graceless soul felt love more ravenously than reverently.
He used to wear Dean’s before he got his own, one half size smaller. He hadn’t liked the stiffness of the laces, so he’d switched them out with the soft, worn ones stolen from Dean’s old boots. He looked down at them now and smiled.
“Yes, Dean.” He replied, abandoning his quest to retrieve a glass of water from the kitchen. He had a more pressing thirst.
“I think I’m going to look for our cassette player after breakfast. I’ve been wanting to listen to my old mixtapes.”
When all was said and done and Dean was painting their freshly plastered walls a creamy ivory, Cas built their bed frame, made it solid and just the right height for Dean’s knees that were stiff in the morning. He fastened it with a headboard, carved like an old marriage bed, made of heavy, rich oak. Before slotting it together with the rest of the frame, he carved out their names side by side into the sturdy wood, where none would ever see it but he would take comfort in knowing it was there. That something was marked by their love for eachother, a private symbol of unity.
“I’ve been learning a lot about carpentry in my spare time.” Cas said seriously. Dean laughed. “Don’t laugh, Dean. The greatest among us was a carpenter.”
Not long after that Dean was injured in a hunt. Cas had no grace, so could not heal him. He had been afraid of this, being faced with Dean’s mortality, the fragility of his flesh. He recovered in the hospital but Cas couldn’t stop seeing the angry red gash in his side, the pallor of his face and the sick sweat on his brow as he held him in the car, hot blood seeping between them from where Dean’s palm was pressed against the wound. He had felt nauseous with fear and later when dean was sent home to recover his hands shook whenever he had to redress the gash, but he insisted on being the one to do it.
Their first night in that bed together, their new home warm all around them and smelling of fresh wood and paint, Dean would thank him profusely. He whispered it into the side of his neck and kissed it down his chest.
Dean was receptive to the physical affection, they had always had a poor concept of personal space. Dean let him brush their shoulders together and linger in hugs and would even lean into him when Cas would sit too close during movie nights at the bunker in an old-time theater room they had discovered in the basement. He didn’t seem to mind Cas borrowing his flannels or sweatpants and didn’t protest when Cas started doing little things for him. Once he felt he had mastered brewing coffee using Sam as a semi unwilling taste tester, he would wake up early and make Dean a cup before he got up. He would wash his laundry with his own and insisted on dressing a wound on Dean’s back after a ghost hunt when Dean struggled to reach it. Everytime Dean seemed either amused or grateful or some endearing mixture of both, all positives in Cas’ mind and each time he made Dean happy it was like a cooling balm to the burning in his chest.
