“In a similar state to how you left him, Sir. Are emergency medical services required? I have no protocols for guests of a non-human nature.”
"Too bad it's all my imagination," James sighs where he's resting his head against Tony's shoulder. They're huddling on the couch together, waiting for Steve to come back with the lunch they skipped when James was attacked.
“While you morons were bickering, I set up the Jenga tower,” Nat says, standing near the coffee table with her arms folded. Even Thor is paying attention now, still sitting on the floor though.
"It's got a nice taste," Steve says and toasts his glass against Thor's.
“You’re breaking
Tony smiles, not sure how he's lucky enough to have an AI friend who can convey quotation marks by tone of voice alone.
"Mister Jarvis," Steve asks, voice tight as he forcibly denies his thoughts to take the path they did, "are there images of this
"You can restrain me," James offers. Sure, that will be horrible, but it's still within his mission parameters. His own comfort isn't important.
Tony is still bent forward near the table, and Steve takes the few steps that separate them and throws himself against Tony's back for a bear hug.
still with double points on the
Even with dark blue, purple, and grey streaks in his hair and on his skin, Steve is gorgeous, beyond gorgeous. There's an inner beauty to him others easily miss - either too awed by the cowl and the shield, or dismissive of his old timey charm. He’s courageous and earnest and virtuous, sure, but that’s only part of the picture, like a… like a colouring page yet to be filled. He is
Instead, now there was just anger. Guess he didn’t like what Tony had to say. But that’s okay, Tony knows how to deal with anger. That little caring thing he tried to do earlier, well, that’s something he’s more uncertain with.
"Not until after at least seven showers," Tony grins and blows Steve a kiss, laughing loudly when he jumps away just in time to avoid being flicked in the face with droplets of shit.
, Steve and him.
“My hero,” Tony laughs at the fumble, his heart swelling with fondness at the boyish look on Steve’s face. He’s never heard Steve laugh like this and he lets go of his worry, lets himself enjoy this moment, this camaraderie between his team, his family… and a very affectionate and giggly boyfriend.
A flickering catches Tony’s eye as he speaks and he glances over to the overhead light blinking in morse. C...O...A.
The sound from the video cuts out as JARVIS complies - and damn is Tony not going to have words about taking orders from random men with his AI - and the apartment falls into a heavy weighted silence broken only by the hitching breaths of the being on his knees.
Tony's eyes will be wrinkled at the corners while shining with mirth. He knows, and he's very fond of that look, but not when he's absolutely soaked in bird shit.
The signal petered out and died soon after he arrived, which can mean any number of things. At the very least it means he has to hurry.
It startles a laugh out of Steve, and James clenches his jaw against the feeling of joy it elicits deep within him.
“I’m sitting on a legacy of blood and destruction - the public agrees, someone called us ‘merchants of death’ on twitter recently. Got a nice ring to it. Point is, Paul, you’re gonna have to do better than to try and guilt trip me.”
-----
“Now, hush. I’m enjoying the afterglow.” He presses a kiss on the left side of Steve’s chest, over his heart.
“I’m okay,” Steve says, wiping slime away from his face and pulling off his cowl. “Just… very…” he lifts the arm with the cowl. Green slime slowly drips off in long stretchy rivulets.
Tony gives him a tremulous smile. When he’d opened the door in the morning, his godfather had taken one look around and assumed Tony had held a destructive party a la his younger days. The level of destruction and Tony’s hangover hadn’t really done much to disprove his assumption and it was as good a cover as any.
“It’s fine, J. You didn’t know,” he replies as he steps up behind Polemistes and reaches out to lay a hand on his trembling shoulder. There’s a 60% chance he might lose this hand but he trusts JARVIS to deploy offensive measures if he’s harmed.
with tongue and teeth and
It's an oddly tranquil way to spend the time. Steve is content to sit and wait in silence, but he doesn't want Tony to feel alone wherever his genius mind is floating, so he talks. He tells Tony about his mom, about growing up sick, about needing to prove he can do better than people think. He cries a little when he talks about Bucky, his brother who he lost in the war. He recounts war stories about the Howlies, talks about Howard and Peggy.
"Now you fellas," James orders, because even in his hallucination he wants the best for Steve and Tony, and that's undeniably each other and not him.
There is only so much shock a person can endure before they stop reacting to it. Suppression is a powerful tool that Tony masters in. All of last night was an assault on his scientific world view and when the blinding light fades leaving behind an impression of giant wings still underneath his eyelids, Tony leaves his skepticism at the door and rolls with it.
He's still holding onto Tony, debating whether he should tell how sensitive the serum made all his senses, not just sight and hearing, but Tony groans and pulls out his spunk covered hand, licking it clean.
“But now that you’re here, why waste a good opportunity?” He continues, Maria Starks training coming through with flying colours,
“Tha- I - you- oh fuck me,” Tony groans, hiding his face in Steve’s neck. “We’re gonna test that out. Later. I’m gonna see how many times I can make you come and it’s going to be amazing but tonight I don’t think I have more than one in me so you better not give me ideas my body can’t keep up with, you sneaky sex machine.”
The noise hits him as soon as the elevator doors open. There's the wheezing of Clint's laughter, the zooming and beeping of the roombas, and the voice of someone he doesn't recognize, apologizing profusely in… Mandarin?
He has a list.
- and flicks it with super soldier precision into Clint's face who seems to be having a stroke from laughing so hard. How he manages to stay perched on the fridge is anyone's guess.
This is why being in a team is dangerous. He doesn't want any of his friends to get hurt. He's only now slowly recovering from Bucky's death, he'll break if Tony--
You would
He feels for the kid, he really does, but he almost feels every second ticking by.
squander that. His mission is simple: eradicate anyone who knows about the book of binding, because those are the ones that will track him and endanger Tony.
he winks at them at the word, “home.”
“Oh hey, welcome back to the land of the living. You uh, doing okay? Should I reheat the tea? Get you a blanket maybe? Wait – what did you just say?”
Placing his hands on Steve’ shoulders, Tony grins down cheekily. “Pinned you,” he teases, a callback to how many times Steve has done the same to Tony in their training sessions albeit with less booze breath, giggles, and erections.
Tony watches as the angel gets a fire lit under his feathery bottom and jumps up to pace across the length of the couch, ignoring Tony completely which - rude. He’s almost tempted to interrupt but figures it’s better to let him get it out of his system.
“If I hulk out I could carry him to his bedroom…”
Steve squeaks, and he can’t even feel embarrassed about it. Somehow he thought Tony's playboy past was as much a machination as the persona that accompanies it, but Tony sure knows how to talk dirty.
“What part of I didn’t know you guys existed evades your understanding?” He asks exasperatedly, “What the fuck even is Hydra? The only one I know is a creature from ancient Greek mythology which I thought
"I was. Bucky was too."
“Thor…” Nat says not quite warningly, and Thor winks at her, the old charmer. Not for the first time, Steve wonders what is true of all the myths about the Asgardians he has read.
Can you… are you okay? Bucky, please…"
Panting, when they break for air, he says, “Tell me again when you’re sober.” When Steve moves to say something, he places a finger on his lips. “Please, honey? Just- tell me again tomorrow and I might just believe you.”
“Your eyes match the chocolate fondue on your face.”
"Sadly this isn't a tally of wit," Bruce sighs, not looking sad at all.
Steve stares at Tony's backside. It's such a good backside. Especially with Tony bent at the waist like that. Are boyfriends allowed to touch each other's backsides in company? He really wants to touch Tony's backside.
Damn.
Steve's hand shoots out at the projectile on its own volition, but he fumbles the catch and it bounces off his hand and onto the ground.
Tony can’t help but startle into a disbelieving chuckle at the hunk’s reaction. On one hand, it’s always hilarious to see people jump three feet in the air when they first meet J, and it’s kinda funny to especially see someone pull a sword on an incorporeal AI. On the other, did he just throw himself in front of Tony like some shield made out of muscle and sheer determination. And that second thing - that second thing causes Tony’s amusement to fade into incredulity and disbelief because who
"Already on it," Iron Man mutters. In the background Steve hears J.A.R.V.I.S rattle off probabilities before the comm shuts off again.
Anything to keep you from making that joke again,” Tony says with a dramatic air, and leans into Steve some more, his whole solid solidness enough to make Tony swoon like a damsel.
"Well, duh. Could've known you wouldn't keep to your promise not to do anything stupid."
"Yeah, I really don't," Steve laughs and fakes a shudder.
“JARVIS, shut it down!” Tony shouts, watching in horror as the 6 foot plus frame of the guy who introduced himself as ‘
Thank fuck for that, he’d thought privately, not even daring to say it out loud so as to not jinx this once in a blue moon opportunity for the team to relax, unwind, celebrate a string of successful missions and Birdbrain’s close call with death.
Nope, not going there. There’s no way he’s letting anyone into the sanctity of his workshop.
"Cap, please stop whatever you're doing, they just fried three of my sensors with their tittering." Iron Man sounds annoyed, for as much as the speakers can convey Tony's emotions.
"I give up!" James yells as he stands up and throws his hands in the air. "I quit."
"Behave," he whispers, and hides his grin in a cough when Tony replies with "
This is getting ridiculous. Do they advert their dates on Villains R Us?
that shit was. So what if he has to reconcile with the idea that he’s done the do with a denizen of Hell. So what if it was the best night of his life. So what if he feels sick, sore, and utterly bereft.
"Stop," he whispers, "please…"
He pins Tony with a gaze. "Is there anything he said or did that might be helpful?"
"On Valnheim they play Stabøl," Thor says conversationally, filling Steve's mug and his own. "It's like this Jenga, but with trees."
They fall into it, literally.
The door slides open to admit him, carrying a huge cask on his shoulder. Steve wonders if it's empty until Thor deposits it at their feet with a large thud.
Getting back some of the resolve, Tony clears his throat. “I don’t have any incentive to help you other than your word. What’re you gonna do to you if I tell you? What - How are you going to stop
There’s a part of him - his self preservation instincts perhaps that are yelling at him to submit, to give this man what he wants but there’s a larger part of Tony that’s
Dummy. He hasn’t ever met a robot like Dum-E, and he’s not sure what to make of him. Dum-E chirps and puts down his ball, so he can gently prod at James’ metal hand. James’ first reaction is to rip the pincer off the strut, but he is here for a reason and refrains.
He fails. When he gently slides his hand under Tony’s, he can’t hold back. Tony is larger than life, and movement, and technicolour neon blazing. Not small, not ashen white, not intubated and injected, surrounded by machines that keep him alive. He knows Tony will be alright, that the steady beep beep of the heart monitor means he’s alive, but he can’t get over how small Tony looks, how vulnerable, how utterly breakable. So he quietly sobs, as silently as he can, until he can breathe steady again. He doesn’t know if Tony is dreaming or not, if he can hear Steve, if he’s able to sense that he’s not alone, but when the nurse comes to collect him Steve firmly refuses to budge. He’s not leaving Tony, he can’t.
want to hear about the details.
intended or….” He trails off even though he feels like he’s certain that the only influence on his mind was that of alcohol but even then, he can’t
Steve moans and his hips stutter at the picture Tony paints.
No one can blame him for taking advantage and melting into the embrace a little. The dude is strong and warm and smells a little ozoney which is for some reason hot as fuck.
) and pressing soft kisses to Tony's hair and forehead.
Tony moves towards the wine rack, keeping an eye on the blond. The guy’s either some arms dealer mob boss kinds or – and Tony hates that he’s even thinking this – another preternatural being. Either way, he’s dangerous.
With a satisfied nod, he climbs back to his perch.
They need an intervention. Luckily for them, James is good at interventions. If you can shoot the potus in broad daylight and frame someone else, a little get together between two pining lovers should be a piece of cake.
But, age has gifted him with things like taking away his shamelessness and leaving him with knees that ache if he twists himself up in weird positions.
It killed Tony a little to lie to Rhodey like that, to hear the disappointment in his tone when he asked if Tony was planning on doing shit like that again.
"Oh noooo," Steve smiles, gently placing his hands on Tony's thighs and rubbing them up and down. "Whatever shall I do?"
"I can explain…"
"It's my brain. They scrambled it one too many times. With the words? It just went
“We’re gonna obliterate the rest of you,” Tony laughs in response, placing his free hand on Steve’s thigh.
"I wanted to make you a cake," Tony starts again as he waves the cloth he ineffectually uses to try and clean his hands. "But, well, the dough was too thick for the white chocolate one, so I made that one anew, but that put me back on the chilli chocolate and the coffee toffee one, so I thought, what if I merge three mixers and power them with a tiny arc reactor?"
"Okay, Dum-E Stark. We can play ball."
Swords? The Doombot shifts its arms and is now wielding two huge swords? If Steve ever gets his hands on Doom he’ll make sure how he feels about giant robots with swords invading the streets of New York. Thor and Iron Man are flying around and around, forcing the bot to spin after them in circles.
is staggering. It leaves Steve reeling; teetering on the edge of sanity.
“Stored in the royal cellars for centuries,” Thor continues, “it waited for a very special occasion to be brought to the surface and cracked open…”
What?
But then again, Tony was never the slow-down-and-take-it-in kinds. He's always the pump-the-gas-and-push-through-things kind. He doesn’t want to think of his latest heartbreak and the paradigm shift he experienced seeing proof of things beyond the physical material reality, and the way he lost his mind to lust and
“He takes care of - well, everything. JARVIS, it’s good to have you back, buddy but unclench. Polemistés and I are just having a chat, right?”
Tony bends down to lick a long stripe along the underside of Steve’s hard length. He gathers up the spunk mixed with the fresh drops of precum with kitten licks all over his cock.
"Wait, you died? That's how you - I mean you were human before you were… a polemistes?"
“Steven, this is unsanitary.”
Tony gives Steve a calculating look and there’s a few beats of silence between them before he responds. Not a kitten to try and handle bare handed, Steve reminds himself, however innocent Tony might look.
don't want to hear about that time I saw Fury without his eye patch…"
"He cheats, Lite Brite," Clint yells from where he's beating Thor at Mario Kart.
Dislikes: That way Natalia smiles like she knows everything and she probably does which is the most annoying aspect, sushi, breathing while eating wasabi, everything about Steven Grant Rogers and Anthony Edward Stark, pigeons (don't ask).
“There’s no ploy here, Captain Righteous. I’m not some criminal mastermind sitting here twirling my moustache with a nefarious plot. You wanted me to tell you the truth, well I am! You don’t like it, that’s your problem,” he says throwing his arms out in frustration.
"We could make them disappear," Clint says with a dark chuckle. He's lying on the L-shaped sectional, injured leg extended, the other folded at the knee, and a shockingly blue drink in his hand.
Not again. What is it with these villains that they can't let two lovebirds alone?
“You aren’t drinking that?” Tony asks Bruce who has occupied 'his' armchair, the one at the best angle to see the TV, the rest of the room, and close proximity to the side table, which Tony has to walk past to reach the couch. “Knowing your physiology’s close to Cap’s, it might actually get you buzzed.”
But he still has most of his impulse control, again debatable if he ever had that, and he decides to go with a less shocking answer.
“Tony named you his emergency contact,” Ginny explains as Bruce squeezes Steve’s shoulder. “Go, Steve.”
"Yeah," James nods. "It would've been so nice if this was real…"
JARVIS doesn't try to talk him out of it, which means he's not crossing any kind of protocol he threw into place when the Avengers came and shacked up with him, so he tries the door and finds he can push it open.
- and wow, Tony doesn't need that image on top of the other - and awkwardly rubs the back of his neck.
Tony feels a little woozy from the combination of all that alcohol and being moved around in a rollercoaster named Steve. He gets his balance by gripping the blond’s firm shoulders, finding himself in Steve’s lap again, cradled to his chest.
“Don’t worry your pretty blond head about it, he didn’t do anything I didn’t want him to do,” Tony says, shrugging the shoulder with the bite mark on it. Yeah, that’s still hot as fuck. The memories of last night rush back in and Tony fights a smile. “There’s something to be said about demonic stamina. And before you bring out your sword again - no pun intended - I didn’t make him do anything he didn’t want to either. On the contrary, he was very,
He tells Tony about what it was like waking up from thinking he was dead. About the confusion and overwhelming grief, but how he found a new team who became his new family. About how one man gave him a
"Jesus fuck. Seventy years of torture and do you think I blew my cover even once? No! Never! It takes
He doesn’t remember falling to his knees, but he must have, because Nat is crouched next to him, talking to him, urging him to come. He helplessly looks at her and sees the same fear and sadness that threatens to gut him. When he hefts himself tiredly to his feet, he notices he’s covered in blood. His armour sticks cold and wet against his chest and his gloves are caked a dark rusty brown, and it’s enough to make him double over in anguish.
Suddenly he's enveloped by the strongest arms on earth, pulled tight against Steve's chest.
"Fine, don't tell me." He sticks his tongue out at one of JARVIS' cameras because he knows it makes the AI's metaphorical eyes roll and pushes away from the desk.
He almost giggles when Tony does as Steve and presses a kiss to James' other cheek. The way Tony and Steve smile at him like they always secretly smile at each other only adds to the sensation his brain finally snapped and he's wandering la la land.
He might try to hide it, but Steve can tell Tony's worried. He can't say it's for nought, and it's Tony's correction that makes his internal alarms go off.
________________________________
"Steve?" Tony calls, but receives no answer so he walks further inside.
"Nǐ hǎo?" Tony tries, and is immediately accosted by an excited explanation of how the little blender had tried to warn the Captain its lid wasn't screwed on right and that he most certainly shouldn't try the super setting, not even with the lid screwed on right, and that he also shouldn't add so much milk and--
"I still don't know your name." The contractors had talked about a mister Stark, but he guesses that's the kid's father. The whole place is too grand, too barren for a teenager to live in.
“Sir?”
"Bucky..?" Steve asks stupidly, and James feels aggravated enough to punch him if he was closer (a recurring emotion in just about all his memories that have resurfaced).
His thought process stutters and his arms hang loosely before coming up to rest hesitantly on those broad,
"Oh for fuckssake!"
Lonely or not, there's still always a choice. The choice to
James makes an explosion gesture with his right hand.
"Hey, Obie."
Maybe Jarvis can help his cause, so Steve wants to stay friendly. He turns back to the kid and offers a sad smile.
Today it's fifteen minutes and counting. Steve just starts on his second bread stick when there's movement on the roof next to James.
James is royally fucked.
Purely platonic business meeting between co-workers. This sounds good and plausible if anyone should ask him where he's going. Not that he encounters anyone up the flight of stairs to the common floor, nor on his trek from the stairwell to Steve's quarters.
“God, look at you, you’re so...nngh,” Tony’s words end on a moan as his heels dig into Steve’s ass when Steve lifts himself a little to watch himself thumb over the head of Tony's cock.
“Sorry, Obie, you scared me.”
He’d be a little offended but then did also leave the guy to have his crisis alone and had been working on plans for the targeting missile that had been rattling around in his head. He’d much rather be working on bolstering JARVIS’ code, making him take cyclic backups in offshore servers, giving him more control to protect himself in case something like what happened twice in the past two days happens again. But after Sunset ran away with some proprietary designs and more insider information than she should’ve, Tony needs to appease the board, to show them that he’s capable of leading the company.
Overcome with emotion he cradles Tony to his chest, completely wrapping himself around his lover (his
Not that Tony has any complaints. None at all. He’s actually quite comfortable sitting sideways in Steve’s lap, resting against his chest, surrounded by his warmth and his unique Steve scent.
The wine bottle hangs limply from his hand and his society training leaves him – nothing to offer in the face of
As quickly as he could, he had left a slumbering Pulchellus, vowing to himself to keep his lover safe at all costs, and sneaked away into the early dawn.
"Pink slime suits you better than green," Tony smirks, and is rewarded with renewed blushing, but then Steve leans forward a little.
Steve winces but schools his features into a friendly smile, which he manages to maintain all through the "conversation."
"is,"
Steve
“Don’t worry, Thor, I’ll avenge you by defeating Little Miss Muffet,” Tony calls out as he makes his move.
“Okay, seems like this happened after the integration, and the logs look clean so I don’t know what could-
He’d loved every second of it because it was toe-curlingly pleasurable and dangerous and surprisingly gentle but how much of it really was
"At ease, soldier," Tony quips. "This is a friendly get together between friendlies, not a mission."
James can't sneak away. As soon as they cross the threshold of the lab he has a panic attack so bad he completely blacks out and wakes up on his back on the shittiest couch a billionaire can own, with Steve and Tony hovering above him.
James shakes his head to force the unbidden memory away, and ignores how both Steve and Tony look at him as he drops into parade rest.
“JARVIS, what’s the status on the install in the penthouse?”
Just thinking of Steve does weird things to Tony’s insides and he quickly moves through the space to the open door at the other side of the living room.
A slight chuckle escapes Tony’s lips as he pulls away enough to look Steve in the eye. Steve looks as if someone’s ran over his puppy and then backed up for good measure, and Tony parks the humour in the situation to tease Steve with later.
Steve gasps. He has never seen the arc reactor like this, and for a second he can't do anything but gape at the glow of the bluest blue. It's breathtaking. As gorgeous and inventive as its wearer.
He could just take one from the table but he's particular about the temperature of his beer and after the day he's had he really wants to sit back and relax with a cold one.
The aliens do resemble a sad huddle of stragglers. Maybe Clint is right, but Steve doesn't want to open a portal for an invading army, even if it looks like dessert.
Everyone waits for Thor to announce what this great occasion might be, and Steve
"Okay then," Tony smiles, genuine and warm, and their lips meet just as the elevator announces Steve's reappearance with their lunch.
There's more non verbal communication going on between Steve and Tony that James doesn't understand, but which sparks a sliver of hope James might finally be released from this hell.
All the things he planned to say evaporate from his mind when Tony slowly blinks and smiles.
James smiles at the nickname, but turns sober and looks away. He doesn't like to hurt Tony, not even pretend-Tony.
He downs the last of his drink - this time it was whatever was nearest, not wanting to get off of Steve’s lap which happened to be Nat’s vodka - as he bends down to examine the bottom of the tower.
“If he
) is glaring at Tony.
, hand heavy on Tony’s shoulder.
"Hard to top this," he chuckles. He is warm and relaxed and content in a way he hasn't experienced ever since… well, ever, really.
Steve can’t make his mouth to properly form words anymore. All the blood in his body is now very firmly in his dick, and his verbal skills have left the building.
On the other, he kind of wishes he didn’t have to go through this whole song and dance with Obie, to face the day and the pressures being the CEO brought – recalcitrant board members, demanding government contracts. God, he just needs a damn break. Maybe some time to deal with the implications of what happened last night.
Whatever smart thing Steve might've come up with is moot when suddenly the Avengers alarm sounds and everyone jumps up.
"Come on, Bronco. Shake those hips, you know they don't lie," Tony teases, a fraction too late, and Steve turns red again.
"Where,"
“Or else you’d have known that we, as humans, have already done and pretty much continued to do just that to each other. I mean for generations my family has been involved in making weapons for the military - bombs to blow up cities, bullets that tear through people like paper, drones to hunt them down like dogs,” he says, gaining access to the core protocols of JARVIS and rebooting the surveillance system.
“Please don’t ever do that again, I give up, you win, you are the uncrowned king of horrible innuendo. Please, please, please, never again,” Tony pleads, but can’t keep a straight face even if he tries.
tell me everything you know about the demon that was unleashed here recently, to prevent catastrophe and save your mortal soul."
Steve barks a laugh and gets going again. He has been called a lot of things, but he might like this nickname best so far.
He curls a finger into the chain of Steve’s dog tags and pulls him in for a kiss. The tags clink against his reactor as Steve moves over him, a rhythmic sound that provides the backdrop to the slick sounds of Steve jerking them, the pants and moans and bitten off curses they both exchange.
“So it was you who summoned him by accident. You didn’t bind him, and when he realized this he destroyed the book, which would explain the energy spike. Out of gratitude or whatever he stayed, but now… What would I do if I…” As he trails off, the warrior stops right in front of Tony, using all 6 feet plus of his height to look down on him.
Although, this being in particular is fucking with Tony’s carefully crafted semblance of control by calling J, ‘mister’ and being all polite and damn. It says something that while most humans dismiss JARVIS as an advanced computer, this dude who probably doesn’t even
"Nope." Steve shakes his head and wants to take another swig of his drink, but finds his mug empty. "Thor?" He holds the mug out to his teammate, who takes it and only has to twist his torso a little to reach the little tap on the barrel.
so profound it could shake away the programming and help James escape.
"Working."
he burnt the book, there's no telling what he'll do and it's imperative that we find him soon…"
The screeching erupts even louder than before, and Steve holds his hands over his ears in agony. Immediately the aliens stop again, giving the impression they're waiting for his next move.
"Sure I'll come and look, but first say hi to Bucky, okay?"
Tony snorts before bursting into giggles at the absurdity of that statement, hiding his face in Steve’s neck. “Shut up,” he giggles, "
He barely manages to keep his eyes open enough to catch a glimpse of how beautiful Steve looks.
The boisterous voices from their planned get together get louder as Tony approaches the common room. JARVIS had informed him, as he made his way up from the lower levels of the Tower dedicated to SI, that the mild weather anomaly had been the arrival of Thor and not an unfriendly extraterrestrial presence.
"Hey you," Steve smiles and waves at the second bot, who chirps softly and rolls a little closer to Steve. "Done with your chore?" This elicits more exciting beeping, and Steve laughs.
"Your imagination?" Tony chuckles, pressing a kiss to James' forehead.
Steve kicks and thrashes with all his might in the man's arms. He's not even sure who's holding him back at this point, all he knows is that he needs to get to Bucky. He saw
He pulls back to smirk. "Got two words for ya. Serum enhanced refracterererery period."
When Tony swallows it's suddenly too much, and Steve comes for the second time. He wants to pull out, but Tony keeps latched on like a… like something that latches really tightly and Steve lets himself go, shuddering all through his orgasm. The way Tony
Asgardian mead, huh. And when Tony does look at the drink choices around the table, it seems as if Steve and Thor’s mugs are filled with the same type of liquor, a deep golden brown which seems to almost sparkle under the soft yellow lighting of the room.
He still doesn’t know whether he’s going to come out of this unscathed.
A cat and mouse game they have played for two and a half centuries. Steve was
“Sir?”
“Shall I deploy intruder protocols?”
His Pulchellus has given him the momentous gift of freedom -- and even more mind boggling: tenderness -- and James
Steve's hand finds Tony's without fail, and Tony squeezes it with more force.
"You think this is how the Aesir talk without their allspeak mojo?" Tony asks on a private channel, and again Steve has to keep a straight face.
Tony feels the last of his inhibitions fade away as he drifts into sleep, safe and secure in Steve’s arms.
Tall, Blond, and Handsome suddenly is, the way those blue eyes are boring into his soul, the weight of his warm,
Their eyes meet in the mirror of the elevator door and Tony's whole face scrunches up until he lets out a snicker and Steve loses it himself. The corners of his mouth quirk up, and he lets out a huff, making Tony actually
"Jarvis, random pool, please."
“And you didn’t find anything in the troubleshoot?” he whines in response. He was really hoping to just fucking kick back, have a glass of wine, a longass bath, and get some sleep. Towards the end of the day, the various aches and pains in his body had started making themselves known, and while it excited him to feel out the hand shaped bruises on his hips, the soreness in his ass was kind of an issue given he had to sit through meetings without squirming.
“All systems in the penthouse are fully operational with the exception of the cameras and microphones which experienced an outage since 3:45 in the afternoon.”
With a monumental force of will Tony manages to tear his gaze away from Steve and his whole… perfectness, to where the Roomba horde is busy cleaning up every surface, chattering amongst themselves. Ha! He knew it was smart to give them wall climbing properties.
"Can I clean you?" he asks, holding Tony close to his chest. He needs to care of Tony, but was afraid Tony would think that too old fashioned, and not in the quippy fun way. Tony admitting he doesn't like to feel dirty is perfect and Steve looks hopeful at Tony.
"Nah. Haven't been drunk since the night Bucky shipped out." Steve shakes his head, and to prove his point takes another big sip. It really tastes damn good. Heavy, but fruity and sweet at the same time. Unlike anything he's ever tasted on earth.
Steve's at work in his little studio and Tony quietly leans against the door frame to watch him. He's in the zone alright and it's a sight to behold. Covered in paint of different colours, Steve is painting long streaks across a large canvas, his ridiculous arm muscles flexing and stretching as he paints with sure movements. It's a skyline, the city as seen from Steve's lounge chair to be precise, and it's beautiful, but not nearly as much as the man painting it.
Tony shifts to face the guy squarely, “Provided you let me restore my AI back to his former self.” His voice is hardened and leaves no room for negotiation on this point.
The cubes manage to look contrite, but Steve is sure that's his imagination playing tricks on him.
"Just minding you is a day-to-day task," JARVIS chuckles, but Tony forgets to ground his wayward AI son when he rounds the corner to absolute mayhem.
Steve wants to keep watching, but he has to throw his head back in ecstasy when Tony starts bobbing up and down his cock. Tony's pulling out all the stops, and Steve feels like he's floating. It takes a superhuman force of will to keep his hand tangled gently in Tony's hair, to not grip tight and push his hips up further. He grips the sheets and moans out loud instead, as his climax creeps closer once again.
"Certainly, sir."
just suggest what he thinks he suggested?
Everything he thought to be true sent topsy turvy in one fell swoop. What makes an angel worthy? What makes a demon evil?
Nice enough to not struggle, but instead slump into the hug.
Tony grimaces at that, before he catches the sly look on Steve’s face. “Can’t you stop being a troll even now?” He asks with a snort of amusement, swatting Steve on his shoulder. “The
Tony waves at the corner of the workshop where a metal contraption is wearing a scarf and is waving with a football, next to one who is busy sorting screws.
Bucky was sold into slavery, not to some estate, but to Satan himself,
Tony fondly rolls his eyes. “Howard told me about that, you know.”
"Captain Rogers is experiencing some difficulties," is JARVIS' prim answer and Tony frowns. JARVIS knows Tony is absolutely no help in the kitchen whatsoever, so this must be something else.
Wow. Shirtless, dripping wet,
His weight is supported by his legs and Steve’s hand, and he pushes against the wall of the elevator to sloppily grind back against Steve.
“Anything?”
Steve nods, waiting for Tony's answer.
It takes Tony jostling the guy with his foot for him to look up and he hands over the mug before taking a seat next to him on the curved couch, leaving a good five feet between them.
play,” cutting a look at Clint who sticks out his tongue, “where we all go around saying something we haven’t done and whoever has done that thing has to take a sip of their drink. Or a shot.”
“I can do batter,” Steve grins and nuzzles Tony’s nose.
The little word hurts. It’s everything James wants and might’ve pretended for a while to have, but he can’t anymore.
Tony's attention is drawn to where a Roomba mopping the ceiling inadvertently doused the good Captain with soapy water -
“I like living on the edge,” Steve grins and licks the corner of Tony’s mouth and there goes Tony’s whole train of thought. His eyes close on their own volition and he’s
"The pleasure is mine, mister Jarvis. I hope I didn't offend."
Tony breathes a sigh of relief as the intruder and surveillance protocols are reinstated and JARVIS is back to full functioning. God help any other preternatural being that fucks with his AI.
"It's the light. And the cold," James says quickly, before his stupid brain makes some more stupid assumptions.
Tony suspects it's completely non-alcoholic and prepared under the supervision of Nat and/or Steve, it’s a toss up between them.
“Hell, I didn’t even know you lot existed until I read some Latin off some dumb book, I stole from my godfather’s bookcase by the way, when I was drunk. You wanna know where your precious Bucky is? Well, so do I cause the dude owes me for damages - both to the penthouse and my fucking sanity.”
“Dummy!” Steve greets the strut on wheels, and the thing comes trundling forwards, making happy beeping sounds.
At some point Steve looks up and not quite startles when he sees Tony. His face morphs from frowning in intense concentration into smiling widely, and it's like watching the clouds break open to reveal the sun - what is it about Steve that brings the poet out in Tony?
"Tones…"
Steve tries to pick up Tony bridal style, and while the weight isn’t any problem, it does throw him off balance, with the world already spinning like a merry go round. Just a little less merry. They lurch and wobble, until finally, Steve pulls Tony close to his chest to carry him like a koala.
“King huh? And what does that make you?” Steve grins, victorious.
“Are you serious? That’s the second phone in two days! Jesus fucki-” He cuts off abruptly when the tip of the sword digs in further.
It's too much. Tony's smell and touch and the promise of future times they will have sex. Steve was close ever since they entered the penthouse, but he thought he could at least hold out until they were both naked.
"Thank you, Thor," he nods. "You got that, Bruce? Open the portal."
There he is. Captain America. Steven Grant Rogers. Also known as the biggest pain in James' butt since his first shrill cry on this God forsaken planet.
Steve coughs again and hides his face by turning away to rummage for something behind the couch. Still as smooth as gravel, the punk.
None of that matters. Usual one-night-stand protocols apply. With slightly more property destruction than he’s used to.
Steve used to be a little envious of their relationship, thinking he would never have that in this new age. Now he pulls Tony closer, and before thinking about it, pulls him into his lap.
Bruce scoffs, “There’s no way I’m drinking unknown alien space booze and risking a Code Green.”
? Would he even
Steve studies the board. It's getting more difficult the longer they play, and Tony's ‘pail’ didn't help him one whit.
That's awfully nice.
He smiles wistfully as a memory of him and Bucky playing hide and seek on the Barnes' farm resurfaces.
Thor salutes Tony, before downing his cup in one go, and he refills Steve's when he pours himself another one. Steve lost track of how many he's had now. Can't be more than two. Or three?
“I gathered Clinton has had his 100th brush with death today, but escaped her evil clutches once again!”
“I thought I flattened you,” he snickers, and kisses Tony’s cheek. Or at least he tries to kiss Tony’s cheek, but his aim is off and he ends up squishing his lips against Tony’s nose.
what a computer is, is talking to him like a person.
“There are power cords on its back, follow them down,” Iron Man tells Thor over the comms, and Steve’s heart all but stops when he sees what Tony’s plan is. He knows the man by now, knows he will do
’," Tony makes the actual motion with his fingers, "and he
"Trees
Everyone is silent for a moment, before bursting out in laughter, with Thor clearly audible above everyone else.
He's perplexed.
He moves lower and lower, worshiping him with his lips and tongue until he reaches that sexy Adonis’ belt he’s had wet dreams about.
His date is always late. His average late time is thirty one minutes and ten seconds. Once he was on time, but that was because they arrived together. Once he was late almost two hours, but Steve had gotten no less than three sympathy drinks out of it and James saw the waitress had been severely disappointed when Steve's date finally showed up.
The recently repainted walls are dripping with three kinds of chocolate batter; the floor is littered with the cute little sugar hearts Tony would've jauntily sprinkled on top of the cake; what should have been edible rose petals is still a sad blob of pink/white/red streaked marzipan, also on the floor.
Steve’s answering smile is even brighter than the one before, and as Steve loses himself in talking about his painting, Tony loses himself in watching Steve.
The lock and alarm system disengages as Tony enters through the front door, manually looking through J’s logs regarding the integration between him and the Beta version from the day, his AI’s voice in his ear through the bluetooth.
Suddenly he tenses up.
"This was the hottest thing? How about
Both Steve and Tony look up to stare at him, and James recognises something similar in their gazes, which he resolutely ignores.
Steve thanks the nurse and rolls the one stool in the room next to the bed, and ignores her when she tells him she’ll collect him after fifteen minutes. All his attention is focussed on Tony, and on not breaking out in tears again.
"Yup." Steve pops the ‘p’ as he remembers the free lying
Tony gasps at the sudden derobing, fingers digging into Steve’s shoulder as he bucks his hips in response to Steve’s hands on his ass.
"One day you'll tell us what
"Congratulations, you three," Natalia says, looking genuinely pleased -- an expression foreign enough to cement James' hallucination theory, until he notices Clint handing over money to Bruce.
to scratch a century old itch. But why wouldn’t he, if he could? Tony was drunk and stupid and easy pickings.
“I say mostly unharmed because your boy likes to leave marks.”
He’d been frozen as he engaged in recrimination with himself only to snap out of it when he’d actually taken in the sight of the being in front of him. He’d expected smugness or triumph but there wasn’t even a shred of that heavenly wrath he’d embodied so well when Tony had first met him. No, this was the face of a man watching his life fall apart in front of him.
To the side Jarvis puts up a holo display to show "who will be pitted against who, in this deadly game of concentration and wood."
It just can't be. It can't. It can't and it's not!
“Can I dip my breadstick in your fondue?” Steve snickers against the skin of Tony’s neck and they both erupt in laughter, holding each other up.
They don't know they are dating. They're clueless. Of all the blind stupidity James has encountered in the century he walked this unholy earth, this ranks in the top ten. Top three even.
Lost in thought, he almost doesn’t notice the passage of time and fishes out the teabags to prevent oversteeping. Nothing worse than bitter tea.
Steve barks a laugh. Every time Clint tells it, the story gets more and more exaggerated, and he suspects they maybe never even went to Budapest at all.
I brought already.” And yep, Thor’s definitely teasing them.
"Portal is opening above Springfield," J.A.R.V.I.S. tells them as they troop out of the common area towards the quinjet hangar bay.
Steve chokes out, just as Nat hands Bruce a wad of cash she hid who knows where.
Tea had been a staple in Jarvis’ routine to bring Tony out of his head, to soothe the aches his father’s words or mother’s absences left, to communicate his support when Tony felt adrift and bowed down by the demands of his name and genius. As he grew up, after Ana was gone, after Jarvis retired to his cottage, after he passed away in his sleep with Ana’s locket in his hand, after his parents, Tony still from time to time put the kettle on and longed for simpler times.
“Are you scared you might not have as much experience as you think you do?”
Tony’s breath seizes up at the feeling of the pointy end of the sword digging in under his sword. It holds his head at an upturned angle looking into the blond’s bright blue eyes.
Tony’s more used to hearing,
Steve really, really wants to be careful, but he also really wants to tear all the clothes off Tony as fast as superhumanly possible, so he compromises. He holds up Tony with one hand, and rips his own shirt off, the expensive fabric tearing like tissue paper off his shoulders.
He shakes his head, and pushes against Steve’s chest to sit up.
"J, what gives?" Tony leans his ear against the door to try and listen to what's going on inside, despite knowing he made the whole of this floor soundproof.
Tony feels like he’s intruding, on what he has no idea but it’s something so
"Creatures bound like that work under a compulsion. It means the words are needed to control them.
___________________________
They’re both so close and as they approach the peak of their pleasure their words turn to gasps, breathy exchanges between their open mouths as their foreheads rest against each other, their bodies intertwined, unable to tell where one begins and the other ends.
. It’s probably just heartburn. The way too much alcohol and not enough food kinds. Not… anything else with heart in the beginning and a different b word at the end. Something that rhymes with fake.
for sure, can he?
They straighten when the elevator dings its arrival on the common floor, soft chuckles dying away.
“Sorry, Anthony, as hardy as you are, unless you’re actually made of iron I cannot give you this Asgardian drink. Especially not Fólkvangr’s mead.”
For a second Tony falls quiet as well, but then they double over again, laughing so hard Steve has difficulty breathing.
is cut short with a whelp when Thor claps his massive hand on Clint's shoulder in a show of good natured camaraderie.
Coulson turns to regard them with his trademark agreeable smile and shakes his head. "Negative, Captain. There's no pattern to their entry, and apart from causing damage to the ears, the beings haven't acted hostile."
"I wouldn't presume to understand anything you're thinking. Sir."
"Friend Steven,
against Tony’s hair.
Tony pulls off Steve’s cock, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, “Told you I’d make you see stars,” he teases.
After pulling Steven Grant Rogers from the murky depths of the Potomac, James' brain resembled something like scrambled eggs. He could barely tell up from down, and his nightmares played out in several different languages. There was no
Steve swallows thickly to reign in his anger and push back the images that accost him, of all the victims he has failed to save.
Steve can't say he's very interested in the game anymore, not with Tony sitting on his unmentionables. Almost sitting on. Brushing against. He knows he'll get drawn in as soon as it's his turn, but for now he's more than content to focus on pulling Tony just a
"They must've known," he mutters to himself, this fact too big to hold in the privacy of his head. Any way he looks at it, he comes to the same conclusion: They knew who Bucky was. They couldn't have not known. They knew who Bucky was, and specifically elevated Steve for the purpose of hunting his own best friend.
Noted. Graphic allusions to torture are detrimental to mission success.
Tony hasn't been here since he designed the suite, and steps in curious to see how it looks now. He gave his teammates unlimited access to funds and resources to shape their little home away from home. (Not that any of them has somewhere to be apart from a dormitory in Fury’s hospice of wayward spies and soldiers. Except for Thor of course, who has
The faceplate flips open to reveal Tony’s beautiful face, his eyes locking onto Steve’s without fail.
They don’t need words anymore. They all exude the same worry, for their teammate, for each other. They don’t like to see the others in pain, but they have learned not to hide their own: they’re family, they share.
consequences. He feels a hint of hardness underneath his thighs when he sits back to watch Nat obliterate Thor, her nimble fingers giving her an unfair advantage but no one’s going to bring that up.
“Jarvis warned us immediately when your phone was hijacked,” Tony continues, looking just as contrite. “You’re never going out with any other tech than mine, you hear?”
“Captain Rogers, you’re allowed to see him if you want?”
But it's too much. He's vulnerable now like he wasn't before. The first words stripped him of his inhibitions -- or maybe it's the relief none more are coming -- and he sobs and sobs as Steve holds him tight.
“Maybe not on the sidewalk, boys?” Natalia reminds them pleasantly, and it shakes Steve awake. He ever so carefully helps James to his feet, and doesn’t let go once James is standing, instead escorting him to the waiting quinjet. Tony slots against James’ other side, and they don’t let go of him once inside. Nor when they get to the tower. Nor when they enter Tony’s penthouse apartment.
"SHIELD BROTHERS! And sister, of course,” Thor adds with a deferential nod at Natasha.
"Chatter," he says, when Bruce interrupts.
Steve feels his face get wet behind his hands, but still he's unable to stop his thoughts, faster and faster they go.
She said
“I told you my name, but I still don’t know who you are,” he says softly, instead of answering. He has the feeling the kid wants to be good, Steve saw a sliver of that when the kid’s armour cracked just now. He wants to be good, but has been damaged so badly already the only option seems to fight and hurt others.
“Everyone.” Nat pulls a bottle of vodka from under the couch to refill her glass, and at Clint’s puppy eyes she pours him a tiny bit as well. He keeps on pouting, until she leans into him to whisper something into his ear that makes him grin widely.
“You - they sent you for him but you don’t have to hunt him, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. You say he’s your friend, so you can stop him from - whatever it is he wants to do
"Okay. Well. Since he has a standing invitation to enter the workshop, when I'm ‘
He's got an ace up his sleeve, though. "Twice," he adds, surging forward again to press his lips against Tony's and rub his cock against Tony's hips.
"Usually there's music as well," Steve offers, and James is briefly struck by how well he seems to understand.
Tony looks up to see Steve managed to put the flowers down on a relatively chocolate free space - the floor near the elevator - and is standing next to Tony with that huge, goofy grin of his that spells trouble with a capital T.
“Hey, Rhodeybear...”
As the toe-curling feeling recedes, he slowly collapses back onto the mattress, limbs loose and a dumb sated smile on his face. He sees Steve above him, sweaty and panting and he can’t help but pull him into another kiss.
Steve moans when he pulls back. “You can’t… you can’t just say stuff like that,” he adds with a grin, feeling giddy and horny, and like he’s young and they don’t have a care in the world. That’s what Tony does to him, always.
anymore because blondie here just called him
"Stevie," he croaks, half surprised he still can. "Not safe..."
possibility with the way the dude (
face.
"boss?"
"I love you," Steve says without preamble, because there is no need for it. They nearly lost this, and he's not gonna waste another second of his happily ever after.
Steve smiles when Clint's rendition of
"Some Shakira, please, Jarvis," Tony grins and Steve shakes his head with an amused eye roll as he gives up on his pretense behind the couch and takes a seat again.
to be saved? What if he likes being a demon? How do we know that there’s something worth saving other than your history, other than him leaving me unharmed - mostly, unharmed-  this morning?” Tony gesticulates more, his speech growing more rapid with every word.
"No teams for this one," Clint says, leaning forward. "How would you feel about a little…
Guess guilt is universal.
If he were younger - or drunker- he would have abandoned the game to turn himself around and start making out with the extremely hot man he’s sitting on,
Until Steve scoops up some foam from his chest -
His hands stutter on the panel where he’s been getting the systems back up and running and he has a sudden urge to reassure the guy, this ancient ethereal warrior who looks - damn, he looks like Tony does sometimes in the mirror.
Steve sits up straight, ready to defend Bucky -- who
"I'm so sorry, Tony," he adds, crestfallen. "I tempororo… temporari… tempe…"
from doing whatever you think he might do? How can I trust you?”
"I'm done playing," he states, and quickly leaves the workshop before anyone can stop him, ignoring
"If you say so," Steve shrugs and regretfully backs away. But he's still grinning and Tony is mesmerized by it.
At this moment though, Steve is sitting at a table that's too small to house his long legs --
Steve… Steve croons. He actually croons and Tony is pretty sure he'll wake up from this dream/hallucination/death -
He's not entirely sure what time it is, but JARVIS assured him Steve is awake and expecting Tony, which makes this visit even more legitimate.
Steve then turns back to Tony and advances.
Anyone thinking James' mission -- everyone politely ignores James' outburst on the roof -- is easier now that he's living in close proximity, is sorely mistaken.
. He cups Steve’s face, kissing him fiercely, pushing into the kiss all his insurmountable feelings for him.
There’s no use in the charade and Tony’s a bit too tired to even try to play the double-speak game right now - not that the dude would appreciate that much. He’s too straightlaced for that, cutting to the point like maybe his sword would cut through Tony too if he doesn’t give him the answers he wants. But if that is in fact what he has to look forward to, he’s going to at least bring his youngest creation back to his former self.
"They told me they needed me." Steve says and wipes a hand over his face. He can't bear anymore to stay alone with his thoughts, needs someone to distract him.
There have been other times where he had the opportunity to disappear. The recollections are vague, they'd done their best to erase them, erase all that amounted to him being
"Fine."
Steve has to admit that he doesn't know anymore who's
“Hey,” Steve smiles, and absentmindedly wipes more paint onto his face when he combs his bangs to the side. “You’ve been here long?”
At that word, Tony’s stupid heart flutters and he glances over to Steve, his smile softening as his
“There, now we match.”
They sent Steve out to hunt Bucky and put him down like a mangy dog. To be his best friend's executioner, no judge required. Never did they discuss how Steve could capture Bucky and bring him back to the light. Not once.
“Fuuuuck, Steve!” Tony cries out, gripping his bicep, feeling the muscle move underneath his palm with every movement of Steve’s hand, “Jus’ like that, baby, feels good.”
“Hey, easy, soldier,” he replies, placing a hand on the broad, tense shoulder in front of him, softer than he would have if the traitorous second thought hadn’t come into his head. Or maybe not because he can justify that he’s just trying to match the guy’s energy - the soft, understanding tone that he was using on Tony. Which totally didn’t affect Tony one bit. No siree.
Tony sighs, “It’s… a game
“Yeah, no, I’m gonna veto that one. Seriously, I don’t need the Forest authorities up my ass too about you two uprooting trees to play a
"Ssh." Steve wipes tears from James' cheek he never realised he'd shed, with a tenderness that breaks James' heart again.
, except apparently a kid from the Midwest who was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
With every new word James feels like he's losing part of himself. Every lousy inch he painstakingly recovered is threatened to blow away like soot after a fire, and there's nothing he can do. All that awaits is
James feels Steve grin, and on the other roof Tony barks a laugh. "I like him…"
lucky man,” the doctor starts, and they let out a collective breath.
“I - I don’t know what you want from me,” Tony says and he wants it to come out dismissive but some wires must get crossed somewhere cause he sounds
The kid's got spunk, Steve has to give him that, though he doesn't care for the attitude at all. He wonders what the lad faces on a regular basis to try and threaten someone easily a head taller and with a broad sword on his back. Steve's almost sure the boy knows about the summoning, and decides to cut through the chase. Every second dawdling here can endanger an innocent's soul.
this relationship between them is so new that they rarely if ever are so openly affectionate in front of others, even if those others are their teammates.
Tony swallows his words, a fresh wave of guilt coursing through him at the thought that he was sympathising with a demon that’s probably laid waste to cities, that Tony was the one to set him free. Should Tony even encourage this kind of merciful crap? How many more deaths are going to be on his hands? However Bucky might’ve been with him, does that erase the decades of bloodshed following his trail?
, that’s just tired, and that doesn’t care at this point.
"Are you okay?" He looks Tony over.
"It could've happened to anyone?"
Tony moans, arching up at the first real touch to his cock since the night began, his legs draping over Steve’s thighs. Steve’s hand is large, warm, and smoother than expected due to the working of the serum; it’s perfect.
“Fuck!” Tony moans, unwinding his arms from around Steve’s neck as his hands undertake a mission of their own, trying to map out every inch of the newly revealed skin.
James nods. "The tools. They used them on all parts," he adds to clarify, and waves his hand to encompass his whole body.
steps through the door. It must be the homeowner's son, and Steve is prepared to be gentle with him – sins of your fathers aren't transferable, no matter what Gabriel says – until the kid has the gall to try and bully Steve.
“I saw,” Tony smiles and gets up from his spot near the door to get a closer look. “Tell me about it?”
Tony barely stifles a very, very embarrassing squeak at the sudden shift in altitude and stabilises himself by wrapping an arm around Steve which puts their faces right next to each other. His heartbeat has quickened, both from surprise and the position he’s found himself in.
expecting me, I believe I can enter and wait him out. Right? Right."
James nods, because it seems that’s what Tony is waiting for. Tony’s answering smile is as pretty as the sun.
“Sir, my systems indicate a large heat source in the room.”
“Hey, hon,” He says, bending down to kiss Steve’s cheek before taking a seat next to him, careful not to jostle his beer.
“He was here, you saw that, he’s - he’s okay. You didn’t - he wasn’t hurt when he was here. And he left of his own volition.” and yeah, that stings like the fresh wound it is as much as it did when he woke up this morning to an empty bed and god, was it only just this morning?
"That's the most morbid way to describe Jenga I've ever heard," Bruce chuckles, and Steve blinks. Did he just say that out loud?
-----
Steve takes the two steps that separate them and pulls Tony into a gentle but firm hug.
In any case, there’s tea to be made because if Tony doesn’t keep moving, doesn’t keep running through these subroutines as a way to comfort himself and maybe, maybe provide some comfort to someone else, then he’s gonna fall apart.
Realising that the aforementioned warrior is waiting on his response, Tony clears his throat and throws his arms out expansively, “Tony Stark, at your service. Surprising you don’t know who I am seeing as you’re standing in the middle of my penthouse. And do you go by something that’s not as much of a mouthful cause that’s gonna get old soon, buddy. I mean you got the look down,” He adds, indicating the casual wear the dude’s wearing, albeit asynchronous with the sword, “but how about a more normal name like Paul or John or Ringo.”
"But who would've expected..!"
Just six months since the Chitauri invasion, but already they run like a well oiled machine, and Steve feels a large sense of pride for his team.
He has no idea what to make of it. The energy spike unnerves him, but someone needs to deal with it, and fast.
"It seems Captain Rogers is indisposed after all, Sir, I'm sorry."
“Now that’s a cheque I’d like to cash!” Tony giggles with him, squeezing Steve’s firm left pectoral.
The knocks come again, this time accompanied by an exasperated call of his name, and damn, does the loud noise hurt his head. Grumbling in annoyance, he unlatches the door and swings it open.
“There’s still hope, Steve,” Nat coaxes him gently, her small arms holding up his bulk, and he nods. He takes a deep breath, and then another, and through sheer force of will straightens and walks with Nat to where a helicopter is waiting for them.
leaps through the air and jumps onto Tony, but Steve can't bear to watch anymore.
And it really doesn't matter.
What has he even gotten himself into?
The city has changed a lot since he last came here. Everything is fast now. Loud. Buildings look designed to try and reach our heavenly Father; huge expanses of glass mirroring the midday sky.
First one down.
Let Bucky take his immortal soul or whatever, he had more immediate concerns like the fact that the camera mounted on his penthouse door was apparently working just fine despite the fact that it was on the same sub-system as the ones inside.
They're too big together, even for his hands, but still it feels like the most perfect thing as he starts to slide his hand up and down.
Bottom.
"Really, Tony? You're gonna make me your princess?" Steve asks, and tries to keep a straight face, but fails miserably because his mouth insists on staying in this goofy grin.
He likes the weight of Tony on top of him, now that the world is only slightly wobbling instead of outright spinning. It wouldn’t be a hardship to stay like this all night. Or year.
Steve straightens and sheaths τιμή on his back.
"If you say so, sir. Systems are fully back online, Home Alone protocols reinstated. It's a pleasure to meet you, mister Polemistés."
James has trouble deciphering Tony's look as he shrugs his confirmation.
“Sir?” JARVIS’ voice breaks through and Tony spares a thought for how his baby is grown cause he sounds so hesitant. As if he’s as out of his depth as Tony is. “I apologise, I didn’t anticipate such a strong reaction. I only meant to give the creature what he wished so he would leave.”
