"Mmm," John hummed in agreement, "subspace eliminates the gag reflex entirely, and an Alpha's knot only expands in the space that's available so neither party gets injured... I obviously couldn't take your full knot, you'd break my jaw, but I can definitely take a decent-sized one... And yes, you can display me as much as you like when we go to the club," he finished, smiling almost shyly at his mate. "And yeah,
John eagerly kissed him back, his mate's soft lips and gentle hands soothing him. "Never... Mmmm, yours... your babies," he purred, the Beta's touch erased, his inner Omega content again. "My strong, perfect Alpha... I know you'll keep everyone away from me, you'll be so
Sherlock's eyes widened a fraction in surprise as his name came tumbling from John's mouth over and over again, his Omega suddenly eager and needy, no longer sleepy but energetic and pleading. His hand splayed wide over John's belly, rubbing the taut skin more fervently as John cried out his name. He stroked his mate's cock faster, pressed longer, sweeter kisses to his neck as he noticed John's tears, lips closing over the bondbite as his Omega screamed. With every groan of his name, the Alpha felt his release building, but John's writhing tore it from him in a flash; he came with a soft cry against the mark, still rocking with John, milking both their orgasms as he emptied himself inside his mate. "Love you," he murmured reverently as they slowed, wiping his hand on the sheets before soothingly brushing away his mate's tears, "I love you so much."
The majority of the Alphas in the lounge began to prepare to move to the suites as the screens switched back to their previous display, blending seamlessly into the panelling of the walls.
sentiment, not unless it involved John. He looked to his partner. John gazed back at him with a gentle, encouraging smile - and the Alpha couldn't help but answer with a small, honest one of his own, some of the tension visibly draining from his form. He took a breath, holding John's gaze. "Merry Christmas," he finished softly.
"I said, 'I've taken care of everything,'" Sherlock said, his eyebrows raised in mild interest, "And would you like something to tide you over before our guests arrive? You ate quite a lot at breakfast this morning, but considering our recent exertions, I wouldn't be surprised if you were hungry again." He helped John into a chair and placed a sandwich on the plate in front of the Omega expectantly, not waiting for an answer. There were still dishes to be tended to, he thought, as he began to move expertly about the kitchen. Savoury aromas filled the air as he lifted the lid of each pot on the stove in turn, carefully stirring the contents of some while humming in satisfaction at others. The last was the cranberry sauce, which he'd left to the pressure cooker. Sherlock felt something niggling in the back of his brain, a curious misgiving, as he reached for the lid.
Sherlock smiled, accepting another soft kiss and a hug from his mother, and wished the others a "Merry Christmas." The pack departed quietly, the Omegas and Mycroft lingering only a little longer to finish cleaning the kitchen and box the leftovers before returning to spend a quiet evening at their own home.
Instantly John slammed his hips down hard on the toy, throwing his head back and coming with a loud, broken wail. His little cock spurted into the water, his hole clenched rhythmically around the toy and his whole body jerked with each new wave of pleasure; hearing his Alpha call him
There was a loud clang as metal hit metal once more, with a force unprecedented. Unprepared for the block, the older Alpha roared in rage and shock. His blade vibrated down to the very hilt, weakening the strong grip of the elder. Following through the strike, Mycroft's sword easily knocked the weapon from his opponent's hand. Siger's blade skittered across the marble floor with a weak clatter, coming to rest at his youngest son's knees.
"Servant," he snapped after several minutes, calling the club Omega from the other room. The man waddled hastily to the bed, clutching his full belly to steady it. "I want you to bring a small feast for my Omega. The richest dishes this club has to offer." He stroked John's hair lovingly, purring as he looked down at his pliant mate with pride. "I'm going to stuff him so full that he swells even more. I don't doubt you know the proper dishes for that." With a meaningful look at the man, he dismissed him, returning to his tender affections for his newly-dropped Omega. He needed to care for John now, to reassure John he approved of him and this condition so that his mate would remain comfortable.
Sherlock! Oh god... I'm going to... I'm going to - ahh! Oh god..." John rocked his hips enthusiastically, encouraging his Alpha to take him deeper. It didn't take long for him to come with a shout of his mate's name and an obscene moan, thin semen spurting onto his gravid belly. He groaned appreciatively as Sherlock rubbed the bump more eagerly, touching every inch of the stretched flesh, tracing the blooming pink marks. "Come in me, my Alpha, fill me even more, let me hear you," he begged wantonly, arching and rubbing his perky breasts, lightly pinching his nipples as he approached his second climax, panting and giving breathy little cries of pleasure as Sherlock pounded into him roughly.
Mycroft purred and flexed his arms, turning them to admire the gifts from every angle, feeling how the armband fitted just a little more snugly when he tightened his biceps. "Thank you," he said, looking at his pack gathered before him, "they are both exquisite. I am... extremely touched, and I hope to continue to prove myself worthy of you."
..." John was bouncing faster now, grunting and whining in pleasure as the Alpha's huge cock rubbed against his sweet spot, pushing him higher and higher towards his peak.
Breaking into a warm, confident smile Mycroft nodded and gently nudged Sherlock out of his lap, rising to his feet as he stripped off his waistcoat and shirt to allow the armband to be fitted without being hindered by his clothes. Proud and naked from the waist up he was quite a sight; a neat thatch of hair spread across his chest and trailed towards his navel, his form marred only by the deeper scratches from his fight with Siger. The wound on his neck had healed with barely a trace, but the one on his arm had required stitches and had left a long, almost silver scar, right above where his armband would go. He held out his left arm, nodding at Sherlock to give him the honour of placing the armband on him.
Sherlock purred and gave an affectionate lick to the shell of his mate's ear. The Alpha pressed up close against his mate's soft form, resting his forehead in John's sandy hair and draping his arm over the Omega's on John's middle. Exhausted from the heat and aiding John through such a long birth, Sherlock began to doze. When he woke again, he was completely lucid. Groggily, the Alpha rose from his mate's side; he'd slipped out of John sometime during his nap, and frowned when he noticed his seed drying on the back of the Omega's thighs. Dried semen was obvious on the sheets, as well - the condom must have broken. Outside John, from the look of it. Sherlock wrinkled his nose as he was met with the smell of sweat and birth and soiled sheets. There was something else, too, but he couldn't yet put his finger on it. The Alpha sighed; it was best he clean everything up before John woke. He began to carefully strip the bed, rolling the sleeping John whenever he needed to remove a sheet below him. He'd placed the soiled nesting blankets by the door to be taken by Mrs Hudson and his family, in exchange for a large washbasin full of warm water. His mother and Catherine had peeked their heads through the doorway curiously, Beatrice purring with delight at the scents of a successful birth before Sherlock lovingly shooed them both away; it would be time for family in the nest soon enough.
, I-" With a choked groan, the Alpha suddenly climaxed, releasing thick, hot ribbons of semen over John's exposed belly and breasts. He worked himself furiously, expelling every last drop of cum, and then wasted no time taking advantage of his renewed touching privileges. With one hand, Sherlock worked John's massive belly, and with the other, he roughly massaged a full teat, rubbing his seed into the skin.
John gasped softly in surprise as Sherlock revealed it was the exact blanket he'd coveted, grinning and nuzzling his mate in thanks. He leant against Sherlock as he opened the next gift, pleased by the squashy texture, and his breath hitched as the jumpers came into view - creamy cable-knits, ones he'd be able to wear as he grew. His hands trembled slightly and his eyes grew wet as he thought of how upset he'd been that his body would change out of all recognition, despite how much he loved the pups and his Alpha; Sherlock had provided him with something that would give him a point of constancy, he'd still look like himself instead of simply an enormously pregnant Omega. He burst into happy, noisy tears and pushed against Sherlock, hiding his face in his Alpha's neck as he sobbed and rubbed his mate's chest submissively, gripping the jumpers tightly with his free hand.
John purred submissively to encourage his Alpha, slicking Sherlock's thick shaft with his precome and pumping him a little faster. "That's right, Alpha... all yours... mmm, look at you, so big and hard for me... I love touching you like this, feeling your gorgeous Alpha cock that filled me up with your come... and you love filling me up, don't you? You love feeling that rush of your seed deep into my tight wet hole... Mmm, and
Lestrade finally cottoned on, Mycroft's apparently odd behaviour suddenly making sense; the ginger Alpha was seated in an armchair and it would have been full courting behaviour if he'd gone to her now. But the Inspector was next to her, and he thought to himself
"All sorted," Lestrade said cheerfully. "Are you two alright now?" He looked at them fondly, paternally, visibly relaxed to see them nesting, scented and safe.
" he breathed, coming deep inside his mate, giving a long, low moan of ecstasy as John's breasts and belly were displayed fully before him. He continued to rock, milking both their pleasures, unable to stop as he sent them both careening into a third orgasm that seemed only an extension and amplification of the second. The Alpha cried out as his knot swelled larger, clutching at his mate's swollen belly in white, heady bliss, as he filled John again.
Mycroft purred gently, an authoritative rumble that reminded everyone he was the pack Alpha; John felt himself relax minutely at the security even as the Alpha disappeared back into the kitchen. John smiled at Sherlock's confession, leaning against his shoulder with a happy sigh. Remington slipped through to the kitchen to help Mycroft and soon the adults of the pack were all eating the delicious, crispy pancakes topped with delicious ripe strawberries and thick, fresh cream. John didn't ask how Mycroft had obtained perfectly ripe strawberries in the middle of winter. The food was perfect, warm and rich and satisfying, and the pack couldn't help but be impressed. "Thank you, Mycroft, that was delicious," John sighed, surrendering his plate as Remington collected them.
"Better than last time," Sherlock smirked, "Or do you miss your bedpan? I can fetch it if you like." He smiled as Catherine chose that moment to enter with a tray of warm, gooey chocolate chip cookies, straight from the cooling rack. There was a good reason John was growing astoundingly plump. Sherlock requested treats from Beatrice and Catherine on a regular basis, and the two older Omegas were happy to oblige, all too willing to conspire to fatten up the expectant pack member; a large, content Omega meant large, healthy pups. In addition to the decadent meals Sherlock made or bought for his partner on a regular basis, and the ever-increasing weight of the overlarge triplets, the homemade treats had helped John to pack on the pounds.
"John," Sherlock breathed, returning to kissing his lips, his cheeks, his nose, his forehead - everywhere he could manage. He couldn't be bothered to get up all of a sudden, to get ready for their guests. He couldn't even be bothered to look at the clock. John was beneath him, and he was in John, and soon there would be new people in their home who would need to know who belonged to whom. His mind was already clouding again with desire and an insistent drive to take his mate again, so their guests would know. He moved his hips with John's, encouraging the Omega's pleasure.
"On your side," Mycroft growled, too far gone for niceties. In one fluid movement he rose and surged onto the bed behind his Omega, spooning up behind her. He yanked his zip down and pulled out his pulsing erection, flexing his hips to press the head of his cock to her velvet wet core. "Do you feel that, my darling?" he growled, "can you feel what you do to me?" Without waiting for a response, he began to ease himself inside his Omega, taking it slowly so that she would feel every inch of him. He propped himself up on one elbow, and used his other arm to hitch Persephone's leg up a little further; in this position he could help her keep her leg raised and splay his hand possessively across his mate's full belly. "Mine," he rumbled as instinct began to suck him under. "My pups. My mate." Persephone cried out breathily at being impaled on her Alpha's enormous cock, the girth of it making her feel deliciously trapped. "Y-yes Myc,"she stuttered, beginning to lose herself as well when Mycroft began to thrust.
As they pulled up to the house, Sherlock thought that the exterior looked just as good as - if not better than - the photo, the sandstone framed beautifully by the vibrant green of the Heath. The front garden was small, landscaped prettily but haphazardly, shrubs and wildflowers of all hues surrounding the dwelling, giving it a cheerful air, He kept his arm firmly around John when they got out of the cab, approaching the waiting Beta real-estate agent with a look of distaste; the woman gave a faltering smile, knowing to let the Alpha approach her, rather than to make an advance and be seen as a threat to the obviously gravid Omega he had claimed. Sherlock's hand splayed over his mate's belly regardless; after the events of the previous day, instinct dictated that he could not be too careful in protecting his Omega.
John opened his eyes and gasped sharply, clutching Sherlock's arm for support. "Sher- this is..." he managed, his voice full of wonder, but further speech was beyond him; he could hardly believe his eyes, the scene before him was such an idyllic Christmas that sang of
John shuddered at his words. "We have to think potential, and we have to think long-term. We're choosing a family home for twenty-five or thirty years, it needs to be the
John purred happily and crawled forward to rub himself catlike against the Alpha's chest. "Collar is perfect," he murmured stupidly, "means I'm yours. Means you'll take care of me, provide for me and our pups. Don't need anything else. Besides... hat's the only one we can't share. You'll see." He rubbed his cheek firmly over Sherlock's smooth torso, lapping at his scent and growing a little tipsy on it, his purring growing louder and deeper. "Open," he demanded, nudging the remaining packages with his knee as he tried to squirm his way into Sherlock's lap, so the Alpha could hold him and pet him as he opened the remaining gifts.
Sherlock was grateful for the interruption of Mrs. Hudson, suddenly feeling a little lost in the absence of John's usual social guidance and graces. First formalities exchanged, he had little idea of where to lead a "normal" conversation next. But this was
John leaned forward and kissed him gently, hushing him. "There, all clean," he soothed. "I'm fine with having such a busy day... Might as well get as much done as possible while I can still move freely," he smiled, running the washcloth over himself gently, only putting up a token protest when Sherlock grabbed it and began to wash him himself. "Mmm... When do you want to tell Mycroft? I suppose we could have him round tonight... It’s not like he's got a social life," he sniggered. "I meant what I said... About letting you parade me naked in front of him," he said softly. "I don't mind being naked here, in our home. And it'll
A small, niggling feeling in the back of his mind reminded Sherlock he was supposed to roll on a condom before lying with his mate, but the Alpha hesitated. His Omega had just given him an incredible litter of thirteen; why not breed him again? He growled low in his throat. He could have his mate swollen with another litter in no time, his belly already big and round by the time the pups were hardly three months old. To see his Omega waddling again, so heavily pregnant while taking care of his litter of thirteen already... His mate was so fertile yet. They had a pack with enough adults to help care for their pups. The Alpha was not struggling to provide. There was no reason he shouldn't fill the Omega again.
John purred in agreement, spreading his legs wide to give his mate an unhindered view. He crooned softly to Felix and Viola as they suckled, his milk making them sleepy just as it had with their siblings. They would sleep for hours after this, a defence mechanism built in to allow their parents to re-secure the nest against predators after the long hibernation of labour. As he lay them down with the other ten babies, Blake and Arthur began to stir, coming out of their milk-induced sleep, and John lifted them to his breasts gladly, rocking slightly as he held them, felt their little mouths latch on to his nipples and drink from him. It felt different than when Sherlock did it; it felt good, but not sexual - perhaps very slightly erotic, to feel the pups his mate had filled him with nursing at his teats. He shuffled his pelvis forward slightly, ready for the last baby to work its way out of him, and moaned low in his throat as the pup began to descend. He keened and groaned as he pushed, his belly visibly shrinking as the pup left his womb and entered the birth canal, making his perineum warp and bulge as it grew closer to crowning. John closed his eyes and arched, luxuriating in the feeling of Sherlock's pup sitting heavily in him, ready to be pushed out into its father's hands, and took a deep breath as he pushed again with the next contraction. His hole widened and parted around a head of light hair, stretching around it almost in slow motion, and then the contraction was over and he had to stop. He panted, shallow little breaths, stuck like that with a pup stretching him to his limit, crowning. With the next contraction he grunted and strained, forcing it out a little further; it took another seven pushes, the birth happening almost in slow motion, as if John's body was reluctant to let the pup go.
The Alpha's pupils dilated wider. John had birthed twice the size of a normal litter, and was still swollen, his belly bulging and heavy with a set of triplets yet to birth, his breasts enormous with the milk that was currently feeding two of his pups, the Omega's thighs dirty and slick with amniotic fluid. John's body shone with sweat, accentuating his fullness, and Sherlock purred. He'd have his cock in his mate like this, if he could, but he was just as pleased to be able to rut against his mate. The Alpha lay down behind his mate, swinging a leg over and lightly mounting him. He pushed his pleasure through their bond as he rubbed his enormous erection against the small of the Omega's back, groaning softly in pleasure with each thrust. His hand closed around John's small cock, beginning to stroke languidly in time with his thrusting.
At eight months and five days, John felt himself slowly rising back through the fog of hormones and instinct, until finally he was himself again, staring at his impossibly huge belly that very nearly filled the bed, warping and bubbling like the surface of a swamp. He twisted his head, wanting a kiss from his husband while he was sentient. "Sherlock," he said clearly, "I think the first pup is trying to engage. This must be the lucidity window Doctor Anderson told us about… I think we've only got a few hours left before I go into labour." He smiled as Sherlock kissed him eagerly. "I'm seeing now why my instinct was to stay in my Omega for most of this," he chuckled. "It's fine now, but three months of this? I really would have gone mental. Have you measured me? You have, haven't you, you know exactly how big I am... go on, tell me. How far around is my belly, Sherlock?" he murmured playfully, rubbing it sensually and proudly.
." Mycroft pressed his face into his brother's curls and allowed emotion to claim him, hugging Sherlock and Beatrice tight, his chest racked with all but silent sobs. John had never seen anyone cry like that before - soul deep but somehow
John purred agreeably, watching with interest as his Alpha milked him. "I think I'd like that," he murmured. "Just us. You can scent the pups as soon as they're born, cut all the cords... I can't believe I'm already full again," he chuckled, "won't be long until I have to be on the pumps all the time... Will you tell me what was bothering you now? Please?" His voice was soft and submissive, pleading but not needy. "I want to see if I can make it better."
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, admiring the Alpha's method. "Perhaps I will try something similar with my own this litter. He's ... mmm... headstrong, but he does love his collar... Besides, it should help ease -
John glared, edging away. "You do know that it'll take hours and hours to birth them all? Sherlock will be back soon. He'll know what you've done. It's not too late for you to get out of this alive... if you put that needle in my arm, he
want it. "Ehhhhhh," Felix complained as he was adjusted in Sherlock's arms, the Alpha parent moving closer to his mate. "Fetch it for me when you are ready, and I will put it on you," Sherlock replied softly, bowing his head in deference.
Back in the kitchen, Sherlock set down his fork and knife, feeling his pulse quicken he made his way towards the other room. It would be quite awkward, he thought, wiping his palms on his trousers as he paused before the entrance, if John's surprise was not what he expected it was; his pants were beginning to feel quite uncomfortable, his cock already half erect from simply watching his mate stuff himself. He pushed back the curtain of fabric that tented the nest.
of Sherlock's babies. He rubbed the back of his neck and felt the bondbite. "Mmmm... Good morning, babydaddy," he said playfully, dropping little kisses all over Sherlock. "Can we go to the Yard oh, I don't know, immediately? I want to see their faces when they scent the bond. Then it'll shock them all the more when we show them my belly in six weeks, and I'll look four months gone, and we tell them how many babies you fucked into me," he mumbled, smiling.
"I am amenable to the idea," Sherlock replied, "Lestrade offered to finish Moriarty for me so that I might attend to John," a look of renewed respect appeared on the pack leader's face at the information, "I trusted him enough to allow him into the nest, to sit in my bed and comfort my mate, and he has neither betrayed nor disappointed me. He has proven more of a father to me than our own sire, and I consider him a valued friend. He is pack in all but official bond." He placed a kiss to John's temple to hush the Omega's whines and mewls for attention. "I will ask him before he leaves, to give him time to think it over. None of us are in a position to scent a new pack member tonight - we will wait until my mate is fully recovered, if he accepts." The young Alpha began to nuzzle and nibble softly at his Omega's neck, preparing John for the bite. He could feel himself growing hard underneath his mate, his body eager and ready to knot, to reclaim. The Alpha closed his eyes to collect himself, sweat beginning to bead on his forehead. The bite and the scenting would calm his instincts somewhat, lessening the urge to knot John right then and there, keeping Sherlock stable until the Omega was ready to take him. Still, he would likely need to come on his mate's belly and breasts sooner rather than later. "Brother...," he breathed, his teeth hovering over the bond bite, "When we re-establish the ties... I must put my scent on my mate... If... if you don't - I can try to hold off..." He sank his teeth as gently as he could into John's neck, moaning softly as the sensation gave him just a little relief from the burning need.
"Never in a million years," John replied honestly, gazing at him. "You were always so careful around me, left as soon as possible whenever I went into heat... it was too easy to assume you didn't want me. You always seemed so... dismissive, of the idea of having pups, you always tried to be better than your animal instinct demanded, I never thought you'd bond or breed with
"It sounds wonderful," Sherlock said, giving his mate a kiss on the cheek. He turned his own computer toward John, revealing a large white house with plenty of windows and a blue-grey roof. "This one has a large kitchen and garden, just as you wanted, though I am not sure there is a perfect room for the nursery." He clicked over to a different choice, a large Victorian Gothic home, made of reddish brown brick. "This one is in Wimbledon. Seven bedrooms, an extremely large kitchen and garden. We could easily convert one of the living areas into a nursery." He watched John's face as he explained, curious as to how his Omega felt about his choices.
Sherlock had whined softly when John took care of the afterbirth and cleaning all on his own; he tended happily to Enora, but also wished he were the one taking care of his weary mate. Now, his heart swelled further with pride as he watched over his large family. The Alpha purred deeply, the vibration of it rumbling through the Omega as well. The sight of John's swollen, tender entrance presented to him pleased him immensely, and only caused his purrs to drop another register, the low sound filling the nest with a steady hum. Sherlock's hands snaked around John's middle to rub the soft, pudgy flesh of his Omega's belly lovingly, the pounds of baby weight the last evidence of how gigantic John's belly had previously been.
He nuzzled closer to his Alpha, burying his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck and clinging to him possessively.
John crooned as Sherlock cupped his bump, wriggling happily in his lap, humming in agreement at Sherlock's plan. "We can give you the shortlist of places we're looking at," he added. "We're looking at some tomorrow. We might also need some assistance smoothing out any... Issues... With planning permission, since we may need to convert some rooms into a large nursery, that sort of thing." He nodded and took his leave, starting to get a little cold since he was still naked. He went and dressed himself, choosing a jumper which showed off his bump, and slipped into his tracksuit bottoms, rejoining them and going straight back to Sherlock's lap, nuzzling his mate. He tuned out as the Alphas talked, humming vaguely as Mycroft left. Wordlessly he took Sherlock's hand and led him to the bedroom, hooking up the scanner. More of the pups were moving and he wanted his mate to see. He slicked his belly with the gel and pressed the wand to his stomach, showing him the first pup that had moved, waving its little arms. One of its siblings had joined in, another was kicking its legs a little. He couldn't wait until he found a nest and could find out how many boys and girls they were having. "Look at them," he sighed happily. "Our pups. Starting to move already..."
Sherlock purred loudly at the praise, and the sound was echoed faintly by a few of the pups in their sleep. He rubbed his erection slowly against John, taking pleasure along with the creamy, warm nourishment flowing from the Omega's plump breast. He clung needily to his mate, his suckling increasing in energy as John praised him.
Sherlock gave a long, low groan as John contracted and clenched around him again and again, the Omega's climax immediately tearing his own release from him. He came hard, flooding John's insides with his seed, filling his Omega with nearly the same amount as a knot would have produced. He continued to thrust into John, milking his own orgasm, fucking the Omega so well he came a second time. As John released again, Sherlock pressed gentle, lazy kisses along the length of his spine, rubbing John's belly, soothing his gravid mate and their excited pups. The Alpha carefully pulled out, laying the dazed Omega down on his side, gently massaging John's breasts before removing the pumps. "Such a good mate," he crooned in praise, stroking John's heaving side approvingly.
John scooped Adam into his arms, shooting a meaningful look at Sherlock before nodding at Enora. "Uncle Greg did very well today," John informed the excited pup in a low, soothing tone. "He arrested the bad man and then he took him away to the police station..." Soon, thanks to John's warmth and relaxing voice, Adam was snuggled against his mother's neck and fighting valiantly to stay awake. John droned on and on about the formalities of the arrest, making sure to include every detail of the paperwork while he rocked his son gently back and forth, pushing out as many maternal scent markers as he could to help relax the tiny Alpha.
He dipped a hand down between John's legs when he sensed the next child crowning, his hand covering the slick opening as it parted around the newest pup's head.
Lestrade settled easily into a beanbag, gently rocking the pup from side to side, humming to him as he watched the feeding. Remington settled enough to leave John's arms and went straight to his mother's, curling up in her lap and whimpering as she cradled and petted him, licking the tears from his cheeks to reassure him; she had never blamed him for Siger's cruel treatment of her after his birth, and only felt sorry she had been unable to protect him from his father's cruel influence. John purred quietly to greet Lestrade, snuggling up to Sherlock and resting his head on his Alpha's shoulder. His increased need for Sherlock's touch had diminished since the birth, certainly, he no longer needed his mate's cock inside him at all times, but he still felt a much stronger pull to be near his mate than he had in his early pregnancy. Reaching out carefully, he gathered the pups closer one by one, carefully sniffing the air to make sure he held the ones that had the weakest traces of his scent on them.
how it felt. "Love cake. Cake is good. Didn't - didn't have to. But - yeah." He sent genuine, pure love and gratitude through the bond; he was thrilled about the cake, much as it was unnecessary to secure his forgiveness. As Sherlock's touches continued, he relaxed more and more, losing coherency; he was unable to think of anything but the Alpha and his caresses, and began to wonder if he might allow his mate to command him to swell after their meal; since he was carrying multiples, he could go through one forced swelling and birth full-size pups at nine months. The growth wouldn't be as extreme, but he would still look five or six months gone with one by the time he'd finished. Unbidden, the images slipped through their mental connection as he licked his lips and let his eyelids slide closed, luxuriating under Sherlock's hand.
"I know, love," John purred, cupping his cheek, rocking to encourage his Alpha to keep taking him, pushing forgiveness and love through the bond. "It was just too much, wasn't it? We'd never used condoms before, if we'd thought to try them before we'd have known how wrong it felt. I didn't warn you that being exposed to your semen would make me drop an egg because I didn't think I'd get any of it on me, if I'd told you we could have taken extra precautions. It must have got on me when the condom broke... Yes, I was disappointed when I found out, but now... if you'd held back, if you hadn't bred me, and we wasted even one egg that could have been our baby... it would have been worse." He kissed Sherlock's cheek, urging him to move a little faster. "Carrying and birthing your pups will be easier for me the younger I am," he murmured, "so the smallest gap possible is best. If we need a break, we can get me pills to stop me dropping an egg and wait until my first or even second post-birth heat... So tell me, what do you think we're having this time?" he whispered playfully, moaning softly as his Alpha's cock filled him completely.
Sherlock purred, moving closer and nuzzling both the pups' heads, breathing in their soft, distinct scents. Their contact had remained mostly nonverbal since their coupling, sire and mother both still feeling the influence of instinct, or Sherlock would have revelled in the significance of their pups waking on their first Christmas morning. He shifted some of the pups in his own lap so he could put a hand over John's full belly; the Omega had only grown since Victor and Oliver's visit, the obviously large size of the gestating pups pleasing Sherlock to no end. Felix gave a mewl of protest, burrowing farther into the crook of Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock watched the proceedings from his armchair, hands gripping the plush leather rests, legs apart, his erection jutting out proudly as he watched the Omegas play. "Good. Drink from one another, explore one another... It must feel so good to get another Omega off, to touch their heavy belly, to feel the weight of it and see how it bulges from them... The slide of your wombs against one another is delicious... Watching you rut like this... God... It's incredible, the taste you already have for each other... Seeing you both so heavy, so full, so ready and aroused..."
Sherlock could smell the Omega's scent changing underneath him, and closed his hand over John's, nearly purring with delight over what they'd done together. "Tell me how it feels," he rumbled, his eyes shining eagerly, "Tell me everything."
"I take it he's concussed, then?" John said mildly, crossing the room to nuzzle his Alpha's curls. "Hello, love," he purred, cooing in pleasure when Sherlock grabbed him and immediately began to scent him. "Wait,
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh," John sighed in relief, finally soothed by the feeling of Sherlock lapping at him, cleaning him, tasting him. His slick would taste like his scent; warm, a peaches-and-cream note of motherhood, another layer of fruity ripeness from his pregnancy with the triplets, wool and tea and mint and fresh air with just a hint of exotic spice from his time abroad, and he knew his Alpha would be able to taste his submission as well.
, John, knowing I won't be able to see you, to have you just like this..." He closed his eyes fighting back his own tears. "I love my Omega dearly, but I am not ready to live without Doctor John Hamish Holmes-Watson."
intriguing, but it troubled him. "Somebody wanted you to find them," he said quietly, his eyes beginning to shine, "So close to a path, such a deliberate arrangement - it's a display." He could feel his excitement building, his intellect desperate to be used after weeks of latency and distraction - but his Alpha hindered his mind from going into overdrive, begging him to remember the Omega he had to protect and the pups he had fathered. The last thing he wanted to do was to put them in the potential line of fire. The consulting detective huffed and frowned. "Perhaps, but not for long. I ... I think I'd prefer to work this case from home, as much as possible. It's too dangerous to become publicly involved at this point; the murderer obviously has some end in mind here, and I'd rather my mate and I not become a part of it. I will take the case, if you guarantee us your protection until the responsible party is caught."
Felix's eyelids began to droop, the pup yawning a wide yawn as he lay slumped against his sire's chest.
"If I am to be quite honest, it feels a bit upscale for my liking," Sherlock answered, "The carpets will unfortunately not do too well with so many small children running around, and I dislike that we are so far away from the tube - not that we use the tube often, but in the future the children may find themselves wanting transport, and I will not pay for thirteen separate cabs when they have to go thirteen separate places all at once - though I suppose Mycroft may prove a help in that matter. However, it's wonderfully large, and will accommodate us well in other ways. And we won't have to strip all the wallpaper." He smirked. "It is definitely one I would consider, if you feel inclined towards it, though I still find myself more attached to the home we saw yesterday. How do you feel towards it?" he asked, tilting his head curiously.
Dark hair is... is statistically probable," he began, tears still falling from his red-rimmed eyes, "Though... though we could have some blond, and a few a-auburn. Curls... lots will have curls.. or- or waves.. a few straight... Blue eyes... we both have blue eyes... Some... like yours, others like mine..."
Lestrade nodded. "Any ideas that might help us catch him? I mean... what's with the difference in time of death and the scarf thing?" He looked at the bodies, distaste plastered across his face, not moving from his position next to John, fully aware that Sherlock had deliberately planted his mate next to him because he was an Alpha who would protect him. "Can we get them bagged up, then?"
?! Oh good gracious... But that's never... So many! All in one pregnancy! Oh, my dears..." she beamed at them, pressing her hand on Sherlock's forearm in congratulations, knowing better than to touch a pregnant Omega without his Alpha's permission. John saw the knowing look in her eyes and blushed a little deeper. "We still want to keep renting Baker Street, but obviously with this many babies we'll need to move to a larger home. We'll keep Baker Street as our bolthole and crash pad, and of course you'll be welcome to come and visit us whenever you like," he smiled warmly as he reassured her. "We're going to tell everyone else today, so please don't tell Mrs Turner until we get back, alright?" he said sternly but with obvious affection. She nodded her agreement, dumbstruck by the sheer number of pups Sherlock had put in him.
Sherlock lay panting heavily on top of his Omega, groaning a little as the movement caused his own seed to press down against the sensitive head of his cock. He lapped at the sweat beading on John's forehead, his fingers running softly along the sides of his mate's gravid middle. "God, that-" he moaned softly, "Was- was that good?" His dominance slipped just a little to reveal a sliver of vulnerability. The fantasy had turned him on as much - or more - as it had John, and while there could be no doubt the Omega was completely blissed-out, the Alpha hoped he'd carried out the role to his mate's every satisfaction.
Sherlock's lips parted slightly, his pupils dilating, "It would be difficult," he said slowly, "I could try, but even if I managed to control myself, he would deduce it." He could feel himself getting hard at the thought. Unconsciously, the hand that rested on his Omega's belly began stroking the rounded swell approvingly. Sherlock's phone lay on the nightstand, and he reached an arm behind him to grab it as he leaned in to kiss John deeply. "Shall we?"
territory, and his Omega was depending on him and praising his every breath; he could not show weakness. "I.. we have a pup like that," he tried, picking up a cake heaped with frosting (Remington's handiwork, especially for John, he thought) and offered it to his mate, his other hand rubbing John's belly approvingly, "Felix. He gets rather upset and worried if he feels we're not giving him enough attention. He's not possessive - just anxious. He needs to be reassured we haven't forgotten about him and love him just as much as the others..."
He began to giggle too as Sherlock attacked him with kisses, turning his head to capture his mate's lips in a demanding, possessive kiss when he felt both eggs attach.
in his life. He clenched desperately around his Alpha's massive cock, begging for more, even as he felt the pain of the stretch. "Give it to me," he begged needily, "give me your knot, fill me up, please, oh god, I don't even know if I can take it, you're so
more than anything, hoping the idiot would realise soon why John hadn't invited another Alpha round.
John sat up a little straighter, clearing his throat a little. "Of course, you've got twin boys and a little girl, haven't you?" he asked politely, joining the discussion with a hearty exposition on the difficulties in feeding two babies simultaneously. The conversation flowed liberally, as did the coffee, and soon the four of them were laughing and chatting as if they'd been friends for years. John had gradually shifted off Sherlock's lap, to enable them both to be more attentive hosts ("More coffee, Doctor Wendell?" "Don't mind if I do, Doctor Watson-Holmes") but he continued to send blazing blasts of love towards Sherlock, just little pulses every so often.
Molly's eyes widened when the soft velvet was revealed. She carefully placed the paper aside, her lips slightly parting as she turned the pouch over in her hands. She kept her eyes downcast, not daring to look at either John or Sherlock as she removed the mirror with trembling hands. The Omega gave a small gasp of surprise as it came into view. She traced the flowers delicately with a finger, barely daring to touch them as her lip began to tremble and her eyes welled with tears. "Thank you but... It... it's too nice," she whispered, "Why..." Sherlock swallowed; he'd not been ready to deal with this sort of situation. The gift had been John's idea entirely. He cast a pleading glance at his mate, begging for John to know what to do.
"If I could, I'd make you balloon out until you could hardly walk right now," Sherlock replied, his fingers moving expertly over his Omega's cock, "I'd make you swell while I was fucking you, feel your belly expanding right under my hands as  you moaned and our children grew and grew at an astonishing rate. I'd fuck you and then take you right to show you off to everybody, your hole still wet and dripping with my come, your belly so big you'd need to lean on me to stay upright."
washed over him and he relaxed further into his Alpha's thrusts, grunting a little each time his mate bottomed out. He ached for his Alpha's knot and moaned agreeably at Sherlock's words. "Yes," John agreed desperately, "please. Two. Want your babies, want more of your pups, unh..." He closed his eyes and concentrated on his mate's scent.  It was warm, woody, comforting; his Omega knew that Sherlock would take good care of all of their pups. John squirmed on Sherlock's cock, pushing back eagerly, relishing the slick slide of his Alpha's enormous cock in his hole; his cries got louder and more needy as his desire to be bred overtook his rational mind. Soon he was chanting a mindless litany of
John moaned whorishly in agreement, his lips parted in invitation, and the sound was the herald for a symphony of broken, pleasured noises spilling from the doctor while he continued to fuck the toy. Speeding up a little he whined, long and high, transmitting the fuzzy sensation of
If Sherlock had been able to materialize data from his mind palace, he could have handed John a large volume of evidence proving he was no hero. The previous night was certainly at the top of the list - as was every time he failed to protect the Omega from himself; the Alpha shut out the memory quickly, before it could ruin the moment. He could have corrected his mate, but instead cupped one plump breast as best he could, humming against his Omega's lips as the most casual touch caused the enormous teat to spray jets of milk against him. He tentatively rolled his hips again, shivering as the motion sent a rush of pleasure emanating from his cock. Sherlock kissed John desperately, trying to find the safe space they'd had minutes earlier, the natural rhythm of nothing but them, needing to lose himself in it once more.
leave, once the heat faded and he realized what had happened. His cock was engorged well past the point of pain, straining excessively against his trousers, which were drenched with his precum, but he continued to search with trembling fingers.
John mewed softly as he was filled but did not wake. He gave a contented little hum as Sherlock began to thrust, gripping the sheets a little tighter, his body rocking with the motions, his breasts rippling in time as his Alpha fucked him. He made a confused but approving noise as he began to wake, beginning to push back into the thrusts. His face registered his steady rise through sleep to waking, pleasant confusion as the huge cock inside him registered, a fluttering of his eyelashes, and sudden wide-eyed delight as he realised his Alpha was taking him. He beamed, purred, covered as much of Sherlock's face as he could reach in tiny kisses, moaned, arched, pushed his chest forward. "Full," he breathed, "please." He mewled happily as his mate growled and began massaging his breasts in earnest, milking him, spraying jets of creamy milk across the bedspread. "Mmm, yes, better," he sighed, spreading his legs as best he could to give him better access. "Ohhh, god, yes... I love it when
John waddled to the shower to clean himself, tended by the servant, who ran a foamy sea sponge gently over the other Omega's massive frame, paying extra attention to his full breasts and heavy belly. The sensations made John moan gently, his collar kept carefully away from the spray and contrasting starkly with his tanned skin and completing the picture of an Omega revelling in subspace.
John latched on to the attentions and forgiveness as if he was drowning and they were the only thing keeping him afloat, whining loudly and lapping at his mate's jaw, sobbing in relief at the forgiveness, like a toddler suddenly overwhelmed with everything. The day had been long and stressful, a rollercoaster of emotions, and it would take at least a day for John to emerge from his Omega after this; he'd been spending longer and longer periods in his Omega lately, an inbuilt mechanism to stop his conscious mind from driving him mad with frustration and boredom as he became immobile. He snuggled back against his Alpha, clenching needily, encouraging his knot, wanting the connection and final proof of forgiveness. He mewled softly as the pups began to wriggle more, stimulated by the rush of shared emotions, the taut skin of his belly quivering with their movements, and suddenly - he gasped, and pressed his Alpha's hand to a spot on the topmost curve of his belly, where he could feel the little outline of a tiny foot. He purred, rocking as best he could with his mate, his plump nipples dripping milk again as his breasts filled. A tiny, hopeful smile appeared on his face as he gazed up at his mate adoringly, questioning;
"Reasonably," Oliver replied with an easy smile, "my cousin Susan is my pack Alpha and she has four children. I have two other cousins who have five children between them. Victor and myself obviously have three - and one on the way - and my sister Nancy has two children. Susan's eldest has just graduated from Durham, and Nancy's youngest just turned a year old last Monday. Christmas is... manic," he added fondly. "But I think the pups have all definitely benefitted from being raised as part of a large pack."
Sherlock had to stifle a hitch in his breath as soon as his brother picked up the phone. "Hello, brother dear," he managed smoothly, biting down on his hand directly after to stifle a moan as John's hands and mouth closed over his cock. Mycroft's response barely registered with him as he tried to keep his breathing steady, looking down his long, pale body at the gravid Omega sucking him off between his spread legs. "My Omega-
the evidence of what he'd put in him, each movement evidence of the lives they'd made together, adding an extra layer of proof to his claim. With a growl, he redoubled his efforts, suddenly
Sherlock didn't stir in the least at the pup's accomplishment, far too knackered from the night before for such a small sound to rouse him. Without the other Omegas' help, it had been a long night indeed - even more stressful than a case, though the Alpha would never admit it. Lucy in particular had not let up crying for what felt like hours, no matter how he'd soothed and rocked her.
Sherlock trembled slightly, biting his lip. The more his mind cleared, the worse his actions became to him. He didn't know where to begin.
He purred, inviting his mate closer, and whined quietly, lapping at his jaw, rubbing against him, asking for more of his attentions. His breathing grew shallow as more contractions gripped him, his body in full rhythm by now, unable to stop pushing out pup after pup as steadily as a metronome.
Sherlock smirked, teasingly lapping up the rivulets of creamy milk that were now running down the plump globes of John's breasts before latching on to one erect nipple. Thick, warm milk flooded his mouth immediately, accompanied by a whimper of satisfaction from John; the Omega's breasts were desperate for relief, too full and eager to be nursed from. He paused for a moment to adjust his position, kissing John sweetly with a purr of pleasure as he moved to sit across what was left of his mate's lap. The Omega cradled him like a large child as he began to suckle again, John's hand in his curls encouraging him to eat as Sherlock caressed his mate's full belly with one hand. The Alpha could feel himself getting full after draining just one breast, but he willingly moved to the second, beginning to whimper as he ate, as John crooned softly at him, encouraging him to finish. His stomach pressed outwards uncomfortably, almost painful, but he drank down every drop of milk the Omega had, groaning softly when he popped off the nipple.
Sherlock nodded, understanding about the knotting, but more concerned with the sound of his pups' heartbeats filling the room. The Alpha closed his eyes and hummed happily, proud and content and feeling and overwhelming sense of love for both his mate and their pups. He kissed along John's neck gently, suckling at his scent gland, nuzzling his cheek. "Good Omega," he hummed softly, so only John could hear, "Perfect Omega. Love you so much."
He slipped out of the nest and sneaked off to their bedroom, changing quickly and taking a few moments to admire himself in the mirror. The quarter cup bra showed off his generous breasts, making them look perky and full; the black contrasted wonderfully with his tanned skin and sandy-golden hair and the thong sat prettily around his plump hips, his cock twitching with interest where it lay exposed. His belly bulged obscenely under the delicately draped silk, the whole effect highlighting how plump he was. He licked his lips and smiled, kneeling on the bed and rubbing his belly as he called through the bond for his mate.
They were saved further explanations by the arrival of the food, the waiters swiftly bringing the first course to each table with their eyes respectfully averted from John and Sherlock.
Sherlock rumbled in pleasure, pushing his approval and agreement through the bond. The last two babies had all but spilled out of John's ready hole, the Omega an efficient birthing machine, bearing him pup after healthy pup. He already found himself wanting to watch John do it again, wishing he could keep him in labour with his litter constantly, John groaning and vocalizing like an animal, constantly nursing and pushing pups out of his ready entrance. His hand moved back to John's cock and began to stroke in a light, teasing rhythm. It was hard to believe there would only be one more pup, and then John would no longer be pregnant. The bed was filled with pups in the space the Omega's mammoth belly had previously occupied, the shifting, alien mass of John's womb now reduced to the size of a smaller beach ball, round and low with their last baby and the remaining afterbirth. He reached forward to stroke it reverently, feeling a little sad at the loss even as he was overwhelmingly proud of their pups, his heart filled with love for what he'd produced with his mate. He looked up to the Omega inquiringly, placing a gentle pressure on John's belly.
, John sent strongly through the bond, matching every thrust of his mate's hips with a roll of his own, enjoying the tender pace of their lovemaking, allowing his feelings to flow through the bond; he'd been just too Omega to be his normal rational self, so his Alpha's apparent rejection after the previous day's turmoil had been too much - if he'd been more himself, he'd have known what the Alpha meant. It wasn't Sherlock's desire that had hurt him, merely the way it was phrased. "Ngh, fuck, Sherlock, oh, yes, just like that," John mewled, pressing desperate little kisses to his mate's jaw. "Fuck, you're so big... Love the way you stretch me, you feel so damn good..."
"Hmmm," John agreed happily, cupping the back of Sherlock's head and drawing him in to another lazy kiss, giving a soft cry as the Alpha's knot deflated and slipped from him with a wet slurp. He shivered pleasantly and grinned, pressing another affectionate kiss to his mate's lips before allowing Sherlock to help him to his feet and reaching out to turn off the shower spray. Grabbing towels for them both, he sent Sherlock off to fetch their pups while he busied himself with the logistics of their return. He ran a shallow bath for them all, no more than a few inches; they'd chosen a truly enormous tub for the bathroom next to the nursery, knowing they'd need to wash thirteen babies in it, and it would easily fit thirteen baby baths as well as two fully grown adults. John began to place the plastic baby baths in the tub, complete with their padded waterproof supports, and arranged them at the end furthest from the shower head. He switched the room's heating system on, purring as he felt the temperature change in the nest next door as well, and flicked the water circulator on (to keep the bathwater constantly warm) before sauntering through to the nest, knowing it would be easiest to feed the babies on the bed before taking them to the bathroom. He towelled himself down quickly and crawled onto the cool sheets, propping himself up against the headboard as he waited for Sherlock to return with their litter.
Sherlock rested his head on top of his Omega's, taking a moment to revel in their bond. "I would love a ceremony. I would love to marry you, John Watson," he said softly, smiling into his mate's hair and placing the gentlest of kisses there. "Besides," he purred, "Having a ring on your finger will be another mark of how you are mine ... and how I am yours. We will have to plan quickly, however, if we want to find a suit or dress large enough to fit you."
John blinked hazily as the fog of subspace lifted a little as his collar was removed. He hummed at the touch on his belly, fuzzily acquiescing to all of Sherlock's caring attentions; he felt just as pampered and spoilt now as he had at the club, only this time he knew it was for
Inside, folded delicately on a wine-coloured velvet cushion, was one of the most luxurious sets of lingerie either of them had ever laid eyes on: a baby doll top of the deepest black, the body of shimmering, pleated silk; a ribbon of lace around the hem was matched by the piece's delicate quarter-cup bra and matching thong. The thong had a precise, circular opening in the front panel through which the Omega's cock was meant to be put on display; like the rest of the outfit, it was meant for show, not practicality. Every detail had been designed to the Alpha's specifications, and Sherlock was purring loudly with pleasure as he watched John's reaction unfold before him.
"Some baby weight is fine, I know I'll put on a bit, I am a doctor... I just... I don't want to get to the point that I'm... unattractive. You're so gorgeous, I want... to be worthy of you," he breathed softly, hoping Sherlock would understand. "I know you'll love me no matter what I look like, I just don't want it to be difficult," he smiled regretfully.
Caught between growling and purring, Sherlock could only managed a small, choked noise at the explanation. His Alpha pride would not have Mycroft meddling so in their affairs - but this would allow their babies a better chance at being
More than a few of the female guests were dabbing their eyes by the end of the speech and Mycroft quickly produced his handkerchief to offer to his mother, who was grasping needily at his sleeve like a child asking for security. He placed an arm around her shoulders and brought her close against his chest while she sniffled, purring quietly to reassure her.
," John agreed, rocking his hips back onto his mate's fingers and forward into the grip of his fist. "
"Ah, servant," he called into the main room, addressing the Pendleton's Omega, "Our drinks in here, I think. And choose a toy for my mate after you've delivered them. I want something interesting." His fingers rubbed John's arms possessively as he purred in anticipation.
... aaaahhhhh! Fuuuuuuuuck, Sherlock..." he screamed again, writhing eagerly on Sherlock's giant cock, shivering with pleasure at the attention to his neck. He tilted his head to give Sherlock better access.
… keep him so ripe year-round I would do it. Pity that's still only within the realm of science fiction, or I'd have him on the childbed whelping a new litter every month." He licked his lips, gently pressing John's head further onto his cock, making him swallow more, which John took with ease.
"Only because I wasn't really thinking about it. Subconsciously I was buying in to the traditional prejudice against getting married while pregnant but now... Now I've had time to think about it, I can't think of anything better than marrying you while I'm obviously swollen with your babies. And I don't want to rush something as important as our wedding for the sake of an easily fitting suit. I'm sure if you had your way I'd be waddling down the aisle clutching my best man for support but I'd quite like to
"This one," John said shyly, indicating a very large Victorian townhouse in yellow brick sandstone with a blue-grey roof, one of the choices with eight bedrooms. "The garden isn't very big, but it's so close to Hampstead Heath it wouldn't matter, we'd have the whole park practically on our doorstep. And the attic has already been converted into one large room so we could use that as the nursery since it's right upstairs from the master suite. What have you found so far?" he asked, happily pushing closer to Sherlock, hoping for more affectionate kisses.
clouded Sherlock's mind like a drug. He needed to protect his labouring mate, but he also needed to give him pleasure, to satisfy him as his body worked to deliver their pups. With a low moan, the Alpha laved over John's hole, licking him clean. He smirked as he felt John contract beneath his tongue, the noises from his Omega only encouraging him further. Sherlock pressed inside, his eyelids fluttering at the sensation. The heat and pressure were delicious, and he ate his labouring partner out greedily, his tongue thrusting in deep, John's fluids leaking down his chin.
"Oh it's quite true," Beatrice assured him, "absolutely refused to say a thing until a fortnight before his fourth birthday, and then the first thing he said was 'I don't want to go to nursery, it's dull.' I could hardly believe it!"
John scented his mate's distress and pressed closer to him, purring quietly, cleaning the thin sheen of sweat from his Alpha's forehead carefully. He nuzzled him enquiringly and was satisfied by the warm smile and extra attention to his belly he received in reply, settling back to watch the film, his head resting on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Sherlock, there's a case in Regent's Park. Jogger found the bodies - it's a bit of a bizarre one. Identical twins, side by side, both wearing nothing but football scarves - and one's clearly been dead far longer than the other. Will you come?" Lestrade asked, almost coaxingly. "Anderson's still suspended," he added, as if that might tip the balance.
"I have a good memory," Sherlock purred proudly, "Though it helps that we dress them in different colours for the time being. It came in very useful through the first two weeks. Now I would know any of them no matter what they wear." He placed a gentle kiss to John's hair as he rubbed large circles over the Omega's distended middle, and offered his partner another cupcake. "They're becoming more distinct in their personalities, as well. I'm sure you've found that with your twins."
John smiled at his Alpha as his possessive, protective nature came out and squeezed his arm in acknowledgement before turning back to Mrs Hudson. "The babies aren't moving yet... they won't be for another few weeks. But if you like you can touch the bump." He lifted his jumper, but left the shirt and vest in place and sat patiently as Mrs Hudson pressed her hand to the bump, drawing back after ten or fifteen seconds. He realised he didn't actually like it, any hands on him that were not
Reflexively, he gathered the purring pup closer, huffing and ruffling his hair affectionately in reward. The babies were all piled very safely on top of him, he'd assured it.
Sherlock kissed him back deeply, his brain working to generate the perfect response to John's movements; for each action, he replied with the most satisfying possible reaction. The Alpha had promised his mate the most satisfying morning of his life, and was trying his utmost to deliver on his words, despite what had just passed between them and despite his own need to wait longer before penetrative sex. Well-versed in discarding emotions, he locked the feelings away where he wouldn't have to see them, because John wanted him, needed him. His movements seemed completely natural, one touch flowing smoothly into another, his caresses of John's belly complementing the dance of their tongues, the slow, gentle rolling of his hips as he thrust into his mate.
Sherlock smiled tenderly, placing a helping hand at the small of John's back. "Yes," he affirmed aloud, "You were brilliant. The club was wonderful, but you... You were the crown jewel of the experience. You were everything I wished for and more, my brilliant Omega." He let his memories and feelings flow through the bond as he spoke, the showing John their evening from his perspective.
of your babies," he gasped, unable to hold on any longer and coming hard, clenching powerfully around Sherlock and sinking his teeth into his shoulder to stop himself screaming. "Everyone will see how potent you are," he breathed, panting as Sherlock kept fucking him. "They'll all be so jealous..."
John spread his legs as wide as they would go and planted his feet on the bed, pushing a little as if seeking better leverage, immersing himself further in the memory of birthing their pups. He could almost feel a pup crowning, he could feel his Alpha's approval and lust and Sherlock's cock thick and heavy against his belly, and he screamed with his orgasm as he felt the phantom pain of labour ripple through him, imagining the baby slipping from him, eased along by the slick from his release.
Sherlock inhaled his mate's scent and groaned, sinking his teeth into their bond bite and spilling deep into his mate. Sherlock's cock pulsed hard as he filled his mate more and more, pumping the Omega full with his thick seed; John's desperate need had nearly triggered a knot, and it was longer than usual before the Alpha was completely spent. He breathed hard against his mate's neck, his eyes closed, his hands still cupping John's belly until he felt the pleasure subside. Lifting his head, the Alpha finally released the bite, pressing his lips gently to the bleeding skin and softly beginning to lave the blood from the fresh wound. He kept his member reassuringly buried in his Omega, stabilizing and calming his mate after such a rough coupling as he tended John lovingly. "My perfect Omega," he crooned, nuzzling him gently, "Such a good mate, taking my cock and my claiming so well." He breathed in John's scent once more and purred in happiness, "Mmm, and you could still take me again, couldn't you? You still
Pressed against Sherlock's back Beatrice shifted slightly so Catherine could recline against her as she nursed Remington, who crawled into his mother's lap and eagerly took one of her nipples into his mouth. He sucked happily, relaxing under the influence of her maternal scent markers, stretching his legs out to lay them over his brothers', tangling them all together.
Just as before, some of the pups tried to purr in response, but none managed more than a satisfied hum and a small raspberry. Eleanor poked out her tongue, trying to scent John's neck; the pups were reaching the stage where they would attempt to taste things to gather more information about them, and their parents were no exception. John chuckled softly and pulled the baby away from his neck. "That tickles," he smiled easily, setting her back in her bath and reaching out to pet some of her siblings.
John, so huge it pressed constantly against his prostate, forcing the cum out of him in an explosive orgasm that had him jerking and screaming in bliss, his eyes screwed shut and his mouth spread in a wide sensual grin - he came so hard, he passed out. His head lolled back against his mate, a smile still present on his face as his breathing steadied, a dazed, confused purr emerging from somewhere deep in his chest as his brain slowly came back online. After a few minutes he blinked awake, already hard again, the massive knot still filling him so much it couldn't help but press on his sweet spot. "Sherlock," he breathed, "you were right. It
Just the sight of his mate was more than enough to get the Alpha off. True to his word, Sherlock had kept John plump and round, even more so following the birth of the quintuplets, when they'd been so certain John's Change had occurred. Now, their unexpected twins added greater weight to John's already generous figure, and the Omega only needed to enter a room to make the Sherlock hard.
as best he could. The second Sherlock's knot filled him he clenched hard around it and started coming, his small cock jerking as his slick passage milked his mate's swollen knot in firm, rhythmic pulses. The sensation of being firmly knotted, the approval and encouragement coming from his mate and the secure collar hugging his neck were enough to lull him completely into subspace and he exhaled as he dropped into the familiar floating sensation, his eyes glazing over and his whining slowly decreasing until he was all but mute, his heavy pleasured breathing the only sound he was making. The triplets began to kick more insistently, demanding their share of attention from their father as if they also wanted to be reassured that he was nearby.
"Will we have the pleasure of watching your breeder birth your litter here, Mr Holmes?" one of the remaining Alphas asked deferentially, gazing at John while his own Omega nuzzled his crotch and begged to be allowed to suck his cock.
and didn't want Molly to be upset. He shuffled more quickly out of the blanket as Molly flamed scarlet and linked her slender arm through Mycroft's and allowed him to lead her through to the large open-plan kitchen, the table set up facing the French doors overlooking the snowy garden. He was thankful when Lestrade decided to join in and escort Mrs Hudson, offering her his arm with a cheeky grin and an informal "May I?" leaving Sherlock to offer John his arm. They both giggled as Sherlock had to heave John off the sofa with both hands and shared a tender, chaste kiss before going through to join the others. John got settled in his chair and had a napkin across his bump just as Mycroft drew out Molly's chair for her and in all the bustle, she hadn't seen him waddling, leaning on Sherlock for support. There was a moment of calm as they all settled, smiling approvingly at the feast set out before them, looking to Sherlock at the head of the table. John snaked one hand out to toy with his champagne flute, half-raising one eyebrow as a clue for his mate, who looked a little lost - hardly surprising, John mused briefly, given that he'd never been head of a family before.
Sherlock nodded, getting reluctantly into the provided wheelchair. He winced against the bright lights and pressed close to John as the Omega waddled down the hall next to him.
collar. Mine least of all, if I was forced to guess. I would not have believed you would have asked for any claim from me, nor carry even a single one of my children," he murmured, suddenly leaning forward to pick up two of the pups closest to him. He drew the babies close to his chest and kissed their hatted heads, as if to reassure himself they were definitely real and there. They cooed in response, happily burrowing into their father's scent, and Sherlock found himself squinting at the sudden blurriness of his vision. He wrinkled his nose in confused distaste, and blinked a few times to clear away the dewy fog and banish the salty liquid preparing to well dangerously in his eyes.
Pinned against the headboard, trapped in place by Sherlock's body pressing into his and his mate's huge cock pulsing in him, he was utterly helpless and at his Alpha's mercy, positively vibrating with pent-up sexual need, looking wrecked and thoroughly used and blissfully happy all at once.
The delicate hands moved to the collar once more, fumbling to undo the polished silver clasp. The elder Omega inhaled when the black, supple leather loosened, and slid easily into her hands. She cautiously felt her neck all over, exploring. This was a new feeling. The object had been so small, but suddenly she felt so
Sherlock swallowed and nodded. "Yes, quite close in fact." He fidgeted a bit, drumming his gloved fingers inside his coat pockets as he tried to find his words. Deducing someone was second nature, and conversation with John was easy. It had been easy with Victor, too, all those years ago. But asking for something so horribly
John thought lazily, his eyelids fluttering at the deliciousness of the creamy reblochon against the chewy, meaty bacon lardons and the soft floury texture of the potatoes. He did not protest when his Alpha fed him another, and then another, until he had eaten fifteen of them and Sherlock moved on to the next item.
"We did have a cook growing up, yes," Sherlock acknowledged, placing an arm around John's shoulders, guiding his Omega to rest a little more in his Alpha's lap for the time being. "My mother knew a little of baking, though she rarely ever practiced her skills. My father did not find such activities to be appropriate." He drew John just a little closer, the Omega's warmth and presence grounding. "When my parents were away, and the nanny asleep, I would sometimes sneak down to the kitchens. Our cook was a grandmotherly woman, and she managed to teach me a few things in secret. But the rest I learned on my own." The Alpha carded a hand through his mate's hair fondly, his thoughtful expression transforming into a proud grin as he acknowledged how finely he was able to provide for his Omega, all on his own skill.
The Alpha snapped his hips harder as he bit down hard on John's bond mark, puncturing the skin. John's pleas kept him conscious, the Omega's desperate words buoying his rational mind above his Alpha instinct. He lapped over the wound, moaning deeply as he prepared it for a second bite. "One more," he growled. The bed shook from their efforts. "One more egg before I knot you," the Alpha panted, already feeling the stretch at the base of his cock.  "I want to see you big and round with twins. Want you to need to support your belly as you chase after our first litter. I want everyone to see that I've bred you again." Keeping one steady hand on John's hips, he reached around and cupped John's small cock with the other, beginning to massage it gently. "Nnh- you're still so fertile- I can smell it on you. Come on, let's have two this time," he rumbled, his breath ghosting over John's ear. "I promise I'll breed you so well you'll see stars."
On the sofa, Mycroft blinked blearily as he began to awaken. He lay for a few minutes, unmoving, before stretching carefully, flexing each muscle beneath his now-rumpled suit. His instincts were telling him to be on his guard; soon there would be new pups in his pack, and he had to ensure their safety. He growled loudly and pulled on his coat and shoes, carefully checking all of the doors and windows again before stalking outside to check the grounds for intruders.
"Engraving sounds good," John smiled. "I wasn't looking at rings exactly, I just happened to see those particular rings in that shop you sent me to buy you a Swiss Army knife, twelve feet of rope and a bottle of bleach just to see if the shop assistant would call the police," he grinned, remembering how peeved he'd been when he'd arrived home with his purchases to be told of their purpose. He kissed his Alpha sweetly and hesitantly on the lips, sensing his uncertainty but not knowing the reason behind it. "You know more about flowers than I do, so I'll leave those to you, yeah?"
John panted as Sherlock spoke, eyes dark with lust, his words and hands building a powerful orgasm. He screamed properly and came in his mate's hand, breathing raggedly. Once he'd returned to his senses, he kissed Sherlock's chest. "Thank you, love, that was... incredible," he smiled. "Will you let me up now?" he asked, shy and submissive. "I really should start looking at houses..."
"Dearly beloved..," the registrar began. Sherlock gave John's hands a gentle squeeze, the Omega's gaze cast shyly downwards.
Sherlock refrained from doing a slightly childish imitation of his brother's characteristically formal demeanor. "You're welcome," he replied, hiding an amused smile. He was genuinely happy Mycroft so appreciated the gift. There were still heaps of presents under the tree - and most for the babies.
When he woke, he was back in his Omega; he'd been spending longer and longer in his Omega, his lucid periods becoming shorter and less frequent. The phone rang, loud and shrill, and he pouted unhappily as Sherlock reached out to answer it, snuggling against his chest and going back to sleep.
"Yes, loves, Nana Martha is coming over in a little while! So there's no need to-" he broke off as his phone buzzed in his pocket and he read the text quickly. "And Molly's just let me know that she and Greg
"Hello, my darlings," Sherlock cooed, chuckling as the pups climbed in one by one into the nest. He'd settled the quints and twins safely on one side of him, giving their older siblings enough room to settle close. Felix made a beeline for his father, grabbing onto Sherlock's pyjama shirt with chubby fists and burrowing his head against his chest. The Alpha smiled fondly and wrapped a protective arm around him, extending the other to Iris. The little girl had begun to sniffle, her feelings of relief overwhelming. "Come now luv, it's alright," Sherlock soothed, drawing her close. He scented her soft hair until she giggled, the others waiting eagerly close for their own turns.
"Mmmm... You can feel it, can't you? My womb is inflamed, beginning to thicken and swell, ready to carry your babies..." he mewled. "I think I was wrong... I'll start to show in two weeks, not three... Ohhh, that's perfect, you feel so good in me Sherlock, so hard... Fuck," he panted, close to coming already knowing the father of his children was taking him again.
Sherlock was already growling again, nosing at John's cheek peppering his mate's face with messy, insistent kisses until the Omega tilted his head to offer him his lips. He smirked, purring as he drew John into a heady kiss. "Broken my own record by far," he breathed, beginning to cant his hips, "Do you know... how incredible it is to be this massive inside you?" Moving faster, he cupped John's belly greedily. "Let's see if we can break another," he whispered lewdly in the Omega's ear, "how many times can I make you come on my knot, before it goes down?" He pistoned forward suddenly, moaning with delight as John let out a wail.
Donovan's response was nothing if not predictable. "Oh don't tell me... Of course you're having pups with the
"Be quiet Mycroft," John ordered evenly and without malice, the pack leader obeying bashfully with a look of surprised embarrassment. The tone of the Omega's voice and brooked no refusal, Captain Watson unmistakeable in every syllable. Although John was lounging on a sofa, two pups suckling at his breasts while the rest of the litter lay draped across their parents, the evidence of his newest pregnancy immediately obvious, he radiated calm authority, and the Alphas knew better than to growl and posture. "We are going to talk about what happened last week and we are going to do it on my terms. Sherlock has already apologised - profusely - and I know I will be getting apologies from both of you as well. That can wait. I know what happened, and why, and I'm not interested in sitting around holding hands and talking about our feelings," the Alphas looked somewhat relieved at this, "but I do want to know what it changed between us as a pack. That's important." Sharing an Omega was supposed to strengthen the bonds between Alphas, as well as making them feel more protective of the Omega, fonder towards them; John only wanted to know how things stood between the group now. "So let's start with you then, Mycroft."
, getting no relief... You want me to lose myself to my Omega completely, try to climb into your lap, open my shirt for you and offer you my engorged breasts, beg you to suckle my leaking nipples, in front of all our guests... You want them all to see how much you can drink from me and still there will be more... You want me fighting the urge to squeeze my aching breasts, trying to milk myself with my hands," he purred, tilting his head back to allow Sherlock better access to his scent gland. "You want to show off how dark and stiff my nipples will be, standing proudly off my swollen breasts... You want everyone to see how you claim your rights as my Alpha and nurse from me. Why buy me a perfectly good suit just to ruin it with milk and wetness? You'd have me in just a maternity dress, wouldn't you, clinging to every curve, swaying as I move, nice and loose around the legs so you can push it up over my hips and sit me down on your cock..."
And then the wedding: John arriving at the altar, the vows, the couple sharing their first kiss, the couple sitting happily at the dinner table. He watched the rest of John's pregnancy unfold until suddenly the Omega seemed tiny, just a little thing compared to his previous size and surrounded by wriggling, wrinkly newborns. And he watched their thirteen babies grow, a wobbly smile growing with each successive photo.
"May I fix you a drink, Miss Hooper?" asked Mycroft, rising from his seat and striding to the sideboard. John gaped at him, mouth open a little, before realising what he'd done - he was trying to spare Molly's feelings. He was being a gentleman. Molly blushed furiously and looked at the floor. "Um, well, yes, please, that would be - nice," she said hurriedly, "Er, just a brandy please." Mycroft poured the drink efficiently and presented it to her with a slightly strained, polite smile, as if he'd forgotten how. She took it gratefully, peeping up at him timidly from beneath her lashes, and exhaled a shaky thank you as Mycroft poured himself another brandy and raised his glass to her. "An excellent choice," he mused. "I always choose the same, however, so I may be a little biased. Your good health, Miss Hooper," he toasted, taking a sip. Lestrade choked on his whisky.
John exhaled hard through his nose. "It's alright, Mycroft," he said wearily, "I know you've had a long day looking after the pups, and I appreciate it. Looks like he's coming back to us a little..." Mycroft relaxed imperceptibly. John's ire was not something he enjoyed suffering. "Thirteen three-year-olds are certainly a handful," the pack Alpha commented. "Well... twelve of them are a handful. Arthur still seems determined to move as little as possible. I sat him down next to the bookcase and he sat there reading to himself all afternoon..." John chuckled at Mycroft's words, watching fondly as his Alpha fussed over their two youngest litters. "Hello love," he said cheerily. John leaned in and gave Sherlock a quick kiss on the cheek. "How are you feeling? Better for a sleep?" He carefully shooed Sherlock back onto the hospital bed and began piling pups on top of him, hoping to keep him calm. "Do you need anything from home while you're here overnight?"
Once the pudding had all been eaten and the plates had been cleared, the pack moved back to the living room to relax and enjoy each others' company. The babies all lay happily piled together on the silvery fur throw, being fussed over by their uncles and grandmother while Catherine chatted to Molly and Greg, and John smiled as he twined his fingers with Sherlock's to lead him away to their nest.
Sherlock purred as he looked down at him, wrapping an arm around the Omega's side to draw John up so he could see the cake better as the Alpha revealed it.
to give in to his Alpha side so fully like this; before Persephone, he had been the only Alpha in his pack without a mate, and he had often wished for an Omega of his own. Now he had her, plump and full with his litter of quadruplets, moaning in pleasure underneath him, his bondmark vivid on her neck, and the sensations made his cock pulse with excitement. He cupped her swollen belly firmly but reverently as he increased his pace once more, growling under his breath. "Come for me," he begged, his voice cracking, "show me how much you love me, love this..."
Remington was still suckling at John's other breast, curled up against him, whimpering softly and teasing his nipple with his tongue like Sherlock did when he wanted more milk. John carded a hand into his hair, petting him, crooning to soothe him; the younger Omega had never been part of a wholly loving pack before and the nurturing tenderness of nursing was all but foreign to him. Catherine and Beatrice had done their best to shield him, and love him, but Siger only permitted so much affection to be shown to the boy. John knew he'd need longer than the others, so he simply let him suckle, knowing his milk wouldn't run out. He rocked his hips slightly, wanting to pleasure his mate, but also needing the friction; he'd never had two mouths on him at once like this and it felt wonderful.
Suddenly everything came careening back. With a gasp and a jolt, Sherlock reeled backward - a mistake, as the half-knot still kept them together. John whined in pain, and the Alpha's eyes widened even further in horrified shock as he took in the sight of his mate, of what he'd done to his precious Omega.
Our conception of Omegaverse is that sexuality isn't a taboo subject among family and that pretty much anything short of actual sex/sexual contact/breeding between family members, done from affection or during pack bonding, is perfectly fine. If that will upset you, do not read this chapter.
he roared, face drawn into a feral snarl as he recovered himself. Lestrade suddenly grabbed him around the middle, tackling him onto the pavement. The young Alpha snarled viciously, landing a few swift blows and slashes to the elder's face as he struggled, eyes wide with panic. "
Sherlock chuckled, rubbing John's back gently and carding his fingers through the Omega's hair. "As you wish," he smiled, pleased, loving the feeling of John's warm, heavy weight on top of his body, the rise and fall of John's chest and the rhythmic, reassuring pulse of John's heart intimate in their gentle pressures on his skin. "And no, no forced swelling," he agreed quietly, placing a kiss to the top of John's head. He had not planned to make John swell in the first place, but he knew the verbal agreement would comfort his mate. "I want to enjoy you being pregnant for forty long weeks, watch you grow slowly, becoming bigger and heavier with each passing week." He traced a finger thoughtfully along the back of the Omega's neck. "Tell me honestly, John - would you like me to have you fitted for a collar? You can choose when and how often to wear it, of course - even if only in play, as you said…"
to choose... tell me how I can please you," he purred, his Omega instincts soothed by the idea of allowing his Alpha to claim what he liked, doing anything he wanted to make up for having let him down twice that day. "Tell me when you want it." He went back to sucking Sherlock's neck, licking up to his jaw, kissing his cheekbones, rubbing his face against his mate's soft dark curls. "You command me, my Alpha."
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise in his throat, his other hand dropping defeatedly into his pocket. Ever since John had teased him that morning, he'd been trying to sneak a touch to his Omega's breasts - he knew he probably deserved the teasing after the events of the previous day, but he couldn't help but see John's sly playfulness as a challenge, and he wanted to win at this little game. However, his mate had proved a more worthy opponent than he'd expected, smoothly batting his hand away at some moments, or - whether to intentionally thwart him or no - turning to hold onto him at others, making it impossible for Sherlock's fingers to covertly reach their destination. "I don't think it bests anything we saw yesterday," he said, kissing his Omega gently on the cheek. "I agree," John hummed pleasantly, smiling at the kiss. "Shall we see the next one, then?"
His eyes were soft and hooded as he gazed towards Sherlock, utterly open and trusting; he'd have followed Sherlock anywhere in that moment. Wordlessly he spread his legs, inviting his mate to do with him as he wished.
Sherlock so much, fucking him, hot and needy, and before he could stop it his Alpha's name spilled from his lips, erotic and pleading. "
He wriggled and made breathy little squeals of pleasure as Sherlock's tongue laved across his hole, the sensations shooting sparks of pure pleasure through him.
"Absolutely," Sherlock smiled against his future wife's cheek, "Yes, we absolutely can. It will be helpful when we tour, and I know how much you will love being able to picture our nursery. If we find things we like, we can have the store hold them on layaway until we choose a home to put them in." He kissed John happily, excited at the prospect of providing something that would make his Omega so content. Soon they would have a large house, too - more than enough to shelter his mate and pups and keep them comfortable. The Alpha in him purred, satisfied.
The servant was panting heavily, clawing at the bedding, whining helplessly at the onslaught; when John paused for air he rolled back over and kissed his way down John's body, gently pushing his knees apart so he could return the favour.
Sherlock brought the little boy to his mate quickly, whining as he presented the newest member of their family, Benedict David. The tiny Alpha squalled; he'd wailed relentlessly from the moment he'd drawn his first breath, his tiny face red with frustration, refusing to stop. He hiccuped and quieted immediately when placed near his mother, opening his eyes and blinking innocently at John as if he'd caused no trouble at all. Sherlock banded the pup's ankle and set a blue hat over its fluffy auburn curls. He nuzzled his Omega worriedly, pushing strong love and pride through the bond and licking the tears from his mate's cheeks.
Sherlock's pupils immediately blew wide. Only a sliver of colour was visible around the black pools as the Alpha growled low in reply and pulled his mate into a deep, possessive kiss. "That's what you want, yes?" he murmured, giving John no time to reply between kisses, "To be so utterly, undeniably submissive, pliant to my every wish, only made to please me, to be used by me-" His knot swelled even larger, causing them both to moan into each other's mouths, Sherlock beginning to pant as he felt himself close to another release. "Nearly animal, only able to call me 'Sir'..." A hand trailed down to his mate's belly and he purred, imagining a collared and hugely pregnant John kneeling on the bed, touching himself and moaning as if he were in a pornographic film, displaying himself utterly for his Alpha.
Thank you all for your lovely comments so far! Since this was written as an RP there isn't a fully-formed plot; this is mostly indulgent porn that a plot happened to seep its way into, but we think it's a good plot in the end :D As such the chapters are sorted mainly by where a natural break in the story comes, so if you haven't seen everything you were hoping for yet please bear with us, there is more action and plot (and of course plenty of sex!) yet to come :)
"Enjoying the view, my Alpha? You can see my huge belly swollen in front of you, stuffed full of your litter... and you can feel the breasts I need to feed them around your cock, you gave me these too... so lush and full of milk to feed your pups," John murmured seductively, licking at Sherlock's balls when they swung over his mouth. "Does it feel good, fucking my breasts, Sherlock? Forcing your thick Alpha cock between my ripe, milky tits?" he whispered, smirking and lapping at his mate's balls again.
and he wanted the horrid clawing feeling in his chest to go away. He simply didn't know how. He had never been taught how to make a sincere apology.
The Alpha made them walk the entire house, first. In each room they looked at, Sherlock stood behind his mate, long fingers sliding under the hem of John's jumper to cup and stroke the gravid mound beneath; though John's garments were form-fitting, the material, designed to stretch and accommodate growth to the size of about nine months, gave way easily to make room for his hands. The Omega would whimper, prompting Sherlock to remind him teasingly to use his words - what did he like about the room? Wasn't the fireplace lovely? The children's bedrooms would be such nice sizes, wouldn't they?
Before the Alpha could reply the car descended smoothly down a slope into an underground car park, the entrance of the club visible on the far side; a sleek black door with no handle or bell flanked by two carefully pruned bay trees, a doorman in a top hat standing by to take the names of the clients. There was no way to get in without having made a reservation and John relaxed, glad that he wouldn't have to be naked on the street. "Go on then... Help me out of this- well I can't even call it a bikini, can I? It's too small for that. Just... If you want me naked..."
Once again, he hurried out of the room and to the pantry, where an enormous box was tucked away in the corner. The other Omegas did most of the cooking, and so Sherlock had been confident John wouldn't even enter the small room to glimpse the unusual addition. He didn't bother to open it, but had to bend at the knees as he lifted its hefty mass, feeling the weight of the three enormous tiers inside.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side, listening curiously to his Omega's interruption. His hands still worked over John's belly, but more gently, staying John's release until he could reply. "I can show you the charts later, if you like," he purred, "The catalogues, the journals... I've written it all down, of course... But yes, I know you want to hear it now," he soothed, smirking at John's mental image as his mate gave a needy whine. "It's like liquid heat," he rumbled, trailing kisses along John's neck, "Pure, white-hot pleasure pooling and pulsing, intensifying as it swells..." He sighed in pleasure as he thought of it, "When I'm inside you it's exquisite... So tight, a perfect pressure around me... My mind goes blank, wiped of everything besides instinct and desire... And knotting you, feeling you clench around me,
"We'll definitely need as much space as we can afford... I don't want to move too far outside London, though. Somewhere in the suburbs, so we can still get the train or the tube in to the city. How close we remain to the centre of London will really depend on how many bedrooms we can get for our budget," he said thoughtfully. "I don't really have any particular criteria other than lots of bedrooms, a decent sized garden and a big kitchen. We'll need one with a family of fifteen to feed..."
Sherlock growled, watching as John's teats heaved and leaked heavily, feeling his pups against him. He pressed at the small of John's back, drawing the Omega to press even further against him. This was just the beginning, and it was already like something out of an Alpha's pornographic fantasy. He just needed John more wanton, more desperate, more lewd. He allowed his mate to fawn over him for a few moments longer before tugging the leash back.
for so long, that now... I love the thought of you owning me so completely, making me yours in every way possible. But you do too, don't you? You want me big and pregnant for you all the time, constantly carrying more of your young in my womb, showing everyone how virile you are... You know most microheats only produce one or two pups? But you managed another litter... My perfect Alpha. Love you. Love how you've filled me up, how I'll have a round little belly again in no time." He yawned and smoothed his cheek over his mate's shoulder. "We should rest while we can," he murmured. "The pups will start to wake and demand milk soon, and with thirteen of them crying at once we won't get much rest," he grinned, "this is going to be a madhouse. Feeds every four hours, for thirteen pups, for weeks... but we can handle it," he finished confidently. "Our pack will help us. And they'll help with our triplets, and they'll help with the next pups you put in me..."
got me full of big... healthy... babies..." Each word was punctuated by a grunt as another contraction hit and the baby moved a little further through him.
John tilted his head to allow the kisses, moaning softly at the attention. "Don't do that," he murmured, quickly realising his mistake and continuing hurriedly. "Don't say it's nothing, I can feel it, Sherlock. Something is bothering you - please, tell me what it is?" He nuzzled his Alpha's jaw, kissing his neck, nibbling the shell of his ear. "What do
Sherlock started and looked up; clipboard in hand, he'd been peering curiously at the re-formed pile of weighed, measured, and dressed pups on the bed. "John," he grinned, his eyes shining brighter as he met his mate's gaze. He put his work aside and shuffled closer to his Omega, minding the pups at John's large breasts as he leaned in to kiss his mate and nuzzle at John's scent gland. He shifted and cozied up behind his mate, letting John rest back against him, and watched his children suckle healthily. He inquired about John's health and feelings through the bond, not wanting to frustrate the Omega if he wasn't yet able to communicate with the complexity of sentences.
Sherlock's look softened at John's sadness. "I'm sorry, my Omega, I was only playing. Please don't feel badly - you haven't disappointed me." He crawled forward more and placed a kiss to the small of his mate's back, rubbing a hand over the swell of John's belly and purring in approval. "You're right, you're my pet, but I just wanted to see my pet being a little bit
"John, you remember Sebastian Wilkes," Sherlock said tensely, "Though I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't - you've both changed quite a bit since then." He kept his hand on John's round belly, stroking it more softly, his Omega's scent and presence calming him, "I believe it is some of the generous reward from that case of his that we have put away for our
John groaned desperately after only a few minutes, unused as he was to this kind of stimulation on his cock.
Sherlock grinned delightedly. He nuzzled his brother's neck in return, placing a small, affectionate kiss on the lightly freckled skin. While the gold certainly showed the family held a deep regard for the Alpha, the gifts were traditional wear for a pack leader; armbands had been worn by pack leaders for thousands of years to distinguish their position and the size of their pack. Wrist cuffs were a slightly later development, designed to be visible even when the armband was hidden beneath clothing. With careful deference, Sherlock lifted the armband from the box first as he stroked the supple area of Mycroft's upper arm while it would be placed. "Please, brother - will you let your pack fasten them for you?"
Sherlock nodded, obligingly stroking his mate's cheek with the back of his hand, "I'll take up our options with John when he's both conscious and coherent enough to understand what I'm talking about." The Alpha sighed, grunting softly as John shifted against him. "Doctor," he asked, "What is the progression of a modern-day pregnant Omega into their full instinct, versus that of a modern-day Alpha partner?" He watched as John rubbed against his chest, the Omega purring softly in his sleep, "John is becoming.. less John, less lucid extremely quickly. Unless we're having intercourse, I'm rarely in my own Alpha, and even then--" He paused, swallowing, "How long will it take for me to follow him?"
Arthur gripped the bottle and sucked tenaciously, watching his parents with wary eyes as John chuckled. "Won't be trying that again anytime soon, will you?" he smirked, rubbing Blake's back soothingly. Slumped against Sherlock's thigh Enora was busily trying to push herself upright, paying no attention to anyone; Miles and Lucy were investigating their new rattles, shaking them at each other vigorously and babbling in agreement with each others’ conclusions. John purred softly as he watched his family; the babies were growing more active and curious by the day, and soon they would be able to crawl.
He waited until Sherlock met his eyes before licking his lips very slowly and deliberately; to the other two it looked like nothing more than thoughtfulness, but John knew his own Alpha would know better.
Mycroft looked up as they entered the lounge. The pups had him pinned to the floor, curled up asleep and purring all over his chest and legs, Imogen nuzzled into the hollow at his throat. "Good evening, brother dear," he greeted Sherlock warmly, taking care to keep his voice low so he didn't wake the babies. "I trust you had a pleasant evening?
Lestrade shook his head vigorously as he emerged into the clean air, like a dog emerging from a lake, trying to rid himself of the scent of heat. "Donovan, you're a Beta. Get in there and arrest Moriarty, will you? He's naked and in heat."
"Ah, Lestrade," Sherlock murmured, releasing the plump, engorged nipple in his mouth and looking up at the DI from the pillow of John's milky breasts. He rested his head on the Omega's chest and draped a hand lazily over John's comically enormous belly, purring. "Would you come in for a moment - we do have one more thing to ask of you." The other Alpha looked surprised at being asked to re-enter the nest after the pack scenting; he was an outsider, and didn't want to unbalance what had just been done. The younger Alpha would be incredibly territorial, as well, after such an incident, but Sherlock was showing no signs of aggression towards the elder. Lestrade nodded in reply, keeping his head deferentially bowed as he took several steps into the nest. He still didn't dare to venture too close to the bed.
, ah, did you feel that one?!" He gripped the headboard tighter as the contraction ripped through him, turning his face away so Sherlock wouldn't see his sly grin. The Alpha was clearly enjoying this, and John wanted to encourage him, wanted to rile him up until he was almost out of his mind with lust. Last time he'd birthed he'd been too deep in instinct to be aware of much, but this time he could feel everything, and the mere thought of pushing out Sherlock's pups made his cock throb. "God, Sherlock,
Sherlock moaned loudly, John's dripping wetness slicking his cock. A part of him was curious how far he could push his Omega, how incoherent John would become in his need for his cock, but he wanted his mate; the more John licked, the more he felt his cock swell, and he couldn't suppress the desire to be inside the Omega any longer. Gripping John's hips, he lifted the Omega up over his large erection and pressing into his tight hole, letting him down again until he was seated in his lap. "Such a little slut for me, aren't you, my pretty little Omega?" he snarled, his eyes shining.
John perked up a little at the mention of help and wriggled to the edge of the bed, holding his hands out so Sherlock could haul him to his feet. He followed Sherlock into the kitchen like a trusting little duckling, only just stopping himself from clinging to Sherlock's arm. He sat obediently in the chair Sherlock pointed to and answered the unspoken question with a small, petulant pout, so the Alpha would know he was displeased with not having his magnificent cock buried in his arse right that second. "Bacon and beans. Grapefruit and yoghurt. Then a fried onion and banana omelette. With apple juice. Please," he added, unable to suppress a smile at the way his mate's eyes widened. He wasn't sure if it was from lust, being impressed he could eat that much or surprise at the new craving.
"Yes, Sherlock, yes," John moaned lustfully, feeling his milk draining with every squeeze, bouncing faster, "need you so badly... Always want it, it was torture my last heat when I could smell you, wanted to come down and climb on, rub myself against you until you gave in... Ah!" he arched, the jets being squeezed from him growing weaker and thinner, until finally he was milked dry. "God, keep touching me, Sherlock, don't stop," he begged, leaning back against his chest, rocking with his thrusts until he came, his come spurting onto the wall and being washed away by the spray just like his milk. "God, Sherlock, so good... Think I'll need to be milked twice a day from now on... Ah! We should... We should get a pump soon... You fucked so many babies into me, Sherlock, oh god... Yes, that's it, don't stop... Oh, the pups are moving, they're moving, they know their daddy is taking care of me," he panted, coming again with a small scream.
A deep purr resonated through John as he felt his Alpha's approval wash over him, followed by tender crooning as Lucy finished nursing and he gently offered her to his mate to be scented. He sighed happily as the babies kicked and stretched, unconsciously tangling their fingers, as if afraid they might drift away from each other. As his mate lay Lucy on the bed next to her sister and brothers, John felt a sharp pang in the birth canal and grunted, letting Sherlock know the next pup was coming. He began to pant lightly again as he contracted and pushed; the pain had been mild so far, but it felt a little stronger with this one. He mewled as the baby forced its way outwards, the weight of it utterly filling him, his hole once again parting and stretching as the baby's head pushed against his perineum, slowly gaping wider and wider. The Omega mewled, gazing at his mate, pushing with each contraction, the constant pressure against his prostate making his little cock jump to attention. This pup felt a little bigger than the others; not by much, but enough to make the birth slower. John moaned and pushed again, feeling the moment the head emerged, and then the shoulders, his hole starting to grow tender and sore, until finally with one last long push the baby was forced out of him. He mewed in surprise as another pup, this time a little smaller than the others, slid easily into his birth canal, almost all the way to his entrance; it only took him six pushes to birth it. He blinked at his Alpha, vocalising aimlessly as he lay there, still helpless under the weight of his belly, unable to stop birthing his mate's pups.
Sherlock kept his face buried in the softness of John's breast. Between John or anybody, he would always choose John. He had killed Moriarty for him, and knew very well that he would have killed Anderson, too, for trying to poach his mate. The Alpha trembled and snuffled softly, rooting for his mate's nipple until John guided it into his mouth. He gulped down the milk needily, the sensation only adding to the insistent burning in his groin. Sherlock's cock had swollen obscenely large overnight; coming on his mate the day before had helped, but the longer he went without knotting John, the more it grew and thickened, and the moodier the Alpha became. He began to rut slowly against John's thigh as he suckled, undulating his hips, displaying the enormous size of his member to the Omega.
Sherlock tried to breathe deeply, the storm behind his eyes not quite receding. "I don't know if I can promise that," he said honestly, something dangerous lurking in his voice. "You will have to call them ahead - make sure they know that we won't want it under any circumstances, that they do not so much as hint at such things in front of me. I have thirteen children to protect, John. I cannot guarantee I can hold against my instincts in a scenario where it is even suggested that even one of them should not survive."
"Don't stop, my Omega," Sherlock moaned, his knot still enormous, keeping him locked inside his mate. John's every movement pulled another wave of pure pleasure from the swelling, the Omega's internal muscles closed tightly around his entire length. "Tell me how much you love this- I want you moaning on my cock, begging like a slut for your third climax even though you've just reached your second. Want you to rub your belly while you moan about how much you love being like this, how full and sensitive my pups have made you-"
"Yes," Sherlock breathed, kissing his mate's neck, his jaw, his cheek. He shifted his Omega's body, helping John turn to lie on his side, the full girth of his belly supported by the nest. "Safe," he intoned, tugging the warm cocoon of blankets over their naked bodies, pressing himself up against his mate's back. His erection pressed hotly between John's legs; he only had to cant his hips backwards a little before his cock was breaching his mate's wet entrance. He gasped as John's tight heat engulfed him, the Omega's internal muscles clenching eagerly around his enormous member, already attempting to milk his pleasure.
husband declaring in front of everyone how much he loves me, making such a good speech, feeding me, curling up in my lap and nursing from me, letting me sleep on him, feeding me cake by hand, catching up with our guests and a wonderful set of deductions... I couldn't have asked for better. Just the photographs to go, and then you can take me to bed." He purred a little louder for his Alpha, nuzzling into his arm, allowing his mate to wheel him into the small room set up as a photographic studio. He gripped Sherlock's hands as he was heaved out of the chair and waddled over to the silk-draped seating, having to clutch Sherlock's arm to manage the short distance. He purred loudly as Sherlock pulled him into his lap and rubbed his nose affectionately against his mate's, smiling, as the photographer began to snap pictures.
Sherlock looked up sharply at the change in his mate's voice, feeling John's concern shift into shame and distress. "John, don't," he said, pulling out of the embrace just enough to sit up and cup his mate's face determinedly between his hands. "I don't
Omegas - a rare few, who develop almost deadly complications when they go into heat. It is very hard to find, and even more difficult to acquire. It is only administered under the most dire circumstances, as its side effects are both devastating and permanent. You see, it effectively
. His innate instincts tugged at him, but he knew what he needed to get back to. There were stronger instincts than just heat.
"Mmm," John hummed, smiling and laying his palms lightly on Sherlock's chest, accepting the cake with an affectionate lick to his mate's fingers. He savoured it greedily, pushing his belly forward to be rubbed some more as he began to roll his hips just a little. "So good," he breathed, "tastes so good. Perfect cake. More, please, Alpha?" he begged prettily, eyelids fluttering as he felt his mate's thick cock filling him. He could feel every inch of it, pulsing in time with Sherlock's heartbeat; he felt so
"Oh, love, no more apologies," John soothed softly, cradling Sherlock in his arms, rubbing his back, nuzzling his hair. "I was too angry to try to understand. But I understand now, and I wouldn't have wanted to waste an egg either. It's alright, love." He kissed his mate's hair, pushing more love and forgiveness through their bond. "Never again, I promise," he whispered, gently pushing his mate towards one plump, leaking nipple, encouraging him to latch on. "Let me nurse you, my darling," John murmured tenderly, "there will still be plenty for the pups. Suckle my milk while you take me, let me show you how completely I'm still yours." He began to cant his hips minutely, encouraging his Alpha to move in him again, purring quietly in welcome as Sherlock's cock pushed fully inside him again.
"John," Sherlock breathed, heaving a blissful sigh as they lay on their sides together. He cupped the Omega's rounded middle in his hands, rubbing it tenderly, and shifted his leg over John's. "We have the most wonderful family in the world," he purred, smiling and kissing John again. "And our children are the most gorgeous pups to have ever existed. And you, of course, are the most perfect mate." The Alpha's eyes gleamed with joy and pride, even as they grew heavy and began to close. "I can't believe we're doing this again," he murmured, "We are mad indeed, but  I wouldn't have it any other way. Normal's... boring..." Sherlock yawned widely, finding John's fingers and twining them with his own. He nuzzled against his mate, and soon they both were fast asleep, their slow, deep breaths perfectly in sync.
After nearly half an hour of pushing, panting, and groaning, John finally felt the baby pushing against his hole and sighed in relief, giving one big push so he'd feel it crown - but something felt wrong. His eyes widened and he mewled at his mate, distressed -
Still mostly full from the earlier feed, the pups didn't take long; soon they were all wriggling contentedly on the bed, with John pressing himself hopefully against Sherlock, his pulse a little faster, breathing a little shallower, mewling and lapping his scent gland.
he replied, taking advantage of the position to cup John's full, lush arse before trailing back up one plump curve.
. Keeping himself propped with one arm, he began to move slowly, deepening the kiss as he did. Their bellies pressed together, his free hand sought John's overfull teats, caressing one dripping mound tenderly as he allowed his gaze to flicker down for a moment, to see how it shone wetly, glistening and flecked with water droplets from the spray. The Alpha set a languid rhythm, a slow, sensual rise and fall, like a gentle wave, their bodies sliding back and forth against the wet floor beneath.
Keeping his own hands pressed into the cushions of the sofa, Sherlock watched John with pleasure; he was more keen on the way the Omega touched himself and not him, displayed himself and mewled about how big he was. It was a private form of exhibitionism, and as close to his own fantasies as his mate would likely allow, unless John was serious about letting the Alpha show him off naked to Mycroft. His dripping erection pressed up between John's cheeks, eager to enter the Omega, but Sherlock was letting his mate decide when that would be; he was here to watch, for his Omega to hopefully figure out how to get him off, remember what he liked. The results had been slightly disappointing thus far, but were improving as time went on. With a thoughtful raise of an eyebrow, he adjusted their positions - briefly taking John's hips to turn him as he turned himself to lie sideways on the couch, his torso slightly propped up by the pillows. Now he could have a full, uninterrupted view of his mate as he straddled Sherlock and presented himself. John pushed his gravid belly forward helplessly, and the Alpha moaned.
John took a deep breath. "Do what you have to," he whispered, eyes fixed on his Alpha in understanding. He knew Sherlock needed to be the one to eliminate this threat. "Give Greg your scarf, wrap it round his hand, and - would you... Would you let him into the nest to hold my hand until you're back?" He gripped the sheets tighter, crying out as a strong contraction coursed through him.
"Oh god, is my face on fire? It has to be. I've actually burst into flames and my face is burning," John groaned to his mate, looking at the floor, mortified. "I can't believe everyone saw that..." He risked a glance upwards and saw most of the guests happily tucking in to their food, but Sherlock's mother was still gazing at them with shining eyes. "Maybe you should go talk to your mother," John murmured softly. "She looks upset. Even Mrs Hudson's having no luck cheering her up and you know how determined she can be." He clasped his hands around his glass of icy water, cooling his hands and using them to calm the scarlet blush from his face. He was surprised he didn't hiss when his hands touched his cheeks.
Sherlock responded silently. He lowered John enough so the Omega could stand briefly, then carefully swept him up again into a bridal carry. He let the water run over them for another minute longer, continuing his tender affections as the water washed away the slick between John's legs and the mess on his cock, then shut the tap. Soon, the freshly-towelled Omega was lain out on the bed. It was so tempting to take John again like this; his Alpha wanted to go further and take John downstairs in his natural state, to keep him curled up on his knees like a lapdog to stroke and display his claim in front of the new Alpha and his mate. But rationally he knew that John would not be happy with that decision once he came to himself. After a few lingering kisses, he reluctantly pulled away to fetch clothes for his Omega and for himself.
John mewed desperately, letting every little wanton sound that wanted to spill from his lips escape; he kept his arm around the servant's shoulders to help keep himself upright but dropped the other to the lower curve of his rounded belly, cupping it lovingly, lifting it just a little to feel the weight of the wriggling triplets inside. When the servant began to grope his full breasts, milking him expertly, the doctor had to use every shred of his self-control to avoid coming on the spot; feeling someone else's hands on him like this, under his Alpha's firm directions, felt both thrilling and reassuring at once.
John hummed happily as he milked himself, spraying the creamy liquid over his mate's face and chest as well as dripping it over his own body. He arched decadently, rubbing his walls against the knot, mewling quietly, pushing his chest and belly out towards his Alpha, gyrating on top of him, smiling in satisfaction at obeying and pleasing him. He worked his milk into his skin, making himself glisten, until finally he was empty and he twisted back around to face Sherlock's feet, letting Sherlock guide him back onto his side to lie beside him. As Sherlock's hands snaked around his waist, pressing and stroking at the heavy bump, he let his eyes slide closed, murmuring to the pups, praising their daddy, telling them what a strong Alpha he was, how well he'd take care of them all, scent them so everyone would know their lineage, protect them, how gorgeous the man was, how pure his genes were. He fell asleep like that, Sherlock's arms around him, his murmuring slowing to mumbles than then occasional grunts as he drifted off.
"Right. As I'm sure you can see, your Alpha is concussed. He has performed poorly on vision, memory, and coordination tests, and some of his symptoms are unusually severe. I'm going to recommend a CT scan," the Beta informed John. "I don't think there's internal bleeding, but we need to be certain. We can fit him in as soon as he... finishes. No matter what we find, however, he'll need to stay overnight for observation."
Smiling, John stroked his Alpha's hair as he suckled, humming in approval and pushing satisfaction through the bond.
Sherlock's cock twitched again, heavily interested. "You think I haven't deduced it?" he breathed with a smirk, taking advantage if the moment to touch John's belly further, splay his fingers greedily over the sticky skin, feel the weight of the swell in his hands. He nipped gently at his Omega's ear. "You can no longer change positions in bed without my help. Even walking is beginning to be cumbersome to you now - your waddle has grown deeper over this past week." He purred happily. "You're becoming more reliant, daily growing closer to needing me to do every little thing for you." With a press of his lips to his mate's scent gland, he pulled away, observing his mate's heavy body with pleasure as he helped John from the bed. He licked his lips as they began to walk towards the bathroom, John's encumbered gait sending blood rushing to the Alpha's groin.
John's breath hitched as his Alpha rutted against his belly, tilting his face up to seek more attentions - but his belly was too big for his mate to reach. Mycroft met his brother's eyes and waited for assent before he carefully reached out and began carding a hand through the Omega's hair, soothing him. John sighed happily, keeping his eyes fixed on his mate but leaning in to his pack Alpha's touch. He let out a tiny, tentative purr, increasing in volume when his mate rewarded him with faster, more frantic thrusts.
. Besides... the bigger the pups are, the healthier they'll be... Hmmm... We should eat, now. There's plenty for both of us, I ordered a double portion... Mmm, I don't want to get off your cock just yet though." He pressed his forehead into his Alpha's shoulder, enjoying being filled for a little while longer before finally slipping off, ignoring the come trickling back down his thighs and walking on shaky legs to the kitchen table. He heated the food and set it out on plates for them both, carrying them to the table before sitting back in his own chair, his fork untouched. He gazed at Sherlock, a playful smirk creeping onto his face. "I want you to feed me, Sherlock. Force me to eat as much as I can handle so you can command me to swell for you, give your pups plenty of fuel."
The next chapter will be darker. We might see some unwelcome faces. There will be more timeskips and the gaps between the timeskips will be longer. Sit tight!
"But yesterday," the Alpha breathed in protest, "How can I forgive myself? How can I trust myself, knowing I did that to you, that I allowed the others to do that to you..?" John was so blissfully happy, but Sherlock remained mired in his guilt. He kept John held close, knowing his mate's words were true - that he could never break them - but not trusting that he wouldn't slip again, that he wouldn't take things too far. He had to be on guard against himself now, always, for John's sake.
Alpha, and you are my sweet, perfect Omega." He kept up his rhythm, rolling his hips in smooth but firm thrusts. "It pleases me immensely to see you like this, so...
. The words tumbled out in a rush, the Alpha finally communicating in his desperation to soothe his hurt mate,
John purred happily as he swallowed what he could before pulling back, allowing the rest of Sherlock's release to spurt over his face and breasts. He crawled up beside Sherlock and sat beside him, contentedly rubbing the semen into his skin, ensuring he was well scented, purring again as Sherlock licked his face clean. When he was satisfied that he was thoroughly scent-marked he reached out to stroke Sherlock's curls, pushing his chest forward invitingly. "Milk me?" he asked playfully, his lips quirking into a small smile. "And then we can check out that crimescene... nowhere safer, surrounded by police," he reasoned, whining a little as his milk began to leak.
- how did people do this? "If... Perhaps sometime you... both... might...," he gestured vaguely, "You'd be more than welcome to... we'd be amenable to the idea of... if you might like to, ah,
eager - too much desire and maybe he would hurt John again. Instead, he loved his mate softly, suckling lovingly at his scent gland, stroking his belly reverently, quiet in response to John's words except for more kisses and the sound of his heavy breathing as he claimed his Omega. When he felt close, he brought a hand between them, carefully working John's small cock in time with his own, and when he came it was almost gently, with a groan that was no more than a breath. He stayed inside as he released, making sure John had his pleasure, and to his own surprise stayed that way when they were both spent, as he trembled and buried his face in John's neck.
was not his idea of a pleasant afternoon - but he was getting used to having friends, and was glad of Lestrade's company. The pack Alpha managed a smile and a nod, and the two Alphas stepped out into the sunshine together.
Mycroft relaxed visibly when Sherlock entered the room and slipped away discreetly after acknowledging his brother. He knew they would scent each other, would probably want to have sex, and he didn't much want to listen. He left a note for them, informing them how to summon one of his cars for a secure lift home, and went back to running the country.
John purred happily at the words. "That would be lovely... Mmm. I do want you with me, I want to clean you like a good Omega. Then tomorrow I will actually need some maternity clothes, I have very little that still fits," he mumbled shyly, knowing his Alpha wanted to display his bump as much as possible. "What day is it tomorrow? I can't remember if we're looking at houses tomorrow or the day after," he hummed, kissing Sherlock's chest.
. It was said without irony or cliché; John meant it, felt it deep in his core. He'd never been one to play the damsel in distress, but he found that he didn't mind being rescued if it was Sherlock doing the rescuing - quite the opposite.
The Omega panted and mewled as his Alpha spoke, breathless with lust at the attentions of his possessive, protective mate. He began to wail in pleasure, his cries rising in volume and pitch the closer he got to orgasm, his mate's hands on him feeling sublime, the pups wriggling happily in his womb, knowing their father's touch, Sherlock's breath on his neck feeling like electricity, and suddenly Sherlock's teeth were buried in the bondbite and his knot was
, look, like this..." John made short work of his buttons and lifted his vest, exposing his seven-month-pregnant belly to the cool air. "Wank off over my stomach and then rub it in," John instructed, his voice thick with lust. "The rest will have to wait until you're cleared by a doctor
... With a powerful roar, his knot breached the strong ring of muscle and plunged into his Omega, swelling immediately to plug John as his seed poured into him.
On the bed, John carefully picked up a few more wriggling pups, holding them close, nuzzling them and purring. He adored constantly having his arms full of his Alpha's pups, always feeding two of them, knowing that three more were already beginning to grow inside him. The elder Omegas laid the rest of the babies on the bed and went to fetch the shopping, restocking the cupboards and the two enormous fridge-freezers, bringing more packs of John's milk out to thaw for the next feeding. John was glad of the extra time with his babies, purring softly to them as they squirmed in contentment at their mother's scent.
As the pair lay together in the nest, John gradually came back to himself, helped by Sherlock's devoted care and meticulous attentions. Finally he opened his eyes fully, that unmistakeable trace of intelligence in them, his rational mind back in full force. "Sherlock," he breathed, wriggling as he tried to get closer to his mate, succeeding only in crawling half on top of him. He buried his nose in the crook of his Alpha's neck and inhaled deeply. John was exhausted, and could feel the tug of sleep, but he needed his mate first. "How was - was I, I mean, was it - the club, did it -" he stammered nervously; he wanted to ask whether his performance at the club at satisfied the Alpha, but didn't quite know how, and let his feelings flow through the bond instead, showing Sherlock everything, how he had been blissed out of his mind, and how he hoped his submission had been everything the Alpha had wanted out of the experience.
Sherlock raised his eyes just a little, sadly peeking up from where he was nuzzling his son. He blushed, chastened and embarrassed by John's initial reply. He had thought incoherent was what it was supposed to be like, and that John would just
had had to clean up because his Alpha was too injured to provide. He clenched his jaw and breathed deeply, sinking into black self-loathing.
"That one next," John demanded quietly, pointing at the sleek crimson-wrapped gift brought by Mycroft. His eyes welled up a little when Sherlock destroyed the paper to reveal thirteen little sets of dogtags and he raised his eyes to the other Alpha, seeking.
, he echoed, chuckling lowly. All that had happened between them began because he couldn't find a box.
. The doctor cupped Sherlock's cheek tenderly with one hand and rested the other lightly on his waist, gazing trustingly up at him, keeping their eyes locked, exhaling in a stuttering breath as the Alpha rocked his hips and pushed the head of his huge member inside him. He pressed back into it, wanting more, wanting all of it, feeling like his skin was on fire, every touch like electricity - anything Sherlock did to him could only bring him more wonderful, sensual pleasure. Not wanting to miss a second of his mate's expressions, John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock as he pushed the rest of the way in with small grunts and moans; the Omega began to pant and keen as his Alpha filled him, clinging more tightly to his mate.
John cooed and squealed in bliss, the scent of the pups in his belly blooming and growing stronger, encouraging and rewarding the Alpha. John was too far gone to be capable of anything but simple adoration of his mate, blind admiration that wrapped around him and promised loyalty and comfort, but the feelings flowing between them were easy enough to discern;
Sherlock quietly considered his two choices, before latching on to the slightly heavier left breast. The Alpha sighed contentedly as he began to suckle. Held in his Omega's maternal embrace, each pull from John's teat filling his upset stomach with warm, soothing milk, the Alpha began to relax. He made pliant little noises as he nursed, keeping his eyes open at John's coaxing. The unborn pups kicked against their sire, sensing his presence, and Sherlock smoothed a steady hand over the movement.
"As you wish," Sherlock breathed against the Omega's skin. He dragged his teeth over John's scent gland, the taste of his mate filling his mouth, the possessive action triggering his release. His body naturally desired to reclaim his partner, to ensure John smelled of him and only him, and that everyone knew it. Sherlock shuddered and groaned as he came, the pleasure trigging a wash of emotions that he could not file away all at once. His hips and hands continued their work while his mind went offline in ecstasy. As he came back, still thrusting into his mate, the feelings were neatly filed away one by one, leaving Sherlock free to concentrate on his wife's climax.
told you why I'm really here, Johnny boy. I can give Sherlock everything he ever wanted - the excitement, the adoration, the
John hummed and relaxed under Sherlock's tongue, nuzzling into his Alpha's hair as he was kissed, clenching a little around the huge knot that still filled him and sighing in pleasure. He could sense his mate's guilt through their bond and stroked a soft hand over his cheek to absolve him. "It wasn't your fault, Sherlock. Nobody could have predicted he'd act like that. You saw Lestrade and Donovan, they were as shocked as you, and they've known him much longer. Mmm... I really do want to get the nursery started," he admitted, blushing, stroking his bump proudly. "I can wait for this weekend. You've got important things to do and it will give me time to do the research into the areas, the schools and the local shops and the transport links." He kissed Sherlock's lips tenderly and let him go back to kissing and licking his scent gland, giving off a
Sherlock inhaled sharply. It could work - it wouldn't stop the inevitable, but for now... He gave a ghost of a smile, "Oh, John - that's brilliant." Sherlock kept his gaze fixed on his mate, clearing his throat and drawing his focus. It felt a bit ridiculous, but a true order required a certain feeling of command behind it, necessitated that Sherlock recede just a fraction into his Alpha. He could feel his instinct rising, tilting his chin up and setting his shoulders back as sensations of pride and power flowed warmly through him. "I order you to stay out of your Omega while I fuck you," he echoed seriously, exhaling as he felt the force of the request travel through their bond. His Alpha receded immediately, leaving the consulting detective seeming somewhat diminished and smaller.
Sherlock circled his tongue slowly around the Omega's puckered entrance, before placing his lips over the tight opening. He suckled gently at first, creating pressure on the sensitive skin, then opened his mouth just the slightest bit more. The Alpha dragged his teeth across the rosy, pink flesh as another wave of slick gushed from John's hole. It splashed over Sherlock's tongue, filling his mouth and dribbling obscenely down his chin. He growled deeply as he was overwhelmed, the delicious, heady taste of
For just a moment, the youngest member dared to peep up. Barely twenty years old, Remington had spent all his life under Siger's hand, but had been somewhat shielded by his mother and by Siger's utter disgust with his secondary sex. Omega males were utterly worthless in the former pack Alpha's eyes, and so Siger had barely acknowledged him except to verbally deride and abuse him, when the young boy found himself so unfortunate as to accidentally end up in his presence. Remington had not even been worthy of physical beatings, in Siger's eyes - though as a young pup, he was kicked swiftly in the middle each time Siger found him underfoot, the contact lifting his small body violently from the floor and sending him sprawling in a heap several feet away. His education had been non-existent until he'd come under Mycroft's protection; Siger had seen no use for schooling - he'd never planned to release such a disgrace to his name, not even to be bred. Remington's curiosity - and personality - had blossomed slowly under the watchful eye of Mycroft's kind tutor, and of the pack Alpha himself. The waif-like, delicate ginger had been found to have a shy wittiness about him, and a latent genius that promised to equal those of his brothers'. Now, stealing a glance upwards, he'd met immediately with his half-brother's gaze, and froze in horror - but was surprised to find it kind. Sherlock had already invited Mycroft into the bed out of deference, but now he was to choose the next pack member to follow. "Remington, come," he rumbled with a smile, nuzzling John's neck adoringly.
," she beamed proudly, blushing a little as Mycroft reached out and deftly fastened the catch for her, turning her wrist to admire the way it glinted in the light.
Sherlock smirked, but not without the brief sparkle of an eager gleam in his eye. "'Next time' had better be soon," he remarked, "I think you'll find yourself hard-pressed to get me out of the house for anything less than a nine or ten in just a few short months. Give it a little longer and you'll have to video me in for anything important, if I'm not otherwise occupied." John was becoming less and less mobile, and Sherlock was finding it almost annoyingly more difficult to be away from his mate's side for any decent length of time as the weeks progressed. He'd actually caught himself
Sherlock kissed up and down John's chest and neck as the Omega spoke, John's descriptions sending thrills through his body. He squeezed John's hand back, leaning down to kiss the man again. "Four?" He murmured his guesses between kisses. "... Six? ... Seven?"
Sherlock had watched the entire progression with wide, hungry eyes, gazing eagerly on as his Omega's belly and breasts expanded slowly outwards, John's fingers digging into his arms as he trembled and grew, and grew, and grew. John's gasps and noises and looks of mixed surprise and horror at his rapidly changing body sent thrills through the Alpha. He could see the subtle changes in his Omega's form, as well - the newly-formed stretchmarks that marred his belly beautifully, the way his hips sat wider and plumper to accommodate his larger midsection, the way John's stance shifted and temporarily bent from the weight of his abdomen. When it was all finished, the Alpha tentatively stepped forward, his breathing inaudible compared to his Omega's heavy pants. His hands cupped the weight of the globe of the smaller man's stomach, fingers exploring the taut, full flesh in wonder. Quietly, he dipped his head down, taking several long pulls from each breast which made his Omega keen, tasting the slightly thicker milk as it ran over his tongue, claiming the Omega's new body. When he was finished, he looked his trembling, heavy mate in the eyes, his gaze soft, and moved in to gather John in his arms and kiss him sweetly, his hands trailing over his fuller form and exploring its new shape. John looked incredible, gorgeous... just the sight of him like this had the Alpha hard. Part of his mind was not sure whether he felt ecstasy or guilt for putting his mate through such an ordeal; should he have controlled himself and waited until John was at least seated? "How are you feeling?" he asked quietly at long last.
Sherlock gave a low groan as the fluttering contractions of John's walls pulled another orgasm from him. He continued to thrust steadily through his release, shaking a little, kissing his Omega all over. He smirked when John's hips bucked and stuttered, nipping at the shell of his mate's ear in response. "They'll all know, yes - Know how much you love being bred, how you begged for it, how your body must have been dropping eggs as fast as it could manage. They'll all see how you can't get enough of being huge and pregnant, how you're so eager to bear my young-"
John grinned fondly as he watched their babies shift in their sleep, nuzzling against each other and flexing their little fingers against their father. He snapped a quick picture on his phone and picked up a book, keeping an eye on his exhausted mate to make sure none of the babies slipped off him; they'd had a long night, some of the pups unable to settle, and the Alpha needed the rest - besides which it was good for him to have close contact with his pups like this. Miles rubbed his cheek happily against his sire, mewling, and screwed his little face up, trying to purr. John couldn't help but melt at the sight, and quickly fetched the video camera from a nearby bookcase. It bleeped quietly as it began recording, but not enough to wake them. Keeping it focussed on his mate and their children he sat back in his armchair, watching them snuggle, and then, after a tiny sigh, Miles squeaked, hummed, and let out what was unmistakeably a small, tentative purr.
On the bed, John began to whimper as he felt his passage widening further, readying itself for birth, clutching at the sheets in his distress, praying his waters didn't break naturally. The wail of sirens in the distance heralded the impending arrival of the ambulance and Lestrade called to the other Alpha as he discarded the needle. "
, he whispered, swallowing, almost reflexively shying away from the touch before stopping himself. This entire mess was his own fault, just as his Omega had implied. He did not deserve to hide from it.
"I'm well," Victor replied easily, offering Sherlock a smile. "That's my bondmate, Oliver, with the twins - Henry and Edward, they turned seven last week - and this is Caroline," he added, indicating the toddler in his arms who had inherited his floppy chocolate hair. Oliver was busy trying to persuade the twins not to climb into the duckpond, but waved over at them in greeting. John smiled and nodded back, sending another reassuring pulse of love and courage through the bond. "How have you been? I hear you made quite a name for yourself as a detective," Victor smiled encouragingly.
Seeing John present kept Sherlock tethered to reality. In the back of his mind, he'd been uneasy about allowing his dominant nature to remain at the fore once they were back inside their home and away from any potential threat. Now, with John so pliant and obviously willing, he relaxed some of his guard.
"Shall we continue with the pups' things again?" inquired the Alpha. Several of the infants had already grown bored with the rattles, and were now enraptured by the other pack members' things - Benedict had begun to reach for Mycroft's new jacket, drooling happily, and Iris was staring with wide eyes at Mrs Hudson's bracelet.
The skin underneath his hand fluttered slightly, as if the triplets within had heard their father's mention and wanted to accentuate it by making their presence known.
When they were once again alone, the Alpha's hands snaked around John's front, caressing his mate's belly with his own hands, cupping the Omega's emptied breasts, pushing his pride and approval in strong waves through their bond. His lips found John's and he kissed him deeply, his heart swelling with love for his mate and what he'd done.
Only later would he realise what Sherlock had done; for now, he was a blissfully happy Omega, thrilled that his mate wanted him again, had allowed him to carry more pups, had approved of the thirteen healthy pups he'd already given him. Sighing happily as they shifted to lie on their sides, spooned close on the sheets which still smelled of birth and sweat and sex and milk, John closed his eyes again, his instinct telling him to get as much sleep as he could manage now, because soon the pups would be strong enough to wake for longer, and would need his full attention. One hand drifted to rest on his belly, rubbing it fondly.
- but trailed into blissful cries that rolled in waves from her throat. She loved Mycroft, more than anything in the world. She had felt the pull from the moment they'd met. Never had she suspected how much she would love being bonded and bred; now, she couldn't imagine how she'd gone so long without it. Her eyes rolled back in pleasure, her fingers pressing more firmly against Mycroft's on her round middle. Heavy and full to bursting with Mycroft's pups - with the pups of a pack Alpha - she felt incredible, and incredibly powerful.
John looked at Sherlock, wide-eyed and a little horrified realising he was going to force him to swell
The Alpha felt hazy with pleasure. John managed to remain so deliciously tight despite the first two deliveries, and the Omega's birth-slick passage made every bounce and thrust silky smooth. John's belly pressed heavily against his own, the last pup kicking heartily inside, the sensation making Sherlock grin. "Looks like the little one likes it," he purred, caressing the swollen globe of John's middle, "We'd better make sure you eat the whole tray then, hmm?"
Sherlock smirked as he watched his mate struggle to accommodate his heavy middle. He took his time in taking the bite off the fork, watching John stroke his gravid belly, noticing the way his fingers trailed sensuously over the tight fabric of the plum shirt. He hummed as he swallowed, allowing his gaze to roam up to his Omega's eyes once more. "Delicious," he purred, licking his lips. "Try some of mine?" He cut a dumpling in half and offered it to John, holding it far enough to make John need to come to it just a little, but not too much.
, he explained huskily, even as he mouthed at John's neck, tasting his scent gland. He pulled back with difficulty, placing the second, smaller box on top of his Omega's belly.
"The day after," Sherlock replied as he slowly helped his mate to the bathroom and ran the water, "Though I can call after our bath and reschedule a showing or two for tomorrow, so we increase our chances of finding you somewhere to nest as soon as possible - that is, if you are comfortable with having such a busy day.  I know you wanted to look at furniture, as well - we can do that early, as well as your clothes shopping, and then tour in the afternoon. And there is showing you off to Mycroft to consider as well, my Omega."
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the stench radiating from the older body. He snapped on gloves and crouched between the victims, carefully inspecting their hair and the details of their clothing, paying particular attention to the scarves. Reaching into a deep pocket of his coat, he pulled out a pocket magnifier, efficiently examining the skin, pulling fibres from the scarves and holding them under the lens, before retrieving a small plastic baggie from the same pocket and depositing them inside. Finally, he stood, his eyes narrowed in thought. "Show-off," he declared brightly, turning to Lestrade, "Technique and originality don't substitute for cleverness. They're bright, yes, but not especially neat. I'll need evidence from the morgue - there are small flakes of skin on these scarves, nearly unnoticeable, that don't fit with notable a condition from either of the victims. You've certainly got a potential serial killer on your hands - but an amateur one."
Alistair grunted unhappily and turned back to face Sherlock, clinging stubbornly to his trousers with a vice-like grip. "Mine!" he asserted defiantly, making John crease up with laughter as he watched the tiny Alpha pup drag himself closer to Sherlock's leg. "Mine," Alistair reminded his father, snuggling closer so there was no danger of his father trying to send him away again.
Victor smiled fondly at Sherlock's typically dramatic expressions. "I have," he agreed gently. "I met Oliver during my final semester and we've been together ever since. We've been good for each other - so I guess I have to thank you. If you'd taken me up on my offer I'd never have met him," he smiled playfully, shifting the toddler on his hip. "And look... I'm sorry for the things I said when you... when you turned me down. I was hurt and upset, but you were right to do it. I can see that now, even if I couldn't then. And you've clearly found a partner who's perfect for you as well. He obviously adores you." The brown-haired Omega's eyes were soft as he glanced across at John, his posture relaxed and easy; there was no trace of jealousy or latent pining. Victor had missed Sherlock as well, but had managed to get over his feelings for the Alpha and find happiness with another, and he did not regret their missed opportunity. He had realised not long after Sherlock's rejection that they would never have worked, and if he wished for anything, it was that he hadn't ruined their friendship.
John climbed into his mate's lap, purring happily, kissing Sherlock's jawline submissively. "Such a good Alpha. So alert... making sure we're all safe," he murmured, suckling his neck. "I should have seen it coming, should have warned you. Stupid of me. But you did so well... didn't know it wasn't real." He sensed his mate's embarrassment through their bond and moved to soothe him, purring and humming, snuggling into his Alpha. "In fact... why don't I treat you to dinner tonight?" he whispered, nibbling his ear. He realised with a start they hadn't been out to dinner together since they bonded; they'd simply been too busy moving and preparing for the pups and planning the wedding.
want for the birth? I'll be so completely in my Omega it will make very little difference to me who's there other than you. I can't see you wanting to let an outsider into the nest, and even a pack Omega might be an issue - who would you have?"
He glanced up as the doorbell rang and cuddled Sherlock closer, greatly enjoying his Alpha using him as a pillow, and relaxed a little as Mycroft's voice came through from the hall. "I have brought the rest of the pack with me," he called, approaching the doorway. Beatrice waited obediently in the lounge, along with Catherine and Remington; Mycroft had been pleased when they had accepted him as pack Alpha, not just because Remington was his half-brother, but because Beatrice and Catherine had become something like sisters to each other, helping each other deal with Siger's awful moods and occasional violence. Now that they had left the Holmes estate, Mycroft had been able to find the three of them a spacious townhouse together, and the arrangement was working excellently. Catherine and Beatrice had come to rely on each other, so the mutual support did them both good; Remington was slowly improving away from Siger's negative influence and derision of Omega males as worthless.
so many of them have said their first word on the same day!" Molly exclaimed, pressing affectionate kisses to a slightly unimpressed Arthur. "Are you going to speak today too, hmm?" The pup blinked at her and shook his rattle.
Jasper latched off, finally sated. John laid him down carefully next to the still-sleeping Miranda and purred gently as his tiny son snuggled in to his sister's warmth and instantly fell asleep. "Feels like we'll have a short break before the last one," John murmured quietly, nosing into the crook of Sherlock's neck to hide his cheeky smile. "Maybe ten minutes. Can you think of anything we could do to fill the time?"
John gasped through the bond, the thought almost taboo; Omegas were meant to receive, not to be dominant in the bedroom. John quickly finished off the second drink, shyly eager to get the show started; as soon as the last of it drained from the glass his Alpha picked up a large piece of cake and held it to his lips and John struggled not to moan in pleasure as he ate it from his mate's hand like a puppy. He nuzzled Sherlock's hand and licked it clean when he was done, the pleasant fog of subspace beginning to gather at the edges of his consciousness, and he surrendered to it wholeheartedly. His breathing became shallower and quicker and he leaned closer to his mate as if he couldn't be close enough, as if any distance between them was too much.
"Dada," Felix insisted, looking at his sibling in surprise, as if he couldn't conceive of their daddy
Sherlock hummed in contentment, "I'll make sure we get the biggest, strongest bed possible, my Omega. I don't want to leave your side when you're like that. I'll lie next to you all day long, rubbing your belly and milking your breasts, fucking you as many times as you need, even just letting my cock fill you to keep you satisfied." He smiled at the thought, and purred at John's tongue on his scent gland. "You'll need so much help at the wedding. Even when you sit, you'll have to keep your legs spread to accommodate the weight of your belly. You'll look so good next to me like that, so big and pregnant. I'm not sure I'll have time to milk you in the morning with all the preparation - you'll be so full all day - we'll have to make sure the padding is quite thick, otherwise you might start leaking through it... and we wouldn't want that now, would we?" he whispered playfully.
John pressed into the contact, reaching out to grasp Sherlock's hand, needing a point of contact. "Beatrice," he murmured softly, his voice gentle, "give me your hand." He knew that expressing her own wants and opinions was still difficult for her; she would respond better to gentle commands disguised as requests at first. She snapped her gaze to his face, eyes wide, obeying meekly. John purred softly and pulled it towards him, letting it rest lightly on the topmost curve of the bump, where one of the pups had decided it needed attention. The other Omega gasped quietly and dared to press a little harder, rubbing ever so slightly. As he had with Mycroft, John found the touch was not objectionable; it wasn't like when Sherlock touched his belly, intimate and loving, but it was tolerable. The pup responded to the touch, kicking a few times before settling. John smiled at the heart-breaking joy on his mother-in-law's face, happy tears shining in her eyes. He let her touch for a few more moments before carefully taking her hand in his again and grasping it, giving it a small squeeze. She returned it weakly, barely managing to whisper "Thank you," before Mycroft decided it was time for them to say their farewells; the event had been emotionally draining enough for her already. They parted fondly and were just about to turn their attention to the rest of their guests when they heard a slurring voice from the doorway.
