“Yeah I saw that a while ago” she sends him a look he can’t decipher, he must seemed confused cause she makes a motion and her AI starts the TV right in one of the many interviews the news did to the survivors of the alien invasion, there's a young woman who he thinks was at the bank when he save it
“The kid...” she ignores the outrage squeal from her namesake and continues with a smirk in place “is Natasha Stark, genius, owner of Stark Industries, SHIELD consultant and Iron man in her free time” there is a quiet gasp from Steve, how could that little girl be Iron man?
“Doctor Banner... put down the scepter” Steve voice rings in his ears and he sees Tasha looking at him with concerned, Bruce notices a weight in his hands and soon realize that he is holding Loki’s scepter. The tense moment is broken by a beep coming from the computer, the Doctor puts the scepter down and walks to the screen alongside Tasha
“Yeah, yeah, we are full” the guy, Aldrich, steps on it by dodging Happy who is taking his role of bodyguard very seriously “Oh hey, he made it, he made the cut” Stark says mildly amuse, Happy doesn’t look charmed by that though
“So... it’s not a bomb... it’s a misfire... yet... you sold it to the mandarin didn’t you? I see you... I see you” Tasha smirks in satisfaction, she has them.
"Happy New year Tash" he holds her hand gently, feeling as his heart is going to beat its way out of his body, and kisses her knuckles softly "I love you" he whispers.
“No hard feelings at all sweetheart, in fact... all of this is to thank you, you gave me the greatest gift that anybody’s ever given me... desperation and a sense of purpose... Because, how else would I prove to you... to myself, that I’m better than all those clowns you screw around with?” Tasha rolls her eyes inwardly, so he is one of those persons ‘
“The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that. What have I to fear?” his amused tone and smile irks Tasha a little too much and to stop herself from doing something stupid, like throwing the entire bottle of good, expensive alcohol to him, she drinks the entire glass, then, she serves herself another one
“And there’s one other person you pissed off! The son of Coul sends his regards” she deadpans and fires at Loki, sending him on his ass
He looks down the bridge he is currently in and sees the people who try to flee from the hostile alien army
"I... just wanted to give you a present back" he stammers a little and the genius' heart melts by the adorable sight Captain America presents. Steve gets a little box from his pocket and gives it to her, Natasha  opens it and is surprised by a necklace with the initials 'NS', the design is a little rough and Tasha has to look him at the idea that has occurred to her
Steve is fully clothed in a classic black tuxedo complete with a bow and a little white handkerchief on his pocket, he wanted to wear a tie but Tasha... '
“Well, you have wings on your cowl” she looks at him intently making Steve stay still for a second, just letting himself to lose in those big brown eyes, she smirks smugly “Winghead” it's Steve’s turn to laugh out loud “Alright winghead, J said there was something amusing in the footage of the Tower, let's see what is it...”
The soldier looks at the Cap-bear that Tasha gave to him as a Christmas present... together with a box full of Avengers bears, Iron Bear included, and smiles inwardly, she gave them to both of them at dinner, along with a dramatic speech that had Pepper rolling her eyes and Steve almost weeping.
“Yeah yeah, hilarious” she rolls her eyes “I thought you brought me here to talk about bussiness? Common, tell me about my baby, is he okay? Are you treating him right Rhodes? Why in hell would you let them change his name?”
"Yeah... both that and the drawing, it's my first time doing jewelry so I hope it's not too bad" he sheepishly admits, Tasha looks back at the box and takes out the neatly folded paper, is a drawing of her working in the armor, with the legend 'To my best friend, genius, billionaire, philanthropist and hero'
But it was still early spring. Tony decided each night that they could afford to wait one more day before moving on. By May he swore privately to himself. Alright, end of May at the very latest.
Bucky’s eyebrows crawled upward, his lips tensing around the cigarette in his mouth. He breathed out slow.
“I know who he is.” The girl challenged, holding Bucky’s stare. Lang whistled lowly and made himself look busy. Bucky was in a mood, and the girl was asking for trouble. Best stay out of it.
And argue they did. Tony didn’t take orders well on a good day, and today was anything but a good day. He wouldn’t stay still, was the problem, and Steve needed to know where he was. It should be obvious why, but Tony was irritable and snappish every time Steve tried to speak with him.
“Be careful Cap, we don’t want your pretty face getting scrapped” the tone couldn’t be anything else than flirting, he blushes despite Tasha not being able to see him but he still gives as gets
’ is what goes through her mind seeing Maya’s unconscious body a few feet from her, she looks up and sees how the ceiling starts collapsing, next thing she knows is that it falls on top her Iron Man armor, the face plate opens allowing her to see the beautiful face of Steve
“You got me” she looks at the kid’s weapon with curiosity “Nice potato gun, the barrel’s a little long though, between that and the wide gauge it’s probably gonna diminish your FPS...” the kid fires and destroys a cup of glass “okay... point proven... but now you’re out of ammo”
“What the hell? What just happened?” she looks around frantic, her breathing barely beginning to stabilize “Oh- oh please tell me somebody kissed me” Cap almost blushes at that, almost. Instead, he laughs in utter alleviation and talks into the comms
“You know damn well why! Now back off!” he doesn’t mean the harsh tone on his voice but he’s starting to feel very irritated for some reason, Tasha comes face to face with the Cap and tilts her head letting her hair to fall over her shoulder
“Miss, I took off the arc reactor but the device is already self-sustained” JARVIS announce her, not exactly the good news she was hoping for
“The Avengers” she simply says after knocking her first drink, Loki looks at her confused “It’s what we call ourselves, sort of like a team, ‘Earth’s mightiest heroes’ type of thing”
“And here we are, 7 years later in a dungeon” Maya shakes her head and spin on her chair to give the genius her full attention
“I used to go to SHIELD headquarters when I was a kid.... an actual kid” she adds feeling Steve’s disbelief, a soft smile appearing in her features “Sometimes I’d be with uncle Nick, sometimes Phil would take care of me while Howard and uncle Nick worked” her eyes looks far away, lost in the memories “Then, after Afganistan, he looked out for me, took care of Obediah’s death and the whole Iron man ordeal” she looks back at Steve “He really is a nice guy” her smile turns fond and she chuckles “When I was a girl we used to bond over who the biggest fan of Captain America was, it was really a sight to behold, just imagine a 30 something-year-old man passionately arguing why he was Captain’s America number 1 fan to a 5-year-old” she explains and starts laughing, which prompts an amused smile from Steve, he then remembers what Coulson told him earlier when they arrived at the Hellicarrier
“Well... I hope I’m the man for the job” he was still getting used to having people who look up to him, he didn’t want to admit it but it put a little more pressure on the job
, like, everything you do is always about saving people and being this... courageous hero with a heart of gold... and speaking as a man with a heart of metal myself, it's very inspiring.  But, anywho, the thing is, I never stopped noticing your looks, either. I mean, you're basically perfect in the looks department. A ten out of ten. So, you know, I think about you a lot."  Tony paused. He hadn't actually asked Steve a thing during his speech but Steve was waiting patiently. Another thing about Steve: unlike Tony, he was capable of letting people get to their points, even when they took a while to get there.
Right on cue, his chest flared suddenly with a searing, white-hot pain and Tony let out an involuntary gasp.  He reached out for Steve's hand, seeking comfort automatically.  He grabbed Clint's by mistake/
"...Goldstein," said Tony, trying not to laugh.  He failed, sniggering.  "Can you... can you throw on a sick beat for me, something I can kick my buddy's ass to?"
What really confused Steve was how this woman could be at the window when they were on the 4th floor of the apartment block.
Donner spotted Steve approaching him and looked around with a look of panic, like a gazelle that just realized it had been singled out of the herd by a leopard.  He shrank back against the wall, eyes still scanning the room, and it became obvious what he was looking for: Gideon.
He looked at Steve, whose expression was one of grim determination.  It looked like they were doing this, whether they wanted to or not. Tony wasn't going to let Steve go alone, that was for sure.
He punched the wall. Once, twice, three times. Then he gripped the wood, wrapping it back until he could eventually get the metal plate the chain was attached to off.
"Why would you wanna be an Alpha when you could be yourself?" Steve asked the girl and she blinked, giving him a funny look. "Oh. And don't have high hopes for breakfast," he warned her, before pushing through the crowds to step outside.
"No.  Steve, the lights are on, I promise," Aria said as she threw a blanket over both of them. Steve barely reacted to it and it was Tony who had to pull it around him.
Cooper had finished his toast, and so had most of the people at the table. "Do you want to gather everyone's plates Cooper?" Laura asked and the boy bounded off his chair in response.
"Yeah but... but those were different," said Steve.  (He didn't want to admit he'd stuck all of his lines, neatly written onto note cards, on the back of his prop shield with bubblegum.)
Curled up in the bath together, they both dozed off into a gentle sleep. When Steve woke the water was getting cold and Tony was soft inside of him, his knot having gone down. Slowly, he pulled off and Tony stirred beneath him but didn't wake. Quietly Steve went to grab towels. He tired one around his waist and then picked Tony up before wrapping the second towel around him. His swollen ankle was looking better from the long soak in the warm bath.
"I don't need him to trust me," said Fury in reply, expression hard.  "This team is a last-resort measure for threats to humanity as we know it.  Not a popularity contest."
"Oh.  Well, glad to have you here, buddy," said Tony, giving his upper arm a friendly slap.  "Let's get some chow afterwards, okay?  ...excuse me, I gotta go address my loving fans."
it but he didn't realize the words had actually left his mouth until he watched Tony's expression suddenly change.
And then he blinked. Did he just use the word abusive to describe him and Tony? What the fuck?  Tony had been a far better mate than Bucky.
"One for Stark, too!" called Eric after her.  He turned back. "--so, anyway, my issue with adamantium is that the melting point is so damned high that--"
Steve tucked Tony into bed; he half stirred. "It's okay," he whispered and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Sleep. You need it." But Steve didn't- the serum had changed that. To sleep for more than about eight hours, it had to have been an especially long day- the Expo being the perfect example of that.
He'd laughed and shook his head. "I don't know why people think a soldier would want kids. I really don't.  I don't drink because I just don't like drinking.  It doesn't mean anything."
This originally started as a one-shot but ended up in the RP.  As a resident of Los Angeles, I pictured Bucky's location as most likely Venice Beach.  The people he meets are based on three of my real-life friends, whose names I didn't change, who stated that they were "honored" to be featured in a fanfic as hippie stoners. - T
"If you decide you're done with him, I'll pay for your lawyers," Steve told Jack passingly and then moved to follow Tony into the backstage area.
you're going to stand up for your omega," said Justin softly.  "You're not the first Alpha to act like a fool after bonding.  But you're only proving my point. Alphas protect.  Omegas serve.  That's just nature, Tony."
his face for starters... he'd missed that face. But he recognized that tone too and felt something big coming. He exhaled and looked into eyes.
"Is that the orchid Boswell and Backsy gave you?" asked Clint from atop the fridge, eyeing the little orchid in Tony's hands.
"Don't mind me, just gettin' a screwdriver," he said with a yawn, walking past them to root around in the fridge for some orange juice and vodka.
"Lucky for me," said Tony quickly.  He dislike the way Pierce was eyeing Steve, like he was trying to figure something out, but he was pretty sure it was just the drink.  He was trying to pace himself, for Steve, but God, it was hard.  He kept thinking about the white bandage on Steve's leg, under his pants, the bullet wound... someone had
. Stop." Steve screwed his eyes shut tightly. Every time Tony tried to pull out his ass burned at the attempted rejection. It made him whimper and squirm uncomfortably, his cheeks hot from embarrassment instead of pleasure. "You need to breathe. Breathe. Calm down."
He wasn't really hurting Steve right now. But it felt like it was what he needed to say to get a reaction.
"I noticed. I worked for her too, remember?" Steve said. "She made me fill in weekly reports about how comfortable I felt in the workplace to try and make improvements. It was sweet, really." He was almost missing working with her. She was one of the most determined women Steve had ever met. Steve smiled a little. "And she apologised for you a lot..."
Tony peeked around the corner.  There were two men, one in a suit, one in a bulletproof vest.  He slid his arm around the corner and targeted them at the neck; both dropped silently.  "Yeah, yeah, it's clear," he reassured her.  He was starting to vaguely recall what was going on.  They were doing a raid, there was a target... an objective... something or someone they were supposed to find.
Steve slowly moved to lie down with him, Tony's arm warm as it wrapped around his shoulders. Steve ended up curled on his side, hand on Tony's chest. He studied the curve of the arc reactor under his t-shirt intently. In the sunlight it was hard to make out its glow.
is what it's like.  And now I can handle it.  And now, I guess, I know the worst thing in the world isn't there being another Alpha or thinking I'm not a good Alpha.  It's losing you. This was all a huge wake-up call. It was like Afghanistan all over again." Tony had begun to perk up, only to wilt as he blurted the last sentence.  "Only instead of me, it was you. And instead of building Iron Man and escaping... you got force-bonded. God, Steve. I'm sorry."
Also, Tony was increasingly aware of the divide in the omega rights movement.  He'd been doing his research. Status Alliance was much more extreme than The Horseshoe Society; Irshad Nazari was the head of the UN's Omega Rights Council, which technically bore no alliance to either organization.  But she seemed far more inclined toward the moderate, low-key activism of The Horseshoe Society, which had gotten omegas the right to vote, to go to universities. Jeffrey Walker, the head councilman of the society, was a low-key guy, and his mate, Brent, was likable.  Plus, Brent was a lawyer; Tony hoped he was one of the volunteers. He couldn't help but worry that Steve, whose activism seemed like the more extreme kind of activism, was getting overly cozy with Ty and Banksy. Status Alliance didn't even allow Alphas in, and it attracted a younger, more liberal crowd that probably hated Tony on principle.  Then again, Tony happened to like the members of the SA that he'd met so far. But he didn't want to have to win them over one by one.
Tony turned to Steve.  "You wanna fly?" he offered, holding out an arm and gesturing.  It was an olive branch, the best one he could provide at the moment.  He didn't want the two of them to be furious at each other.
"Steve!" exclaimed Donner cheerfully, dropping into the nearest seat with clear exhaustion.  The baby in his arms was asleep. He beamed wearily. "Wanna hold her? ...did you... did you have a... a nice heat?"  Donner looked suddenly concerned, unsure of how to ask. There was an unspoken strangeness in their connection. Gideon clearly had a "type" and that type was Steve.  He had taken Donner as his mate, dumped him, and then tried to take advantage of Steve.
...ah.  This was better.  They were joking around; everything was normal; what happened on the plane was staying on the plane.  Tony felt a surge of gratitude toward Steve.  "Uh, Rogers?  Thanks," he said again, reaching for his coffee.  He wasn't really thanking him for the coffee, but that was fine.
He could still remember seeing a pane of glass in the darkness, his breath steaming it up. Steve had seen the
"Apparently it was full of drawings. But apparently most of them were of, like, red skulls, and the Winter Soldier, and--"
responsible?  They went crazy during heats, and it's not like Tony had explicitly asked for Steve's permission when he'd bitten him, either.  Bonding just... happened.
"I appreciate you working out where I was and getting the others to come here, I really do. But if you're just going to give me the same bullshit, Tony, and pull this again in another six months, then save it, because my heart can't take it anymore. It just
"Okay.  Are we all ready?  It'll be better to get there early just in case we hit any technical bumps."
With shaky hands Steve got the pill in his mouth and gulped it down with two mouthfuls of water. He downed the bottle and then crumpled it before dropping it onto the floor. Steve was trembling a little less now.
Tony's eyes narrowed at it.  "Who's that? Is that Natasha?" he demanded, hair prickling at the potential threat.
This couldn't be happening. Not again. Steve curled up naked on the bed, arms wrapped around his legs with wide, fearful eyes. He watched Tony spit onto the sheets, pulling a face at the awful taste. Why wasn't this working? Wasn't Steve being good anymore? Did he screw up?
"Yeah, I know," said Rhodes, patting Tony's shoulder.  "He's okay, Tony.  What did you do to your foot?"
"You're not pressuring me. You're doing like the opposite of that," Steve assured him. He moved to sit on the bed, near Tony's head so he could glance down and meet his gaze. His heart was hammering away in his heat a little. Steve swallowed. "And I don't expect you to understand from my perspective. Just like I can't really understand yours.  We're different.  It's okay.  "
The looked down at the blond and for a moment he was frozen; he had a memory, a memory of a woman saying, "
Kerry looked confused about why Tony had asked for a cigarette if he didn't smoke, but she was too busy holding him up to ask.
Tony caught Steve's eye and grinned back.  "Taylor's adorable, right?  I would totally do it.  ...is she eighteen?  JARVIS!  When was Taylor Swift born?"
His entrance was sore and sensitive and Steve would almost whimper in pain as well as pleasure as Tony finished inside of him by the time they were hitting the twelve-hour mark. It was only half a day in and Steve was already a mess. He was shivering and he wouldn't stop, even when Tony fed him ice.
"What the actual hell Sam? I was driving all day. And he's sick, he's not even a whole person...how could you even think that?"
"In the afternoon there's one titled Dominance in Business and that might be good, too, you being a business guy and all..."
Tony's skin crawled.  He wasn't sure how much he liked this unintentional connection.  It made him feel a little vulnerable.  Which was the point.  To be as close and entangled and, yes, emotionally vulnerable as possible to your mate.  Because you trusted each other.  Pair-bonds were
.  I played it all the time, just to piss him off, especially the part about leaving the dying to the poor.  He was a war profiteer.  A patriot, though, too.  I don't know.  He believed in his cause... I just... I don't think he understand what his cause was.  He thought war was... romantic."  Tony lapsed into silence.  He had grown up with all the right rhetoric to justify the family business.  They were a
"Oh, just follow us.  We're going too," said Eric pleasantly.  Piper was hovering behind him, twirling a strand of her hair.  "...you know that it's mostly about the best techniques to impregnate your omega, though, right?"
"Good!" Steve said with an enthusiasm Tony hadn't really seen before. Steve looked hyped and energised, just about ready to go out on a run again and then probably four more after that one. He almost couldn't stay still. He was bouncing on his feet. He smirked subtly as he glanced over Tony, looking oddly at home as he was. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes (although it would have been fondly).
The bite mark on the back of his neck was evidently fresh but Josephine, his masseuse, was far too professional to comment on it. In fact, Steve was about 99% she had zero idea who either of them even were. It was refreshing, actually.
One hand up to shade his eyes from the sun, he opened his hand, waiting for Steve to throw him sunglasses and a bottle.  If there was one thing Tony's house had an abundance of, it was alcohol, prescription sunglasses, and, now, orchids.
Steve was in mild shock. He held the pen in his hand for much longer than he needed to even after the last page was signed. He swallowed, suddenly dropping it like it had burned him when he realised.
Of course, it's not like Steve was a saint.  Tony had seem him fight and kill and lose his temper plenty of times.  But Tony had had Steve's wholesome image ingrained into his mind since he was a child and deep down he would always think of Steve as that straight-backed guy standing patriotically in the poster above his bed.
He gave the egg a third whack and it broke into several pieces, covering his hand in sticky yolk and albumen.
"Okay.  I'm gonna put a prism in here to direct the positrons," explained Tony, gesturing to a small box.  "In theory, if my math is right-- ha ha,
...but it probably would be okay to at least tell him the general area they were in.  After all, Steve had already seen it, coming out of the plane, that was no different than telling him the weather, right?
? Maybe he would finally be getting some of the mysterious Barton backstory. He knew Clint didn't get serious often, but this felt like one of those times. If he just wanted to see Steve it was probably for a reason, not just a dislike of Tony- though Steve couldn't rule out that possibility entirely.
"This is Doctor Gleason," Pepper introduced. The man looked around middle aged, soft about the edges. Friendly enough, Steve guessed.
He walked home from his run, having sprinted out too far and actually gotten tired (his heat had drained him). Steve's phone started ringing in the back pocket of his shorts as he headed home. It was Phil. Steve thought about it before he finally answered with a sigh.
"Except you thought Steve was just some run-of-the-mill personal assistant?" asked Irshad pointedly.
Steve turned around to see Tony fiddling with wires. He let out one short breath as he set the shield prototype down on the desk. That was all the exertion it had taken. To take down a goddamn wall. He could see the focus on Tony's eyes, he recognised it. He could do this. Hope seized in Steve's chest.
Eventually Steve spoke up. "I won't let anyone hurt you ever again," he whispered in a promise and pressed a kiss to Tony's temple. A few seconds of silence followed. "It nearly killed me, watching Vanko out on the racetrack. I wanted to do something. I knew I could have had him down in seconds. But I didn't want to blow my cover. If you'd gotten killed I don't think I could have ever of forgiven myself."
Steve went still as the Alpha's body blanketed his own. He was warm and a little broader than Steve, even though he wasn't quite as tall.  He swallowed, waiting for a hand around his neck or a knife or... something.  But there was nothing. The Winter Soldier wasn't hurting him. He was
"I want to lick you now," said Tony throatily.  It was like another person was talking.  He leaned forward, slowly, giving Steve the chance to move if he wanted to.  His hand was still on Steve's jaw; he tilted Steve's face up, exposing his throat, his vulnerability.  Slowly, gently, he nuzzled Steve's skin, then ran his tongue over the other man's neck.
"Have you met China Bacardi yet?" shouted Jameson, leading them through the lobby.  One of the nice things about being part of Jameson's little group was that everyone else was giving them a wide berth.  "Direct descendant of the Bacardi founder! They're one of our sponsors! I don't drink myself because of an ulcer! I blame work!  You're a businessman yourself so you know how damned stressful it is!"
on me," he accused. "Does a mission only count if you're putting your life on the line?  Is that it? You fought in World War Two, Steve. You earned a break. You don't have to keep throwing yourself on the front lines."
"Nice tie," replied Tony.  Happy was wearing a black tie printed with tiny red-and-white candycanes.
"I didn't realize this was a romantic date," Tony said suddenly, startling Steve out of his memories.  He looked over at Steve and smiled a little.  "But I'm okay with it if it is.  This is a nice place.  I haven't been here in years."  He glanced around the room and lowered his voice a little.  "...listen, I'm sorry it's mostly Alphas, I seriously didn't notice that.  I'm... kinda completely status-blind.  My bad.  ...but that's sort of good, right?  That's our new thing, isn't it, raging against the machine?  That's a reference to another metal song, by the way.  Don't worry, Cap, I'm going to school you on all the best music."  Tony reached across the table with one hand to touch Steve's.  "And I know I'm just one guy but for the record, as far as having Alpha support, you have
"...I'm sorry my brain's going in all directions.  The... did you hear the story on the news? About that refugee camp in Wakanda?  It's got me all shook up. ...can we go cuddle in bed?" asked Tony plaintively. "I don't want to talk about it," he added.  "I just want me and you to... spend some time together."
When Tony finally shifted enough so Steve could move he slipped free to stand up. He moved to the bathroom to clean himself up, not really having time to shower now. Steve spotted himself in the mirror and saw the collar, admittedly having sort of forgotten it was there... it didn't bother him so much here, in private. It was more that this was a collar that everyone had seen, people like Malick... Steve didn't like that. If they were going to do this more often it had to be one that was just for
"Coffee. Come on," Steve murmured and squeezed Tony's hand, gently pulling his hands away from the bottle in hope that he would stop drinking. He couldn't just watch this all the time- watching Tony poison him. It would slowly kill him. "It's not your fault, Tony, I promise."
Pepper was massaging her temples with her forefingers. "Can we just go back home, please? Without any more diversions?  And then I think me and Aria deserve the evening off."
Tony reached under the table and groped for Steve's hand.  His heart was pounding; he was surprised at how anxious he felt.  He looked at Steve, then back at the doctors.   "...is it safe?  To fuck with someone's head like that twice in forty-eight hours?"
He rolled off of Steve and grabbed his sweatpants.  "I'm gonna go get the orchids that are outside."  He brushed Steve's hair softly as he passed by him.  The fact that his couch was probably ruined was unimportant to him.
Steve smirked lazily, so lazily the gesture barely curled onto his lips. "Don't want you thinking I'm easy, Stark," he rumbled, tone gently teasing as he let out a small sigh. He snuggled back against him, doing his best to ignore Tony's hard on. It wasn't easy, mind. A part of Steve wanted to straddle Tony and wondered what it would feel like if he-
Joan rushed up to Tony, blonde hair falling around her shoulders. She giggled sweetly. "Can we hang out with him sometime?"
Tony was handling the press like a pro, as always. Steve honestly didn't know how he dealt with it all his life. It would have driven him insane.
. Maybe it wall all the emotional rushes he'd been through the past weeks, or maybe it was just all the travelling...one thing was for sure, he needed to get back into an exercise routine of some sort (because that six pack did
No matter how hard he tried, his bloody fingerprints still kept appearing in the far-flung corners of a trouble world, and at times, Tony felt like he was the Reaper in the center of a universe of life, creating an ever-widening circle of death.
"Shut up," Steve mumbled and kissed him, not wanting to hear an apology when he was so close to coming undone.
Tony didn't bother trying to pull away or roll over.  He knew they were knotted again.  Was this going to happen every time?  Was this a normal thing, to knot an omega like this?  Tony made a mental note to Google that later.  Not that he minded at all.  He had no problem falling asleep like this, lying on top of his omega, shielding his body.  It made him feel strong, made him feel proud.  The semen that was all over his stomach was inconsequential.  Normally that sort of thing would have bothered Tony but he didn't care.  It was his omega's and therefore practically his, so who cared?
"It does sound nice," Steve hummed again, half asleep by this point. The stress of the day had worn him out. "We should...we should plan that..." He yawned quietly.
"It'll be closed by the end of the week.  If you stay out of the sun, you won't even have a scar," said Dr. Gleason, packing up his things.
"I don't really appreciate that attitude." Steve's voice was detached. He soundly oddly confident, even for him, oddly... sure of himself. He pressed down harder. The Alpha wheezed.
" he whispered and then he stepped back, letting them take Bucky to put him into the back of the SUV.
"Hey, boss.  Hey, Captain," said Happy, who was sitting on Tony's couch reading a tabloid and sipping on a cup of coffee.
"Oh, sure, after twenty-nine years," said Boswell with a wave of his hand.  "We learned to love each other. But the first few years were the hardest." He took a thoughtful sip of his drink.  "Times change. Just look at what your Steve is doing, now. And Tom's been pretty involved in Status Alliance ever since Ryan moved out-- that's my son--" he added, for Tony's benefit.  Tony understood immediately that Ryan wasn't Banksy's, that Banksy was a stepmother. He tried to grasp the concept of Banksy helping to raise a kid who was probably close to his own age.  "--which makes him happy, I guess, and I said, well, Tommy, if it makes you happy, go for it," Boswell continued. He nodded, then added with a small smile, "No doubt Tommy's recruiting Steve now."
"...fine.  Do whatever you like.  I do highly encourage you to attend some of the workshops, Mr. Stark.  You'll no doubt find some very informative... maybe by the end of the weekend, you'll have a bit more pride in your status," said Malick.
"Surprises are for later! Now we need to work out if we're going tie or no tie..." Aria said, successfully getting him to head up the stairs.
A week.  Tony turned it over in his mind.  Yeah, he could probably find out a way to fool SHIELD into thinking his brain was safe in a week.
There was no sun, only a lightening blue on the eastern horizon.  Steve was beaming, star on his chest, stripes down his waist. Tony threw on jeans and a t-shirt and then, somewhat hesitantly, a hooded sweatshirt to cover up the reactor's glow.  It was already hot and humid even though the sun wasn't up yet. Fucking Alabama.
Tony had said he wanted Steve, and had begun slowly shredding his Styrofoam coffee cup while he waited for a response.  His hands, as usual, had to be kept busy. His lap was filling with artificial snow.
Tony disconnected the call and had JARVIS book the hotel and forward the details to Rhodey and George.  He looked over at Steve miserably. "I'm gonna go down to the shop for a while. I need to get drunk." He reached over and carded his hand through Steve's hair.  "It'll be okay. After July, all those camps are going to bite the dust. Let's just... focus on getting Donner and planning... planning this charity thing for our anniversary."  He waved a hand around the room. "If I never see another fucking orchid again, I would die a happy man." He sighed. At least he knew that the proceeds from the flower sales would go toward helping the omegas they would liberate.
, buzzed his brain excitedly.  Tony took a moment to rue the fact that neither he nor Steve had ever seen sat down and explained any of this stuff.  Maybe things wouldn't be so terribly complicated if they knew what to expect.  But both of their educations had jumped over Alpha-omega relations and they were flying blind.
"If it's not broken then it's fine," said Tony dismissively.  "I take whacks all the time in the suit.  Gimme two days and I'll be ready to run a marathon."  He was trying not to bristle at Dr. Martin but he could tell, instinctively, that she wasn't bonded and it made him extremely upset when she touched Steve.  Every time his hackles went up he reached up to try to flatten them back down.
"Mm-hm.  I thought about it a lot.  It's Cousin Steve's middle name and I wanted him-- her-- to have a strong name."
"...I'm glad," said Tony quietly.  "...that it means something to you."  He watched Steve tracing the arc reactor, wondering if Steve appreciated that, for Tony, letting anyone touch his chest like this meant a hell of a lot more than sex did.  For Tony, this was the epitome of intimacy. "...I hope you don't regret it. Us bonding. I'm... kind of a jerk, yeah. I mean, devastatingly handsome and staggeringly intelligent, not to mention quick-witted and insanely good in bed... but also a jerk."  He reached up to hold Steve's hand on his chest. "...I think you make me a better person, though."
Had kneeling for him and buying collars not been enough of an ego boost? Steve frowned. What was he supposed to do? He wasn't good at this. He wasn't sexy (appearance not included).  Or rather he was good at
"Let's just make sure we get them inside then leave them to it." Aria muttered. "I wanna go home to my bed."
Steve hung up and dragged a hand over his face.  He was alone in bed; Tony's side was empty.  Steve sighed and reached for a pair of sweatpants crumpled beside the bed.  He had long since learned that, if Tony didn't come to bed and wasn't there when he woke up, he was usually down in the garage, lost in work.
Tony leaned over the DJ table in his suit, face plate down, addressing the crowd with a sort of casual smugness that was only validated by how entranced they all were by him.
"Oh my God." Aria groaned as she scrolled down her own news feed. "Dude." She sent Tony a look. "Not cool."
"Oh, Jesus Christ," said Tony before he could catch himself.  He quickly shoved down his revulsion and gently touched behind DeSoto's ear, just brushing the skin, not pressing.  "DeSoto, I'm very proud of you, you're such a good omega, and you're being very brave. ...if I wanted to get myself a
. "...but, y'know, now we're just friends, and of course she wants me to be happy. She was bonded, had a career, the whole package. She wants that for me, too.  To have a real life, like that, like how she and all of my other friends did."
The phone, a StarkTech III, responded to his voice; he put Natasha on hold and a moment later Pepper's voice was echoing through the room.
Donner was a really big hit for years and years, and now you're here, and I guess he's feeling like you ruined his--" Rex made air quotes again.  "--
"How poetic," slurred Tony, solving the cube.  He began mixing it up again for another round.  He could generally solve them in a couple of minutes; he just liked having his hands busy.  "I lost Steve and now I'm being rained on.  In the house.  Because there's a hole in my roof.  Because I beat up my best friend.  On my birthday.  JARVIS, I think I might be a mess."
Steve braced a hand on the doorway before he made himself reach for the door. Was that Tony's voice? His heart leapt in his chest. He managed to get his fingers around the door handle and push it open.
He leaned his head on his hands, fingers threaded together, and tried to school his face into something unreadable. But Tony could feel his emotions.  It was pointless. Steve sighed. Sometimes he had this strange fantasy where they had a kid and Tony would suddenly stop drinking because he didn't want to be drunk around the baby and...
Rhodey walked over to the door and opened it.  "Come on," he said. "Just trust me, man." He held out a hand.
some dark screwed-up part of his mind wanted it too. He couldn't tell Bucky to step back. His lips parted but his words wouldn't leave him. He ran a shaky hand over his face and shivered, cringing as a tremble shuddered up his spine. "Fuck," he whispered again.  "Bucky. I don't know-" he couldn't finish his sentence, his words stuck in his throat.  "You don't know what you're doing," he finally managed to get out. "Buck. Stop and think.  Urgh."  Steve grunted and curled in on himself as a spasm when through his middle.
The last one probably only popped up because it mentioned Alphas and omegas, but it was a sharp, startling dent in the news flow about Tony and Steve.  They two of them were so encapsulated in their own world that it was easy to forget, sometimes, there were other people going about their lives without them.  Although the 21st century was clearly more hospitable to omegas than the forties, there were still plenty of instances of violence and discrimination, especially in the poorer, disenfranchised areas of America.  Small, rural communities along with urban ghettos saw their fair share of Alpha-on-omega violence.
Phil poked his nose out from his nest.  "Well, Banksy is a member, and you know he was force-bonded."
There was a small table-- an island counter-- a lot of them were crowded around or perched on. Cautiously, Steve moved to take a seat, the staff watching his every move. "I was wondering, how much do they pay you?"
It took two attempts for Steve to make it downstairs. He seemed to forget about the clothes thing and almost headed down there naked.  Tony grabbed him and re-directed him, knowing that Steve was naturally modest and would be mortified if he let others see him naked.  Or at least, he would be once his heat was over.
He looked over his shoulder but the guard had left, probably for a smoke break, and he was alone.  He was hoping to for Karpov to be there, to explain. Karpov could always explain. But he was alone and alone, he was having trouble making sense of what the omega was saying.
Tony was watching both Steve and Lydia over the top of his glass with a critical eye.  Steve had a look on his face and Tony wondered if he meant he wanted the whole collar in something other than metal.  Tony had no idea what the heck you'd make a collar from, if not some sort of metal. Besides, they were at a jeweler's... Cartier and Bulgari and the rest of them wouldn't make anything that wasn't a precious metal.
"Come on, let's get you out there," said Aria.  Her and Pepper's phones were both going wild, and Tony looked thoroughly depressed about it.  It wasn't that he was personally embarrassed (okay, maybe a little), but that he didn't want to make things any harder on Steve.  His role was going to be standing behind Steve, looking supportive, letting everyone know that he was still with his omega. Tony wasn't used to standing still or being quiet, but there was a first time for everything, he supposed.  He was going to stir up plenty of headlines just by standing behind Steve and wearing a horseshoe pin.
"She also manages your schedule, answers your calls, sorts your mail, books your appointments, does your taxes, and holds your hair back for you when you vomit, sir," said JARVIS.
"He was working late. I don't actually know," Steve admitted sheepishly. The doctor opened his mouth before Steve continued before he could speak. "It's the anniversary of his parents' death. Not a good time for him right now."
Bucky switched channels.  On the news, a man in a red tie and a woman in a blue dress were talking, with a picture of a blond in the corner of the screen.  Bucky perked up excitedly. "My omega's on television!" he reported loudly.
Tony ran his good foot up Steve's leg.  "Dunno why you ended up with me, I'm a mess... but I'm glad... you make me... better."  Tony sighed a little, fingers trailing across the surface of the water.  "JARVIS," he demanded suddenly.  "Is there anyone other than me and Steve on the estate right now?"
Clint burst into something that was half-laughter and half-sobs and flung himself over, throwing his arms around Trickshot's neck and practically climbing into his lap.
Tony was having a minor fit under Steve's arm.  "I'll kill him! I'll fucking kill him! You're mine!  I'll rip him to shreds!" Tony was shrieking in between growls and grunts of effort.  Steve was obviously trying not to hurt him, which was making pinning him difficult, because Tony was doing everything short of biting to get out from under Steve's arm.  Nonetheless, Tony was still pinned against the wall, like a butterfly to a board, and he was alternatively trying to get out and to grab the phone back. Being pinned beneath Steve's arm was like being under one of those metal bars on a roller coaster seat; it was solid and heavy and unmovable, but Tony's instincts had hijacked his reasoning skills and he was going berserk, even though, logically, he should have known he couldn't easily escape the weight of Steve's grip.  Not without a suit.
. He wasn't sure about anything-- what was he even doing with his life?  He'd spent the morning trying on collars, which had made him feel dirty and disgusting, and now he was wandering alone, trapped between two Alphas.  Some role model he was, so easily knocked down by his mate.  Some "independent omega" he was modeling.  He didn't even have a job anymore.  He was no longer in the army.  He was no longer a SHIELD agent.  And Project 84?  Ha.  Like Project 84 could even work...he was an idiot.
No suit; he was useless; he was hopelessly overpowered.  And now he was in pain.  Was he supposed to be feeling pain?  He'd assumed he was dead.  But no, he was definitely in pain.
"Go ahead and cum, and then I'll clean you up," said Tony, dragging his tongue slowly up Steve's vent, up his balls, up his shaft, letting him know exactly
. He reached out to run a hand through Tony's hair. "Can we help you, sir? Is there a specific reason why you called?" he asked, trying not to sound rude.
Tony woke from a sleep that had been dreamless.  He hadn't been bothered by the other Alpha in at least a couple of weeks, for which he was immensely grateful.
"I'm sorry.  I don't know why I said that.  It wasn't him," said Steve quickly.  "It was just... weird.  I thought I was in an electric chair.  ...probably just heard somethin' on the radio that freaked me out.  Really.  It's nothing, Tones."
Tony shivered as Steve knelt for him.  He reached out automatically to brush Steve's hair through his fingers, stroking him, silently praising him for his submission.  Steve's face looked peaceful; Tony felt his own body relaxing a little, the panic subsiding.  They were alone and yet they were with each other.  When it was like this, just the two of them, it was hard to think of any imminent threats, because everything seemed so perfect.
"Yes," Steve blinked, surprised at the question. He glanced around. The chefs who'd been cleaning up were watching him curiously. The waiting staff were younger and stared wide-eyed at him like he was a celebrity. Which he guessed he kind of was.
he thought, but it was a detached observation, as if he were thinking about someone else.  He'd never felt this, this Alpha aggression or this furious jealousy, perhaps because he'd never actually cared about anyone like this, except Pepper, who was, at least around him, apparently completely asexual.
see you any differently for that. If anything, it makes me see you as a stronger person," Steve said, clearly horrified at the idea. When he'd first spotted the mark on Tony's neck (one night when he'd helped Pepper drag a drunk and passed out Tony into bed) he hadn't been disgusted or repulsed by it; he'd been curious. He'd wondered if maybe Tony was like Sam.  He had admittedly considered assault, idly, but that hadn't made him see Tony in a remotely bad light in any way, shape, or form. "And it's okay... I don't think I have the energy to care what the papers think of me anymore. I told them the truth.  Or at least, everything
He huffed a little, shifting to get more comfortable, trying to squash those thoughts, continue to ride out the calm afterglow of sex.
"Er, Steve? You're on in a minute. Come on, let's go!" Aria said, shooing him up and towards the stage.
"The Winter Soldier may become unpredictable. We may not be able to reset him if he goes feral.  That is Karpov's greatest fear."
"I'll tell you," Steve whispered and nodded a little. He almost sounded nervous. But he looked determined, this clearly meant a lot to him. Steve swallowed and let Tony sit up a bit so he could roll over, his dressing gown pooling down over one shoulder and exposing pale white skin.
"Oh don't worry." Natasha sounded amused all of a sudden. "They think they can separate us. They can't. It's cute, really, how
this a good time?  You said you'd call me, Steve!"  There was a note of annoyance in Natasha's voice.  "You said you needed some
on me. I can't trust him anymore. He's ruined this relationship, whatever it was. Maybe if he apologised we could try to repair things, but that will never happen."
"I don't," said Tony quickly.  "It's just that--"  He looked uncharacteristically embarrassed.  "--uh, Pepper likes flowers and last year, I dunno, I might have... gotten her, y'know, gotten her some flowers from there.  And I remember they have green orchids because, seriously, man, when was the last time you saw a green orchid?"
"If you want whelps, you have to wait until they've begun having heats, which is usually around age thirteen or fourteen.  However, it's both easier, physically and emotionally, to wait until they're at least seventeen or eighteen. Not to mention legal," said Richard.  "In all fifty states, the legal age of bonding consent is seventeen, so do yourself a favor and wait until then. And, by the way, the idea that omegas need to be broken in?  Absolute tripe! There's no reason you can't have a very healthy and productive sexual relationship with an omega who is bonded at, say, nineteen or twenty... or even later.  I got Rex here when he was twenty-four, and trust me, he's
"I was born ready," said Tony, grinning, squeezing Steve's hand a little tighter.  Outside, heads were already turning.  They were in a none-too-subtle Saleen S7 and there had been a shift in the flow of traffic toward the car.  "Let's go make some headlines?  ...where's Pepper?"
.  Oh, yeah.  That's good.  ...sweet Edison I'm good.  ...I actually sort of love this stuff.  You want to do this this evening or tomorrow?  After they set up the cameras it'll take like thirty minutes to record."
He went back down the hall to the elevator to go back to his room, wondering what kind of auction it was and where it would be held and, perhaps most of all, how the hell it was legal.  Perhaps it wasn't.
Tony didn't meet Steve's eyes, but he extended a hand to him.  "C'mon, pukey.  Let's go home."  He looked over at Natasha.  "Romanov... how the hell am I supposed to pass that test if my subconscious is tuned to Steve, and Steve's tuned to HYDRA?"
That's right, it's the Black Panther cameo you were looking for.  Remember, this is set in 2011! - T
He didn't say anything, his jaw tight with resolve. Karpov laughed, apparently amused by Steve's attitude. Steve imagined plunging a knife into the man's neck. But the grip of that damned metal arm was unrelenting. Still, he had a small knife tucked under his sleeve. All Steve had to do was get close enough. If he could get Karpov maybe he could turn this whole thing around.
birthday present," said Tony, draping himself over Steve's back, looking down at the bright blues and reds.  He brought one leg up, trying to shift into a more comfortable position; he was swollen to a ridiculous degree.  "You're the only person I ever really knotted," said Tony contemplatively, reaching up to find Steve's hand and hold it.  Tony had kinda-of sort-of knotted two other people, ever, but he'd gotten the knot out with a bit of force, not liking the sensation of being stuck to someone.  With Steve, it was always pleasant. Plus, he doubted he could even really force it right now. When they fucked,
He felt a lot better, and Steve felt better, too.  They were back in their own bed.  Steve was safe.  The dinner had gone well, Tony thought, and now they could just... recalibrate.  Recharge.  Take it easy.
Tony would have to tread lightly.  He couldn't stand the idea of giving up Steve, but he wasn't going to let himself get taken advantage of, either.  Learning to trust Steve at all was going to be an arduous, uphill process and the only reason Tony was embarking on it at all was that he felt he had no choice.  Life without Steve was an abyss.  Even since they'd paired, Tony was unable to untangle his emotions.  He loved Steve. He wanted Steve. No matter what happened, he still needed him: deeply, desperately, hopelessly.
. I'm living with him, no one else. I wasn't with my first Alpha, physically, before--" he hated saying this. He goddamn hated it. "--and I certainly won't be including the Alpha who force bonded me in my life."
Tony’s hackles went up.  “Yeah. Book literally anyone other than Pitbull,” he instructed her.  He walked over to ruffle Steve's hair, still holding the carton of juice.  Phil's nose wrinkled at the idea of Tony drinking straight out of it.
Tony groaned softly and pulled the blankets over his head.  The room reeked like sex and sweat. He made no motion to get up.
Aria frowned a little and hooked her arm through Steve's.  "...Status Alliance isn't one of Tony's biggest fans," she said, unnecessarily.  "If it weren't for Ty and Banksy, I think they'd be out for blood... listen. Steve.  You and Tony might want to consider doing something a piece for a more... Alpha-oriented 'zine.  Nothing like
Steve didn't know how Tony knew that. Sometimes people used to say that a bond was a physic connection. Until experiencing it Steve could have never believed them. But if Tony knew
"...if you want me to fuck you with a toy, I will," said Tony.  "Bring me the biggest rubber cock you have, Captain." He grinned lazily.  "And I'm not tired, but you
Steve was a little disturbed at the request but soon realized Bucky's intention as he held his lighter up to the material of his shirt. He blinked and almost smiled. Bucky might just be onto something. They might just get out of here.
Steve wasn't sure he much liked this. He'd never liked being stared at- when he was small or big.  After being given the serum, he'd been offered to "work for the army," and he'd jumped on the opportunity despite everyone protesting loudly that they wanted to run tests on him and keep him back home.  But that sort of egg-headed lab stuff wasn't going to win the war.  Steve wanted to go out and fight, not be stared and poked at.
The food was amazing. Steve had seafood linguini with a terrifying amount of garlic bread on top. After dinner they shared a dessert (which Steve consumed most of) and then they headed to the nearest park for a walk. It was colder out tonight so Steve had pulled his coat collar up against the chill. Apparently it was summer, but someone had forgotten to inform the English weather.
The two of them stared at each other.  The crowd stared at them.  Tony took one small, stumbling step back and caught himself.
Another song started up, and Tony grabbed Steve again.  He glanced over; Pepper and Happy were dancing with each other, talking and smiling.  Tony frowned a little.
wondered Tony) glided over.  She was wearing dress pants and a blue button-up blouse that matched her hijab.  She shook Steve's hand, then extended one to Tony.  Tony didn't move.  He hated shaking hands and his hand was occupied with Steve's.  She dropped her hand after a moment.
"Well..." Natasha pulled back and sighed, averting her gaze. "You’re the only truly successful super soldier. And potentially a baby maker. You're worth more to them alive than dead Steve."
Tony, on the other hand, was just getting started.  He loped down to the shop, punching in the code to the door, and waltzed in with a sense of peace settling over him.
"Shouldn't have stayed up so late," Aria said and sent him a pointed look. Steve wished he was just so tired because him and Tony had been lost in bed together. No, it was a far more depressing reason than that.  But he didn't correct her.  Instead, he let her drive him downtown, stopping at another Starbucks for another quadruple shot.
Steve sat in companionable silence next to Phil.  He'd never shared a heat with another omega before.  It was kind of nice.  Less lonely.
."  Tony reached up to scratch his left arm idly, rubbing the shoulder with the palm of his hand.  "It's a hop, skip, and a jump to the car.  I'll be sitting in the car, sitting in the plane, sitting around the house... I think I can walk, like, ten meters from the lobby to the car.  Seriously.  You're worrying too much."
"I'm in full support of you and Steve.  You know that. Who knows, maybe Tony will surprise us.  He's full of surprises," she said neutrally. She offered a small smile.  "
Tony was half-asleep for this message and had no clue what Gideon was talking about; he tried to go back to bed only to get woken up every five minutes by JARVIS, who kept saying there was someone at the door for him.
"Yes you were," Steve disagreed softly.  He curled an arm around him, letting Banksy slump against him. "That's what a bond means. You were there with him. You're always with him. Even till the end of the line."
She pulled him into a one armed hug, her other hand holding a glass of wine. "It's good to see you." Her smile was bright, genuine. "My mate insisted we come. You know, big history geek and all that... she is getting one of those orchids, or else she might kill someone." Haley laughed then winked.  "This is kind of insane though, huh?"
His thumb ran over Steve's knuckles slowly, hypnotically.  Tony's gaze was distant; Steve could see his mind was working furiously beneath the surface.
Cooper whistled and, sure enough, a dog that looked like some sort of lab mix came in and began eating the half-chewed pieces off the floor.  Lila stopped fussing and pointed to the dog. "Lucky," she said.
Steve's eyes flew open when Tony said he could call him Bucky. Fuck. What the actual fuck? Where the hell had
Steve's smell was all wrong and his words weren't exactly reassuring.  What fight were they winning, exactly?  What was Steve talking about, letting people get to them?  Everyone loved them.  Their bond was a national sensation.  Iron Man and Captain America, two beloved, not to mention good-looking heroes... maybe this was just Steve's weird omega paranoia.  Growing up in the forties, he sometimes said things that reminded Tony of just how differently omegas were treated.
"Yeah, super swell," agreed Tony blearily, not sure what he was agreeing to.  He would have agreed to anything Steve wanted him to after running his hand through his hair.  He stifled a yawn and finally opened his eyes.
Fury kicked back and managed to catch the Winter Soldier between the legs.  He flinched, his body curling with the pain, but his grip never loosened, and aside from another small, involuntary grunt, he made virtually no sound.
"...this is probably the smoothest March we've ever had," said Pepper once Tony had disappeared.  She gave Steve a small, tired smile. "He always goes alone. I'm glad he had you out there. ...here's your itinerary for the rest of your trip.  There's nothing for tomorrow, just in case Tony's still, you know... under the weather. But the day after that I scheduled three meetings with jewelers to talk collars with you two, assuming you still want to pull this publicity stunt at the Alphas United conference, which, I can't emphasize enough, I highly discourage."
"We're not canceling the party.  Tony would lose it. We already had to disrupt his Christmas plans and you know how he feels about change.  Besides, Steve has a bunch of contacts from his omega rights crew who are showing up. It's too late to cancel it, James, I'm sorry."
He went back to eating breakfast, keeping a straight face.  He was glad to know Steve was okay.  Sort of.  Unless Steve couldn't mate.  What a terrible fate, to have to endure heats and never be able to get relief.  Then again, they made suppressants.  And lots of omegas chose to suffer through their heats instead of pairing up with an Alpha.  Hell, that's what Steve had done only days before.
"Is this good?" he asked.  "...where are we going? Steve?"  He bounced a little on the balls of his feet, having already thrown on socks and a pair of worn Pumas.
it himself), and a lot of Alphas wouldn't. Steve wasn't the only one who was struggling to get used to equality.
Aside from a single interviewer who had seen him a few days after Tony had kicked him out, no one else had heard a peep from Steve Rogers.
Tony clamored out with Judy and Steve; following them in the truck was Lawrence and two other officers.
Over three hundred thousand?  Damn.  That was a lot of money, even in modern times, Steve assumed.  And with Stark Industries matching it, that meant over half a million. But Steve didn't feel all that happy, even with the good news. The party was marginally horrifying. There was too much noise, too many lights and a lot of faces he didn't recognize, along with a healthy dose of claustrophobia.
"No, no, I like it!" protested Tony quickly.  "It's very... yellow. It's just that I'm... I'm not really a sweater guy.  ...aw, dammit, Donner, don't do the emotional pregnant thing on me..." A tear slipped down Donner's face and Tony groaned.  "...I'll go put on the sweater," he grumbled unhappily, going upstairs to go get it.
"Sure thing," Natasha breathed, tone as casual as if she'd just asked her out for coffee.  She slunk into the shadows and disappeared almost immediately, as stealthily as a cat.
have a life. I'm just trying to give you one. Do you really wanna raise a kid with that guy? What happens if you have an omega, huh? What happens if he wanted to send your kid to one of those camps where they cut their neck open? Or worse, what if he sold them? He's sold you. Why wouldn't he sell your baby?"
Steve stared down at the table, his mind swimming with doubt. All he could think was that they were right. They'd always been right. Everything that was going wrong. Every weakness they were taking advantage of...it was because of his
In the cave he'd had so many fantasies about returning to her.  But the reality was that, once he returned, they fell easily into their usual, platonic roles.
with our big squishy frontal lobes, and, to quote Phil Collins or Coulson or whatever that little dork's name is,
Alcohol, his one true love, drug-wise, may not have made him more productive, but it had another benefit.  It helped numb him, which he needed, desperately, because you could only have pieces of heavy armor slam into your body so many times before he became unbearable.  Or at least, that's what Tony told himself as he did Test 14, and the armor locked itself together before even getting to him, and then slamming him into the concrete wall.  His head bounced against the stone and he felt momentarily dizzy, like he might pass out. But he didn't. He swayed, then leaned down to pick up Iron Man (the shell of Iron Man) up from under his arms, like he was a passed-out lush and Tony was trying to drag him home.
Tony realized he was in Steve's bedroom.  His heart leaped into his throat and for a moment he just lay there in the suit, letting the heavy metal ground him.
Steve was looking a lot worse for the wear.  His neck and the back of his shirt was caked with dried blood, and his wrists had bruised up from where Tony had gripped him.  His uniform was filthy and even though he'd gotten a long nap, there were bags under his eyes.
people don't want to talk about it, it must be really bad.  And it doesn't sound legal. I wanna get DeSoto to tell us more but..."  Tony paused. "...I think I can get him to tell me. But I need to be able to talk to him... like an Alpha.  And I don't want you to get jealous. But if anyone here has any connections or we can get any dirt on that... I mean, I know you wanna stop
"I know," said Steve hastily.  "And trust me, Nat, I'm not saying I'm sympathetic to the Winter Soldier, at all.  Just that... that if I could bring someone over from the other side, I would.  People deserve second chances, y'know?"
If he could get Steve to stop acting out, would everyone forgive him for looking like him?  Would everyone stop being angry at Steve, and therefore him?
"Duty calls," Steve sighed. He turned and tilted his head down to give Tony a proper kiss. "Love you," he whispered against his lips before he pulled away towards the stage.
Steve swallowed and looked down. "I had a bad dream. That's all. Wasn't fun," he whispered and slid his hand down to Tony's hip. He squeezed in reassurance and looked back up into Tony's dark eyes which were currently gleaming with concern. "I'm fine. Honestly."
Steev let out a noise of relief when Tony returned, grabbing his hand when it was offered. He let his Alpha guide him up and stood. Steve almost fell. The throb between his legs made it hard to walk. When they got to the bath Steve had to reach out and shakily grip the ceramic edge but he steeled himself. He pulled himself up and into the bath with Tony's help and sighed in relief as the hot water engulfed him.
Steve looked at himself in the mirror. He honestly thought he looked exactly the same as when he walked in here in the first place. He squeezed Tony's hand back gently. He felt...weird. Banksy had given him a strange sense of self-doubt. Didn't Steve follow what he preached? Wasn't he an all-independent omega who was capable of standing up for himself?
Pepper rolled her eyes.  Tony was tugging on Steve's hand insistently.  Now that Gleason was gone and he wasn't being prodded, his anxiety had faded.  He was in his own home, safe and with the two people in the world he trusted most, and Steve was okay, and everything was going to be fine.
If he could just get the Mark VII up and running, there would be that, too.  But Tony couldn't go down to the shop without looking at the pile of photos on his desk and he remembered, with a sinking sensation, how few of those photos of his father included his father's omega, the omega that didn't get paid and was treated, not as a partner, but as a servant.
Tony stared in horror, but yeah, that was right.  When he'd bonded Steve he'd bitten down, hard, and he'd definitely had something squirt into his mouth.  ...that actually grossed him out even more.
"Good."  He turned to the soldier.  "Go fetch him. The blond. Bring him alive.  No lethal force." Karpov had asked about inducers but intelligence from SHIELD reported that Steve had worked up an immunity to them.  He'd also asked about tranqs but no one was sure what sort of tranq would work on Captain America; anything that would work on a normal human wouldn't do, but they didn't want to overdo it for fear of hurting him.  In the end, they'd decided to leave it up to the witch and the asset to haul him in.
"You sure you're ready to see me like this?" Steve asked, voice soft and tone genuine as his gaze flickered up to Tony's face, studying it intently.
Steve nodded back and then looked up at Tony's hand on his shoulder just as Banksy got drawn in Pepper and Aria's organizational planning. The touch of the Alpha's hand was warm and grounding. "Yeah, I think some air," he said softly, and reached up to take the hand.  He let Tony lead them out; the others had this; they wouldn't mind if he and Tony disappeared for ten minutes or so.
“Maya” she whispers blinking more than once, the scientist is on a chair in front of a computer and surrounded by plants, she turns to see her prisoner
This is a mess, the Helicarrier being attacked and all of them fighting like little kids, and the only actual kid by age standards didn’t really intervene, Steve feels bad again remembering the blank expression on Stark’s face, but pushes the feeling for a while, having more urgent matters at the moment. Agent’s Hill voice sounds over the general comms
“Oh, I’m sorry, now you care? Hey, how about we suit up and race for it?” Tasha smiles at him again but it’s a strained one at best and a completely fake one at worst, Steve finds himself feeling awful over the fact that he put that expression on her face “I’m not afraid to beat an old man” she jabs
“Dr. Banner left his lab as to follow basic human preservation requierments 10 hours ago” JARVIS informs them, Steve archs an eyebrow and Tasha groans
“Back from the dead honey” she hears a deep breath from her friend and smiles, he must have gotten the gossip of her house’s unnoticed demolition “Hey tell me something, you ever have a chick straddling you and you look up and suddenly she’s glowing from the inside out, kind of a bright orange?” Tasha keeps reading the file while driving
“Toni” she rolls her eyes again “I know you, you don’t have crushes unless the person is otherworldly, and you have been into this guy since you move into the Tower, but even with that you have to help your friends, help me!”
“Hey Winghead, so, the good news is that I’m alive...” after listening to Tash, he gets a new resolve, he might not be able to help right now but he still has an idea. Steve goes back to the Phil who is talking to a baby agent “Coulson, let me take Maya Hansen to her hotel” he tells him. Coulson makes a sign to shoo the other man
“Look, I’m titillated by the notion of working with you, I’ll ditch these clowns and I’ll see you up on the roof in five minutes” she slurs and bats her eyelashes, the man blushes a deep shade of red at the flirting
“And how exactly are you planning to do that? You are a little, insignificant girl who is zip-tied to a bed and with no way to call Iron Man” one of the men mocks, Tasha just grins knowingly
“When my parents and my butler Jarvis died I was alone, there were aunt Peggy and aunt Angie of course, but...” she pauses, taking a sip from her newly served drink, and Steve makes an acknowledgment sound “I had nothing, then I met Rhodey and with him I was able to go through, he is my honeybear, I don’t know what I’ll do without him” she admits
“Is this the first time you see a soldier fall?” he asks quietly, not wanting her to storm out as she did before in the debrief room, but he can relate, he saw Bucky fell, after all, the wound was still there, so he wants her to know that she's not alone, she can share her pain with him, he can understand. Tasha sends him an odd look, not at all what he expected
“Working on it, Miss, this is a prototype” she climbs the structure with bullets ricocheting everywhere, she sees her piano falling and takes the opportunity, she lets herself to slide down and fires her repulsors to the piano at the exact same time to send it flying to the nearest helicopter, it takes it down
“Now close your eyes sweety, you don’t wanna see this” he says to Tasha “Close your eyes honey” he prepares to shoot when Tasha activates a secret weapon on her armor and cuts his arm off, he is shocked so it's easy for her to just toss him aside
“Yeah right, I thought you stopped all the playgirl stuff, yet there's you doing the walk of shame three weeks ago still all over the news” she almost chockes with her food, the other residents look at her amused but Steve can’t stop feeling an ugly weight in his mind, he still smiles and raises an eyebrow like the others, what would the public (
“I get that you are super in love with this guy and all but couldn’t you call more often? I really need your help here” Happy all but whines
“You forgot genius, billionaire and philanthropist” she grins and Steve's frustration grows until he finally snaps
“Miss, may I remind you that you have been awake for 72 hours?” Tasha woosh at the camera but promptly ignores her AI
“The heat from the blast was in excess of 3,000 degrees Celsius, any subjects within 12.5 yards were vaporized instantly” JARVIS informs her
“Yeah I’ve had that, sorry who is this?” she can hear the smirk on his face so she knows he just asks to tickle her off or because he really wants to assure himself that she is alive, Tasha would like to think it’s the first option
If there was one thing both assassins missed from their missions (besides Clint missing his family) was their little genius smile and her multiple shenanigans
“You have no idea what you’re dealing with! This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice!”
“Clint, right... need anything else besides a couch to bleed out?” she asked with a tiny smirk which he mimicked
After she frees herself with a plank she goes and takes the car keys from the pants bag of the guy, he won’t be needing them anyway.
“A Hulk” at that moment an arrow pierce the chest of one of the guards and the others start shooting to where the weapon came from, a roar is heard afterward, and the Hulk starts smashing, a bunch of soldiers starts glowing and at least two or three attacks him.
' is the first thing that comes to his mind when he sees Iron man flying towards the Leviathan. He isn't going to even try to pretend that he isn't worried sick for Tasha, leveling with that thing, bad enough was that she had to go and confront Loki all by herself in the first place, especially after she even called Coulson an idiot for doing so. '
“Shut it Hawkass” she definitely doesn’t pout, her friendly banter is short closed by an explosion in the direction of the bank, Tasha gets so startled she almost crash into a building, god she hopes Steve is okay
"And all the information about the terrorist wasn't?" Barton makes a dismissive motion. Nat looks like she wants to say something else, but she stops when she sees the Captain approaching
"I'm not the one who's out of time" Steve prepares himself for the attack as agent Romanov flows the Quinjet and aims at Loki, threatening him. The fight start. Cap throws his shield but Loki swats it away, he tries to punch the god but still gets knocked down by him
“All right, I’m gonna give you a chance to escape, put down your weapons, tie yourselves, I’ll let you live... in five... four... bang! There! You should be gone by now”
' were his almost exacts words, after that, Nat had called and before she could tell JARVIS to block the call, he had answered it, the traitor, so Tasha had to listen to the shouting of both spies with the imminent threat that they were going to take the first jet to Malibu, Hulk included because Bruce had to go calm himself down, admittedly she did feel a little bad for that. After them, uncle Nick and Coulson managed to override her no phone calls order to JARVIS (or he betrayed her again) and proceed to scowl her... both of them, hell even Hill told her that that had been a stupid ass move. Tasha groans again as she can feel a spike of pain, good thing she worked a little on her armors before deciding to do her research as a little relaxation therapy. She's certain that the only reason Rhodey and Pepper haven’t call yet, is because the first one has military business to attend to and haven’t even see the news and the other's busy working SI’s way out of her mess, she has a lot more yelling in her nearby future, she sends the holographic images to the bigger projector “Initiating virtual crime scene reconstruction”
“It’s just... see, you experience things, and then they’re over and you still can’t explain them, gods, aliens, other dimensions? I’m just a woman in a big can, SI and SHIELD keeps me busy, I’m building almost a suit each month and I could build so much more.... and in honesty, the only reason I haven’t cracked up is probably because everyone moved in, which is great because I love them, they are the best super family ever and I’m lucky of having you and them” Tasha takes her hands kindly and stares at Pepper's eyes intently “But.... I can’t sleep, if I try I get a few hours of rest before a nightmare comes rushing to wake me up in the worst posible way, I keep tinkering with things even after the others went to sleep” Tasha sighs “Nat, Clint, Bruce, Steve and Thor when he is here, they are doing their best and I appreciate that, but threat is imminent, and I have to protect the one thing that I can’t live without”
“Wow...” Maya looks at her in disbelief, the fame Natasha Stark has of being a playgirl is as well known as her genius, though nobody knows her real age, everyone agrees that she has shared a bed with an impressive amount of both men and women by how young she looks. Yet, half of those rumors are actually fake since she became pickier with her room partners after what happened with Tiberius Stone
“Is that so? Where are we going, Ms. Stark? Where are you taking me?” the woman aks amused by the genius' mischievous behavior
“Oh yeah, that’s awesome, give me a suit, okay?” Rhodey opens his arms waiting for the armor to come, Tasha mockingly pouts
"What kind of idiot woman wouldn't want you?" now, Steve knows she is ass drunk, he can see it in her red face and hear it in her slurred words, that knowledge doesn't keep him from blushing as he does though, Tasha's eyes are half closed as she smiles sweetly at him "Don't worry Captain, I'll always like you" she mutters falling asleep on his shoulder.
“Yeah right, kid, I’m gonna have to walk you through rebooting JARVIS’s speech drive, meanwhile, where is he really? Look at the screen and tell me where he is”
“Yeah, well, who isn’t?" Tasha answers "Hey, sweetheart, he means me” she tells her date and bites her earlobe slightly
“She‘s not, really” Tasha really doesn't want Steve getting the wrong idea... whatever that might be
After that they entertain themselves exchanging tips of fighting, downing glass after glass, Steve, of course, can't get drunk, but the genius has a very high tolerance if she says so herself. At some point, their conversation diverged and Tasha starts telling him a few stories that her uncles had told her when she was younger prompting Steve to either die of laughter or die of embarrassment, he changes some stories, other he confirms it "Yes I was really skinny and tiny before" and "No that was Dum Dum's doing! How could you believe that?!"
He leaned close enough to knock their shoulders together, and it hurt deep inside, how real it felt, even though Steve was still aware enough to know that it wasn’t.
“There’s a war on.” Stefen refuted, not looking at him and Tony laid a hand on his arm and squeezed until those eyes, so busy tracking every passerby, found his and stuck.
“This book is not so bad,” Tony mused aloud tapping the pages of the bible. “Lot of things a guy can learn if he’s paying attention. Take Ruth. Ever thought about it Pete? A young woman alone. She goes from being a princess with everything she could possibly want to shack up with a foreigner, a guy so different from her it was like night and day, but she must have seen something in him, something worth giving all that up for. Then he has the nerve to go and die on her and she’s got nothing, not penny to her name and no protection.
Blue eyes pinned him in place. Everything about Stefen was coiled tight in way that was becoming so very achingly familiar.
“Buck, tonight I-” Steve looking up and fell quiet as he caught sight of Stark opposite him. His eyes roved over the man's face taking in the purple and black bruises cupping his jaw. Bucky could almost hear Steve’s mind sliding the facts into place.
Tony took the offered seat, bypassing the open chair opposite the desk to settle on the couch- moving the captains jacket onto the arm. Stefen stood for a moment, lips pursed, before deciding to take his seat behind the desk, angling himself toward Tony.
“You’re not Jews, are you?” Daniel asked suddenly and they all stiffened, but the older boy sounded inquisitive rather than accusatory. He nodded to Sara, sitting on Péter’s lap, eyes fixed on the blond curls peeking out from under her cap. “It’s alright. Not all of us are. Nolan’s parents are communists.” Daniel jerked his head toward another boy at the end of the bench. James couldn’t tell what color his hair was under his cap but he had soft brown eyes, and he was the only one in the booth not wearing a bright yellow star.
When she’d gotten her little sister firmly situated Natacha mounted the bike herself and turned in Tony’s direction, looking somewhere just past him, and murmured that they were ready. Despite her perfect posture she looked uncomfortable standing there in her blue and white pinafore. Now that Tony was looking at them all in a row it could be said that, yes alright, the pattern of their attire put one in mind distinctly of drapery.
The shout rang out through the hallway and Péter blanched, heart dropping into his stomach. Behind them he could hear his siblings stir, the breath they sucked in, the cry of one of the little girls before she was hushed by a low murmur from Natacha. Then everything went still.
“It’s not that simple Tony. General Schmidt does not like to be thwarted.” Steve tried to explain. “He’s determined that Péter should go to the S.S. school. The moment he hears I’m rushing to send him abroad he’ll put a stop on Péter’s travel papers and have us all pulled in for questioning. I won’t put the children through that.”
Steve struggled to his feet, ignoring the twinging that lingered in his chest from sore ribs. With one hand he pulled off the glove covering his right hand and with determination shook hers. He hoped she couldn’t feel how he still recoiled every time they touched. Weak. He couldn’t be weak so he tightened his grip.
“We will leave instructions with the staff for him, but Péter is old enough to take care of himself. We must think about what is best for the rest of us right now, and it is best we leave Austria.” She reminded both the daughter and the father with unwavering resolve. They could resent her for it now, but they would thank her for it later.
"I think I much prefer the automobile,” the young woman despaired, giving the compartment around them a disgruntled look and Tony bit back a smile.
It would have to work. She was sure that if her father were still himself, he’d have done anything to save the family. She’d never know though, because he wasn’t and he couldn’t, so she had to. He was counting on her.
“It wasn’t all bad. I knew there were others out there who would embrace who I was and I sought them out. I had my day in the sun believe me.”
“Why don't you listen! I told you not to touch my books!” he screamed and James shrank back, frightened. The silence that followed made him sick. Tony was staring at him like he had never seen him before.
“Uncle Bucky, will you dance with me?” Sara asked, swinging her legs against Stefen’s shins. His expression must have been one of horror because Stefen let out a bark of laughter (the fucker) and Sara swiveled to look up at him. “What?” she asked her brow furrowed in confusion. “Why are you laughing?”
“Can I see it?” Stefen asked, and Coulson rose from his chair, crossing the distance between it and the bed in a few short strides.
“The police have come.” She said, keeping her voice low so it wouldn’t carry to the children playing on the grounds below. Tony’s hands clenched the edges of his book but he kept silent, slowly nodding in acknowledgment.  “They are looking for a pair of gypsy children. Someone reported seeing a pair that matched their description on our grounds!”
“Ah. I figured you might feel that way.” Coulson made to reach inside his jacket and Stefen tensed, hand immediately moving towards the pistol in his pocket. Bucky, the far quicker hand with a gun, barely seemed to move but somehow he had his gun in his hand before Coulson could even get his hand in his pocket. The agent paused, staring at the pistol Bucky had pointed towards him.
"Are you as old fashioned as he is?" Rita asked just as quickly, with a catlike gleam in her eye. She didn't wait for him to answer as she turned and announced to the group at large that her father said that Major Rogers was a prime example of an old German conflicted by old ideals. "Not everyone has the right stomach for progress. Thankfully the old ways are dying out. Young people like us will bring in the New Order. I bet you’ll be right up there next to the Führer one day, just like
For the first time Steve was thankful as the monk continued to chat away to the children and left Steve to his thoughts.
Stefen's shoulder was pressed against his as they stood in the stairway. Seiger had gone upstairs so it was only them against whatever came through the front door. He was certain Stefen had placed himself on point, somewhat in front on purpose. Another day he’d look back on this and mayhap find it endearing.
Steve didn’t sleep. Despite a full day cramped indoors no one felt like sleeping, even though they all knew they should in order to be at their best when the moment for action came. Bucky had hunkered up beside him, shoulders leaning heavily against his, the sound of his familiar breathing lolling Steve closer to sleep.
“Ka xlia ma pe tute, Stevie!” Bakhuizen snapped in that tongue that Tony recognized from the night in the captain’s room. It just added to the mystery surrounding the man. Stefen had written in his letters that he’d been raised in Poland and Bakhuizen was supposed to be a childhood friend. Tony’s polish was restricted to greetings and asking where he could relieve himself, but he could tell it wasn’t that.
Finally finding what he was looking for, Tony swiveled the journal around, presenting he pages with something bordering too close to desperation for his comfort.
If looters were shot trying to strip the empty homes the Jews had left behind them, it was because they were stealing government property.
"I'm not a baby, Pietro. I know they're going to kill him and that we are only waiting to die" she muttered and Péter jerked back in alarm.
“Keep him on his side!” a voice shouted above him. Hands grabbed at Steve's face, forcing his mouth open. He couldn’t see who it was through his blurred vision. He couldn’t scream either, but that didn’t stop his throat from convulsing around the tube. The horrible gurgled sounds of his aborted effort echoed in his ears. The doctors held him down, pressing in around his small cot until they had pumped everything from his stomach.
Stefen fell back into a delirious sleep and Tony continued to wipe away the sweat that had collected on his brow. The methodical motion was soothing as his brain hummed once more along a familiar track of thought, searching for a solution - because he refused, simply refused to accept that things would end this way. Stefen would not have survived a war and countless years of hardship, just to die in his bed from fever.
“Well I would.” Ian insisted stubbornly, hunching his shoulders defensively. “They’re better than babies. Don’t you think so Da?”
“Good one, Péter!” his young friend Bobby exclaimed, leaning close to get a look at it. “My father’s got one but he never lets me touch it.”
The soldier had been coming up behind Bucky whose back had been turned. Steve barely remembered pulling the trigger but he remembered the soldier tipping over the edge of the mountain, splitting open on the ground below.
"I didn't like deceiving you," he admitted with a sigh. “At first you were just another Nazi. Why shouldn’t I give Nik whatever he was looking for? But then I got to know you and… everything changed.”
“You should be.” Steve had never wanted to shake someone so badly, but he shut out the rage and the fear – the whole storm of emotions – shut out everything but how to get Péter back.  He turned away sharply, striding from the room as he pulled the whistle from his pocket and whistled sharply for Virginia.
He was going to be as tall as his father Tony thought, observing with a fond smile as Péter assisted Artur with the buttons on his blouse, telling his younger brothers excitedly about an album full of pictures his friend Ned had given him for his birthday.
When the children had begged Stark to allow them to show their father the puppets they’d been making for some party they were going to throw when Sam came back Bucky had been irritated – because Weiss was gone and there wasn’t going to be any damn party – but then Charlotte had backed up the idea, claiming a puppet show was her ideal way to spend the afternoon, and Stark had given Steve this look. Bucky would like to think it was Charlotte’s polite enthusiasm for the idea that swayed him, but he wasn’t one to indulge in fantasy if he could help it. It was Stark and those eyes of his that were pulling Stefen’s strings these days.
“But why are they making that old man do it?” Tony could hear the confusion in Artur’s voice but it didn’t stop the painful burning in his chest when James replied, as eager as a schoolboy in classroom who knew he had the correct answer for once.
Steve rigidly ignored Bucky’s eyebrows shooting up. Charlotte paused on her way up the stairs to stare curiously back at them.
“You have someone spying on me.”  It was a statement rather than a question because Coulson had already admitted as much, but Steve knew it went deeper than that. It was in the man’s confidence. Coulson believed he knew enough about Steve to have the upper hand, to know what moves he’d make. You didn’t get that simply by watching someone’s movements, you did it by getting close. Someone close to him was watching him.
Stefen had bought him a suit? Tony was still struggling to grasp the reality of it when Stefen called his name gently.
He drifted, the hand that had been exploring Tony’s back now trickling through the sleep worn waves of his hair.
“No! Father I’m not ready. We’re not been in the water long at all.” James tightened his legs around his Father’s waist, wriggling desperately.
It was a good thing Tony’s first instinct was to bite his tongue and muffle the near scream of fright that startled out of him or else he was likely to have woken the entire household as a body dropped down from the balcony above with the skill of an acrobat.
Péter ought to be pleased, Tony thought as Bakhuizen took the small envelope and excused himself, following Hammer back inside. Beside him Stefen sighed and muttered under his breath.
“He’s alright Stefen,” Tony murmured from the other side of the bed. He was curled up behind Maria who in turn was clutching Artur close in her sleep, her dark hair tangled over her face.
Charlotte chuckled, a sound more genuine than any he’d heard come from her all day while they’d been in the public. It made him smile.
"I don't think we can even get to the counter," Bruce remarked, warily eyeing the crowd of bodies blocking the ticket booth.
“My God, what have you gotten yourself into?” Tony asked, already knowing Stefen would consider this one of the things too dangerous for him to know and frustrated by it.
Tony stared at him for a long drawn out moment. When he finally moved it felt like all the breath Steve had ever held rushed back into his lungs before it was sucked out again in a rush.
And it said something, that James did not even put up a word of protest. His children were all watching him silently, waiting on him.
Tony’s thoughts drifted back to the brothers. With each passing day it was harder to swallow the chafing loneliness that followed thoughts of them. It had only intensified with Clinton's visit. He missed being a monk of all things! Nik must never know. Tony would never live down the embarrassment.
James did not speak, but his hand tightened in Tony’s shirt. He rested his head against Tony’s shoulder while they continued their ministrations and Tony didn’t mind at all the discomfort of kneeling next to the tub until long after the heat from the water had faded.
Tony’s heart sank into his stomach with guilt, realizing the lateness of the hour. He was late, just like yesterday.
He’d asked for every detail of his children's movements and he’d gotten it, down to an equation summarizing the amount of hair Natacha had pulled out while brushing her hair that morning.
Tony climbed back aboard the couch, laying his smaller frame across Stefen’s back and wrapping his arms around him tightly.
"Ukrainian." Bakhuizen clapped a hand each on the children's shoulders and squeezed them just as Pepper appeared, her eyes sweeping over the scene that met her but betraying nothing as she came to halt before the captain.
Cameron smothered an involuntary chuckle in his sleeve and Péter frowned, crossing his arms in irritation. Why did Natacha have to be so stubborn all the time, and think she knew best?
He had a penchant for cigar smoking that his wife couldn’t stomach but had suffered bouts of insomnia ever since he’d been young. Smoking calmed Ludy, so he was in the habit of cracking open the bedroom window when it was warm enough not to bother the wife and leaning out to have his smoke.
!” Tony jerked, cursing as Steve gagged and reared his head back, chest heaving with coughs. It wasn’t a laughing matter, but he couldn’t help but laugh at the utterly affronted expression Steve was giving his cock. As if to say,
“One-hundred-thirty thousand Reichmarks.” Martin replied succinctly and Tony arched his eyebrows, quickly doing the math. Farkas had been receiving a “donation” of close to five thousand marks a year since Tony had arrived, almost twice what the damn lawyer made. A tidy sum Tony’s ass.
Hitler had made it more dangerous to be different but people didn’t change. They kept on, even if they had to do it with their heads down and an eye on their shadow.
"Everything is good. We are among friends. We are happy and well fed and soon we will be reunited with Father." Pietro prattled enthusiastically, but rather than cheer Wanda the girl's eyes pricked with tears and she turned away to stare back out at the water.
“You have to tell people he went back to school as planned. And then you have to trust James to find him.”
The look in her eyes was a bit perplexed, but her mouth tilted in a small smile and she shifted closer to him, leaning back into the cradle of his chest. She smelled like home, like bread and wool. Like she’d woken every morning of her life before this to make bread, tend house, and knit jumpers. The discomfort of being touched faded to the background as he concentrated fiercely on that scent.
. They never did, and it's your pride that prevents you from asking my help convincing them.” His face was stone in the reflection of the mirror but she knew her words had cut him, the way only the unacknowledged truth could. Good.
Steve hummed, and without taking his eyes off Stark nodded for Péter to leave them. Péter's shoulders sagged in relief and clutching his baby sister to him made a hasty exit. Steve could hear him murmur a good night to Frau Hogan as he slunk past.
Stark cared about them and leveled with them in a way that others didn’t. They were drawn to that, like plants to sunlight.
“Inola, Dear, have another drink. You look faint.” Sieger passed her a cup, the brief scent of tea and whiskey filling Tony's senses. The professors square hand rested heavily on her shoulder for a moment before he clasped them behind his back to resume his pacing. Tony was going to go insane with the sound of it.
“Something like that,” Kirk smirked. “I felt sorry for him. He didn’t have a lot of friends. Just a Negro boy that worked for them I think. I know a thing or two about having something to prove, and I figured it was a lot of pressure on a kid living up to a name like Stark, and like I said… his father never seemed to want him around.”
He glanced back at the closed bedroom door. He wasn't good with children, but he didn't fancy being locked up with Rogers and Fischer again. The doctor was starting to get under his skin.
But the words were like water thrown over the fire raging in Steve’s blood. He heard Tony again in his mind, accusing him of sounding like his father, accusing him of not listening.
Dvorak extended his hand, palm up, voice snapping with command and Fischer slowly grinded his teeth, a deeply unhappy expression settling on his face. Dvorak knew good and well that Rogers file was back at base camp, and Becker would have reported it to him if someone had asked for it in Dvorak’s absence. Thank god for whatever had prompted the woman to spout such a lie. It was a simple solution to the nuisance of suspicion.
“First, we must ask Captain, are you positive of the validity of the letter?” Siv asked, her dark eyes boring into his to ferret out lies and omissions. Steve didn’t doubt that she was not someone easily fooled or taken advantage of. Thankfully neither was he.
“You wanted to speak?” Stefen prompted as soon as Milthede had shut the door behind her with a smart thud.
“We couldn't have done any of it without you,” Steve replied, forcing his mouth into a smile. If he weren’t broken, he’d be smiling at Tony just like this, holding back the desire to touch him, to marvel at the
"No Bannführer, but the condition of the radio made it next to impossible for us to complete our assignment." Bobby insisted with a touch of belligerence that Péter hoped he didn't get a smack for. "Rottenführer Rogers said he could fix ours. Cadet Johann did not believe him Sir and got into a fight with Cadet Hoff for defending him."
He was sad of course to hear about Ollie Boesch, but he had never really met the man. Beyond the brief glimpses caught when Herr Boesch came to make his weekly deliveries they’d never had an occasion to interact, but he’d seemed a gentle sort. His good mornings and well-wishes had always struck Tony as perfectly neighborly.
Anya had a nice voice and knew a ton of interesting songs. Sometimes she didn't even bother singing them in German when Tony managed to get her to sing. And now that he knew the truth about her and her brother Péter wondered if she was speaking Gypsy. Anya... that is Wanda, reminded him of his grandmother.
Tony whipped his head up just in time to catch the faint smile on Stefen’s face. Something eased in his gut at the sight and he smirked back, feigning mock dismay.
either way. Important thing was they had each other, they were familia together, and as soon as Bucky saved his ungrateful ass, they were getting the hell out of Germany like Bucky had been telling him they should from the beginning.
"Our parents used to throw the best parties." Ian recounted with an air of longing. "Mama would drag the tables out into the garden and all of the neighbors would be invited. Do you remember how Natacha would always beg Da to play his mandolin so she could dance?"
Grimm handed him a small piece of paper with the floor and room numbers where the other units were lying in wait, and Steve called for a torch which one of the men quickly supplied. Shining the powerful light outside the window he quickly powered it on and off, using standard Morse Code to announce their unit and their status. All well.
She nodded, clear blue eyes fixed on him, as if she’d expected the response. He couldn’t read her expression as she returned to her food.
He’d still believed in it, even after the war was lost and the Monarchy in exile. He and Bucky had gone back to leopoldstadt after the war to celebrate their survival. They’d lived (when so many others had died) they couldn’t sleep at night but by god they could drink, and laugh, and kiss pretty women when so many of their brothers could not say the same. They’d barely slept, going from theater house to jazz club each night. Stuffing their senses with music, color, and flesh, and when all of that failed them the best liquor their pensions could buy them.
“Yes, it is the sixth of December... It is the first night of Chanuka!” His cousin exclaimed and Tony tensed. “You didn’t tell him?”
The curfew had made things difficult for Péter and the other Salzburg X-Men to perform their strikes but Péter had a unique advantage over the others, being a leader in the HJ.
James was right, the post had already come once today. That meant the message had to be urgent. Ian righted himself and wiped his sweaty bangs out of his face to look back out at the road again, biting his lip. Something wasn’t right.
“I told em what the army told me, that they were repossessing some of my apartments for military use and I wasn’t dumb enough to ask questions.” Grimm grunted in reply, the premature frown lines around his mouth deepening. That was good, but they’d still need to be careful. There was always danger still if some concerned resident of the building brought too much attention to their presence there.
since when was Stark, Antony, to her? He was so taken aback by the woman’s slip he almost missed her last words. When they sank in a feeling like rage lit within his belly and he did nothing to mask it. To her credit Virginia did not flinch from his obvious fury. “- But he did ask for my permission Captain and I gave it.”
“Well, you’re not wrong. But it wasn’t the parcel I went for.” Stefen pushed away from the door and reached into his jacket without further ado and Tony blinked in surprise.
Battle fatigued, weary from the start, and yet the Howling Commando’s went on to complete twenty-five campaigns. I can’t imagine it was easy for him – or easy for you!
"The Reich has revoked the papers of all polish immigrants whom the state classifies as Jewish. They were accused of abusing German hospitality and illegally occupying employment. They were told their crimes would be forgiven if they agreed to immediately return to Poland, after signing an agreement never to come back. They were loaded on the last shipment out. I'm sorry."
“Of course. But forgive me Your Em – ” Tony bit back a grin as Bruce struggled and ultimately decided on going with what he must feel was the lesser of two evils. “Forgive me Cardinal Rossi, but I’ll only need a moment more to treat this patient. Perhaps we can speak here?”
And without warning Steve’s mind went blank, orgasm crashing through him as he spilled into his hand. All he could do is let it wash over him.
It made it impossible to completely relax, even though they were on solid ground, comfortable, dry, and being treated with what he didn’t doubt was the star treatment the Royal Navy reserved for buttering up very important persons.
Banner sighed, exasperated for Bruce need not fully understand what was behind Tony’s mirth to know an innuendo when heard one. Tony chuckled harder and went back to peeling potatoes.
He chose his words carefully, just as carefully as Tony appeared to be choosing his notes. He had Tony's full attention now despite the pretense he kept up of paying attention to the piano. It occurred to him that he was taking a risk confronting him so openly. Tony could have a weapon on him. But even as the thought flickered through his head, Steve dismissed it. There was a certainty deep in his bones that whatever else happened, that Tony would not hurt him. At least not here, with the children so close.
Steve breathed out slowly, his body still thrumming with adrenaline, the aftertaste of fear metallic in his mouth as he came to grips with Bucky’s mixed messages of absolutions and warnings, and processing through his own mixed bag of emotions.
"I was about to tell you Stark, Stefen has been asked to take a tour and drum up support for the army.  The whole family has been invited.”
“Oh I’m sure,” Tony went along with it cheerfully enough.  “And that’s funny; because I know someone else who couldn’t sleep thinking Artur was mad at him.”
“I want to. God, Stefen I do, but the children. If those men come back - they were like animals. They -” A desperate keen eeked out of Tony’s mouth, his hands clenching tighter as he nodded, tears rolling down his cheeks. Steve hitched himself closer, one hand sliding up and down Tony’s thigh, soothing, the dirty fabric catching on his palms.
“Yes, here you are.” Rogers clapped his hands behind his back and Tony wondered if the captain had meant to fall into parade rest. “My children don’t need supervision as much as they need a tutor. I trust the Abbot has brought you up to date with my children’s circumstance?”
Grimacing he straightened, purposefully keeping his mind blank as he went about washing and zipping up, and then he left the latrine. He snapped the door shut behind him, only to discover that Kroger was awake and sitting up now. The man met his gaze with a smirk as he asked, “Alright, Major? Got everything in hand?”
Once more the conversation halted, the others going silent as they turned to him for an answer, the good mood that had prevailed over the meal slowly draining in the prospect of his departure.
Bucky had thought that after agreeing to spend the day sparring with the children that Steve would be insistent on going back to his office in order to finalize their preparation for the meeting in Vienna; and maybe he would have, if not for the monk.
“You know, when you said rescue mission Bakhuizen, I was imagining less goats.” Scott’s grumbling was mostly lost under the bleating of goats that filled the back of the truck. Lang was sat in the bed of the truck along with Jons, their bodies as well as their guns and ammunition mostly hidden underneath blankets and the crates that held the loudly protesting live stock.
Whatever was going to happen, it was nothing good for them. Ian was sure of it down to his bone. Because the impossible had already happened.
Bucky stumbled down the stairs Christmas morning. He rolled his neck, wincing as the ligaments popped fitfully. The headache that had persisted since last night- well more like, since the last three fourths of the bottle of Vodka he’d downed somewhere in the early morning - pounded away in his skull. He rubbed at his temples, taking precious care not to add to the thunderstorm gathering in his head.
He held out his hand indicating the door and the baroness nodded at the maid who was still stood by Rogers, still looking quite queasy herself.
Turning back to Emil and the others she tossed an apology over her shoulder and began to hurry as quickly down the steps of the Cinema House as she could without earning a scolding later from her superiors. But she hadn’t got very far when Emil grabbed her by the shoulder and squeezed, almost causing her to slip. His fingers were digging into her shoulder.
“Of course, we are.” Artur snapped and the man looked at him like Artur was a bug he wanted to squash.
Stefen’s words (and it was so hard now not to think of him as Stefen) while not exactly riot inciting, were certainly despairing of the country’s direction, which nowadays was as good as treason.  If the letter had gotten into the hands of anyone else within the Reich… if Tony even had been more of a nationalist, Rogers might very well have found himself arrested. Perhaps he expected that his fame would protect him some, but nonetheless he had written dangerous words and it was baffling to Tony that he’d entrusted them to Tony of all people (Rogers didn’t even like him!). Was it learning that he was a Stark? Had Hughard been that much of a hero to him?
Her brows drew together, her usual timidity returning as she unclasped his fingers, dropped the little wooden bobble into his hand and replied in a very shy voice. “I was with Fraulein Braun, Vati. Look what she gave me.”
Artur's stomach felt like it was full of ants. Waiting was very hard, and it was even harder not to keep looking at Charlotte to make sure he hadn't missed the signal that meant it was time for their adventure to start. Frau Hogan had told them not to cry when she and Herr Hogan said goodbye that morning. Everything was going to be alright. They were running away with Tony and Uncle Bucky, but the bad men mustn't know. When he'd asked if they were going to get vati, she'd told them that vati would catch up to them. Artur was very good at keeping secrets but it was hard to wait. He wanted to see Tony.
He didn’t envy the uphill climb that Stefen had ahead of him, as far as Péter went, he just hoped Stefen had the strength to stick it out. The reward would be worth it.
“You act as thick as thieves.” She laughed, the sound ringing like bells though it was tight and higher then it usually was. “I thought for sure you must have met during the war. Now I’m devilishly curious to know the story behind your meeting. I don’t know any man who would raise a dozen children that weren’t his own. Most would be insulted-”
"I don't think he has a hand in it. Here is the route we’ll be taking. I’ve circled the stop where the Kindertransport boards the train headed west. "
“You don’t have to be a martyr Susann, to feel you’ve done the right thing.” He shot back. “There is no shame in protecting your family. You have a responsibility to them too.”
Tony didn’t consciously choose to sleep, too worried that Stefen would slip away while he dozed. Time moved in a blur of exhaustion and anxiety that made it seem as if every second crawled, until time itself began to mean nothing. There was just Stefen and every breath he took, and the one he struggled to take after that, and the next one after that. Sometimes there was nothing to be done but sit, and he did so without protest for the first time he could remember, as if he’d been sculpted from clay with this very chair beneath him. He sat at Stefen’s side and laid his hand against whatever bit of flesh was closest, an arm, a shoulder, just to keep feeling him, just to be sure, and tried not to think about what would happen if Stefen never woke up.
Tony hauled the sled and had Ian follow behind, obscuring their progress with a branch of pine. It wouldn’t be enough; he knew that, but it had snowed off and on very faithfully the past two months. He could only hope the snow came again soon and did the rest.
“We can’t wait around for god to solve this one Bruce. Frankly I don’t know how someone as smart as you are ever bought into the fantasy.”
Becker swiped sweat from his forehead, wishing he could reach the droplets that crawled down his spine.
Tony sighed and ruffled his hair, chuckling as Ian batted him away with a horrified squeal of protest. It had taken him so long to get it just right!
Bucky adjusted his scope one last time and recounted his ammunition. Even if they were lucky enough to take out everyone in the first truck with the crash, the men on the ground were heavily outnumbered. They were relying on Bucky and the other snipers to pick off as many as they could from the relative safety of the trees. It was familiar territory, and though his heart sounded heavy in his eardrums it was calm, and Bucky’s hands were as steady as they’d ever been.
He’d been so careless. Selfish. Inconsiderate of anything besides his need for Tony and unwilling to heed Bucky’s warnings. Charlotte was clever and very good and manipulating circumstances to get the things she wanted. Not usually for malicious reasons, but when it came to matters of the heart… it changed people.
He didn't know how common this was.  He didn't know how omegas, much less male omegas, worked.  He didn't know whether or not he was supposed to even be sad.  He just knew it hurt.  Perhaps moreso because it hurt his mate.
The moment the guards burst into the cell, Bucky was ready.  He scooped Steve up in a single motion, not trusting his ankle to hold up, and charged through the door.  He'd expected more resistance but they seemed shocked and Bucky wondered how the hell they were being entrusted to guard prisoners if they didn't know the "create an emergency" trick.
"Clint saved my life," said Natasha simply.  "And he gave me a family. I never thought I'd..."  She trailed off, staring at the tire swing in the yard.
"You're not from SHIELD?" Steve asked, admittedly surprised. He'd expected one of those straight faced scientists from when he'd been seeing Bucky in simulations, or someone like them.. .not this woman. She looked approachable, calm, and seemed to be genuinely worried about Tony. Which was sweet.
"Good morning to you too," Steve grinned as he stood. He pressed a noisy kiss to Tony's cheek, and then ducked his head down to kiss his mouth.
There was a mirror on the wall, and the other man was cinching up a tie, his back to Steve.  He was wearing a mauve shirt and a grey pinstripe waistcoat; his shoes were shined to a sharp black gleam.
"You might have worried people, but you kept Bucky and Tony apart. That would have been messy," Phil pointed out.
"Love you.  G'night," mumbled Tony, curling up against Steve's body.  The shop would be there in the morning, he figured.  It was past nine.  Normally, Tony was a night owl; his dusk was other people's dawn, and he'd spent a lot of mornings watching the sun come up from his balcony, a cup of coffee in his hand, before crashing into bed, hard.  With Steve around, he'd noticed his sleep schedule was starting to resemble a normal person's.
"And... and it could-- could be Giddy's?  We had sex at the conference. It could be his, right?" pressed Donner excitedly.
The doors clicked open with a soft hiss. Steve and Natasha didn't hesitate. She pulled out a small gun, aimed at the ceiling, and shot out a rope.
"Tony, we need to go take our seats now," Pepper breathed and squeezed his arm, giving him a serious look. "They have food and drinks ready. Come on Steve, we have seats for you too..."
"...hee hee.  Adjusting," repeated Tony groggily, wiggling his hips a little.  He stifled a yawn, dipping his fingers in the warm water and trickling a few droplets over Steve's back.
Every monitor hooked up to Steve went haywire, beeps and trills and alarms sounding; Steve's body spasmed and, half-asleep, Steve reached up and began ripping wires off himself.  Tony slammed against the window (
"So... so just to be clear- no battles, no... no tests?  This is just purely exploratory?" asked Tony.
"Steve," said Tony, resisting the urge to roll his eyes, "they're not going to use up an awesome project name like
He put the sketch book down slowly and swallowed. "Please just promise me you won't hate me not matter what you see?"  Steve whispered, gaze drifting away to the bed sheets.
He got into the passenger's seat, twisting so he could stroke Steve's neck with his good hand, the one actually capable of feeling Steve's warmth.  It was instinctual, to check that their mark was still there, unaltered.  Thankfully, it was.  He traced it, their mark, and found that it was the same as it had been since 1936.
"You're a true wordsmith, Mr. Stark," said the doctor with a light smile.  He pulled a tube of ointment out of his bag and offered it to Tony. Tony took it gratefully.
"A girl," repeated Donner, as Richard handed him the gooey mess.  Her umbilical cord was still trailing; Tony was actively gagging over Steve's shoulder.  "A... a little girl. A girl!" He looked around the room, beaming, eyes watering. "I-- I have a baby!  A girl! A baby girl!" he exclaimed.  "A... beta?  She's a beta!  A girl!"
Steve's war Alpha had not been able to rebond him.  Their mark spoke of Bucky's claim in clear, unambiguous way.
He sat back down on the couch, dragging Steve over to rest his head on his kneel, still massaging behind his ear.  Steve wasn't kneeling; he was simply draped like a ragdoll, half on the couch and half on the floor.
"All done.  Go have something to eat.  Don't drive or operate machinery for at least a few hours.  And yes, Mr. Stark, that applies to your exosuit."
They needn't have worried.  Bucky had resolutely insisted on staying with them.  Steve's orders had been clear: he was to go with the twins and stay away from HYDRA.
." Cargo sometimes meant actual cargo, but other times meant live experiments; the heat signatures from the satellites made it clear that the base imported people as well as equipment.  "Then we do what we do."
Tony pulled his pillow over his head, feeling awful, shaky and weak and cold.  He found himself hoping that, where ever Steve was, he was having a better day.
"It's Nat and Clint," Steve answered automatically when Tony asked and then realised what he'd just done. He blinked and swallowed thickly.
That clearly wasn't the answer the woman was after but Steve seriously didn't want people turning to him. It's not like he was assaulted, per se, which most people in his situation would have been. Honestly that made his whole status as 'force bonded' feel almost invalid, in some ways.
David sobered up immediately.  "...I see. Yes, they're an erotic zone; if pressure is applied the right way, it causes them to express and it basically makes the omega's body think it's in pre-heat for a few seconds.  It's actually rather tricky to do, though. You can't see or feel the glands from the outside, so unless you know exactly how to force them to express, you're going in blind. ...this woman wouldn't happen to be Margaret Frond, would she?"
"A tradition?" Steve echoed, moving towards the center of the room as Hal did. A lot of gazes were turning. "I didn't think they would allow that kind of thing..."
"Do you wanna go home now?" Steve asked Tony quietly and squeezed his fingers gently, the pad of his thumb brushing over the bumps of his knuckles. Tony still felt a little too cold- like he'd really been out in all that terrible wind and snow. "It's up to you. Whatever you want Tones."
Dr. Brennan smiled.  "You're awake and, I have to say, looking much better."  She glanced at Tony, snuggled up in Steve's bed, arms around his pillow.  "...I hope he didn't kick you out of your own bed. How do you feel this morning?"
George and Danielle both rushed over to him, but Banksy was beyond words; he just kept wailing.  And Donner's face went white, and he turned and looked at Steve. "--the bond broke," he said softly.  Of course Donner knew what that felt like. Danielle herself was unbonded and George was still bonded to his old Alpha, Luke.  Steve had only experienced it once, very, very briefly, in Yemen, the sudden empty silence as part of the soul flickered out like a flame in the wind.
Underneath there was a picture of him on stage speaking into the microphone, his brow drawn together like he was saying something serious.
"No, no, Donner liked him before he came out.  You know how everyone says he looks like him. I hear that's why Gideon bought him back in... what was it?"
"...you can talk to them if you want," said Tony after a few moments of staring at the stones.  "I don't," he added, unnecessarily. Tony didn't see any point in it. They were dead, after all, and couldn't hear him, and even if that weren't the case, what would he say?
Tony let himself out onto the balcony and leaned over the railing with a groan, holding his head in his hands.  He caught a whiff of another Alpha; two balconies away, a man was smoking on his own balcony.  Tony stared.  The man, sensing his gaze, turned and looked at him.  Tony snarled automatically, the hairs on his arms and neck standing up.
Steve was listening to any of them. It wall all fading into white noise. He'd never felt so cold in his life, not even when he was drowning. The sensation was similar to that, except this time it didn't feel like hundreds of tiny arrows were pricking and piercing his skin. Now he felt slow, and heavy. Steve saw the blackness on Tony's screen and felt sucked in by it. He couldn't look away. It reminded him of being naked and covered in blood and Tony thinking he was an angel. It reminded Steve of ripping Vanko's heart out of his chest. It reminded Steve of the crunch when he'd brought his shield down on Schmidt's neck.
She leaned in.  "...good boy," she said, softly, kindly, her voice so quiet that, even in the stunned silence of the room, only Steve and Tony heard it.
"It's in my chest.  I'm going to die.  I'm dying, and I'm in hell," said Tony.  He gagged softly, fighting the urge to vomit.
Steve didn't know who Kate or Carter or Thirteen or whatever her name was, but one thing was clear.  She wasn't a nurse.  She had spent her time at the hospital commanding the staff with a shocking amount of authority, and by the time men in sunglasses and earpieces and barely concealed weapons began to cluster around Steve's and Fury's rooms, Steve had figured out she was a higher-up in one of those agencies that Tony called "alphabet soup:" FBI, CIA, DOD, NSA, or SHIELD.
Justin laughed breezily.  "You're such a kidder, Tony.  Have you been drinking?  We ought to drink together sometime, it'd be fun.  Well, enough chit-chat, I know you're busy, I'm busy too, you know, us two, movers, shakers, and producers, right?  Get me that spot at the Expo.  You're gonna be surprised, Tony, really, I promise that."
"Project 84.  You'll see," promised Steve.  A smile quirked his lips upwards and his eyes glinted.  "They'll all see."
Steve elbowed Tony, vibrating with excitement.  "Tony.  Tony, is the video released?  Is it?" he asked.
Tony remained on Steve; he couldn't have pulled away if he wanted to.  "No. No, shh, my omega... my good omega... it's okay, it's okay, it's okay..."
"Hey, what the hell, that's our dog!  What did you do that for?" yelled the man.  The dog was already coming back.
Like this Steve was even more vulnerable, even more exposed. He swallowed, listening to Tony's movements intently to try and predict what was coming next.
"All yours," gasped Tony, tensing.  "All yours..." He arched into his omega, hips stuttering and jerking, spilling his seed into him.  He sank back into the couch, Steve still sitting on top of him, his cock twitching as it pumped the last few strings of semen into him.  Tony smiled up lazily.
On the bed, the omega was lying on his stomach, one fist pressed into his cheek, flipping through the television channels lazily.  "It's true. Coffee helps," he reported.
Tony let out a noise of surprise.  He wasn't even fully awake yet but already his hips were moving, thrusting into Steve.  Steve's whole body was tight, rigid with a sort of desperation, like he was tensing from pain, but that wasn't in; the whole room was thick with his scent.
