Cas barely hesitates, leaning forward again to press his lips against Dean’s. And they’re kissing again, but this time more slowly. More involved.
“We’ll keep an eye on it,” Sam says, but Dean already feels distant from it. He wants to get back to the important work he was doing.
“And Dean gave himself permission as well, in the end. He gave himself permission to stop fighting so hard. To stop shouldering the burden of saving the entire world. He was tired, Sam. He’d done enough.”
“It’s taking advantage of us,” Anna said, “by linking our minds together. In reality, there could be thousands of groups of angels and demons just like us, sharing dreams based on what they did before they died. All reinforcing each other’s visions. Groups kept small enough to prevent people from having conflicting experiences. We
“He’s been sitting outside your door. He’s worried.” He holds up his phone. “Look, I’m going to call my doctor, okay? I’ll see if she can get you in.”
just turns Cas on—and he goes over to kiss her and Dean feels a combination of emotions: relief that Cas is alive, horror that he’s kissing Meg, and anxiety that their bocce balls are about to fall into a roaring creek that has just appeared and seems to get bigger and bigger. “Cas, we need to get out of here,” he says, “the water is rising”—and then there’s a tornado, or maybe more than one, the kind of “tornado alley” cataclysmic event where four approach all at once, and one is made of the same goo as the Empty.
. He thinks about this when he takes Miracle on walks in the fields behind the bunker. He figures there are signs, tons of signs all around him. He almost doesn’t want to count, because knowing Cas and Jack, there are so many. Bees, flowers, trees. Goddamn butterflies. The good things. Where to even begin.
“They weren’t. Not really. Especially Dean. I believed he’d found some degree of peace, but—he was devastated when he lost you. And by
The 9/11 widow got to go to her husband. But Sam isn’t a widow, he’s an orphan. And when orphans outlive their parents, they often live for a long-ass time.
As they walk around the zoo, he wants to say something to Dean, but it’s something Dean’s not ready to hear. Maybe he’ll never be able to hear it, Sam doesn’t know.
“I’m sorry, Sam,” he gasps. “He was your friend, too and—and I took him from you, and from Jack—I took Jack’s dad from him—he’s in the Empty forever and it’s all my fault—”
He can feel Jack smile. “Sam will be fine. Just—trust me on that one. But I’m thinking about you. What do
Human isn’t what Cas is. He’s something else that’s equally beautiful and brilliant. Dean can’t take that, can’t ask for that.
“You’re a good man, Dean. I just wish you could see that.” She pauses. “What he said—it wasn’t wrong. You seem to think the worst of yourself …. Well, I just wish I’d been there.”
check out the rec room. Just to get his mind off things. He hadn’t expected his memories to return like this, and he doesn’t want to be alone with his thoughts, thoughts of betrayal and—
“Medulloblastoma. Cancer, basically. My parents had already taken me for testing before …. Well, right after you saved us, I got the diagnosis. I lived for another seven months.”
“But you couldn’t even do that.” Sam’s close to Dean now, looking down at him. “For some bizarre fucking reason, you couldn’t just step up and do the right thing for once in your goddamn life. And I’m the asshole who let you get away with it.” He shakes his head. “I’m just as bad.”
“Well. In any case. I’m still curious about this true form of yours.” Dean runs one finger along Cas’s face. “And if I’ll ever get to see it.”
Dean’s birthday also passes with little fanfare. In fact, he and Sam are on the road, picking off a vamp nest. Fairly straightforward, low-risk mission. They don’t even let backup know.
“I mean, she’s clearly got a screw or two loose. But still, Castiel. You gonna move on this girl or what?”
“He’s coming along,” his nurse says in Enochian. “But he’s still critical. Of all the beings brought back from the Empty?”
Cas half sobs, half laughs. “No, Dean. You could never … I just—never knew. I knew sexual intimacy was important to your species … but I—” He doesn’t finish his sentence.
Cas set his hands on Malachi’s shoulders, stared straight into his eyes. “You’ve done terrible things, Malachi. You’ve killed angels. You’ve butchered friends. Innocent humans. Tortured people. Started insurrections. You mowed down anyone who got in your way. Just like me.”
When he pulls away, Cas’s eyes are still closed. Then he opens them slowly, as if being pulled from sleep.
This has been the shittiest year, on top of a shitty decade. Sure, they beat Chuck. But they lost everyone else—everyone who meant anything. This next year can’t be any worse, can it?
“We come here on our teaching days,” Adina says. “We like the atmosphere. Good people-watching opportunities.”
It’s a piece of information that Cas won’t register until later—his mind is too preoccupied with this odd scene in front of him, with Gabriel tolerating Metatron, and Gadreel and Abner apparently reconciled.
Mary still looks confused, but she also looks contemplative. A crease forms between her eyes. “So you kissed Cas … and what? It was awkward afterward?”
“He came to me too. Can I …?” He gestures to the seat. Dean says nothing, so he climbs into the backseat and closes the door behind him.
Initially, they felt positive about his chances of returning. Cas has gone away before; every time he comes back, each resurrection a little less plausible. He’s survived fire and all manner of total obliteration. He’s survived purgatory. He survived the goddamn
Some minutes later—Dean wasn’t sure how much time passed—he collected himself, wiped his eyes and nose with the back of his sleeve, and sat upright again. Calmed his breathing.
Cas’s face tensed. “I don’t know about that, Dean. It had the same effect on her. At the end of the day, does the reason really matter? I took her father from her. He’d be alive if it weren’t for me. She’d have a family.”
Dean watched Cas scramble for the pieces of the glass. “You’re losing your mojo again,” he said. He turned back to shuffling a deck of cards. “We’ll have to cut you off. Maybe it’s time to think about Python.”
A couple times he drags himself to the door, just to prove he’s okay. Each journey to the door and back feels like it takes days.
After Cas was dead—and when he wasn’t sobbing into his pillow, grieving Cas like he’d never grieved for anyone in his life (he didn’t grieve that deeply for his mother or his father or Sam, but they could never know this)—he’d stop to allow himself just to feel it: this desire, this attraction to Cas. It amazed him. It existed beyond any self-definition he’d entertained previously. It wasn’t like it rendered all definitions of sexuality completely moot; it’s like it just existed beside them.
He’s still for a moment, trying to process this information. How could he have possibly saved Hannah? He remembers watching her die.
“About four hundred years’ worth, give or take a century. It takes a while for us to get around to providing translations.”
You certainly didn’t go tooling around in your uniform in your off hours. As a teenager, Dean would have died an unholy death before he let any girl in town catch a glimpse of him in his Burger King shirt.
“We were kidding ourselves, thinking Dean would retire from hunting just because Chuck no longer had the reins. And if we send him back now—”
No one said anything for a long time. Finally Crowley spoke up. “Listen to what this guy has to say. I mean, he’s bonkers. Nice to look at but otherwise thick as a Jersey cow. But when it comes to detecting this kind of chicanery? The Winchesters’ third-wheel wing-buddy is a fucking savant.”
He manages to maneuver his wheelchair around the corner. Then he sees someone standing in his doorway. The person turns around. It’s Balthazar.
“I’m not a huge fan of cats either,” Cas said. “Difficult to understand. Though on earth they do an excellent job of controlling rodent populations. And people like videos that feature them.” He pauses. “I never understood that.”
He feels ambivalent about going. He doesn’t know if he wants to be in the middle of a lake with his dad—not after their weird conversation earlier in the day (plus whatever details Dad picked up from eavesdropping on the conversation with Mom—how in God’s name is he expected to sit in a boat with his dad just hours after he overheard him crying to Mom about having kissed his not-quite “partner”? Will they talk about it at all, or will it just hang in the air, like an unacknowledged fart?)—but almost immediately, he gets another text message.
Above all, he knew it was something Dean probably didn’t want. Might regret. And that alone stopped him.
“Maybe you just needed some alone time. And to see your parents and Bobby first. Maybe you chose to take the time, without consciously registering your decision. To have space.”
a kid, Dean. Jack was our kid. And Cas’s. He was smart and funny. And considerate. And then one day he just wasn’t there anymore. And I know he’s not technically dead, but—” He pauses. “He died before. And I would tell myself every day, ‘I can’t lose this kid again. I just
They christen this place “the fratway house” (Gabriel's idea). Several angels decide to stay there fulltime, Cas among them. He has a small room on the third floor that’s just as simple and austere as the one he had in the bunker, and it is there that he learns to rest. Angels technically don’t need sleep, but Cas is still exhausted. Tired from the Empty? From all this change? He doesn’t know.
All at once he’s relieved to the point of real tears to see Cas there, looking fine, if just a bit different—instead of the suit and trenchcoat, he’s wearing jeans and button-down shirt. He’s sitting forward, his elbows balanced on his knees.
He remembers that day on the street—the last time he saw Jack—when Jack said he wasn’t coming back to the bunker.
“Damn, you really have been in the wind these last few weeks.” Gabriel deals everyone five cards. “I haven’t been since we all got back. Since
He senses a presence in the doorway. Before he can turn his head, Gabriel says, “Hey, Hannah. How’s it shakin’? Do you want me to deal you in?”
By the time he’s finished telling the story, Dean has both arms wrapped around him. Holding him, like he might break apart. The temperature is a bit cool—Cas suspects that Dean wanted it that way so he'd have an excuse to take off his jacket and drape it around Cas, which he did several minutes ago.
Sam’s quiet for a moment. Then he looks up. “I know we don’t say things like this to each other, Dean. But …” Sam’s voice drops. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
And about Cas, all of them know how large the Winchesters loomed in his life. How much he misses them. Aches for them. He doesn’t need to spell it out for them; when he talks about them, they know.
Several minutes from now, he'll help his brother out of the car and guide him back inside, back into the bunker. He'll take Dean to his room and put him to bed there, removing his shoes and covering him with a blanket, pretending that he's the strong one here, that he can help Dean through this trial that has no end, this time that's unbound by the length of ordinary human days.
Cas is thankful that Jack has set up this secluded part of heaven for him and Dean—not because he cares what anyone else thinks of them—an angel and a human together—but because he knows that the angels are just damn
It was a dumb joke, but it took off from there. If one of them botched an assignment? Time to learn how to code. Came up empty on a stake-out? Coding: still an option. Pissed off Dean? Well, at least coding still loves you.
. That was their inside joke for the past year. A stupid, self-deprecating one-liner they’d been lobbing at each other and themselves, starting when Jack asked Dean what he’d do if all the monsters were dead tomorrow and he had nothing left to chase. “I’d do what they tell ex-coal miners and journalists to do,” he said. “Learn how to code. No, scratch that. I’d send
Cas raised his eyes to look at Dean, and he looked so sad and unconvinced that Dean knew he didn’t believe a word he’d just said.
But no, Dean doesn’t believe that. Jack wouldn’t do him dirty like that—not the same infinitely patient and forgiving Jack who’s created a heaven more beautiful than anything Dean deserves. Who’s given him back his parents and Bobby. Jack is not one to do tests or trials—he’s honest to a fault. He’s the son Dean never deserved but got anyway.
He goes back to bed. This time Sam seems to back off, reassured that Dean isn’t hiding a case of bat flu or a pointy object.
Jack took a deep breath. “Last year, when I died, the Empty came after me. It was tearing apart heaven to get to me—” He shook his head slightly. “He traded himself for me. Told the Empty to take him instead. And the Empty agreed, but …”
“We’re fucking strangers to her, Cas. Me and Sammy. To our mom. And I can’t—I can’t fix that. For him
He passes the rest of the evening—the rest of the year—in Cas’s room before going into his own to fall asleep. He doesn’t turn on the TV, doesn’t watch the ball drop, doesn’t watch Ryan Seacrest.
But he knows that’s gross (and what if Sam found out? He’d be horrified), so he figures he’ll change them but stash this set in his bottom drawer. Same place he keeps the jacket with Cas’s blood.
hell. “Great,” Dean says, rolling up the flier to stick it in his back pocket. He’ll chuck it later.
“Really,” Cas says. Stalling, trying to buy himself time. They all look happy. He tries not to be too suspicious. They’re newly back from the Empty—of course they’re cheerful.
Sam knows these canned statements are all part of Dean’s bullshit act. He’s not over Cas. He hasn’t moved past his guilt about the way he treated Jack. But after a long winter of grieving—of sleeping for days on end and eating nothing but Campbell’s Chicken & Stars—he seems to be ready to put on a brave face. To pretend he’s over everything.
With that, Dean’s out of his chair. He grabs Sam by the shirt and shoves him into the wall. “He’s not dead. We don’t know that yet.” Gives him one more half-hearted shove before leaving the room.
And frankly, Sam’s not sure he’d be able to stomach other people around. He just wants to be alone with his grief at this point. Selfish. Dean was all he had. He has no family left, not a single person on earth. He is, in this world, completely and utterly alone. So it seems fitting that he see Dean off by himself.
“Who was meant to be a hunter. That was who he was, Sam. Dyed in the wool. And hunters don’t live long lives. You know this.” He reaches over and touches Sam’s shoulder. “But it’s not who you are.”
“I thought he looked more like Cat Stevens. But "Peace Train" era Cat Stevens, before he became Yusuf Islam. But yeah. Purgatory will do that to you.”
“It had nothing to do with that.” Sam drops the fork back onto his styrofoam dish, knowing now that he’s not going to enjoy this pie. “You know, I think it’s weird that you’re always wanting me to, I don’t know, run off and get married or something, considering that the extent of your previous relationship advice was ‘never bang a woman who knows where you find you in the morning.’”
“Cas loves you, Dean. In ways that I’m not sure even he …. Well, let’s just say news of your death was very distressing to him. He’s taking it hard.”
He never really believed in “the one” or a soulmate or anything like that. But if he did have a “one,” it was Cas. Cas was a person he genuinely got excited to see, a person he could spend hours with. One day, years ago, he’d been watching TV, and not really paying attention, but he heard a relationship expert describe the ideal partner as someone whose arms you could just “fall into” at the end of the day, regardless of how great or how shitty your day had been. And even then—even all the way back then—Dean hadn’t thought about some mythical, perfect woman. He thought about Cas.
Gadreel had no such coping mechanism. Malachi and Bartholomew seemed to suffer equally, while Anna and Metatron fared a bit worse.
“I’m not joking. In case you hadn’t noticed, we humans have short little lives. We don’t exactly measure our time on earth in millennia. It’s like dog years to people years. Times a million. So. I won’t make you promise to throw yourself on the casket, though. Even though it would be entertaining.”
“Got back from the Empty,” Dean finishes, reaching over to fluff Cas’s pillow. Then he drapes one arm over Cas. He’s got that mother-hen side, the side that needs to take care of people. “About that. You ever want to talk …”
Cas looked down at Gadreel. Then he turned to Metatron. “Time to change the narrative. When they bust in tonight …” He could hear them drawing closer. “When they come for us, one of us needs to wrestle a shiv away from them.”
He's an ancient celestial being. He was forged from the cosmos, designed to protect creation. But wrapped around him is a human man whose life on earth was as fleeting as a firefly dusk. In his mind, Malachi's words are remade for him:
He tries his best, but his heart isn’t in it. He doesn’t realize how much he dislikes the road until he’s driving these long stretches of open highway. How had he and Dean done this so effortlessly before? How had he never noticed how tedious the landscape, how annoyingly samey the interstates?
Cas. And you still haven’t recovered. The Empty—it took a lot out of you. And my telling you about Dean certainly didn’t help matters any.”
Cas shrugs. “Because heaven is for humans, and humans like them. They like going to them, even if they don’t have to actually eat. A bonding activity.”
(which Dean secretly hates). But it’s fine—he’s fine. He sits there with the dog next to him (he now lets Miracle on the sofa) and waits until it’s time for bed. He doesn’t go into Cas’s room anymore … but at some point he will. He’ll find the rest of Cas’s signs. He’ll play the Led Zeppelin tape, discovering some meaning in the song Cas last listened to. He’ll find the charger for the iPod. He’ll take Jack’s picture and tuck it in his wallet. And then he’ll go back to his own room, or go downstairs, or go to the kitchen, or go wherever else he wants to be.
Thanksgiving had been tense in the way any family gathering is tense … when you’ve just lost half your family. The girls had a lot of pent-up angst, similar to the angst he and Sam had harbored at that age. And a lot of sublimated trauma about recent events. Besides that, they had their own dramas and conflicts—their own lives that had nothing to do with Sam or Dean.
Cas never appears to Sam again. He doesn’t need to. But he still looks in on him from time to time, just to see what he’s doing, how his life comes together. It happens quickly now, from here on out. Time passes much more easily, on both sides of existence.
, Mom. And I’ve prayed and searched and been everywhere and, like, nothing. But I keep seeing all these weird
concerned. He shows up at Dean’s door every few hours, knocking and wanting to be let in. “You’re not sick, are you? You can tell me if you are, Dean. Please.”
“Cas,” he says, the tears starting in his eyes. He wraps his arms around Cas, and Cas hugs him back. Then he pulls away to look at him. “How did you get out of the Empty?”
“But how?” Sam said, glancing at his brother, careful not to look too long. “How do you summon something like the Empty? The Empty can’t just pop in like that. Did he say something? I mean, what—”
“I don’t know. I didn’t start the program. Don’t know who did. But yeah, it probably seemed like a kinder option. Rather than putting angels down. Or watching them go insane or wither away or … defect to the other side.”
He doesn’t have to wonder how his mother felt when she was dropped back on earth with two thirty-something grown-ass sons—two needy man-children who wanted her to be something that she wasn’t, that she hadn’t signed up for. He already knows.
“Turns out the Empty just wanted to go back to sleep. My being there—and being happy—was quite counterproductive for the Empty’s goals, so it was glad to slough me off on Jack again. Still, though.” He squeezes Dean’s hand. “I’m so sorry to put you through that. I should’ve gotten in touch sooner.”
“You’re always saying you want to read more. Now you have an excuse to buy a couple books. Oh, and.” He slides another envelope across the table.
“I know you feel like you have to hide how you feel from Sam. And I know your reasons. But you don’t have to hide it from me. You were cheated out of a mother, just as he was. The amount of time you had compared to the amount of time he did? It’s immaterial. You were both robbed.”
They’re sitting outside at a beer garden. Dean is with them. Which, in all honesty, isn’t good: the only thing Dean hates more than being a third wheel is a
He hates the fact that things have gotten heavy. They’ve just endured a miserable winter of grieving and fighting and ignoring each other and long silences and crying. The last thing he wanted to do was drag all that angst to a pie festival. This is supposed to be a fun time for Dean, not a sobfest for friggin' Eeyore. And, if it's not going to be a fun time for Dean, he wants to help him address his own grief, not wrestle with Sam's.
Instead, John just points to his car and says something complimentary about it, something bland and noncommittal. Then he turns to square off with Dean. “It would be nice if you could stay longer. Get caught up on things.”
Dean scrunched up the peeled-off label in his palm. Trying to distract himself from the tears gathering at the corners of his eyes.
He reaches for a robe. Then he stretches out his arm to grab the handle of a wheelchair. He pulls it toward him. His wings are tattered and he’s still weak—not quite strong enough to walk more than the length of a room.
Dean tries not to sigh. Sam is so freaking premenstrual lately. “No. I’m just saying. More people locked up in their homes means fewer opportunities for monsters to pick them off.”
Dean wants another beer. Anything to keep from thinking about the fact that he’s two seconds away from breaking down.
He’s been around for millennia, for eons. He can’t explain to other angels that of all that time, only the last ten years meant anything. Only in the last ten years was he truly alive.
But they can’t go back. No one can go back. Letting people jump between worlds—that was the problem. That was done solely for Chuck’s amusement, regardless of the price to humanity.
Dean takes several deep breaths and attempts to begin again, outlining the circumstances surrounding her death, the fight he had with Cas, and Cas’s departure from the bunker. “We—we made up. Sort of. We were in purgatory together, and …”
Now he wishes he had that moment back. He wishes he could have said, “I love you, Cas.” But he didn’t say those words to anyone, not even Sammy.
He remembers the Fourth of July when they introduced Jack to fireworks, driving all the way to Salina and parking their car a mile from the display. They didn’t want to be stuck in a crowd. Even so, Jack still kept his ears covered the whole time.
that way. It doesn’t exist anymore. But when it did, it broke the spirits of angels and demons so they would give up and submit to its power, sleeping forever while they did so. And it did that by using a lot of … coercion tactics.”
. Well.” Dean rolls over onto his back. “Your six wings sound kinda sexy. And your eyes? Hmm. All the more to watch me when I sleep, I guess.”
“But these clones have no control over their lives,” Adina continues. “It’s accepted that they don’t have souls, even though they clearly experience all the same emotions as humans. They passively accept their fate, which is to give up everything for other people. What they want for themselves—well, it’s like they’re not even able to ask. And they’re also raised in an institutional setting and don’t have parents—just each other. Have you ever seen it, Dean Winchester?”
Sam sinks onto Dean’s bed, the notebook open in his hands. He knows he shouldn’t do this—it’s a violation of Dean’s privacy. But it’s just—it’s
Dean wonders if both Jack and Cas are part of the fabric of heaven somehow—in the air and wind and sunshine and raindrops and all that shit. If so, then this isn’t his version of heaven—it’s hell, or some kind of twisted version of purgatory where he’s got to work out his “spiritual baggage” before moving on to the real deal. That might explain why Jimmy Novak’s in his heaven, and pissy as fuck to boot—Novak’s also got some baggage. Clearly. Maybe this “trial heaven” is a test to see if Dean can get along with everyone he pissed off when he was still alive. Once he does that, he gets a promotion.
, Cas. Technically I should be in hell. A few times over. Or dead months ago, via Billie.” He lets go of Cas’s chin. “You gave me more time with Sam, which was more than I ever thought possible. And now you’ve …” He gestures to the space around them. “You’ve gone and done this. When is it gonna be enough, Cas?”
Castiel understood the sentiment. It certainly gelled with the purpose of this new heaven: You took the forgiveness that others gave you and passed it on. Again and again.
Novak makes a small noise of exasperation and turns away. “Exactly. And just think—this used to be a good neighborhood.”
this was a song Cas liked—it had Cas’s favorite ingredients: bluebirds and lullabies and dreams and wishing upon stars: all the cloying sentimentality you could possibly shove into two verses. Except this version? This version by Israel Unpronounceable Last Name? Was devastating. Like a list of last wishes, or a pretty lie you’d tell a child who’s been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Metatron busies himself in the house’s small library, getting irritated when others play loud music. But too fucking bad—they all love music. And pool. They have a pool table, which Benjamin commandeers to the point that they have to distract him to take his cue just so someone else can play.
“No zombies or demons or hexes. Just a bat virus that randomly made the leap into humans. We were overdue, really. Happens on this scale at least every hundred years.”
“Just shut up,” Sam says. “I realized a long time ago that it doesn’t matter. You were cruel to Jack, and I don’t care why. The shit you said to him sometimes, Dean. It was … beyond abusive. It was
All winter, Dean would get drunk and fall asleep in odd places. Sam would find him on the floor in Cas’s room. In Jack’s room. And most often of all, in the crypt where Cas had conjured the Empty. The dog would be with him, curled against his side.
He shakes his head. As if anything Jack had done could rival Cas’s worst deeds. He remembers his months in purgatory, knowing he deserved to be there while Dean did not. Each night he thought of the angels he’d betrayed. The ways he’d failed Dean. What he’d done to Sam, taking down the wall in his mind because it was a card he could play—a way to blackmail Dean. Because back then he couldn’t—and maybe didn’t want to—understand what that did to a human. The kind of suffering he’d caused.
“I don’t know,” he sighed. “He could be dead.” The thought had long ago occurred to him—that Jack and Sam and Dean were all dead, that Chuck had spirited away their entire world. “Or depowered. Or … it could be that the Empty is more overwhelming now. It has more of us than it ever did before.”
“Castiel, it’ll be okay. And then you’ll come back and tell us about it. Or—whatever you feel like telling.” He opens the door for him. “But not too soon. Seriously. Don’t hurry back on our account.”
John nods, his hands still in his pockets. “I know. He’s, um, what do you kids call it these days?” He takes one hand out of his pocket and scratches the back of his head. Shrugs. “Your, um, partner?”
Once they’re seated together (on the same side of the booth, of course), Dean asks. “Wasn’t he one of the—”
Dean sits back on the bench, the box of pie still in his lap. “If it’s a matter of DNA, Sam, there are other ways. You of all people know that DNA doesn’t make a family.”
The first time Dean thinks he sees Cas, he knocks him over. He can’t help it. Here’s his best friend, big as life, in heaven where he should be. Where he
Cas’s food arrives and Dean tells him to dig in. He takes a few fries from Cas’s plate, but otherwise he’s not hungry. Cas, on the other hand, is famished.
There was silence. Then Crowley said, “Well, thanks for the monologue, Cas. Just what I needed to get my mind off my next rape by tire iron—more self-serving angelic wallowing.”
“Sammy’s gonna be fine. That I’m sure of, zero doubts on my end. Also, I’m not gonna burn Jack’s relationship with the reapers. Might make Christmas dinners a bit awkward.” He chuckles. “Beyond all that, though—I don’t know, Cas. I guess heaven agrees with Winchesters. I’ve never seen my parents so mellow and I—I don’t feel angry anymore.”
Cas takes one arm and wraps it around Dean’s shoulder. Dean shifts so that Cas's chin is now resting on the top of his head. “Oh, Dean,” he sighs. “I never meant to hurt you like this. I never imagined. But I should have. The way you feel things, the way you take on all the pain of the world. Your suffering was so great. Jack and I—we knew we had to step in.”
Dean looks at him, perplexed. “I haven’t been hungry since I got here. I thought that was one of the perks of being dead—never being hungry.”
“It’s huge, Dean. Archives and manuscripts. The entire history of heaven and earth. It used to be classified, but now it's accessible to anyone. This Castiel is an angel. There must be records about him.” John pauses. “I could go with you.”
into every foreign language I can think of and then some—I’m an idiot about this shit, but you’d—you’d be fucking proud.” He tries to smile but begins to sob. “And I can’t find a single goddamn thing that mentions the Empty, that would give us any fucking spell, let alone a spell we could cast with his blood. I can’t find any fucking
Maybe that’s what the Empty is like—the worst outcome you could possibly imagine, but one that never arrives. You’re just falling and falling, waiting to hit the ocean. But the end is always deferred. You live in fear, dread, and anticipation … and the anticipation of suffering is worse than suffering itself. It has no end.
He recalled that his strong bond with Jack—forged when Jack was still in utero—was key to his escape. But Cas was now sharing a bond with several other entities. “Maybe he can’t connect to me because I’m linked to the rest of you. I don’t know.”
“I’ve also never had sex on this side of existence, Cas. Or with a celestial being. So there you go, a whole slew of firsts for both of us. We’ll just take it as it goes. We will figure it out. Like we always do. And then we’ll have champagne afterwards.”
“Don’t be so sure about that,” Dean says as he turns and leaves the room. He hates to admit this, but it feels good to say that, in a way. It feels good to say something grotty about Jack.
“I agree.” A hunger pang. He’s felt hungry only a few times in his long life. “Maybe it’s because you mentioned apples earlier. Are you hungry?”
Dean’s handwriting. A lot of it. He has to read only the first few lines to know: this is Dean’s journal. Going by the dates, it’s a journal he started last fall.
Then Sam says, “I talked to our contact in Geneva, the Men of Letters member who has deep access to the World Health Organization.”
“I’m fine, Sam. I just need space. And I’m not going to a doctor’s office in the middle of a goddamn pandemic. They probably wouldn’t take me right now anyway. For being … whatever it is I’m being.”
“But you do need to say goodbye to Sam,” he says. “And then, before you head home, I need you to do one more thing.” He makes his last request.
“Most of our sessions were conducted remotely. I’d be willing to do the same thing for you. Whatever you need. I wouldn’t charge, of course. I want to make that clear. I’m not an ambulance chaser. I cared about Dean. He was a wonderful man. I’d be honored to help you through this in any way I can.”
Dean just smiles and leans over to kiss him. He wraps his arms around Dean and Dean rolls him onto his back. They share a kiss that lasts for minutes.
Well this is new. He and Sam never do birthday gifts. With some suspicion, Dean opens it. It’s a $25 gift card for Barnes and Noble. Obviously a re-gift. “Well thank you, Sam. Just what I needed.”
Cas withdrew his hand from Dean’s arm. He gathered the photographs in his hand and set the small stack aside ever so gently. “I’ll be the first to admit: I don’t know a thing about this—this family shit. But if I’ve learned anything over the past few years—from you and Sam—it’s that family shit is …
That wasn’t how Cas was supposed to operate. It wasn’t how he was designed—so no wonder, no wonder things went shitside. What Dean did to him was unspeakable and wrong. It was like raising an animal in captivity and then letting it loose in the wild for other beasts to tear apart.
“Jesus, Sam.” Does his brother know how to do anything other than resort to melodrama? How did they make it through fifteen years of one apocalypse after another? They’re both so fragile now. It’s hard to imagine.
“We understand what mothers are rationally. And we know why they’re important. They give life. They nurture. But emotionally?” He flipped to the picture of Mary holding Sam. “None of us has a mother, so there’s no analogue in the angel world, no easy way to explain it to other angels that … well. The loss of a mother? There must be nothing like it.”
“You were right,” he says. “I didn’t treat him right. When I was alive. When he was alive. When we were both … alive.”
He switches hands so he’s holding the phone to his right ear. “I’m afraid that’s not possible, Dr. Vallens. Dean, he um. He passed.”
It’s damn frustrating to not be able to avoid certain things, like climbing steps and having awkward stop-and-chats with certain angels.
They talk a little bit about the peace between the angels. About Jack’s policy of reconciliation, which seems to be working so far.
He walks Cas into the other room. “You look exhausted,” he says. “You want me to wing you upstairs?”
he lost you. Haunted by your sacrifice. Cas—you always underestimated your effect on him. He loved you, too.”
, Mom. My best friend. And not on the cheek. I kissed him like—” He stops, wondering how much detail he has to use here. Does he have to mention there was tongue involved? A little bit of force? (He thinks about Cas’s turn as the pizza man. It wasn’t
Malachi turned away. Then he turned back and shoved Bartholomew against the wall. “What did you turn me into? I don’t know who the hell I am. Who I was supposed to be!”
When Dean had gotten rid of the bottles, Cas handed him back the photographs. “You should rest,” he said.
So Cas keeps the details to himself. And he instructs his angel friends to do the same, whenever they’re in Dean’s presence. (They still can’t help but look in on a Winchester from time to time.) But in his own mind, he begins to make a list, and from this list, a narrative takes shape.
. This is what I’m talking about when I say you have no sense of narrative. Or irony, situational or dramatic. You get more O. Henry endings than any being in existence, and it is
He waits a moment. “It’s okay, Mom. I know it must have been—I mean, you hadn’t been on the planet since Sally Ride was orbiting the earth. You didn’t want to come back. You were forced to. By Amara. It’s like … when we had Jack.”
“It’s just a side-effect,” Adina says. “Gabriel went through it too. Don't you remember, he couldn't stop eating? Maybe you were still laid up at that point. But anyway, it means you’re getting your strength back.” She turns to Dean. “So Dean Winchester, have you thought about what you want to do here in heaven?”
“Maybe not,” he says. He explains that he’s not sure that the thing they call “sleep” is actually real sleep or just some form of relaxation. But whatever it is, it’s deeply restorative.
Whether Sam knew it had to do with love? Well. Sam wasn’t stupid; he’d probably filled in the blanks. And for that reason, Dean was grateful in that moment to Sam—grateful he stepped up and said what Dean couldn’t.
In his car, he turns the ignition and flips on the radio, trying not to think about how long it’s been since that Lady Gaga song was popular and everywhere and in-fucking-escapable. 2008? ’09?
In December, Eileen says she wants to go to the zoo in Kansas City. She’s always wanted to go. For the holidays, they put up all kinds of lights. And though it’s a drive, they set aside a Saturday to go. Dean doesn’t seem annoyed to be a third wheel anymore. He doesn’t even mind sitting in the back.
The infirmary hallways are bright and clean. Institutional. He’ll have to talk to Jack about that. Then again, this is an angel rehab facility, and angels like structure. Familiarity. Hierarchy. Maybe it’s best not to change things up so soon—especially since so many of his brothers and sisters just got out of the Empty, where there was only chaos. Terrible chaos.
Metatron sighs again, his entire body a pantomime version of extreme exasperation. “Are you shitting me?
“These are the top five stressors a person can go through. In their whole lives. We hit all of them this year. Except the divorce thing.”
They make a bit of small talk about heaven and where Dean’s been since he got there. They ask about his family and whether he’s seen them yet (Daniel and Adina are particularly piqued by what goes on in human families), and then Adina says that they watched the movie that Metatron recommended.
“Who told you I was in love with him?” The bunker was warded; no angel could have heard his confession. Is Ambriel on some kind of fishing expedition?
Mary and John share a large cabin-style home at the edge of a lake. When Dean visits, he’s struck by how it’s very much just like his parents to live in such a place—and also very not like them at all. It’s rustic and crunchy, like something a couple of Vermont hippies would spend their entire life-savings to buy, putting in solar panels and a well-tended greenhouse. And his parents are not Vermont hippies.
“Intimate” is how he puts it to Dean. They’re kissing each other, and Cas is against the wall, and they’re kissing some more, and Dean unbuttons Cas’s shirt and slides it off, and then takes off his own shirt, and presses them together at the waist, and Cas pulls his lips away for a moment to say, “Are we—are we going to be intimate? I mean, sexually.”
She sighs. “That’s not true. And besides, you haven’t even been here that long, Dean. Give him some time.”
. The world in which Cas was a father, a member of a family that was fascinating and thorny. More intense than anything he’d ever experienced, in all his millennia of being an angel.
Dean pushes back the covers and takes Cas by the hand. “Nah. If you’re hungry, you’re hungry. We’ll fix that.”
Dean looks down himself, his legs tangled in the sheets. He’s still breathing heavily. “I’m fine,” he manages to say.
Cas is crying again, but this time his tears have a degree of catharsis, not pure anguish. He reaches over to clutch Jack’s other hand, which is on his shoulder.
But since they’re in Colorado Springs, they decide to stay the night before driving back. Since Miracle is with them, they find a dog-friendly hotel. Then they go out to eat at a chain restaurant, nothing fancy, when Sam says, “I got you something for your birthday.” He slides an envelope across the table.
But luckily Dean takes it with the kind of stride that eluded him in life. He doubles over, shaking with laughter. “You keep better track of my hookups than I do. Oh, Cas.”
on earth—so, on some level, he’s not buying that Dean has emerged from his cocoon of grief stronger and more resilient than before. That he’s made peace with his losses. That he’s come around to accepting the fact that he’s lost Cas to an ancient cosmic entity that wanted nothing more than to torture him to oblivion.
? The idea is absurd! No, instead they’d give you some line about “maintaining a healthy distance” from humanity to “preserve the sacred duties they’ve been assigned.”
“I’m afraid it is possible. Or, if it isn’t—I haven’t yet discovered how. How to recover him. There might be a way, but it is complicated.”
That night, he doesn’t allow himself to take sanctuary in Cas’s bedroom. He realizes that being in that room isn’t torture—it’s a privilege. One he doesn’t deserve.
“I’m not sure. I can tell you how much time passed here, but it’s relative, of course. He doesn’t talk about it. I don’t think he finds it very interesting or worth going into.”
“So, Jack really isn’t coming back?” Kaia asked, and her voice was low and hesitant. Sam gave his spiel about how Jack is always with them, and Kaia just looked down at her plate. Next to her, Claire rolled her eyes.
“What are you doing here? I swear to God, Sam, if you let that girl walk outta here again without going with her, I’m gonna knock you into next Tuesday.”
He wonders if Federico’s arms are something he’d be able to fall into at the end of the day. And if so, how nice that would be.
, Cas thinks, clinging to Jack, remembering a time he was the stronger of the two. He recalls their last days on earth together, when Jack wept and confessed that he was scared. Now that their roles have been reversed, Cas just feels grateful. Jack has become so resolute, giving Cas the assurance he searched for during all those years when he couldn’t find God—the certainty that someone was out there, someone infinitely powerful and compassionate and working for humanity’s benefit.
“Last time you were here, this place was the Stanford Prison Experiment,” Metatron explained. “Now it’s the fucking New Mexico State Penitentiary riot. And we’re Cellblock Four. And you, Castiel, are the king of the snitches. Ergo, we are fucked.”
Cas stares at Gabriel. Something’s different about him. He couldn’t put his finger on it at first, but now—
It’s impossible to be bored in this place—it’s always changing. Also, he isn’t alone. He shares heaven with other people, but only when he wants to. When he wants to be alone, he can do that too. He can drive for hours or days on back country roads. Or he can go visit his parents, which he’s done already, right when he arrived. He can be in a city also, and it’s there that his own heaven overlaps with other people’s—friends, family members, and people he’s never met before. Where he can apparently run into Jimmy Novak, but not anyone particularly interesting, like John Lennon or Marilyn Monroe.
“There are other ways to fight evil.” Cas’s gaze doesn’t waver. “You’ll always be a part of this family. But you’ll be other things as well. That’s what you need to do, Sam. To let go. To give yourself permission to live a life separate from the one you led with your brother. To do all the things he wanted for you. And that you wanted for you.” Cas pulls him closer. “At the moment of my death, I was happy. I was happy because I got to tell your brother the things I knew to be true about him—things he couldn’t accept. That he was good and loving. Unwavering. A uniquely compassionate human being. After I died, your brother eventually came to believe me. It took him time, but he did. And when he finally accepted what I told him about himself, he could let go. He could let himself be.”
Sam leaves them. Together. But not until getting the third degree from Dean. “What kind of deal did you make?” Dean exclaims, his arms still wrapped around Cas.
He hates Excel, but he’s been using it since college. First he used it to keep track of his assignment deadlines. Then he used it to keep track of law school application deadlines. Then, later, he used it to keep track of everything else. The location of every confirmed active vampire nest in the country. The location of every
When he goes back inside, Dean is at the table in the alcove, hunched over his laptop. He looks up, annoyed. “The fuck, dude.”
“Don’t mention it.” Dean lingered there for a moment, wondering if he should say anything else. His apology prayer to Cas had covered some ground, but not nearly enough.
“They don’t feel guilt,” Anna said. “They’re not capable. I can’t vouch for your demon pal, but those two are stone cold killers.”
He hopes Dean is okay. And Sam. Moving onward and upward. Putting him and the last twelve years in the rearview. The last time he talked to Jack about them, Jack assured him that they were both fine. Still living in the bunker, but clearly moving on. Rebuilding their lives. That’s good—that’s all he wants.
Sam wants to believe her. He rubs his jawline. “Castiel and my brother were … extraordinarily tight. Dean never had many friends. We moved around a lot growing up. And he was, you know,
At some point, Claire asked how Cas died. Dean couldn’t say anything, he just grabbed his wine glass. So Sam spoke for him, launching into protective-brother mode. “Uh, Billie. Billie caused Cas’s death.”
“He needs you, Cas. When I had to tell Jack—” His voice catches. He remembers that morning on the street, when he had to face Sam and Jack and tell them he'd failed to keep Cas alive. “I couldn’t—I couldn’t even look him in the face …”
“It’s the birthday of the United States,” Cas corrected. “America is two continents. The United States is just one of the countries on the North American continent.”
He also knows that other angels think he rebelled for Sam and Dean because he preferred them to his own kind, or they made him feel special and wanted—the way he’d never felt in heaven or in a garrison. Or that he was just stupid, dimwitted—manipulated into serving the needs of humans rather than the needs of heaven.
“It’s not something we control.” He tells Dean that heaven is for humans, and humans use sex as a bonding activity. So of course it exists in heaven.
the sign warns. They ignore it, bringing along a bag of breadcrumbs and tossing them into the water for the ducks to eat.
It isn’t until Jack throws his arms around him that Cas realizes he’s sobbing. The words he’s just laid on Jack echo in his head.
One day, when they’re sitting on the bench and feeding the ducks, Cas asks Jack if he’s checked in on Sam and Dean. Jack says he has, and that they’re fine.
Cas pulls his lips together. Smiles. “No, Sam. That’s not what happened to Dean. And I could not have intervened in his journey, his choices. Even if I'd wanted to. Dean finally gave himself permission to let go of the world and start existing with it. Just as I had to give myself permission to be happy.”
There’s the official story, which he knows by heart: He figured out the torture was all an illusion, a shared dream, and was able to convince Crowley and the others not to trust what they were seeing and feeling. Crowley was then able to tap into his connection to Rowena so she could wake the demons.
“People in pre-literate societies had to remember so many things. Their stories knit them together. Entire peoples—vast and complex—would gather together regularly to recite their histories. Hundreds of thousands of words. You should have heard ancient Eblan. You wouldn’t believe the capacity those people had for detail.”
She greets him at the door, ushers him inside. Offers him a glass of water, which he accepts. He’s tired because he’s driven all night. He’s tired because he’s been thinking—he’s had nothing to do but think for the last week.
Back when he was alive, Dean imagined what he’d say to Cas when Cas returned. At first, he really thought Cas would return—that he’d wake up in the morning and dude would just be there, at the foot of his bed, and he’d say,
He walks toward the back of the store, checking out the frozen section, which emanates a slight chill. “Cas?”
“You know, Dean,” Cas says, taking his hand as he pats down Cas’s suit. He holds it in his, and looks into Dean’s eyes. “Chuck … he put himself in the story. Jack’s not doing that.”
Dean’s gaze meets his. He’s not crying, but only because he’s cried himself out. His eyes are red and wet, his face tear-streaked. And behind his eyes—the haunted and unmistakable combination of heartbreak, guilt, and some inexplicable emotion that Sam can’t name.
Plus, Sam’s been on the horn to Men of Letters Hong Kong, Men of Letters Singapore, and Men of Letters Thailand. They see no evidence of supernatural tampering.
Dean rubs his hand along Cas’s shoulders. Slides his thumb to the back of his neck. “What about you?”
“It is.” Cas doesn’t like to brag about his son’s creation, but most of the time he doesn’t have to. Jack’s creation speaks for itself. No need to hang finger paintings on the refrigerator door—Jack skipped that stage.
Dean moves forward to peer into Cas’s eyes. “We can slow down. No pressure, Cas. Whatever you feel like doing.”
No, he hadn’t meant to betray his brothers and sisters the way he did, to cause them suffering; it was just something that
“I appreciate that,” Sam says. “I think I’m okay. There was closure. All that. But—you’re all the way in Madison. How did Dean see you?”
“Maybe when I woke you from the Empty before, it started a chain reaction that—” He paused. “Well, maybe my waking you filled the void with
sorry. I’m sorry—” He starts to choke up again. “I’m the asshole who couldn’t say ‘I love you’ back.”
Malachi clasps him in a firm hug, pats his shoulders, his back. “Haven’t seen you in ages, man. You look great. So much better than you did in rehab.”
There’s only one person he wants to show up at his door, naked or not. How long did Cas love him? And why didn’t he say anything? Did he really think Dean could never love him back?
He asks about Eileen. Sam says that she’s been working online. She’s also getting a lot of requests to do interpreting for the Deaf community for all the health bulletins. She’s coming over to visit later.
Dean doesn’t wait for a response, just starts kissing him again. Cas’s legs feel numb due to some combination of nervousness and desire. And Dean, he knows, is feeling the same thing. He’s eager and gentle but also skittish.
“What happened with you, with Jimmy Novak, with Claire … it’s not the same thing. As me and Sammy losing our mom. It just isn’t.”
All day he’s been thinking about this, remembering something that Cas once said. They were sitting around in the reading room, books all over the place as usual, and Cas was paging through one about superstitions. “Huh, that’s interesting,” he said.
Seven heads swivel in his direction. He sees not just Metatron and Gadreel but also Tyrus, Abner, and … Gabriel? They’re seated around a table. Mirabel and Ambriel are a few feet away on a couple of cushioned chairs. Both Gadreel and Tyrus spring to their feet, but Tyrus gets to him first, pushing his wheelchair into the room and toward the table. Cas tries saying he doesn’t need the help, but his voice is drowned out by the inquiries about how he’s feeling.
“Doing nothing is … actually pretty interesting,” he says. “Doing nothing is doing something.” They’re standing in the main room with the pool table, which is uncharacteristically empty.
For all the ways life had been cruel to him, it had also been kind. He didn’t understand quite how kind until after Cas was dead, and then dead, and nothing could bring him back. How to accept everything was over? It hadn’t even begun. He left his door unlocked every night, even though locks rarely posed a challenge to Cas to begin with. He prayed. The nights grew longer, and then they grew shorter. But in the bunker, underground, time remained the same. And Cas never came back.
Cas has to go through Wing Town to see Jack, who often summons him to get feedback about additions and revisions to this new heaven. On his way there and back, he sometimes runs into angels he’d rather not see—Ishim, Naomi, Uriel, Dumah. Even though heaven is all about forgiveness—and Cas does indeed forgive everyone, just as he himself wants to be forgiven—he genuinely does not want to be in their company.
The worst thing was knowing that he maybe deserved it. And not just for his crimes against other angels—there were so many other ways he’d lapsed. Failed.
When he wakes, it’s light outside. He’s slept late. And he’s rested, which means he slept soundly. But he remembers everything, and he knows that nothing is all right. It might never be all right again—or at least not for a long time. He reaches for his clothes.
But there’s another thing, too. A bigger thing that goes beyond Cas's "true purpose," whatever that is.
Cas lies back down. And feels deeply, deeply ashamed. His son is so good. Pure kindness. Precious to him.
“Maybe. It’s also possible the widow missed her husband. Perhaps when the moment came, she was relieved.”
. Even when you were trying your best not to be. Even when you were making small-talk about things like breakfast or television shows. You both tried so hard for my sake to come across as happy and well-adjusted and normal. But it was clear that you weren’t. Neither of you were okay. You were a mess. And still I walked away from you.”
“And you provided the juice.” He clears his throat. “Jack filled me in on a few things. Says you don’t like to talk about it. Cool beans. But if you ever want to? Also cool. I’m here. All day, every day. Don't have anywhere else to be.” He can’t help but smile a little bit. “Guess my boyfriend is a big hero.”
“The program wasn’t intended for nefarious purposes,” Bartholomew said. “It was designed to help angels. You have to trust me on that one.”
Dean gasps into his mouth. Twitches away, out of reflex, but then surges forward again. And after a few moments of that, he reaches between them and steadies Cas’s hand. “We really should lie down.”
“When we got you back from the Empty, it was touch-and-go at first. I didn't know if you were going to live. But when it was clear that you were going to survive, I should have gone to them right away to tell them you were fine. But it was chaos here, with so many angels—” He stops himself. “Well, that’s just an excuse, and not even a good one. I could have found the time. But—in any case, it seemed to me like they were moving on. They had a dog. Sam and Eileen were getting serious. And Dean—Dean was applying for jobs. He even went to therapy.”
“Oh, here? In—” He looks around. “In Lebanon, Kansas. Because this place gets a shitton of tourists. Especially tourists from other countries. Bumfuck Kansas is the place they dream about seeing. Not Hollywood or the Grand Canyon or Mount fucking Rushmore.”
“It’s really not that peculiar,” Sam said, laughing. “It just seems like it because Dean’s a fucking luddite, with his tapes and love of all things analog. But what you do is put songs this device. I’ll show you how to do it. That way you can listen to Beyonce all day long without Dean giving you a hard time.”
“The Empty was the worst enemy Cas has ever faced … and you know his record. Angels aren’t physical beings—they’re energy. Pure energy. And the Empty works by psychically assaulting beings made of energy, converting them to nothing.” Jack pauses. “Or I should say, it
At the center of everything is a stately neoclassical-looking white building with steps and Doric columns. Its plaque reads
Dean listened to it until the little battery icon hit red, until he couldn’t get it to turn on anymore. Then he tucked it into Cas’s drawer, same place Cas kept his picture of Jack.
“Who knows,” Metatron said. “They’re not as unpopular, I guess. Being on this ward means you’re a special kind of Jeffrey Epstein pariah. Which you must have undoubtedly figured out when you opened your eyes to see little old me. I mean, are you high, Castiel? Did you really think you were going to stroll into the
Outside the library, he feels something vibrating in his pocket. He fishes out a cellphone. Where the hell did that come from? Heaven has cellphones? Since when? And how has he just gotten a text message?
“No deal, Dean,” Cas says, pulling back so he can look into Dean’s eyes. One of his hands is cupping Dean’s face. The other is squeezing his shoulder, hard. “I’m not here because of any deal. I’m here because of you.”
The house’s inhabitants begin to stir awake, and soon enough, Benjamin blinks himself downstairs, picks up the pool cue, and breaks.
They all slide into the booth together. Cas thinks it might make more sense if he sat on the aisle, but Dean’s clearly in his protective mode, so he takes the seat by the wall again.
,” Adina says. “It’s about these clones who are raised to be organ donors and nothing more. Their organs are harvested and they’re dead before they’re thirty.” She pauses. “It reminded me of what our lives are like. As angels.”
, he thinks. He wants to tell Jack that the Empty should be glad it’s dead and that Dean Winchester is too, because if not, he’d resurrect its stupid ass just to torture it for a few years till it begged to be put down again.
So on the surface, Eileen’s suggestion that they digitize the whole collection seems like a good one. It’s an idea they couldn’t consider previously—a consolidated database, though convenient, would have been a prime target for some ambitious infernal (or celestial) hacker. But now that things are calm and the world’s been set right? Well. Maybe she’s right. Maybe it
“That is your territory. People still need to be crossed over, and monsters will always be monsters. They’re bound only by the chaos, so we still need you.”
She stands but keeps one hand on his shoulder. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Gabriel elbow Abner. “Well, I’ll let you get back to your game. We’ll catch up later.” She smiles, says goodbye. Cas turns and watches as she goes back into the hallway.
Being with Dean—in every way possible—is what he wants, and what he’s wanted for a while, but he’s also a little overwhelmed. Worried he won’t know how to do what he’s just proposed. Or that he won’t be any good at it. “Dean, I want to be with you. I’m just—”
“Yeah okay,” Dean says. He doesn’t know what “zoonotic” means, but he doesn’t want to ask. Sam’s probably already explained it a few dozen times.
“Then we can all communicate. Gotcha.” Dean doesn’t know if he really wants to communicate all that much with ancient Sumerians. Or twelfth-century Vikings. (Actually … twelfth-century Vikings might be cool.)
In the closet, Dean discovered a fishing rod and some tackle. In the nightstand’s upper drawer, he found a photograph of Jack, not framed or preserved. Tucked away face down—probably put that way after the incident with Belphegor, Dean guessed—as though Cas couldn’t bear to be reminded of the son he loved so much. And in the bottom drawer, Dean found an old tape player. By looking through the little window, he could see what it was—
He looked out at the landscape around them, so much beauty, and knew there was no answer he could give her that she wanted to hear.
In the days after Dean’s death, Sam doesn’t have time to think about any of that stuff. He needs to work quickly, preparing Dean’s body for the hunter’s sendoff. No time to fiddle-fuck around. He’ll be damned if he lets Dean get stuck in this godawful dimension.
In the booth, he feels Dean’s arm around his shoulder, like Dean is trying to hold him together. But he sees something else: Malachi is talking to two patrons, pointing them in his direction. Two familiar figures. Daniel and Adina.
Back in the bunker—which has never felt emptier—Sam feeds Miracle and takes him out for a walk. When he returns, he makes his way down to Dean’s room again, opening the door and wandering inside. Miracle comes too. He looks around at the books still on the shelves. Dean the autodidact, the closeted intellectual. Sam was “the smart one,” but Dean probably had enough research under his belt to earn a Ph.D. in cryptology.
Jack’s a proponent of therapy, and Cas knows that’s what this really is. This—all this father-son bonding shit in the middle of American nowhere—exists to give Cas a space to process things so he can move on. Because that’s what helped Jack move on, back when he lived on earth.
. Yeah, of course he’s with them all the time—that’s what he said. But it sure as shit doesn’t feel like it.
“Probably not. But then again, they should have known better when they built their bunker in the middle of nowhere, Kansas. Out here, ‘gun control’ means figuring out how to get better aim.”
“I don’t know. I could wake up, or I could be still here. Or I could be gone forever.” Jack had escaped the Empty after he exploded, but that was with Billie's help. Cas also suspected that Jack strong enough to do so because he was half archangel. Cas doubted that things would go the same way for him.
“Somewhat. But talk therapy tends to be more effective. Which I haven’t gotten around to doing yet.”
Not the Judy Garland version. The version by that Hawaiian dude. Israel something-something (it was a last name Dean wasn’t gonna try to pronounce). Ukulele guy. That fuckin’ guy.
“Stop. Just stop. Between you and Cas, I just—” He studies Dean’s face. “Cas is fine. I know that’s what you’ve been wanting to ask me since you first saw me but couldn’t bring yourself to, because you were scared of the answer.”
He and Cas are sitting in his room on the bed, next to one another. Cas—infinitely patient, loving Cas—is holding both his hands in his, in his lap, their thighs pressed together. Dean’s just slumped against him. Their foreheads are touching.
Could he really do that? Could he really put a dick in his mouth? Probably. He’s done a lot of strange and daring things in his life—he’s gone to hell, killed Satan, transported a vampire out of Purgatory, sent himself to the veil, taken the goddamn Mark of Cain, turned himself into a soul bomb, let Michael use him as a vessel … really, what’s a dick in his mouth, next to all that?
friend. But there was something about the way he’d thrown his arms around Dean right before Chuck had sent him to take out Amara, something achy and desperate. When Cas had said, “I could go with you,” Dean heard tears in his voice. He couldn’t look at Cas too long, not at that point, or he might start crying himself. Better to get back to the business at hand, and to give Cas a job to do:
Like so many angels, Ambriel is exhausting. How many times does he have to explain that he didn’t rebel for the sake of rebelling? That he didn’t “tear up the script” for shits and giggles?
Jack clears his throat, his voice brimming with tears. “It was an awful thing to tell them—the saddest thing I’ve ever—”
Heaven is better … but the Empty is more honest. The Empty is real. They’re all headed for the Empty in one way or another—some people just get to have better dreams.
Then again, probably not. He remembers the time—almost twenty years ago—when his father pulled Sammy out of school and Dean out of … whatever … and made them go to Ground Zero after 9/11 because he was just so damn sure that nineteen guys with boxcutters couldn’t have done such a thing—it had to be demons. But John was wrong. Sometimes shit just happens, and it’s nothing to do with demons.
Again, Cas’s gaze slides to the door. “My last moments on earth with Dean were so fraught.” That’s the only way he can describe them. He doesn’t want to go into details.
Claire just leveled another stare at Dean. She wasn’t buying it—any of it. She knew there was more to the story. And like Dean, she didn’t believe in happy endings.
When Sam prepared Dean for the pyre, he dressed him in his favorite clothes. Then he went into Dean’s room and found what he needed: the jacket with Cas’s bloody handprint, balled up in his bottom drawer. Back at the table, he stood over Dean’s corpse and gently pulled back the sheet. His brother was heavy now, stiff. Rigor had set in. But he managed to drape the jacket around Dean’s shoulders.
After it was all over, and they were all safe again, other angels were curious about his strange alliance to the former king and current queen of hell. “That was some seriously fucked-up Machiavellian shit you pulled,” Balthazar said once when they were still in rehab. “Aren’t you the social actor. You have got game, my friend. I shouldn’t have underestimated you.”
But no Led Zep. None of Dean’s top traxx had rubbed off on Cas. He probably hadn’t even listened to the mix tape all the way through.
“Eh. Jack must be running a whole new set of reapers. We haven’t gotten too many haunting calls lately. Plus, we’ll probably have a vaccine soon. Haven’t you seen
“It’s like I didn’t know what we were missing until I saw this. And with so many of us back from the Empty, heaven’s stronger than it’s been in centuries. We can incorporate so many souls.” She turned to look at Cas. “And that’s thanks to you.”
. As it turns out, he and Sam are useless. Fucking useless! They save people from demons, not airborne pathogens.
“No, Dean.” Sam sits next to him on the bed and puts his arms around Dean without hesitating. “It isn’t your fault.”
Dean’s gaze doesn’t waver. “She didn’t just stab you, Cas. She killed you. You were gone. I mean, dead and gone. And she didn’t bring you back, Gadreel did.” He pauses. “Sorry I didn’t tell you that at the time. It just wasn’t a good time. And then, afterwards—"
But Sam’s right—the goddamn thing keeps spreading and spreading, and bigger cities are making noises about shutting down. Someone in Kansas gets it. Someone in Kansas
. It should be enough to bring him back from wherever the fuck he is. But in all those fucking books. On the entire internet. In whatever language—Sammy, I’ve—I’ve translated the word
Some of his housemates seem to sense that he’s overwhelmed. They try to bring some levity to the proceedings. “In the human world, everyone brings casseroles at moments like this,” Anna says.
He continues. “I imagined happiness as this watershed moment, some perfect moment between me and you that I’d never be brave enough to initiate.” He touches Dean’s face. “But that’s not what the Empty promised. I misunderstood. It said it wouldn’t take me until I gave myself permission to be happy. That day, in the bunker, with you and Billie? I understood. I finally understood.”
Sam sighs. “It’s really not your business, but yeah. I was having panic attacks. So I went to see the doctor. She prescribed me those.”
I had to give myself permission to be happy. To love what I had already, which was your brother. I didn’t need anything from him other than to tell him how I felt about him. I needed to tell him how I saw him. Who he really was. He’d already given me everything.”
Dean can’t look at his mother because he knows that she, also, is sad. He can feel this. He’s looking down at his hands, his vision blurring with tears, and Mary takes both of his hands in hers.
He and Federico strike up a conversation. It’s probably the most boring conversation in the history of the multiverse.
“She probably wouldn’t mind losing me for a few hours. But no, I get it. This is something you have to do on your own.”
“How can I help you, Sam?” she asks from the chair on the other side of the coffee table. The room is as beautiful and well-lit as he remembers it. He can still remember Dean sitting next to him, and Jack sitting in the opposite chair. Poor sad, scared Jack. Jack, who’s now the steward of this wild, imperfect world and everything in it.
But Sam, the nervous nelly that he is, keeps following the news. He’s always streaming it when he’s in the kitchen. Dean catches snippets of it.
Even though Cas was fluent in all the programming languages of the universe, he remained skeptical that computer technology was a net-gain for humankind. At first Sam figured that Cas was a luddite who pined for the days of mail pigeons and pony express, who felt that technology marred The Word. Later, though, he understood that Cas loved humanity and therefore he loved evidence of its efforts, all those lovely imperfect fingerprints that computer technology erased. If Cas had an ideal manuscript, it was probably something carved into stone tablets. Second ideal: an illuminated medieval bible written on parchment made from goatskin.
? And does “coming out” as a concept even exist in heaven? He hasn’t given it much thought. On earth, during those last months he was alive, he would lie awake at night and wonder what possessed him to kiss Cas in the first place, what triggered him to feel that way. About a man. He'd find himself uncomfortably hard, just thinking about.
, Dean, and you know that too. You’re not stupid, so quit acting like it.” He runs a hand through his hair. “Jack wanted what he couldn’t have—what no one can have from you. Approval. Forgiveness. And I know because I once wanted the same things, and I would jump through hoops just to—” He looks down. “All you had to do was tell him you loved him, you forgave him for Mom—it would’ve meant the world to him. The
He carefully hit the eject button, and the tape came out. He could tell by looking at it that it had been played through the middle, at least. He wondered what song Cas had stopped on, and why.
, Cas thought at first. So crude and irreverent. He wondered how someone who’d seen so much could have so little faith in a higher power. Then he realized: Dean had faith in a higher power—he just had faith that the higher power
“I—I’m sorry,” Dean says, overcome with a sense of momentary self-consciousness. He suddenly worries that he was too forward. He still doesn’t know what Cas has been through. “I should have asked first.”
Then Cas could hear it: the thrumming of inmates against some unseen wall. How was it possible? There were no walls in the Empty. Not the way heaven had walls …
“I know,” Jack says abruptly, cutting the nurse off from whatever else he was going to say. Then, more softly: “You tend to the body. I’ll see to his mind.”
“As horrible as it sounds, it’s a good thing to know,” the kid says. “And you know, it’s actually not that hard? I guess it’s a lot easier to pick up languages when you’re dead. At least that’s what the old people tell me. I guess you can learn in an hour what would take like a year on earth. And Enochian is essential to being able to travel widely in heaven. They say it’s our … lingua franca?”
Dean looks like he wants to ask. But he doesn’t. Instead, he asks him if he knows what he wants to eat.
He takes Cas’s hand in his and presses it against his chest. “That’s just not true. This thing between you and me? You give. You give a lot. And to everyone else? You’ve given everything. Your entire existence has been spent in service to others.” He thinks of that ridiculous list in the book in the library, of battles and garrisons. Talk about selflessness. Dude’s never had a day off. “And now? If I can just be here for you? With you?” He shrugs. “I’m lucky.”
So, yeah. Maybe it would be better to get some wretched viral pneumonia and kick off. He wouldn’t have to think about Jack or Cas anymore, at least. If he gets to go to heaven—big fucking if—he’ll just relive his best memories. Again and again. In a way, maybe it’s not so different from the Empty, or from any other outcome. He won’t be reunited with the people he lost—not Cas or Mom or Dad or Jack or Bobby. Not in any real sense.
Dean looks up at the ceiling, which has a spinning fan, but he doesn’t take his hand away from his mother’s.
He knows that Metatron is here because Metatron was also brought back from the Empty. He remembers now. He was shocked to see him in the Empty when he arrived—hadn’t Metatron died a human? “Well, take that up with the Empty,” Metatron said. “It claims I’m its property, and it doesn’t seem interested in litigating the matter. It’s like the age of irony, Castiel. Just when you think you’ve put it behind you, it claps back.”
He tries to take comfort in routine. What else can you do? The days get shorter and darker, that part of the year when darkness meets you on both sides of the afternoon. Dean’s still a mess who drinks too much and can barely finish half a hamburger, but together they smoke out a batsquatch and investigate some Mothman sightings. (“The Mothman seems pretty harmless,” Dean admits. “If he’s not doing anything, we might as well do him a solid. He'll owe us down the road.”) They even solve a genuine-ass human murder mystery, wherein someone mistook a stalker for shadow person.
He’s not bored with heaven, and he’s not dissatisfied. He might even describe himself as “at peace.” But he’s not happy—not
Dean looks up. Now he’s interested. “New outbreak? Croatoan?” He pulls up another screen and starts googling.
Now he pushes himself to a sitting position, trying to shake off those memories, the heavy feelings of dread and the nightly weight of anticipation, of knowing that these entities—angels he considered family—were going to beat the walls down once again to shred his wings, take out his eyes, burn him alive, and pulverize the rest of his being.
He’s disappointed because—well, though she clearly cares about humanity, she doesn’t embrace it the way some of the other angels do. She still keeps herself at a slight distance.
movie,” Dean says. “Ali McGraw. Ryan O’Neal. Total babe.” He glances at Cas out of the corner of his eye and smirks. Cas wonders which actor Dean is referring to.
“And go where? To the mall? To a restaurant? For all we know, the virus is already circulating here.”
It was strange—the first time he’d been in the Empty, it was quiet and dark and cavernous. So lonely. But when he arrived the last time—for his permanent death—the Empty wasn’t just mind-numbing; it was actively painful. Everyone was awake. He was assailed by the regrets and shattered hopes and fears of every angel and demon he’d put in that place.
Mary presses her palms together. Leans forward. And Dean just comes out with it, tells her everything. Cas’s confession, his dying speech, how he’d wept. How he’d conjured the Empty, which had destroyed him, tearing him apart as Dean watched, reducing his physical body to a sludge of nothingness.
Dean almost can’t contemplate this moment. It’s theater of the fucking absurd. Here he is, talking to the mighty John Winchester about his angel partner.
But the inside of the home is very much them—no fancy fixtures or snazzy splashback tiles. His dad keeps a pool table in the center of the living room, and his mother has her own area upstairs. Dean suspects that the house is large so they can share it properly—so they can retreat to their respective corners to be apart when the need arises. (And knowing them, it must arise fairly often.)
“Didn’t tell you this before, Cas. But Jack offered to put me back on earth. When I saw him. He said he’s committed to not doing this kind of thing, but that he’d make an exception for me, if I really wanted it.” He exhales. “He also said that if I went back, it had to be for myself. Not because I’m thinking about what Sammy wants or needs. Or about anyone else.” He loosens his grip on Cas a little bit. “I said no.”
“For what? Not clawing your way out of the Empty fast enough? It’s like apologizing for only winning nine Olympic gold medals instead of ten.” He chuckles again. “Seriously, Cas. Lay off yourself.”
Sam and Dean opted not to stay the night, getting in the car that evening and driving the five hours back to Kansas. They didn’t get home until two in the morning.
Dean picked up his bottle again. “Well, he is an angel. He sometimes doesn’t get our sense of humor. Shit sails right over his head.”
He closes his eyes and shakes his head to himself. What the fuck is his father talking about? (And how is his father telling him he’s
Dean sobs into Sam’s shoulder, the noise muffled by Sam’s shirt. He sobs and sobs and sobs, and Sam says nothing. Just holds him, crying with him.
Still sitting on Dean’s bed, Sam looks away from the pages. The dog’s head is in his lap, looking up at him plaintively. Because he’s crying. He wipes his eyes and nose with the back of his sleeve and gets up from the bed. Leaves Dean’s bedroom and goes down the hall. He’s got laundry to do.
Cas is quiet but firm. He knows how important words are at this moment. Words are all they have. “Dean.
Bartholomew looked at Crowley. “What if he’s the one who wakes up? Then we’re all fucked. He gets away and skips back home to his mom and leaves the rest of us to rot.”
Everyone looks at him blankly. Then Cas remembers something. “Oh, that’s right. She dies in the end.”
Hannah comes to him, and Cas is shocked to see that she’s crying. He just puts his arms around her. “I know how much he meant to you,” she whispers. “Because—” He knows what she wants to say.
And he knows how blowjobs work—he’s received a few—so he won’t be confused about the mechanics. But still. Still. There’s only person he could see himself sharing that kind of thing with. Only one person with whom he’d feel totally okay, like he could mess up, and try again, or not try again, and say
Dean wanders from shelf to shelf for about fifteen minutes. He takes a shot at the computers. He doesn’t turn up much about Cas. In one reference book, he sees his name in the index. He turns to the page and reads
Sam comes into the kitchen one day. Sees Dean on his laptop (luckily Dean is positioned in a way so that Sam can’t see the rows of dating profiles Dean’s scrolling through).
“I already know how,” Cas disclosed one night after accidentally knocking an empty whiskey glass onto the floor. It shattered. Cas usually wasn’t clumsy, but he’d been drinking.
He would never talk about the Empty. What it looked like. What it smelled like. What it had done to Cas.
“You diddled a human and fathered a nephil?” Metatron said. “Jesus, Cas, you really have gone native.”
. Cas wasn’t supposed to feel things that way, wasn’t supposed to feel happiness and regret and deep despair, but Dean had changed him, had taken him away from the other angels and befriended him and made him something he wasn’t.
He looked up at Cas, his vision blurry. When his voice came, it was barely louder than a whisper. Rawer than he expected. Not as raw as he felt.
always think they should get more time. They never do all the things in their lives that we want for them, or that they want for them. Hell, my vessel had barely been outside of Paramus, New Jersey. But at the end of the day, they get what they get, which is almost always a shit deal, and they make the best of it.”
And he’s also glad for the privacy because, well, after talking a bit and kissing a lot, and making their way to a small house that sits on the edge of a lush forest, Dean pulls away Cas’s clothes, and they’re intimate for the first time.
Sam has a lot of regrets, but his biggest one is not telling Cas what he needed to say the most. He wishes he had that moment back. He wishes he’d crossed the room right then, closing the space between them to lean over and put his arms around Cas.
“I don’t think Castiel should be watching anything right now,” Metatron says. “I think he needs to wing his thick-as-a-brick ass down to Winchester’s part of heaven and see what happens next. And then.” He clears his throat. “
“In heaven you pick the age you want to be. Most people pick when they were happiest, which I guess is usually around forty? But I didn’t want to be that old. And I knew I didn’t want to be a kid anymore, either. So I decided to be the age I would be if I went to college.” He pauses. “I guess in the end? I was just hoping to get to be that old.”
“I led you to believe I didn’t make contact with Sam and Dean after I left them that day. But I went back once. Very early on. So early that—well, I hadn’t even gotten you back from the Empty yet. I couldn’t even
“Look, everybody needs their own space,” Dean said. “Even you, Mr. ‘I don’t sleep.’ Why don’t you just go in and relax? Take a load off.”
But he hadn’t been acting. How to explain to Balthazar that he trusted Crowley far more than he trusted most angels? That Crowley was an evil little bastard, but not one without some classiness?
Cas smiles and releases his grip on Sam’s shoulder. “Heaven is different now. Jack saw to that. And I—I learned so much from you. We both did.”
? We had feelings for a reason, Bartholomew! You can't protect creation if you don't care about it. No wonder everything went to shit.”
Dean knows what Sam’s trying to communicate, but he’s not having it. “Who’s getting divorced?” he says.
“Nothing,” Sam says, shaking his head, his face wet. His voice is warbly. “I just found him upstairs. He walked through the front door.”
And now he sensed a presence in the doorway. He looked up. Cas. “Hey,” he said. Good thing he’d had so many beers; if not, he might actually be embarrassed to be so misty-eyed over old photographs.
“I’m not passing along our godforsaken Winchester DNA, Dean. And you’re the last person I should have to explain that to.”
He remembers that day. How Sammy was able to hug her goodbye but he couldn’t. He was devastated. To have his mother back, and then to have to watch her walk out the door. Willingly.
Initially it made sense: bedrooms were used for sleep, and Cas didn’t sleep. They were also used as a place to keep your belongings, and Cas didn’t have any. As for personal space? Angels didn’t really grasp the concept.
okay. He loved you too, Cas. Like I always said, you’re the best friend we ever had. Sam still doesn’t know what happened to you, and he misses you like hell. And for him to move on, it’s gonna take seeing you with his own eyes. Hearing your voice. Trust me, I know how the kid operates.” He takes Cas’s hand in his. “Can you do that for me?”
“That’s not much of an excuse, Sam. And it doesn’t explain how I treated him the rest of the time.” He traipses over to sit on a log that overlooks the pond. Sam follows him and sits down next to him. “But that’s nothing you should blame yourself for. I made choices, Sam. You’re not at fault for how I treated Jack. So please don’t blame yourself.
, Dean thought. He had so much to make up for, so many things he needed to do for Jack. To set right.
Just when Sam firmly believes that he’s never going to see or hear from Jack ever again, he has a dream. In it, Jack meets him on a park bench, looking every bit as youthful and human as he did when they saw him last, and Sam is so overjoyed to see him he almost knocks him over. “I missed you so much, buddy,” he says, resisting the urge to give him a noogie.
He and Sam don’t really talk about the fight they had. They don’t ignore each other or anything—they just don’t mention it. There’s too much to do. The whole world is indeed shutting down, so they need to stock up on supplies like bread and toilet paper and water and booze … Amazon doesn’t deliver to the bunker (it’s not on any map). So they get their shit in order. Dean discovers that the Eagles have postponed all their concert dates … oh well. It was probably a bust anyway.
It’s something that really bothers him now—that Cas hadn’t been happy. Or worse, that Dean had made him actively miserable. Yeah, he had that way about him. And worse, he knows his mother tried to talk to him about it.
Dean turned around to look at the clock, even though his laptop had a clock and he knew what time it was. He was just making a point. “It’s too early in the day for this pseudo-philosophical bullshit, Cas. I haven’t started drinking yet.”
he’s says. He’s not sure if he manages even that much. He tries to say he’s sorry, but he hits the floor before he has a chance.
Dean says nothing. Sammy would just push past the guy and go on his merry way, but Dean’s never been able to do that.
When everything is done, with Miracle at his side, he makes a series of phone calls to their friends. Some calls are more difficult than others. Some of their friends burst into tears, sobbing over the phone. He does his best to console them.
“It’s why he hasn’t—” He puts his hands in his pockets. “We get the heaven we deserve, right? And I don’t deserve Cas.”
“I’m telling you, I already know it,” Cas said as he gathered up the pieces. “Angels know all human languages, ancient and modern. That includes programming languages. Even those that don’t yet exist.”
“I’m fine, Dean.” Cas walked toward him, hands in his coat pockets. Then, to Dean’s surprise, sat down on the floor next to him, his back against the cabinets. He peered at the photographs. “Can I see?”
Afterwards, Sam walks Eileen to her car. “I know you’re worried,” she said. “And you have reason to be. But I really think he just needs time.”
This was Anna’s routine complaint in the Empty. As they sat in the dark, waiting for the torture to begin anew, as it did each night, the angels often fought about who among them had committed worse deeds, and who deserved what.
When he sits back down on the bench, he picks up where he left off, his hand on Sam’s shoulder again. “So tell me about it.”
“I wanted Dean to really live his life,” Cas says, the sadness seeping out of his voice. Again. “A human life, with all its imperfections.”
None of this is real. How could it be? Metatron in heaven? Gabriel not an archangel anymore? Gadreel and Abner sitting
Cas now appreciates how clever the Empty had been. It understood angels; it understood Cas. And therefore, it knew that “happiness” was a new variable, a kink in the equation. But it also overplayed its hand, sowing the seeds of its own destruction. Happiness put Cas in the Empty, but it also broke him out.
“It just wouldn’t be the same without—” He clears his throat and sits up. “I mean, Jody’ll want to see us. And I just want us to be on the same page about that. So we don’t seem rude. Or ruder than we usually are.”
At some point he moves to the couch to sit down, but guests keep coming. This outpouring of sympathy is overwhelming, and part of him wishes he could be alone, but another part of him is grateful.
“Your brother was a remarkable person. And he talked about you all the time. If you need anything—if you just need to talk …”
. He misses his brother so much that he’ll do anything to have a piece of him. To know everything he possibly can. He needs all of Dean, and he needs him right now.
“When I made my deal with the Empty, it told me it wouldn’t take me until I was happy. For a long time I misunderstood this—I believed that being in a state of true happiness would kill me. I also believed that happiness had to be achieved. I overlooked the operative word.
Even before his mother brought it to his attention months later, Dean had noticed. He’d noticed how sensitive Cas had become. Cas had always been a good friend, their
His tears are hastening, so he needs to talk quickly. “Mom. You know—you know that me and Sammy—we never—we never, like,
When he returns to the bench, he’s hoping Dean will change the subject. But he doesn’t. Instead, his body is angled toward Sam, even though he’s still got the enormous fucking box of pie in his lap. “Tell me what really happened with Eileen.”
After Ambriel leaves, he trudges the three flights up to his room. He’s still not strong enough to teleport there, just as he’s not strong enough to teleport his way around Wing Town. His wings are still broken, still sagging against his back.
“That Cas traded himself to the Empty, and the Empty said it wouldn’t take him until he was happy. That’s all.”
“I know you will. But Cas.” He puts his hand on Cas’s forearm. “What’s going on? What is this really about? What happened to you yesterday?”
“Charlie says hi, by the way. She said you’d be here at some point or another. Nerds of a feather, she said.”
Dean fixed his gaze on his empty bottle. “Is this where you tell me to get my ass in there? To go be with both of them? Because I’m overcomplicating things, or whatever? As humans tend to do?”
His friends. Yes, he has angel friends. Who would have thought it? He can’t imagine telling Dean about his weird angel wannabe-human friends. “Yes,” he breathes, and just like that, he’s back.
So each evening, when Sam is busy with something else, he goes into Cas’s bedroom and shuts the door, breathing the same air Cas did, looking at the same surroundings. Occasionally he lies on the bed, staring up at the ceiling, wondering if Cas ever looked at it in the same way. More often he sits in the chair next to the desk. It’s more likely Cas spent time at this desk, doing research in his off hours.
He pulls out of the parking lot and heads in the direction opposite of the one he originally intended.
He knows that happiness isn't in the having, it's in just being—he has the Empty to thank for that bit of perspective. But
Hannah often stops by, and this has become a source of amusement for certain angels—because she doesn’t stop by to just hang out. She clearly comes to see Castiel.
He doesn’t ask if Sam and Dean are happy. He doesn’t have to. Few people in the human world are happy, and he knows Sam and Dean have had a harder go of it than most. He wishes they’d do what he did—just give themselves permission to be. To enjoy what they have. Before it’s too late.
“I’m not joking, Sammy. You don’t blow the best thing that’s happened to you in the last ten years to hang out with your unwashed brother in a bunker that smells like old books and ramen. And I won’t let you, either.”
He and Jack are sitting together on a bench on a street of a small, quaint town that looks vaguely Midwestern, like someplace he’s either been or dreamed about.
Dean makes a noise that sounds half sob, half chuckle. Then he laughs some more. Cas is relieved. Relieved that the moment isn’t so fragile anymore.
Cas tightens his grip on Sam’s shoulder, just as Dean did that day at the festival. Then he reaches over to gently cradle the back of Sam’s head. “You’re a good hunter. Extraordinary, really. But you have many other gifts.”
The iPod hadn’t really been Cas’s. It had been Sam’s, wiped clean of old songs and given to Cas as a gift a few years ago. “I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do with this,” Cas said. He said it was a peculiar device.
“I viewed Jack as expendable. That's the opposite of selfless. And Cas, he didn’t know any of that,” Dean continues. “If he had, he’d probably still be alive.”
“What are you talking about?” she says. “Everyone knows you’re in love with him. It’s like climate change—not even worth debating anymore. I’m sure it’ll hit the next update of the
“I can’t take it anymore, Castiel. The pining you’ve been doing for years is more than a little annoying. It’s idiotic. And now that he’s dead? Well, why aren’t you with him right now? Or running toward him, arms outstretched in some beautiful field filled with flowers and birds and sunlight? Where is your sweeping orchestral
“Because you’re not like me. So yeah, I want my brother to be happy and productive and emotionally fulfilled. And, like, self-actualized.”
Jack’s stare intensifies as he studies Cas. “You really don’t remember.” He sits down again. “Cas, I tried. For weeks. But even I didn't have much control over the Empty, especially since your deal with it was so sound. I’m
Cas is in the far corner of the booth, with Dean sitting on the aisle. Dean glances at him. “Uh, we’ll just have your regular breakfast scramble. A side of fries.” Once the waiter leaves, Dean leans closer. “You okay?” he whispers into Cas’s ear. “You want to get this to go?”
Jack is quiet for a long time. Thinking. Then he looks at Dean. “I don’t know if I have an answer, Dean. I mean—when we redid this place, and I asked people what they wanted, they said they wanted choices on what to do in the afterlife. So I decided to try making heaven a place where humanity could just be. To explore. To have second chances. It could be that … I don’t know. You died very suddenly. You died at a young age. Maybe you weren’t quite ready to see me?”
“I swear to God, Sam. If you fucked that up because you were too worried about your sad-sack brother—”
But of course he’s lying. He’s not fine. And Dean suffered. He suffered a lot—not in the moment of his death, not when he was bleeding out—but every day and every hour after Cas died. His pain was beyond articulation.
He knows he should save Dean’s journal, reading it slowly to savor the only thing he has left of his brother—but he can’t. He can’t stop gorging himself on Dean’s words, on this modest, raw, personal record he kept of the last six months of his life. He tucks himself into a corner on the floor next to the washing machine and keeps reading.
But Cas isn’t all that trusting anymore, and what Dean’s saying is nothing he hasn’t thought about himself. Angels have free will now, and he wonders how they’ll use it. He still doesn’t trust angels like Ishim and Raphael. He supposes others don’t trust him. “At least Michael and Raphael don’t have so much power anymore.”
is the best thing for that, and it’s updated frequently, events permitting. It’s in the L Block.” He points to an area on the piece of paper. Dean can tell it’s a map of the building. If you can call the building a building.
“Wait a minute, back up,” Dean says, still clutching the box that holds the slices of pie. “I’m still stuck on this no-kids thing. You’re telling me that you and Eileen broke up because you don’t want kids.”
Dean just says “okay,” and lets Cas take him by the hand and guide him from the bench. He knows that he’d been right, all those months ago, not to accept that everything was over. It hadn’t even begun.
Her words make him wince. He knows all humans die and that Dean, also, will die. But the thought of the human world without Dean in it is just … so
They find Sam in the kitchen. Sam clasps Cas close and cries. They hug for a long time. Near the end of it, Sam looks up and catches Dean’s eyes, and his eyes are incredibly sad because he knows Cas can’t stay—he’s always known. They’ve both always known, this whole time.
But his attempt to get Dean to acknowledge his feelings gets him called a “friggin’ Eeyore,” so that’s that. And once Dean’s finished wiping away the pie that Sam lobbed at his face, he’s ready to turn the tables.
Cas does so to find Dean’s green eyes staring into his. They stay like that for several long moments, moving slowly together. Then Dean breaks their gaze, speeds up, thrusting harder against him, his lips catching Cas’s, savoring his lower lip. He moves hand again so that it’s between them, grasping. Holding him in the right way. Breathing hard, Cas comes. Dean follows a few seconds later, and Cas holds him as he finishes, cinching both arms around him, relishing the sensation of Dean's warm breath on his neck. And Dean is kissing him again, fiercely. Then he kisses Cas lightly, his lips just grazing his cheek, his jawline. He eases off, laying his head against Cas’s chest, and Cas just holds him, weaving his fingers through Dean’s hair.
He’s fond of Hannah, sure. But he’s disappointed she hasn’t opted to live in the house. Not because he has feelings for her (he doesn’t—and he doesn’t believe that she has feelings for him, despite all the jokes and jabs and nods he pretends not to understand).
“No—” he starts to say, but his voice isn’t quite there. He clears his throat. “No. I’m fine, Dean.”
They do boring things like crunch numbers, run statistics and figure out how many human souls have crossed over and how many are still in the veil, and where they should put them all.
Cas pulls him closer, if that’s possible. “I’m sorry that the last thing you saw of me, Dean, was my death. But—Dean, when I went to the Empty, I was happy. I was at peace with my choice. And I was in love with you. And I remained that way during my time there. And then Jack rescued me, and the others. You
,” Gabriel says, cutting Metatron off. He tucks an arm inside Cas’s and guides him to his feet. A protective gesture. “I think this has all been quite enough for one day.”
Or Cas would call him on his cellphone, and to make sure it wasn’t someone else, someone like Lucifer, he’d say,
He was uncomfortable too. But not uncomfortable about Cas’s attention—uncomfortable for the way he felt about Cas.
Claire looked at Dean, who still couldn’t look her in the eye. “Death? Death killed Castiel.” With her knife, she lined up some peas on her fork but didn’t eat them. “Why haven’t you brought him back? You did before.”
Sam hesitates. “Maybe.” He shrugs. “I’m gonna call our contacts in Southeast Asia. There’s a Men of Letters chapter in Singapore. Maybe they know things we don’t. But … it’s probably nothing paranormal or cosmic or whatever. New viruses emerge in nature all the time. A few make the leap from animals to humans. AIDS, Ebola, Spanish Flu …. Plus, if it was a supernatural thing … don’t you think the mortality rate would be a lot higher?”
No one had a solid answer except Metatron, who cited his superior powers of observation and deduction. “I mean, look around. What else do we have in common? Our stellar good looks?”
“It’s possible,” Cas said, shutting the door behind them. “Samandriel is partial to cats. He talked about getting one.”
. One desperate decision turned into another, and then another, until it felt as though he had no choices at all. He’d sided with the Winchesters most of the time, and he believes he was right to do so. The Winchesters saved the world and raised Jack, making this version of heaven possible.
“We have three floors of this building just about angels,” the kid says, with a little too much gusto for Dean’s liking. “And another four annexes. Anything you’re looking for?”
Maybe she’s on a fishing expedition; maybe she isn’t. In either case, he just doesn’t care anymore. Doesn’t care what angels think of him.
“Dean. Dean, come here and sit down.” Mary gestures to the couch behind them, sets her hand on his elbow to guide him. They both sit. “I can’t follow what you’re talking about. So calm down. And just explain to me what this is about.”
He does, leaning back as well. “Jack did most of the concept. He’s very devoted to making this place what it always should have been, and he loves details.”
“It would be very weird for you to break all these big rules because breaking them was the right thing to do, while not breaking a fairly minor one because … well, who knows your reasons.”
Dean tipped back his beer. He’d had several so far—Sam lost track. “And being American means not giving two fucks about bullshit semantics like that.”
That afternoon, Hannah came by. They walked through the main rooms, where others were playing pool and cards and listening to music.
“They really weren’t, Jack,” Cas interrupts, his voice clipped. “I stabbed him in the back.” Realizing how defensive he sounds, he stops himself. “Sorry.”
Dean gets up so that Cas can slide out of the booth to greet his friends—he hugs them hello, Adina kisses him on the cheek—and then he introduces Dean. Not that Dean needs an introduction.
He knows now that he’s still in the Empty, having some fucked-up dream. Instead of being tormented by the people he betrayed and the causes he failed, he’s now being given some sappy vision of forgiveness and reconciliation, just so he can suffer additional anguish when it all gets snatched away. He never came back. He’s not seen Jack since their last day on earth together. All of this—this angel rehab, these trips with Jack—it’s all just bullshit, a projection on his part, a hackneyed dream fueled by all the time he spent on earth watching terrible daytime TV.
Cas stepped into the room and looked down at where Dean was sitting on the floor, empty beer bottles surrounding him. “How’s your mother? Is she settling in?”
He starts to cry then, wrapping his arms around his chest and leaning against the headboard. Quiet, heavy sobs.
Sam thinks. It really bothers him that after everything, after Cas and saving the world a few times, his brother thinks he’s unworthy of any happiness. He doesn’t even quite believe the dog loves him, figures it must be because he dotes on him so much. Aren’t dogs hardwired to worship the person who feeds them? He even says that to Sam one time, when Miracle brings him a toy not because he wants Dean to play fetch—but because he just wants Dean to have it.
“And some animal languages, too.” He paused, looking up at Dean. “Though, to be fair, most animals share a language, a kind of lingua franca. Dogs, however, have their own grammar. It’s quite exquisite.”
It wasn’t difficult to figure out that they suffered in proportion to the guilt they felt, and that the anticipation of what would happen to them each night was worse than what actually happened. Gadreel pointed that out in one of his more lucid moments, which were becoming fewer and farther between. He said that all the millennia in heaven’s lockup taught him that—that waiting to be tortured was worse than torture itself. That during all that time, he never longed for an antidote to the physical pain—but he’d have taken anything for the crippling anxiety.
Sometimes they go to a diner or a bar or a waffle place that’s just like one of the many they frequented with Sam and Dean over the years. Other times they just sit on a bench in a park next to a pond.
Part of Dean feels disappointed, though he’d never admit it. “You came in here to tell me about a cold?”
Dean seethes about that a little, and then he hates himself for seething. The fact that he harbors this grubby resentment toward Jack is beyond embarrassing—it’s evidence of what a bad person he is. Jack sacrificed everything for him, for Sam, for the world … and Dean just keeps proving how unworthy he is of that sacrifice.
“Something like that,” Cas said. “And your chances of dying in a terrorist attack are even smaller—in the neighborhood of one in 30 million. And yet, the two things happened to one couple. A woman who lost her husband in the World Trade Center on 9/11 died in a plane crash a few years later.” He peered at Dean. “Imagine the odds.”
car. He misses text messages, even though he never understood the point—why take the time to write when you could just speak?
. Leviathan didn’t go to the Empty! And that was when he had the proof to back up his suspicion that none of this was real—that Hannah wasn’t really driving a stake into his head every night, and Abner wasn’t really disemboweling Gadreel …
He’s depressed. So is Sam, but only Sam will admit it. It’s normal to be depressed, he says, after all these “life-changing events.” One day, when they’re sitting in the kitchen together, Miracle lying at Sam’s feet, he flips his laptop around to show Dean. It says:
of it. And figure out how to wake up. Once we’re awake, the Empty begins to lose its grip on us. It can’t keep us here. I’ve seen it happen before.”
“This universe, and the universes beyond it, is about balance,” Jack says. “The problems that caused the upheaval of the last ten years resulted directly from a series power grabs that upset order, many of them originating with Chuck. Worse, this imbalance destroyed the sacredness of choice, with demons refusing to give people any sort of choice when possessing them, and angels forcing humans into impossible decisions that defeated the purpose of free will entirely. My job is to address that problem.”
Later that evening, he saw she was outside on the deck, sitting on the steps. Smoking something. He went outside to check on her.
Cas takes the flier. “I live with them. In a house. But you don’t have to take classes. I’ll teach you.”
“So you see, Mom,” he chokes out, reaching the end of the story, “I’m a total asshole. Cas—he deserved so much better. And now I roll up in heaven, just expecting him to be here, but … of course he’s not here. I didn’t earn that. I don’t … deserve him.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, scrambling to his feet and grasping Novak’s hands in his own. He pulls him to an upright position. Thank God the ground in heaven is soft. Dean repeats himself as he finishes steadying Novak. He tries to ignore that a small crowd is circling around them—a crowd that seems to consist of Novak’s people—the family and friends he had while he was living. “I’m sorry. I just—I thought you were …”
For instance: he’s driving Baby around a stretch of countryside that looks like backwoods Wisconsin, and seemingly out of nowhere a Gas-n-Sip emerges, nestled against a patch of forest. Dean pulls up even though there’s no need (Baby doesn’t run out of gas on this side of paradise, and Dean is never hungry or thirsty or in need of a bathroom) and goes inside.
Sometimes he prays to Jack. But not about Cas—not like that. His issues with Cas aren’t Jack’s problem. He just tells Jack he’s proud of him, hopes he’s doing well. Asks him to watch out for Sammy. And then, for Cas.
In any case, Cas wasn’t “over the rainbow.” He wasn’t sitting on a cloud or flying with the bluebirds. He was in the Empty. Worse, he must have known that’s where he was headed when he listened to this fucking song.
Dean pulls Cas toward him, gives him a casual embrace and kisses the side of his face. “I’ll get you something, bring it back.”
to take steps? Or do the powers-that-be just springboard you into the night once when you’ve gotten your wings back?”
But one day he runs into Ambriel and strikes up a conversation. He tells her where he’s living. Curious about the fratway house, she follows him home and he gives her the tour. “So this is what you guys do all day? Nothing?”
On one level, he can’t believe he’s having this conversation with Dean. On another level, though, he can’t imagine having it with anyone else. “I don’t—I don’t know if I can do it again.”
. You weren’t joking about living in a frat house, huh. Bunch of angels sitting around talking about all the people they banged. Bring me to your next kegger and we’ll call it even.”
Cas turned back to the pictures. “No, I wasn’t going to ask that at all.” He looked up again. Focused on Dean. “But since you bring it up, I assume it’s on your mind. You’re not a difficult human to read, Dean. You usually say what you mean.”
In the truck, Dean pushed the on button and was surprised when the device lit up. So it had kept its charge. He put the buds in his ears and pressed play. The song he heard, according to the device, was “Over the Rainbow.”
“You too.” He steps back, gives Malachi’s arm a firm pat. “Is this—?” He gestures to the restaurant.
Jack pauses but keeps stroking his head, his other hand on Cas’s shoulder. “So I went to see them in a dream. And I couldn’t—I couldn’t bring them the news they wanted. I couldn’t tell them I had you back, that you were safe. But I felt I had to go to them … they’d been praying nonstop. I had to offer them some kind of closure.”
When Cas stood in the threshold, Dean wondered if they were going to hug again. But Cas turned away, and Dean said goodnight before quietly closing the door.
Once the demons were awake, it was the beginning of the end for the Empty. And once the Empty loosened its grip on angels, and Cas was able to connect to Jack …
“It has to,” Cas says, hoping this will end the conversation. Angel politics aren’t his favorite subject. They’re also not Dean’s problem.
“I didn’t tell you everything, Sam. I didn’t tell you about—” He closes his eyes. Then he opens them again. “Cas told me he was in love with me. But … it wasn’t just that. That wasn’t what summoned the Empty.”
“No, Dean. That’s not how—that’s not what happened to me.” He opens his eyes and looks down at Dean in his arms.
Jack pauses. “No. I brought you here. To a place that gets routine darkness. You needed it—sometimes even angels need what darkness has to offer.”
Sam knows better than to try to gather the pieces. He needs to find Dean. Figuring Dean's driven off somewhere, he goes to check the garage. Dean’s car is still there. He hasn’t gone far. On a hunch, Sam looks through the Impala’s windows. Sure enough, Dean is in the backseat, slumped in the corner. Sam opens the door and bends over to look inside.
get it. Last year with Claire, for instance. I thought if I just went to her and gave her some money and helped her get back on her feet, that it would be enough. It wasn’t until you and Sam explained things to me …” His eyes met Dean’s. “Parents are everything. Without them around, you’re lost.”
He turns his head. “You know? What do you know? That he was once my closest friend and I murdered him in cold blood?”
Dean wants to look away for a second, just to wipe his eyes, which are filling with tears faster than he can blink them away, but he can’t. He just gets out of his car. And then Cas is standing to meet him, and the distance between them is closing—again, it’s like distance has no sway in this place—and Cas is smiling but also crying, not unlike the last time Dean saw him, and then they’re together, and there are no more challenges to overcome and nothing between them. It’s just a crush of limbs and the scent of tears and the sensation Cas’s face against his, that same stubble. Dean is surprised by how familiar he feels. How physical. He kisses Cas’s cheek, at first. And then his neck. And cries into his shoulder.
“I’ve been here for weeks,” Dean continues. “I thought you’d never show. I thought you were part of the sand and the stones or something and that I’d never see you again. Christ, Jack. That really sucked.”
Dean doesn’t know how much time passes. He just knows that what he and Cas do together feels good and important. So good. And good for Cas, too. Dean touches him in a way that elicits moans, quiet gasps. Dean gets him to come. Twice. A third time. Dean comes as well. And again. At one point they figure out how to come together, Cas shuddering into his mouth, squeezing his shoulder hard, Dean’s hand wrapped around Cas’s ass.
Back then, he told Mary that she belonged on earth. And he was certain of it at that time. But now he wouldn’t say the same thing. “To send him back now—it might be cruel.”
It took his eyes a second to adjust. Besides Metatron, with him were Gadreel, Malachi, Anna, and Bartholomew. And …
Dean props himself up on one elbow. “If anything isn’t what you want, or doesn’t feel good, you have to tell me.”
In loamy late-winter evenings—that part of the year when everything is damp and brown but not so dark—Dean would take the dog to walk around the pond, and what he thought about saying to Cas would eventually change. The words he chose would become less self-protective, less edgy, less insouciant. Until they were simply:
But the figure in front of him isn’t Cas, and Dean doesn’t discover this until he’s already on the ground on top of this not-Cas person. This … Jimmy Novak person.
Dean’s thinking through the implications of what his mother’s saying when he catches some movement out of the corner of his eye. His father.
“Your brother used his last minutes in the same way, Sam. He told you things that are right and true—things you can’t bring yourself to believe. That you’re smart. That you’re the strong one. That he admired you, that you were the one he looked up to. What he aspired to be. Look at me, Sam.”
Even if Sam were inclined to take Dean at his word—and he’s not, especially when it comes to shit like Cas—he knows he’s lying. He knows because of the things Jack told him.
Cas narrows his eyes. “Caged. To be reconciled, you have to be sincere. Jack believes in rehabilitation, but he’s not stupid.”
Anna leaned against the wall. “Did it ever occur to you or anyone in that operation that we reacted badly to all those battles and genocides for a reason? Because we’re not machines? Because we’re not the cold and unfeeling soldiers you wanted us to be?”
“He killed Mom. You were closer to her than I was. It’s no wonder that you, that you had a hard time with that.”
Dean’s expression changes from searching to concerned. Like he understands something for the first time.
Dean thinks about saying something mean, but he stops himself. Sighs. “Look. Maybe you’re right. Maybe this is a big deal. But you and me? It’s not ours to worry about. We’re low risk. We’re healthy … somewhat.” He holds up his beer. “We live in the middle of nowhere. And—oh yeah. We’ve done a bunch of things like beat the devil and kill Hitler and—what was the other thing? God. We beat God. We’re not dying of a cold.” He waits a beat. “And if we do? Oh well. Maybe this really is our species’ mass extinction event. If Jack’s wiping the slate clean, I’m sure he has his reasons.”
“You’re not the son I fought for,” he says. “You’re not the same Jack the Winchesters fought for. I don’t know what’s happened to you—” Now it’s as though he’s not even saying these things—he’s standing outside himself, watching himself say them. “You’ve given up your humanity. You’ve become something else. This thing, this … failure. You couldn’t possibly be human and do this to Dean. Being in heaven—it hasn’t been good for you. How could you just—”
They move from the rehab facility to another place altogether. “Transitional housing,” Gabriel jokingly calls it. “A halfway house.”
Dean doesn’t say anything for a long time. His lips graze Cas’s cheek. “You sure do get around, Cas.”
But that’s not how Dean experienced events. To him, Cas had just disappeared into a vat of nothingness, into a void so vast and disparate that even Jack had to work overtime to find him. Had to go back to Sam and Dean and say he couldn’t find Cas anywhere.
He remembers those long nights in the bunker, wandering around as he waited for Sam and Dean to awaken. During that time, he contemplated happiness—what it was and what it could mean for someone like him. What did he really
“The angel that hijacked my body and flew it into the Eifel Tower, the World Trade Center, and the Taj Mahal on a weekly basis? Look elsewhere, pal.” He brushes his pants and starts to turn away but then changes his mind. “No, actually, if you see that celestial, tell him to keep his distance. This is heaven, and I respect that. I wouldn’t want to cause any difficulties.”
When they were about halfway home, Sam glanced in the rearview mirror to see Dean slumped against Cas’s shoulder, even though he was still awake. Cas’s arm was around him, loosely clutching Dean's shoulder. Occasionally he touched Dean's head, his hair. Sam didn't know for sure, but he thought Dean's hand was resting on Cas's abdomen. Maybe holding his other hand.
“I don’t know what it is about you, Castiel,” Metatron says one night after Cas has walked Hannah to the door to see her off. He’s sitting with Daniel, a bottle of whiskey between them, along with a chessboard.
“It was my fault. I woke Cas from the Empty once before. This threw it into chaos. What was supposed to be an eternal resting place for non-human entities became vengeful and merciless. I have since tried to restore order there. But—” His gaze intensified. “By the time I reached the Empty, I couldn’t find Castiel anywhere.”
At the beginning of February, he takes Sam’s advice and signs up for a dating website. Puts together a little profile. Lists his occupation as “private investigator.” Calls himself “WolverDean.” There’s such a laundry list of options to choose from—men seeking women, men seeking men, men seeking men and women, men seeking “other” … what the hell could that mean? Men seeking rugarus? Too bad there’s not an option for men seeking angels.
Mary looks all the more confused, if that’s even possible, but he plows forward anyway. “The day when you told me to be careful with his feelings because—because he liked me and took me seriously, and I just could not get it through my dumb head what you were talking about, even though I knew deep down what you were saying, and—” He takes a deep breath.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Unlike you mind-molested featherfucks, I know which direction is up. And I keep my promises.”
“No, I just—” He definitely doesn’t want to slow down. “I want to. But I’m—” He clears his throat. “I’m unpracticed. I don’t have a lot of, you know, knowledge. Experience.”
“We argued about it the whole way down here. Daniel says the fact that they all die makes it a human story about mortality. And as angels, we don’t die. Not really. Or we at least don’t live with the constant awareness of impending death hanging over us.”
“I know, right? It didn’t feel like the right time to visit them again. It seemed like they were finding their own way. Without me. Without you. And I was still wanting to differentiate myself from Chuck as much as possible. No meddling.”
“Cas,” Dean said, raising his voice—and if you didn’t know him, you’d think he was about to tear Cas a new one. But Sam knew better. “Don’t ever change, buddy.”
Cas didn’t take his hand away from the wall. “He made a stupid mistake thousands of years ago. Which he paid for, times ten. And then he fell in with Metatron, made some shitty decisions. But he made up for them in the end.” He paused. “He blew himself up just to save me. And Hannah. And to free everyone else from Metatron. And Metatron—” He turned to look at Metatron. “You had your moments, Metatron. A lot of moments. But in the end you stepped up and sacrificed yourself, just like Gadreel.”
“That experience is unique to the human condition," Daniel says. “Humans are incredibly brave in that regard. Knowing they could die at any time, but choosing to carry on anyway. Still hoping. Finding meaning."
There’s still nothing to do and too many hours in the day in which to do it. Dean and Sam try to structure their hours productively, but what ends up giving them structure are the daily press conferences and briefings—the noise of history. But eventually they turn that shit off and figure out how to do other things than obsess about misfortune. Hunting is still slow—nothing coming in over the wire. Dean reads more and thinks about what he might do, what he might like to do.
“Michael and Raphael? They’ll come around. Or they won’t. In any case, fuckers can’t just ride roughshod over the neighborhood anymore, and believe me, that’s a good thing.” He looks down at his cards. “Great family. They take the fun out of dysfunctional.”
What they do together doesn’t take very long, and it isn’t very complicated, but it feels good nonetheless. It’s just Dean’s lips pressed to his, Dean’s hand between them, touching him. Dean’s weight against him. On top of him. He arches upward, pushing himself against Dean.
Jack sees him crying and stops skating. Skates to the edge of the pond and then trudges over to the bench, still in his skates, wobbling. He sits down and wraps his arms around Cas and lets him cry into the scarf on his shoulder. “It’s hard, growing your heart back,” Jack says. “It hurts. I know.”
be okay. But he wasn’t deliberately ignoring you or anything. He’s healing himself, and I’m healing him … but he’s not at full power.”
“He’ll be here soon enough. Humans don’t last very long. And then you two can be together again.” She smiles. The idea seems to please her.
If only because it proves, once again, that he didn't deserve the sacrifices that Cas and Jack made. He shouldn't be here.
He does not think these things, but at this moment, he wants nothing more than to be with Dean. He should stay at the house, really—he knows the second they’re seen by an angel it’ll be all over angel radio—but the urge to be with Dean is more powerful.
Before going to bed, he doesn’t bother to ask Jack to forgive him. Not anymore. He just strips down to his boxers and his tee-shirt and gets in bed. It’s only four in the afternoon, but who gives a fuck. He has nowhere to go, nothing to do.
He hears voices coming from the common room, talking in a familiar Enochian clip. He wheels himself to the doorway, prepares to say “Hello brothers, sisters” but doesn’t get the chance.
Dean leaned his head back on the cabinets, looked up at the ceiling. “Sam deserves more time with her. Like, serious one-on-one time.”
And there are still monsters, too. Not the really bad stuff. More like ordinary ho-hum beasties. They’re back to being pest control again. One weekend it’s an Ohio Grassman. The next weekend it’s a run-of-the-mill haunted house. Eileen comes along that time.
Metatron picks up his cards. “Gabriel’s the only angel in the history of creation happy to get a demotion.”
“Huh? I sure as shit didn’t want to be driving around in what looked like the bumfuck American Midwest and Pacific Northwest for days on end. Trust me. That wasn’t my idea of a good time.”
She finished going down the steps, where she probably buried the remains of “the J” so Jody wouldn’t find it. When she came back up, she didn’t sit next to him again. She walked past him and crossed the deck to go inside.
. But Sam already knew about the deal, about the “moment of happiness” thing, because Jack had told him. Because Jack had seen Cas make the deal.
“Well, no, you wouldn’t either. All of you are just … I mean, can I say ‘philistines’? Or is that too harsh?” Metatron stands up, walks around, and sits on the coffee table so that he’s knee-to-knee with Cas. “Castiel, you love this man. You are
“No, I don’t mean—” She tucks a wisp of hair behind her ear. “Yes, I wish I could have been there for you after Cas’s death, Dean. But I’m talking before that. I wish I could have been there earlier. Years earlier. I missed so much, with you two boys. I missed the opportunity to build you up. The world is a terrible place. It tears you down. So much. But mothers are supposed to counteract that, Dean. And I didn’t. I wasn’t there.”
Sam comes out of the bathroom, his newly washed hair wrapped up in a towel. He seems a bit startled to see Dean holding his meds, but he recovers quickly.
Eventually they move over to the bench, arms still entangled. Dean pulls Cas closer. Nothing he wants to say seems adequate. Then again, maybe it doesn’t have to be. “I didn’t quite know what I was supposed to be looking for,” he says.
“Because—” He starts to speak but nothing comes. He’s breathing harder all of a sudden—in anticipation of either a panic attack or an ugly crying jag, he can’t decide. “Because I’m—”
“Yeah, I know. I just mean—” He searches Dean’s face. “I don’t want to do anything for Christmas this year.”
But things were far more complicated. Yes, he preferred Sam and Dean. Yes, he loved Dean more than he’d ever loved anyone in his long, long life. But he also sided with them because he knew—and he felt this deeply—that they were trying to do the right things. The hard things. The things that set them against other humans, other forces, and all the power of authority.
Cas cleared his throat. “As for other parental figures, well. You’ve got the leader of your garrison, I suppose. Not much of a parent. And our father was, well, this distant, abstract concept.” He looked up. “There’s a piece missing from us, Dean. It’s why angels are the way we are.”
. Certainly not ‘paradise on earth.’ And you? You turned out just like Dad. Maybe worse, because even Dad wouldn’t have—” Sam stops himself.
Jack opens his mouth. Then he closes it. “From what I understand, things were a bit more complicated.”
“It was a long day. Even for an angel. Even if you don’t sleep, you might as well be comfortable.” And then he held out his hand. Cas grasped it, pulling himself to his feet.
He senses a presence in the doorway of his room. He opens one of his many eyes. Then closes it. “Metatron. What are you doing here?”
Cas thinks of Mary, of her pain when she was resurrected, her disorientation. And of Sam and Dean’s inability to provide her with the peace she was yearning for, and their resulting confusion and hurt.
“Oh yeah, I know what you mean. He’s got a big ol' man-crush, we know. It’s kind of a punchline. What can I say, I make friends everywhere I go.”
Which could have been days ago. Maybe weeks. Or maybe hours. Bobby wasn’t kidding when he said that time moves differently here. Other things that also move differently: People. Reality. Scenery. Thoughts. Dean knows he’s not trapped in a memory, but he’s not quite sure how to describe heaven in ordinary human terms. It feels both familiar and odd, like a recurring dream you’ve had your whole life, but less tenuous. More material. More
“I need to keep track of things,” he told Cas. “Unlike you, I don’t just remember shit. I don’t have a celestial brain.”
He thought that he’d tease Cas, that he’d mock him for his dying confession. That was the only way they’d ever move past it, Dean thought. He’d be vulgar and crass, like always, desperate to cover up how much Cas’s confession meant to him, shook him to his core. Desperate not to have to be vulnerable in the face of Cas’s shattering, perfect sincerity.
Dean looked up at the ceiling again, but this time he rolled his eyes. “I just explained this, Cas. Sam was a baby. I wasn’t.”
Jack says nothing, and Cas knows that he already knows. He knows how their stories will end, how they’ll die. And he could prevent the worst outcomes if he wanted, to, but—
“I need you to go see Sammy. Or make contact with him in some way. Meet him in a dream, give him a sign, anything.”
He feels like he’s been searching for weeks. He can’t find Cas anywhere. But now he’s more convinced than ever that someone is fucking with him.
didn’t. But we’re trying.” He cleared his throat again. “It took a long time, last time. But he came back. And—and with Jack now doing what he does … we’re hopeful.”
He tilts his head to look at Jack. “Other angels who came back from the Empty are okay. Why am I not?”
They’re both a mess, Cas realizes—traumatized from losing each other, again and again and again. When Dean said,
Cas peered into the darkness, trying to process this information. “But—far more angels and demons than just us have betrayed their own kind. Where are
?” Sam asked one night a couple weeks ago, as they drove home after a grocery run. “With Cas and the Empty?”
“You know, I still don’t know why you felt the way you did about Jack.” He rises from the chair. “And frankly, I don’t care. I’m done trying to figure it out. For a while I thought maybe it had to do with me—that Jack reminded you of the fact that you got saddled with me when we were kids, and I pretty much stole your childhood.”
Cas did have an oldie, though—Heart’s “Alone,” the 1980s power ballad. Dean preferred seventies-era Heart, but those women were babes regardless of the decade. And he’d always had a weakness for that song, in the same way he had weakness for Air Supply’s entire oeuvre. Too bad he and Cas hadn’t talked about it—it was another thing they could have bonded over.
He misses when Jack was still a boy, on earth, finding his way. Soul or no soul, he loved him all the same.
He wishes he could tell all this to the other angels tending him. More to the point, he wishes he could pull himself into a sitting position and say to them in Enochian,
After Sam went to bed, Dean continued to drink and Cas stayed with him. Even though they were inside, deep underground, the shadows seemed to grow longer. Finally Dean got up from the table. Cas planned on staying there—he rarely slept anyway.
Everything is grainy and undefined, but Sam can make out Cas’s hair, his eyelashes, the shape of his nose. It really is him, even if it’s not. “My brother thought you were gone, Cas. He spent the better part of a year blaming himself for your death. Not just your death—your total nonexistence. I think it killed him.” He feels some anger, some resentment, and it’s unpleasant. It’s unpleasant to feel anger toward Cas. “You could have at least let him know you were all right. Jesus. On our last mission, he wasn’t himself. He got careless. He might still be here if not for--I mean, the rebar finished him off. But that's not what killed him, Cas. He died of a broken heart.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, his voice little more than a whisper. He picked up an empty beer bottle and started peeling back the label. “That’s why I’m glad for—I mean, I’m so happy for Sam. He never had Mom at all, Cas. Never. I have memories of Mom. A few. Good ones. But Sam … he was an infant. He has what I told him, what Dad told him. I remember him saying to me one time—”
No pressure? Who is this person and what has he done with his father? Maybe heaven has a mellowing effect on all the Winchesters—except Dean. What the crap.
Daniel and Adina leave for the historical society, parting ways with Dean and Cas in front of the diner.
He straightens just as “Angel of the Morning” ends and another song begins. Lady Gaga’s “Just Dance.” And that, ladies and gentlemen, is his cue to get the fuck out.
In the bedroom, Dean helps Cas out of his pants and then takes his off as well. They don’t bother to get under the covers. Initially they lie next to each other, Cas on his back and Dean on his side, his hands touching his abdomen. Cas flinches a bit. “You’re ticklish,” Dean says. “I didn’t know angels could be ticklish. Here.” Dean takes Cas’s hand and puts it on his abdomen, and then puts his hand on top of Cas’s. “That always helps.” Then he kisses Cas’s neck, his collarbone.
His chest is tightening. Blackness nips at the corners of his vision. He just wants to get back to his room to be alone in whatever weird dream he’s having.
“They don’t?” Gabriel says, pulling back to look at him. “I guess I’ll have to turn in my angel card. You should have seen me when I watched
“Wow, ghosts and demons,” Dean said, his voice kept flat to feign disinterest. “You can’t get unluckier than that.”
episodes about lost children, socks, coffee, gouda cheese. So maybe the fact that a well-built guy makes him remember his dead best friend doesn’t really mean anything consequential as far as his sexuality goes.
Gadreel was an absolute mess. His hands shook constantly. He could barely speak. When he did, it was to bargain with something, to pray in Enochian to some unknown deity.
die, and being left to fend for himself on this planet, alone and cut off from heaven. He remembers the last time Cas was human, when Dean visited him in Idaho, and he was so small and pale and thin and emotionally compromised that he attracted some kind of special euthanizing angel to put him down.
“Just … general info. Maybe on activities undertaken by individual angels?” It sounds so dumb when he says it like that.
“I could do worse, considering.” She seemed to grow distant now, her eyes on the darkened tree line. “You know, it’s dumb. I’m dumb. Maybe I didn’t think Castiel could actually die. Like, not permanently. I mean, I know everything dies. But …” She paused. “It’s just—” She looked down at the smoldering joint between her fingers. “You know how, when you look back on things, you never thought, ‘That was the last time I was gonna see that person.’”
“For what … we talked about. I couldn’t get out of bed either, Dean. After Cas and Jack were gone. You’re going through the same thing. Your response is just … delayed.”
“So where is he?” Malachi said. “If he was able to wake you up once before, then why the hell doesn’t he just do that again?”
Now that Sam’s mentioned it, Dean realizes how much he was dreading the possibility of doing that again. It’ll be a relief, not to go to Jody’s for Christmas.
doesn’t get a call. Dean does. He rifles through the glove compartment to find the buzzing cell. Holds it to his ear. “Hello?”
“She says there’s almost a zero percent chance that this is anything other than your bog-standard zoonotic virus.”
Dean wanders the aisles at the immaculate Gas-n-Sip. It’s deserted. No one’s working there, and yet it’s stocked and clean and well-kept as if a very diligent manager has just slipped out the backdoor to take out the trash. There’s music piping in through the store— “Angel of the Morning.” “Very funny, Cas,” he says to the empty aisles. “Yeah, you know I got a weakness for the Juice Newton version.”
? Well, in one word: Dean. Dean safe. Forever. The opportunity to love Dean, and be loved by him at the same time. To be with him in all ways. Both of them together forever. Without a care in the world.
“Both.” Cas walks over and sits so he’s next to Sam. “It is both real and a dream. I’m not alive anymore in the way that you knew me to be alive. I’m back to being a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, which means I cannot manifest physically in your waking dimension. Which is really the way it should be.” He sighs. “I learned much from humanity in ways that helped me improve heaven. But I also learned that angels shouldn’t meddle so much. Even though you’re all magnificent creatures, and I miss being among you.”
He watches as a small russet leaf falls from the tree above and lands near his shoe. He clears his throat and looks at Jack. “How do you say, ‘I’m proud of you’ in Enochian?”
When Dean drives Baby back into town, he’s a bit flummoxed. This is the clearly the same small city he saw when he arrived in heaven—where he had his unfortunate run-in with Jimmy Novak and was told he was tanking the neighborhood—but now it seems to have developed into a much larger metropolitan area. The park has more than quadrupled in size; its people sprawl out on blankets, play frisbee in the grass with their dogs. The center of the city stretches for miles in all directions, buildings and streets and sidewalks and trees.
He doesn’t say anything about this—obviously. Especially not as Dean and Eileen seem to be enjoying themselves, stopping to check out the primates.
“You don’t remember. You know why you don’t remember? Naomi. She tampered with all of us at one point or another. She erased us, things we did, people we met. Things we shared. Things we … had in common.” He gripped Malachi’s shoulders harder. “Like us, she was just following orders. But the program she ran turned us into something we weren’t.” He glanced at Bartholomew. “You know because you were part of it. But maybe
“We’ll see each other again, Dean,” Cas says with a conviction that Dean hasn’t heard in a long time. He holds Dean more closely. There’s that strength again—that angelic strength that Cas had seemed to lose over the years, as he grew more distant from heaven. “You have my word.”
