“What did T’Challa call her?” Peter asked softly.
“Tony,” Steve spoke after a moment. “Come here babe,” he held out his arms, glad that the male didn’t protest but instead crawled into them the moment Bucky had set him on the bed.
Trying to snap out of it, Tony leaned against the headboard and turned on the television screen. It took five minutes before his eyes fell to the door, hoping that someone would come inside. It was frightening, how being alone for the first time in days left such a heavy feeling in the pit of his stomach.
The arm around Tony’s waist tightened.
Turning from where he lay, Tony spotted a grinning Bucky in the doorway, one hand holding the platter while the other swung the door firmly shut.
“So how about cuddly minion? Or cuddly monster?” He nodded towards the two letters on her shirt.
He came to a startled pause when someone put a hand on his arm, stopping the actions immediately. Tony frowned, trying but failing to throw his heavy head to face the other side of the bed where the figure had obviously stood up.
Thank you for the kudos, comments, subscriptions, and bookmarks! I haven't proofread this chapter, so there may be some minor errors. Otherwise, enjoy.
“Did you, or are you making one for yourself?” Their voices were still quite, a habit that they’d picked up so that the team wouldn’t know that they were talking about subjects that weren’t acceptable to the super soldiers.
Throwing the safety googles onto the top of his head, Tony raised a brow and tilted his head slightly, silently asking the question without actually speaking. What had she figured out?
He paid a homeless man for his hoodie, a good fortune, and used it to disappear into the night. Six people now lived in his underground bunker, and Tony could only pray as he lost another suit to an explosion, that he wouldn’t have to rescue anyone else.
Cursing under his breath, Tony threw the shirt back on so that the kid could no longer look directly at the arc reactor. The soft light still shined, but as long as he hid everything, it would be easier to get it off of Peter’s mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
It became too much, and soon enough all Tony saw was an explosion of light before everything turned dark.
When he saw the other two start to move forward, the child’s quite crying turned hysterical, and he buried his face into Tony’s chest. The genius glared, stopping the men in their tracks.
“You scared the shit out of me,” Tony grumbled, watching as the tub filled with water.
“Where’s Steve and Bucky?” He questioned lightly.
“What do you want?” Tony finally grumbled. There was no reason to call Barton by any other names; the man was impervious to it.
This chapter was HARD to write, and sweeter than the others.... but will it stay like that?
“I want you to dig deep into your memories, and tell me you still want me to leave you behind. If you still say that tomorrow, then I’ll respect your wishes. But Tony, if you do this and you change your mind, we will get away.”
Tony shook his head, smiling softly at the petulant expression thrown his way. “Of course not, I was just… making the most of my last night with two men with great stamina.”
“Okay,” Tony sighed, trying for a soft smile and falling short in hopes of keeping the little boy calm.
“Just like I promised,” the archer chirped, sitting across from the three.
Oh no!!! I hope you enjoyed this chapter that probably gave you more questions than answers! ;) I'm going on vacation so hopefully I'll update soon or maybe even when on vacation, we'll see ;) Let me know what you think!
The two held each other tightly, ignoring the rest of the room as they both cried. Lost in a moment that needed to happen.
No one sparred a second glance in their direction, both in sweatpants and t-shirts looking more like the homeless population than two runaways.
---------------------------------------------
“No daddy! I’m not ready!” Scurrying away from Tony, the little brunette quickly flushed the toilet.
“Steve,” he groaned, already finding himself close to the edge. “Steve, I’m going…”
When morning had come, the group of former heroes had all appeared from the recesses of the mansion looking as if they hadn’t overheard any of the commotion that had happened between the two super soldiers and Tony.
The roar seemed to set them all into motion, Natasha blurring as she ran straight down the hall, Rogers holding his shield at the ready alongside the Falcon and Hawkeye. Without prompting, Roger’s used his free hand to grab at the panicking genius and tug him into his side, safe behind the shield as bullets continued to ring in the corridor.
Just as he begins to question it, Tony slams into a wall. His body careens back into the grass of the front lawn, barely missing the pavement of a round driveway. Looking up to see what he ran into, Tony frowns when he notices that there is nothing in front of him.
The blond frowned for only a moment before speaking, “okay, but whatever I pick next you have to wear.”
“Dr. Cho explained that we don’t have to use it too much, we can put it on at night to facilitate your breathing, but we don’t want you too dependent on it either.”
Through the gate the two watched as what could have only been a teenager wandered through the stones as if they’d been there several times. There was a quite murmuring from the figure, and Steve held up a hand as he tried to hear what was being said.
How many times were they going to move him?
There was no hesitation as Tony turned and started to sprint up the stairs and down the hall, two super soldiers hot on his trail as he slammed the bedroom door open to find a screaming toddler sitting up in the huge bed.
Tony turns only slightly to see a hammer suddenly smashing through the machines, completely taking out their control systems so that they fall to the ground, broken.
“I’ll get you more coffee, Tones. But, I’m also going to make us some dinner so that you have something in your stomach. I wouldn’t be surprised if you didn’t eat today.”
Standing, Tony rubbed off imaginary dirt off his pants. “We’re going to go get Goose settled in Peter’s room. You can get all the cat essentials.”
When the teenager in the film speaks, Tony let’s himself reminisce about the kid that he would never see again. How was Peter? How were the others? He was sure that by this point the princess and spider-kid had probably made a fearsome team. In a way, he pitied the country for having to deal with two super geniuses who hadn’t quite developed a sense of what not to say yet… not that Tony could judge.
However, that didn’t stop him from noticing the blond and brunette that hadn’t stop their sudden trek directly at him.
“I had a few childish urges today, and I gave into them. I didn’t even think about it… But they were… they were nice.” He admits. “Bucky made me feel… safe… despite everything.”
“Jarvis! What’s going on?”
“Okay, Mr. Stark.” Peter replied with half the pizza still in his mouth.
Tony swiveled in his seat, so that the two were facing each other rather than the workbench. He set down the half-drunk cup of coffee and leveled a serious expression on his face. Pepper’s mouth was pursed, as if she knew that she wasn’t going to like whatever came out of the man’s mouth.
Both brunettes deflated at the words, Tony still shaking terribly while Peter nodded in agreement. The teenager didn’t mention how shaken his mentor was, simply pushing the cup of coffee back into his hands and sprawling closer to the man so that he was practically sitting in Tony’s lap.
Wonder shines in Tony’s eyes. “What are you saying?” He whispers.
“It’s a little surprising that we we were going through our gay crisis at the same time,” Tony muses. “What’s the odds of that?”
Miles and Sam exchange a look before shaking their heads at her.
Ugh but then who knows who they’ll seat him next to. Who knows
Choking on a laugh, Steve decides that Tony’s too far away. He needs to be in kissing distance. God. He’d never thought he’d be addicted to kissing Tony, to touching his skin, to feeling his body shift underneath his hands.
As Tony is muzzily pondering how to help Steve relax, Steve’s hand returns to the back of Tony’s neck. The squeeze this time is tighter: a warning. Not that that makes it feel any less good to Tony, who groans, relishing the pulse of heat the touch sends through him. Tony whimpers as Steve’s hand pulls away, leaving tingles in their wake; the vibrato echoes in his chest.
“Listen. I know you and Steve are in a bad place but that doesn’t mean it has to stay that way.”
Steve’s answering grin is brilliant and bright. With a pained noise, Tony draws Steve back in for a kiss. And another. And another, until they’re clinging to each other. Until the only thing that’s keeping Tony’s feet on the ground is the fact that he’s anchored to Steve.
“Yeah but... what kind of a spell would--?” Steve makes a helpless gesture at Tony because he doesn’t have words to describe what’s happening with Tony. This affection after years of drought? Steve’s drowning. “Plus, isn't there some protocol in place on how to handle a situation involving love spells?”
“You had
Kamala twitches in surprise.
. He'd forgotten about the fact that they'd put Tony's transformed shape into his room tonight.
Tony’s hand touches Steve’s shoulder; the silence in Steve’s head is deafening. Steve glances at the warm touch before looking back at Tony. “Thank you for caring, darling. But I’m alright. No wounds or anything.”
“We’ll get two people to be friends again. Isn’t that enough?”
Steve’s ears have gone numb. But through the buzzing, he hears Sam mumble something about giving them both some privacy. Steve should turn around and ask Sam not to leave them alone. Better yet, he should give into the wriggling anxiety that’s crawling up his limbs and leave Tony alone. This isn’t a conversation he’s ready for. He’ll
“Do you still want these?” Steve asks as he shyly places the cookies near Tony's elbow. “I made them myself so I’m not totally sure about how they taste but JARVIS helped with the coffee.”
“I think you can,” Tony winds up saying as Steve patiently peers back at him.
“What I’m saying is,” Tony says when he catches her puzzled look. “I don’t know what could happen. Just because we don’t want to talk to each other now doesn’t mean that’s how it’s going to be forever. Who knows. Something might happen that’ll get us talking and we’ll be back at where we were. Maybe even better friends.”
makes Tony cry whenever he takes a bite because it's the perfect balance between apple tartness and sugar-y sweetness.
“It does,” Steve answers, helplessly drawn to Tony. He could be 26 and fresh out of the ice again honestly, given how much his heart yearns for this man. There’s just so much longing rattling around inside of Steve, he doesn’t know what to do with it. He wants to tell Tony he still loves him, still wants him. But he can’t. Steve
Steve pulls away, their lips parting with a soft smack. He grins with self-satisfaction at Tony’s utterly dazed look. (He also avidly ignores the confused questions arising from their friends nearby). “Do you still like Italian?”
Tony steps forward - one, two, three. He’s touching Steve’s face, committing to memory the way Steve’s eyes flutter shut before he turns his face into Tony’s palm. Tony’s heart skips a beat when Steve’s eyes part and peer at him.  He’s so effortlessly gorgeous. It’s unfair.
Miles tilts his head, puzzled. “What’s he got to regret? Especially when it comes to Tony?”
Steve smiles wryly. “You didn’t tell me a lot of things.”
Steve winces as Tony, who is presently stuck in the form of a graceful black and white feline, sleepily peers at him. “Sorry. I… I’m sorry.”
Loathe as he is to break the connection, Steve obediently steps away to grab the frying pan
“Internet,” Kamala dryly points out. “Their vibe was completely different from how Cap and Tony fight.”
So, he can’t back out or else Pepper’s going to do something
Maybe if he catches Tony off guard, it’ll be enough for him to come through the mind control. Assuming he’s being controlled in the first place.
But Steve doesn’t follow through, not immediately anyways because the elevator doors open and Steve’s pulling him out. This time, thankfully, Steve keeps kissing him. Their hands keep bumping into each other as they try to undress each other at the same time. That and the fact that they won’t stop kissing makes the entire thing a delightful ordeal.
“You too,” he whispers against Tony’s lips as they sway in a patch of light.
Kamala’s eyes sweep over the yard. The mood has shifted; if the agents were trying to find the ring before, now they feel hell bent on success. She can almost taste the agents’ determination in the air but one thing is clear enough, they haven’t found the ring.
“To be fair,” Sam smiles faintly, “You guys are the two most stubborn assholes I know. I think if you wanted to, you guys could fix things up.”
“Yeah.” He’s relieved that last night’s joy has carried forward to the morning. As he watches Tony beat the eggs up into a frothy mix, Steve kisses the back of Tony’s pink-tipped ear and asks, “Sleep well?”
to be good to each other.”
“I’m not though.”
cancel or call the organizing head up and tell them that he won’t be showing up with a date. But it’s going to look bad from a PR perspective. God. Tony can see the tabloid headlines already. Everyone’s going to be gloating over the fact that he’s seemingly incapable of staying in a relationship, never mind the fact that he’d very much
“The plan?” Kamala asks, blinking owlishly into Mikes’ dark eyes.
loudly asks the interloping party, “What the hell was so important that it couldn’t wait till morning?”
It’s that
And of course there was Steve’s general reaction to being around Tony... There used to be a time when Steve was happy to see him. Now it’s just bitterness. That same bitterness has soaked into him. And he’d gone and taken it out on poor Kamala. She doesn’t deserve to be burdened by his bullshit, much less his relationship issues with Steve. Would it have killed him to lie to the poor girl? Nope. But he’d gone and acted like a fucking idiot anyways.
blamed you for that. Ever.”
wants to.
And nothing happens.
He touches a love bite on Tony’s neck, remembering the taste of Tony’s sweat. He brushes the hair off Tony’s forehead, remembering the way Tony had moaned when Steve had tugged on his hair. Steve runs his fingers up Tony’s thigh, which is thrown over Steve’s hip, and remembers how the muscles there had quivered under Steve’s palm as Tony had come.
he wants. He wants Tony. So, Steve tilts his chin up and says, “
Head tilting to the side, Tony asks, “Yes? Is something wrong?”
“My naked husband,” Tony answers easily, rolling over to lie fetchingly on his side as Steve approaches.
“Yeah, I’m taking you out tonight. On a date.” Steve clarifies because he’s not leaving any room for miscommunication between them. Not anymore. “A romantic date. I’ll pick you up at 5. Okay?”
to tell Steve about this. And maybe he takes a moment to revel in the warmth that’s filling his chest. It’s embarrassing but sweet that his friends are willing to stand up for him like this in front of Steve. He’s the luckiest man on the planet.
About an hour ago, the Avengers had gotten wind of a live situation in New York: a group of kids were wreaking havoc in their school by changing their classmates and teachers into animals. “I hate magic,” Tony had sighed as they watched an opalescent ray hit a willowy blond and turn him into a goose.
“Get it now?” Steve asks, voice rough as sandpaper.
That sounds delicious. But Tony feels like he’s going to light up any second now if he doesn’t touch himself. Whining, he says as much. It may be the heat-lust talking but he can smell the sudden spike of lust that comes from Steve at the admission. That boosts his ego as much as it makes his front hole pulse with want. It feels good to know that Steve wants him.
“No. It’s usually a couple of days late.”
Steve stares at Sam because that’s brand new information. Steve would have remembered if Sam had told him that. “You didn’t... mention that part.”
But not all the way. Tony feels increasingly uncomfortable with the way so many people are assuming Steve’s his romantic date. He can tell that Steve’s not happy about it by the way he grows increasingly stiff next to him. Which only serves to ratchet up Tony’s own unhappiness because there’s no bigger gut punch than an unhappy Steve.
to Tony’s pants.
Miles has a point about that but Kamala can’t help but shake her head. “It wasn’t
Steve. And he feels amazing. Thick, long, too much in just the right way. It’s just
Tony’s smile grows when their eyes meet. Steve’s tired expression lightens when he smiles. He drapes his towel over the back of the study chair as he asks, “What’re you looking at?”
“He can’t avoid us forever,” Rhodey grins.
if Tony were to ask him for a favor...
“No,” Steve’s hand lands on his wrist. They pass under a streetlight, whose light illuminates the plea in Steve’s eyes. “We’re almost home.”
like on his tongue. His fingers touch Steve’s thigh. The muscles there are tight as rocks.
“Shoot.”
What’s more surprising is how Steve’s hand, more or less, stays pressed against the small of Tony’s back. There’s a couple of moments where Steve’s forced to take his hand back and Tony feels the loss keenly. But every time, Steve’s touch returns and the knot in Tony’s belly relaxes.
“I’m sure you can figure that out.” And now Steve’s hand is on Tony’s shoulder. Resting nice and casually on top of the red and gold armor. Tony shoots the hand a quick amused look but doesn’t say anything. Steve’s grin grows. “I’d rather think about where you’re going to take me.”
“Is that right?” Tony asks, a smile in his voice. “You gonna give me that right incentive, Commander?”
The nurses’ lips are a tight line but merriment shines in his eyes as he eyes Steve and Tony. “Everything alright in here?” He asks.
. There’s just enough pressure to make tingles race down Tony’s spine and his fingers tighten around Steve’s. His free hand slides down, slipping under Steve’s coat to rest against his waist. Tony needs more contact. He needs this kiss to be more than sweet. He applies more pressure, parting his lips slightly in invitation to Steve but Steve doesn’t take it. Instead, he keeps the kiss gentle. Breaking away only to come back in a heartbeat, lips capturing Tony’s bottom lip for a second before letting go.
Steve lets his fingertips run up and down Tony’s side. He glances down between them at their soft cocks and shivers when he remembers the heat of Tony’s mouth on him. That had been...
“But when it’s someone from the team then... it kind of
His eyes fly open when he feels Tony’s small, warm, fluffy body plop down against his stomach, purring so loud Steve can hear it without his enhanced hearing. He can’t help but look down but there’s almost nothing to see. He can barely make out Tony’s white muzzle and chest hair in the darkness. But, Steve realizes, that part doesn’t matter. What matters is that he can feel Tony’s heat, the softness of his fur, the comforting rumble of his purrs.
to make those choices for me.”
Steve isn’t experiencing the usual pre-mission jitters. He’s experiencing a whole new kind of anxiety because Tony’s here and there’s still so much unsaid between them. And there's also the fact that he can't believe Tony's
smaller than it’s been in years. Steve can’t imagine them having a lot of needs outside of the absolute necessities: Tony’s lab, a training room, dining room, rec room, and locker and showers.
Kamala shoots the nurse a baleful look.
Steve’s chest rises and falls; an exhale passes through Steve’s lips before his eyes meet Tony’s. “When’s your heat due, Tony?”
“You should ask Steve to join the team. That’ll probably make things easier for both of you,” Sam talks over him.
He shoots Steve a considering look, wondering if Steve would be open to being his date. Steve’s never been fond of getting in a penguin suit or rubbing shoulder with rich people. He’s too salt-of-the-earth and grounded for the crowd in these parties.
talk to each other and never be friends again!”
She holds a hand out for him. “Please, call me Kim. Ma’am makes me feel old.”
For the first time today, Tony’s eyes lower in shame. “I didn’t want to hurt you,” Tony admits in a small voice, one hand rising up to clutch at his forearm. “But I knew I had to. The SHRA.... I wanted to tell you about it. Months before it came to pass. But I knew how you’d react. I knew... that if I worked with you... you might lose your faith in everything you stood for. And that... I didn’t want to see you go through with that.”
“Rhodey. I asked him what to do.”
Tony gasps, fingers tightening in Steve’s shirt. He follows the gentle pressure Steve’s hand applies, tilting his head to the side. Distressingly, Steve’s kisses move away from his lips. He nuzzles Tony’s beard, jawline, and finally the curve of his ear before he teasingly asks, “Is that a yes?”
Surprise has Sam’s eyebrows rising up high. “You serious?”
“I know I forget a lot of things,” Steve starts, voice low and apologetic. “But there two things I’m never going to forget. The day we met and the day we got married.”
Logically, rationally, Tony understands it. He’s betrayed Steve far too many times. He’s hit the limit of Steve’s generosity and kindness. The thought of losing Steve’s favor and friendship stings. The sensation isn’t too far from the feeling of shrapnel burrowing its way into his heart. Except the shards of metal are smaller, sharper. And there’s no electro-magnetic in the world that can stop the pain.
His happiness carries forward to the next morning when he wakes up to the sensation of a dry kiss brushing his forehead. Steve peeks up and sees Tony smiling down at him. He looks devilishly handsome in the morning light. A gorgeous unkempt mess.
Kamal decides wearily,
That confession almost yanks Tony out of his heat because
Tony narrows his eyes, pressing the sheath of papers in his hands against his chest as he asks, “Someone broke something, didn’t they?”
“Not yet?”
He’s falling and flying simultaneously when Tony’s fingers wrap gently around his wrist. “That I love you.”
“I could have skipped this party and stayed at home,” Tony points out. Steve’s hand feels nice on his back. Which, when had Steve started to stroke his back? Whatever. It feels amazing and Tony feels his shoulders dropping, relaxing with each gentle stroke. “I could have made sure I didn’t have any engagements in the days around my heat date.”
“Actually, that’s not what it means.”
Tony pulls away and licks his lips. Steve blinks up at him, obviously confused as to why they’re not kissing anymore. “Are
“We’re almost back at the Tower,” Steve is saying, voice cracking. His eyes are trained out the windshield. His fingers tighten around the steering wheel, making it creak. “We’ll do whatever you want then.”
“Aggravate him? Is there some kind of booby trap in the spell?” Steve asks sharply, glancing at Sam.
“What the hell? I thought he asked you out a week ago?”
“I’ll let you know!” Kamala promises, sneakers squeaking against the floor as she runs away.
thinking about how his heat is less than a week away and he doesn’t have an alpha partner to help him through it. Plus there’s no one he really trusts so, Tony’s going to have a painful heat this time around. He’d think about hiring someone from a discreet, trustworthy agency but he feels too morose to even consider finding someone else so soon.)
Steve can’t breathe. His heart’s racing inside his chest. His body’s too hot and too cold. He’s shaking. He feels Tony squeezing his wrist and feels something inside of him creaking dangerously. A little more pressure and something inside of Steve is going to collapse. All his assumptions. His tower of righteous anger and hurt.
The softest part of him wants to tell Tony that he does more than that. Tony’s always had his back. One of Tony’s best qualities, in Steve’s humble opinion, is his heart. The lengths to which Tony goes to help his friends is awe-inspiring. Sure it’s led him astray more than a few times but Tony’s intentions are rooted in wanting to protect the people closest to him. And the extent to which he has gone to protect
“You thought right,” Natasha replied. “You know...being a single-dad is a turn on for a lot of women and I know quite a few women who would—.”
When Tony had his soul implant installed, it revealed he would meet his soulmate later in life. It was uncommon but not unheard of and he would be 40 by the time he met his soulmate.
“If you are going to fight with us then you need to learn to work with us! You almost killed Clint!” Steve yelled.
Bruce, Scott, and Eddie Brock sat on the other couch, both of them were nursing drinks the ladies had made for them and discussing Venom’s physiology. Bruce was drinking what looked like a bright pink virgin margarita with five different variations of fruit sticking out of it, Scott had a Pina Colada with several large pineapple slices, whip, and a cherry on top, and Eddie had a multicolored daiquiri with a quarter of an orange skewered with an umbrella.
Fury cursed under his breath and turned around. He yelled to his agents, “I need to know the location and status on the Goblin NOW!”
The same person...or the headliner for every major news organization?
Cable was quick and held what looked like a scrap of paper in his grip. When he ran back to Steve’s side, he handed him the paper and, as Steve accepted it, he realized it was a photograph.
His shadow appeared and a moment later Tony’s body slammed into him. Steve instantly wrapped his arms around the younger man into a bone crushing embrace. Tony was shaking and his legs collapsed beneath him. Steve held onto him and carefully lowered him down. His elation immediately turned into concern as he felt sobs wrack Tony’s body so badly he could barely breathe.
Tony turned back to the Mark III with a huff. Things were not adding up and he did not like it when that happened. He used to ignore it, but that kind of thinking was what lead to his weapons being sold under the table to groups like the Ten Rings.
Tony’s fridge and pantry were a little sparse so Steve was still hungry even after eating all of the food provided. He bashfully followed Tony to the elevator and flushed as he paid for the food. He muttered, “I’m sorry, you didn’t have to…”
“I’ve had worse…and I had to get to you.”
“Maybe I fucked you hard enough to make you go a little numb,” Tony chuckled. His hand trailed down Steve’s stomach and then wrapped around his cock.
Venom moved uneasily against his skin and Peter snapped open his eyes to see his parents approaching him. Peter scooted back, dragging Wade with him, and gasped, “No! Don’t come any closer!”
With Steve finally able to settle down and map out a tentative future for himself, all the pain he had locked away was starting to break free. Steve never had a moment to grieve for his best friend –
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky went a few tables over to a group of soldiers he was friendly with and positioned himself within their sights.
Steve’s heart was full of love and he would be happy to lay there all day with Tony in his arms. But when the water began to lose its warm edge both men sat up with unhappy groans and did a quick clean up, washing away the remains of their love making and whatever was left of the gritty remains of their prior battles.
are at home base,” Friday stated, and Tony felt a chill go down his spine.
Steve broke the kiss and drew back from Tony. He left his hands in his hair and kept his back bent so he could keep looking at him in the eyes. In the days since the disaster of their first date, Steve and Tony had been stealing kisses and fleeting touches in between the mayhem of the search for Bucky. Steve was tempted to throw Tony on the couch and take off where they left off and forget about the madness surrounding them. The buzzing noises from Peter's workstation was deterrent enough to stop him from doing that in front of his son.
“Your allies on Midgard have gone through some troubling trials since you were last there,” Heimdall stated.
and said, “We’ll set up a contingency plan in case something goes wrong.”
, his man even had the muscle structure of Adonis! The curve ratio of his ass alone was enough to bring Tony to his knees.
Tony scrambled to his feet and hissed, "Take it back!!"
Wade's place was an older home that didn't look like it got much upkeep, with its peeling paint and overgrown lawn. A few gnomes and plastic flamingoes were braving the wild weeds in the yard and there was a cheerful welcome sign nailed to the door.
Bucky flexed the arm and then moved each individual finger. He commented, “It moves just like my old arm.”
“My romantic prince,” Peter countered and he lightly kissed Wade’s lips. He took Wade’s words to heart however and his body began to move against Wade’s. Their cocks rubbed together and they both gasped into each other’s mouths.
Still leaning into the wall, Steve closed his eyes and began to stroke himself as he imagined himself with Tony. This time Steve returned the kiss in the latent memory and Tony pressed his body into Steve’s. They opened their mouths to each other and Tony’s hand found its way into Steve’s pants.
“I thought it was serious until I rem…” Bucky trailed off and murmured the last word so quietly he barely heard it, “Remembered.”
The protocols had been up for the last few days.
Tony went in search of his super soldier and wondered if they’d be able to sneak away into one of these abandoned buildings tonight. Knowing Bucky, he had probably scolded Steve like he was a petulant child so they would have to be double cautious when sneaking away as Bucky would probably be waiting on them to make a move and ready to scold some more.
He sleepily went to return to the bed…but found himself unable.
“Sir, is used to long periods of no nutrition and has been repeatedly reminded of the importance of sustenance,” Jarvis stated.
“Ice cweam!” Peter gasped, squirming in his hold. Steve broke out of his stupor and adjusted his hold on Peter before the toddler managed to slip from his hold.
Steve felt like he was in the past again, riding on that train. But this time it was not Bucky falling to his death but Tony. Tony was too far to reach but he had to watch and listen to him die.
Steve closed his eyes for a moment to collect his breath. They had taken away his cowl, gloves, and shield but he remained in his Captain America uniform. The metal irritated his skin on his wrists and he had the strongest urge to rip his hands apart but he didn’t. He swallowed his disgust and opened his eyes. He looked to the correction officer and stated, “I am ready.”
He did not feel hungry but, to relieve his family’s fears, he picked up the fork and began to eat the sweetened dough.
All that was left was the marry the man and everything would be perfect.
distracting.”
Steve’s heart all but burst out of his chest and he sprinted the rest of the way to the lab. What was Peter doing in there? What did the Chameleon do to him??
Steve was tangible. Steve was alive. Steve was the center of his universe and Tony came to the horrific conclusion that he must do all that was within his power to save him.
Venom shrieked and threw the man. It was not his host’s father. The man only had –
He’d had a short fling with a guy in college but had never felt attracted to another man until now. He’d thought it’d just been a faze…he never imagined it’d happen again…and with
Thank you for your comments, concerns, and true feelings on the matter. I take them to heart and they help mold my writing. The first chapter to Part 3 will posted in a few days and I hope everyone enjoys it just as much as the rest of the series...
As he worked, he kept glancing at the room that housed Barnes and, eventually, he opened the door.
“Lower your weapon, boss” Natasha growled, ignoring Steve and Clint’s exchange and stepping closer to Bucky.
Steve clutched his chest as he remembered the promise he made to Tony about never leaving him for Bucky. It was now tainted by a newfound regret for making it.
He told himself it was nerves and refocused on his task.
Steve’s eyes flashed, he quickly separated the distance between them, and he crowded Tony against the stairs. Steve whispered, “You have absolutely no idea what this will do to me and how much I want this.”
“Yes,” Steve replied answering her last question more than her first. It’d been a few weeks since he first came. He did not know what the “intricate matters” she was speaking of were however…
Natasha and Bucky wordlessly exchanged glances. Steve was unable to read into their silent communication and his worry and ire grew. He demanded, “
Steve slowly closed the distance between them and sat beside his friend. They stared at each other and silence began to fester again.
“I think…I think when we went to the future and I used that new suit…the nanobots reacted to the shrapnel as an injury. They removed it – all of it.”
“Oh,” Steve whispered, his elation dropping significantly. “Right…”
“Wade, don't worry about it. I like you. I like kissing you. I’ll get used to the rest of it,” Peter murmured, drawing his hand over Wade’s chest. Wade inhaled sharply as Peter lightly ran his hands over the contours of Wade’s muscles. He so badly wanted to see Wade’s face, to see his reaction, to give more meaning to what they were doing…They needed to start meeting somewhere private.
“Enough about that! Tell us about the shield! How awesome is it?” Scott butt in.
Steve, of course, knew something could happen to Tony again. He was a superhero. It came with the job.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m going to send this to Pepper and let her know she’s an aunt now,” Tony said, already shooting the text to his friend.
Scratching the back of his head, Peter nervously smiled and said. “Well…I’m actually going to go over to Wade’s place right now.”
He spun around in the direction of the stranger’s call and felt his shoulders droop when he saw a couple of camera crews run over to them from the hastily parked vans.
Steve leaned into Tony and said, “Thank you.”
He dressed quickly and then asked the AI, “How do I look?”
“We just need to be calm around him,” Tony whispered with a singsong voice. “Just need to get him in a happy place and Bruce will come out. Right, Big Guy?”
Peter rubbed his forehead, creasing his mask beneath his touch, and grumbled, “It does not help that you call her names like that, especially when you do it to her face.”
“Shh,” Steve whispered. “Come on, get up. You need a shower.”
Cable grasped his shoulder and assured him, “We’re going to get Stark back.”
“No,” his mate replied smartly. He grinned at Steve and happily sang, “Oh knee! Oh knee, oh knee, oh knee.”
Peter turned to him and whispered, “You told me I am strong…but, I can’t be strong if I know you could be hurt because of a stray thought that Venom would perceive as dangerous.”
“Don’t you want to see the veins?” Steve asked, tracing his finger around the rim of Tony’s reactor. “What if they’re something bad?”
He needed to stop thinking about this now so he got off his ass and went to see how he could help Steve in the kitchen. When Tony offered his help, Steve smiled knowingly at him but directed him to mix the ingredients either way. Tony dutifully got to work and leaned into Steve’s side as his husband began to talk about his mother's recipe.
“That was stupid,” Steve chuckled lightly.
Next time, Chapter 8: Safe in Your Arms
“Good idea,” Peter replied in an equally hushed tone. Peter picked out a “Run NY” shirt with an Art Deco image of the Statue of Liberty jogging in running shorts in addition to some blue jeans with an accompanying belt.
He and Steve argued a lot but…they rarely
“I promise to not show a soul…my picture however…” Tony opened the near-nude photo Steve had taken of him earlier and quickly sent it to the team’s group messaging. Steve groaned and murmured something incomprehensible about social norms into his shoulder.
Peter chuckled and shook his head before replying, “I support them. In fact, I’m very happy for them.”
“I’m not threatening you, dad,” Peter whispered starkly. “But the truth is harsh and I’m just stating the facts. I accepted you into my life despite everything you had done to me, my mom, and the Parkers…Now, I’m asking you to accept Wade, despite the things he may have done in his past too.”
“STEVE?!” Tony yelled after him and Steve flinched lightly from the sound of it but kept running.
“Yes,” Jarvis replied.
“Yes,” was all Wade was able to encourage. He was so close too. He began to pump himself faster and Peter’s stroke picked up momentum too until…
Win them with kindness was his strategy for the night and he was going to hit Stark with so much kindness he’ll be singing My Little Pony friendship songs and shitting rainbows for the rest of the week!
Peter went through a dark period after Pops’ death. It was filled with self-hate, despair, and grief that burned him to his very core. He refused to talk to anyone at first. It was only after the funeral, after he saw his dad in similar pain, did he reach out to his family and begin to heal.
Then Tony sucked.
His statement made Steve smile and he said, “I hung out with the Red Skull for a bit. I do not recommend it to anyone.”
Bruce pulled up the chair across from Peter’s side of the bed and patiently waited for Peter’s attention to fall on him. Eventually, Peter felt his eyes on him and his bright blue eyes flickered up to him. He kept his face half hidden behind Tony’s torso and peered questionably at Bruce.
Into the communicator, Steve gasped, “Tony! Peter is here!”
“Let me give you the tour,” Wade said, leaning into Peter with his chin resting on Peter’s shoulder.
He planned to have her mate personally kill her when Hydra reemerged.
Holy shit, Natasha was going to be babysitting them fulltime, right? She must be some kind of witch because she made Bucky smile less than a minute into meeting him. What the hell??
Peter covered his eyes with a groan. Aunt May and Wade were going to be a terrible force. Steve also chuckled and Peter peeked out at him from between his fingers.
The Goblin towered over him and glared down at Tony with red eyes than were made redder by Tony’s repulsors and smoking.
They weren't going to dance around this anymore and Tony couldn't be happier.
They were ambushed and, when it looked hopeless, they both turned their guns on each other. Natasha’s aim was unsteady because her hands were shaking but she was able to clearly state for the first and last time, “I love you, James.”
him,” Bruce retorted.
He had mused over the problem and found a solution from the very clothes on his back. The outrageous neon jumpsuit was also extremely baggy. They had to give him the largest size because of his mass but it was mostly for his height. His waistline was too large for his narrow hips. He could easily hide his shield, uniform, and then some in it without any problem. However, getting to the outskirts of camp without notice was the main problem and then keeping the shied a secret in the close camp was another…
The stranger instantly grasped the sides of Steve’s head with his bare hands and asked, “How much heat can your brain take, super soldier?”
Steve’s brows pinched together.
Tony did not seem to notice and rounded the corner of his counter, heading straight to Steve. He shoved himself into Steve’s personal space and Tony pointedly reminded him, “This is a date. As in romantic, more than friends, man on man date. With me, Tony Stark, a man with male genitalia. You are still willing to do this?”
Peter did not know what to expect. When she opened it, he flinched back but nothing happened. He cautiously peered inside the cylinder and only saw darkness. There did not seem to be any threat but his senses were still going haywire with dire warning.
His right hand and most of his forearm were gone.
“I gladly trade my life for his if I could,” Wade gasped. “Please, don’t take him.”
He had to feed the symbiote
“Tony?” Bruce questioned in surprise. “You weren’t in your cave for long.”
They blasted their way in and flew into the middle of an ambush.
Natasha smirked and said, “I’ve got Clint on speed dial.”
. She was supposed to be normal. She did not have superpowers. She should not be able to hurt him.
future. I’m limited by the technology of my time, but one day, you’ll figure this out and when you do…you’ll have changed the world. If never get the chance to tell you this…I wanted you to know in my past, present, and future, what is and will always be, my greatest creation…is you.”
And Steve was one of the rare few who did not have another half.
Aunt Tasha ran her hand over Peter’s head as she passed him then squeezed onto the armchair with Uncle Bucky.
Tony guiltily glanced down at the suit parts. He had taken it out for updating but all he had done was open it up. Nothing had been updated… and what was Pepper talking to him about? It was something about stock prices, wasn’t it? But was it good or bad?
Bucky’s lips wobbled and, with a shuddering breath, he whispered, “So are you.”
“No, he can’t be,” Peter desperately gasped as the image of the burned corpse seared itself into his mind.
Thanks again
He tightened his fists as he watched the past Tony give away the nano-suit and the past Steve give away his shield, leaving themselves defenseless.
Again, he smiled sadly in reply and Tony’s eyes narrowed.
Steve ducked his head to hide his smile and pinched Tony’s arm back and replied, “I’d be doing the same…”
Tony smirked and murmured, “It’s pretty hard to enjoy when vultures are circling us.”
Tony didn’t make a noise as Sam stitched him up but he did hold Steve’s hand tightly with one hand and worked on the laptop with the other. Steve stroked the hand in his hold with his thumb and, whenever their eyes happened to meet, Steve smiled at him. Each time he saw that smile, Tony’s entire body flushed with endorphins. Yup, he was head-over-heels in love.
He found Peter and Steve sitting outside the door to Tony’s workshop. Even dead, his last protocols remained active and he could not enter the room or go to Tony’s floor. He begged Jarvis to let him in, he wanted to be where Tony once was and inhale his scent before it faded and pretend that he was still there but the AI stayed resolute in his master’s final commands.
"I have briefings for both of you. There is a situation that may warrant the Avengers' call to action. That will include use of your consultation, Stark."
“Promise me you will be cautious, at least, Stark,” she whispered.
“Yes, Sir.”
He broke free from the murky water and flew back to the tower. His eyes were immediately drawn to the building. It glowed like a beacon in the cluster of opaquely lighted skyscrapers that made up Manhattan. He circled it slowly, taking in her energy-saving splendor.
!” Steve spat then shot his hand over his mouth as if to catch the words that were already out. Tony looked as if Steve just slapped him and made him feel all the worse.
So…he fiddled with it.
As Steve gradually sat himself up he saw Bucky’s head fall forward. Seeing his old friend in such a defeated pose made Steve want to take it all back. He wanted to jump from the bed and take Bucky in his arms. He wanted to tell him that he loved him too. He wanted to kiss him, draw him back to the bed and his fantasy world, and make love to him like he always wanted.
“Alpha Jarvis reconnecting…” The statement nearly made Tony cry. He was back. He was in the future. He survived.
Steve grinned, already knowing Tony’s response, and said, “I just couldn’t help it. I am
Natasha simply smiled and said, “After lunch, James and I were going to spar and I was hoping you’d join us, Peter. I’ve been told you’ve got a new defense that’s impenetrable…I’d like to prove everyone wrong.”
The Soldier sat on the side of a knocked over trashcan and stared at the unconscious man across from him. The Captain sat upright against the wall with his head lolled to the side, resting on his shoulder. His mouth was slightly agape and his eyes were closed. The Captain’s eyes had been closed since that moment in the helicarrier when the Soldier was about to shoot him in the head and the Captain tried to say that name again. The man had fallen unconscious at that point and hadn’t woken since.
Tony got off his arm and leaned away. What was he doing? Why was he doing this to himself? He’d drunk too much if he was allowing his body to dictate his moves. He put the bottle down on the table behind him.
Thor had no idea where his hammer was nor did he know that it had woken the man he would one day follow into battle.
It was built similarly to a MRI in that it would fully scan his body so it was big enough to fit him. He made his to be stepped into. It was open and airy and not at all confining like a regular MRI and was basically a white backing and the front was the scanner itself. It was a complete circle that slowly rose as it scanned every inch of his body. The scan would only take a few minutes, not the usual MRI half an hour as it was calibrated just for Tony. The machine hummed to life and Tony closed his eyes and both hoped and feared the results. He listened to the scanner’s hum as it got louder and closer to his head and then above it…
Tony sighed, “We’re safe here. You don’t have to worry about anyone coming after me. You saw the news, everyone is too distracted by Hydra and SHIELD to wonder what I’m up to.”
Growing up, he’d seen some bad rashes on Steve, but Tony’s sickness was painful just to look at. Bucky quickly wrapped him up and helped him back into his shirt. All of Tony’s movements were stiff but he moved faster as he began to move around.
“One against five. We can take him,” Clint said, pulling his bow off his shoulder.
As he rode over the Brooklyn Bridge into Manhattan, night finally settled and the city was aglow with its sparkling electric lights. Traffic was much denser as he approached the tower and he carefully weaved in and out of the trafficked vehicles. A few of the local taxi drivers, who dealt with the commuters around the Tower, recognized him and called out to or waved to him. He responded in kind, but his heart was not in it.
Natasha and Bucky had been very private about their affair, but they had been inseparable...until the dusting.
He did not want to let him go....and it took all of his strength to do so.
He sat up straighter and gave Steve a half hug and flashed him a cocky smile, but no matter how cockily he smiled, he couldn’t hide the way he continued to tremble.
The lab door opened and Tony eagerly spun around, desperate to escape his musings.
Wade was already pulling at the largest portion of the black mass and Tony grabbed his own portion. Out of the darkness, a face of nightmares turned to them, smiling with fangs like that of an animated crocodile.
“…But I am his father,” Tony retorted, almost stubbornly. “It is my job to look out for him.”
And out of that raging fire, with his back to Steve, Kilian walked up to them.
Regardless, Steve’s body was vibrating with adrenaline and the taste of Tony was still on his tongue.
“He will be here, Tony,” Steve sighed. “Give him time.”
Coulson nodded and held out matching tablets for them to look over.
“Hm?”
And Tony loved it.
“What?! Wait –! Ugh!” Dum Dum stood at attention with a loud groan.
It was his biggest fear to be alone.
Sneaky shook his head and murmured, “No, I would have heard. The only reason this one wasn’t known was because it was in such a remote location and all the notes on it had been lost…But I should look at it, just in case. I need to understand how this thing works before I step back into it.”
“So how certifiable is he?” Tony asked, “Is he completely deranged? Hallucinating off mushrooms? Trying to impress some pagan, vegan hippie?”
was not the one who started it. We were having a pleasant conversation until you tried to make a wedge by bringing up his past dalliances.”
“So, what’s your story?” The father asked, leaning back into his chair with his coffee.
“But I did not reciprocate, even though I thought you were gone. Your death made me realize how much more important you are to me…I choose you, Tony. No matter what, it’s you.”
“We’re not done yet, lover boy,” Tony chuckled. “And don’t think you did nothing for me…Being able to hold you like this and touch you like this…” Tony flexed his hips, rubbing his erection into Steve’s penis, making Steve moan. Tony bit down on his lip and huffed, “This is the stuff of dreams and we haven’t even gotten to the fun part yet.”
???” Wade’s heart dropped and Peter’s eyes widened a fraction in surprise and, in those few seconds, the symbiote attacked. It screeched in vengeance, “If
Before their hands fell all the way, Tony pulled their hands to his mouth. Steve held his breath as Tony kissed his hand. The first was similar to Steve’s and chaste. The second, Tony opened his mouth and raked his teeth against his skin then his tongue unexpectedly flicked out and tasted his skin. Steve shivered as he was reminded of the last night and tightened his hand in Tony’s grasp.
At this point, all the civilians gone and Bucky tucked Peter into his chest, stepping away from Steve as he did. He spared Steve one last desolate look then ran, disappearing behind the double swinging doors to the main hub of the hospital, leaving just Steve, his teammates, and the symbiote alone in the huge room.
Steve was surround by love, surrounded by his family, and surrounded by their warmth.
She cupped his face and she felt him instantly relax beneath her touch. She whispered, “Let’s save Steve.”
“Sir has asked me to inform you that you are to be grounded the rest of your life,” Jarvis stated, this time, using the Iron Man suit as his speakers. Peter groaned again.
Tony studied his face with sad eyes.
Steve typed out the text and, when the reply came in, he grimly turned the phone to Clint, showing him a photo. Tony caught a glimpse of it and felt his stomach churn. Clint’s son and daughter were tied up and gagged and obviously crying in the photo.
“T…Tony…” Steve began, still blushing adorably.
“Not as rusty as I thought you’d be,” Natasha commented.
Once they had their fill, they slipped into the sewers before the SHIELD agents found them again, leaving behind a bloody mess.
Heimdall did not move from his post, but, he did point his golden gaze to his prince and question, “A word, my Lord?”
Venom warned that he would not be able to do it for long but Norman had sacrificed several employees in order to give the symbiote enough strength to fight.
“Just hold me, Tony,” Steve whispered. The only comfort he found was in Tony’s arms. “Just hold me until my heart is strong enough to beat without you shielding it…”
Steve and the Goblin were matched in strength but the beast was intelligent and used its wiles to trick Steve to gain the upper hand at some points in their fight. Yet Steve had experience in fighting, which the Goblin clearly did not and, most importantly, Steve was fighting on behalf of his son. The Goblin was insane and would not stop laughing or making the insertion that Peter was his son, not Steve’s.
They could take it slow because they were going to have each other for the rest of their lives.
Hello, everyone! I’m sorry for the long hiatus. I have not posted in a while because my brother was at the Las Vegas shooting and we came very close to losing him. And then the same night he finally came home I got in a bad car accident... Needless to say, my family and I went through a lot of emotional upheaval and I’m just now getting back to my writing.
Then next day the Mandarin attacked, this time on American soil.
“Yes, sir,” Natasha replied and saluted her teacher.
“Or do you miss the idea of an ‘us?’ Maybe all you really need is an ‘us’ with Barnes?” Tony replied icily.
“Hear, hear,” Steve mumbled in agreement and leaned back into the couch beside Tony. He wrapped his arms around his husband and Tony returned the embrace. Steve took comfort in his hold and let himself relax.
“I’m going to be careful…I just…I just need to go out. I feel like I’m suffocating.”
He wrapped his arm around Iron Man’s waist and they flew up the tunnel to the outside. In his ear, he heard his son ask, “Pops?”
Tony had said something similar to Steve to convince him he’d find love and marry one day. He knew his super soldier was referring to that and Tony grinned at Steve.
Steve grinned and grabbed Cable’s hand as he said, “I’ll miss you too, Cable.”
If you want to know what happened but you don't want to read Part 1, here's the super summarized, SPOILERS version:
Wade finally responded by trembling and then returning the embrace with a tight hug. He gasped, “I…I’ll try.”
In the helicarrier, Tony let Fury settle what to do with the Norse gods and went in search of Bruce. He was in the lab, right where he left him.
Peter felt his shirt collar pull back and his neck and his Spider-Man uniform be exposed to the cool air of the store.
“Nah, I just like wearing spandex,” Peter replied.
Wade cleared his throat and sat back to put a little room between him and Peter.
His first thoughts were of palladium poisoning. The box was made of the same material that used to hold the old chips that used to burn up in Tony’s reactor. It was big enough to hold at least three and fit in Tony’s pocket. Had he been carrying them around like a pillbox? After all these years, could his new reactor be poisoning him now too?
. When I joined the Avengers, I did not realize your friend you lost in the war, Sergeant James ‘
“Just create the lather for me before I back out!” Tony said and sat down stubbornly at the desk. He set up the mirror in front of him and stared at the reflection of his beautiful goatee for the last time. He was a little embarrassed by his lack of knowledge but more uneasy at the thought of actually shaving off all of his facial hair. It'd been decades since he was last bare faced.
Tony slammed his head on the counter from embarrassment as soon as the words escaped his lips. It sounded like he was quoting something from one of those old Captain America documentaries. Steve chuckled and Tony said, “Ignore me. I sound like an idiot.”
Tony looked up at Steve with large, wet eyes that broke his heart with the amount of pain within them. Steve carefully shifted onto his side and pulled Tony into his embrace. Steve couldn’t even begin to imagine finding Tony on the verge of death. He promised, “I’ll never leave you like that, Tony…”
Tony nodded furiously but was hiccupping and sniffling too much to really answer.
Their loving reunion didn’t last long unfortunately. Tony’s fever didn’t let up and he relapsed back into the hazy world of delirium. Gabe gave him more medicine, the others volunteered to help sit with him, but Steve was the only one who could keep him calm.
The smiles melted off both of their faces and they regarded Steve with horror.
Steve listened but all he wanted to do was curl up into a ball and hear no more…
They heard the elevator doors click open in the other room and Natasha murmured to Peter, “That must be your dad.”
Bruce sealed the last of the stones into the holding case he had made especially for them and handed it to Bucky. He reminded him, "Remember, you have to return the stones to the exact moment we got them or you're going to open a lot of nasty alternative realities."
As soon as Happy was out of sight, Peter pounced onto Wade’s lap. He grinned wiley at his boyfriend and Wade’s smile mirrored his. Wade’s hands clasped his thighs and he began to rub them. His thumbs grew close to his crotch with every pass. Peter surged into his touch and caught Wade’s startled gasp with his mouth.
Tony snorted and said, “That title is for our mystery man alone.”
“…When we all heard Peter on the radio, we came running,” Tony explained. “Thor included. The Goblin got away.”
Steve’s blood boiled and he felt protective for the son he’d yet to raise.
“I need more time with them,” Mary reasoned.
“I’ll listen,” Wade promised, pressing Peter’s hands to his chest like it was a solemn vow.
“She attacked me first,” Bucky hissed, his face red from Natasha’s thighs crushing his windpipe. “I am only defending myself.”
“I want a viable lab to do more than play!” Howard countered, “I have pressing work that needs my attention!”
He had his shield, for which he was thankful for. He had given it to Coulson but he could easily imagine the agent giving up the rare shield without a second thought. Now if only he had thought to leave him his uniform as well… He pulled himself out of the ground and frowned at his nudity. Even with the shield, no one would believe he was Steve Rogers. SHIELD could not hide his death from the world at large and he knew his death had to have been a highly publicized event. He would be arrested for public nudity and probably be sent to a mental institution for claiming to be Steve Rogers, back from the dead…
want either.”
Startled, she turns to stare into Miles’ mask before letting out a shaky breath. “Yeah.”
my senses. If it’s someone I’m not interested in, I wouldn’t be reacting like this!”
“But you’re-”
. He’s so wet he’s soaked through his briefs.
Of all the parts of Steve to rub off on him, he’d never thought it’d be the damned naïve idealism.
she muses watching one agent accidentally stub their toe over a stray piece of rubble.
Ugh. He hates to admit it but that’s the long and the short of it. The last person he’d expected to show up at the school was Commander Rogers himself. But there’s also the fact that Steve had not so subtly implied that a lot of the damage could have been prevented if the team had just been faster. And by team, Tony
to approach Tony with some kind of food that Tony loves before breaking bad news to him is a tried and true strategy used by his friends. Happy’s fond of plying him with cheeseburgers before confessing that one of Tony’s cars got into an accident. Pepper will treat him to sushi and sake before sliding a contract his way that’s sure to get him seeing red. And Rhodey’s bribe of choice is apple pie from this diner back in Boston that
There’s no magical sparks or glowing lights. Just Tony curiously turning the cell phone over in his hands as he asks, “This thing charged? Is there anything specific I should be looking for?”
A quiet sniff pulls Steve out of his thoughts. Looking up, he catches Tony rubbing his nose clean. He’s a pitiful sight, if Steve’s honest. With a runny nose and tears streaming down his cheeks. Sighing because he’s got a soft spot the size of Texas for Tony, Steve pulls a packet of tissues out of his pouch and holds it out towards Tony.
“Nothing like that. I just wanted to talk to you about what happened yesterday.”
the things you did!”
Steve’ll
So here he is, two days away from one of the fanciest events of the year, out an alpha as his plus-one. Sure he
Steve tears the envelope open and pulls the letter out. He starts to read, scowling heavily. But a couple of lines in, his frown deepens. But not in anger like he’d expected. But in confusion.
“It’s a hell yes,” Tony swears, voice rough. He’s got no God damned idea what he’s going Friday night but he’ll cancel all his plans to be with Steve.
in, aren’t you?”
“Super soldier stamina,” Tony tells him, thumb smearing precome over the crown of Steve’s dick. “Best Christmas present ever.”
Steve moves half-a-step closer, hand coming to rest lightly in the middle of Tony’s back. Tony melts immediately, smiling faintly before he nods. He expects the answer to reassure Steve but the concern in his eyes doesn’t dissipate. Rather, for the next hour or more, Steve keeps shooting him worried little looks as Tony makes nice with his ‘peers.’
On Sam’s shoulder, Redwing floofs up before he starts to clean his feathers. Sam crosses his arms and asks, “What’d you say?”
An old memory flashes through Steve’s mind; Tony’s wearing the golden under-suit, telling him that Steve takes advantage of the fact that a lot of people look up to him. At the time, Steve had thought Tony had meant the younger superheroes and civilians. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought that Tony had counted himself among that group.
Tony smiles and shakes his head at his husband but he decides to humor Steve. "If that's what Captain America says." He stares at the candle and wishes,
It’s the breathless happy quality to his name that has Steve’s attention snapping to Tony in a heartbeat. As Tony hops off the cot and walks up to Steve, Steve’s fingers curl into fists, leather gloves creaking softly. But in the next millisecond, Steve’s hand tenses in surprise because--
Steve bites down on his tongue to keep the curses at bay. “Can you come down and check then?”
an apron because of safe cooking. Tony accepts the frying pan with a smile and eyes the apron with confusion. Or maybe that’s because Steve just slips it over Tony’s head without any warning.
There’s a hint of amusement in Steve’s voice when he answers, “Why do you think? It’s because I like you.”
“It’s entirely possible.”
Tony’s eyes flutter shut. His next exhale is a warm puff of air against Steve’s mouth and chin. Steve holds his breath, waiting. He shivers when Tony’s trembling hands rise up to rest against his sides. “What are you doing Steve?”
Steve collapses in on himself; he buries his face in his hands and tries to become one with the marble counter top. It's a bit like a brown bear trying to hide behind a whispy tree; it's fucking comical. He mumbles something into his palms but Tony, for all his genius, cannot speak mumble so he rubs Steve’s back some more and asks, “Mind repeating that?”
Kamala stares at Tony, wondering,
his date. Steve who looks so good, smells so nice, and God, it would be
Shifting so that he’s lying partially on his stomach, Steve drags a gentle hand down Tony’s back and whispers, “Is this your way of helping?” Tony’s wet nose touches the inside of his arm, sending a ticklish sensation running up Steve’s back. Which turns into a full giggle when Tony’s rough tongue sweeps out for a quick, kittenish lick. “Thank you Tony.”
There’s a long beat where Steve stares at him, expectant. But when Tony stares back, asking aloud, “Why are you asking about that?”
Dragging a hand down his face, Tony explains, “I know! I know!”
Like a sunflower turning to the sun, Steve can’t help but turn to look at Tony, who has Carol all but bouncing next to him as she asks him something. Tony glances over at him and they both grin, helpless but happy.
They all fall silent at the query. Kamala’s mind keeps flashing, Steve’s forlorn expression in front of her eyes. She didn’t imagine that, right? She’s not misreading things,
Tony snorts wetly. “That’s not how it works.”
And he knows Steve’s caught on that something’s going on because his blond brows drip into a furrow, concern written all over his face. But he never gets a chance to say anything because Kim Andrews comes out of nowhere, exclaiming, “Tony! What a surprise! You’re not fashionable late as usual!”
Kamala leans against a SHIELD van, observing the agents as they make their way through the debris, magic-detecting scanners moving in lazy arcs over the rubble.
It’s not that Tony’s averse to telling his friends about his love life. Well... no. That’s a lie. He doesn’t like airing his romantic laundry out like that. But in this case, the reason is simpler. Tony doesn’t want to jinx things before they’ve ever started. During their last call, Tony had hinted to Rhodey that he and Steve might have figured things out but no one knows that they’re going to go out on a date.
for their first wedding anniversary dammit! But then Doom had to go and be a dick and try to take over the world on the same day. So there went the
“I know,” Tony says, soft and placating. “I know I’ve done a lot of shitty things. But you have to believe me when I tell you that I did all that to protect you.”
. Kamala stares at her scribbles, fingers tightening on her pencil. Sam starts to say that Steve doesn’t think that but Tony interrupts, “You don’t have to cover for him. I appreciate what you’re trying to do. I really do. But I just don’t think that we’ll get back to where we were. There’s no trust left there.”
“It’s not like it’s affecting the team in any way,” Sam asks in return. “So why does it matter?”
Startling, Steve looks down at Tony, mouth open in shock. His heart races in anticipation even as his stomach twists in worry. There’s too much going on thanks to the complete lack of information and Steve’s going to lose his fucking mind because of it. It doesn’t help that Steve sees the same uncertain storm raging inside of Tony as well. His brown eyes peer up at him in askance, asking a question that Steve doesn’t know. So all Steve can do is stare back and wait for Tony to
One step back and Tony’s expression shifts into heartbreaking concern.
With a lump in his throat, Steve says, “It wasn’t your fault you know.”
“Fraternization hasn’t ever been a problem before.” Rhodey points out. “There’s nothing in the by-laws that says team members can’t date.”
Something angry and desperate rears its head up upon the mere concept of spending his heat with someone other than Steve. It pushes his heat-lust aside for a moment. And in that moment of clarity, Tony reaches out to grab Steve by the arm. Fiercely, he tells him, “Don’t you fucking
“Mmm,” Tony makes a show of checking his watch. “A whole thirty minutes early. Must have been really nervous.”
“Well. Horatio just made a seriously bad joke and you didn’t even groan. And you’ve sighed at least three times since the show started and that was only ten minutes ago.”
“That’ll take too long.”
Feeling weary beyond words, Tony shakes his head, “Not this time, Sam.” Meeting Sam’s sympathetic gaze, Tony smiles weakly. “It is what it is. I knew that this is what my choices would lead to. It was a price I was ready to pay.”
“There’s like, a
Carol gaps at Sam, clearly taken aback by this new piece of information. Before she accuses Tony of something, he hurriedly points out, “He’s not even
More noises of confusion from their friends but Steve’s attention is focused on the widening of Tony’s eyes and the glimmer of hope that’s beginning to sparkle therein.
this. He’s missed Tony looking at him like he trusts Steve, fully and completely. (Like he
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” Steve sighs as they walk through the gilded doors and into the large hall. He nervously tugs on his black-tie when a nearby socialite shoots him a curious look.
out. I meant why then? Why not... later or before.”
“I said
“Uhh...” Kamala says, not sure how to point out the obvious.
She’s jolted back to the present when Miles says, “Something’s going on.”
. I wanted you to say that we’d fight
Well. That at least answers Tony’s question of whether or not Steve had told Sam. However, the sheer volume of all three exclamations makes Tony wince. “Guys... come on. It’s not that big of a deal.”
“Grab me a pan would you? It’s over there in the sink.” Tony gestures with his fork at the cabinet a few feet away.
, Tony’s brain whispers to him. Rumiko’s image flashes before his eyes. His blue-tinged mood turns a deep melancholic navy. Tony sighs, sinking back into his seat as he wonders,
Once they’re behind closed doors however, Tony gives in. There’s no need to think anymore. Nowhere else to go except to the bed. And once they’re there, with Tony sitting on Steve’s lap, dragging his wet against Steve’s dick, there’s no reason not to give into his desires. Except for that little voice in the back of his head that pops up when he feels Steve’s hand twitch with hesitation. Steve’s been so good so far, making sure that Tony’s on board and Tony hasn’t asked, even once, if
Sighing deeply, Tony resigns himself to going stag. He’s about to pull his phone out and ask Bambi to make the call when a hand appears in his line of sight. Tony stares at the waving hand before he follows it back to its owner, Steve, who is giving him a deeply concerned look.
to his asshole? It makes Tony’s brain melt.
So, he lies to Kamala. Kinda. He waits for a good day where he doesn’t feel
much self control to
Immediately, Tony melts in his seat, hips helplessly thrusting up in his seat as the touch goes straight to his core.
It warms him, how Steve’s smile grows into something deeper, more lustful. He thinks of the way cats arch their backs into someone’s touch when Steve runs his hand through Tony's damp hair. Tony’s eyes flutter shut when those broad fingers squeeze the back of his neck. His lips part with a sigh when the gentlest of touches press against the nape of his neck. “Are you thinking of anything specific when looking at your naked husband?” Steve whispers.
The hefty amount of doubt in Steve’s eyes would be slightly insulting if Tony wasn’t already knee-deep in his heat. So instead, what Tony feels is an aching desire for Steve to believe. He wants Steve to understand, to realize how
be friends again at some point in the future. Sure the odds of that happening are the same as being struck by lightning, run over by a semi, run over by a herd of cattle, and then be struck by lightning
Steve bites his lip. Tony leans in to save that soft piece of flesh, going so far as to suckle on the swollen flesh gently to soothe any imagined aches.
If only she could find the energy to open her eyes. Or lift her hands. Ugh. Her limbs feel all noodle-y and weak. In fact, trying to screw up the strength to raise her hand makes her nausea make a comeback.
She trots across the room and takes a seat. As she pulls her books out, Tony asks, “Do you need help with your physics homework again?”
“Show me what you’ve got?”
Steve blinks. Tony watches his chest rise and fall in a steady rhythm before he nods firmly. “Okay.”
Tony had had
if such a thing were possible. Guilt-free, he can’t help but think.
It’s a flame that’s never really extinguished for him, his crush on Steve. It always flares up every time Steve’s single, various “what-if’s” and wild “maybe’s” stoke the fire on. His imagination tends to run wild imagining different scenarios in which they confess their feelings for each other and let biology take over. It’s particularly worse tonight because it’s a rare instance where Tony’s single as well. His omega-brain is preening with delight that
“We picked up this cell phone from a cell leader in Central Europe. The lab people haven’t been able to crack the code. It’s too complicated for them. Mind taking a look?”
“Yeah. Just... no public proposals. I couldn’t handle that.”
... then why did he... why didn’t he stop Strange? Why did he do all the things he did? Why stand against Steve? Why hurt him on purpose? You don’t do that to the people you love.
Heat rushes up his neck and into his cheeks. That was an unexpected declaration of intent. He knows it's
There’s a sudden stiffness in Tony’s voice when he says, “There’s nothing to talk about.”
How is that possible? But right after his admission, Steve’s hands land on Tony’s ass and squeeze. And the fact that Steve’s fingertips are
A heavy “meow” is his answer, which Steve is choosing to understand as yes. So he turns the light off with a murmured, “Good night.” and rolls over to face the other side. As he inhales deeply, Steve expects to hear the sound of Tony jumping off the bed and walking into his temporary cat bed. Because that’s where Tony’s supposed to be sleeping. In the morning, they're going to go back to figuring out how to help Tony return to normal. So imagine his surprise when he feels the mattress sink, small cat paws moving towards his body instead of away to the edge of the bed.
He understands where Sam is coming from, where that concern was birthed. But Steve’s not doing this. Not today, not tomorrow, not
Finally, he asks. “FRIDAY, where is everyone?”
Sam’s hand comes to rest on his shoulder. “Just give him time. He’ll come around.”
Kamala thinks in complete disbelief. They didn’t even notice her moving around?
Rhodey’s eyes sparkle with humor. The bastard is enjoying this too much.
“That goes for me too you know.” He pinches Tony’s side for the disbelieving scoff he gets. “Seriously. But I plan on making up for it.”
Once his brain goes down that avenue, his fantasies and desires, there’s no turning that car around. Tony’s mind spins scenarios out, one after another in succession. Steve bending him over the hood of his car and knotting him. Tony pushing Steve down on the elevator floor and sitting on Steve’s dick. He’s lying ass up in bed, getting his ass eaten out by Steve. Steve’s head is between his thighs, lips and tongue showing no mercy to Tony’s dick and front hole.
His mouth runs away from his brain, cackling merrily. “Your beard.”
At least, Tony’s committed to that end. And he’s pretty sure that Steve’s on the same page. Sure, it’s yet another thing that they need to talk about but that’s a conversation for the future. For now, Tony wants to get past this first date. And he hopes that his words will make the trio stop.
He doesn’t want to admit it but he knows he has to. Sighing deeply, Tony admits, “I told her I can’t see me and Steve being friends again.”
Smiling despite himself, Steve shakes his head. “I’m not talking about the eggs.”
hurts,” Tony helpfully clarifies. "Like it's breaking."
Tony shakes his head, pulling himself out of the memory and it’s tar-sticky fingers. If he falls into the moroseness that’s been clinging to him since his break-up then, well. It’s going to take him a while to crawl out of that hole. And this time, if Tony can help it, he’d prefer not to fall into that particular brand of sadness.
She shakes her head. “I’m glad you trusted me. It was just...” She shoots Tony a weak smile. “You guys are two of my favorite superheroes. I grew up seeing you guys fighting together. It just... it really sucks that you guys can’t be friends anymore.”
“I mean, kinda!” Steve argues, grin broadening. “I examined the evidence in front of me and figured out the most likely probabilities of events. And then...”
“Because I could have stopped it from happening and I didn’t.” Anguish drips from Tony’s every word. It crystallizes into a tear that hangs perilously on Tony’s lashes before falling. Steve’s heartaches in sympathy. With a wounded noise, he wipes the tear track away. Tony shakes his head and tries to take a step back but Steve follows. “I should have known. I should have
It takes
just Tony being kind? Steve’s not sure if his bruised heart will be able to take that.
it is!” Carol exclaims. “Since when have y- Wait,
“All for you,” he pants against Tony’s chin, meaning it so much more than he wants to admit because that’s it, isn’t it? So much of what he feels for Tony,
The question is a soft whisper but it ricochets inside Steve’s head with all the intensity of a cannon blast. “I don’t know,” Steve confesses.
, Tony’s brain purrs happily. His arms slip under Steve’s jacket, hands roaming as his lips seek out warm skin. He wants to taste Steve. Wants Steve to taste him in return.
It’s the fear that hits Steve like a sledgehammer to the chest. Their relationship has crossed the point of no return, hasn’t it? It’s something he’s known but there’s knowing and then there’s
that he has to let out in an exhale. But nope. It just gets stuck in his throat instead. It’s heavy and overwhelming and he has to try
“But you did it anyway.”
Hill nods approvingly when he gets his hard-light shield along with some guns. “I’ll send a team with you. They’ll be on standby around the Tower until you give them their orders. Just in case.”
“I’ll point out the obvious and say the Avengers already
“Fine,” Steve drawls. “You don’t need to
Steve sits down on the nearest bench and gestures with one hand for Tony to sit next to him. Tony meanwhile, sinks down, is drawing a blank as to what Steve wants to talk about.
that Tony’d laid on him before they'd left… what was it supposed to mean? Did it even mean anything? Was it meant to be comforting? Or had Tony meant it to be more? These are questions Steve needs answers too but he’s too scared to ask them. Because what if it
I propose to you.”
Hurrying forward with two fistfulls of forks and knives, Steve answers, “Nothing. I just. I uh… I don’t remember there being that much white in there before.”
“They
“Happy holidays to me,” Tony purrs in Steve’s ear as his hand strokes Steve’s dick. Up, a firm twist, back down and repeat.
He doesn’t realize that Steve’s been gently edging him towards a side door until they’re literally by the wall. Tony, who has distractedly been trying to figure out why he feels so hot, blinks at the door Steve’s holding open and asks, “Where we going?”
Leaning down, the blond started to pull out fresh ingredients from the fridge. Bacon, eggs, bread, cheese, mushrooms, and a variety of other vegetables. When he got a confused look thrown his way, Steve gave Tony a bright smile. “You can never go wrong with breakfast, no matter what time of the day.”
T’Challa waved his hand, dismissing Tony’s apology.
Tony had to withhold a laugh at the idea that their hiding place was underground, so much like when he had first taken his family into hiding.
“I think we need to start letting him do some of the things he used to do. He may not be able to make a suit, but give him something to do with his hands.” Bruce was suggesting, speaking almost like he was a professional psychiatrist. Would they really risk letting Tony get his hands on machines? He had to withhold a snort at the idea.
He opened his mouth to ask her what had happened but couldn’t stop the coughs that shook his body and sent shocking pain down chest.
“Get me the communicator, now!” He all but screamed.
“Вот где вы ошибаетесь,” came the hissed voice.
“I know,” Happy added. “And I’ll be right beside you.”
With one last, ugly sob, he sunk into darkness.
“Why?” Tony questioned. “Why aren’t you telling them? Aren’t you on their side?”
With a barely suppressed groan, Tony forced his eyes to slowly blink open. The lights had been dimmed so that they wouldn’t hurt his vision, and he was grateful for the forethought as the room spun in circles around him. There was a tightness to his chest he didn’t remember, and for a moment he thought someone was trying to take the Arc Reactor out again.
“Just leave it on the floor; I’ll grab it when I’m done!” He calls out to him, eyes focused on an open panel where he’s fixing wires that have come undone.
“He’s all healed, didn’t even feel a thing when they got them removed. We’re taking good care of our kid.” Steve added the last part, wondering if there would be any argument.
It wasn’t until his pillow moved under him that Tony realized that the soft mattress underneath him was actually a person. He couldn’t withhold a squeak of surprise, the person immediately chuckling at his reaction.
Tony had to get his hands rebandaged after the hug.
The teenagers head instantly popped up, looking too excited at the prospect of causing a little mayhem with the genius. “I know it’s childish, but I hear when you mix a few chemicals together, you can make this sort of crazy foam…”
T’Challa had settled himself on an armchair, looking less like a king and more like an exhausted twenty-something year old that had the world thrust upon his shoulders. Tony understood the feeling too well.
“The system will be up and running in five days,” Bucky drawled.
In his exhaustion he spoke, “I want to build a room for Bruce…. It’ll help him.”
“Don’t fuck with my kid!” Tony’s voice was loud as he watched the super soldier fly down, taken by surprise at the strength of the Iron Man suit the genius had built for himself.
What confused the genius even more, despite all the wounds having disappeared, he still couldn’t recall the exact details of how he had come to be standing in the room.
“Sir?” The A.I. questioned softly.
As if the animal understands his question, Goose stands and stretches. The feline turns to face the closed door before his jowls open in a yawn. At least, that’s what it looks like at first.
Everyone was laughing and the atmosphere turned into focusing on the moment.
Tony can’t hide the flinch, reminded of the movie marathons he used to have with Peter in the bunker. His heart sinks, thinking about the group that had been sent to the unknown city. Had they made it? Were they doing alright? Were they mad at him? Would they ever forgive him?
Tony squinted, and finally the swimming pool in his brain settled so that he could see through the waves into familiar brown eyes.
“When I saw you, I just knew we had to have you. We want to keep the promise we made, but we’re keeping it for you.” Rogers grinned. “You’re exactly what we need Tony, it’s why we’re keeping you. It might take a while to get you to see that we’re the only option, but we’ll take good care of you. When we learned that you’re not only kind and sweet but have a tendency to not take care of yourself, we knew we’d have to keep you.”
With a wicked grin on the blond’s face, she snatched up the widow bites and the bow and arrows, carrying everything over to the table in front of Tony. Without speaking a word, she immediately turned back and grabbed the rest of the gear, from Falcon’s wings to Bucky’s guns.
After all, in a few hours they would be separated again.
Before he’d gone, the man had called in a doctor to have his wrist looked at and re-bandaged, the stitches salvable despite the blood.  The blond had then put a wide restraint on both of his wrists and left only his damaged leg free to move. Tony wouldn’t be able to get off the bed.
Without warning Natasha had taken silent steps and put a bullet straight through the man’s temple. She didn’t even flinch as blood sprayed her body, the other technician letting out a shriek of fear at seeing his coworkers’ body fall to the ground.
For a moment the genius froze, thinking about all the nights where he had to sit with the former group. All the horror movies that had made him cuddle closer to Steve and Bucky, and the odd feeling that it would be strange not having someone to curl him up in their arms during a film.
“He had a heart attack, thanks to your little stunt.” Rhodey hissed, wanting to do nothing more than gauge the man’s eyes out with a rusty spoon. How could Rogers even start to sound concerned?
When he’d found Bucky, it was like everything was meant to be. When he’d seen Tony in person for the first time, he’d been sold. The two men had agreed upon one thing, they would find the genius and keep him away from the rest of the world, protected.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
It didn’t take long for the genius to sink into oblivion.
“I didn’t…” Tony paused, horrified to find that his eyes were tearing up. “I didn’t know… I-I thought they’d be dramas…” He was crying, there was no denying it. The emotional turmoil was overwhelming and Tony was grateful when he was moved to curl his face into the blond’s chest.
Cradling a palm over the back of Tony’s head, the soldier rocked him gently as his voice tried to shush him as the noise in the room died down. The sound of running water instantly sent Tony from sobbing to hysterical.
He pulled back, tearing himself away from Tony as he hurled across the room and crushed the communicator in one hand. Desperate brown eyes lifted to meet the genius’ face, who looked more forlorn as he stared at the horror written on the teen’s expression.
Without hesitation, Tony leaned down and lifted both Peter and Goose into his arms. “Besides, I’d like to spend some time alone with Peter.”
Instead, the monster pivoted and started down the hall, as if searching for something more. And Tony froze, realizing exactly what was happening and bringing Peter to a halt beside him. There was a time when he had trusted the scientist. He had told the man all about Jarvis, proud of his baby and not one to keep a brag to himself with an invention he was proud of.
Peter finally lifted his big brown eyes to look at Clint, arms crossing over his chest. He looked like a little businessman whom was about to make the deal of his life with the archer. “Hot dogs. A whole cake, and hot dogs.”
Carol let out a very unladylike snort, “it’s not a good plan. It’s a plan that’s ninety-nine percent guaranteed to work.”
“Yeah, but at least they’d get the hell out of Spook-ville!” Sam counters.
We managed to deactivate two of them, one went off. There was a family standing nearby… the mother survived with horrible scarring, everyone else perished.” Rogers paused, seeing the hesitation in Bucky as the man fed the genius.
With a sigh he used the wall to support his bad leg and moved slowly in the direction of where he had mapped out the dining room and kitchen. Maybe he could get into the lab and start to work on some upgrades of the machines, steal a few pieces for his own devices.
Natasha, having sat next to Clint, had moved the archer as a human shield, watching as the rest of the team was sprayed with bits and pieces of the little boy’s uneaten breakfast.
A few weeks had passed, and he hadn’t had the courage to tell Carol exactly what had happened that night. They had also stopped bringing up the subject of escape.
Tony didn’t want to fight, not now.
Jarvis, the Hulk, the craft lifting away. Peter had called him dad.
Peter giggled, immediately reaching for his own cookie and smiling wide as he clumsily dipped the treat into his own milk before practically devouring the whole thing.
Once the rescue group had exited the craft, the only people on board were Tony, the kid, and the pilot. Peter realized quickly that it made for a very quiet atmosphere, and opened his mouth to break it when Tony beat him to it, eyes never leaving the screens.
His shoulders drooped as the tension left him. In a few hours, the system would be up and running, and they’d be ready to go. In a few hours, they’d have everything the rebellion had tried to take away, and more.
“Don’t be an asshole,” he growled, crossing his arms and scowling at anyone that looked in their direction. His eyes taking in every detail he could possibly memorize as they moved.
“They’re coming… they traced the communicator.”
Both Tony and Peter groaned, throwing themselves onto their shared sofa at the thought of whatever romantic film they’d have to suffer through that night. Pepper rolled her eyes from where she sat, and Rhodey and Happy knew better than to show any sort of disagreement. May was sweet, but it was scary to get on her dark side.
While the reality was still that he was a prisoner, there were things that had started to become skewed in his brain. No one had ever taken care of Tony like the two men, doting on him and making sure his health was up to par. He rarely worked through a meal, and had a sleeping schedule that he’d never taken on before. His body, while having lost some of the muscle, had grown healthy and content with the new regime.
“I fell… and she... I mean… what…” Peter couldn’t form a sentence, finally free from Shuri, he threw himself to his feet like he had been on lava. “We started the transfer process Mr. King T’Challa, sir.”
The punishment had only stopped when she had left, and Tony was a blundering mess. Like Steve, the brunette had curled the genius to his chest with sweet promises of good things for better behavior.
There was something in the smile that set Tony on edge, but the man nodded his head after a moment of hesitation before Bucky started to push the chair after the group. It was a slow pace, as most of them were hobbling down the hall, but eventually they made it into the medical bay.
The fifth and final victim seemed to be the turning point for the genius. Unlike the first four, it was a younger woman. She walked in with her head held high and had the same fire that Tony had seen in Peter’s eyes, in his own eyes. Her face was dirty, her clothes slightly torn, but the cuffs seemed to be the only things keeping her from running forward and attacking Rogers.
The heart monitor was beeping faster, the sound grating on Tony’s nerves until he ripped it from his arm. There was a gasp from his left, but he ignored it in favor of meeting Roger’s eyes. The hand previously rubbing his back started to brace against his chest, the huffs of Tony’s breath audible.
It was amazing how such little time could be used so efficiently. Not that Tony had kept count, he’d lost track on the third day.
His rational thinking had disappeared, primal instincts to protect the scared child on the forefront.
Rubbing at his face, Tony groaned as he sat up. The alarm that sounded was only in his room, he’d become familiar with it. Generally, it meant something had broken down and Tony was the only one that could fix it. He wasn’t alarmed by the sound, it wasn’t the attack bell.
Tony was vaguely aware that his body started to shake, Peter lowering them both to their knees when his legs started to give out beneath him. He didn’t ever want to leave his kid again… his kid… that had called him dad. But what if he didn’t have a choice? What if they found him again?
“I decided to see what was going on, because I knew they were using our weapons. Instead, I find out that Platypus was in charge of sending weekly newsletters to the different bases around the world about what was going on.” He snickered, remembering the scolding he’d received from his friend for what he’d done.
With a sigh Tony sets down his tools and rolls out, unable to hide the annoyed look on his face. He’s glad that Bucky only seems to find it endearing, smiling from ear to ear as he holds out a huge sandwich he’s made for the brunette.
“Daddy!” It was desperate, terrified.
Now, they sat in a small circle surrounding the pieces that Clint had poured out without any semblance of organization. Peter had immediately gotten everything into a pile with Natasha’s help, whom sat back and watched the interaction in amusement.
With narrowed eyes Tony opened his mouth to call the man out on his terrible, irritating acting, when he heard a very delighted shout.
“You designed this,” Rogers waves a hand over the thing. “When you were thirteen years old, you designed most of your weapons at that age.” The man had a look on his face that was a cross between admiration and anger.
“It’s Rogers, again.”
When the room comes back into focus, he finds himself staring into compassionate green eyes. Similar eyes to the girl whom Steve had murdered when he’d first been taken.
“He’s right Clint. The instructions are specific on what piece goes where so that you can build the ship on the front of the box.” He spoke softly, trying to be the calm energy between the two turbulent ones beside him.
The two became a constant throughout the week, checking up on him. Bruce would often bring by science magazines that he thought Tony hadn’t read yet, to keep him from ruining his genius on the television screen. Helen had been advising Bucky on what he could and couldn’t eat, raising his frustration level when he was denied red meat.
“You’ve done nothing wrong Tony. You’re making the best of your circumstances… we just… needed to help you a bit.” Jarvis turned them so that Tony was still wrapped against his side, but so they were both facing the older man across the counter.
The man had the nerve to look indignant, not enjoying the poke at his ego. “I am the best at this job, the only person that can beat me was Stark. He’s the reason this all happened, it’s his fault, not mine.”
“T’Challa,” he greeted rather breathlessly, moving into the room and finding his knees weak, letting himself collapse onto the loveseat.
But it wouldn’t happen, it couldn’t continue.
Tony spends most of the day going in and out of consciousness. At one point he wakes to find Helen Cho examining him, a stethoscope hanging from her ears as she presses the cool metal against his chest. He recognizes that she turns to speak to Rogers, whom is sitting on his other side and again running his hand through the genius’ hair. A habit that is becoming entirely too familiar to the man.
Right before Tony could toss himself from the side of the building, however, a hand grabbed onto his arm and refused to let go. And unlike most grips, this one was so tight that the armor groaned in warning as it started to bend in the hold.
When Peter leaned back, Tony let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. The intelligence was still gleaming brightly in the eyes of the child, recognition.
Without so much as a single word, the men split up, one would come up from the front, the other from the back.
Of course, it wasn’t as if he had disrespected T’Challa, for the other understood that Tony, while physically strong, was in a very delicate mental state. Whether the man agreed or not to the statement, would be an entirely different matter.
Using every ounce of willpower he could muster up, the genius blinked his eyes open to find the same dim lighting in the medical ward as before. He turned to his right to find Rhodey once again sitting at the computer monitor, although the typing was less furious as he scrolled through what was obviously news feeds. To his left, Pepper sat reading one of the books from the facilities library, her brow only slightly furrowed as she looked up to meet his gaze.
Immediately he started to eat the raw cookie, glad that it wasn’t the first time he’d tried to ingest raw cookie dough.
Bucky was moving forward, dodging wild machinery as he tried to reach the two, so he could help Steve pull the genius back inside. His metal arm was easily deflecting attacks from the computers hunting him, only slowing his trek enough that he hadn’t quite caught up to the two struggling men.
There was a shared moment of silence, both lost in their thoughts. The two seemingly replaying the events that had just happened and what they meant. Despite their efforts, the former Avengers were breaking through both their walls, and both had forgotten their true status in the home during the adventures in the backyard.
“I’m not wearing your shield on my chest, Steve. I’ll never hear the end of it from Clint,” he growled.
Two thin arms wrapped around his neck, and he found himself instantly returning the hug. “You made it! I didn’t think you’d ever get here!”
Explosions sounded from down the hall, people breaking into the facility for the first time since it had been built. There were a few reprimands, they didn’t want the building falling down on their heads, but beyond that no one spoke.
“But you didn’t have me,” Peter grinned, “so we twist them. You and I, we act like the dream family they want, and we twist them.  You nudge them, instead of hurting someone, why not… give them a jury? Instead of hunting down the rebellion, why not… reason with them instead?”
“Just because you have a suit, doesn’t mean you shouldn’t learn how to defend yourself,” Rhodey explained for what felt like the hundredth time to the annoyed genius.
Tony raised a brow, looking between the bundle of energy in his lap and the sugar bomb nearby. There was absolutely no way he was going to let the little boy eat the cake. Peter as a teenager was beyond energetic, he didn’t want to think what Peter as a toddler would be like with sugar in his system.
Bruce escorted him to the lab and spent several hours in his own corner as Tony tinkered with a microwave that Thor had managed to break. The man created settings for all kinds of foods, trying to keep his mind off the fact that there was a piece of him that could only linger in despair at the absence of the two soldiers.
“There’s nothing wrong with the coffee machine,” Bucky retorted, leaning against one of the tables.
There are several feet between the bed and all the doors. Someone placed a cozy looking loveseat against the wall. It looks comfortable, covered in almost as many cushions as the bed. A framed photo of an old Van Gogh painting hangs above it.
“But we wanted to see if we could find at least someone that you could… mentor? Raise?” Steve’s smile lit up his entire face as he spoke. Like whomever they had brought in would appease Tony’s need for Peter.
Tony took a sip immediately when he was handed the cup, legs moving so they could curl up near his chest as he stared at Steve whom had taken a seat on the side of the bed. He grinned at the thought of Peter bossing around the archer. There was still worry for the kid’s health, but if he was building Lego’s there was no way that anyone was doing anything bad to him.
Without hesitation the super soldier had shoved the thing back into his mouth, lips in a straight line as he glared at Tony. “If you spit it out, it’s going to stay in there longer. Thirty minutes, and we’ll see if you want to continue using that kind of language.”
---------------------------------------------
“When I first met you, I thought you were exactly as I was worried he’d turn out to be. But you’re not, you’re so much better.”
Taking a moment, Tony slowly started to realize that Steve was sitting on the bed in front of him. The man had stopped him from hurting anyone or himself, and the thought immediately reminded the genius that Peter had been with him.
“I won’t let them get him.” Rhodey spoke softly. “I will not let that man touch him.”
The barrier around the home was obviously magic, and last he had checked neither of them had the power to counter magic. If time was going to pass, why not use it to their advantage?
Sorry for the wait!!! Thank you so much for the kudos, bookmarks, comments! I promised I wouldn't abandon this story, and I wont! It's a shorter chapter, but more to hopefully come sooner! :) Thanks for sticking with me!
Both Bruce and Helen had come into the room to check him over, claiming that they were extremely worried that he would work himself up into another heart attack if they weren’t careful. Tony let them do as they pleased, although he kept a sharp eye out to make sure that they weren’t trying to put any strange drugs into his system. Not that he could do much, still finding himself exhausted.
“I’m not a child, I’m a prisoner.” Tony deadpanned.
“Well, yeah. It’s so I can adjust time. I have used a watch before old man,” she replied sarcastically.
“Okoye, protect Tony!” The king demanded, and one of the women who seemed more in charge of the group broke off to step in front of the very terrified genius.
He set the tray down on top of Tony’s lap, slowly moving so that he could rest his now free hand on the genius’ leg. “I brought some medicine for what I can only assume is a killer headache,” Bucky opened his metallic fingers, revealing two white pills. “You can have these once we get something in your stomach.”
Tony couldn’t stop the laughter that bubbled out of him. The kid’s hair was hanging in every which direction, his eyes half closed as he tried desperately to figure out what was going on. Seems like he wasn’t the only one that fell asleep during the film.
The team was there, but they had each other. And he was alone, like always.
The room silent as they gazed at each other, looking like they had just made up after a small argument, instead of something so monumental.
Shuri had turned her attention to protecting Spider-Man from oncoming arrows so he could focus his sole attention on the Falcon. It was obvious that both teenagers could handle defending themselves, but as a team they were doing wonders.
“If you need to puke, doll, go ahead.” The man spoke gently, metal arm rubbing Tony’s back.
“How to get out of here, I have a plan.” She smiled. “A fool proof one, with my powers and the suit you made.”
“Really, out of all the music you’d listen to, that’s what you choose?” The voice was snarky and a bit friendly, as if trying to gauge just what kind of mood Tony was in.
There was some trepidation beating just behind the emotion that kept his eyes anchored to the door. He knew that he shouldn’t miss the other male as badly as he did, but there was such a moment of vulnerability that all the genius wanted was to curl in the arms of the captain and not move again.
Let me know what you think! And once again, thank you for reading!
“Tony Stark,” she practically purred, an accent he couldn’t quite trace falling from her lips. “I’ve been looking for you.”
But you’re not Tony. You’re strong. And you will get away from them.
Glancing at each other, Tony watched as the two men once again had a silent conversation using just their eyes. For a moment, he was convinced that they wouldn’t even begin to answer him, but then the quiet communication ended and Steve leaned back on the sofa. He threw an arm over the back, almost brushing his fingers against Tony in comfort.
Within the blink of an eye, Loki was gone and Tony was alone in the workshop. The fog had cleared and the music continued to play as if nothing had ever happened.
Trying to focus on the feeling, the genius tried desperately to recount exactly what the details had been of his second kidnapping.
After the soldier had pulled the boy from the bath, the two men had decided that the kid needed to be completely covered so that he wouldn’t get sick after his dip. Peter was dressed in gray sweats, a plain shirt, and fuzzy colorful socks. Bucky had disappeared from the room only to return with a huge fluffy baby blue blanket that had obviously never been used.
“Did you just call me fat?” Tony mock gasped, a bit of the humor he had lost finally returning.
With a laugh at just how clumsy the child was, Clint reached forward and gently flicked his nose. The action sent Peter flying forward, face colliding with the man’s thigh as he chuckled at the reaction. However, before anyone could process what was happening, Peter’s angry cries turned into wicked sobs. His mouth opening wide as he all but screamed at the top of his lungs.
“I…” Should he admit that the fear was still there? Unconsciously he tightened his hand in Steve’s shirt, a silent answer to the softly posed question.
He threw a glance at Peter, opening his mouth to yell some sort of sassy retort before he was cut off by the child’s screeching voice.
T’Challa and Rhodey had quickly secured the chains to the craft before donning their fighting gear. And while Tony had obviously seen War Machine before, he’d never gotten a chance to peek at the feline based outfit that the king wore. It was amazing, seemingly glowing from an energy he couldn’t begin to identify.
Another plate had been put beside the woman, covered up to keep in the heat but obviously freshly made, just waiting to be eaten. Before Tony could make his own presence known, the assassin glanced up and nodded her head towards the plate.
Carol frowned, shrugging as she started the drill again. “I’ve had a lot of jobs, so developed some skills from that.” She pointed towards her arm, where Tony finally spotted a small red dot that looked irritated. So, he realized, they had inserted something into her.
Tony was alone.
“Comfy?” Steve inquired.
The genius had taken a guess that either they had left the building completely or were smart enough to pretend that nothing significant had happened. He was leaning towards the latter.
With a sigh she lifted the wrist where her watch rested gently on her skin, holding it out so that Tony could look at it. “Is this going to work?”
Rogers had left the room.
Stark men are made of iron.
Tony shrugged, settling down in the nearby chair to look up at the astonished girl in front of him. “But they won’t hurt me, and if they get their hands on you if your escape fails… they’ll hurt you.”
Seconds passed before Peter’s voice filtered from the speakers in the room. Unlike Tony, his aunt immediately started to lay into the teenager, imploring he turn and make his way back to the bunker.
“It’s not your fault kiddo,” Tony murmured softly.
“Pwomise?” Peter pulled back; his now red rimmed eyes still wet as he held up his pinky with a very serious expression on his tiny face.
“Yes,” the man smiled. “And when someone loves you, they don’t hurt you. They don’t imprison you. If they loved you, they’d let you go.” Edwin reiterated.
"All of life is a coming home. Salesmen, secretaries, coal miners, beekeepers, sword swallowers, all of us. All the restless hearts of the world, all trying to find a way home. It's hard to describe what I felt like then. Picture yourself walking for days in the driving snow; you don't even know you're walking in circles. The heaviness of your legs in the drifts, your shouts disappearing into the wind. How small you can feel, and how far away home can be. Home. The dictionary defines it as both a place of origin and a goal or destination. And the storm? The storm was all in my mind. Or as the poet Dante put it: In the middle of the journey of my life, I found myself in a dark wood, for I had lost the right path. Eventually I would find the right path, but in the most unlikely place." - Patch Adams
“I think I get to pick the film tonight,” May grinned.
A small form curled against his chest, and Tony didn’t even begin to think it was anyone but his kid. His warm, kind-hearted, loyal, wonderful kid.
So, is it finally over?
There was no warning as the door was suddenly blown off its hinges, wood splintering and flying everywhere. A few pieces hit Tony, embedded in his skin even as he threw his still bandaged wrist up to deflect the blows.
The thought of Peter getting taken was more frightening then being taken in by the men again. If he had to, Tony would easily throw himself in harm’s way if it meant protecting a kid that had officially referred to him as his father.
“You’re crazier than I thought!” He started again.
He looked around, trying to find the hose that someone had inevitably used to clean up the blood that had surely already been spilled. It was pristine, whomever had cleaned the room last had done an excellent job at hiding what exactly had gone on inside it.
“Jarvis, turn it off.” He ignored the waiver in his voice as the screen turned blank to show his own, pale reflection.
He felt a small pinch on his neck, an indication that whatever Bruce had tried to put into him earlier hadn’t been the only batch. Whatever it was, they had finally managed to get the drugs into his system. He could already feel it working, the cocktail of whatever they’d put into it already encouraging him to fall asleep.
“They de-aged you too,” Peter observed. He tilted his head to take in the arc reactor, knowing that it was an indication that they hadn’t made Tony so young that he would have forgotten his PTSD from his horrible experience in Afghanistan.
“You’re going to regret that.”
When he next opened his eyes, it was to find that he wasn’t alone in the bed. Instead of restraints, one large arm had wrapped around his waist to hold him securely down onto the mattress. He didn’t have any IV’s in his arms, but the oxygen mask was placed firmly on his face. His leg had been bandaged, and although he could feel a slight twinge of pain, they must have pumped him with some sort of drugs to keep the area numb.
Before Tony could process exactly what was going on, Peter had pulled back completely with only his hands holding onto the genius. He started to shake the man, his anger overpowering any feeling of relief.
Tony shook his head, “I can’t.” He looked up so that he was facing Peter. “Not yet, but I will. They won’t be able to fix this, but I can. I’ve done it once kid, I can do it again.”
With a curse that the genius had never thought he’d hear from the man, Steve grabbed a hold of Tony and swung them both out of the tub. He snatched the nearest towel and dried him off quickly, wrapping him in the thing as quickly as possible while murmuring apologies over and over again.
“Please, baby, stay.” Steve tried again, never letting his gaze drop from Tony’s brown eyes.
“You’re right, you don’t. My son and I are going to get his new pet settled. The two of you are going to get the supplies we need to keep a cat happy, since you have access to actually leave this place.”
“Go to sleep,” came a soft command. Tony found that he couldn’t resist the words and quickly sunk into the darkness.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How about a romantic,” she didn’t pause at the unison groans the words evoked, “comedy.”
Tony tried to blink his eyes, to make his surroundings focus. Was the ramp open? What?
There is adult content in this chapter, you have been warned.
When he received confused looks from the men and teenager around him, the genius shrugged. “I can almost guarantee they’re going to track any data related to this press conference. It’ll be like a homing beacon, he’s waiting for us to look it up.”
“No matter what’s happened, no matter what you did, what these people have done is wrong. You are not a part of their group, and I’ll do my damnest to break whatever programing they’ve put into you.”
Tony grinned, hands pulling away from the hold to wave in the air. “I found the one place on the planet that not even Roger’s people know exist! Well, not really anyway.”
“We figured… you know? You’d have an idea on what to build?” Steve shrugged.
(See the end of the chapter for
So first, thank you! Sincerely, your comments were absolutely uplifting and I'm really grateful for all of you that enjoy this story. Thank you for the comments, the kudos, the bookmarks, the subscriptions. This chapter is a little (by very little) shorter than the others, but I hope you enjoy it!
“He’s a cat, Pete.” Tony glanced down at the orange creature, the sound of a purr filling the room as Peter’s hand stroked his fur.
“Peter!” It was only because Pepper and Rhodey were ready for him, that Tony was quickly prevented from throwing himself from the bed. It was a good thing too, he was too weak to stand on his own.
“We got you back,” the man ignored Tony’s flinch as he rested his hand on his face, cupping his cheek with a soft smile. “And Loki made sure that you can’t leave again.”
He hears the end of a laugh as the radio starts again, “he won’t eat you Tones. Don’t worry.” Carol assures before her voice is replaced by Rhodey.
However, the kid used to have nightmares as bad as Tony, and they both suffered from insomnia when they lived together in the bunker. If Peter was asleep, Tony had every intention of not waking him up.
The teenager sputtered, frowning as he tried to come up with a better comeback than simply exhaling at Tony for offending him. Instead, movement on the porch caught his eye and Peter zoomed into their group as the front door of the house opened.
Peter, whom could easily imagine himself doing the same thing, had started to laugh softly along with the man he’d adopted as his father. He could only hope that if things ever got cleared up, Tony would let him continue calling him by the title. The man hadn’t complained yet, so that was a good sign!
“How about I call you my cuddly minion?”
Is this what they thought would be sufficient punishment? Is this what they would do each time he didn’t act the way they wanted? If so, Tony was fine with it. He’d much rather be alone than to have to converse with any of the former heroes. Besides, he had suffered through so much more in Afghanistan.
The bags under his eyes had turned a dark shade of purple that looked almost painful. His movements were sluggish, and Bruce had at one point banned him from his lab when he’d accidently blown up a hair dryer he’d been working on for Natasha.
“What’s not my fault?” Peter tried again.
Blinking weary eyes open, Tony took in the smell of coffee and bacon wafting through the air. Peter’s messy brown locks the first thing in sight, resting gently on his chest as the boy in question breathed deeply in his sleep.
The blond reached forward, as if he were going to touch the kid’s face but paused when Peter whimpered and tried to inch away from the oncoming touch.
“Of course, kiddo,” Bucky agreed, leaning forward to sweep Peter into his arms with a gentle kiss planted right atop of his brown curls. “And Uncle Clint will get the food prepped because he offered to make it.” It was an order, not a suggestion.
“Rogers has had us trapped here for months. What did he think we were doing that entire time?” He looked up, the expression on his face frightening. “Does he actually think that I was twiddling my thumbs, with nothing to do?”
Instead of handing it to Tony right away, she took her seat beside him and held it out so that Tony could use both hands to grab a hold of the hot mug.
The third victim didn’t make a sound until the weapon had been used. Tony had shaken so terribly that Bucky had to bring them both back against the wall. He slouched so that they were seated, both facing the direction of the pile of goo that was slowly disappearing down the drain. But the genius hadn’t conceded, tried to struggle from the winter soldier’s grasp.
“We’re really happy your back Tony… really happy.” She smiled, before closing the door to give him some privacy.
Ripping the first door open, Tony was glad to find that it wasn’t a closet, but the corridor. Without hesitating, he threw himself into the hall to the startled sound of two armed guards. “Big green monster!” Tony screamed, already sprinting down the hall in the first direction his legs carried him.
“And at the rate he’s going, that’ll take a few months,” Bruce added with a sigh.
Peter pulled back from where he was pressed against Tony, looking up at his dad. The silent communication was clear, they had to play nice, they had to pretend that everything was okay. It was only with the acknowledgement that Peter seemed to know what he was doing, that Tony allowed his arms to drop from around the child.
Tony growled, literally let out the sound as he imagined all the things that had happened to Peter in the time he was under. How could he have allowed this to happen? This was his fault, they were after the kid because of him.
Natasha raised a brow, a characteristic that Tony wanted to smack right off her face. The tilt on the side of her mouth in amusement shot a sinking filling in the pit of his stomach.
Sure, the thing had a camouflage like he’d never seen in his lifetime, but that didn’t mean it wouldn’t leave an indentation wherever it landed.
“Shit like that follows you!” Tony replies without thinking.
He really was home.
The king leaned against one of the unopened containers, watching Tony explore their facility with a soft smile on his face.
He motioned towards the door, pressing a small button in a device in his ear that seemed to indicate a message to someone outside of the room.
With a soft smile Steve pulled back and grabbed a cup that Tony hadn’t noticed him carrying when he’d walked in the door. It brought a warm feeling when he realized it was coffee made specifically for him.
“You’ve still got a fever, and aren’t fully recovered from any of your current attacks.” Moving ever so slowly, the blond captured Tony’s wrists in one hand over his head, his other hand now free to move down and gently caress against the man’s face.
To his surprise, the door slid open without struggle. It took a moment to process that he didn’t have to fight to get out of the room, and Tony took a quick moment to look for guards outside the door.
“Manners,” Bucky admonished, although he didn’t hesitate to wrap the little boy up again into a nice bundle.
The room blurred as Tony threw on the clean clothing, forcing the pants past the stickiness of his wet skin as he desperately put himself together. He didn’t bother to dry his hair, to see if he had even put on the shirt correctly. Instead, Tony flew to the door that was logically the hallway and slammed it open, stopping to listen to the sounds of the house.
so badly. But he can understand. If Steve doesn’t want him touching himself, that clearly means Tony should be touching
“To be fair, that’s a DUM-E problem, not a you problem. Now come on,” Tony stuffs the cookie in his mouth before he slaps Steve’s back. “Wolk wif me. Lemme tea'ch you ho'a fix 'em w'en dis haffens nex' time.”
“Do... Tony. I think you’re in pre-heat.”
“A lot of people look at Tony like that.”
“I swear it felt like he was finding every excuse possible to die,” she’d said.
“That doesn’t mean I won’t help him when he’s in trouble,” Steve neatly argues around the point that Sam’s just made. Sam gives him a disappointed look but Steve ignores it and resumes talking towards the med-bay.
not expecting Tony to butt his head into Steve’s elbow and drag his face along the underside of Steve’s forearm. Confused, Steve raises his arm and asks, “What?”
If Tony’s totally honest, he feels super crummy about his last conversation with Kamala. He shouldn’t have unloaded on her. Thinking back on it, he wants to kick himself in the head for it. She’s said a couple of times that him, Steve, and Carol are her three favorite superheroes. Of course, it’s easy to forget that Kamala’s got a favorite superhero other than Carol but... God. he’d really messed up.
but not because of it’s cost. Rather because of how fucking
“They’re holding him in the medbay. Running tests to make sure the Enchantress’ spell didn’t have any complications and whatnot. Thor’s gone to track Enchantress. I think they said something about contacting Strange to see if there’s another way to break the spell.”
It takes Tony a couple of seconds to process the answer. And then, he scowls. “But
So he swallows, takes one last deep breath for good measure, gets ready to fight Tony, if it comes down to that, and steps through the closed doors.
Steve finishes tying the knot and kisses Tony’s hair. “Humor me.”
Sympathy wells up in Sam’s dark eyes when he asks, “You just felt rattled after running into Steve at the school?”
There’s the heat of Steve’s mouth pressing against his skin, his heart beating like crazy, the sweaty hot press of their bodies. Tony’s overwhelmed. He doesn’t realize he’s throwing one arm up to shield his eyes until he feels Steve nuzzling his way under, whispering, “Let me see you.”
Sam blinks in surprise, posture relaxing. “You...
Steve’s mind ticks off all the times Tony’s put himself in danger to save Steve. He remembers Tony saying that Captain America was more important than Iron Man and bites down a sigh. Steve hopes they can have a conversation about that later because Steve
! Holy
“You know what’s going on?”
Of course. “And what did you break?” Tony asks with all the gentleness he has because a sad Steve is the worst Steve, even more than when he cranks his mother hen-ness to 11.
Finally, after several minutes of chuckles, Steve set the genius on his feet, although he immediately followed the action by grabbing Tony’s hand and leading him down the hallway.
There was no hiding the yelp of surprise as gunshots rang out from behind him, hitting too close to home. A blinding pain shot through the back of his leg, but the adrenaline spike that came from hearing a familiar roar kept him from even feeling it for long.
It was strange, how it seemed to get brighter rather than darker as they moved. Not that Tony wasn’t ungrateful, if it remained enclosed and dark, he may have had a flashback to Afghanistan, and he knew that Carol and whomever they were meeting were likely not ready for it.
It looked like someone had taken the time to make it just for him, and there was no way the genius could ignore the grumble in his stomach as he reached forward and started to practically inhale the food.
And then Tony blinked again.
“Oh my God! Turn it down!” Clint howled, hands thrown over his ears.
Doctor Strange had disappeared, and Peter had claimed it was because the man had other people to tend to, and was constantly on the move as his magical trace could be found by Loki if he wasn’t careful.
“Tones,” Rogers almost whined, “you know what we want. We just want to keep you safe. Come to me, come home, and we’ll let the kid go.”
“Do you hear that, is he talking to himself?” Definitively a teenager.
---------------------
“Stark, I’ve been looking for you,” the man’s grin was anything but kind. Feral.
The little body pressed against his chest released a small whimper, two tiny hands gripping his shirt in fists as if afraid Tony would disappear.
When Peter’s crying turned into soft whimpers, Tony turned to glare at the two men once again.
It had been three months since the broadcast claiming a search for Tony Stark, but things had died down substantially when there had been rebels spotted in Russia. The Avengers had to put the search on hold, and things had gone quiet above ground while they dealt with the situation. It put everyone in the bunker at ease.
It wasn’t until the genius had made it into the doorway that he realized he could have run. If he were younger, it meant that the injuries that had slowed him down were gone.
Tony hadn’t seen the craft since he had awoken, so he was surprised when, after pressing a few buttons on the wall, the thing lifted from an underground storage area.
Clint grinned, moving into the room with ease now that the genius was aware of his presence. He made himself right at home, sprawling almost on top of the genius as he got on the bed, head resting on Tony’s stomach.
“What’s happening?” He wanted an award for his acting skills.
Turning in his seat, Tony raised a brow as Happy Hogan uncrossed his arms and ambled into the room. He mirrored the genius’ expression, taking a seat on the wooden coffee table in front of Tony.
“Gear?” He finally settled on the one word.
“What did I do?” Tony questioned for the tenth time, ignored again by Peter whose grin grew as the obvious shifting of the craft meant that they had landed.
Subtly, Wanda tilts her head in a gesture for Tony to look over her shoulder. When he does, the genius notices that the team has returned, and are trying desperately to break into the room. His eyes widen a fraction as he looks back at the girl. She won’t make it out alive if she pretends to be hurting him.
By the time morning came around Tony was more than happy to stumble out of the bed and into the dining room, finding that Bruce and Sam had taken the liberty of making him breakfast. He convinced the two of them that he needed to test out his coffee machine, and got away with drinking three separate cups before they caught on and restricted his access to the machine for his own health.
Wrinkling her nose, she pointed a finger at each of them. “But I can hold it off for fifteen minutes if both of you take a shower and change, you smell.”
-------------------
“Okay.” And then the com went silent.
“So you don’t participate? Don’t you have to train your giant green monster?” Tony raises a brow, sitting in his wheelchair as he peers into the large room beyond the glass window.
Frozen, trying to figure out whether to scream and risk waking the kid, or to simply faint again, Tony’s brain latched onto the first distraction it could.
Tony rolled his eyes, “if I make a watch, it adjusts itself. Don’t insult me with thinking you’d have to do it on your own. No, that button is to release a suit. Your suit, Captain Marvel.”
“After he sold your life to the Ten Rings, after he wanted to make sure you were dead.” Rogers scowled, continuing where his lover had left off. “You were in a dark cave for weeks, with nothing but a car battery keeping you alive! It was cold, in that cave, wasn’t it?”
Swiftly plonking down, Tony didn’t withhold a laugh when Peter cheered and escaped the blanket. His little socked feet stumbling onto the couch before he took a leap to test the bounce factor. “Woah!”
Instead of moving backward, Tony tried to move forward but was once again stopped by the hand on his shoulder. His cry of pain was followed by, “get in the craft!”
There was sparing moments in which the kid wouldn’t budge on his stubbornness and control, and that was when he was building his models. Of course, Tony couldn’t say much as he was basically the same. It was why he was picky with whom helped him with his creations.
“Jarvis… what if I… what if I do the wrong thing and people get hurt?” He asked.
The memories were swimming in the forefront of his mind, but whatever drugs he had been put on kept them just out of reach. He could hear someone furiously typing nearby and wondered what the hell had pissed them off that they were hitting the keys so hard.
The little boy paused as he held up a large gray piece, looking torn between finishing the ship right away or doing something nice for Tony. “Daddy has to get the first piece,” he negotiated again.
The two grinned and nodded at Bucky before disappearing down the hallway.
“Mr. Parker has been gone for approximately ten minutes, sir. He jammed my system so that I could not inform you of the revelation until now.” Jarvis explained.
Does he want to join them? No. He doesn’t want to sit with a group of people who are okay with torturing people. Tony’s tired but he hasn’t forgotten that they hurt people. But the alternative was sitting in the empty room, alone. Sure, he could turn on the television, but it could only keep his attention away from the memories for so long.
So... Peter's safe.... for now. And Tony now has a grounding factor in this whole mess. But will that be enough for them to get away? Hope you enjoyed this chapter, sorry for the heart attack from the last one ;) I'll post when I can!
“Marvelous?” She cut in sarcastically, brow raised, hands now free as they crossed over her chest in a defiant stance. Completely unamused.
While Tony had been thinking, Shuri had appeared in the hallway with a wide smile on her face. Peter was nowhere to be seen.
“Jarvis, your mission now is to make sure Peter and Rhodey don’t try to come back and do something foolish.” He explained, leaning against the bar as he took a sip of his scotch.
“I came for some more bows,” Clint explained, grinning as he examined the marks on Tony’s neck. “And I can see that you came, last night.” Before the blushing man could reply Steve took a hand and smacked the back of Clint’s head, hard.
With that, the man was carrying him out of the room and towards a bathroom separate from the one in their room. He figured Peter was likely getting the shards removed and then bathed by Bucky in the room, and they wanted to keep them apart.
Glad that he hadn’t jumped at the sudden appearance, Tony let himself fall back so that he was leaning back onto Bucky. The soldier wrapping his flesh arm around the man’s waist as the metal arm reached forward and turn the water off.
On the third night, both soldiers had appeared. The genius had complained, not wanting to have to be around the two men at the same time in such an intimate position. Steve had logically explained that while he was in a relationship with Bucky, they had every intention of taking Tony too. The genius had quickly begun to panic and had to be reassured that nothing would happen to him… yet.
“I am Iron Man!”
“Rhodes!” Tony breathes out, relaxing immediately. “We’re okay…”
“I’m sorry Aunt May,” he finally broke through her ranting. “I have to see him.”
When the genius was sure that they had reached flat ground, Tony spoke up again. “Steve Rogers, you put me down right the fuck now or I’m going to scream loud enough to wake everyone in this ridiculously large house.”
“Tony? Are you okay?” It was Steve, looking concerned as he cupped the man’s face.
When they had finished, Steve had looked at him, waited, and received a glare. The heat from the look would have been enough to melt metal if it had had the power, unfortunately it only caused the super soldier to call out again.
Standing slowly, he kept his attention on the man in front of him and hollered to the craft behind him, “go!” He screamed.
Bucky had a funny smile on his face, head tilted to the side as he watched the father and son combo settle at the table. Instead of answering Tony, the soldier pivoted on the spot and headed towards the grill where Bruce was starting to dish up hot dogs and hamburger patties.
True to his word, Rogers had only brought along the original team and no one else. True to his word, Tony appeared in the suit, alone.
He’d told Peter to keep running… and then everything had just, gone black.
Tony’s instant grin was huge. "Not barren."
The machines were slowly clearing up, revealing a massacre of broken parts. The Avengers were almost out of breath, completely taken by surprise at the stunt that had been pulled. They had expected Tony to fight, but to manage something so insane…
The tentacles retreat right back into the tiny creature. Goose, almost as if daring Tony to question his value, turns to face the two. He sits on his rump and licks a paw, starting to clean himself as if nothing bizarre had happened.
“Okay Golden Boy, whatever you choose next,” as the words left Tony’s mouth he instantly regretted them. A gleam in Steve’s blue eyes told him that it had all been a set-up, and he nearly rolled his eyes clearly out of his head when he saw the shirt.
Pulling back, Tony stared him directly in the eyes, mind half gone. “Please, please help me forget.” He curled a hand around Steve’s shirt. “I trust you.”
The archer had come up with the idea of setting up a gaming system in the room and had failed on multiple occasions to get the genius to play along with them. He’d tried every kind of game he could think of, but Tony refused claiming he’d never been into the thing. Again, he wouldn’t admit that it reminded him of Peter.
They had arrived that morning on the craft that had taken the rest of the family to Wakanda.
On instinct the genius turns and slams the half drained mug into Bucky’s chest, catching the soldier by surprise. The man slides back in shock, and watches as the genius jumps into the shards of broken glass and sprints past him and into the hallway.
“Peter’s okay, you know he is,” Steve cooed. “We just want him to get comfortable with us all.”
Hearing that his kid who couldn’t possibly bake had made him something that looked edible was enough to get the male to reach forward.
“We made this world better,” Steve argued. “We got rid of terrorists, of Hydra.”
“I can track him down!” The man wanted to save his own neck, and if begging meant saving it, he’d do it on his hands and knees. “I can do whatever you want, please! I’ll find him, I’ll make sure he never gets out again! Please!”
The genius freezes, “what?” He goes to speak but Peter jumps up, pointing at the door in urgency.
How did they know? It was confidential, not even the press had gotten wind of what he’d really experienced under his time with the terrorist group.
With another shake to the foundation, the door to the lab burst open as the Winter Soldier appeared, looking very much like the murderous man Hydra had originally made him to be. Gone was the spark of joy that Tony had quickly grown to like, replaced by a glint of something so dark that Tony knew he had to get out or he would regret his decision to attempt escaping.
Tony raised a brow in return, but it didn’t take him long to catch onto what she was saying. “Well, we should probably have a clear path, don’t you think?”
As far as Tony can remember (his memory is still fuzzy) the men had never tried to drug him with food. In fact, Bucky had always taken a weird pride in the things he could cook and had always left his stomach satisfied.  So, with a barely concealed grumble he reached forward and snagged the utensil, forcing a mouthful of eggs before looking at the brunette expectantly.
Tony ignores the endearment
Tony didn’t tell anyone, but he had nightmares. When he was younger they centered on his father, and then they had morphed into Afghanistan. He could still remember the darkness of the cave; how a place that was meant to be hotter than hell was so cold he could at times see his breath. After fighting Rogers, they had morphed into something worse.
Tony followed her through the house, past a staircase and a worn rug, warm pictures of happy people smiling on the wall. He even spotted the siblings in a few of the photos, but there were so many people that he didn’t attempt to keep count or pay close attention.
Steve Rogers grinned as he stretched, panting only slightly as he watched his long-time partner do the same beside him. They had returned from their travels only hours earlier and had decided to spar a bit in the gym that had been specifically created for them ages ago.
And the words were so true, and extremely ironic.
Tony figured that if he had to wait for the team to come back from the side of the building in which he didn’t have any access, then he’d at least enjoy himself. He set the bowl on the table in front of one of the sofas and flipped on the television.
“Peter, what’s going on?” May inquired gently, watching as Rhodey stepped forward and took Tony from the teenager to set the wheezing man on a nearby chair.
Another muffled giggle, followed by the claim that the robot would never attack his own creator. Tony left out the part where the machine was constantly adding things to his coffee that would kill him if he actually was dumb enough to drink it.
His arm is bleeding, and Tony can barely register that Jarvis has taken over the suit and started to shoot him up into the sky.
Carol never looked sick, just more and more pissed as the days continued to pass.
-----------------------------
Bucky chuckled, leaning so that he could meet Tony’s eyes from above him. “Maybe you can program those bots to help us out in battle, make some new ones for the training session?”
His hand fiddled with the trigger, a look crossing his face between disinterest and annoyance. The only sound in the room, a frantic typing of keys as the techs desperately tried to get the system online.
“The suit was made for you to escape, there was no plan for you to engage, sir.” The AI explained, using one of the small robots Tony had made for fun to attack the assassin and steer her off course.
The super soldier reached forward and pulled Tony into a bridal carry, ignoring the mild glare he received from the man. “Thanks Bruce, I’ll go get Tony cleaned up. We’ll see you at dinner, yeah?”
Seeing the distress coming from the older man, Peter curled his little fists into Tony’s shirt and allowed himself to be hugged, relaxing when the man’s chin rested softly on the top of his head. He’d deny the tears that fell down his own face, sniffling softly against the adopted father he had believed to have lost for a second time.
“Phrasing is everything, don’t you think?” Tony tilted his head, and with those words an army of Iron Man suits descended on the field.
Sensing that a panic attack was close to the surface, Shuri threw up her hands and waved them as if the subject weren’t important. “That’s okay! How about overseeing Jarvis’ transfer back to the Wakanda database?”
Tony hid the flinch well and found himself slightly glad when Steve led the way out of the kitchen without picking him up. He left the blanket pooled by the bar stool, the only evidence beyond the dishes of their morning argument.
The lab wasn’t exactly up to par with what Tony was used to, but they had also explained that as time passed they would let him build it up to what he wanted. There were several metal tables set throughout the room, with a variety of tools on each.
“I am Iron Man.”
“Finish your bath and we’ll go eat cookies,” the soldier suggested to the two, smiling gently as he placed the pile on the counter.
He jumped a bit when the oxygen mask was placed over his nose and mouth again, the blond looking like he was having the time of his life.
The morning had been a little easier, with Tony awake and chattering as he had begun to do so around the group. Of course, it lacked his usual cursing.
So let me know what you think! You guys give me some great ideas! :)
Knowing that caution had kept him alive in some situations, Tony pressed the com and spoke gently to Rhodey. “We have movement to the north of the house. Could be something, could be nothing, start moving faster Platypus.”
Two hands plunked underneath the kid’s arms, throwing him into the air with an excited shriek before Bucky landed next to Tony, catching Peter as if he had been doing it his whole life. It was a little disconcerting, how someone so terrible could be so good at treating a child like he was precious.
He man smiled, his face was kind. “I’m Pietro, nice to finally meet you Tony.”
One more bang, and the heavy metal door that had been reinforced for the safety of the rebellion flew across the room. It landed with a resounding thud against the far wall, although no one noticed as figures rushed into the room.
“You as well, sir. And do keep an eye on the princess and your son, they get along like a house on fire.” If it was possible for an AI to sound amused, then Jarvis’ intonation was definitively that.
“You are not!” Tony protested before anyone could continue. “If they even catch a glimpse of you, then it’s over.”
Peter cried, but the genius merely watched as the faceplate flew down and trapped the teenager within. He turned back towards the other side of the field, watching as Rogers started to move forward with the Winter Soldier at his side.
Clint’s smile grew, “excellent.”
Before Steve could attempt to grab him, stop him from getting away, the suit fell back into the others, disappearing again.
The bundle of energy created from finding Tony nearby bounced from the room, disappearing into the hallway with a chirped ‘excuse me’ at Pepper.
Tony’s brows furrow, trying to understand exactly what the blond is implying. “You were… captured on purpose? Why?”
Tony’s growing fondness for Captain Marvel both warmed and worried him. Warmed him, because he knew that her affection did not come with a cost, and she truly did have traits that reminded him of his family. And worried, because even he could admit that life had turned extremely confusing since her arrival.
It’s only when the family starts to really experience what Tony can only guess is a demon that he starts to pay attention to the screen. The plate is gently lifted away from his lap, and Bucky disappears for a moment before he’s back, casually wrapping an arm around the back of the sofa. Steve puts the blanket back to its original position.
“Tony’s got a nasty leg wound,” Steve answered for him. “It’ll need to heal before we even start talking about going outside the building.”
Steve sauntered across the room, smiling as he wrapped an arm around the hunch genius and nuzzled his neck. “Care to turn the music down?” He grumbled softly.
With an undignified squeal, Tony was lifted by the collar of his shirt and dragged into the bathroom. Bucky didn’t follow, turning to clean the mess that Tony had made with the dinner.
At twenty-two, people realized that the hero that had appeared several times, only known as Iron Man, was Tony Stark. His persona outside of the uniform did not change.
“I have never met such pompous people in my entire life,” the small voice of the child filled the room, intelligence gleaming from every word.
(See the end of the chapter for
It seemed Carol knew that Tony needed time to process exactly what had happened and chose not to speak. After all, he had just escaped what had been months of psychological torture. It would take more than a few hours to heal.
Peter groaned, lifting a hand to his temple like Tony had committed the world’s worst crime. “You can’t say stuff like that!”
Tony groaned, not sure if it was from the fact that Peter was back to calling him by the dreaded title, or that the bed had hit the ground and he’d unwittingly smacked the wounded arm down on the mattress when he’d turned to look at Peter.
He had to.
Whipping towards the door, Tony found tears in his own eyes, taking in the figure in the doorway.
With practiced ease, the two men rebandaged Tony’s wrist and leg, the movements quick and precise. In the span of two minutes Tony was placed back into the middle of the bed, the covers enveloping him in warmth.
“Alright,” Tony couldn’t believe he was grinning, grabbing the tools from Steve and starting towards the material. “I think we can do this.”
Bucky, upon seeing it, had known immediately that Tony had been involved and panicked, having thrown the beam from the top of his body away and sprinted towards the lab. There was no way Carol would have gotten the suit without the genius’ help.
Tony, having heard the sound, was on his feet, screaming. “Kid? Peter? Peter, what the hell is happening?”
The blond stepped around the prisoner, moving forward to run a gentle hand down Tony’s face. Barnes all but hugging him against his own chest so that he was trapped between the two men.
“You’ll get function back in about an hour Tony,” Bruce reassured. “We just don’t want you to have another heart attack, not when you’ve finally got your health back.”
It was dinnertime and the soldiers had yet to return from where they’d disappeared to. Without the two of them, Tony had pitched the idea of a Hulk room to Banner, and the other scientist had actually agreed that it could be a great idea.
“And whatever they put in you, it’s blocked those abilities?” He raised a brow, a look quickly becoming commonplace on his face.
“She was a little bit of a spitfire when we brought her in, older than your kid. But we had some help from Loki and now she’s about thirteen. Still a spitfire, but she’ll be able to work with you.” Steve explained, reaching over to grab the sleeping pill that Bucky had brought with him earlier.
The first night hadn’t been terrible. He’d already fallen asleep from the film and had barely budged when someone had pulled him into their arms once the film was over. In fact, Tony had curled into the warmth with a hum, ignoring all the warning signs as he took comfort in the person carrying him.
Peter nodded, his hands once more doing the grab hand motion as he tried to desperately reach out for the animal in the archer’s arms. Tony seemed startled, shaking his head almost immediately. “How about… no? What if it has some sort of disease?”
Focus.
Steve didn’t look happy, but he nodded his head and pivoted to grab a paper towel from the nearby counter. “Yeah, just give me a second sweetheart.”
The arms around Tony flexed for a moment, causing the genius to release a squeak as he finally looked up to glance at his rebandaged leg.
“Ah,” Tony added, eyes flicking back to watch the area. “But you did pee yourself, then?”
“Thank you Jarvis,” Tony sighed, looking around the room.
He let out a scream of frustration, ordering the team to find Tony, that he was in a suit.
“It’s way past dinner time,” Tony grumbled.
May and Pepper switched from coddling him, and throttling him for his decisions. Happy insisted he learn some new moves, and had used Rhodey to help set Tony through an exercise regime that wouldn’t put a strain on his injury. Peter had spent his entire day stuck to the man like glue, only letting Tony out of his sight when the man had to use the restroom.
The sound caught Steve’s attention, who frowned despite the genius’ good humor. He sighed and reached to his side, grabbing a small device from the nightstand.
Wanda let go of his hand, stepping back to join her brother. “And if you’re here, that means Carol sent you.”
The confusion written across T’Challa’s face would have been hilarious if Tony’s sole attention weren’t focused on Peter. How the kid’s face lit up as he tried to badly quote their favorite film, how the scene was so familiar to the two of them. Tony felt warm again, the feeling chasing away the fear that had temporarily sent him into a panic.
“You, on the other hand, got worse. The rain didn’t help with the state you were in, and you caught a cold on top of the attack.” She reached forward, running a hand through his hair. “You’re on bedrest for at least a week.”
“Kid?” He all but whispered.
“You stopped making weapons. You came up with clean solutions for energy. You helped people, and in return their hope touched you. Safety is just an illusion, safety keeps us from growing.”
Bucky was the one to lean forward, “come on doll, don’t say that. Like cooking, and dancing.” He nodded towards the blond, “Stevie can show him how to swim, to fight.”
Tony can’t bring himself to close his eyes, and although he doesn’t sit up like the two around him, it’s easy to tell that he’s not even attempting to sleep. His brain racing a mile a minute, trying to figure out his reaction from the unexpected affection he’d received throughout the day.
It took every ounce of will in Bucky’s body to keep the amused smile from lifting the corner of his lips, raising the metallic arm to wrap around the boy’s raised finger. He found himself unable to hide the smile when the little boy’s eyes widened drastically at the sight of the arm, as if it was one of the most fascinating things he’d ever seen.
“Don’t come near me!” Tony hissed, doing his best to keep the fact that his heart was threatening to spill from his throat, that his breath was getting harder to control. He was frightened, but the thought of Peter kept him on his feet.
Using the moment to his advantage, Tony reached forward and plucked Peter out of his seat and into his lap, laughter cutting off at the sight of the little boy’s bloodied hands. Ignoring how the child was covered in dripping oatmeal, Tony held up the hands to inspect them in better light, and winced when he noticed that not only had the shards from the plate cut up the kid’s hands, but that some of the wounds had started to heal over the shards.
He went to sleep alone that night, and the cold of the room haunted Tony. Curled up under the covers of the huge bed, he felt the emptiness that the absence of the two men left behind. It was strange, feeling a small pang of hurt in his chest at the idea that he’d be sleeping alone. He’d grown so used to their warmth.
SKYNET!
He was getting out of there.
Without any control of his actions, Tony sagged into the bed in relief. He couldn’t begin to imagine what would happen to the kid if he had been brought in. But that still begged the question, if they had been gone for so long, whom had they found that they thought Tony would be excited to see?
What would his family say if they saw him? What would Rhodey say?
Rogers was leaning casually up against a wall, his arms crossed in front of him like he hadn’t had a care in the world. Bucky Barnes sat on the ground beside him, flicking a knife up and down as if it were a ball. Just to the left, in front of them, Peter Parker was bound to a metal chair. His leg clearly broken, cheeks bruised, and tears streaming down his face as the gag in his mouth didn’t allow for the kid to talk. He kept his eyes squeezed tightly shut, as if the motion would prevent the reality of his situation from continuing. Natasha stood just to his side, smiling at the camera. She had been the one to answer the call.
Unlike a normal human being, Clint’s idea of rainy day films included every sort of horror film in existence. Bad films, good films, and all the films in between. He’d wanted to change the channel, but the screen had featured people being tortured and had thrown Tony right into a panic attack.
The kid didn’t want to leave his adopted father’s side, just the idea of never seeing Tony again filled him with anxiety. He loved his aunt, he loved the others, but the man had filled a hole in his heart that he had never expected anyone would be able to fill. One he hadn’t known existed until Tony had come along.
A hand seemed to move forward and squeeze his heart, and as Tony tried to veer his attention away from the screen there was no stopping the whimper as the room started to spin, closing in on him. He found himself unable to catch his breath, and soon enough the room was gone and nothing but the sounds of the group that had tortured him in the desert surrounded him.
Peter guffawed, “you cheated! You had cheat codes!”
So again, I hope this wasn't too confusing. I'm really excited to write the next chapter. I hope you liked it and continue reading! I'll try to update as much as I can, but I work a crazy job and life's hectic, so I'm trying!!!
“A whole chocolate cake just for you!” Clint nodded eagerly, moving away from the soldier nearby so that the man couldn’t punch him where his arm was already sore from Natasha’s earlier hit.
The man was quick to respond, throwing the shield onto its holster on his back and lifting Tony with a single arm to look him over for injuries. The mild fever alongside the run had left his skin pink and flushed; his lungs were desperately trying to get air and wouldn’t allow a word to pass as Tony stared at the soldier in fear. His calf on his lower leg, however, was a bloody red mess from where a bullet had obviously gone through it.
Shuri had ducked into the craft along with Peter, both teenagers coming out in their own fighting gear alongside the Dora Milaje that had formed a protective circle both around the king and the princess. Not that the two of them couldn’t seem to hold their own.
Hearing hysterical laughter from the table, Tony turned to glare at the archer. “I swear to god Barton, sleep with one eye open!”
A hand gently touched his face, but whatever they’d used to calm him down and prevent another heart attack was making the room swim. Or maybe delusional, he could have sworn he heard Peter chastising the king.
Pepper rolled her eyes, snatching the cup and moving towards the kitchen with a motion for Happy or May to follow her. Both did, looking rather comfortable and content.
Clenching the crutches he was finally allowed to use as they were no longer worried that the stitches wouldn’t hold, Tony wobbled as quickly as he could to his area of the lab. Carol was already there, moving to throw a chair directly across from him as if she sensed his unease.
The protests quickly start up, and Tony doesn’t speak as the team begins to bicker amongst each other on the film choices.
Steve had moved them both so quickly that there was no protest as the genius tried to get his baring’s. However, when the room came into focus and he heard running water, the panic was inevitable. Tony tried to claw at the man, tried to fight as the blond super soldier didn’t hesitate to sink him into the tub, clothes and all.
The genius moved to struggle, to be set free, but the movement jolted his wound and he let out a pained cry.
“You’ll be able to walk in a few hours,” Bucky pulled back with a grin, facing the genius.
“However, mom didn’t last long. She committed suicide five days later in the hospital.” He paused for only a moment, “Sometimes, people will do horrible things in the belief that they’re doing the right thing.”
“How about I help?” Natasha offered, “I’ll keep him by me and make sure he stays behaved.”
“No, Jarvis. I don’t want to put more lives in danger. Besides, not like I’m exactly fit at the moment to be making any getaways.” He waved a hand over himself. He hadn’t gotten much better since leaving medical, only improving on his breathing a bit and some of his strength. Beyond that, the fever was still prevalent, he still shook like a newborn, and he couldn’t stop coughing.
Tony knew that they had started to go a little stir crazy, but he had never expected Peter to step foot outside the bunker. At least, not without speaking to them first. He wondered if it had something to do with his birthday, had Tony done something wrong?
The sixth day had brought another movie night. Tony had been awarded that night for behaving throughout the day. He was handed a hamburger with fries, and a milkshake on the side. After practically inhaling the meal with a muttered ‘thank you,’ Tony had curled up on the couch against Steve.
