The incessant anxiety nagged Tony in the back of his mind. It was the voice that always made sure he knew that he wasn’t doing enough. That he should be doing more. He resolutely ignored it as he gave Steve his best attempt at a smile.
That was the crux of it all, wasn’t it? Steve wanted the world to know how important Tony was to him, but Tony kept blocking his attempts to talk about their relationship to the press. Everytime a question about his love life came up, he would open his mouth to answer only for Tony to divert their attention with one of his latest scandals. Reporters would shout loudly over each other for a chance to get the great Tony Stark’s comment on something controversial, and Steve’s responses would be dead on his lips. Tonight was going to be the end of it. Steve had made sure of his plan. It didn’t matter this time how much Tony tried to talk him out of it. The world would know about his feelings and his sexual orientation.
Tony was just making this up as he went along. Obviously this guy harbored deep loathing for him, so he had to tread carefully. He was too powerful to push too far, or Tony’d be dead in a heartbeat. Tony really wasn’t a fan of being tortured, but unless the Mandarin gets distracted, that may be the only thing Tony can expect until Steve shows up. At least he knows Steve will come, he always comes.
Tony was beginning to regret letting JARVIS have free reign to give advice. He used to only be allowed to give advice when asked, but Tony had removed the restrictions recently. It turns out that the AI has a lot of ideas about how Tony ran his life that he’d been silent on until now.
Peter shook his head and his face was red now. The tears finally began streaking down his cheeks. He knew Wade was never scared, and he wanted to be brave like him but he just wasn’t, okay? New York was huge and full of scary people who did horrible things. He would know, his parents had to fight the scary people all the time.
he finally said. He never felt a need to spell things out for Nat. He was just confident that she knew everything he meant behind the singular word.
Tony could do nothing but watch his friends suffer from his birds eye view. The Mandarin had them all falling apart at the seams in no time. He tried to shout at one point, to snap one of them out of it, but all that had gained him was a painful coughing fit and more blood loss. If Dr. Strange would just wake up, they may just have a chance, probably not Tony, but at least the rest of them. Steve was in a block of ice the Mandarin had formed, Clint wasn't doing a damn thing except looking bank and confused, Natasha was muttering about something but she looked torn between furious and terrified, Thor was broken over an imaginary Jane, and Bruce... Well Bruce was kneeling, naked on the ground holding an imaginary person in his arms and and sobbing.
Steve kissed Tony deeply, while unzipping Tony’s pants. He kissed a line down Tony’s abs as he pulled the rest of Tony’s clothing off. A growl tore through Tony’s throat as Steve kissed the tip of Tony’s penis, pinning Tony’s hips down when he tried to squirm. Steve then started kissing along Tony’s inner thigh, loving to see Tony need him the way Steve needed Tony.
Phil’s face fell slightly. He leaned in and gave a gentle, questioning kiss, not sure if this was what Clint wanted either. Clint returned it, but pulled back after a short time, looking down.
Tony had been a lousy patient but he always is, and  he wasn’t particularly worse than usual. In fact, he had been a little better than usual under Dr. Stein’s stern rules and that’s probably another reason SHIELD had wanted her. That’s not it either. It had been difficult to get to see Tony, they had only been allowed because they’re the Avengers. If Dr. Stein had been a different doctor, Steve might have had to wait. What was it she had said? Something about immediate family… That’s it. Why wasn’t Tony his husband? Why weren’t they married yet? What were they waiting on? They lead too dangerous of lives to wait around a long time to get married, and if Tony would have him, Steve certainly knew he wanted Tony for the rest of his life. There was no one else for him at this point.
Tony thought about that, realizing he had never spent this much time with just Clint before. What if they got sick of each other? What did Clint like to do? Tony assumed he probably enjoyed shooting things, knew he enjoyed video games but that wasn’t really possible out here…
Tony thought. Hopefully the others would be there any minute, or he was dead meat. He aimed a small missile at the back of Hulk’s head, and the minor explosion predictably did no damage, but sufficiently distracted him from the lab again.
There was no more Tony Stark. He was sadness, grief, regret, angst, emotional anguish incarnate. Far away, in another time, his knees hurt and his cheeks were wet with warm, sticky tears. Every painful memory of his regrets flashed before his eyes and they each felt like another sword through his center. The pain was unbearable, and he wished he’d just die already.
Tony watched his mouth open and shut a couple times. The tension seemed to leave Steve in a rush, and Steve looked like a puppet with its strings cut as he crumpled into the chair again. The sob that left him startled Tony into action.
he turned back and winked, just for the pure pleasure of seeing Steve’s blush travel down his neck. Tony knew from personal experience that that blush could, in fact, travel down quite far on Steve’s magnificent body. Steve glared, knowing full well that Tony enjoyed embarrassing Steve at all possible moments.
A single tear fell down his cheek. This couldn’t be real, she wouldn’t fall for this. He never came back good. He was always back to kill her, or to use her. If he was really back, then she wouldn’t know what to do.
None of this made any sense. He knew what she was now. He had been made into a weapon himself, several times over. They had fought to the death. What was he playing at?
Tony slept through a whole day. He didn’t even flinch when they inserted the IV to rehydrate him, and Steve gave him a simple wash with a cool washcloth. He desperately needed to eat, too, but they decided to let him sleep the initial soreness off. Literally going through Hell, Tony had still been through worse than this. Sleep was the best thing for him now, even if it was killing the team not to be able to talk to him. They could wait.
It came out too harsh. Tony felt like he was going to burst, this was stupid, everything was stupid. So he never played any games as a kid, so what? The stares he was getting reminded him too much of the stares of the other kids at school. The way people whispered to each other, or spoke loudly deliberately, about what a freak he was.
Phil gathered his things and left to go talk with Dr. Stein. He knew any minute now he’d get the call from Fury, telling him that of course Phil should already be explaining the terms of SHIELD employment to the poor healthcare workers that were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Although Phil was pretty sure Fury would say right place at the right time. His phone buzzed in his pocket as he left the building. Yep, there it was. He answered it with a curt,
Tony heard the lab doors slide open and knew it was Bruce from the sound of his gait. He continues to fiddle with the calculations in front of him for temperature detecting contact lenses, his new idea for Natasha. He figured if Bruce started lecturing him, he could just ignore him, or throw something at him. He did not expect a glass of ice water to appear at his side; only at the sight of it did he realize how thirsty he was. He snatched it up, quickly gulping down half of it before he remembered breathing was necessary and he had to gasp for air.
The increase in sound caused Clint to stir. Everyone froze, watching him groan, putting a hand to his wounded side, feeling the bandages, then letting his eyelids flutter open.
The idea had come to Tony in a dream, paradoxically. What if there was a drug that could keep you awake like a stimulant, but long term? Think about how much more time there’d be in a day to get things done! Human productivity, specifically his because most people liked sleeping for some reason, could skyrocket! ‘But, Mr. Stark, what about the negative side effects of sleep deprivation?’ one might ask. Well he had answers for that! Really, they didn’t call him a genius. Granted, running simulations to try and prepare for every scenario, it took Tony over two years to get the formulas down to only two alternating injections. And no, it didn’t work forever, that still killed the simulated people, but he could get people healthily staying awake for three to four months at a time with this! If it worked. Ideally, Tony would rather a one time administration with everything, but it was just too many chemical interactions. So this prototype had two, and he could take one every morning and alternate them.
Steve stood up at the sudden change in Tony’s body. He hadn’t even finished his scream before it had cut off into strangled gasping and coughing up blood. Steve could tell all of his ribs were broken, his chest sort of caving in the center. The wound in Tony’s side began bleeding faster, and all of his limbs laid unnaturally flat against the bed. The idea that every limb could have breaks was horrifying. Strange was working quickly in his periphery, but Tony was dying in agony in front of them.
She spoke conversationally, as though they were friends. Tony watched her with wide eyes, gasping when he could. He had stopped being able to produce tears a while ago. How long he had been here was impossible to determine, because for him it felt like a week.
No one spoke, and the silence felt suffocating to Steve. He had never noticed how much noise there usually was even when people weren’t talking. He should be hearing the stream of coffee brewing, the breathing sounds of his teammates, the light banter between Natasha and Clint that usually formed, the clinking of mugs being set back down on the counter… Steve was going to have a newfound gratefulness for the tiny sounds when this little exercise was over.
The next time Tony woke up, it was slow and warm. He liked it better than being shaken awake in agony. When he peeled his eyelids open, he saw two faces right above him. It startled him into full wakefulness,
he commented casually. Tony still felt the cold ache originating from his center, and he couldn’t resist squirming. He almost wished for the sharp pain of an open wound instead.
Maria had warned Tony when he was only seven. Without any explanation for her words,  his mother had turned out the lights and locked his door for the night. He was left alone to decipher the meaning.
Tony tried, his voice tinny with the face mask still down. He didn’t need the others to see his reactions anyway.
he agreed softly. Steve looked so relieved that Tony felt a little terrible about the way he had shouted at the man this morning. He had let stress give him a short fuse.
The all too familiar pain of the shrapnel in his chest was eating at him, but Tony held in the scream.
The story of how Tony and Clint went camping, just to try and find Bigfoot, and came back a little closer.
The Diggers voice was clear in Jessica’s ears. It made no sense given how thick this trap had to be to hold her in. It took a few more moments of the story for her to realize that she had small speakers in her ears. She pulled one out, but could hear her murderer regardless.
A weird feeling came over Tony. He didn’t no how else to describe it, though it wasn’t dissimilar to dissociating. He lurched to his feet, suddenly very afraid.
When Tony finally joined Steve in bed, he shuddered, letting the tears fall. Steve sat up, glad when JARVIS turned up the lights without being asked.
Steve scooped up Tony. This wasn’t the first time he thanked God Tony was small. Even with the serum, carrying all of this was work.
Steve guessed it took them about three hours to reach the riverbed. He kneeled to drink some water. The daylight was waning, and they needed to find somewhere to camp out for the night.
Kroshka = a Russian term of endearment, although the literal translation is something like 'little crumb'
Clint stood up a little too quickly and his chair clattered loudly as it tried to topple but regained its balance. The others gave him quick glances but no one said anything thankfully. Everyone was feeling off their game and Clint was sure he wasn't the only one desperate to get out of there.
The others took off at an alarming rate, out of the room in seconds, while Tony was still staring after them. He turned, looking at Bruce, who shrugged.
He punched the offending sheet of metal with his injured hand. The bruising pain released some of the tension thrumming through him. Staring at the dent he left, Tony decided it was time to take a break from this project.
he gasped, seeing Bruce’s face swimming in his vision. Tony could tell he was fading fast, and he wondered how much blood he’d lost while he’d been distracted by the damaged reactor. The sudden pressure on his wound, brought him sharply back to consciousness.
The office was cold. The armchair beneath him was lumpy. The questions were kept simple, thankfully; Frank wasn’t sure he could have processed anything more. His one word answers came across more like grunts than words, but Officer Storm took it all in stride. Maybe this wasn’t her first rodeo. If a man losing his whole family could be called a rodeo. Frank shuddered, a sob ripping through the numbness and thrusting him back into reality. They were
That… was not at all where Clint had thought this was going. He kind of thought they were going to get into a PTSD talk about the torture in Afghanistan, which Tony’s file was vague on but Clint knew it involved semi-drowning. The bastards hadn’t even waterboarded Tony, no, they literally held him down in barrels. The risk of actually drowning was real. But no, now that he thought about it, Clint had never seen Tony shirtless. He’d seen pictures of course, anyone with the internet could, but they were all from before the arc reactor. Clint wondered if all the women Tony had still had one night stands with after had seen him, or if he’d just kept his shirt on during sex.
Steve watched Iron Man land in the middle of the battle and something was very wrong. Tony wasn’t fighting he was just standing still, like he was waiting for something to happen.
Tony threw his head back in exasperation. He had just wanted some alone time with Steve before everyone showed up.
Phil could smell incense in the house, but it was wafting down from the second floor. It didn’t smell like any hallucinogens, but there was always the possibility it was being used to cover up an incriminating aroma. He wondered if Strange could already tell anything, or if they were all equally in the dark until this Meryll showed up. Initially, the girl at the door collecting money made him think this was probably a con, but when he thought about it further, teenagers making money off of newfound powers seemed just as likely as teenagers making money off of duping strangers. He was kind of hoping the night passed quickly because he and Clint had not had a night off, alone, in too long.
he said sadly, and he sounded so far away. He was no longer looking at Tony, but at the ghosts of his past.
The isolation with no view of the sun made it impossible to tell how long it had been since Ty had left. He wondered idly if the man was even still in the building, or if he’d just went home, confident in his own success. Tony kept nodding off for unknown lengths of time, which added to his disorientation. It was deeply worrying that he hadn’t urinated in a long time.
Tony looked down at the pages, scanning quickly. None of this made sense. He watched the compound blow up with his own eyes. He figured the ten rings would’ve fallen apart after that. Not to mention that he had hacked into the SHIELD mainframe and saw that they had made sure Raza was dead. He was in a building when it was blown up. Tony watched the footage over and over one night, just to be sure. This couldn’t be happening. He flipped the page and stopped breathing. There was a photograph of a man with the word
Bruce had to think through JARVIS’ lessons for a moment to understand what Clint was saying. He remembered that there was one sign that meant either ‘suppose’ or ‘what if’ depending on the context. There were actually a lot of signs that had multiple meanings. There had been a whole lesson on just those signs. Bruce signed YES in response to the question.
Steve called out, jogging after the man until he caught up with the waiter. Tony watched him go in confusion, but stayed where he was, not wanting to seem rude while he was still trapped in conversation with one of the major shareholders in his company.
Strange opened his eyes again, and they were glowing the blue of the portal. He poured more energy into it, and it stopped shrinking, but it did not grow back to a size people could fit through. The children in front of it turned to look at Clint, frightened.
Tony stayed on the couch in the entertainment room as the group left for bed, one by one. Steve gave him a look that silently begged him to go to bed before heading off himself, leaving Tony alone. He knew that he really should get some sleep, he hadn’t slept more than a couple of hours in a row for weeks. The problem was that as soon as he tried to lay down, the silence of his room in the darkness would fill with the musings of his self loathing.
It was hard to pinpoint when it started. Little troubles easily dismissed as bad luck or simple mistakes grew incrementally until the only logical conclusion was that something was wrong. Very wrong.
Tony woke up with a start. He was in a hospital bed, and Steve was watching him warily. He was tired, and had an IV in with a simple saline solution, but that was it. Clearly whatever had been causing his chest pain had been nothing, like he told Steve, but he couldn’t really blame the man for the precaution. Tony was hardly known for his stellar cardiac health.
Tony asked sharply from the doorway. They all turned sharply, obviously caught off guard. Tony shuffled forward and squinted at the light.
Sometimes Tony’s unwillingness to acknowledge the supernatural was too much for Steve. He didn’t blame them all for not buying the story immediately, although they had just seen plenty of proof, right? But Tony was pulling his usual magic is just science we don’t understand yet speech out, and it didn’t matter right now. As if to make Steve’s point for him Natasha suddenly awoke with a scream, flipping into the air and easily kicking their asses. Her already usually fast and fluid movements were faster now, and the supernatural aura about her was clear as day. How could the genius not see what was right in front of him?
He stood up to walk away and Tony didn’t know what to do. He felt like he should stop him, but what should he say? He stared after Steve’s retreating back and felt for some reason that it was crucial that he didn’t let him leave. Maybe it was the stuff Bruce said.
At least, Tony tried to say that, but nothing broke the silence. Tony tried again, but his voice was gone completely. His lips moved uselessly. Now that he thought about it, no one had spoken since Wanda’s shout. He looked around in confusion, meeting fearful gazes from his party guests. The only one who seemed unconcerned was Clint. In fact, he looked confusedly at the distressed expressions surrounding him.
Phil offered. He couldn’t remember who’s turn it was, but they both knew each other's’ hospital coffee preferences by now.
Alphonzo never saw him coming. Castle got his revenge with each piercing scream that no one else could hear. Every broken bone and every removed fingernail gave him a perverse satisfaction that didn’t come close to the joy his family had brought him, but it was better than the cold and lonely despair. When his family’s murderer was no longer breathing, Frank felt no remorse, though he knew Maria would have been horrified by him. It didn’t much matter what Maria saw in him anymore, did it? She was gone. Maria had made Frank human again, and now that she was dead, Frank would be the monster that had always been lurking within him.
The villain laughed darkly, gesturing with his right hand at the pile of suit parts. The red ring on his ring finger shot out a beam and Tony watched in horror as his suit just disintegrated. There went any chance at an escape plan. “What do I want from you? I want you to suffer.” He spat the last word and lifted his left hand with a thrust, the white ring on his thumb shining bright. Tony lifted off the ground as though someone had thrown him, but halted midair as the Mandarin swiped his hand towards the wall, where Tony was flung hard into a wall. He heard a suspicious crunch that was probably a few more of his unbroken ribs, the pain a sharp stabbing in his side even after the impact confirmed the suspicion.
Tony spun on his heel, making to head back towards the couch where Clint was engrossed in yet another video. The two had somehow ended up on the topic of Bigfoot towards the end of movie night, and had been arguing about it since. The world spun just a bit further than he expected, and Tony stumbled, landing half standing, half in Phil’s arms against his lap. He looked up and met the agent’s gaze and winked.
Everyone nodded and Steve shut down his emotional side again as he listened to Strange chant in some foreign language. The group was engulfed in an orange glow, with the light source coming from Dr. Strange himself. Steve blinked as the light reached the point of blinding then died down and they weren’t on the Helicarrier anymore, they were in a large room with lush carpeting and decorated walls. Everyone took a fighting stance without a second thought, looking around for the Mandarin and anyone else who may be waiting.
He stuck the needle into Tony’s left arm, and connected him to an IV bag, where Tony could see his blood beginning to drip into. He walked around to the other arm and began the same process.
Halfway through the third week, specifically day 18 of his experiment, Tony began to notice some undesirable side effects. Nothing worth halting the experiment, but they were notable. He felt sore all over and was a little hyperreactive. A small sound would cause his whole body to jump, and there were twitches here and there that sent his limbs flying into innocent objects.
Dracula sighed from across the room. He returned to Tony’s side with a metal cart of medical supplies.
he asked tentatively, suppressing a flinch when Bruce raised his hand. He knew Bruce would never hurt him.
Tony thought about that, giggling in response to Steve’s laughter. He felt warm and happy, and maybe he should just bask in that while he could.
Roderick Krupp whipped his head around in Jessica’s direction at the sound of the detectives’s voice on her phone. She muted it quickly, silently cursing herself. She darted across the gap between the groundskeeper shed and the nearest mausoleum.  Krupp continued down the pathway, peering around with squinted eyes. The lights weren’t as bright out here on the outskirts of the cemetery, where all the mausoleums stood like sentries. Jessica held her breath, hoping he would give up the search.
The rest of the interview went by in a blur for the two of them. Tony wanted nothing more than to get Steve out of those clothes so he could show him how much he really appreciated the proposal. While he wasn’t necessarily against jumping the man on TV, public indecency was frowned upon and whatnot. When they got home, Tony couldn’t even strip immediately like he wanted, because the Avengers were waiting with a banner and surprise party. Tony and Steve grinned their way through the congratulations, making sure they spent a proper amount of time enjoying the party, but they both just wanted to be alone.
Tony eyed him from the suit, hovering above one of the hissing ninjas. At least that’s what they seemed to be to him. What in the world was Steve on about in the middle of an attack?
It took a moment for Tony to realize he was falling, which was alarming in and of itself. The pain of his burned skin scraping against the wall as he started sliding downwards would've made him scream if he had the breath in him. He was free falling now and it felt like forever and instantaneous somehow, and when Tony slammed into the hard ground it was his right side that he landed on, and it felt like his rib cage just shattered.
Natasha asked. She took command quite well for someone that usually followed Cap’s orders, Tony thought. Though she used to work alone a lot, so she doesn’t need orders, he reminded himself. She probably only follows Cap out of respect.
The last part seemed to be Strange thinking aloud more than talking to his audience. Everyone fidgeted while the speaker stood in silent contemplation for a moment.
Dracula grinned, all teeth and glinting fangs. The growing rumble of his laughter echoed around Steve. The fear that filled him was the instinctual panic of cornered prey. Dracula was a blur as he suddenly lurched forward and grabbed hold of Steve.
Steve had screamed and ran towards Tony as he slid down the wall in slow motion. The hallway just kept stretching the distance between them, though. When the arc reactor’s light had flickered out and Tony let out a long dying breath, Steve had just crumpled, sobbing that he was sorry. Needless to say, he didn’t want to sleep any more right now.
Clint felt his voice rip through him against his will, and it hurt. He felt like he was gargling jagged stones, speaking to his mom.
So the sudden increase in drama in her life left her feeling raw. She felt like the wrong gentle breeze would set her off, and it kept her awake at night with worry, which had probably been the cause of her current migraine. She should’ve followed her gut tonight and begged out of the party invitation. Wanda knew she wasn’t feeling well this morning, and when Vision had had to go off on a mission and cancelled on the date, she should’ve cancelled on Tony. She had tried, she really had. But she had a soft spot for his big brown eyes.
Steve’s heart ached as he read the words, because he hadn’t protected Tony. He had failed miserably.
She pointed towards where Julie was coming through another set of doors as she shuffled away without another word.
Tony held up a hand to stop him. “Whoa, whoa, hold on a minute. JARVIS, turn on the news, if this was true, it would surely be on the news. The TV turned on to show a breaking news story about a mysterious plague making children fall into comas.
The woman in the crystal ball swirled and blurred, before morphing into a man Clint didn’t recognize.
Tony unwillingly flashed back to his mother helping him dress after he had been beaten up at school. He had tried so hard not to show any pain, because his father had yelled at him the previous time that Stark men don’t cry. She had held him afterwards while he cried silently, wishing he could be the man his father wanted.
It sounded too forcefully casual even to his own ears. Clint cursed his inability to lie well to Phil. Anyone else and they'd never tell if he was lying... Except maybe Natasha.
Dr. Strange said. He began leading the way down the street. The two SHIELD agents shared a look before following.
Something was amiss. Tony clearly thought he was hiding it well, but Steve could tell. His boyfriend was sweating profusely. He had caught the man grimacing and holding his head when he thought Steve wasn’t looking.
Now that he was closer, Natasha could see the details. The medallion matched the shade of gold that draped around Thor’s neck, and a snake was the only decoration.
Loki causing magical chaos in New York was a pretty typical occurrence nowadays. Thor said it’s because he gets bored in Asgard and thinks humans are entertaining. The Avengers were used to it by now. Usually Loki would show up, scare some people, give the Avengers a run for their money, then leave with a happy goodbye before he could be captured. He rarely even caused injuries anymore, so Steve thought of it as harmless fun that helped the team train.
A knot of dread was forming in his gut. Something was off. Frank knew he could trust his instincts, and they were screaming at him that Maria was in danger.
Steve asked finally. He had no idea how to take on a sorceress this powerful. Strange and Thor had both recognized her voice back in the Nightmare Realm, and had been clearly unhappy about it.
and his shaky voice gave him away. How did this go south so quickly? He stared at his hands, betrayed by his body yet again.
He started to walk around the lab, gathering things onto a table and moving things around, but Tony couldn’t see much from where he was seated. Tony did notice that they were in a very large and luxuriously decorated building, probably the Mandarin’s infamous mansion. He started thinking through how long it would probably take the Avengers to track him and how long he could last with this madman; the prognosis wasn’t looking great. The Mandarin came back around the corner, levitating a chair behind him and placing it beside Tony.
Clint begged, and that made Steve feel bad. Clint looked pained. This was all just so frustrating. Why couldn’t Tony trust his own lover?
Strange rushed to Tony and worked a quick spell to stop the fall but it was too late, all he could do was slow it down and lessen the impact somewhat. He hoped it was enough. He silently cursed himself for being so focused on the Mandarin that he forgot the magic pinning Tony would fail.
There had to be a way to catch MODOK off guard. He was so quick to calculate all the probabilities of when and where each of them would strike, acting accordingly. The AIM scientists were all rounded up, so all that was left was this monstrosity. Cap’s shield was easily deflected by MODOK’s hand and he quickly swerved to the side to avoid Hulk crashing down on top of him. He even fired a repulsor blast at the knife Black Widow threw, and Tony never saw anyone beat Natasha in a battle of reflexes.
He slapped his own ass when he said money-maker before spinning and winking at Steve overtly sexually as the elevator doors shut in front of him.
he moaned. He knew Steve needed to talk and the others would want to see him. Plus, Tony wanted to know how Steve had apparently watched him in hell and knew he was going to have some explaining to do about Morgana, but he couldn’t do any of that right now.
I love Tony and Clint together. I think their banter is hilarious, and my running headcanon that they are hyper-competitive and prank each other keeps me going sometimes. So, I decided they needed some alone time. Also 'Tony Talks' are now a part of my avengers family. Take that as you will.
So when Clint this morning went to brush his teeth, the plan was for him to go get his bag out of its hiding spot in the vents. What Clint didn’t know was that Tony had placed a trap for him there, that was motion sensitive. Clint wouldn’t know what hit him when the flex cage Tony had designed suddenly wraps around his body. If he managed to not scream as he was trapped, there was still more to the plan. Clint was afraid of spiders. It was a weakness Tony hadn’t taken advantage of in previous years because it felt like cheating, but after last year’s loss where Clint had used his fear of water against him, Tony was finished with mercy. The archer thought he hid the fear well, but he tensed up ever so slightly at the sight of a spider, and Tony had found footage from a CCTV camera outside a grocery store that showed the man screaming and freaking out when a spider landed on his arm. If Clint didn’t scream from the trap, Tony could activate a small door built into the wall of the vent where several spiders were currently very crowded in a tiny space. They would crawl out any chance they got.
The basement didn’t even have cameras, that’s how sure Tony was of its security. JARVIS was able to use infrared down there, but it had seemed like a waste of power to have full camera capabilities down there when only Tony could access it.
JARVIS said as they stepped into the elevator. Tony gave a thumb up as he couldn’t speak because he had already begun attacking Steve’s mouth, pushing him against the wall. Steve moaned and gently pushed Tony off of him.
Tony tried to glare at the grinning kid, but the lopsided smile slid onto his face without his permission. The kid was just so cute.
They had circled the table enough that now Bruce was in front of one of the two doors, and Tony was in front of the other but with the table in between.
The bitterness laced through his words. It did give them something in common, Tony knew it. He probably drank too much. But he never piloted the armour drunk, didn’t put others at risk, and that was good enough for him.
Steve stopped short. He jumped up and ran to the bathroom, making it to the toilet just in time to wretch.
This realization was what brought the memory of his mother’s words back. It had been a vague, and ultimately useless, warning that Tony would have to deal with whatever mess his parents left behind. Maria knew the things Howard did, both good and bad. For the sake of her sanity, she willingly looked the other way when she could, but she feared for her son’s future. She wanted to teach him to be better; to be a good mother who didn’t raise her son to become an alcoholic, abusive, war-profiteer. She really ached to do but right by Anthony Edward Stark, but she was weak.
He quirked a lopsided smile at his son. Peter was watching him carefully. He was enjoying the show, but he knew his dad well enough to know that Tony was only pretending to be blasé. His dad was going to tell him something important, and Peter would hang on every word like usual.
He looked up at the two of them, motioning for them to sit. Clint sat heavily into his chair. Strange remained standing. He gave Fury a look and Fury balked.
Frank stared at the hand, not really processing anything. What was he supposed to do with a hand? Oh. He reached out, allowing her to help him to his feet, shakily.
Tony picked up a glass orb with something that looked like an insect suspended inside, but it wasn’t an insect Tony was familiar with.
Tony responded, but it was too slurred to make heads or tails of. Steve frowned. Was he drugged? He didn’t have any wounds or bruises. Steve put his fingers to Tony’s neck, his pulse was weak and too fast. He was warm to the touch but there was no sweat and that was worrying. Scooping the light man into his arms, he broke into a sprint to get outside again. He was glad SHIELD had sent medical with him when they finally got the location out of Stone.
God, Tony hated cocky bastards like this one. He was the only one allowed to be this full of himself, and that was just a façade. The man turned on Tony suddenly, causing his cape to billow behind him.
Steve was clutching his legs, and there would be finger shaped bruises, but it kept him from throwing things.
As they pulled in front of the tower, Tony threw open the door and got out on his own before Steve could try and bring the wheelchair. He stalked off, ignoring Steve’s protests, wishing to just escape people for awhile. He was sick of their concern. Unfortunately, that backfired when they both had to wait for the elevator.
Tony was ready. It hadn’t been part of the plan to have a heart to heart that day, but it definitely worked in his favor. Clint’s guard was down more than usual. He seemed slightly less hypervigilant than usual around Tony, and it had to be a subconscious trust thing. Granted, slightly less hypervigilant from the great Hawkeye still meant very hypervigilant, but this was Tony’s best chance for revenge. Tony was going to break Clint’s winning streak in their scream contest this year if it killed him. Well, not literally. Probably.
Phil watched the debacle, amused. It took the genius and embarrassingly long amount of time to notice him sitting there at the bar.
...What was the point of having his amazing car collection if he didn’t get to drive them? A night alone on empty highways was peaceful.
Dr. Strange rarely admitted being wrong, but he wasn’t such a narcissist he couldn’t see when he was fairly disputed.
The dizzying relief at the lack of brain damage overshadowed the other information before Tony could truly analyze all of it. When he realized what all the doctor had said, his internal information sources came up short.
He finished his juice and stretched. He snagged the poptart out of Clint’s hand and took a large bite. At the archer’s squawk of disbelief, Tony shrugged with a crumby grin.
He stood to face the crew. If only Peter weren’t here, he’d make something meaningless up. But everyone had been so honest, and his son deserved the truth from him.
Tony didn’t fight it when Steve scooped him up and brought him back to the couch. He refused to move his face away from Steve’s chest, embarrassed.
he started trying to scoot himself over toward the tent with one leg, on his butt, and only the opposite arm to balance. It was stupid. Clint jumped up and was over to the tent in minutes.
Tony’s voice was husky with arousal. Steve allowed him to hold him down on the bed, just watching the smaller man kiss a line down his front before gasping in surprise when Tony nipped the inside of his thigh.
They waited tensely, taking down the creatures around them half-heartedly. With enough force, they were all pretty easy fights, but it would have been a lot for one person to handle. Strange had definitely made the right call to bring a team. Tony watched Strange gasp and start levitating upward, hands scrabbling at his neck like he was trying to breathe.
she huffed out a soft laugh. They sat there in a circle like that for a bit, and Clint had no idea how long it was before they heard the pop of Dr. Strange returning. They just basked in each other's quiet company while they worried for their teammates and tried not to think about how they had all kind of fallen apart in battle today. Needless to say they all had at least one more thing to fuel their nightmares.
He walked closer, lighting up the dark corner with his gauntlet. Now that he could see, it was definitely injured. The person, Tony decided, looked like an adult male humanoid, though in the repulsor’s light it was hard to tell if the skin was just sickly pale or a grey colour. He certainly had red blood with the way he had dried gashes and bloody bandages all over his body.
It's a song I learned for Columbus Children's Choir ages ago because we were going on tour in Hungary. We learned an English translation as well as the Hungarian, but it's near impossible to find the translation recorded. It's just stuck with me all these years, and it really is a Hungarian folk song, like Steve says.
Even without the weight of the suit, Steve watched Tony become drenched in sweat over the next hour. He was rubbing at his left arm and shoulder every few steps, too.
Warning for slightly homophobic comments. Also since Jimmy Kimmel is a real person, I want to stress that this work is entirely fictional and I use his name solely as a character within this work; nothing here is a real quote from him.
They made their way into the dining room, and Clint had to hold in a laugh. The large circular table had a gaudy purple cloth thrown over it with a gold paisley pattern. In the center was a large crystal ball nestled into a silver base. There were already four other people, seemingly two couples, sitting around the table chatting quietly and ignoring the entrance of the new comers. Clint counted the chairs. There was room for the Mystical Meryll to join them, along with her doorman, and one other guest. Now fully into the room, he could see the other first floor room was an entertainment room of sorts with a loveseat in front of a large TV setup and numerous game consoles with wires tangling from every direction. From where he stood, he could see the start of some shelves that housed both books and DVDs, and the edge of a ping pong table. How there was room in the crowded space to play ping pong was beyond him. Maybe they had to shove things around depending on the activity.
Phil turned sharply to look at his boyfriend. How did this woman know about his parents? What kind of shit did she think she was pulling? Either this was far more real than they had been prepared for or their cover was blown anyway. They needed to get out of here. Clint didn’t seem to notice Phil’s look, though. He was too busy staring at the orb, sweating bullets and forgetting to breathe.
Bruce was starting to really believe Tony had lost it. He looked down to do as he was asked but, he couldn’t.
He was starting to get dizzy from the blood loss. Strangely, he sort of hoped one of the bullets was still in him, if only because he wanted to know what alien metal could pierce the armor so easily. The first hit had been to his side, and he changed fighting strategy immediately, since he actually had to avoid bullets for once. His mysterious teammate was confined to the ground, so he provided air support, plus he could maneuver and avoid bullets easier while airborne.
Tony grunted in surprise when the vampire gripped his face, hard, forcing Tony to look directly into the camera. He held him there while he continued, the long sharp nails drawing blood from Tony’s cheeks.
Right. That was a thing now. Tony not only had to worry about shrapnel shredding his heart, he had to worry about his heart losing track of it’s job and going off the rails.
Steve snatched the box back up, slipping the ring onto Tony’s finger. When they were back in their seats, much closer together on the couch now, Tony actually looked at the ring for the first time. It was a simple silver ring with a blue stone the colour of Steve’s eyes. On close inspection, the band itself had an intricate design carved into it that made reminded Tony of a circuit board. It was too perfect, and Tony was grinning at it like a smitten schoolgirl when the band and applause indicated the end of the adbreak.
Clearly Norman had a hiding place that not even JARVIS knew about because if the stiffness in Tony’s muscles was anything to judge by, he had been unconscious for several hours.
Steve scrubbed his tears out of the way so he could get a proper look. He was already taking apart the suit, muscle memory taking over.
The screen had gone white and there was a touch screen keyboard at the bottom. There were lines quickly forming at the top.
Tony felt like each word took an eternity to form. He felt like he weighed a ton, and now he was lying prone. He could feel the arc reactor slowing its cycles, and the panic gave him the burst of energy to reach up and try to knock away the man’s hand.
Just then the doctor came through the door and any thoughts about Abram dissipated, leaving room only for worry.
Peter stood and faced his pops. Steve was prepared for a hug, but Peter didn’t hug him. Instead he grew very serious.
Peter said uncertainly when Wade began pulling him towards another neighborhood an hour later. Pops had been very particular about where they were allowed to trick-or-treat, but Wade did have a point. They were nearly finished with all of the houses on that path, and there was still another hour before they had to head back and meet his parents.
Tony’s voice was monotone. He was sick of this already, how long would he be here? Maybe he’d get lucky and pass out.
. Tony’s commentary on any movies about sentient humanoid robots, which he refused to call anything but androids, would always be entertaining. The anxious tension was clear in the room, though, as everyone counted down in their heads. Tony tried to get into the movie and ignore it all. If he let himself believe this, the shithead would have already won, right?
He pushed a sweaty strand of hair out of Steve’s face. Steve looked around and nodded, then groaned, grabbing his head.
When they arrived and stepped out of the limo, there were not only photographers, but reporters too. They stopped off to one side to answer a few questions before they got in.
She quickly washed her hands and left the room. Steve couldn’t blame her, but he shook his head. She still handled that amazingly. Steve was going to need to have a talk with Thor about touching without consent.
Steve and Bruce shrugged at each other before trailing after Tony. The man flung himself onto the couch glaring at the ceiling.
Tony knocked back the last of the first coffee pot and grabbed a mug. He could drink like the masses for the second.
It was when Tony placed his sixth empty champagne glass on a tray behind him that Steve realized what was bothering him. Out of the thirty or so roaming servers in the room, the same one always seemed to gravitate towards them. Tony had only come in contact with the one waiter, though he probably didn’t notice at all. At first, it could’ve been explained away by the staff having assigned areas of the room. By now, though, Steve and Tony had been all over the large hall, Tony being one of the main draws of the event. They had to talk to all the big SI contributors.
The waiter’s face showed a split-second of surprise before returning to the polite smile. Steve probably wouldn’t have caught it if it weren’t for Natasha’s training in microexpressions.
The woman clearly understood the issue before he had finished explaining, frowning deeply. She wrote down some more notes, a lot, actually, and the room descended into a tense silence.
That could not be a fun way to go. The panic settled quickly in his gut as Ty’s back began retreating. This was actually a good plan.
The reporters nearby had clearly not been prepared for such well thought out responses, and there was a small wave of confusion.
Steve met Peter’s tearful gaze and locked onto them. Peter had never been kept away from the reality of death and suffering. It was something Steve and Tony had agreed on before adopting the boy. He couldn’t have superheroes as parents and not be as prepared for the worst as one can be.
He let go and threw his hands up, exasperated when Tony didn’t seem convinced. He loved the man with all of his being, but it was a constant battle to keep the genius from helicopter parenting and smothering their son in protection.
Strange lifted his shirt and eyed the stab wound. It solidified his theory that this was a voodoo doll. It seemed an unnaturally cruel thing to do, to torture someone from afar. If one was going to stoop to dark magic to get money, they should at least have to hear their victim’s screams.
Most of them hadn’t slept well, and Tony not at all. Steve had never realized how much he likes the white noise of the tower when he was going to bed. It had already been difficult at first to adjust to falling asleep in the tower. Steve had still felt used to his tiny brooklyn apartment where he heard all the noise of New York through his thin walls. Stark tower had seemed deafeningly quiet in comparison. Turns out Steve didn’t know quiet at all until now.
He silently ticked through the possibilities in his head: irreparably damaged cardiac tissue, hypoxic brain damage, mitral regurgitation, atrial fibrillation…
He pulled the reactor out, making the decision for her. The addition of the familiar shrapnel in the heart pain was too much. He gasped with a whining noise. The arc reactor fell to the floor as his vision went black.
The restaurant was too hot. Tony was standing in the restroom for the second time already, trying to dry some of the sweat away with a paper towel. A headache was forming, and this had better not be his little experiment finally coming back to bite him in the ass. Things had been going so well! Tony felt his pulse, and it was a little fast for his liking. Right, well, they just wouldn’t get dessert, he decided. Tony could be home in no time and working out what to do with JARVIS without Steve needing to know anything was amiss.
YOU WANT PLAY FIGHT? Steve asked Natasha. He didn’t know if there was a sign for sparring, but he mouthed the words ‘Do you want to spar today?’ He was determined to try out as many of their usual activities as possible while trapped in the silence.
Maria Castiglione was the bane of Alphonzo’s existence. She had been starring in shows for too long, stealing the spotlight from his beloved Sasha, despite the fact that Sasha was clearly better. They just needed the rest of the world to see it. Even during Maria’s two pregnancies, she performed up until she started showing, then an understudy took her place for a short period of time. His perfect Sasha was still stuck in chorus and non-speaking roles. It was an embarrassment for them both. How was he supposed to maintain his status among the other men when his wife was a no-name. He had to do something.
Tony had no idea what this guy was talking about. Was he a telepath like Xavier? Or maybe one of his rings could read minds for him. Maybe he was bluffing. Tony could hardly think straight. Suddenly Tony’s head felt like it was going to split open and then he was in his bed at home screaming.
Tony could already feel the sharp metal where the suit was caving in stabbing into his sides. He screamed in agony for a moment before the Hulk stopped squeezing. Tony tried to speak, but his breathing was ragged and uneven.
Bruce cleaned his glasses nervously, not willing to look at Tony in case he was angry. This had been going so well…
Clint had to take a page out of Black Widow’s book and fight with a well placed knife because his arrows were useless against these things. Clint could fight nearly as well as Natasha, but the Black Widow program wasn’t a failure. Natasha Romanov had advantages over unmodified humans. She could move just that much faster, was just that much stronger.
he told Coulson, happy to change the subject from Tony in drag. Not even he had known he wanted that until the picture had popped into his head.
Tony’s vision had almost been occluded completely by the black splotches, that dissipated into a colourful static look before he could see normally again. He was gulping in air as soon as the invisible weight had lifted off his chest.
Clint exclaimed a bit too animatedly, causing him to bump Phil’s drink out of his hand. Phil leveled an irritated look at the archer, who scrambled away with a blush to replace the drink.
Strange was probing into both Meryll and Zelma’s minds. This was certainly not a hoax, but from what he was seeing, Meryll was no mutant either. Nor was her name Meryll. The young woman in question’s true name was Heather Douglas, not Maryll. While she was from California, a terran, her powers were developed far away on the planet Titan. She had psychic energy with a level of control beyond anything Strange had seen thus far in his life of sorcery, but she had no cause to put that energy towards. That was how she had come to making a living with simple séances and fortune telling. Perhaps with the right guidance, she could become a great protector for the realm.
Tony watched her move, examining the tech around him. It helped distract him from the pain. Dying out here would suck. The Avengers would probably never find out what had happened to him if he did. Tony had taken the armour out for a simple exploratory mission. When he was kidnapped by a passing ship, they had tampered with his communications immediately. He should have returned last week, so he was sure they were worried, but he was too far away to be tracked. Despite Thor’s claims, Tony didn’t think Heimdall could actually see everywhere. He could probably see everywhere within the nine realms, but that was only nine realms.
He cleaned his glasses on his shirt, not looking at the genius. He heard the sigh from Tony and everyone shifted in their seats, waiting.
Tony had plenty of childhood memories of watching his dad work. He knew how Howard talked to associates, how business was done. Tony was still doing his damnedest to be Howard when the fiasco in Afghanistan opened his eyes. Howard had left history stained in blood, and Tony had only continued to roll around in it. It should have been no surprise that he was so despised all the time. Not only did he have an uncanny resemblance to the man that made people who hate him by unconscious association, but Tony had done nothing to disprove the assumption that he would be another Howard.
They threw their arms around each other in excitement. This adventure hadn’t even gone as badly as their usual.
Steve had nearly passed out when Stone finally confessed where Tony was. It wasn’t a disappointed surrender to the situation. Tiberius Stone was bragging, as though he was confident Tony was already dead. The thought had robbed Steve of his breath. Natasha had had to catch him before he hit the ground as his knees gave out. Tony couldn’t be dead. He couldn’t.
Bruce sighed heavily, looking exhausted. They all were pretty tired, yet high strung because apparently there was a terrorist group after one of their own. Again.
Steve was having a really hard time focusing. They were sitting around the table listening to Dr. Strange talk, but it was all gibberish to be honest. Something about psionic abilities and magic rings that the Mandarin can amplify. No matter how hard Steve tried to pay attention to his words, his brain would tune out and Stange’s voice became muffled background noise to the ringing in Steve’s ears. He felt sick.
Good old lost in the woods trope here. And since it's me writing, someone will get hurt but everyone's okay in the end.
she singsonged the last bit before sticking out her tongue. She had probably begun hanging out with Clint. She backed off then, and he had some room to breathe and take stock of his body.
Steve didn’t really understand what a proxy server was, but didn’t care to question it. JARVIS had said he had information, hopefully from the battle.
Natasha commented calmly. She appeared thoughtful, like she was recalculating something in her head. Tony was never quite sure how the woman’s brain worked.
Having checked on that, Tony laid back in relief. Now that he had the chance to look at what else was going on in the room, he saw what Steve and Phil were doing.
This was definitely the worst headache Tony had ever experienced. He couldn’t think straight. He tried to lick his cracked lips, but it was useless. He had no more saliva. There was no way he could be sure that the crash he heard outside the door was real. He angled his head to look at the door. Holding his head up was too much work. The door swung open, or he hallucinated the door swinging open, and the hopefully real Steve was back-lit. He looked like an angel.
Natasha had taken command of the situation immediately, and Tony was grateful, because he was kind of distracted and Steve looked like he might be in shock.
The end was reached on the third floor, or the ground floor, given the two underground levels. Clint and Bruce flanked Steve on each side, Thor blocked any path outside of the room. They allowed Tony to be the one to finally catch him.
His eyes were so serious, and how was someone supposed to respond to praise like that? He was gone before Tony would’ve had a chance anyway.
Steve opened the door where Tony was still knocking. He smiled down at his handsome boyfriend, stealing a kiss. The aroma of his aftershave burned Steve’s nostrils a little. He loved it all the same. No matter how hard Tony tried, he’d always have the slight smell of metal and oil clinging to him that Steve loved.
Natasha nodded. She stole looks at Tony while she talked, taking stock of his state of mind. He seemed to be zoning out a little, but luckily not going into shock. He was tough for not having any military or SHIELD training whatsoever.
When Steve proposes to Tony, some of the homophobic Captain America fans come out of the woodwork with a lot to say. People do dangerous things when they fear what they don't understand, and apparently two men in love is just too spooky for them.
The sudden flurry of movement behind Steve startled both of the men playing cards. Steve managed to keep Tony from falling out of his bed when he tried to jump up, realized he was connected to too many things, and then got dizzy anyway.
Whatever had shocked him was yanked out of his side, where Tony hadn’t realized it had been stabbed between some ribs. He gasped at the sharp feeling of the unknown tool being extricated. The air stung the wound, and Tony could feel the warmth of blood running down his side. His breathing was ragged. Maybe he wouldn’t live to see next October, he though distantly.
he was saying, just as the Sorcerer Supreme reappeared in the room. Wanda and Doctor Strange both narrowed their eyes at him.
When the medics took him away, he stood rooted to the sidewalk, watching the ambulance leave. He had barely got a word in to tell the medics about Bruce giving them the information when they got there. His mouth felt like cotton. His head was buzzing and his ears were ringing.
Tony went straight for the elevator, looking back impatiently when Bruce walked too slowly for his liking.
For the next two strings of shows, Frank made sure to switch shifts with people so he could guard Maria, though. There was no harm in enjoying her company in a professional environment, right? The enjoyment even seemed to be mutual. Maria started inviting Frank into her dressing room, after she was dressed of course, and they talked about everything and nothing while she did her own hair and makeup. He asked once why there wasn’t someone to do it for her, he knew most divas had a crew for that sort of thing, but she told him she didn’t like other people touching her. The tone hinted something deeper behind the words, the way Frank told people he didn’t like loud noises. Maybe she could handle him after all.
Steve sat down at the counter, so Tony took his own seat warily. They ate in tense silence for several long minutes before Steve looked up at him again. He looked sad instead of angry.
was all she ground out before hanging up. She hardly felt like talking. Mrs. Marcus could get her bill in her email tomorrow.
he pulled the man down into a sloppy kiss. When Tony managed to separate them, Steve was proud of the dazed look on his face.
Steve’s voice brought Tony’s head around. The blond was sitting in the uncomfortable chair beside his bed. He looked exhausted, though Tony was sure he probably didn’t look much better.
He stood so heroically, it was easy to forget he was in a t-shirt and sweats instead of his armour and cape.
a male voice shouted, and suddenly Tony was crumpled on the ground, coughing and sore. The magic was no longer extending his pain though. Tony rolled around, to see the newcomer, and recognized Mephisto immediately. Next to him was a very unhappy looking Victor von Doom.
Tony rubbed at his head. Thor laughed his booming laugh. The sound always felt too loud in the enclosed kitchen, or indoors in general, really. Tony tried to hide the fact that it startled him by jumping up for more coffee.
The thrill of pleasure that ran down Tony’s spine at the praise from his master was wonderful. It was all so surreal. Tony wondered if this was what being controlled by Loki had been like for Clint and Selvig.
he said nonchalantly. He reached down and touched Tony’s arc reactor, which Tony normally would’ve flinched away from, but he was too weak and weighed down by the suit. Tony felt the spark of the arc reactor kick back on and his body jumped at the spark of its own accord. The pain slowly subsided and his breathing grew easier, but that was the longest he’d gone without the reactor, and right after a heart attack. He wasn’t so sure there wouldn’t be lasting damage.
Loki drawled. A brief look of disgust passed over his face before it returned to its usual smugness. Thor was standing behind him looking equally smug. Steve thought they looked more like brothers than enemies then, even if Loki had been adopted.
Steve always hated watching Tony get extubated. This was the 4th time he’d seen it. It always seemed like he was choking when he’d start coughing as the tube came up. He knew Dr. Stein knew what she was doing so he just sat through it as best he could. At least if Tony could breathe on his own, he’d be able to hear Tony’s voice again. Tony took the first shuddering breath on his own, and then another before they slowly evened out.
the condescending voice was familiar, and the visceral fear response Tony felt was overwhelming. That was Ultron. He thought they had finally gotten rid of Ultron. When will this stop haunting him and his tech? He didn’t hesitate as he activated the emergency latch to tumble out of the suit before Ultron could trap him there.
Tony only hummed in response, too focused on whatever the reporter was saying in front of him to actually listen to what Steve had asked. Steve couldn’t hear anything, so the captions must be on. He gave up and decided to make Tony some food anyway, since he likely hadn’t had anything besides coffee. If he didn’t eat it, Clint certainly always would, so it’d hardly go to waste. Tony let out a frustrated growl behind him.
Steve nodded. His pulse was a little fast, but that was to be expected. She walked over to the sink and filled a small plastic cup with water. The cabinet against the wall had extra blankets, so she pulled one out.
She smiled shyly. Steve let go of Tony’s hand and watched warily as she washed her hands then carefully scooted and turned Tony, propping Tony on a pillow so there was no actual pressure on his ribs, putting one underneath his right leg and between his arms like a Teddy bear. He relaxed when he noticed how gingerly she did everything. Even if Tony hadn’t been drugged, he wouldn’t have felt a thing. She bowed her head at him as she left the room.
Clint shrugged. DON’T SEE WHY WE CAN’T KEEP GOING, he grinned, dragging Coulson onto their makeshift dance floor. Clint signed towards the ceiling to turn the music back on. Coulson took his partner’s lead, dancing to the vibrations they could feel despite the silence. The party continued a bit awkwardly after that, everyone unsure of how the weekend would go. Bruce felt a little annoyed that Steve and Tony seemed to make a unilateral decision without anyone else’s input, but who was he to talk? They were the team leaders.
Tony spluttered a little, coughing before drinking some more to calm down. Clint hadn’t even noticed that he was drinking from a flask, and not his water bottle. He frowned.
domain. It was humiliating. He was the lord of all vampires and he had to work with humans to get rid of humans. When the war ended, the two allies parted ways, knowing the truce was finished.
Dr. Strange said grimly. No one responded, but they all knew the possibilities, if Tony was even alive.
Bruce was left standing next to the couch, alone. Someone should tell the others Tony’s thoughts. The team parents had clearly not thought about letting them know they had a lead. It was a testament to how tired they were; Steve always thought of everyone. Bruce could empathize, he needed a nap too. He headed towards the gym. Nat and Clint had mentioned sparring earlier, and Phil always pretended to do his paperwork in the gym while Clint sparred. He fooled no one. They all knew he was just watching Clint. Bruce imagined those two probably used to be as bad as Steve and Tony back when they first met, but the two SHIELD agents had been in a relationship for several years. The honeymoon period was long over.
When the alarm finally sounded, he was already in his uniform, sipping coffee in the kitchen. Everyone was on the flight deck within ten minutes, and Strange was directing everyone where to stand.
Mephisto turned to look at Tony on the ground. He shrugged with a very not apologetic at all expression.
The first several hours were perfect. The dashed lines passing him by and the focus he could put into just the feeling of driving was therapeutic. The slight buzzing of the engine underneath his fingertips reminded him of his teens, the good parts, when he could get away with long trips to nowhere to escape everything. There was no time for brooding or panic attacks when autopilot wasn’t an option, like in the suit, and driving helped keep Tony from drinking. He sighed, life was going pretty alright.
Tony took the information in. He hadn’t really read the situation incorrectly, just hadn’t accounted for the ability to drain a body instead of just tech. The whole thing was just so bizarre and yet normal for his life, he felt a semi-hysterical giggle bubble out of him. Steve looked confused and a little worried. Tony was so tired.
Natasha and Clint both gave one nod and walked out, presumably to prepare or something, Tony doesn’t know how these spy things work.
Suddenly wary that something was wrong with his teammate, Steve decided it was time to be done with this. He had a feeling Thor wouldn’t just let him bow out either. He leapt behind the god, and took action when Thor started to turn. He popped up to see Thor face to face with him. He had seen through the ploy.
An hour later they were still trying to kill off these annoyong AIM goons and MODOK. The underlings were easy enough to incapacitate, but there were quite a lot of them. Tony could not for the life of him understand why any of these people wanted to follow a murderous floating head/computer thing. Of course he understood the more complicated parts of what MODOK is and what his motivations are, but why would people keep joining AIM? They were just signing up to be MODOK’s slaves and sacrifices.
Tony let his head fall, resting his chin on his chest. It probably made breathing even harder, but he didn’t have the energy anymore to keep his head upright. At this angle, he could see the arc reactor flickering. It was not a comforting sight. With great effort, he leaned his head back so at least he wouldn’t have to watch himself die.
An impromptu movie night started, even though it was Sunday and their usual movie night was on Thursdays. The team all joined them under pretenses of wanting to watch
Loki obliged, glancing around at the others before resting wary eyes back on their host. His obnoxiously entitled brother and their friends were an embarrassment to stand next to.
When she stepped out of her dressing room, she found the guard with his eyes closed with a small smile tugging at his lips. As the echoes of her voice were still dying away, Maria fought the temptation to laugh.
Nothing. Tony wanted to pull his hair out. He didn’t even hear an ‘ew’! Not a single reaction out of his victim. Right, there was no choice but to investigate what had gone wrong. At least the pie plan would still happen next week. There was time to come up with more schemes before time was up. Tony crept around the corner, peering into the library. From the doorway, he could see Clint’s feet with his stupid purple socks, but not the rest of his prone body. The room was silent. Tony jumped into the room, maybe he’d get lucky and startle Clint himself.
Steve looked away from him at those words, his eyes filled with pain and Bruce wanted to scream. These two were ridiculously frustrating and it was a wonder the Other Guy didn’t come out all the time because of them. How could Steve not see that Tony needed him? Why does Tony always feel the need to push the people he needs away?
Tony yawned, trying to stifle it with his hand. Maybe they wouldn’t notice. He didn’t want to sleep yet. He needed to explain himself to Steve before the anger stewed. The last thing he wanted was Steve to sit here all night, mulling over exactly how angry he was at Tony.
Ty chuckled, and Tony had missed the sound. In a fairly lonely childhood with terrible parents, a friend like Ty was everything. Being wrapped in his arms used to feel like home in a way the Stark Mansion never could despite Jarvis’ best efforts. The sound cut off abruptly, and Tony watched the other man’s face suddenly snap into a cold glare, no trace of the previous mirth. The look seemed wrong on Ty. His eyes looked empty. Tony tried to quell the pang of sadness he felt for his kidnapper. What had the world done to him?
he responded, sporting his best Tony Stark smirk. He lifted Steve’s hand to his lips, pressing a shaky kiss to his knuckles.
he decided not to ask when the last time Steve slept was. As it is, he only just woke up from a couple hour nap; a nap that had only occurred because he passed out after hours at the shooting range.
she wrote. After assuring Sharlene that she would call when she found the man, Jessica escaped the drab motel for her car. She examined the map on her phone, noting places the missing man may have stopped between here and his home.
The small black box in his pocket brought Steve back to the present. He patted the lump, taking a deep breath. He was
Lisa announced firmly. After a short glaring match, Frank decided she had won. Best to let her have these wins when she was doing something good. He’d save his hardass routine for when she was trying to date a bad boy or something.
Steve begged. He was ready to pull his hair out in frustration. They had been watching in silence for the last week while Tony ran himself into the ground. He never seemed to sleep, he spent any time when he wasn’t fighting as an Avenger either in the lab or at SI. None of them had seen him consume anything other than coffee in days.
Natasha interrupted. Only someone who knew her well enough like Clint could hear the distress and shock at the name. To anyone else she was cool and collected.
He shouted. Some birds nearby fluttered away in surprise. Tony could hear his voice echo back to him, but there were no growls or anything, so he took that as a win. He shared a look with Steve before Steve pulled out a lighter and they ventured in.
Steve asked, Peter was rarely nervous to ask them for things by now. He had been living in the tower for two years now, Aunt May having supported the adoption wholeheartedly. She still got to remain in Peter’s life, and he got to live with parents a little more… suited to his needs. May was great, but not a superhero. Plus she had never wanted him to see her as his mom anyway. Just a cool aunt.
The hunched green man, who up close looked even more like a zombie more than a man, turned to snarl at her.
he murmured, taking the coffee and hunching around it while he held it with both hands. Phil sat down in a similar position across the room. Neither of them were normally big coffee drinkers, but it was always comforting to hold the warm cup in a cold hospital room, and drinking bad hospital coffee was almost a tradition.
He felt Tony nod into his stomach. His labored breathing set Steve on edge. What was he going to do if the man stopped breathing altogether? All of this was from a couple of spiders. Knowing Tony’s luck in particular, Steve would bet money that the effects of whatever venom this was probably wasn’t even supposed to be this severe. Tony was overworked, underfed, and already had breathing problems from the diminished lung capacity. Having a giant electromagnet in place of your sternum and taking of some of the pleural space would do that. It’s why Tony couldn’t ski anymore; the risk of altitude sickness was too high.
The others were wrapping up with Osborn and his henchmen. Steve made it to Tony’s side, panic only increasing at the sight before him. Tony’s eyes were wide and unseeing as he screamed in silence. His chest was heaving with ragged gasps. Steve ripped away the leather bounds tying him to the table. His body free, Tony writhed in obvious agony. Steve could see the bruises and swelling of broken bones, the seeping wound in his side, the mysterious capture still sticking out of the man, and the burns scattered across the olive skin, but not whatever invisible force seemed to be possessing Tony currently.
Tony scoffed. Given the myriad of instances Clint could cite where that was clearly not the case, he decided it was a pointless debate. He would never win it without one of the others to back him up.
Tony let out a long breath and dropped his face to his hands. He couldn’t let Steve see him like this, but if he stayed down here all night, Steve would figure it out anyway and come down.
Morgana breathed excitedly. Tony obviously couldn’t see what excited the madwoman, but the sudden pins and needles in his chest and the increasing difficulty in breathing gave him a pretty good clue.
Thor said, and his tone brooked no argument, so Phil only nodded in agreement. SHIELD really had no way of controlling Thor, so they just don't try.
Clint could feel the boy next to him clench his hand tightly in reaction to the voice. It was hard to think straight about what was happening. His heart was racing and he felt like the world was moving slowly through a fog. His mom actually apologized? She was sorry for something? The phrase had sounded foreign on her lips. Not that it was fair for Clint to judge the woman. His parents had died when he was so young, his only memories of them were coloured by his brother’s stories and his nightmares. Maybe his father hadn’t been as terrifying as Clint remembered. Although, he had to be something scary to cause such a young child to hide in the ceiling all the time.
By the time night had fallen, they had a nice fire going that made their cave feel cozy. Steve had a couple of meal replacement bars in his many pockets, so they didn’t have to hunt tonight. They agreed to eat only half of their bars, in case finding food tomorrow was harder than they expected. Both of the heroes were generally unworried. Despite Loki’s sureness that Tony would feel useless without tech or something, and the quite common assumption that he didn’t know how to rough it, Tony could handle the great outdoors just as well as anyone else. The only real threat other than bears or boars was boredom. Tony was used to having a computer available every waking moment, so he never needed to waste time without mental stimulation.
Tony explained calmly. Underneath the flat demeanor and fog of hypnotism, he was panicking. Not only had he never tried this, but it could possibly kill him, and it would be a slow agony if it did. But this was what Dracula wanted.
But Steve… Steve had a special way of making Tony feel like he could be good, like he was someone to be proud of. Tony still always managed to fuck it up. DUM-E rolled up and grabbed the whiskey bottle in his hand. He tried to tug it away from Tony.
Steve sighed. It was a fair question, especially if it was true that they had been calling for him for five minutes and he had been completely oblivious. But he also didn’t think he could stand to stay back while the rest of his team was in danger, nor could he not be there to try to save Tony.
Steve wiped tears from Tony’s cheeks. This was his worst hell. Watching Tony suffer with no way to help. He couldn’t even direct his fury at a face because he had no idea what this Mr. Doll looked like.
3%. They staggered forward together, but every step took so much effort. 0%. The suit shut down and Tony was trapped.
It was like it was planned, and maybe it was, Steve thought. This was a SI organized party afterall. The music shifted to a slow song, and it took Steve a until the vocals to realize it was.
Clint’s entry and exit wounds hastily cauterized, Tony had no choice but to leave him there and hope for the best.
Steve let go, immediately feeling the chill of no longer touching Tony, and went to get the baklava. Everything in his life was going so well. He finally had Tony to himself, after all that time where neither of them could admit to their feelings. He had a family in this era that cared about him. Coulson was back, so that grief was no longer hanging over all of their heads. He and Clint seemed happy, Bruce was no longer acting like he didn’t belong, Natasha actually joined them for movie nights, and Thor lived here on and off when he wasn’t off with
Straightening his tie in the mirror, day 21 of the experiment, Tony inspected his face one last time. His goatee was perfect today.
Natasha walked over and handed him the folder. Phil and Steve both looked like they were about to jump up and snatch it away but she made a stop motion with her hand behind her back that stilled them. She looked at Tony, demanding his eyes and when he was looking at her, she spoke again.
Her words alone sounded unfeeling and harsh, but Steve had been around her enough to hear what she wasn’t saying. The concern and the desire for him not to torture himself with imagined horrors. She probably knew what that was like.
What the hell was happening? Everything seemed like it had been going so well. This was all his fault; he should have pushed harder when Tony decided to come. Whatever had got him mildly ill had been bound to affect Tony severely, as little as Tony took care of himself on a normal day. But JARVIS had said he was okay…  If it was the same thing, why had it been a delayed reaction for Tony? He should have seen this coming.
Bruce said quietly. The hints of anger could be heard simmering beneath his tone. It was obvious he was ready to go Hulk soon, but he knew Hulk couldn’t sneak, he’d have to wait until the go ahead.
Clint, Natasha, Bruce, Pepper, Rhodey, Coulson, and Strange filed in behind Thor. Steve stood in surprise.
Loki replied snidely. She shot him a scathing look, but softened her expression when she saw his own. He actually looked vaguely apologetic.
It got the genius thinking. A lot of the games children played, at least from what he had learned second hand, were useful for team building and built physical skills for the real world. Even mentally, the games, like hide and seek, six flags, lazer tag, they seemed to build a good basis for tactical thinking. Tony had been thinking about adding another extension to the Maria Stark Foundation, but maybe under his own name finally, where he helped addicts and ex-convict learn the skills and build new networks to fit back into society. It seemed like the least he could do given the very broken rehabilitation system of the United States since he wasn’t willing to run for office. No matter what anyone said, it absolutely wasn’t a way of admitting his own addiction problems. Yeah. If he told himself that enough, he might even start believing it. Anyways, maybe his program could include games like this. He made sure JARVIS took note of the passing idea to remind him later.
Coulson spoke the same way he gave mission reports and debriefings. Clint was grinning at the man the entire time, snickering occasionally, and Phil was expertly ignoring the man.
Which leads into October. At midnight last night, Tony replaced all toothpaste in the tower with a different brand. Clint would naturally be suspicious, and instead of risking it, he’d go to his emergency disappearance bag that he thought Tony didn’t know about. It was honestly silly that anyone in the tower thought they could own something and Tony wouldn’t know about it. His personal AI ran the tower! Natasha had her own bag as well. They were well stocked with everything one might need if they suddenly needed to go off the grid. It was a good idea to have, and finding Clint’s had made him consider packing his own. He decided against it, deciding that he would be useless without being able to use any traceable tech, so going off grid would never be an option for him. Plus, he was much harder to disguise than Clint or Natasha. His face had been in the news his whole life.
So Wanda had tried to ignore the headache, which did feel somewhat better after a nap. The tower had been too much, though. There were loud noises everywhere, and strobe lights in some rooms, and fog machines blasting. With no Vision there to calm her down when things felt like too much, it had been a perfect storm to her raw nerves. Wanda flopped onto her bed with a loud sigh. She hoped they’d all forgive her later. She closed her eyes, and drifted off to sweet, sweet silence. Tomorrow she’d apologize.
his speech was slurred. That was worrisome. Tony was usually still very in control of his speech and posture when he was drunk, it came from decades of practice.
All the while Tony was dodging MODOK’s blasts. He knew he’d have trouble hitting him or outsmarting him. His only hope was to insult MODOK’s ego, because he was quite the angry megalomaniac. Unfortunately, the blasts were getting harder and harder to dodge as Tony slowly moved their fight towards 19th. He was short of breath and his shoulder was aching so badly it was radiating down his arm and into his chest. Was that his heart pounding in his ears? It was uneven, and he felt it.
He straightened a little, still leaning against the wall. He wasn’t sure how reasonable of a discussion this man was capable of; he seemed fairly delusional, but it could be an act.
Tony made his way up the tree, admittedly a little slower than Steve would’ve, but the burn in his muscles felt good. When he looked ahead, following the river from the new view, a slow smile crept across his face. They could definitely reach that city by nightfall. There’d be phones. They could be home tonight!
The alarms on the monitor started blaring before Tony started screaming. Dr. Nicholson looked taken aback by the violent reaction, but quickly recovered to hit a button that called the code blue.
The plan started to form itself, and Dracula smiled, sitting down on his throne. He would get his revenge and the Captain’s blood in one swoop. Steven Rogers’ mistake was in allowing the world to see his weakness. Kidnapping his precious lover would surely bring the Captain America to him willingly. And nothing would stop him from killing Tony anyway after the supersoldier gave himself up. They could die together, how romantic. The small chuckle grew into a hearty evil laugh that echoed through the halls.
Clint made sure the scientist was looking at him this time. I ASK SUPPOSE/WHAT IF YOU HAD TROUBLE SLEEPING?
he smiled sadly, a distant look in his eyes. Tony watched him with baited breath. Steve sometimes reminisced about WWII when he was feeling particularly vulnerable and loved.
He felt warm and fuzzy. His family was everything he could’ve wanted in life, and memories of trick-or-treating with Bucky had him nostalgic.
Tony watched as the archer lightly pushed the lamp into the vent, standing back when the trap activated. Then he saw the archer reach in and pull his arm out with a smile, looking at the crawling black dots on his arm. Before Tony saw himself walk in, Clint gently brushed off the spiders, and walked over to hide beside the doorway.
Steve followed the man silently to the kitchen. His frown deepened when Tony poured some Bailey’s in his coffee at six in the morning.
Steve found Tony in the lab, surrounded by holographic graphs and lists. He didn’t know how spinning in a chair and looking at all of them so quickly didn’t make his boyfriend dizzy. Steve felt dizzy just looking at him.
Steve ignored Tony’s hand this time when he tried to block Steve from grabbing him. He felt Tony twitch eagerly in his grasp as he watched Tony throw his head back with a moan. Tony’s sounds were always the best part for Steve. The man could make the most obscene noises, and it was the only time Steve could make him fumble his words. Steve reached into the drawer beside him, pulling out the lube.
Tony wasn’t prepared for the stranger looking back at him. Did he really look like that? His skin had a sickly grey to it, and he looked like he might faint at any moment. Okay, maybe they had a point.
Tony let the armor fold back into the suitcase so he could investigate his own damage. The dizziness was getting worse, so he plopped down completely, butt hitting the ground painfully.
Tony allowed himself a small smile at the reference in his command code. He really hoped this worked, and theoretically he could survive it, even. It was just untested and unstable.
The effect was immediate. Thor went still, looked around like he had just woken up. They watched him slowly take in his surroundings, the horrified look solidifying on his face.
to the tower, effectively waking up any Avenger who wasn’t already up. Tony just remained sitting on the floor, gaping at the doorway where Clint had left.
Natasha nodded, not willing to say it out loud. Bruce took off his glasses and began wiping them so he wouldn't have to make eye contact.
The armour’s clanky steps echoed around in the large chamber. Tony took a few steps off the elevator and called out,
The smoke cleared away to show the wall completely intact. The place where a gaping hole should be was clearly marked with burns, but beneath the black char was an undamaged wall that was clearly NOT the cement it looked like. Tony was fucked. He turned in time to avoid slamming into the wall, redirecting his course for the door. The Hulk’s fist met the wall where Tony had nearly crashed, and the wall cracked but did not crumble. What was this building made of!?
Behind them, the Hulk punched another, and it dissipated into a cloud of black smoke only to reform across the room.
