John ended the call for his voicemail.
"I won't! I promise!" The now 14-year-old girl beamed and jumped off her bed to crush John into a warm hug while shouting by his ear. "Thank you, thank you! This is the best gift that anyone has ever given me! I'll treasure this book as long as I live!"
"Shit, I didn't think about your parents, hun. My mind was on the hunt that my friend Pastor Jim called about earlier - "
Jesse shook his head. "That's the thing - Adam's soul seems to have never resided in his body during the torture of the Pit."
"I can do more than that, baby brother!"
Sam's eyes widened. "Do you think maybe he could free Adam's soul into Heaven?" He asked with hope. John sat up quickly with more hope than his son at the possibility.
Castiel shrugged. "She was probably cold due to the wind. It is the winter time still and her nipples had hardened underneath her tank top."
Before Dean could sit up from his spot on the bed, Sam burst through the open door of his bedroom. "DEAN! Sulli was trying to - WAIT WHAT IS THIS?! OH MY GOD!"
"Mommy, stop it!"
Jody sighed. "Yep, and she decided to study as a Classics Major to help you guys on hunts." She hugged both Dean and Castiel before following them down the stairs to greet the others.
Again, he
He found Castiel a few minutes later and smiled, walking over to him down the hallway into the 2nd library room (they found out there were several rooms in the Bunker that had nothing but books).
Sam cheered after hearing those words from his father. "I can be my own person for a whole semester in school! I won't have to be known as Dean's lame brother!" He cried out as he finished packing and ran out the door.
"...I guess it was easier to think he was still alive and a bit of an asshole to leave his family." John muttered to himself, though everyone in the car heard him. He knew they heard him.
Dean's face paled as he ran after the blonde woman. "MY BACON AND CHICKEN WINGS!"
The Piper Boy simply smiled and answered her as if she asked the questions aloud. "I'm you're Imaginary Friend. Everyone has one, but you're a Nephilim, which makes you special. I can be incorporated out of your dreams once you turn 18 because it's an adult age, though since this rarely occurs I cannot guarantee that I'd land in the right universe. My kind is a mix of a djinn and a Fae." He hopped up on the edge of her desk and crossed his skinny legs. Nikita couldn't help but notice the boy's figure hidden under his slightly baggy yet thin white buttoned shirt and denim blue jeans. She also noticed that the Piper Boy was barefoot.
The young 13 year old's head perked up from staring at the pale white walls and pinned her gaze at John silently.
Jesse gasped as he straightened his back posture instinctively, flashing his deep amber red eyes as shadows of sharper-pointed wings appeared behind him. Angie gasped and covered one hand over her mouth and grabbed Crowley's free hand with her other hand. Everyone else noticed this move and grinned at the demon, who bristled at the reactions and tried to ignore the rest of the people in the room. "Well, shall we head on, children? I will be at a distance and will be one summoning away if need be," Crowley informed the young teenagers.
"Sammy, what the hell?!"
Dean loves his job so much that he couldn't help but genuinely smile at customers, which resulted in them giving him extra tips, which were more than what he would normally get from any kind of work by flirting with customers in the past.
"Hedonism?!"
The archangel suddenly heard a ping from his cellphone, indicating a text message. He looked over his phone to open the message and his eyes widened dramatically.
"EVERYBODY OUT OF THE DAMN DORM! NOW!"
John thought to himself with a devastating hypothesis that most likely may have been true.
Dean merely raised an eyebrow as Castiel woke up grumbling behind him, slowly sitting up and pulling at Dean's waist to sit up with him. "Please stop yelling, Sam. Dean and I were trying to sleep after last night's copulation."
"Cas, I'm sure Dean doesn't care whether or not you make the pie, so long as there
He still loves his one-track minded father, who is stern and strict most of the time but he has decent intentions.
Dean laughed carelessly and pulled the angel close against his body. Yeah, life was now good for the hunter so far.
"Four," Castiel raised an eyebrow at Gabriel. "I don't know how you put a rocket launcher on the roof of this building without people noticing, but it was there and people noticed."
I know that Piper Boy & Dreaming Child title is a bit weird considering the story so far has nothing to do with the title, but don't worry! I'm getting to that part soon. ;) Please do enjoy this chapter!
"So long as you have my approval." John interrupted. "If you're interested in someone I have to check them out in case they have other motives."
"Yeah?"
With the uncomfortable way they dressed, it was not what John was angry at.
John glared at the hood of the car as if he could see through it and see his son. "Your brother deserves to know what could have been."
As soon as Nikki pulled Abby out of the room, she and Jesse shut the door tightly, hearing Abby's mother yell profanities at them from behind. Abby backed away from them slightly to get a good look at herself. Her eyes widened at how adult she appeared, yet still wearing the short pink-striped polo shirt with jeans and socks, and suddenly memories rushed through her brain.
"I'm ready!" Castiel shouted in response and walked out wearing a slightly different look to his trademark trench coat and suit. The angel quickly became accustomed to his new suits of apparel in different colors and styles. He was currently wearing his same trench coat, though his attire was of a long blue suit buttoned jacket over a crisp white shirt in a slim fit and half tied black and white striped tie, matching slacks in similar chroma, and classic black Oxford shoes.
John decided to cut off the supposed conversation by proceeding to knock on the door. "Nikki, I'm coming in! Rise and shine, darling!"
Nikita realized the danger of the situation, and yet she felt more at peace with this man than with her family. She smiled slowly at the elder hunter. "...yes," she uttered softly. "I'll join you."
She heard the red headed woman speak, apparently Rowena, and evaluated her as an Irish witch. "You wee little man - you're human now! Of course you can't sense her! She's probably hiding somewhere in the cabin. Go find her while I finish up these ingredients here and wipe out this young man's memories with his sons' as well."
Bela frowned as she narrowed her eyes more, her arms folding across her chest. "John Winchester died before I ever met the Winchester brothers."
Nikita frowned and wrinkled her nose, looking down at the cold bottle of water in her hands.
John closed the book and placed it on the table with his ink pen once Dean called him over for breakfast. He smiled.
The man felt pride for the girl and reached out to gently rub her head. She leaned against the touch and purred playfully, causing him to bark out in laughter. He quickly quieted down and snickered along with her when the head librarian of the building marched over to shush and glare at him before returning back to her duties at the front desk.
Nikki and Jesse spun around hearing a voice, but were easily distracted by their wings actually manifesting in Hell. Their eyes widened at the creamy white feathers on Nikki's wings and the smooth leather grey texture with sharp talons on Jesse's wings. Both wings were noticeably burned at the edges, giving an ashy grey ombre look.
The Piper Boy snorted and turned around to glare at the girl. "I'll have you know that there is a word for my kind, and we're sort of like imaginary friends, and I'm nameless because no one has a name for me yet."
"Sweetie?" The man finally lowered his tone. "Please put down the knife..."
The Piper Boy decided to speak up and gestured to himself. "Zanna." He pointed beside him. "Nephilim-ish. It's complicated, but she's human enough." He gestured to the being next to her. "Hottie over there is a cambion." He pointed at the young woman, who seem to be the eldest in the group. "Human soul but technically should have been demon-ish. It's complicated."
Said teen turned towards her as she put the gun away inside her trench coat. "...I'm the one that will raise you from perdition," she eventually answered softly.
Also...
"But there's no point!"
Talking. Right.
Sam noticed an opened envelope that looked worn out and slightly frozen, but not too much to break. He walked over to the table and picked it up, checking carefully of what's inside it. Dean noticed what he was doing and asked, "Whatcha got there, Sammy?"
In confusion, the young girl looked up at the Asian teenager. "Who are you?" She asked softly, trembling in fear and relief at once.
(See the end of the chapter for
a diploma that angels could conjure up with a flick of the wrist." The archangel finished his thought and took another bite of his pretzel.
Dean frowned and turned to Sam, who was torn between staring at the photos that he now remembers when they were taken and giving Dean the puppy eyes to back up their father.
The elder Winchester's eyes widened as he glanced around the area. "Do you think it could be witches?"
"Five," Dean smacked Gabriel at the back of his head once he reached to all 5 fingers sticking out from counting. " - how the fuck did you get an elephant from India to create a parade around the block?!" Gabriel was about to answer, but Dean quickly interrupted him. "Don't even try explaining - I don't actually want to know, just fix this fucking mess and make the cops think we already paid for damages after YOU clean all this crap up!"
2. Does Claire seem a bit more mature than you'd imagine? I wanted to capture her learning the hard life and adapting an evaluated look into her memories to gain a mature perspective for college.
"You know! Of Dean and Castiel being together - and engaged!" Sully announced happily.
our approval." Sam glanced at his father before turning back to his brother, who turned bright pink. Luckily for him, Gabriel saved him by coughing loudly to get everyone's attention.
Ben narrowed his eyes at the plate. "That looks like chicken schnitzel."
Castiel's eyes widened in surprise before he settled his expressions in with a smile. "Very well. I have something in mind as well. Perhaps we can buy each other rings, just to be even?"
Everyone nodded in agreement that this would be the best choice as they were eating their special emu parmigiana, Tim Tam, fairy bread, and Pavlova. Those were the only meals that tasted good. It turned out the cookies that were supposed to have coconut were substituted with some worm-like maggot that had everyone, including the angels, throw up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gaped at him while the rest of the group grinned.
John stopped moving and turned towards the young girl. "What kind of lead?"
Sam definitely didn't want to know if John's reaction towards Castiel's obsession over Dean would be positive or negative. He was banking on negative.
monsters are bad, Dad. Long story short about Garth for example - he's the best hunter and a prodigy under Bobby, believe it or not. He recently got bit by a werewolf, though, but another one killed him and helped Garth stay on the animal raw meat to survive. Those two married and Garth is now staying at his wife's father's place in a farm."
Dean slammed the brakes, yet swiftly parked to the side of the street to let others pass him by. He turned around just as swiftly to the archangel currently eating cheesecake. "You know where he is?"
Instead it had changed into a clean office with the theme that somehow fit God's look. (If only the other angels knew who God decided to take as a vessel... Gabriel was the only one to know where God was before he got captured by fucking Metatron.)
"Yeah, yeah, great dramatic moment for the Winchester clan. Question though: Can I go back to my epiphany of what I just remembered?"
Dean pointed at the girl in the photos. "I remember you showing me this. Her genetic structure made me remember her back in California City when she was a tiny girl."
Meanwhile Nikita starts to dream again after being in a dreamless sleep for many years. The content in her dreams seems to be too realistic for it to be a dream...
The Piper Boy frowned at his charge. "I know that! I just mean we're lost here - we need to find the portal where humans can only access it." He pointed at the forest ahead of them. "In case it hasn't escaped your intelligence - Leviathans and other monsters roam here!"
The archangel stared at her/him (he's quickly deciding on him) with a deadpan look. "...let me guess, Winchesters and Castiel? Yeah, Team Free Will must have struck again."
Said boy walked towards Nikki and glanced at her wings with awe on his face. "That's so cool..." He voiced out then frowned at himself. "I can't ever grow wings."
Dean glanced at the time on his watch. It said 2:04AM.
While the Piper Boy wandered around the Bunker playing with his flute (she finally figured out what the instrument was), Nikita quickly combed the category file cabinets for a library card. She grew frustrated and sighed when she couldn't find anything and slammed the cabinet shelf shut.
? How ironic, really."
"....I think I got a lead."
, where wizards of all genders can be all called wizards and not be stereotyped as they learn advanced magic and form the first American Ministry of Magic (outside it appeared to have 5 floors but inside it has 14 floors - has basement floor where there's a wall and fireplace to get to a new wizard alley in America called Trickster Lane, courtesy of Gabriel); a blue-green building with a Victorian architectural structure for the
. It was decided that Ben and Claire transfer quickly to Gabriel's new university where Castiel worked called
The vampire cursed as he realized this and used the angel blade offered to cut his own arm. He placed his arm directly over Jesse's cut. "Boy, you better know what you're doing." He grumbled at him and turned to Nikki. "Once we get topside, I better have that potion ready."
"Believe it or not, this young girl was the one who inspired Sam with his decision to get a job interview for CPS as a lawyer. They recently added a new position available to help the foster children more with their cases, along with the position I wanted to add for Jessica. I happen to work the CPS on the weekends with my husband - he's the one who's in charge of the CPS building in Palo Alto."
The middle aged man with a beard grinned leering at Nikita in the middle of the woods. "I'm Metatron, a scribe for God and a powerful angel!" He exclaimed with a crazed look in his eyes.
To elaborate on the title:
That stirred something strange inside the hunter as he gulped, staring at his friend. "Y-Yeah, that would awesome, man."
Also, the spell isn't real. Don't try that at home.
"Hey, Cass." John waved his fancy thick envelope in Castiel's path of vision. "Would you be able to send this to my wife? It'd be real swell if you could."
See what I did there? Rowena the witch & Metatron the douche bag angel who is now human!
brought me back."
Castiel looked confused and couldn't help but voice out his concerns. "Dean, I assure you that you are not pregnant with a baby. Perhaps I should check your mental health later on at the next rest stop? You should be aware that human males do not get pregnant."
She pointed at the tablet. "Why does that say, '
"You call me that anyway, Gabriel."
Meanwhile John finally found the right door to Nikita's room and raised his fist to knock on the door. Before his knuckles could meet the wooden door, he heard her speak to someone but was given no reply. It sounded as if Nikita was having a conversation with thin air.
For now, enjoy the crazy you currently have in front of you. :)
The drunken man grinned and he started to grab her by the ankles, pulling her roughly out of the closet. Claire screamed for help and tried to kick at the perpetrator, causing the man to grunt and quickly kick her in the stomach hard. She winced and yelped while clutching her stomach. He lunged to grab at her until someone stalked into the bedroom and grabbed at the drunken man.
She shut her eyes tight and made sure not to make a sound. She thought the "young handsome man" from one of her general education classes hadn't been drinking when she was talking to him in one of her neighbor's bedrooms.
Jesse stopped by the Piper Boy as Nikki continued to stalk ahead into the cavern hallway. He clasped a hand on the Zanna teenager's shoulder. "Good work finding these hallways so quickly, Honeybun."
It turns out the Nephilim had a cavity and is in need of a root canal.
Dean glared at Gabriel, who took his time to saunter up the stairs. "Sammy, we have a bigger problem than Dad being here - the possible reason of
With the current case the two hunters have, it required them to dress up posh style. John was storming around the hotel room in a neat suit jacket with shirt and vest ensemble of different shades of grey, faded moss green skinny pants that end down where his ankles are showing, and brown Oxford shoes. Nikita was dressed in a light pink and white flowery dress with short sleeves and peach cream-colored high heel sandals with a flower design on top. John's hair was slicked to style to the right while Nikita's had been put together in a messy-yet-stylishly-cute bun (thanks to lack of John Winchester's skills from when he tied up his late wife's hair when she was pregnant with Dean).
He turned the doorknob while hearing Nikita groan in reply, which matched her next reaction as her father entered the room. He watched her bundle herself up in the bedsheets all alone in the room.
"This is not what I signed up for when I imagined an apple pie life."
"For the safety of his family, yes." Sam answered his father.
As she drew the runes, she kept listening quietly to the conversation happening upstairs. Luckily, the man named Metatron drew back to Rowena but spoke with an exasperated tone in his voice. "That would make things easier for us, though we're in the past now. I'm afraid we really need Dean to be the Righteous Man and Sam to free Lucifer in order to keep the odds we currently have in our favor."
Sam winced at the memory of the deceased angel. He wanted someone to change the subject quick, but the two in the back have already assumed Sam wasn't paying attention.
Later as they were packing up to get out of the library, Nikita glanced down at the book in her hands and saw a picture on the page of a dark entity with Yellow Eyes. "Hey, John?" She called out to him as her eyes scanned down to the label of the picture.
She shook her head and breathed evenly to level the noise of her breaths. She thought she could take him on if he ever tried to pressure her, but she got punched in the face for her troubles, so she punched him back and ran back to her bedroom.
She hopped on her spring mattress and muttered the incantation from the book. She chanted out loud, "Texi hic focus contra tota subministratio abominanda cogitati. Exsuscito nam basii municipalis fidelis affectus!"
"Yes, but he says he'll think about it. He's been making me try to persuade him by having me get along with his foster mother. Angie seems alright so far..."
The young teenage boy's eyes widened in alarm. "That's even worse!" He shouted and scrambled away from her.
"Dean."
"Done." She uttered with confidence before Benny turned into a soul ball and was sucked into Jesse's arm.
Gabriel snorted. "Tell me about it. The dude is surfing in Australia and is
Dean stopped yelling after that and stared at Sam in confusion. "Didn't you study to be a lawyer?"
Metatron gaped at the young girl before him. "...
"What would be your occupation?"
"Hey, Cas..."
"I did not have the luxury to experience it."
Dean raised an eyebrow at him as everyone else facepalmed.
But beside him, Dean and Sam were very shocked to find John Winchester, their father, reading through a few files from the Bunker and analyzing it with the world map table.
"What do you mean Ms. Yuson was checked out, but recently had to check back in - and by herself, no less?!" John barked at the doctor while dressed in a nice decent suit.
"Okay, sorry to interrupt, Papa Winchester, but we have a crisis on our hands!" Gabriel interrupted while he flung his hands in the air. "Read the list!"
"Oh, you would think like that Captain, or should I say
I had so many ideas but they fizzed out as soon as I focused more on graduating with my BA degree.
He was more surprised that Castiel was the big spoon to Dean's small spoon.
"He does?" Dean asked flabbergasted.
Bela perked up at the prospect of her pseudo-father long ago rejoining her. "Yes, I - I'd like that."
Now the mission for all four of them is to kill Rowena.
"Three," Dean spoke, "- you managed to bewitch a professor's inner slut to have her way with Sammy in public, causing both adults to get arrested for public indecency."
Sam glanced at Dean with an incredulous look. "Dude, you actually watch the show?"
The Winchester brothers woke up in their motel rooms feeling a bit dizzy. They looked at each other with confusion.
"Wait what?! Dad, Sam and I just woke up and we felt the same way, too."
He sighed and leaned back in his seat, popping a Tootsie Roll into his mouth. "Hopefully the young fledgling is there once we arrive there, and that the witch didn't get to her first. You mentioned something about a backup spell that you two cooked up?"
Nikita scrambled to the floor and drew out another rune that she luckily memorized yesterday. Adding this to the spell would bump any stranger of the spellcaster back to wherever they came from, though it was a long shot of whether the two strangers would bump back to another city location or another year.
Sam piped up. "That's great, Claire! We're all proud of you!"
This chapter is more John-centric. Enjoy. :)
Both Nikki and Jesse glanced at each other and nodded. They were previously informed of their main goal: rescue Adam Milligan and Bela Talbot.
"Do you by chance know Crowley?"
"What do I do now?" Nikita whispered to herself, though everyone else heard her in the Bunker.
Dean frowned at him and opened his mouth to argue, but Castiel interrupted him and went on. "You have a knack for engineering and it would be a waste to not use your talents into a great career, had you not gone into hunting."
, where transgenics and anomalies from Manticore can feel useful with their abilities and take serious heavy-level therapy (3 floors - no basement); a blue-purple building with a medieval architectural structure for the
The taller Winchester's eyes widened as he slowly pulled out and examined each document. "These are official copies of records stating that Dad is the sole guardian Nikita Yuson... and all evidence that points to the girl's existence." Sam gave Dean and Castiel the puppy look (the one where he shows he feels bad). "I can't believe we forgot her..."
"I think that Dean especially would appreciate the lack of magic in his life, despite it being useful in his favor," Castiel began to explain. "He has told me numerous times to walk instead of zap if I want to go from one room to the next room so I would prevent being lazy. Dean likes to feel useful and be around people who can be useful in one way or the other." He straightened his posture and nodded. "I shall go help John pack for supplies needed if this Nikita person is still alive." He sauntered over to the kitchen.
"Dad! Sammy! Jody!" Dean called out to the people coming out of the truck. Gabriel and Crowley frowned and stuck their heads out from the rear of the truck. "What are we, chopped liver?!" They asked at the same time in the same indignant tone.
1. The Piper Boy is Nikita's imaginary friend.
"Now, understand - I cannot be seen with you two abominations. I have a reputation to protect in Hell, and it's already been weakened by these two idiots," Crowley complained while pointing at the Winchester brothers standing near him. "Task 1 is to fly directly into Hell via burning part of your wings. Task 2 will be to find Adam first before searching for Bela's parents, which is where her soul might be. Task 3 is to fly directly out. Anything else will be most likely improvised, considering the luck that the Winchesters & Campbells have." The demon glared at the entire family and quickly flashed a smile at the young teenagers. "Any questions?"
4. Destiel moments~ At this point if anyone wants to make a request to add more to the plot you can comment here! :)
Sam could see his father nodding through the rear-view mirror but the following question from him had him stumped.
John chuckled at the list softly and added his two cents into the list.
"OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah, I'm sure! I can't forget this face - shit, I'll call Dad about this. Hopefully he can help her in between hunts."
"...Gabe, are you actually insinuating that you and Cas were raised by the Devil at one point in your lives?" Sam slowly asked.
Nikita narrowed her eyes at him. "Then what the hell are you?"
"It seems to be the case of a leprechaun, which I'm sure Dean hates to revisit because it reminds him of a soulless Sam," Castiel answered as he stood up from his chair.
Wait what,
Castiel grunted as he frowned and tried his best to fix his tie. Dean sighed with a grin and walked over to him to fix it for him. "Here, let me try."
Yep, he could definitely hear.
Nikita quickly grabbed her pocket knife (another gift from John - he claimed earlier that he wanted to make up her past birthdays, even though he didn't even know her back then) and read the instructions from the book of spells. She grumbled and cut her wrists, gasping as the blood quickly poured down her arm. She squeezed her wrists gently on the floor beside the bed.
Someone shouted in the hallway from a distance. "GABRIEL, IS THAT SOMETHING SWEET I SMELL? IT BETTER BE SOMETHING COOKED, NOT BOUGHT FROM THE CANDY SECTION OF THE STORE!"
"...well, turns out it could have been a witch that did that to us. According to your archangel over there in the kitchen, probably eating - " "I CAN HEAR YOU!" "- something sweet right now, our memories were tampered with by a witch. Thankfully, Gabriel returned my memories when he brought me back from the living and decided you need my help for this Darkness business. Nikita is included in this, believe it or not."
"Somethin' `bout defending the spell caster's home and that the spell will awaken once she receives a kiss from true love. Like I would do that! She's like a daughter to me." John grumbled the last couple of sentences under his breath.
3. No Frozen comments. Just... no.
Sulli suddenly appeared while eating a slice of cake on a tiny plate and smiled. "The Piper Boy told me you two are together and engaged! Congrats!"
After a long silent moment, the stranger turned to look at Claire with sincere concern. "Are you alright? My name is Ben Braiden-Winchester."
On top of that, Jonghyun Kim from SHINee died. He was an inspiration to me since 2009, when my sister first introduced SHINee to my music palette. It sucks because he's been my muse for so long - actually, one of the rare reasons why I've decided to stay alive. It's been tearing me up for a long while, and damn, my life is currently in shambles right now.
"Y-YOU... YOU JUST SAID CAPTAIN JACK IS HOT!"
John sighed and let out a bittersweet smile. "I guess we leave Adam in Heaven for now. Perhaps it's for the best."
Which opens up a new can of worms... how is John going to explain to his sons that they have a half-brother? He imagines that would not go well, but he'll endure it to save what's left of his family.
John gently patted her head and coaxed her gaze to look up at him. "Hey, you listen to me, kid. I still don't trust divine and fate unless I see it in front of me. However, I do believe it is a miracle that I found you, so I'm not looking to put a gift horse in the mouth. You with me `til the end, Nikki?"
"It depends on how they're interpreted," He replied, "Most of the stuff is real, which is why go through research to find the common or original sources."
Now in the early spring, however, he frantically searched for the young Asian girl in the fancy hotel room. "Nikki! Come on out, darling!" He looked underneath both beds in the room and in the closet.
The college student, Hugo Weasley, was a recent transfer student from Europe and enrolled himself into Castiel's school. Dean figured he may not be entirely human, but that was okay, because the ginger-haired boy was very ambitious and helped around the garage whenever he could. Besides, Hugo had a lot of questions that he wanted to ask to teach his grandfather how electricity and mechanisms work here in America. (Most of them were pretty odd questions as if his grandfather had never seen or touch electricity before, but Jack quickly joined in on the discussion every now and then - or rather whenever he eavesdrops on Hugo's incredulous questions.)
Sam & Gabriel find out through Nikki's imaginary friend that Dean & Castiel are engaged - for real, this time. John celebrates in public while sending love notes to his wife via angel air and Nikki tries to get to the bottom of her imaginary friend's issue with the Winchester brothers' help and her quickly adopted siblings.
He'll call his sons up after they park at his reserved cabin under a false name, which was about 2 miles away. They'll be a witness to Nikita's adoption at the local court hall in Salvation, Iowa. Afterwards, they'll deal with Azazel, then they'll finally settle in Windom, Minnesota.
Nikki frowned at him. "It's pretty hot, actually..." She mumbled as she unbuttoned a few top buttons from her trench coat. Jesse raised an eyebrow at her actions and voiced out, "Maybe if you had flown in without your yellow trench coat, you'd feel that it's actually room temperature... it's pretty cozy."
All bets are on officially and people are split into two teams to collect their rewards.
Crowley growled into the phone. "Do not make me burn my bacon by accident. I'm making eggs benedict." He turned off the stove from where he was, in the kitchen of the Bunker. "I did that poor girl a favor! I gave her a free life to do whatever she wanted to do. She was barely fed at her age and her parents were fucking rich! And hypocrites! Not to mention that there was more than child abuse going on in that household!"
The archangel rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I know that! I helped her with the warding myself!"
Using her gut feeling, she hesitantly arranged the strings to where it made sense to her. By the time she was done, she realized based on the time on the radio clock that she had only used 15 minutes to organize the notes on the wall. Her eyes narrowed at a common subject.
The mother took too much medicine, since she's apparently ill, and resulted in a drugged state. She went ballistic for a moment with a knife and threatened her supposed husband and teenage daughter. The teenage daughter was being a bit of a brat, considering what time it is and how she mentioned she wanted to hang out with her friend or friends still... who was the one with a soft voice?
"I still can't believe Lucifer was the one who was supposed to take care of a baby Nephilim," Sam spoke his thoughts aloud.
Dean unlocked the door and opened it slowly after Castiel briefly scanned through the door and nodded at him. Out of nowhere a blonde blur whipped through the opening door and jumped into Castiel's arms, who quickly let go of Dean's hand to catch the being.
The teacher frowned at the board and whipped her head around to glare at the girl. "Your answer is wrong!" She shouted. "Detention for causing disruption to my classroom - "
John went to visit Dean's work with Sam, Gabriel, Crowley, and Jody. Sam and Jody were able to fit in the black pickup truck seats, so Crowley and Gabriel lazily tagged along in the open rear.
"NO! I WILL KILL YOU FOR DISTURBING MY SLEEP, BOTH OF YOU! I. AM. SICK!"
Everyone, including the teacher and excluding the Piper Boy, stared at the answer scribbled on the board and how Nikita showed her work. No one in the classroom noticed the principal silently checking each classroom with a clipboard in hand, especially when he stopped by their classroom upon noticing the silence. He glanced at the board and looked impressed.
Doris quickly smiled and nodded. "Very nice to meet you, too, despite you having the lingering small portion of demon blood in your digestive system." Sam looked shocked and pale after those words, but before either uncle could reply, she turned to Claire. "Hey, we sort of have a tradition in this dorm to have the new tenants in this dorm to throw a party, as a welcoming of sorts. Would you be holding one anytime soon?"
I snuck in a little tiny crossover of Dark Angel. Maybe or maybe not - I could possibly sneak it in again in a future chapter somewhere, if it fits.
She ran through the door of the cabin they were staying in and she gasped, seeing John unconscious on the kitchen floor. She had no time to check what the thin wrapped envelope was on the dining table and grabbed her witchcraft book of spells.
"Jesus Christ, Dean! What the fuck?!" Sam gasped in surprise as he adjusted his seat belt.
John snorted and nodded. "Tell me bout it. You take care of yourself, ya hear?" He stuck out a hand to shake Richard's and watched him walk away with the folded umbrella and wheelchair.
Dr. Harkness smirked at the short nurse named Richard. "We promised John that justice will be served with the female nurses at the pediatric ward. Shall we grant his wish?"
"What?" Dean looked up in surprise at his son. He was busy staring at the schedule that the bulletin had for
Castiel thought about it carefully and turned to Dean. "You should call Crowley. Perhaps he may know which innocent soul can be saved."
John smiled brightly and he openly wept, which was a foreign sight to see for everyone else around him.  He clobbered the young girl in a big hug. "Nikki, you're awake! Thank Heavens you're alive!" He exclaimed with open glee.
John turned to his sons, who were both wide awake and freshly changed into new clothes for the day. "Yeah, I just got the refund for your trip. Sorry to cut the vacation short, but I finished the hunt and got another hunt in Seattle. Somethin' about a facility called Manticore..." He mumbled while helping Dean pack his duffel bag. "It's colder there around this time of year, so you don't have to sprout out freckles here and burn, Dean."
She renamed herself Bela Talbot.
The young Asian teenager grabbed the Australian-raised cambion and pulled him into the portal, which closed right as they disappeared.
I've decided to take one slow step at a time and finish what I've started eventually.
Sam suddenly woke up with a gun in his hands from under his pillow in his bed trained to wherever that noise came from. He glared at Sully, his former Zanna buddy.
"Yeah, but... the practice that I applied to interview for was to be a lawyer available for Child Protection Services. It was a new position offered and I didn't want to pass it up."
There was silence in the car until Dean piped up coyly.
(Oh yeah, by the way, I sing. :) )
"That would be where the rest of the emu went." Sam bluntly stated in the same whisper tone.
No one talked about how John shed silent tears for a few silent minutes. They let him keep his pride for a while and let him speak when he wants to.
"So far I managed to find here that he is the first pure demon on Earth and that he wasn't born human, which makes him an actual creature but of the unknown," The young girl read from a thick heavy textbook with a reference label on the spinal edge. Internally John glanced at how small the girl was in comparison to the huge dusty book on her lap. Since the hospital Nikita had been wearing John's old clothes that used to fit him, but they had been too big for her still, so before they left for Los Angeles he bought her cleaner clothes at a thrift store. He had her choose the clothes and was surprised to find the feminine parts of her purchases only being her undergarments. (He still can't think of how she was able to steal that reference book from the library without the cranky old librarian lady catching them.) "It says here in another chapter that Lucifer himself created him."
"...this is her."
The angel let his friend/husband fix his tie and he took a good look at Dean's work clothes. His face flushed for some reason seeing the dark blue mechanic overalls suit fit perfectly to Dean's body shape. It matched hit trademark choice of boots.
Dean's eyes widened. "So the 13 year old drove? And her parents were pissed at
John's eyes widened. "A heat stroke? Where are her parents? Relatives?"
Castiel and John just came from the store of the gas station with small treats for the road trip and pie for Dean. Dean and Gabriel glanced over at Sam with them. Sam had been digging for more change through the glove department of the Impala and found his wallet from when he went to Stanford University. In it, he had pulled out a few polaroid photos that appear to have been located in the hospital. Sam's heart sank seeing his young happy face with Jessica. He flipped through a few photos and noticed they centered around a certain young girl.
Nikita sighed and finished texting the coordinates before sending the text to [Dean]. She turned to John with a raised eyebrow, looking very bemused. "Are you really going to text and drive at the same time? You need to keep your eyes on the road, sir."
"But - what about Crowley?" Dean asked in haste. "Don't we need to find Jesse and spring Bela and Adam out from Hell?"
The eldest hunter grumbled and put on his reading glasses before checking the piece of paper. His face scrunched up and he slowly turned to the archangel. "Why the fuck did you have my wife tag along in this bet over my son and his angel?"
Castiel smiled softly as he plucked the envelope from John's hand and tucked it safely inside his trenchcoat. "I will keep this safe with me, John. I will tell Mary that you miss her dearly."
"From what was I heard of her last admittance to this ward, Nikita's parents persuaded the staff to ignore medical treatment other than needing the left arm to be treated. I overheard the other nurses gossiping that her mother talked about buying more concealer makeup to get rid of the bruises so they could heal."
Nikita stared at the open textbook before her.
The nephilim raised an eyebrow at the Piper Boy in her kitchen at the Bunker. "Why can't you name yourself?"
Sam grimaced and stepped up beside Dean. "Remember what? That we have a younger half brother named Adam? That right now he could have graduated from college, so when he was born it had only been a few years after the fire and Mom's death?" He growled deeply.
Gabriel stopped what he was doing.
Nikita quickly ran to her room, crawled through a small tunnel placed in the under side of her closet, and opened the small latched door. With her size, she was able to crawl in and lock the trap door after she entered.
Jesse frowned at them until he realized why. "Ah. I'm half demon. Forgot about that."
He thought to himself, then shrugged as he started up his black truck's engine, driving off towards the freeway to California.
Claire frowned deeply at that, but Ben caught on to her look and shook his head while quickly explaining. " - I'll explain later... maybe once you and Dean are in the same place... anyways, long story short - my mom decided to continue forgetting him while I wanted to look for him, especially after finding the Supernatural books. I understand why he had this Castiel guy wipe my memories - " Claire's breath hitched at that moment, " - but my mom kept blaming every failed relationship on Dean after we remembered. She and I had a falling out after that - I mean, she always dated a lot of guys, which was how I was born - and now I'm here, looking for my biological dad while looking for my own path in life. I've only known recently that Dean was my actual father during the time I graduated high school and left home. I checked paternal tests with whatever DNA I had from the clothes he left at my mom's house."
Claire let out a shout before running down the stairs to greet the others, even those she didn't know because she was that excited. Dean turned to Jody, who walked in and closed the door to the Bunker a moment ago. "She's that excited, huh?"
Nikki is what John Winchester called his foster daughter (unofficially adopted), and it's a short name from Nikita. From now on, because Nikki is trying to forget that past, she'll be known more as Nikki than Nikita.
Dean snorted in reply. "Like I said earlier, we're not gonna do this the lazy way. Besides, I don't want you and Gabriel wasting your graces away while you're both slowly replenishing it with Heaven's powers back in order."
If Bobby were to see this right now, he would be rolling in his grave, calling them oblivious stupid idjits.
"Hey guys, check this out!"
"I'm here to help..." He glanced at the open doorway behind him and slowly moved toward the young girl on her hospital bed. "My eldest son's seen ya before years ago, believe it or not, and recently my youngest son visited you. His name is Sam Winchester?" He whispered the last sentence softly so he wouldn't spook the girl and at the same time not get caught by authorities.
"I can't help it, man! She must be one ugly broad!"
(See the end of the chapter for
John grinned in thanks and glanced at the table full of books and case files. "What've we got here, angel?"
Sam sighed as he elected himself to pick up the phone and pressed the speaker button. He frowned when he saw the "666" number, indicating it was Crowley calling. Everyone (i.e.: John, Jody, Claire, Ben, Alex, Donna, Dean, Sam, Castiel, Nikki, and Gabriel) crowded around the phone. "Hey Crowley, what's up?" Sam greeted the King of Hell.
Crowley let out a deep resigned sigh over the phone. "Her name is Angharad Ryan."
Another was a regular human guy named Jack Harkness, who kept trying to flirt with him at the interview but knew what his boundaries where when he saw the customized wedding ring on Dean's finger. He flirted way less with him, but unfortunately for other workers and customers he flirted with all of them even more. Dean saw how good he was with quantum mechanics and mathematical theory that he decided to go to him during lunch breaks for homework he was given from online classes. He liked Jack the best during those times because Jack would never flirt with him while tutoring him.
"...hello? ...oh bloody hell could you stop laughing at her name?!" Crowley yelled over the phone once he heard the rise of hysterical laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean jumped at the sudden sight of Gabriel close by their faces. "Dammit, Gabe! You need a fucking bell! How did you even get out of the holy fire?!"
The eldest Winchester ran down the small stone steps and cautiously slid over to the bed as soon as he saw the girl he was looking for. "Nikki!" He shouted as he quickly gathered her in his arms. It took a brief moment because of how heavy the frozen young girl was with her frozen skin. He looked on in dismay at her pale blue lips.
Sam carried the last of Claire's furniture with Gabriel into her new dorm room. They placed the couch onto the soft large pink rug in the living room. With via angel air, they were able to move stuff quickly to Claire's dorm room. Sam looked around the place and smiled sadly as it brought him several memories of when he first moved into Stanford. He internally wished for Claire to have a better experience than he had in the end.
"What about sex with men?"
Nikita blinked blearily at him and nodded slowly in confusion. "I had to do somethin'... a witch called Rowena and some Megatron douche was plannin' somethin'..." she mumbled softly, causing the others to worry at what she said.
can read my writing? But you are not a prophet!"
"Man, I know what you mean. Back in the Marines, I used to cover for a buddy of mine so he can visit his boyfriend during breaks. Last I heard, after we all retired they moved to Maine and adopted two children. I was actually made a godfather, but then I up and died, man. At least the kids grew up and got into college, the last time I checked."
Dean waved it away. "Stop that. And yeah, it sucks, but now we remember and the now is all that counts. The past is behind us." He strode over with Castiel still touching his back. His eyes caught on to a significant document and he picked it up. His eyes widened slightly. "Holy shit." He mumbled in awe.
"Don't worry, Samalam! She won't end up burning on anyone's ceiling or have a loved one end up there! The people who were responsible for that died, remember? Just relax."
Nikita bumps into her new imaginary friend too many times enough for John to notice this strange phenomenon.
"...I'm just glad that you're very attentive to my boys, especially Dean. Lord knows he's been through enough."
The doctor nodded and let John walk over to her room as he left to attend to other patient's care. He slowly walked inside the room and stared at the young girl, who his eldest son saw many years ago, lying in a bed looking sickly pale and red at the same time with her tan skin. Her lips were chapped and more pale than the rest of her body.
"Damn, we got distracted - that damn abomination probably used her powers to push us away!" Metatron complained as he kicked at the dirt.
lawyer and call CPS for her, you know? I would have taken her in and Jess would have loved her..."
He saw the way Castiel stared in awe at the different examples of customized rings by the window display. Somehow this sight before him prompted something in his mind because he walked back to Castiel and grabbed his hand. "Come on, let's go look into this store. We're officially married, remember?" He grinned at the angel as he said this.
"Perhaps we can slightly alter the past events now so that when we go back to our time we can get even more odds in our favor? Like kill the Winchesters for good?"
Sam threw an exasperated look at Gabriel's direction. "Do you remember moments ago when you tried that with Nikita? The poor girl had to get a root canal because of you!"
"Your brother is actually very good with physics and arithmancy. I was actually shocked when he told me he wanted to quit school... he told me at 13 [years old] that he considered engineering in community college - "
"Did you get drunk?"
Both Sam and Dean let out small smiles seeing their father with the new Winchester together. Castiel broke the moment by going through the documents displayed on the table. "There is a matter of creating a new identity for you, John Winchester. According to FBI records, you are deceased, so you cannot claim paternal rights." He glanced at the elder Winchester brother. "Dean, however, can get parental rights in the eye of the public as Dean Clapton."
With that image in mind, everyone except for Gabriel scrammed out through the door with the policemen following behind to chase the college students.
Dean slightly smiled, but it was so small that it was barely even seen. Sam caught on to it and shook his head, smiling. "Dean, we're not gonna make a big deal about this. You can date who you want to date - "
"Was it something I said?" Dean cluelessly asked.
"Have classes always been this easy in Kansas?" Nikita blurted out while reading her worksheet in the afternoon during classtime, causing the rest of her classmates in her Algebra class to glare at her.
So he was very torn with what he was hearing from next door in the vacation hotel at a saddle ranch.
"That is not healthy. We're encouraging underage drinking here!"
Gabriel chuckled nervously before popping out the unopened umbrella in his grasp. "Surprise? Also... one of the Weeping Angels may have slipped through this alternate dimension we live in and transported the Nephilim from one family to another, thus she became Nikita Yuson." He sighed with a bit of a relief. "At least it wasn't Dad's fault this time, huh, Cassie?"
John sighed yet straightened his posture and glanced at Nikki. "Think you could go on your first active mission as an honorary Winchester, sweetie?"
John frowned as he scanned the front porch of the small cabin. He didn't seem to mind the cold much. "I'm looking for a spare key."
The eldest Winchester put the pieces together of his son's trails of thought and nodded in understanding. "Was it next door?" He pointed at the wall Dean was staring at moments ago. "I could play the inspection route for termites and see if they're still there or if the children got hurt. How many were there?"
Besides, Dean already knew who he was.
"That man would be Sam and Dean's father, John Winchester," Castiel responded. "The young girl behind him is Nikita Yuson-Clapton, a Nephilim who is currently 14 years old."
Is anyone else anticipating for the Fallout? (a.k.a. Sam & Dean talking to John about Mom's family of hunters, Adam, Bill Harvelle, Men of Letters, and Henry Winchester)
"You found what could kill Azazel," she spoke in a soft voice. Come to think of it, from John's perspective, the girl has always talked in a soft tone unless she laughs, which was a rare feature for anyone to see, including him.
Lucifer shook his head and chuckled. "Looks like I fooled Sam, alright. When Castiel 'Molotov-ed' Michael with his new angel banishing cocktail all those years back, he pushed Michael back to Heaven, including sending Adam's soul back to Heaven. Every time Sam tried to protect 'Adam', he was actually trying to protect Michael." He momentarily gave a sad look towards Adam's empty vessel, which used to house Michael. "He wasn't supposed to die..." He murmured to himself, then immediately went back to giggling softly as he slowly sat on the ground to stare at Adam's face, talking to him as if he was alive and... Michael.
Gabriel gave the tall Winchester a sneer and playfully pouted as he crossed his arms. "You'll truly win that bet if after all our advances are done and they
Wanting to feel useful, Castiel gently took the documents and gave them back to Sam to scan with him. "I remember you using this alias for an FBI Agent identity. I used Castiel Page for that case as well, the particular moment when we had Claire with us while finding her mother." He helped Sam forge new documents for 'Dean Clapton'. "I rather enjoy Dean's aliases." Sam and Gabriel snorted and tried to hide their laughter.
Nikki recognized the voice and turned toward the Piper Boy. "YOU AGAIN?!"
Dean sensed a feeling of dread pass right through him and spread into the car. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"
Yes, you heard me. Imaginary Friends.
It was Castiel this time who shook his head. "I believe I remember a similar spell to this. A Queen from England many years ago developed this spell after the influence she had been under by a witch who cursed her when she was a baby. She had accidentally pierced her finger with a sharp metal object and fell into slumber until her true love found her and kissed her. The point is that everyone at the castle and herself were frozen in time as well as their physical forms." He paused and turned to Gabriel. "I believe the Queen's name had been Aurora, right, Gabriel?"
The Piper Boy snorted while Nikki hummed and kicked the ground filled with dirt. Her closed-toe white-and-tan wedges moved a few pieces of rock away from her. She was still wearing her flowery dress underneath the yellow trench coat and her hair was tied up in a loose bun (courtesy of John Winchester). The Zanna teenager thought she looked very cute with her pair of angelic wings.
Everyone's eyes bulged out and their jaws dropped. "What?!" Sam cried out.
"...yeah, so long as you have
After Dean's voicemail, John calls back quickly and confirms that he'll help what he can. He drives over to California since he's close by and finds Nikita in the hospital still near Stanford. They slowly bond over the little things and Nikita is oddly unfazed by the possibility of real creatures existing. From there John teaches Nikita the scholarly way of detecting mythical creatures.
Castiel and Gabriel will be joining in the story soon, and I swear to God I'll make John look like a decent father.
The tall Winchester went back to the phone call. "Sorry, in public so my conversation has to be clipped... no, Garth, you have a family to help provide and take care of! ... really? Congrats on the pups!" John and Nikita overheard the conversation and gravitated towards the tall man's form on a plastic chair in the waiting room. "Wow, five already? All the more reason to stay home with your wife and tend to her... yeah, I'll be sure to let you know if you're needed. I have you under Emergency Contacts... great! I'll need that list to tell the other trusted - er, community members... and yes, I know, we'll find a team of people to take care of Chicago. Okay, bye Garth!" He ended the call and glanced up at his family. "Garth Fitzgerald IV says hi and that his wife recently gave birth to five puppies!" The woman earlier looked absolutely horrified with the conversation and darted out of the room.
"Holy shit, look at your wings!"
Nikita's head jerked up and she glanced around the classroom but no one paid attention to her.
Said Zanna blushed deeply and nodded in reply, watching Jesse grin and running to catch up to his charge. The Piper Boy adjusted his white baggy shirt as he quickly followed after them.
Crowley sighed. "These bloody Winchesters fucking have a one-track mind. They don't even realize that we can just either pop new clothing out of nowhere or give ourselves one touch or snap - and presto! We're clean as a whistle."
Thank you all for reading! I will do my best to keep updating in between school and choir.
The brothers of the couple looked embarrassed, not wanting to talk about the bet just yet.
John full out laughed and focused more on the road. "So, what do you have so far on Azazel?"
The teens shrugged their shoulders before grabbing each other's hands and quickly disappeared through flight.
The Piper Boy's face grew ashen at the sight behind him before shaking his head and going back to patrol for the Cage.
"Perhaps you could do both, Dean. If not for yourself, then at least for your own sister."
A couple of hours after Nikita calmed down, John steered her to one of the beds and let her rest while he stocked up on reading the books stashed in her duffel bag that he bought for her. It was bigger than his and more durable for heavier equipment. He had her use it wisely for sneaking old reference books from the restricted sections of the libraries that they need for hunts. Time to get cracking on how to stop Azazel.
The Piper Boy pouted cutely as he twirled his auburn-colored hair with his finger. Nikki silently wondered if he deliberately kept changing his hair color and texture, then decided later would be the time to possibly name the boy in front of her. Probably something from the Harry Potter book series...
"DAMMIT, SAMALAM! DON'T JUST START GETTING THOR ON ME - hey wait, how the hell do you have my brother's hammer?!"
Jesse peered into the Cage carefully, ignoring Lucifer's taunts as he checked Adam's body. His eyes widened in shock. "Um, Nikki?"
John and Nikita gained this information from the case that had them dressing in posh looks in the first place. There were regular demons in the Hamptons acting like crossroad demons, making deals with greedy young children. When John captured all the demons at a gazebo and made sure they weren't getting out of their meat suits, Nikita had been the one to calmly tell the families and distant relatives at the Hamptons nearby the gazebo that demons do exist and that the children so far who officially made deals had sold their souls permanently, according to the terms in the contracts that the demons made the children sign before sealing the deals with a kiss.
The Asian girl's eyes grew soft and sad for her and she reached out with an open palm. "Take my hand and run away with me."
"We're in Purgatory, you dumbass," Nikki grumbled, causing the others to giggle softly. "Do you not remember Crowley guiding us through the crack of rock from Hell?"
Once John arrived in Los Angeles, he noticed Nikita fidgeting in her seat beside him. "What's wrong, kiddo? You have to use the restroom?"
She died after her demon deal and went to Hell, reliving her torture until... until this girl with wings saved her.
Hannah, using a human man as a vessel, was shocked to see Gabriel pummel through the bookshelf as if it was paper. "So that's where Metatron trapped you! Castiel told me before about seeing you, but he thought it was just a mirage!" She let out a yelp as the archangel glomped her in a hug.
"Get back to the point, Gabriel." All three Winchesters spoke in unison.
Nikki hesitantly nodded and quickly climbed over to the portal with swift ease. Jesse paused for a second before pulling the Piper Boy into a kiss. The Zanna squeaked into the kiss but eagerly kissed back as Nikki watched with amusement. He pulled back and pushed Jesse towards the portal. "GO!"
"Jesse, look out!" Nikki cried out and quickly grabbed a hidden angel blade from her yellow trenchcoat sleeve. She swiped her arm across in front of her and slashed the demon across his chest, creating a scar deep enough for the demon to cry out as his eyes lit up orange and collapsed onto the ground.
John Winchester finished writing his notes out of special stationary from Staples (he splurged rarely for his interests) and neatly sealed the 3 pages of notes in a fancy envelope with an embossed seal. He grinned at his neat work and got out of his chair to look for one of the angels hanging around the Bunker.
Castiel shook his head in reply and John grinned back at him. "Great! I know a place where we can celebrate the engagement!" He cheered, causing Castiel to smile softly.
Gabriel was too busy gaping at the college girl to reply, so Sam stepped in. "We're her uncles. My brother and his brother married," He replied as he shook the offered hand that quickly popped in his direction. "I'm Sam Wesson. It's nice meeting you, Doris."
Gabriel slapped a piece of paper on the table in the Library section of the Bunker. "Alright, it's now 2016 and I've had it with Bert and Ernie!" He growled out with a pissed expression on his face.
Gabriel snorted. "Yah think, baby bro?"
Sam snapped his fingers lightly beside his ear.
Upon arriving inside the Bunker, the four were very shocked to find Gabriel eating a lot of chocolate cake, looking anxious and depressed.
Claire's eyes widen, then they slowly narrowed in suspicion. This was all too coincidental. "Are you by any chance related to Dean Winchester?"
What he forgot, along with what his sons forgot, were a few research books about the Yellow Eyed Demon, a large envelope containing signed forms of the Yuson family giving their guardianship over to John Winchester, and a young girl trapped in her own spell.
" - AND you need to be married. With both of you actually having god-to-honest jobs." Sam finished with a slight smirk on his face, watching the smile fall and turn into shock and dismay.
Also, please wait for upcoming chapter with more notes over why I'm late on uploading. This chapter was supposed to be posted on March 7th, 2016.
Sam, who just got dressed from the shower and is currently drying his hair, moved over to the table in the Library area of the Bunker and pulled out a small USB drive. He plugged it into the side of the laptop and pulled out what resembled a computer mouse to John. He raised an eyebrow at it when Sam showed how it worked wirelessly before giving it to him.
She quickly scampered up to the board, scribbled a few numbers with chalk, then quickly sped back to her seat.
Everyone in the Impala nodded. Both Dean and Sam had taken turns telling their father how they met their grandfather, Henry Winchester.
Dean opened his mouth but closed it slowly hearing the words repeat again in his mind. He glanced at his father and his skin paled. John noticed this and looked over at his eldest son with caring eyes.
The female customer giggled. "Oh, he did! I just wanted to return the favor because the deal I got to pay for the damages doesn't do justice compared to the excellent service I got..." She winked at Dean when their eyes met, and Dean merely smiled and waved.
There was a bit of an intense silence before John spoke again.
for saving her sister's
What.
The archangel continued to ramble on as Dean leaned slowly toward Castiel. "You know it'd be really awesome if you were a professor, but... should we really trust short stack here to make a replica of a school from a fantasy book?" He whispered in the angel's ear.
Castiel and Dean Winchester, dressed in regular working outfits but nonetheless still the scary beings that they were.
"...when are we going to tell them that we kissed on New Years, confessed each other's feelings on your birthday, and got officially engaged on Valentine's Day?"
The old gruffy man stared at his son's back and wondered how he turned him into a literal 'Uncle Sam' material for education.
Gabriel snapped his fingers. "Sorry to bug you about this, but we have to keep track on this theory of yours. You can tell us the sob stories later." He bluntly told him.
Castiel turned to the new people in the room with a calm look on his face. "Ah, I believe you two are Zanna, correct?"
In three split seconds, the tallest Winchester stalked into the room with a determined gleam in his eyes. He moved towards his foster sister and grabbed her by the waist, hoisting her up like a measly sack of potatoes. He turned around to walk back out of the room. "You will go to school. I will hear no bickering. You have a very bright future ahead of you and no one will hurt you because we'll hurt them if they ever even think about it." Sam stated with a deadly calm voice as he carried Nikita to the shower stalls.
It was John's turn to snort and guffaw as he looked through the internet browser for the nearest and most reliable dentistry in Lebanon. "Yeah, right, and unicorns do exist."
Nikki glared at her Zanna. "Are you going to just stand there or help?!" She growled as she stalked towards him. He didn't bother feeling scared nor answer her - he was tasked to silently find possible pathways towards the Cage and happened to stand by one.
The Piper Boy pushed the teenagers towards the portal once he heard a howl and saw a bunch of monsters running from a few miles ahead. He cursed and shouted to run, turning his back towards them as he faced the monsters with his pipe.
"Dean... it's okay. You don't need to be labeled as anything," he spoke in a calm voice, something Sam rarely ever heard of in his earliest memories of his father. "You can be with whoever you want to be, just so long as they don't break your heart. That's where I step in."
The first thing that Nikita did was to throw salt at the boy.
The Winchester father wrinkled his nose but he tried to remain calm by thinking about that one special girl. "Too? Son, you don't remember?" He asked in a soft tone.
The angel beamed at him and practically dragged him into the store.
"Whoa whoa whoa! I'm not - I - uh..." Dean hastily put his hands up in the air. "I have to marry someone to claim my surrogate sister, okay? So your grandpa chose Cas. Plus, he and I click."
It was probably due to the fact that Crowley had to stay behind at the Bunker, though sadly he couldn't be in the Devil's Trap. (It was Dean's idea, much to Sam and John's reluctance.) The King of Hell didn't even want to leave the Bunker due to fact that his mother can never trace him in that location.
is that I shouldn't be lazy with my life, and neither should my spouse." Dean answered honestly but paused for a short moment. "...then again, we could always create a company here in town and do that insurance thing you just said." He looked around and sighed, climbing out of the car. "I have absolutely no idea what I want to do for work occupation, though."
Richard grinned and pulled out a lollipop sucker from his pocket, unwrapping the plastic and popped it in his mouth. "Why not?" He shrugged with a cocky grin.
Another crash jolted the couple to sit up straight.
Dean and Castiel find jobs while John connects to the Hunter World again with Sam's help. Gabriel eventually is released from John's trap to contact Crowley on an update with Jesse's life. A surprise visit arrives at the Bunker with more news that could change the Winchesters' lives.
He moved to grab the doorknob of his room, but then he heard a frail soft voice echo through the walls.
John and Gabriel entered the bedroom. The former's breath hitched at the room of icy furniture. "The source is in here... I know where she's hidden."
Dean smiled softly and patted his son on the shoulder. "Thanks, Ben... I'm glad you're with us now."
"Nikita! Nikita Yuson?" The Winchester boys shook their head slowly, not remembering. John sighed and ran his hand through his hair. "Dean, remember that time when you called me and we both felt dizzy that day?"
The two hybrids shook their heads.
Castiel stared at John with wonder and sadness in his eyes at the same time. At this point Gabriel is snoring on Castiel's right side by the window. As an archangel Gabriel doesn't have to sleep, but he likes humanity so at that moment he decided to conjure up a happy dream for himself. Sam had been appointed to drive while Dean decided to sleep after eating his pie. For the past hour or so John and Castiel have been whispering to each other, to which Sam ignored while driving because he didn't wish to eavesdrop on that conversation. He knew the angel felt obliged to report to his father about all that they've been through since he first met them.
Now, Nikita felt slightly protected, but it wasn't enough. She wanted John, the only family she's got.
"...nah, I would have thrown up." Dean yawned and glanced at the electric motel clock. "Hmm...ugh, I'm dizzy as fuck, though. Can we blow this joint? I heard from the news yesterday that there might be flu season coming through this town.
"Cass, she mixed angler fish with monk fish for that dish!" He hissed at him.
Still with suspicion, Sam nodded and hesitantly moved to where he remembered pulling the book off the shelf to check once. He flipped the pages over for the specific page and gave the book to his sister to see. "Mine named Sully visited me with help for a case. They're naturally nice to people, especially children, and are like djinn fairies who act like spirit guides for the children to their destined path happily." He folded his arms across his chest and leaned against one of the bookshelves. "Again I ask, why are you looking for information about Zanna? Did... did one look for you?"
"What on Earth...? How did I get here?"
Nikita touched her cheek where her painful tooth was and glared at John. He chuckled a bit and led the young girl to the dentist's office. Sam shook his head and made a few more phone calls.
"...this woman can see Juliet and actually thinks she's the cutest dog she's ever seen!"
The couple could hear Sam's curses from the inside of their room. After a while Gabriel's familiar voice piped in with a loud and obnoxious tone.
Gabriel growled at Dean. "First
Someone suddenly cleared their throat and she whipped her head to the seat next to her.
Nikita gasped as she startled awake. She glanced around her room and let out a shaky sigh of relief. It was only a dream.
"That's what I told the cops," The doctor sighed. "That's also why they arrested the person who hired her. He's in questioning now at the precinct, but sadly they have no proof that she was a victim of child abuse, so they just let her off and left yesterday."
"Who's Gadreel?"
Sam raised a stern eyebrow. "Don't you think the fact that we have to be cautious like this means that it's probably a bad idea?"
Meanwhile please do enjoy this chapter. I hope the story flow sorta makes sense. I'm about to make it weirder in the next chapter. :p
?" She hissed at her now-boyfriend, Ben.
Metatron continued to stare at her with a flabbergasted expression. A red-headed woman rolled her eyes and came out from behind a thick-wood tree. "Metatron, no time to waste! It is obvious that the tablet means it's her we have to kill!"
"We have to find the Cage first."
Nikita shyly bit her lip and nodded at Sam, then glanced back down at the book. "He said he doesn't have a name though, and that either I should give him a proper name or I have to make some kind of wish that allows for him to do so. The perfect wish." She pouted. "I don't know how to do that."
Ben froze at the name. "How... how do you know him?"
"Hey there, Moose. I've talked in depth with Angie and Jesse lately, and Jesse's in if your nephilim is in, too."
There were several noises of struggle and sobbing from the voice he heard before, which he could now distinguish as a teenager.
Nikita silently looked around the motel room after John left to 'hunt'.
Gabriel, meanwhile, sat in the corner gloomily in a small ring of fire in the kitchen. Apparently earlier while Sam tried to catch Dean from escaping their father's idea, the archangel decided to feed Nikita a bag of sweets. Although Nikita is a Nephilim, her body reacts like a human and has human habits. Gabriel had forgotten this once Nikita took a bite of chocolate and immediately howled in pain.
Bela glanced at Jesse's wings and thought for a moment.
Gabriel snickered. "Aw, you have a nickname for her!"
She walked back to her hotel room with her family, and Dean slowly made sure the salt lines were still intact before moving back to his bed near the door.
"Hey, Cas... have you ever thought about making pie for Dean? I bet he'd appreciate it after a long day of work." He suggested to the angel.
Now, Castiel wasn't an idiot - as an angel he was very conscious of various worlds and universes possibly colliding, thus added the six colleges for six departments: a yellow-orange building with a post modern architectural structure for the
Castiel sighed and nodded along, though he paused in his footsteps as he glanced at a shop on his right side.
Ben raised an eyebrow at him. "Castiel. Angel. You two are married now. Are you gay?" He spoke bluntly.
old, though you really need to be updated on everything, including on the hunting lifestyle. Not all monsters are bad."
John scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Oh, not this again. I'm actually proud of the tall fucker. It's his attitude that's the problem - I understand I raised him too hard in the world, so it may be my fault he's rebellious."
Gabriel overheard Sam's thoughts and grinned.
Everyone stared at Castiel for a moment before John broke the silence with another snort. He patted Castiel on the shoulder. "I like you, kid." He turned to his son and bent down to definitely take a good look at him through the open window. "See, son? Even the angel of the Lord sees that you got a chance and approves."
He listened to the call carefully, his eyes slowly narrowing down as anger shimmered to the surface. When he spoke, it was of a dead calm that surpassed Sam's dangerous tone of voice when speaking to others during anger. Coincidentally, the night sky suddenly shimmered into a blurry storm and behind Castiel rose a shadowy pair of huge battered wings.
John &Nikita quickly search for the Yellow Eyed Demon together, now that they have a name. They find out that Sam is the key player in what happened with John's wife, and they hear word about the Colt. Right before they look for the Colt, John secretly attempts to adopt her and promises to God that he will do what it takes to keep her as his own child. Two villains from the future make certain that John would never get off sidetracked of Heaven's destined plan (because otherwise they would never have accomplished so much).
"OH HELL NO MISSY!" Gabriel exclaimed and shook his head with his finger."We are definitely having this party to help you get more friends!"
"How would you like to help me with research at the library?"
---------------
The last person he hired was a woman, which he was definitely okay with, given the circumstances that he witnessed how quickly the young female learned to fix an engine and a flat tire within one hour. Dean figured she wasn't entirely human, either, especially once he saw how fast she worked on her own with 5 customers within two hours. She commented during the interview that Seattle had been a bad place for her, but it didn't really hit Dean of how strange she was until he noticed a bar code on the back of her neck when she tied her hair up. Her name was simply Max, but unfortunately with checks and regulations for the banks, one first name wouldn't suffice. He prodded her one day to reveal her last name until she blew up and tried to hit him, exclaiming that she never had a last name because she was busy being enslaved in a place called Manticore. (She was also angry that Dean looked like someone she knew and was very close with.)
Castiel was staying past his usual office hours to grade his first assignment papers from his students when he got the call from Claire. He checked the caller ID and smiled softly, putting down his pen and papers to answer the call. "Hello, Claire. How are you? ....what? Claire, calm down..... what happened?"
There were more shouts to follow, which were now inaudible, then it decreased. Dean realized now he was listening in on family drama and slowly stepped away from the wall and the door.
Castiel frowned at the thought and marched over to Gabriel. Ten minutes later Hannah appeared and helped Castiel calm Gabriel down. Dean decided to keep his distance and call whoever abandoned the salvage yard. He was ready to make a commitment for his family.
"Don't worry, sweetie. Richard here will take care of you," The doctor reassured the young girl in a soft and caring tone. "I hope to see you again someday, just not in these grounds, okay? I'm already in plans of transferring to another hospital nearby." Nikita gave the doctor a small smile while Richard popped out a pink umbrella with a Victoria's Secret design.
Sam sputtered silently and quickly regained confidence to prove he was right. From the kitchen doorway, Gabriel, Alex, and Jack peeked their heads out slowly to watch the scene before them.
Later when he arrived at his car, he noticed Dean staring at the hotel door next to their previous door with a sad gaze in the passenger seat. Sam, on the other hand, already started studying in the backseat of the car. John chuckled and shook his head at Sam's antics, causing Dean to get distracted and notice Sam's nerdy hobby. Slowly the family soon forgot the family drama and moved on.
The young girl took the hand that was offered to her without hesitation.
The boy simply winked. "Just call me your imaginary friend!" He called out as he disappeared. Before Nikita could grab the strange boy, a misty cloud covered the dark room and pushed her to fall against the leafy bed.
Dean barked while driving, "Hey! No hurting my Baby!"
Everyone was shocked as Nikki told them about her past and how she met John Winchester, up to the point of craziness that became her life after she woke up from saving herself from Rowena and Metatron's wrath. No one was surprised that Castiel asked Dean to marry him and that Dean was completely crazy for Castiel.
Dean glanced at his surroundings and sighed. His father assumed that the saddle ranch resort had a decent hotel and paid for his sons to have a fun vacation while he hunted an honored spirit.
Now all eyes were on the archangel.
Castiel stared at Claire's eyes and pout, then nodded quickly. "Okay. We have much space to fill here, anyway. Plus I can fulfill my vow to take care of you and watch over you any chance I get when you start your classes."
Doris, of course, didn't notice and nodded with a smile. "Of course! I'll tell everyone that the party will be here and that it starts at 7pm. See you later!" She chirped as she skipped out of the room.
Wanting to keep his bets in place, Crowley decided that the lady should leave. It wasn't looking too good through the window vision in the garage shop. He snuck back towards the group and approached the woman. "Excuse me, Miss...?"
The archangel turned to look at John with a raised eyebrow. He watched as the hunter dashed towards the closet door and slid it open to crouch down at the floor. John pried a loose floorboard open, letting the three other floorboards crumple.
I want to make a few points before anyone starts to read this chapter:
"Yes, John, my full experience with humanity was very recent."
"No problem."
Dean contemplated more and nodded in agreement. "I guess she really was Asian."
Take a glimpse into Castiel and Dean's work lives during the daytime! (And a little show of their parenting skills.)
Gabriel chewed in thought and swallowed before replying. "...I could maybe conjure up any kind of diploma to skip any detours in education - "
The Zanna teen responded, "I was sent to protect you... Hell is included in the package!" He shivered as he looked around the place. "Is it me or does it feel too cold in here?"
The Nephilim smiled slightly while reading her textbook.
Castiel could tell when Dean's mind snapped at a sudden memory, and the next thing he knew, Dean ran down the spiral staircase and sprinted towards his room. "We're gonna pack and leave in five minutes!"
Sam and Gabriel help Claire adjust to her new life in college with responsibility and partying (the 2nd part being Gabe's fault).
"What are you doing here, Sully?" he growled sleepily.
"Really? Damn." John muttered and shook his head. "I raised two hellfires - wait, shit!" His eyes widened and he shook both of his sons. "Let's just drop whatever's going on right now for later business - we have to save your sister!"
***Blueberry buckle recipe: http://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/blueberry_buckle/
Dean glanced up from his conversation with a customer as the truck parked at the garage shop. He smiled softly and excused himself with the customer, who happened to be a flirty female. John noticed that not once did Dean check her chest.
To both Gabriel and John's shock, the hidden basement slowly felt warm in temperature. Castiel calmly walked down the small stone of stairs to look for them. "The ice is rapidly melting around the cabin," he informed his brother. "I suggest we evacuate the area before the wet wooden material of this old cabin collapses on us." He turned to John and added, "Your sons have found the documents that prove your words and their lost memories true. They are now arguing about custody rights for the child in your arms."
Sam narrowed his eyes in confusion while lowering his gun. "What are you talking about?"
Dean turned to get a good look at him and he blushed, smiling slightly. "Hey, angel, you forgot to tie it properly again."
Nikki's eyes widened in frantic fear. "Are you nuts?! How the hell are you going to hold them off with THAT?!" She gestured to the pipe the Zanna was holding.
Gabriel frowned and bit a chocolate lollipop that came out of nowhere. "Your father sprung me out before having Sam drive him and the Nephilim to the dentist." He turned to Castiel." As I was saying, I can make a new institution or a university that specializes in the education for hunters worldwide! Can you imagine the possibilities?!" The archangel waved his hands in the air and spun a little, reminding both Dean and Castiel of a young boy playing outdoors. That was how excited Gabriel seemed to beat the moment.
She quietly shook and folded herself in the corner with her arms wrapped around her knees. She controlled her breathing when she heard the young man around her age she just met today call out for her.
"So... all these folklore stuff are real?"
"Dean? Did we go out on a bender?"
It was then that Lucifer can be heard cackling inside the Cage. The hybrid humans turned to the manifestation of Sam's body grinning at them behind bars. His eyes glowed bright red, showing his status as Lucifer. Because Sam was Lucifer's true vessel, they could see Lucifer's grace form to look like Sam, which made them feel slightly ill at the sight.
But that still made Castiel feel happy that he'd spend less time with Crowley.
Sure, the ponies were fun for Sam & Dean, but the elder son preferred to live in a hotel that didn't look and feel like a
Dean's eyes widened at the sudden sound of objects crashing on a wall, like a small crate of...
we buy groceries." Dean marched away from the angel and into the grocery store. He did not want to think about turning domestic in a chic-flick kind of way. Nope.
Now Nikita silently munched on spaghetti that Castiel quickly cooked (something he remembered perfecting when he was human) after taking pain medication. John decided to find a doctor and a dentist for his daughter's needs, but in order to pay less and get insurance, he decided to quickly forge documents for Dean Clapton's custody for the kid, thus emphasizing his idea to have Castiel Page married to Dean in forged documents.
"Why did he pass out?"
John grunted in disapproval and glanced at where Nikita's door is once more. "I think after she's healed I'll be able to check her out myself and lead her to CPS so they can help her."
"Ben?"
It was Jesse who responded this time. "We can take you to him, if you'd like, but after we raise your soul from Perdition."
"WHY CAN'T YOU LET ME LIVE?! I'M OLD ENOUGH TO FOLLOW MY OWN RULES! LISTEN TO ME AND TALK TO ME LIKE AN ADULT!"
Said girl named Claire looked up at him with a wide smile. "Hey, Castiel - check out my progress report! I can graduate from high school in a month!" She cheered as she pulled out her folded copy of her report from her back pocket to give to Castiel.
"....did I also mention that we'll be staying there for at least 5 months, so you can stay in school undercover while Dean stays at home?"
She sat down and pulled out her assigned textbooks needed for this lesson, which was English at the moment.
Claire scrunched up her face as she stared at a plate with a piece of fried meat with melted cheese on top. "What is
Fortunately, Castiel was able to feel Sam's discomfort (thank God for angel powers) because it was his turn to change the subject after a brief close on the previous topic. "He was manipulated his whole life and it brought him great despair in his angelic being, but he changed for the better and died a true warrior of Heaven and Humanity." He sat up and adjusted his seating posture in a calm and relaxing state. "Anyway, I had found sex to be quite pleasing with women."
".... mmmm... Johnnn... where are we?" A soft voice spoke with a tone of fatigue.
"WHAT THE FUCK?!"
He overheard the small conversation happening from the kitchen and smiled softly as Castiel asked Dean how classes are. Dean had recently enrolled into online classes. He automatically got into MIT with his online test scores and had permission from the school to take classes online because of his ongoing business at work. John felt so proud when Dean first announced his education plans about a month ago during dinner one evening - he abruptly got up from his seat at the dining table and glomped his eldest son into a hug with Sam. Dean was finally applying himself in life without the thought of being only good for hunting.
She can banish the people in the cabin and protect it until John comes back to his senses.
If Nikita was going to cast the spell, she should do it
The archangel frowned as he finished his slice of cheesecake. "It's a two man mission, and only abominations, such as cambions and nephilims, can free souls that do not deserve Hell or Purgatory, and that includes the Cage. Since the Nephilim is nothing related to a demon, he or she must taint their wings slightly to help free any soul from the Cage in order to be the supporting strength that a Cambion needs. The only way to do that is for the Nephilim to free another soul from Hell."
John's face turned red, and the next thing he knew he blew up.
Ben shook his head and hugged Dean tightly as well. "I didn't know either, but I found out after I graduated from high school. Mom and I suddenly remembered who you were but I was still okay with it. She, on the other hand, didn't want to be anywhere near you." He pulled away slightly to look at his dad and how well he aged from the last time he saw him. "She and I had a falling out and.... I wanted to find you so bad, so I came to where it all started for you..."
Gabriel thought to himself.
There was a rustle noise of the bedroom door opening and then he groaned, obviously not seeing Claire in her bedroom. "Come on! Don't be such a prude! You know you want it!"
John smacked his forehead with his palm as he remembered. "Fuck! Of course! I'll text you coordinates - I know how to defeat the demon." Without another word, he hung up the call and glanced once more at the cabin he vaguely remembered being in before hopping into the truck and driving off. At the moment, his mind was focused on the Yellow Eyed Demon.
As soon as Castiel spoke his last sentence, the cabin's interior foundation started to creak more than usual. Immediately the three men ran up the stairs and out of the hidden basement, but not before John securely kept Nikita in his arms and Gabriel fetched the now unfrozen big book of spells that Nikita had used for the spell in the first place. He deemed it useful.
Everyone in the Bunker froze.
"THE BOY DID WHAT?! WHERE IS HE?! I'M GOING TO KILL HIM - "
After Claire called Castiel and Dean and told them where her dorm room was exactly, she remained in the back end of her closet room, quietly sniffling while rubbing the tears from her eyes.
Ignoring the men laughing, Dean frowned. "Didn't Dad's will say that I had to have a job, have a home, and be married?"
Castiel frowned and sighed. "I regret trying to kill him at the time. I assumed he was a possible threat to humanity for when Lucifer reigns. Now I see that cannot happen. He is an innocent child."
Castiel was not only the school dean for the Mythology & Religious Department, but he also started teaching human classes on the subjects of Bible Studies With Recent Evidence  and Evidence Supporting Fable Myths.
"Oh, baby, I'm so sorry... I wasn't ever gonna hit ya, honey... I'm just mad at the demon, you know that..." John whispered gently as he crouched slowly towards her and envelop her in a hug. She immediately leaned into the embrace and started to cry - an act that silently shocked John because since she met her he had never seen or heard her cry.
Gabriel filed his nails in his own personal room at the Bunker with a phone by his ear. It had been three weeks since he helped Dean and Castiel maintain actual occupations with benefits, though he was still upset when he was outvoted over recreating an actual Hogwarts school. "Yeah?"
John raised an eyebrow at Dean as he finished packing Dean's stuff. Sam happily started packing his own duffel bag.
At the moment, he had to babysit his 13 year old brother Sammy in the hotel room while his father went to investigate a newly built house about two miles from the hotel. It turns out that the workers and the owner of the house decided that the house should be built on sacred ground. That part of the ground was only sacred because of an Indian burial. Needless to say the elderly Indian spirit was not at peace when this happened. His remains were tossed somewhere in a rubble further away from the house, so John Winchester had his work cut out for him.
Benny then talked about his own life, how he met Dean, and what he did on Earth with Dean before dying again and going to Purgatory in order to rescue Sam for Dean's sake. Everyone sympathized with him, and as the Piper Boy started talking about what Zanna are, Jesse met Nikki's eyes and they both nodded at what they were going to do, especially with Crowley's phone call earlier before they rescued Bela from Hell.
"Why are the Zanna here, Sam?"
Castiel covered his face in embarrassment as silence passed through the Impala.
Nikita blinked and stared at him. "I'm no prophet... I've never written a Bible."
Castiel shook his head and remained stubborn. "I may have developed human taste buds, but I still remain an angel." With another deep breath, he walked further into the kitchen and sat between Gabriel and Donna, who were already starting on their hefty helpings of burgers with beetroot included inside the bun. He slowly grabbed one of the burgers and started to munch on it.
4. I like seeing the numbers of how many people read this. It's a good number if it's increasing, whether slowly or fast. I don't mind any kudos or comments, and I do encourage to do so after you read if you want to. :)
"Who are you?"
Nikki's eyes widened in realization as she remembered conversations with her family. "Do you by chance know Dean Winchester?" She asked him.
It indeed has been taking me so long to update. To anyone who is reading this or have been following up to this, I apologize for the slow updates. Hope you like this story. :)
Yep, she sounded drugged...
Said creature nervously chuckled and slowly backed away from the gun that was pointing at him at the moment, "Um... I was just shocked, that's all..."
Claire slowly blinked at Ben after the short explanation (though it felt like a lengthy one) and nodded slowly, wincing at her face.
5. ....did you guys notice from last chapter? I snuck in a little bit of everything.... damn, which means I have to add new tags. Let me know if I left out anything in the tags.
The tall man looked confused. "Then how..." "Sam." John interrupted, causing his youngest son to turn at his attention.
"No need." Castiel growled quietly at his brother. "Claire called back and said that someone saved her and that they're staying in the bedroom until we've arrived."
Both Dean and Castiel, now dressed in pajamas (Dean with black pajama shorts and grey shirt and Castiel in only checkered pajama pants), gave their brothers flat stares and replied in unison. "We've been engaged since Valentine's Day."
"ARE YOU FOR REAL?! IT'S JUST A VASE!"
3. Sometimes I wonder if I should make a Gabriel/Sam tag thing going, but I don't think I should for this story.
Hannah's eyes slowly widened. "Oh no."
"Language!" Jody automatically reprimanded the young girl with her authoritative voice. Claire snorted and rolled her eyes, but quickly stopped once she saw Castiel's stern glare aimed in her direction.
He wanted so badly to report to CPS, but he couldn't.
! Ice melted but weak foundation blasted due to the strength of the spell and how weak the foundation of the cabin was to begin with."
Dean slowly nodded his head. "Okay, makes sense." He went back to glaring at Gabriel. "Now explain how you managed to escape Lucifer's grasp and how you were in cahoots with Metatron."
After leaving the Bunker with the Impala, Dean and Castiel drove toward the nearest populated area in town to look for a job. To get insurance in support for raising the Nephilim, the now legal couple had to find legal jobs with a good benefits package.
Crowley raised an eyebrow and snapped his fingers before Gabriel could stop him.
"Great! The nephilim is no longer hidden and ready to mingle on to Hell with us."
Said teen was on lookout with the Piper Boy around the Cage, and they were also trying to ignore Lucifer's insults on their existence. "Yeah?" She called out towards the cambion.
The elder Winchester brother's eyes widened as he caught on to the idea. "Because Nikki is only a nephilim by special circumstances, she can turn her powers off and conserve her energy, causing the portal for Earth to open for her..." He gently explained to the other confused people in the Bunker.
P.S.: The setting is still in 2005.
The supernatural group gasped and turned to find a burly vampire with a nice looking cap. They each held a weapon: The Piper Boy used his musical pipe, Nikki had her personalized angel blade in hand, Jesse held a sharp tooth-like weapon (which came from one of his wings... turns out his cambion wings can reproduce the talons as sharp pointy weapons), and Bela had borrowed Nikki's gun.
She tried to pray to Gabriel, but she forgot that she warded her dorm room entirely so that all types of angels wouldn't be able to locate her or enter her dreams. Dean's father, John, warned her earlier about Nikita's imaginary friend and sleep patterns. He analyzed them and one of the causes he came up with was that it could be an angel trying to enter her dreams.
The couple frowned in unison at him. "What is that supposed to mean, Sam?" Dean asked in growing anger.
"Dammit!" Dean slammed a palm down on the wooden table in the Bunker. He glared at the phone, which was on speakerphone with the King of Hell. "How the fuck did we miss this?!" He shouted at the phone.
It seemed to satisfy Dean because he grunted in approval and spoke a soft farewell with Sam's grumbling in the background. John muttered his own goodbyes before hanging up. He shook his head.
"Ah, my name is Cecelia Camden! My daddy owns my stupid 2015 Chevrolet Mustang over there - " she gestured to the hot pink vehicle nearby as she continued talking, " - and he owns 3 mansions in Arizona. He likes buying me stuff." Cecelia noticed Dean coming towards her and she quickly pushed her boobs up so it looks like they're coming out of her skinny tank top. She looked up and smiled, only for it to falter when she saw Dean walking beside his supposed husband.
"Dad, don't!"
The Piper Boy frowned at Nikita and flicked her forehead gently, causing her to wince slightly. "Stop thinking like that! There's nothing wrong with my natural features."
Although, there had been many single women (either in relation to a student or friends with a student) flirting with him, but he would always show his ring when walking around campus and show off his pictures with Dean framed on his desk if he was in his office with those women. Some would back off immediately and others would still remain flirting with him, to which he'd quickly call lunch break and fly off to visit Dean.
He quietly chuckled and quickly took a photo, quietly creeping out of the room before Castiel would wake up from his slumber. Lately the angel would take power naps to help recover his grace, but also to spend time alone with Dean in his dreams. Dean was always happy to oblige spending any kind of time with him.
"Where the fuck are we?!"
He shook his head in reply. "It's none of our business. Just go back to sleep, Sammy."
Before both Dean and Castiel could respond, Nikita grabbed John's face and looked at him closely. "You look about a few years older..." She spoke more audible and clear, feeling more awake than before as she stretched her back a bit. She glanced at the Winchester brothers and her eyes widened slightly. "Whoa, you two look a lot older than when we first met!" She blurted out.
John nodded on, wanting to change the subject quickly. He couldn't help but feel a tug in his heart after hearing a bit of Sam's life before the fire. He'll get the son of a bitch for killing their women soon. "So, Doc, what about Ms. Yuson's admittance in the hospital? What is her recent injury this time?"
"Two," Castiel stated with a dead calm to his deep voice. "- you threw a party that grew alarmingly fast in size population that it reached its maximum and the neighbors had to call in complaints."
"WHY NOT?! THIS IS RACISM! IT'S BECAUSE SHE'S NOT ASIAN!"
The boy snorted in reply.
The doctor continued on with a grimace on his facial features. "The nurses kept bringing food for the patient, which angered the mother because she thought that Nikita needed to be taught a lesson. Instead, she sent the food that was supposed to be for her to her older sister, Mary Anne, who's currently in a coma and was transported to the medical facility in Los Angeles... apparently we weren't good enough to treat their precious daughter." Now John could understand why the doctor could be holding a grudge against the Yuson family. "Nikita's father was able to sneak in the food that was for her, but it's usually just the soup and crackers. The rest of the food was kept to him and his wife in Mary Anne's room."
Metatron stopped complaining and slowly smiled the same way. "You're right! Maybe the brat's power backlashed on her, considering I don't feel her power right now."
"Yeah, and with the whole family living together now, thanks to Gabriel and Uncle Sam, I think you should have this break. He's worth the risk."
She gasped and dashed to the bottom of the bed, quickly crawling underneath the bed to hide.
He took a deep breath and slowly let it out in a sigh.
"...I really wish I could talk to my old man. Shit... I just... dammit, Dad!" John slammed his open palm against the window.
Weems grunted in agreement and smiled along with Sully. "Yep, we're the best of pals! And Sully here used to be Sam's spirit guide as a kid!"
Sam growled in frustration and shook his head. "I mean it, Dean. Nikki's never had an imaginary friend before, and all of a sudden he appears and doesn't even have a name?"
She overheard Rowena speak again after muttering a few incantations for her spell, indicating that the spell had sadly worked. "In a moment, they will not remember this nephilim and we can go on to kill it, my dear ex-angel." Rowena paused for a moment before stating a remark, drawing Nikita's blood running cold in fear.
Nikki turned her naturally innocent look at her charge. "He's my brother by choice... I'm more closer to his father, though..."
Dean slammed his foot on the breaks.
Before Claire could deny the invitation or try to weasel her way out of it (she just wanted to make friends and study), Gabriel snapped out of his stupor and hopped on board with the idea. "Yes! Of course! We'll help our niece with the decorations and whatnot! Drinks are on us!" He exclaimed cheerfully, though both Sam and Claire noticed he didn't have the same joyful bounce he had earlier.
Both men groaned as they slowly climbed out of the bed. Yeah, life was still good so far.
"You mean this whole time I have been taking care of a Nephilim?"
People thought of her as cold and calculating for money profits.
Unfortunately for him, Gabriel could still read his thoughts and he grinned at Doris. "Heya, Ms. Lovegood! By any chance is your mother's name Luna, and do you know anyone by Hermoine Granger?" He asked to tease her.
That was reassurance for Jesse as well, as it turns out, when he told his story about having an early childhood with strange powers and distant parents, who turned out weren't his real parents. His slightly disastrous experience with Sam Winchester and Castiel were expressed into the story, along with showcasing just how good Dean is with children. Nikki had to reassure both him and Benny that Sam and Castiel had changed as well, although she heard about Sam's stupid time making Dean feel like shit before he became a demon. Then Jesse and the Piper Boy had to restrain Benny from destroying part of the forest in anger on behalf of Dean's emotional well-being. Bela started to feel more comfortable with seeing the Winchesters again, especially if Nikki is by her side.
"You know, you have to name me in order for me to exist in your universe once you turn 18. So far, I can only travel when you're daydreaming," The Piper Boy nonchalantly spoke up about himself (technically) while sitting back down on the empty seat beside Nikita.
, where people associated with hunters can help research or understand the supernatural natures of the world and learn how to aide other victims in the future of supernatural causes (2 floors - basement floor is very wide and travels to the outdoors as a parking structure); and lastly, a cream colored building with some ivory stems grown around it that appears in a gothic cathedral style of architecture was made as the
"Wouldn't it be easier to create insurance to help benefit your sister and to make our own jobs? I used some of my grace earlier to help Sam authenticate legal documents of our marriage, identities, and custody of Nikita."
There standing in the main desk lobby of the dorm building was Castiel and Dean Winchester.
Although he is an archangel, knowing the Winchesters, he might be powerless if he ends up misbehaving. He learned early on never to underestimate the Winchesters.
"Shhh! People will think you're weird for talking to nobody! You're the only one that sees me." The young boy informed her as he slowly let go of her and stayed at his side of the desk.
"I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT THIS IS HAPPENING!" John roared as he stormed through the hotel door, kicking it open after Nikita quickly unlocked it with her passkey.
"I heard about your bet and I'm still in..."  Max whispered quickly to Sam as Claire ran over to them after climbing out of Castiel's car as quickly as she could.
Castiel was baking in the kitchen. Lately with some guidance from Dean, he found comfort in baking. Dean was a great master at cooking, and together they conquered the kitchen together.
"There's something that has to be done with Nikki and her Zanna, Dean."
how Team Free Will fucking broke the world again! I heard that this is probably the 4th time you brought the world into trouble!"
Sam gaped at Dean and furrowed his eyebrows at his father, who was now grinning with a gleam of hope in his eye. "Dad?"
Rowena and Metatron crashed on their backs back into an abandoned wine warehouse in Ireland. They both groaned in unison as they slowly climbed at the numerous wine boxes.
How dare this yellow-eyed bastard bleed in his son's mouth before killing his wife? Sam now has a screwed up destiny of either dying or gaining demon powers to help Azazel lead an army for Lucifer.
Donna's eyes lit up seeing the fairy bread and inched closer to the plate, which then caused Gabriel, who already sat at the table to eat Tim Tams, to bring said plate closer to her while munching on the homemade biscuit.
The black 1967 Chevrolet Impala strolled down the small hill path and toward the front of the cabin. All five of the occupants in the vehicle climbed out and stared at the small brown cabin. The place actually looked decent if no one minded the cold and slightly icy particles hanging by the edges of the rooftop.
"Who's gonna pick that up?" John calmly asked as he calmly walked in from the front door of the Bunker.
. It might be a perfect name for you."
"OUR SISTER?! WE HAVE A SISTER, TOO?!" Dean shouted in John's face.
Everyone in the library annex stared at the Zanna in confusion. "Who the hell is the Piper Boy?" asked Dean.
"Tough shit. You killed Balthy, so now I call you Cassie!"
Dean and Sam turned quickly to stare at Castiel. "Seriously?!" They both exclaimed. They glanced over at their father and adopted sister, who looked too entertained at the situation in front of them alongside Jody.
Castiel walked with Dean through the local mall after grocery shopping with him. They had to find new clothes to wear for the people who missed nine years of their lives of the latest common fashion trends (according to their new identities; John Clapton [Dean's brother] and Nikita Yuson-Clapton).
John snorted in amusement.
"They're helping me with some research for the Men of Letters. So anyways, like they said, you don't really have to make all these things. You can zap them into existence like Gabriel does."
"Hey, he may be strange, but he's a really nice guy with a lot of hunting credentials under his belt. He's retired now, but he'll be sure to contact some people who still trust him in his state, then it'll start becoming a phone tree from there."
"Now go!" He gestured to the slowly closing portal. "My kind can pop in and out of realms - we're dream creatures first and foremost! I can meet you on the topside - I'm buying you time for safety!" He shouted and turned back to see werewolves and Leviathans coming closer by about a mile away now.
"Dad, really? We're moving again? We just got here!"
All the Winchesters turned to the angel in shock. "You mean Sleeping Beauty is a real story?!" Dean shouted/asked/demanded. One never knew what tone Dean specifically sounds like when he gets this way.
Gabriel snorted. "Since when were you such a prude? Come on! You could even be lookout when the party starts, and I'll watch for any suspicious before, okay?" He gestured to the nearest window with the salt line. "Maybe check out the hot teachers and prude R.A.s around campus? I'll deal with nearby security guards and cops."
"Hello, my name is John Clapton and this here's my lovely niece, Nikki." The eldest Winchester introduced him and his adopted daughter to the front desk clerk of the dentistry. He and Sam brought the girl there for a dental checkup. "But I tend to check up on her as if she's my very own daughter. Nikki, darlin', say hi to the pretty lady here," he coaxed Nikita gently. The girl shyly waved at the front desk clerk, causing the young woman to squeal. "Awww~! She's so cute! You'll be bumped up on the waiting list, kay, sweetie?"
Sam frowned and glanced at the windows and door that was frozen shut. "I think maybe you might want to rethink that idea, Dad." He calmly suggested while pulling his jacket on from the car.
Dean slowly hung up the phone and turned to the other occupants in the car. After hearing the entire discussion, John frowned at his eldest son. "Really, Dean? I can't believe you said those words to her! Those were her last words before she died!" He slapped the back of his son's head. "No child should be touched that way at all! It might as well looked like you supported her late father when she was alive - "
(See the end of the chapter for
A sharp gasp filled the hotel room after a moment of cold silence.
Meanwhile, Sam spoke quietly on the phone in code words to Garth, the ex-hunter-turned-happy-family-werewolf. "Yes, for the last time, Garth, John is back in the business and alive." A middle aged lady who sat next to Sam slowly turned to him with wide eyes. Sam noticed and quickly explained with a smooth reply. "My eldest cousin in the family was in the witness protection program for... conducting some business... he's been pardoned and is now a private bounty hunter." The woman's eyes widened more and quickly minded her own business, slowly scooching away from him as she grabbed a magazine to read and focus on.
"My Zanna, apparently, who has no fucking name and is basically an imaginary friend..." The young girl grumbled towards the slightly older teen. She glared at the Zanna. "What're you doing here, Piper Boy? This is Hell!"
"YOU WHAT?! SINCE WHEN?!" Sam & Gabriel cried out, with the former being alarmed and the latter being joyful over the fact that this news was a happy shock.
What he did mind, however, was Sam disrupting his sleep with his yelling.
"You didn't imagine much of an apple pie life, period."
Gabriel grimaced at the thought. "Speaking of mirage, that's why I broke out of my cage... did you guys kill Metatron? His grace was the only thing holding me in my cage."
Later as John drove away Richard and Dr. Harkness watched them leave, then turned to each other.
John's eyes widened and his body turned quickly to where Nikita stood, and he wasn't surprised she was no longer standing there.
Claire gaped at the angel and spun to gape at the two strangers in front of her, who were eyeing her warily and took a step back.
Alex, who turned out to be X5-494, was currently on his way to Kansas to join Max. After further explanation from Max, Hugo stepped up and shakily revealed himself as a wizard. Dean had a feeling he wasn't a normal human being, so he simply nodded at the explanation. With how silent their boss was, both Max and Hugo stared at him with confusion and disbelief until Zuriel mentioned that he was an angel in an empty human vessel (he consented with the previous soul before the soul could move on to Heaven). Dean had mentioned after that that he was a hunter and that he's married to an angel, so hearing all these explanations from each of his employees wasn't exactly a surprise.
Sam perked up at the mention of staying in school for a semester. Dean pouted at the idea of staying cooped up indoors and whined. "Oh come on!"
Everything I've created purely out of imagination literally froze under my hands. So many things reminded me of him.
John and Castiel continued to stare at him blankly. Sam suddenly remembered and nodded, noticing in surprise how Dean nodded along and said something that anyone in the car would never expect
John and Nikki walked out dressed in semi-casual attire, with John adding a leather jacket to his suit attire and Nikki wearing a denim jacket over her flowery dress. The Winchester patriarch frowned at the boys. "Why do you two look like you've been at a mechanic shop? Chop, chop! Go wear something nice for the dinner tonight! I got reservations at Mass St. Fish House & Raw Bar - now git!" He ordered them, causing the boys to grumble yet hop over to their rooms to get dressed.
"FOR THE LAST TIME, YOU'RE NOT LOKI!"
Curious, Dean got up from his own bed and moved towards the wall slowly. He leaned in and lightly pressed his ear against the icky yellow wallpaper.
John couldn't help but snort. "Except for Mary's family. They were always so full of their 'righteous' beliefs that that was what convinced Mary to elope with me... well, before the Michael situation Castiel here told me just now."
John finished packing up so they could leave the hotel and glanced at the last thing that needs packing which was what Nikita was currently staring at. "Yep. Samuel Colt created a gun that could kill anything, except for very few species of the supernatural world, but it'll make our lives easier if we get our hands on that Colt. Besides, he's only made a dozen bullets, from what it says there," He explained briefly with an accomplished look on his face.
Dean snorted and nodded in agreement. "I can't believe he was supposed to take care of any baby at all!"
It's hard to recap all 10 past seasons of Supernatural. Seriously, this is my greatest effort to pull off a story fic with this much information altered for my idea to pull through.
The Winchesters and Crowley turned to Castiel. "You did what?! Why didn't you tell us, Cas?!" Dean yelled.
"Careful, Winchester. She might break if you go rough on her." Gabriel lightly commented as he sauntered over to the bed and sat down gingerly on the icy bed sheets. He scanned his surroundings and internally noted how well the spell worked for Nikita.
John smiled back at her and squeezed her in the hug. "I'm countin' on it, darlin'..." He drawled out playfully.
Dean frowned in confusion, but apparently Crowley thought it was a good idea. "Yes, Moose, they can sneak through Purgatory to raise Bela from the grave, and at the same time their powers will not be severely depleted in their young bodies."
John and Sam groaned in unison as Gabriel grinned at Dean. Castiel was internally evaluating himself as to why he felt dread when Dean started talking about a man he was attracted to.
A familiar pale boy with the big green almond-shaped eyes smiled at her. She frowned and opened her mouth to speak, but the boy quickly clamped it shut with his cold hand.
John raised an eyebrow. "Puppies? Don't you mean babies?"
Nikita scrambled off where she laid, which turned out to be a huge soft leaf folded as a bed, and frowned at the boy. "No... I was trying to kill you." She spoke ever so bluntly.
So I realize it's been so fucking long since I updated.
All eyes snapped over to the little girl in John's arms who rubbed her eyes with one of her hands. She no longer looked frozen or dead.
Castiel, who tilted his head slightly and didn't bother to hide by the doorway, mumbled softly to Dean's ear. "What type of meat is stuffed in the pie?" He asked while pointing at the huge hefty pie next to Gabriel on the counter top.
Nikita frowned and wrinkled her small button-shaped nose, causing John to crack a smile. The girl was just too cute for words - and crap, he's already getting used to the little Asian kid.
"Okay... what the fuck was that?"
The stranger was a young boy around her age and appeared to look pale. He had a childish innocent smile on his face and proceeded to play the pipe in his hand.
P.S.: A little more Doctor Who/Torchwood for you. ;)
I wouldn't have survived," Nikita voiced aloud her pensive thoughts as she glanced over at John. "Sometimes I dream of what could have happened if your family wasn't around mine in specific details... it gets really ugly and lonely..." Her voice drifted off to a quiet whisper and she looked down at her feet barely hitting the floor carpeting of the truck.
The vampire's eyes widened in shock, causing the rest of the group to suddenly chuckle at the brief comedic awkwardness that is the Zanna teen.
"Not now, Dad..." Sam grumbled as he leaned forward in his chair towards the phone. "Are you thinking what I think you might be thinking?"
John looked at Sam and then Dean with a sad smile on his face. "Someone who deserved to be a part of our family, just as we deserve to be in hers." His face changed with a look of determination. "We have to look for her,
He ran in there and froze at Nikita hiding in the large closet that sits across from the dressing table area. She was crouched in a fetal position with her arms covering her legs while her head gets buried in her own embrace.
The teacher sputtered before stalking off the classroom. The principal muttered "I never liked her..." before smiling at the student Mrs. Halpern was glaring at. "Your answer was correct, by the way. I apologize on her behalf. Class is dismissed everyone!"
"Did you really had to endure Cassie's eye fuck fest with Dean this whole time? I don't envy you."
Because Gabriel quickly gets bored and annoying, Castiel decided to make him the school president, which excited the archangel. (In the end Castiel reluctantly let Gabriel decorate one building in a slight Hogwarts style.
Sam threw a bitch face at him as one of the neighbors on the same floor of the dormitory building overheard Gabriel's exclamation and looked at him funny before scoffing and retreating with a box in her arms.
The young Asian girl giggled and headed towards the Impala, with her father following her with a chuckle.
"The strangest thing is happening, Gabriel...."
Only 5 more hours to go....
See what I did there? I added Dr. Who/Torchwood character as a tiny crossover. May or may not add a tiny few chapters on either fandom crossover, but I won't tag it as such (as I'm not sure when I'll write it or if I write it) because the story is mainly Supernatural-based.
Dean growled as he wiped his eyes from crust. "Dude, I fucking hate witches. I wouldn't be surprised. What are you doing in a cabin? Does it have anything to do with the Yellow Eyed Demon?" He mumbled over the phone.
"Gabriel, did you bring the show to life or something? Because I'd rather not deal with Weeping Angels or Daleks while we're in this trip."
"...Asian descent, jet black hair?"
The taller Winchester sighed, feeling clueless, and slowly moved down the stairs and toward his own room.
Both Castiel and Dean nodded. The latter male counted by his fingers. "One - you weren't watching out for Claire."
"WHAT?! HOW THE HELL - WHERE THE FUCK IS THIS PARTY?! ...HOW THE FUCK DID THAT DAMN ARCHANGEL BRING AN ELEPHANT AROUND THE BLOCK?! ...SAMMY'S WHERE?! ...WHO WAS THE BOY WHO DID WHAT?!"
Sam smirked at his father. "Well... there was this one case Dean and I was on..."
Nikki's eyes widened in alarm as she turned to look at Jesse's unsure and pale face. "What do you mean? Dean and Sam said they saw Adam themselves go into Hell and be tortured in the Cage."
"The plan to pick up Adam Milligan and Bela Talbot should commence as soon as possible... I'm sorry to have interrupted things, really, as I know you were celebrating your engagement today, but both Angie and Jesse insist that the sooner this is done, the better."
Both Sam and Gabriel looked at Castiel in surprise. They both thought it would have been Dean to ask the angel.
Castiel and John glanced at him with raised eyebrows, and the angel was the one to point out, "Crowley, you have human feelings now due to your mother's spell, so holy water will not affect you as much as a regular demon. It would feel as if you drank a strong alcoholic beverage that you were not supposed to drink due to heart burns."
He heard more grumbling from his youngest son.
Castiel sat up straight and frowned. "What about Bela? She must be still stuck in her Hell with her sexually abusive father and alcoholic mother. Shouldn't she be rescued, too?"
The teacher smiled and gestured to the new student standing beside her. "Everyone, please welcome your new classmate in this institution, Nikita Yuson-Clapton!"
Sam nodded and yawned, drifting off back to sleep.
Dean frowned. "What do you mean, 'in'? Just - oh..." He glanced at Nikki and Gabriel. The archangel tensed as he got the hint and wrapped his arm around Nikki in resignation. "...when is Jesse ready?"
Gabriel pouted but eventually relented. "So that's what happened to the Nephilim, and here we are, searching for her. You're welcome, by the way, of getting rid of the Weeping Angel who did this to her, as well as terrorizing the staff at the hospital near Stanford. Jack and I had a blast sending them all to the universe where majority of the Weeping Angels reside in."
Said archangel gulped and turned around, letting go of the funnel pretty quickly.
The father caught on and quickly replied, "Not much, but I was one of the detectives who had to question him the day after the fire incident happened." The doctor thought it was a good excuse and nodded, going on with his story on Nikita.
"But Dean, the door has been left open for 2 1/2 months now, and not one person bothered to check up on us, well, except your father."
A young girl named Abby shook in her bedroom, crying as she watched her father walk into the room with a leer on his face. All of a sudden he was stabbed in the back and he sagged onto the carpet.
Bela narrowed her eyes sharply at her. "How do YOU know Dean Winchester?" She demanded before the vampire could answer.
Dean chuckled and rolled his eyes as he hugged his family (+ Jody included) first before helping both odd beings down from the truck. Right as he guided all of them to the shop building, a 1978 tan colored Lincoln Continental Mark V rolled into the shop grounds beside John's black colored 2008 Dodge Ram. Crowley and Sam groaned at the sight. "Jesus, not that pimp ride again!" The King of Hell complained and stalked into the shop. Max, walking towards the group, easily dodged the demon and stood beside Sam.
Dean raised an eyebrow while rubbing his arms. No one commented when Castiel reached over and placed a hand on Dean's lower back to emulate warmth in his body. "...Dad? What are you looking for?"
All the nurses merely glanced at the whiteboard on the wall in reply. John marched over to the wall by the entrance of the pediatric ward and checked for Nikita's name. It was labeled with a red sticker, indicating 'Critical Care', but there was no name of any nurse assigned to her. In fact, Nikita's name on the list was the only one that had a blank space for nurse names. At least the doctor that he previously talked to had his name listed as her assigned doctor with a smiley face next to it.
"...um, are we sure Adam ever went into the Pit?"
"I believe I have heard of that law passing. I find it ridiculous how humans have decided over the years to restrict genders when it comes to relationships. God is indifferent to sexual orientation, as am I."
Her Algebra teacher narrowed her eyes at her and scoffed. "Well, Miss Clapton, if you would like to solve this equation on the board - which is the hardest, mind you - then feel free to do so." She lazily gestured to the chalkboard beside her.
Gabriel booed. "You're no fun!"
Everyone in Claire's dorm room stared at the open doorway in silence. Sam decided to speak up.
Eventually they ended up at the place where Benny said the portal was. Nikki took her angel blade and cut her left forearm deeply, barely hissing softly with a quiet grunt. Everyone else looked at each other without her knowing and they silently agreed to protect her from her biological family for the pain that she got used to at a very young age. (It didn't matter to them that she was 15 years old - she could be 30 years old and they would still worry with how young and innocent she appeared to be.)
Sam gaped at his brother as Alex and Jack high fived each other. Gabriel was too busy feeling sad at potentially having no dessert.
2. Also, I edited out a very important piece of information and I want to re-explain myself: The 1st conversation with Nikita and her family was the one where I altered my past events of my life and turned it into that. That 1st chapter beginning was when I was down and depressed and decided to vent out. The rest of what happens in the story are not of what I experienced as a child, especially with Bela's story. The writers actually made an implication that her childhood was that way in the actual show, at least from what I interpreted from the few clips shown of Bela's past.
"What was the spell, Dad?" Dean asked while driving and simultaneously glancing at the rearview mirror to see his father. He wanted to reassure himself that his father was legitimately there. Sam and Castiel noticed what Dean was doing but didn't voice out anything about it, which Dean was grateful for.
Dean sighed and glanced at Sam while driving the Impala. "Sammy, I told you not to blame yourself for what happened to Jess."
Crowley let out a sigh of relief. The human soul he was fond of long ago would be saved. "I'm not entirely sure, Mega Feathers. The paperwork is messy at the main office and I'm left with having to clean up everything before getting back to Earth. Unless..." His head snapped up as he mentally thought of a great idea. "Moose, do you remember when you rescued Bobby Singer from Hell?"
I honestly didn't know they were going that route and it's helping my fic idea for this! I almost went into a writer's block there. Thank you, SPN writers!
There was a grumbled "Yes sir" as Dean trudged into the dining room with Sam holding his arm in a tight grip. Castiel was signing a document that John just finished forging out, claiming that Castiel now has parental rights over Nikita Yuson. The angel gave the pen to Dean, who grunted but reluctantly took it to sign the document.
Soon after Dean's feet landed on soiled earth the cabin began to visibly shake and collapse right after Gabriel, Castiel, and John ran out of the small building with a little girl and thick big book in tow. Together, the makeshift family watched the cabin quickly turn into a wet wooden rubble.
Castiel scanned the area and nodded alongside Dean. "Yes, and maybe we could use the empty office building a few blocks away from here and have some of the angels who want to stay on Earth to start an 'insurance company'. They could permanently fund your business and it would be entirely legal to the public eye."
Cecelia gaped at them and awkwardly nodded, quickly stuttering an excuse to leave and left to her car. Dean watched in confusion as she sped out of the shop grounds.
"Yeah, I hear ya... so Sammy found the little girl out, eh?" There was grumbling noises in the background. "Is that Sam? Am I on speakerphone?"
Now, Sam wasn't sure whether to count this as a sudden fortunate or misfortunate interruption, but either way it seemed really important when Gabriel woke up with a shout and scanned the area with wide eyes. Dean woke up with a snort, ending his quiet pig snoring habit he developed since God knows when. Both John and Castiel glanced at the archangel with questioning gazes.
Nikita's eyes widened at the sudden present before her. "I...how... oh my God..." She uttered and trailed off.
"So... gay angel, huh?"
"I think what my dad meant in the will
The Winchesters and the angels find the cabin where Nikita is kept in and find a way to unfreeze her from her own spell. The young girl is torn over what she wants to do with her life while the quest for Jessie and Bela is put in the back burner for now. The Winchesters happily take her in, though there are some catches to give her the life she deserves.
"...seriously, why can't you tell me your name?.... I'm going to call you Piper Boy then, since you keep playing the damn pipe.... bro, I don't care what kind of instrument that is, you're playing it like a pipe! ....wow, I really didn't think you'd get out the pipe. Look, why are you out of my dreams? Why were you even in my dreams?"
(See the end of the chapter for
He took it from her and read the report, smiling softly at her. "Congratulations. Your parents would have been very proud of you."
Upon hearing her question, John smiled softly and gently took the now dry documents that Sam grabbed from the cabin. "Well, if you wouldn't mind, maybe you could be my daughter?" He showed her the documents that were already signed and official. "I mean, it says you already are, but no one knew about these documents. I was going to surprise you for your birthday, but I didn't think that the damn witch would- " He got cut off when Nikita jumped into his arms with a joyful cheer. He beamed at the rest of the guys in the Bunker as he hugged Nikita tightly in his arms. "I'm takin' that as a yes, then."
"...oh boy, you got a keeper there."
He feels content to have blessings from both Winchester parents. He straightened his back and glanced at John once more to speak. "Please pray directly to me once everyone is ready to go out and celebrate." With that, he flexed his invisible wings and flew straight to Heaven to deliver John's love notes to Mary.
The lady frowned and shrugged. "He looks more like a manly man to me. Doesn't matter - I can make him straight again!" Claire silently sneered in disgust at the woman.
Jesse ducked at Nikki's warning, just in time to evade a blade swipe from another demon. He glared at the offender and snapped his fingers. The demon erupted in ashes onto the ground.
Dean suddenly sobbed and was overcome with emotions. The only thing he could do was hug Ben tightly against him.
"Since I was no longer bounded my Metatron's power. Now what's this girl's name again?"
John slowly turned his murderous glare at the nurse in front of him. She flinched and stepped back. He slowly went back to signing a checkout clipboard. Meanwhile, a male nurse who was usually assigned for the regular adult patients helped the doctor that John previously talked to (and was okay with) fit Nikita into a wheelchair.
John frowned at Sam. "Bobby went to Hell?"
Gabriel snapped and pointed at John. "Your father kissed the Nephilim on the forehead and
Jesse looked at the stranger in alarm. "Who's he?!"
Dean Winchester to say.
Gabriel blurted out, "I remember now! I used to time travel with Captain Jack Harkness and the Doctor!"
Because in the end, his team had won this bet with technicalities.
"It beats being around my mother."
"Nikita Yuson?"
"...aw, shit."
"Hello, Claire." Castiel greeted the blonde girl in his arms with a soft smile on his face.
I'll be focusing more on this story. SHINee will still be a part of this, but in AU form, so it doesn't hurt as much when using Jonghyun as a muse. They'll only be tagged in the next story, because I plan on making every crossover gradual.
"I am immune to diseases and will try the fish and chips first before tasting everything else for all of you," Castiel informed him quietly. "If any of them do not taste good or are poisonous, I will attempt to help her with the Pavlova she is currently trying to make."
John had been sitting by the stairs for some time now, looking through one of the books from their indoor library on Ancient Egypt. He realized he had to use glasses recently, so here he was reading with his glasses. He had raised an eyebrow seeing Dean and Castiel eye each other and kept his mouth shut. Instead he pulled out another book from the nearest shelf that had no title on its red leather bound cover. He opened it and flipped a few pages before landing on a half full page. He read a pretty long list of names with prices in different handwritings.:
Dean nodded in agreement and smiled at the young teenager. "Yeah, kid, congrats. You got plans after graduating?" He asked her as she hugged him quickly.
"Me, too, dad. Me, too." Ben chuckled as he glanced at a grumpy Sam and whining Gabriel from a distance who both had to guide a group of 200 students themselves as part of the new student recruitment orientation at the school.
Dean slowly nodded but Sam looked more confused than ever.
"Oh shit, let me heal that for you..." Ben panicked and ran to where Claire had her personal bathroom (the perks of having her own dorm room). He came back out with a cold wet towel and offered it to her.
"DAD, NO! PLEASE DON'T HURT ME! WHERE THE FUCK DID YOU GET A BOX OF CHRISTMAS LIGHTS?!"
Dean didn't like the heat and Sam hated that he had to leave his previous school. But, they both had to admit that the past two days were filled with content fun of riding horses and having an all-you-can-eat buffet.
"It means, you damn squirrel, that your 'spoiled and demonic' human named Bela happened to be sexually molested by her father almost every night!" Crowley shouted as he gathered the rest of the ingredients for his food onto the table. "This is why I personally did not like you back then, because you kept saying you found out about Bela's real history and still did not sympathize for her, when really she was never my so called lover, according to the damn Winchester gospel books! Her father kept doing this, and her mother did not care - just like how my mother did not care about my own well-being, which was how I sympathized with the damn girl!" He opened the packages for the English muffins. "Last I heard, her soul was in Hell, but for some reason I could not find it. Somehow I get the feeling that some demons stuck her in the same place where her parents are - SO YOU BETTER FIND THE DAMN NEPHILIM AND CAMBION AND SAVE THAT POOR GIRL OR THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCES!" He hung up and continued to make his food while grumbling.
When Dean came to again, the first people he saw were Castiel, Claire, his dad, Nikita, his brother, and Ben. His son.
"You mean the Devil?" John asked, wanting to know all there is about demons.
Castiel loves his job so much that he adapted to smiling at all his students, who in turn looked at him as if he was a creep.
"Dad? Did you get my message?"
She only knew one spell and wasn't sure what the downside was yet, but she had to try to make it. Because this certain spell had an upside to her favor.
John raised an eyebrow at his son. "When did you die - "
"Alright, now let's go hunt this sucker!"
John glanced around the Bunker. "Well this is our home. You could always say you retired from the FBI and find a decent job for now. As for being married... I have an idea."
...he still wanted to protect the little girl from her family. He saw the rapidly aging look on her face as if she's already been through puberty except for her older sister. He could never forget her appearance... her black hair, tan skin, crescent moon-shaped eyes of a hazel color, and a small button nose.
The Piper Boy whistled as he surveyed the cambion and nephilim's work with the dead demons. "Wow, you two are good."
Correction: There standing in the main desk lobby of the dorm building was an
"You are indeed correct, Ms. Yuson." Castiel spoke up with a soft tender smile for her. "This is the year 2015."
Claire watched with a slightly bruised face as the stranger (another handsome young man around her age who wears glasses... though he looked strangely familiar) pounded his fist into the drunk guy's face and tossed him out of the bedroom, slamming it shut after a few of what looked like the stranger's buddies caught the drunk guy in their arms. "And stay out! A person says no, then it's no!" He yelled at the door.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. "Man, seriously? Okay, I'll get straight to the point." He turned to John as Sam started to drive on the empty road again. "Do you remember a nurse named Richard? What did he look like?"
Castiel turned to look at him in thought. "Perhaps I can take on the educational system at the local university to teach mythology and the actual ways of faith with Heaven? I can have Gabriel create textbooks as proof and maybe future hunters or children rooted from hunter families can achieve an education while staying with their families and in the hunting life."
pie for him," Sam stated.
"Hey, it's not my fault she's a Nephilim that can feel physical pain!" Gabriel retorted, though he pouted while waving his hand to fill the refrigerator with various bottles of alcohol.
Before Castiel could respond, Gabriel snapped his fingers again. "Hey, hey! Getting off track again here! Let's get back to how the fuck Nikita ended up in the Yuson family when she was supposed to be into witness protection in the Tuico family under the name 'Caylao'."
"I'm proud of you boys... I'm sorry about Adam. I wish we could get him out of that Cage, but... yeah, I know we shouldn't." John sighed again. He was waiting for the fallout coming from his sons, but at the moment it didn't seem like it was going to happen, which was worse. He'd rather have them having pent up feelings than having them resign themselves to bad fate.
Nikki scratched her nose and turned towards her father figure. "Pops, how did you make reservations? It probably wasn't cheap..."
She shook her head in reply and bit her chapped lips. That's when it hit him.
The retired hunter smiled at his fiancee and lightly leaned in to kiss him on the cheek. "Then it's their problem, not ours."
John's eyes widened. "Oh shit, I wasn't planning on telling you until after adopting Nikki..." He blurted out in a trailed off ramble.
At age 17, Dean Winchester knew responsibilities.
P.S.: Challenge: Find any cheesy one-liners here that you recognize similarly to where you've heard them before. I intentionally added two, but if there are more you think I subconsciously added, let me know!
After Crowley left, Castiel took a deep breath and braced himself as he slowly stepped into the kitchen. Dean grabbed his arm to stop him. "Cass, babe, what are you doing?!" He hissed frantically.
Both Sam and Claire rolled their eyes as they continued on with their tasks of the classic way to protect a room in hunter style.
Dean stood there for a long time by the stairway. Everyone else waited and stared at Dean's rigid figure and John's desperate look on his face.
"Sam already has a job - researching for hunts and being your lawyer." John spoke calmly as he finished the last of the documents and gave them all to Sam, who looked smug. "From now on he's Sam Wesson who graduated at Standford, and opened up his own independent practice law firm for hunters in the U.S. Congratulations, son. You're your brother's top client."
Sam raised an eyebrow in suspicion. "Why would you look for Zanna?"
"What? What about Dean then?"
The young teenager beamed. "I got into the University of Kansas!"
Oh God, he had a son and he didn't even knew it was him!
"I hear ya, big guy. I hope you're doing alright, Sammy." He called out to him and spoke softer on the phone. "Dean, I'll be sure to check it out and make sure she's safe, okay? I'll do the best I can."
Sam sadly nodded. "When her parents left to see their eldest daughter, I went to talk with her. Her name's Nikita Yuson and I could tell her family has been abusing both her and her sister, though she told me her sister was like that sometimes, too. I wanted... I wanted to be
John shrugged. "I thought of what you just said earlier, like last week earlier, so I'll have to admit that you wanting to learn about witchcraft could be useful in the long run - so long as you don't make demon deals."
The elder Winchester glared at him and huffed, but reluctantly continued to speak to the archangel. "Nikki found a spell, but the incantation was pretty odd yet blunt in understanding, so I didn't really think she'd use that spell. However, we hadn't come up with another spell that could be used to protect her and the cabin we were hold up in for about a day or so."
She silently gasped as she heard the red headed woman and bearded man enter the cabin, but luckily she and John earlier prepped her secret room (just in case things happen and she has to hide) with wards so nothing supernatural could detect them. Despite John not believing in angels still, he reluctantly helped paint angel warding sigils just in case.
Gabriel continued to chuckle as he pulled out his stash of sweet goods.
For the past hour, Gabriel had briefly explained why a witch may have something to do with Nikita Yuson, the girl that John and Dean have decided to travel to Salvation, Iowa for.
The archangel stopped filing his nails. "Jesse's foster mom? Did she sell her soul at any point in her life?"
Gabriel noticed the female customer with the big rack and smirked. "Well hello, dear! Did Deano over there helped you with your car? I swear he's the best!" He boasted.
Castiel & Dean do party control Winchester style. Meaning Gabriel & Sam are grounded.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. "For starters, this place is warded from angels, especially in Claire's room."
"Alright - now off, you two heathens! I must come at least an hour after you leave Earth to follow suit in order to not draw suspicions." Crowley shooed them with a wave of his hand.
John's eyes widened as he glanced at the sources of light from the windows at the pediatric ward of the hospital. "But it's gotta be over 100 degrees outside! It's hot all over California!" He shouted in shock. "Plus the damn girl is underage to drive! How was she able to get the damn job?!"
"No, it's not!" Alex hissed at them. "It's chicken parmigiana - but it looks funky!"
Castiel placed a gentle hand on Dean's arm, causing him to slowly calm down. "Sam, I asked Dean to marry me and he said yes."
John Winchester drove down the highway in his big black truck while texting coordinates to his sons. Beside him in the passenger seat, Nikita saw what he was doing and quickly cut him off by taking away his cellphone. "Hey!" John yelped and glared at her.
He was about to check the balcony until he heard a sniffle and a light whimper coming from the bathroom.
