It was accepting. There was no fall because he'd been expecting this and nothing better, because he'd learned long ago not to put his faith in others or else face bitter disappointment.
“They’ve been expecting you in Admiral Erhard’s office. Sub-Lieutenant Amsel will show you the way.” The officer nodded crisply to his comrade who gave Tony a nod of acknowledgment before clicking his heels and setting off, clearly expecting Tony to follow.
Steve did not blame the poor man for being afraid. The captain did not have to release him. Everyone knew (and mostly ignored) that the law had made it illegal for Jews to enter the country. But the unspoken social agreement to turn the head and look in the other direction only went so far. To stick his neck out like this, this man must have desperately needed the promised reward. Steve knew something about that. He was taking a risk himself being there, but it was equally necessary. The man (Steve had not been told his name) had come to the station with information, but he only spoke Polish.  Captain Altera had contacted the emigration delegation, looking for a translator. Tony’s cousin Benjamino had insisted on having Steve’s help since Tony was preoccupied teaching that afternoon.
“Go back to sleep. It's gods piss in the morning.” Bucky mumbled from underneath his arm and Steve snorted into his hands. Bucky had never been a morning person, especially when he’d had something to drink the night before.
“Surly you didn't come five hours early to discuss my son, Herr General? I'd hate to disappoint you.” Steve bandied back.
Finally, she furrowed her brow looking deep in thought before her blue eyes seemed to focus on him and really acknowledge him.
Wincing, Tony wrapped an arm around her waist and gave it a comforting squeeze, sighing. “Of course, you weren’t. None of us were, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t important. We shall have the finest party we can put together given our present circumstances. And we aren’t going to regret a single moment of it. Are we?”
“I need to go into town tomorrow and pick up some items. Fabric and such. If Harold and I can get the car run-” but Hammer didn’t let him finish.
“He’s sick Chavo, you can’t touch him.” Barnes warned, sounding as aggrieved as Péter looked.
Had he? That was a surprise to him. But maybe it shouldn’t be. Charlotte looked back at the music room, soft affection gliding over her face.
Tony licked his lips, nerves dancing in his stomach suddenly. Stefen had been saying for weeks that Tony could do or have whatever he liked, but Tony had just figured the man was desperate not to be alone at that ghastly dinner and would have said anything to get Tony to agree to make the trip. He might change his mind once he heard what Tony wanted to do to the spare sitting room.
The evening had started out well enough. Steve had bathed in the luxury tub of their suite and even managed to get Tony warmed up enough after their argument to join him. He’d failed spectacularly to keep his hands and his thoughts strictly on the matter of washing off the day and any lingering evidence of sex.
"Pack?" Tony questioned, brow furrowing as a feeling of dread crept over him. "Are we going somewhere?"
"Trust me darling, everything will be fine." he said, louder this time in German. "Now please, come out of there before the good lieutenant here sounds the alarm."
"By the shed? Are you certain?" He asked the child carefully and Sara nodded, sleep rumpled curls tumbling.
If Stefen wasn't going to trust him with the details of his operation and its mission, he'd just have to go and get the details himself. Maybe if Tony had plucked up the courage to confront Farkas all those years ago about why his father had really sent him to the abbey, he would have learned of Stanislov’s possible involvement in their murders sooner, and maybe he could have done something worthwhile to avenge their deaths – his mother’s death – rather than sit on his ass all those years.
“A telegram just arrived for you Sir.”
Stefen was looking at Tony intensely now, as if he intended to bore through Tony’s skin with his eyes. “It is your birthday, Tony?”
“You don’t know that, Buck.” Steve tried to say. Liar. He didn’t know.
“They’ll need regular practice. What are your lesson plans for next week?”
“It’s a shame that Virginia has misplaced the key. I’ll try and see what I can do but I doubt that old door will budge,” Hammer was lamenting. Tony cleared his throat and both men looked up.
Steve sucked in a desperate breath but something was grabbing his chest, squeezing the air from him. His eyes were stinging as Bucky who had stopped beside him to watch as Tony directed the children in song gaped. Slowly his expression bled into a delighted smile, something fiercely proud in his voice as he murmured, “wow. Listen to
(See the end of the chapter for
Frankly Tony didn’t give a rat’s ass what friends Péter wanted to sneak out to meet so long as he didn’t kill himself falling off the side of the house.
"He'll be back soon Chavo. Don't worry yourself about it." Bucky patted the boy's cheek before he looked up at Tony, the smile quickly bleeding out of his eyes, revealing his worry and exhaustion. "Where's Steve?"
"When? Are we going today?"
Thankfully, Tony was saved by the sudden sound of a thud overhead followed by James’ all too familiar voice raised in a shout as he screamed abuse at someone.
So he didn’t try to keep up with any of the conversations and watched them all instead, trying to memorize the twerk of Péter's body as he turned to tease his sister, the way Artur and James looked as they tried to lean over the sides of the boats.
“No, he should not have.”
Tony glanced over the books but they were all clearly meant for adults. He glanced through the magazines and lighter journals to see what was on offer there. Nothing in the field of Zoology unfortunately, but there was one near the bottom of the stack, it’s title partly obscured but just enough of it visible for Tony to make out the beginning of the word adventure that caught his eye.
“He was a Nazi?” Péter squeaked, drawing back in surprise.
That day, Tony had some business of his own to do so when he announced that he was giving them an hour of freedom before lunch Péter finally saw his chance. Only when Péter got up to leave the music room with the others Tony asked him to stay behind for a moment.
Oh God, was his face wet, was that him? He barked out a startled laugh.
“Step right up! This game separates the men from the boys. Are there any men in the crowd? Step right up and ring the bell. A ring wins a teddy bear. How about you Sir, win a teddy for the little lady?” an operator, catching sight of Tony walking hand in hand with Sara, beckoned and Steve smirked as Tony was forced into complying by Sara’s puppy dog eyes going wide at the sight of the stuffed bear in the operator’s hands.
“He wrote
Péter wasn't stupid. He knew what would happen if people found out, but that was now. Before, that had been his father's choice because he'd been ashamed. Well, Péter wasn't ashamed. He wanted to talk to Wanda and Pietro because he didn't know any other gypsies besides his family, and he might never get another chance.
“I immediately asked brother Bruce for his sobering draught because I thought, my god, if a boy with arms the size of toothpicks and shriveled lungs could do that… then I could sober up and face another day. It offends me now to see how they greatly exaggerated your skinniness. I have yet to determine about the shriveled lungs.”
Steve frowned disapprovingly at hearing the child once more be so familiar with an adult. He hadn’t felt right bringing it up before because he’d been riddled with guilt for practically maiming Stark, and he found he couldn’t bring himself to say anything now because his sullen James was bright eyed and ruddy cheeked and looked entirely too serious as he finished with, “good engineers always know there’s something to do better next time and they aren’t discouraged by that. Right Tony?”
He was humbled by the number of civilians who had volunteered to aid the coup. It was one thing for soldiers to put themselves in harm’s way but, Frau Boehringer was a house wife. Oster had mentioned she'd just had a grandson. Grimm was married with young boys.  And yet they were all of them willing to commit treason. It made him think of Tony at home with the children, ferreting messages between the Abwehr and the English. Not because Steve had asked but because of how he was made.
Before the car had even landed on its back Lang and the other ground troops were rushing out of the trees on all sides, firing at the line of vehicles that had swerved and abandoned the road to avoid a similar collision.
Prisoners who kept track of days, of time, still had hope, were still dangerous.
"She picked it out for herself," he replied simply, looking away with a kind of bashfulness that made Steve want to lean down and kiss the cold off his mouth. With the sight of Natacha happy, the feel of Sara's feet kicking happily against his chest, it was the one thing that would have made a near perfect morning perfect; but Steve settled for a smile as Natacha's voice rang through the crisp December air.
“Well officially I’m a monk. Though currently I’m on assignment as a tutor.”
“Awe that’s really not fair though is it darling?” Bucky pouted, a familiar gleam of mischief in his eye. Steve should know, he’d watched him use it on women enough. Virginia had long ago proven to be one of the rare immune but that just seemed to encourage him. “There you stand looking gorgeous and so very not a grandmother, and here I’ve come back for you. Whose gonna soothe my broken heart?”
“What?” Stefen twisted around to glare at him, predictably agog.
“Speak for yourself Stevie,” Bakhuizen, ever a surprise, practically growled setting his cutlery down with a clatter. “I’m on vacation. I think a trip in the woods sounds fun.”
He took a breath and reached for his daughter’s arm, doing his best to gentle his voice and wincing at how raw it still sounded.
after all, he taught them about breath and notes, how to keep time, and how a group of voices performing a round could create harmony, not to mention great fun.
Tony did not say the words but they were heavy between them as Stefen considered him and Tony searched him for some hint as to how the chips would fall. He was very likely to find himself fired.
He could feel the others staring, felt them inching closer to get a better look at the spectacle but they were wise enough not to intervene or make much noise, likely wary of drawing Tony’s unusual ire against themselves.
“Damn the Reich. We can damn them together. We can do whatever mad thing you want, Tony.” Steve promised vehemently, pulling him closer. “Just so long as you promise to trust me when I tell you something is too dangerous. Please. Let me take care of you.”
“That I’m home. When I’m with you I’m home.”
Steve squeezed the back of his neck, trying to dislodge the sensation of hot breath prickling his skin, of Schmidt leaning over him and -
Frau Hogan had been picking up his shirt, grimy and ruined with blood, when she’d discovered the folded letter poking out of the lining of his jacket. She’d pulled it out and looked to him questioningly. Steve had held out his hand, feeling a flicker of pride when it did not shake.
Dillo: (Romany) Fool.
“Delightful.” Bucky responded cautiously. “And you?”
“What is it?”
That had been a while ago.
Festivities, Tony? Maria questioned, standing up on the tip of her toes to watch along with the others while Tony began to lay the pine cones on the large flat stone that Péter had brought back.
“No, Tony didn’t ask.  And I’m sure it’s not your cooking. I think he’s been worried about whether or not there will be a war.” Ian insisted and Willamina heaved a put-upon sigh, but she was looking at him with a considering expressions which was a favorable sign.
What?
Yes. Ian dragged the sled into the trees, away from the absence of trees that marked the snow-covered road and peered down the slope. It wasn't smooth, full of rocks and trees and any number of things that would injure him if he ran into them. He searched for the spot that looked the clearest and balanced the sled at the top, climbing aboard carefully and laying down on his stomach. That was better for rolling if he crashed, but he
Becker had enough presence of mind to keep the men moving, barking orders until all of their gear had been unloaded from the truck and the men were in formation. Steve tugged the bill of his cap down further over his face and snapped the shoulder strap of his weapon over his shoulder. It had the desired effect of keeping the officer on sentry in his line of sight. If anything had gone wrong with the plan they’d have to be ready to defend themselves, but they must give the appearance that they expected no trouble.
“Take cover!” he had just enough presence of mind to shout as he fell back down, hitting the truck bed hard just as the explosion blasted painfully in his ears. He threw his hands protectively over his head as dirt and debris rained down over them, shards of steel and glass striking the sides of the truck loudly.
“Tacha.” he urged her, and she blinked slowly and closed her mouth. Steve felt a small bit of relief when she clutched James closer to her side and scurried to catch up with them.
Tony had been the first to work that out, and Natacha had caught on. The fact that she hadn't attempted to feed him once since this whole ordeal started told him what Tony was attempting to conceal. When Steve looked at his daughter with her hands clenched in her lap and worry tightening the lines of her face, he knew for once exactly what she needed to hear.
Unless... Steve’s eyes widened as the thought occurred to him. The possibility of her having feelings for him were slim to none. They had never been much more than friends and Steve was very aware that in recent years his friends had done more suffering through than enjoying his company.
He’d promised Bucky that if anything happened to him he’d make sure his sister and her family got out of Poland before it was too late.  He’d written to them, only to discover too late that Rochel and the girls had disappeared. The only upside was that it appeared to have been on her own steam, but it was cold comfort to think of Rochel alone on the road with two girls and no help. She’d never risk crossing through German occupied land to get to Steve and any method of contact Bucky had given her to reach him would go unanswered because Bucky was gone.
Péter’s heart sank in his chest. He knew it was not escaped circus lions that had Artur so afraid.
“Maria, where were you?!” he questioned, throat tight, his fingers clutching her.
“You’re fucking crazy Bakhuizen.” Stark’s fingers bunched in the fabric of his white shirt, like he was grabbing something, and Bucky realized with a small jolt of shock that Tony wasn’t grabbing his chest because he was in pain. Bucky’s Ma used to do clutch at her coins like that anytime he and Stevie gave her a scare, calling out for the strength to deal with such naughty children.
“The program said the Rogers Family Singers would be performing didn’t it? I am the head of the Rogers family.”
Except- Steve skid to a halt, heart hammering in his chest - in front of him lay three figures, their bodies sprawled out haphazardly on the ground. A child half covered by the body of a man with jet black hair.
Tony smiled sadly, pulling Ian closer to his side.
Cold fear began to creep through Steve’s chest as the words sank in, his hands tightening into fists at his sides. He tried to deflect, though he didn’t think it would do much good.
“When you prepared your mother’s snack for me the other day.” Stefen easily replied, and he seemed a bit surprised at himself. “Though I might have been too hungry to be cross.”
“These walls can protect you from a lot of things but they can’t protect you from this!”
“Nonsense. There’s no age requirement for a scientific mind Péter” Tony's response might have come a bit too boisterous (judging by the anxious way Maria jumped in her seat) but he couldn't help the grin that was spreading over his face. “Perfect, Peter!”
"We could have left.” Tony reminded him. There was no censure in it, not anymore. He’d wanted to go. Begged to go a few times. He realized now that it had been rooted in cowardice. “But you… you look out there and you see people you need to protect. Well, there are people I need to protect too.”
Zimmerman's eyebrows twitched in what Dvořák could only assume was bafflement, it was so hard to tell with him.
He was happy to sit back and watch as Tony took the children down to the water and let them try out their steam boats.
The sun was just beginning to set when Steve caught sight of Péter cycling up the drive. He’d not expected Péter to be home from the Osborne’s so early. He'd expected the boy to take any chance he had to spend hard won time with his friend. Apparently, Henry had returned from Vienna for the last spell of summer and Péter had asked at breakfast to spend the afternoon over at the Osbornes and Steve, feeling like his insides were boiling at the mention of Norman Osborne's son, had surprised even himself by agreeing to it. One day wouldn't hurt him.
"Lehnsherr has powerful friends, who wish to put a stop to what is happening at Dachau but their effort was only partly successful. Their mother was fatally wounded and Lehnsherr chose to stay behind to give the twins a greater chance at escape. As for their trauma... " Stefen's voice was very grave and Tony's gut twisted with a sick feeling as Wanda and Pietro's haunted faces filled his thoughts once more and he saw again their scars and those strange numbers stamped onto their skin and shivered. "Tony I have heard many troubling things coming out of Dachau, things I know Schmidt is desperate to keep quiet. They can't be discovered here."
“We did,” Tony acknowledged with a small nod. “And I’ve had time to reconsider it. You and Bucky don’t run the resistance. I fail to see why - when I approach them with a solid plan, connections with the church, ready means and time - why they would refuse my help.” He pointed out softly, because it wasn’t a fight, and his aim wasn’t to injure Stefen with the truth. Just for him to accept it. But it seemed to be a vain hope because Stefen growled low in his throat, ripping his gaze away from Tony, unable to keep looking him in the eye.
Outside the city burned, streaks of pink and violet slashing across black velvet sky like an open wound.
“He’s not a Nazi and I never said there wouldn’t be risk”. Nik gestured for him to take the envelope again and Tony sighed snatching it from the Abbot's hand, impatiently extracting the letter within and flipping it open. While he took note of the Captains tight but no less messy for it scrawl – it spoke of common breeding, of a little boy whose days had likely been spent in farm and field rather than under the guide of tutors –  he admittedly skimmed through most of it. The last few lines caught his eye, and he immediately saw the bait on the hook for what it was.
They were bright and glistening with moisture, wide with the kind of fear a man might feel on top of a wildly bucking horse or in a car that has spun out of control.
The others seem highly amused by this, and it’s easy to see that this has been a source of much teasing over the years. Despite the rumors about him, James takes the ribbing gracefully with little more than a grumble.
Bucky finished the last of his strudel, a defiant gleam in his eye and Steve pushed the last uneaten bit of strudel on his own plate toward him. It was a peace offering, one that Bucky accepted with a knowing smirk.
“Too much wine and an eagerness to fight, sounds about right. Slow down, Major. We’ve got the whole evening ahead of us.” Khalmmer laughed, the sound bright and clean, easing the nervous tension in the group. Steve blinked at him, taking in the ease with which he play acted with new apprehension. Khalmmers hands were clasped behind his back now. Like loaded springs.
"They helped me stuff newspapers in my shoes and Giselle painted stubble on my chin." Stefen drawled and Tony couldn't help but laugh, nearly choking on a swallow of stew. "It was Uncle Bucky that the youngest one, Lara, was sweet on. He told her he was going to come back from the war a hero and marry her."
Stefen just rolled his eyes, not quite as dramatic as Natacha could do it but still, wonders never ceased.
“Because, because I’m me! I’m not supposed to go to university. I’m supposed to train to be an officer and … bring glory to Germany!” he stammered. “They're not just going to let me leave.”
The cafe was familiar and cozy hardly showing the strain of the times and yet Steve, seated in what was once a second home, felt out of place.
“Do you know what order these go in?” Peter asked, brown eyebrows arching as he considered the pages and Ian nodded slowly. He knew where every word went.
Sighing, he resolved himself to a long awkward walk home and jogged after her.
“God damn it! They’re children!”
"No matter what I do it won't be enough for you. Well I do not care what you think anymore! I'm not a child damn you. I will do as I like!"
Tony did his best to keep them occupied with lessons and to keep their mind off of worry, but as the days stretched with no sign or word from Stefen it grew harder and harder to keep up appearances.  He was forced to begin making arrangements for Péter’s passage to Switzerland, even though the thought of sending Péter off without knowing what had happened to his father kept him up at night. Péter’s excitement had dimmed with each passing day, and Tony knew that it was weighing heavily on him. Tony worried the boy would decide not to go, and that he might have the horrible task of forcing him to for his own good.
“You’ll be with me to finish out the tour. Charlotte and I will marry, and then all of you will go to Switzerland.”
"Miss Potts... what, what are you -" Steve mumbled in confusion but he didn't try to fight her, and Virginia continued to sooth him with low hums and the kind of simple instruction you'd give a frightened child.
His head felt clearer though. Clear enough to remember with agonizing detail the way he'd knocked her father around the morning before and the things he’d told Charlotte that night. He suddenly didn't doubt that Natacha had emptied the entire pepper pot into his drink. It would be just like her.
The voices sounded like they were getting close to the stairs now. Tony ran and grabbed a couple more books from the trunk and dashed to the door with them tucked under his arm. He shut the door behind himself as quietly as he could, twisting the key in the lock and depositing it in his pocket. He’d only made it halfway down the stairs before a uniformed officer came into view. He was accompanied by Herr Hammer, who was telling him that this part of the house was little used and primarily for storage.
“That wasn’t an invitation to negotiate Mr. Stark, but I’m listening.” Holmes replied, folding his hands on his lap and waiting.
Zimmerman’s expression didn’t change, his tone stayed soft and placating as he answered, “the Jews created problems. You know it’s true.”
Tony wanted to say something snide, angry even, but he couldn't muster it. There was a certain bitterness of truth to Bruce's little prediction. The boy who'd watched the brutal murder of his parents had certainly done a lot of screaming at god, and Tony hadn't been any more of a believer then. Just a child. Just desperate.
Steve decided that whatever his reasons were, they didn’t matter and the important thing was getting Tony warm and keeping him from becoming ill.
Try as he might he’d not been able to eat much of the spread, choosing instead to down glasses of water and make a show of pulling apart some of the expensive bread being served. People remarked often on the deliciousness of the fare, as well as its simplicity. The Führer’s famous modesty was on display in every new course. It was only the abundance, the never-ending supply of his material modesty, that showed the rotting underbelly. The whole thing was a carnival, the man sat at the head of the long table its ringmaster.
“Is everything alright Captain?” She asked tentatively, eyes searching between the two of them curiously.
“She’s alright, I see her da!” Ian said, squeezing himself in, elbows and knees going everywhere. James was right the little car was far too small. It didn’t stop him from practically throwing Tony in by his jacket, or Tony turning - banging his elbow into the driver's shoulder as he leaned over Ian to grab Steve by the shirt - to drag him inside until Steve was laying atop him, his head and shoulders wedged in between the driver’s seat and the woman in the passenger’s seat.
Of all the Rogers children Ian was the one least versed in sass. He seemed genuinely curious.
“Lead away, Captain.”
She held Tony’s stare, only looking away when the girl who always sat beside her, kicked her under the table. Caterina shook her head, the bow in her hair which had been perfect that morning, but was now unraveling, flopping around her ears. She had a bad habit of swirling the ends of her ribbons around her fingers when she was bored and pulling them loose.
“For you Herr Stark, only just” Hammer sneered and Tony bared his teeth in a hard smile.
Glassy unfocused eyes stared back at him. Fiedor’s face was lax except around his mouth, lips parted, jaw stiff and gapping.
And why not. Captain Adventure indeed.
. He’d give it, because Stefen was depending on it.
“Giesela Keats, Champion runner? I could run circles around her.” She said proudly looking up at Péter expectantly.
“Yes, but I did it for myself too and this only works if you can say the same.” Tony managed to grit out through clenched teeth in an effort to resist simply barreling forward without talking. “It’s not too late to back out. You don’t have to do this.”
Tony couldn’t say why such a strong flavor of contempt seemed to build on his tongue that morning as the minutes ticked by. Far from being satisfied that his unwanted job had turned out to be as easy as turning off his brain and droning facts off like a radio program, an unprecedented kind of anger had begun to simmer at the base of his gut, growing with each day that passed.
He’d just tucked the gun into his jacket as Frau Hogan came bustling around the corner looking harried as she tied her robe tighter about her night dress.
Steve closed his eyes, repressing a shudder as Tony’s words washed over him.
scent of him filling his nose as the strange sensation of laughter bubbled up in his chest.
“She’s so good with Oliva. You must be so proud, and so sad that you will lose her soon.” Frau Greer simpered up at Steve, one hand still tenderly cupping the blue eyed infant that Natacha was holding. The baby was Frau Greer’s second child. She was eighteen years old, married to Hershwold Greer, Frankfurt’s newly appointed Chief of Police.
“Don’t tell me you drank all the coffee?” Stark called out as he entered the kitchen with Péter, startling Bucky out of his internal panic. Everything was fine. Stark was swooping in and sucking all of the air out of the room, flirting indecently with Stefen like no one had eyes or ears, as usual. He must have heard Stark’s pocket change. He wasn’t going crazy again. Bucky had people to look out for and Stefen had enough crazy spilling out the cracks in his head for both of them.
What good was there now in singing? It was foolish for anyone to be relieved that her family was going to pull the concert together when The Music Hall still sat closed after the damage it had suffered in the riot, a dark omen they only dared acknowledge in whispers.
The editor seemed to appreciate their enthusiasm and got into the spirit of things, so that the hours had flown by before either of them really realized it; but by the end, the three of them were in the dark room with their shirt sleeves up, Péter's pictures drying on the line.
“All night! Nobody will sleep for miles.”
Bucky grit his teeth turned on his heel and left.
** WARNING **
She had a faint accent Tony noticed, a lovely lilt that was very pleasant to the ear.
“While you’re at your paperwork, you wouldn't mind organizing someone to clean up the gutters. There was some trash in one of them on my way here. I don’t know if it was one of yours.” Göring scoffed at Striker and then turned to Captain Khalmmer and continued “Or if it’s one of yours, but there has to be a better way to get your point across than leaving bodies in the gutter. I had my girls with me for god's sake.”
"They'll be alright you know."
“No doubt it is a well-deserved rest. Seven children!” Tony scoffed, scandalized and Nik prattled over him as if he hadn’t spoken.
me,” Tony snapped in reply, but he took a seat anyway. “You give me that whole song and dance about the danger of leaving the abbey and then you invite a Nazi for tea?”
Tony batted the memory away like it was a pestering bee, thoughts circling with renewed intensity as he seized the details that mattered, because he knew he was right, damn it, even as he grappled with the impossibility of it. Mustard gas. But how could Stefen possibly have inhaled mustard gas?! It had to be something else. Something similar, something – was tugging at his sleeve, Tony realized, turning his head and blinking rapidly to find the door thrown open wide with Péter standing in the middle, staring at Natacha who was somehow standing at Tony's side.
“My dear Captain,” Schmidt interrupted with a tut as if he were speaking to a child and Steve bristled at the insult to his rank. Carefully keeping his face neutral as he corrected him.
’ was well known. The refugees pouring in from Poland and Czechoslovakia were only a step above.
“But Tony -”
Tony swallowed, trying his hardest to keep his voice under control as he turned to Ian.
"Through the proper channels of diplomacy and negotiation with the third Reich." Farkas road over him, tapping a blunt finger against his oak desk, the sound echoing in the room.  "Our negotiations with the Führer are on shaky ground as it is. Do you know how many clergymen are currently imprisoned at that camp?""
“Of course, Major.” Khalmmer conceded with a small nod and silence fell once more.
Without true light of my own?
Tony jerked out of the fantasy, that night from long ago dissolving around him. He’s not at the Music Hall, bumping into Captain Stefen Rogers and his date by chance (chance they never got). He’s in Stefen’s bedroom, holding his hand and Stefen has turned his head on the pillow and is looking back at him with glassy blue eyes.
… and part of that code is not to mix with outsiders.
Had to get to the Music Hall. Nothing could get in his way.
Tony had absolutely no hope that his pathetic excuse for cooking was going to be enough to hold the attention of the two policemen who’d sat down to eat with them for long, and this was exactly the subject it was crucial they not focus on. It had been a risk and a lucky strike convincing Lt. Stevens to allow Pepper to leave for the day as it was.
He heaved a sigh. The children blinked at him waiting patiently for instruction except for Natacha who smirked smugly.
“The drunkest.” Bucky grunted and James sat back slowly, placated, but Ian seemed less convinced. There was nothing he could think of to say that would calm their fears. Something told him that his first instinct to snark, ‘
The grin that split Tony's features was just a bit vicious as shock shot through Stefen like a bullet, a wave of tumultuous emotions twisting over his face before instinct kicked in and he grabbed Tony's lapels, one fist raised with the threat of violence. And perhaps it was crazy, but Tony had never felt so vindicated or so recklessly wonderfully alive as he did, reaching up to grasp Captain Rogers by the jaw and yanking his mouth down over his.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about and I don’t like what you're insinuating. I’ve nothing to do with any of THAT.” He spat. “Fräulein Regenbogen and I have always been faithful citizens. Patriots.”
“I aim to please.”
“I'm here to escort you and the children to Munich and we’re on a time crunch in order to get there before the festival.” Bucky was saying.
“Rogers.”
~*~*~*~
The motorbike zigged along, bumping over the terrain and jostling Steve back and forth. He didn't mind. His body ached in a distant sort of way. The bumping of the side car rattled his bones, and though he’d always prefer to be driving, it was still easy to let the discomfort and tension ease out of him as they sped along. He closed his eyes for a moment, letting the air rush over his face and sting his eyelids. When he opened them again he felt that much sharper.
“Ah, the poor dears are done in.”
So bully for Countess Schrader and whatever scrap of heart she’d drug up to pay a visit to her nephew-in-law, soon to be son; but she’d get a rude awakening if she expected there to be any great fan fair made over it. He had bigger things to worry about. Much bigger. Tony positioned the needle above the mottled skin of Stefen’s thigh avoiding the purple and yellow bruises that had made a home there. Tony frowned in concentration, calculating the next best injection site. Stefen twitched underneath his hand and Tony opened his palm smoothing it down Stefen’s thigh, gently rubbing his thumb over the abused flesh.
Steve held his gaze silent and still, then turned and stepped out through the door without a backward glance.
Steve was aware on some distant level that his behavior was erratic. Downright insane if he took Bucky’s word for it. But he hadn't lied when he'd told Charlotte that he didn't care. He didn’t. Couldn’t. Because none of it mattered anymore. Not if he was just going to lose everything anyway.
Tony wanted badly to confront Stefen. Especially about what he’d said to Natacha the night they’d discovered her deception over Péter’s leaving. The poor girl had grown even more withdrawn than usual, guilt and her father’s disappointment weighing heavily on her.
“Exactly, exactly my point. Magda, you had better be telling the truth. He had better be gone -”
He was just finishing fetching socks from under the bed when a knock at the door startled them both. Tony stiffened when the soft knock came again, thankful that they were both in a proper state of dress. Whoever was at the door could think what they wanted about why they'd chosen to meet so early as far as he was concerned.
Tony would probably suppose later that Ian called him father in that moment because of the lies he’d told Dagmar and his wife, and there was truth in that. But it wasn’t the only one.
"It's a little early for dinner Artur," Tony finally answered the boy with a sigh, scratching his unkempt chin. His beard had grown back in, but Tony couldn’t muster the energy to try and keep it in his usual style. Artur’s face clouded with frustration and Tony’s heart sank, tempted just to give in and feed him, but he knew if he let the children eat before the sunset that they'd just be hungry again before they went to bed. They had a good (if bland) food supply but with eight of them to feed it wouldn’t last longer than a few months. He and the children had to survive up here for an indefinite amount of time and they had to do it alone.
“Among the Rom we call this unclean.”
“Vati! Vati come quick!” He hollered excitedly, zigging and zagging his way through party guests making a beeline for Steve.
dreaming about.” Tony, who apparently could not bite his damn tongue to save his life, found himself insisting with bite. “I know it’s a vain hope. So do
“He’s not cut like they are.” The older man announced after a long moment, getting up from where he knelt by the stove as if what had just happened were commonplace. He sounded bored even, and Ian was struck with a strange surge of fury, completely at odds with the way he began to cry as he scrambled to pull up his pants.
She looked up as he entered, her focused frown melting away into a smile as she closed the oven door and wiped her hands on her apron.
"Stefen," he gently called the man’s name, but you'd have thought he'd gone screaming into the middle of the huddle without his clothes on by the way the conversation halted, and everyone stared at him aghast.
Steve had set a strict regime for himself to strengthen his muscles with morning and evening exercises. Tony insisted that he do them from the bed with the covers stripped back, because the ground was still too hard on his body, but Steve was going to press the issue… tomorrow. The burn was sliding towards excruciating now.
"You want us to scrub the floor?" James had gaped incredulously at the buckets and rags as if they were three headed chickens.
“On whether or not you’re going to be honest with me. Were you alone during this late night walk in the garden?”
Dvorak's jaw clenched. He didn't want to think about the Jew doctor, or whatever mess Rogers had gotten himself tangled in. Not that the girl could know anything about that. She was simply an empathetic creature who wanted assurance his mother's employer wouldn't suffer much longer.
Stefen’s mouth surged against his, wicked tongue plying low moans out of Tony’s mouth with insistence as he urged his knees apart with a firm hand and settled himself between Tony’s legs, pressing them chest to chest until Tony could feel the hard press of Stefen’s cock again, rubbing against where he was so desperate for friction.
“Aunt.” Tony chuckled, trying unsuccessfully to extract himself from her grasp. “Antonia, I can’t breathe.”
Pavlok handed Tony a small card with script on it, with the name and address and phone number for a ‘Mister Matthew Murdock’.
“Well then we will just have to develop them ourselves.”
“Are they aware of your current circumstances?” Tony asked slowly in response, his voice little more than a low murmur.  They’d collected the letter that afternoon and waited until late in the evening, his family and the children already in their beds, before going over its contents; but the house was small, and voices carried. Steve trusted Tony’s family to a point, but experience had taught that no amount of caution was too great.
Later he supposed he would find it funny. At the moment, creeping through the darkened house, heart thumping heavily in his chest as the children’s screams blasted in his ears, he could find none of what occurred the least bit humorous.
Who was falling apart at the seams.
He felt it again when they rode the train up to the Green Prater and had lunch in a little garden café in the shade of the chestnut trees. There were two peasant boys in lederhosen playing the zither, singing love songs about pretty eyes and pretty mouths on prettier girls, and all Steve could do was look at Tony with the flush of summer high in his cheeks as he clapped along to the music with Sara.
“We all have bad in-clin-ations sometimes Vati,” he said, slowly over the unfamiliar word, and Steve wanted to chuckle (because that had Tony written all over it) but Ian had called him daddy, which he had not done in what was dangerously close to half his life now and he was struck by a fierce burning in his eyes and the urge to sob.
But what else could he do but go forward? Stefen’s way had landed them here. Tony’s way would at least give the children a chance. With or without Tony. Because James was right. A latch on the door wouldn’t stop the Nazis when they came, and they would come.
It had never added up. Send him to Austria and imprison him in a monastery fine, but why sneak him out of Pola with Yinsen of all people?
“I know. There’s an impenetrable room in this house that would suggest you’re better. We’ve never seen this kind of metal before. Our specialist thinks it might even withstand the drop of a bomb.”
It took only a single ram of his shoulder to bust the lock on the old door, unfortunately giving the old man sat on the pot on the other side a horrible fright as Deiter stumbled inside, nearly falling on top of him. The old man let out an undignified shriek which devolved into irate curses as Deiter hurried to exit, already puffing on his whistle to sound the alarm.
“You’re a Jew?” Stefen asked slowly, as if testing the words. Tony nodded and waited, but nothing else was forthcoming. Stefen said nothing, didn’t reach for him (why would he?) only continued to stare at Tony as if he were seeing him for the very first time. He’d gotten his wish after all, Tony thought with bitter amusement.
“Yes, yes of course, Captain.”
He was. But being alive could hold horrors not even death could match, and living with himself if he continued to do nothing was one of them.
“I’m asking you to
“You can’t mean both.” She hissed, clenching her skirt in her fists tightly. “It’s disloyal. It’s lying. Are you asking me to lie?”
? Fuck you.”
Perhaps he had Jewish heritage. Wouldn't that be something? Jews were just sliding in everywhere weren’t they? It was rumored that even Himmler’s heritage was being examined. Rogers certainly displayed Semitic tendencies.
pray tell, gave Herr Stark the impression that he could take my children out of this house?” Steve asked, voice so dangerously controlled that even Justin knew better than to say another word. Virginia to her credit met his gaze without flinching, though Steve would not have wished to face himself at that moment had he been in her shoes.
“Farkas? Ha. You didn’t tell him you were inquiring on my behalf, did you?”
He caught himself puzzling over the contradictions that the captain presented and snorted derisively at himself. So the man wasn’t big on reading. It was hardly indicative of good character. If the penmanship in his letters was anything to go by reading and writing had come to Rogers late in life and probably reluctantly at that. Nothing more to it.
Steve tried to reach for him, grimacing at the brutal ache and the heaviness that weighed down his limbs. He clenched his teeth together, pushing through the sharp stabs of pain in order to reach. His arm shook terribly, and the pads of his fingers just barely brushed the warm skin of Tony's warm wrist but when he did, Tony stilled and looked down at him. Brown eyes meeting his. Warm skin under his fingers. Real. Alive. Oh god. Please. Please.
The person with her, a man, stomped about, flicking his torch left and right. Steve could see the beam of light roaming this way and that through the threads of the blanket. He couldn’t hope that the man wouldn’t investigate the mound of blankets in the corner. Steve had the element of surprise but that was all. He'd have to rely on that, and what strength he could muster. It might work, presuming the other man didn’t have a weapon.
Tony knew orders when he heard them. He nodded and the housekeeper left him with a swirl of skirts, her smart heels clicking on the floor.
The smell hit him first. Dvorak was familiar to the smell of bodies and the waste those bodies created, but there was a distinct sour scent that came with the sick and injured. One that got in through the nose, sank into your bones and crawled up the spine.
Bucky had seen it before he did.
It was very quiet following his little speech and Tony could feel Stefen’s eyes boring into him, could imagine them well enough staring at him with glittering intelligence, catching more than Tony was comfortable revealing.
“Tony?”
They were meant to be preparing for General Schmidt and Colonel Marquering to come through for inspection, but Rogers had insisted they spend the morning huffing it around the training ground under the guise of strengthening the men's lungs.
There was a near stabbing as Tony collided with Bucky. Stefen’s door had opened suddenly and the man exited carrying a bucket full of soiled towels, but Tony’s reflexes were just fast enough to avoid what would have been a very unfortunate accident.
“How sure about this are you?” Bucky grunted, obstinate as ever, but Tony saw the shift in his eyes, the there and gone again flash of something young, bare, and vulnerable.
If the thought of Péter putting himself in danger weren’t so utterly horrifying Steve would have laughed. No, none of their mother’s or anyone else’s please had stopped him and Bucky from doing what they’d felt they had to do. Tony was right, as was so often the case, but for once Steve couldn’t muster up any ire about it. He found himself promising Tony that he’d think about it and the smile Tony rewarded him with was so brilliant that Steve knew there was no going back. He would have to find a way to handle Schmidt.
Tony's strained yell floated down the hall, echoing through the house, as he called for Natacha to hurry up. A moment later he was yelling incredulously at James, who apparently hadn't even begun to get ready.
The city of Pula (ne:Pola) stretches on and beneath seven lush green hills. It is known for its crystal beaches and abundant flora, including olive trees and wine vinyards.
A piano was being played somewhere with no real concentration, just notes being tapped out, followed by the murmured of voices. Other than that, the house seemed eerily quiet to him, as if it weren’t occupied by near a dozen people.
Steve pulled the car around to the garage when they pulled in, because there was no reason for leaving it in the front besides making more work for Harold, and even though Bucky teased him for going through the trouble of employing a chauffeur and going out of his way to lessen his workload, it was a habit that Steve had never been able to break. Bucky had never had a problem enjoying luxury once it had started coming their way, but Steve had never gotten comfortable being waited on.
Bruce’s mouth tightened. It was far from the first time Tony had challenged his belief or asked after his reasons for committing himself to the life of a monk. He was a scientist for Christ’s sake!
He felt drained and heavy hearted. Devastated at finding them only to know he would inevitably lose them all over again. It made his stomach curdle.
Tony followed the captain into the house study, a generic if well-appointed little room that had none of the subtle touches of personality that Stefen’s private study back at the villa had. His heart was beating in anticipation of finally having a moment alone and getting answers to the millions of questions screaming in his head, but when Stefen closed the door behind him he quickly moved away, putting the desk between Tony and himself.
“What is it you want then?” Stefen asked, brow burrowing heavily in confusion, a bite of aggravation in his tone as he snipped. “Name it, Tony and you’ll have it. I don’t understand why you’re talking about boxes and cages when you could have the damn world for all I cared.”
Stefen extended the small scrap of card he held which Tony could see held faint writing scribbled in pen. He took it from Stefen gingerly, feeling left footed but curious.
“Romeo and Juliet. Ever read it?”
“No. I’ve been there and seen the conditions myself! It’s deplorable how these Czech shiteaters treat Germans,” Zimmerman snapped back. “Our own people!”
“I can’t even imagine what they must be going through. I’m only glad word got to British parliament. There’s been so many conflicting reports, I was worried no one would help.” Charlotte murmured, her eyes locked on the news reel as she claimed the open seat on Bucky’s left side, she did not even bother to scold him for his language in front of the children.
“Rochel needs to get out of Poland,” he rasped, looking up to meet Steve’s eyes once more and in them Steve saw the same fear and dread that dogged every step Steve made. Cursing under his breath he revealed, “I warned her, but she won’t leave that man of hers. She’s stubborn.”
“Don’t leave that lying around either,” Bucky barked from the corner. “Last thing we need is the Nazi’s getting ahold of that list.”
“Antony, darling how marvelous to see you. You look ravishing!” Janneke drawled appearing in a cloud of perfume and irresistible energy. Though Tony hardly knew her, he went along with it as she pressed kisses against both of his cheeks and firmly placed herself between him and the odious Frau Ursala.
Tony smiled, rubbing her small back gently with a hum of satisfaction.
It was silent as the children digested his treasonous words. Tony could hope of course that the little ones would listen to him out of hand, because he was a trusted elder and was to be listened to as a matter of course. They couldn’t completely grasp the notion that he might be bad, might be someone they shouldn’t trust.
"How awful." The Baroness murmured, and Deiter's stomach clenched tightly with anxiety as he recognized the threat of tears in her voice. "I'm sorry I don't mean to make a spectacle. It's just that the children have been through so much. And I've heard such horrible rumors. I hardly know who or what to trust anymore."
Deiter looked away from the uncomfortable sight, heading toward the counter with a mind to order a coffee for himself while he kept a close eye on the table where Baroness Schrader sat with the children. There was a severe looking woman with full cheeks and a red nose sitting at the small bar and a gentleman in a cap reading a paper and smoking. Deiter nodded to them both, but both seemed wary of him and angled their bodies away. He did not take personal offense, though it did irritate. Being police in these times often meant being met with fear and mistrust from the very people he'd sworn to protect.
"You batt your eyelashes at me again, and I'll skin your eyelids. Slurp them with my soup.” Was all he said before turning his eyes back to the road. Tony swallowed thickly and followed suit, though he couldn’t help casting the man a nervous glance or two. Even Clint kept his mouth shut. Bucky's tells were much harder to read than Stefen's and he looked altogether too serious about that threat.
Bucky wasn’t sure yet what he was going to do about that, because as true as that was it was also undeniably true that Stark was good for them. He’d been good for this family.
His mind suddenly pulled an image of two children in the garden, playing with sticks.
What must Stefen think after hearing something like that, hearing that Tony had been the worst sort of youth before he’d been locked up behind the abbey walls and that he’d wanted to fight against his own countrymen? No doubt the worst.  How could he not, when he’d given so much for Austria, fought so long and so hard.
“We all understand the need for a firm hand, but we have the public to think of, don’t we.” Striker griped in reply, crossing his legs. He had lit up a cigar and taken a seat on the sofa next to Khalmmer. For such a thick man he somehow managed to look delicate if not somewhat fussy. His mannered movements reminded Steve of the cats they’d kept in the caravan, delicately licking the inside of a sparrow.
“They are well Frauline Werner, though we don’t see them often.”
“Here, James let’s get you dressed.” Tony offered gently, despite agreeing with Natacha that this little production of his was beyond ridiculous. It was not a battle he wished to have this morning, so if James needed to pretend like he didn’t know how to put his pants on then Tony was willing to indulge him. But James was having none of it.
words out, but his tongue was wood in his mouth and his head full of water.
Tony flinched, slamming the door shut on the memory with gritted teeth.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I've got her and a few of my other groups singing at the palace in Vienna next week for the crown prince of Norway."
It made some of the tension in him ease, a small smile of pride forming as he watched her ignore the wide-eyed gasps of her friends and stride toward Joshua, hand held out imperiously in demand of one of the ties.
“Elephants?” Natacha, catching on to the game, suggested dryly with a sardonic lift of one red eyebrow and Tony’s mouth lifted in an answering smirk.
All medicine was a form of poison in one way or another. In very careful doses belladonna could be used to subdue bronchial spasms and numb pain in the body.
But Tony and Stefen knew better. They knew that the German people had once said and thought the same things, and the Austrians after them. It was complacency bought with temporary comfort, but it was no less bloody for that fact. Perhaps more so, for knowing better and choosing to close one’s eyes.
"Looks like we have to hoof it." he told Péter as he rejoined him in the dining room and Péter nodded, brow puckering with unease. He thought it strange too. The walk from the village to the villa wasn't that long - some of the staff made the trek every day - but the temperature had dropped drastically with the setting of the sun, and neither of them were as wrapped up as they could have been. Péter didn't complain, but Tony could hear his teeth chattering. He shared the last of the schnapps, the brothers had given him and watched somewhat amused as Péter eagerly tipped the flask to his lips and gulped the liquor down, only for his face to twist up in a gruesome expression as he immediately coughed and sputtered.
“Perhaps he is just eccentric. And that, my dear, is dangerous. There are many men who are crying their devotion to the will of God even as they betray the Führer, His chosen leader. The Führer is forced to weed them out of the church, revealing them for the charlatans and traitors that they really are. It’s a terrible business.”
Schmidt carried on as if Steve hadn’t spoken.
“Oh, no! I mean yes… It’s Stark, writing about the children.”
Finally, Baroness Schrader straightened up from where she knelt over Rogers’ bed with a small sigh. She walked briskly with her head held high to the doorway. She extended a hand in the direction of Frau Hogan, presumably to guide her along as well, but the housekeeper didn't budge. They woman didn't move so much as an inch as she looked warily back and forth between Rogers and Dr. Fischer, with unmasked apprehension.
Virginia looked up from where she lay with Harold as Steve reentered the music room to blink owlishly at him in question. In the few minutes he’d been gone it looked like the younger children had fallen asleep, likely driven there by sheer exhaustion. He tried for stealth, and judging by the look Virginia gave him only achieved the stealth of bull.
He leaned close enough to knock their shoulders together, and it hurt deep inside, how real it felt, even though Steve was still aware enough to know that it wasn’t.
“Catch!”
"I loved a man once who was out of my reach, and I know why you might choose to love such a man anyway. Even if it means your heart breaks." Virgina explained, her tone unbearably patient. Charlotte laughed again, the sound harsh in the stillness between them, because what did Virginia, whose husband looked at her as if she were the sun the moon and all the stars in-between, know about loving a man who only wanted her for rescue? A man who took and took and took from her even when he knew he'd never choose her?
God no wonder the older children had stopped doing it. It was damn embarrassing.
Steve had faith in the strength of his connections and the goodwill of MI9 or else he wouldn’t have taken the risk, but everything else was up to fate. Would it be a year before he saw his children again? Two? Three? He could as easily die in battle as not. He and Tony both.
“A little warm up never hurts.”
It was because Tony was a suspicious bastard (and not a worried mother hen) that he didn’t ‘take the summer air’ (as Bakhuizen had so helpfully suggested) instead he spent his day in the garage tinkering with the cars and pretending to keep Harold company when they both weren’t avidly watching the activity in the back yard where Captain Rogers and his surly childhood friend appeared to be engaged in teaching his children how to brawl.
He'd practically whooped with relief when Steve had told him that Charlette had accepted him. Jesus Christ, but Steve didn’t know how lucky he was. He needed Charlotte more than ever now. Like a man needed water in a desert! He said he knew what he had to do, but then he looked at Stark and a blind man could see how lost he was. He said he knew, but then he kissed the man as if compelled by the hands of god, not caring at all that Bucky was
On Air: F. Banks
~*~*~*~*~
But as Tony opened his journal to find the list of code words Stefen had given him before he’d left Berlin and began to untangle the message in order to prepare his reply, it began to sink in just how serious the nature of this communication was.
“Just twice as many people and most of them my worst enemies.”
“And your mother gave them to you.” Tony guessed with great sadness the pieces slowly coming together with a kind of horror. Though these were not his beliefs he couldn’t make light of what Stefen was telling him, of what it must feel like for him to know what had been sacrificed for him. Stefen nodded slowly and blinked back the threat of tears Tony saw gathering in his eyes.
Steve reached down and stroked the animal’s head, rubbing just behind the hinge of the jaw like the animal liked.
“They’re biding their time.”
Stark laughed and quipped something about it being quite enjoyable, and Bucky tore his eyes away from the god damn spectacle they insisted on making of themselves and quickly glanced to Charlotte. Charlotte just looked amused from where she stood at Stefen’s side, seemingly unaware of the current flowing between Steve and Stark as she watched the conversation unfold.
“Tony,” he murmured, something intent about it, his gaze narrowing on Tony's face with intense scrutiny as he raised a hand to brush his fingers gently against the swell of Tony's cheek. The touch, so unexpected, felt like fire against his skin.
, were to be pitied for their ability to grasp their own inferiority.  There was a constant fear gnawing at him, that someone would discover that he and his children were Rom – that he was no different from the poor children they’d ripped away from their parents for the crime of race mixing. It made him sick to take such relief in meaningless things like the fact that most of his children had inherited fair hair and light eyes, but by god if it meant somewhere down the line someone was more merciful or stayed their hand, then he’d be thankful.
But Steve glanced around and saw that they were parked on the side of a country road, hills on either side, no sign of town anywhere near and he blinked gummy eyes at Magda in confusion.
“Eat dirt you bully!”
begged not to be hurt.
It was because eyes were the window of the soul and his mother used to tell him it was bad luck to look at dirty things. Natacha’s Baka used to tell stories like that too. She'd warned Natacha never to stare directly into the eyes of a cat, and that if she made a mistake and did, to eat a handful of berries to make herself clean again.
"Can we trust this cardinal fellow to do that?" Bucky asked, brow furrowed deeply in suspicion. "Some fancy official from Rome. Why would he help us? I don’t like it. You can’t trust the Italians far as you can throw em."
Stark had a way about him that Steve struggled to put words to. He might call it star quality but that seemed silly. Stark had chosen to be a monk after all. His clothing was understated, his manners polished, but nothing about the man himself could be as easily summarized.
What little space was left between them was slowly being eaten up as Tony leaned into him, his warm hands smoothed over Steve’s wrist. Steve's pulse jumped under the caress, shockingly more intimate then any kiss they’d shared. He brushed his lips over Tony's mouth in a question, Tony’s warm breath tickling his skin as they breathed in time. The question hung suspended between them and Steve waited, stuck in place by Tony’s soft brown eyes as they searched his.
And while Tony knew she was seizing the distraction that had presented itself, he also knew how to bide his time.
He rolled onto his front. Steve had already left to bathe and wash the sweat from his body. The moment he had left the bed Bucky, who’d been in the chair next to him (like a father at the sickbed of a child) had flopped into the bed. There was no going back to sleep for Steve but he hadn't complained when Bucky had pulled up a chair and proclaimed his inability to sleep and want of a good book.
Steve nodded and abandoned his seat at the bar, striding through the semi-crowded room towards a secluded booth near the back. He’d chosen the location for the meeting carefully because he knew the exits as well as the man who ran the establishment. If Coulson was surprised by his taking charge he didn’t show it, taking the seat Steve and Bucky left open for him. It left him with his back to the doorway, and Steve was no highly trained secret agent but he thought the man had to know. Even so Coulson accepted it, his calm demeanor never wavering.
“Tony stop! Let her go.”
” Steve wished him luck, and on the other end of the line Bucky took a deep breath, letting it out slow, his voice filled with heaviness and warm with deeply rooted affection.
“Of course Honey,” he agreed without a second’s thought.
“No, I won’t. Someone must see to Father’s health and the family’s affairs. It is not fair to leave it all to the Baroness and I am his oldest child.” She recited somberly, and she didn’t even flinch at the way Vreni’s eyes misted when she thought what neither of them said aloud. Natacha was the oldest child
“Think I couldn’t figure that out? The woman’s sharp as a tack and you’ve got her squaring off with Ginger. Christ. She’s just a kid, Stevie.” Bucky breathed out heavily and Steve pressed his foot down on the gas without another word. He couldn’t help but feel slightly vindictive. Now did Bucky understand? It wasn’t as if it made Steve
~*~*~
Bucky stared hard at the man. He wasn’t Steve. He didn’t play nice or bother with pleasantries or war games. He hadn’t forgotten what they’d done in the mountains. They'd buried more than one Italian in the snow.
“He’s right here,” Natacha’s voice came from behind him and Tony looked back toward the door where she and Péter were now standing with Sara in Péter’s arms and Ian between them. Natacha had one hand wrapped firmly around Ian’s arm. Not to hold him back, Tony realized taking in the pallor of the boy’s face and the anxiousness in his big eyes – but to hold him up.
Everything had a flinty quality to it, like the sun was too bright, his pupil s unable to dilate and accommodate. He licked his lips and nodded “Yes, I am a gypsy and so was your Baka."
“What if a lion eats us? I know they don’t live here, but there are some at the circus. I saw it on a poster.” He whispered anxiously, as if saying it aloud would increase the chances that a lion was about to come tearing out of the dark hallway to gobble them all up. “One could have escaped. Don’t you think?”
Ian stepped back from the door, craning his head back to see that a balding man had opened the shutters of the upstairs window and stuck and was leaning out in an attempt to get a good look at him.
Steve and Bucky go to Vienna again for round two of boring meetings and social parties, only this time Steve cant stop thinking about his children, and Tony (but that's because children). There's a handsome prince and his dick of a brother, and intrigue galore. Steve just wants to know if Tony's here yet with the kids. Don't tell Bucky he's not a good bro. He'll fight you. And he doesn't even know what problematic means. Oh and Steve attempts to date Charlotte. That too.
“What happened?” Steve asked, gently cupping Tony’s jaw and refocusing on the bruises littering Tony’s face. Tony had never said what happened, and now Steve needed to know like the question was a live wire under his skin.
~*~**~*~
“You’d have to desert your post and they can’t get word of what he is doing. Think what will happen! You won’t put him at more risk Stefen, I know you won’t.” she said and Steve snarled in frustration before the energy just seemed to leave him in a giant rush. She was right. Damn it but she was right.
Tony looked startled as Nigel made a noise of exclamation, grabbing for his hand and pumping it mightily.
The children had stopped singing, baffled voices trailing off to follow his enraptured gaze to the scene unfolding meters away.
Rogers was on his side with his back to them when they entered, his head bent over a bowl that a young woman in a soiled apron was holding up for him. Her eyes where scrunched closed so as not to see whatever was forcing its way out of Rogers system, her face having taken on a peaky pallor that suggested at any moment she might faint or join him in spilling his guts. The fingers Rogers had clutching the bowl were lily white, the muscles in his back spasming with every heave.
Tony sang, squeezing Stefen’s shoulder gently and Stefen smiled, eyes swimming with unshed tears. Tony gestured to the children and they ran to circle them, joining in until their voices rang out as a group.
“When is Dr. Erskine coming?” She asked, drawing his attention back. "He needs to come.”
“And I have his back, Sir.”
Tony was almost glad after all the weirdness to see the return of the Captain’s unsure expression. He held James at arm’s length (like he might be dangerous) but James held onto the captain’s muscular arms and kicked his legs experimentally, inspecting his legs in the water with interest.
Yes, Tony thought with an inward sigh. They wouldn’t want to be late to that damnable dinner.
Of course not. His name was Antony Stark and he was too foolish not to go about breaking his heart over impossible dreams. Which was why he was watching the clock for Péter and Natacha to come home that night, because he worried about them each time they suited up for their programs and left the proverbial nest, and because both children had been acting strangely.
Pepper took a sip from her glass and asked if Maria wouldn't like to learn something else, painting perhaps. Which Tony thought was rather presumptuous of her. He could draw well enough, at least when it came to designing boats and machine parts, but he wouldn’t exactly call himself an artist. She had not rejected any of the other children’s suggestions; even Péter’s potentially dangerous notion of learning chemistry so there was no reason to stifle Maria’s hope to learn something of music.
The clothing he’d made from the fabric he’d been given was better, if somewhat plain and unadorned, but with seven charges to look after Tony hadn’t exactly had time to throw together a three piece suit. He wasn’t a seamstress, and shocking as it might seem even he couldn’t be good at everything.
Ian’s tone remained the very picture of earnest, but Tony caught the smug beginnings of a smile that he couldn’t quite hide quick enough and the rare glitter of mischief in his eyes. Surprised, Tony barked a laugh and the grin Ian had been fighting blossomed to full body. Fondness bubbled up brightly in Tony’s chest along with the sudden burst of mirth only to sharpen once more into a sudden stab of longing.
Steve managed a breath. The pleasant buzz in his mind had become something of a painful drumming (Stark’s fault of course) and he was still deciding on what biting thing to say in return when Pe- Virginia (damn it!) stepped into the study with a fresh bottle in hand.
“Thank you, but I’ve actually come to make Tony some lunch.” Ian announced when he’d drained the last swallow from his mug, and felt the sweet hazy warmth of the brew settle in his belly. Willamina arched a questioning brow as she took the emptied mug from him and added it to the pile of dirtied dishes waiting for Hortense.
He rebuked himself, gritting his teeth as he steeled his nerves. He
Steve bristled, an old anger beginning to simmer in his gut as he and Bucky stared off, neither one willing to back down.
“Do try not to be so trite, Charlotte.” The countess snipped without sparing the younger woman so much as a glance and Tony winced. Charlotte caught him staring and arched an eyebrow in challenge. He raised his glass to her in salute and took a drink for both of them. God, and he’d thought his relationship with Hughard had been cold.
"I saw that little dance upstairs same as you. Maybe clearer. He already suspects."
Maybe that was true for many, but Tony had met enough for whom it wasn’t, and for whom the test of years and ever changing public attitudes had changed little.
“You don't eat! It sounds like a hungry song.” he said matter of factly.
“It’s best if we all get back to normal,” she announced to the table at large. Whatever normal had been before that one awful night, Stefen seemed to be in no hurry to bring it back. It was a struggle just to get him to agree to eat in the dining room. There were apparently more ways out in the kitchen, should the Gestapo come banging down the door - an all too real fear, now that he was openly defying his orders.
“What? No. It wasn’t… I don’t…” the boy fumbled. “It was Harry! He’s my friend, but Father doesn’t like him. Please Herr Stark he must’nt know!”
They’d meant to keep his face clean. No strikes to the back of the head, nothing that could be fatal.
Bucky rubbed his face, trying to shake the uneasy feeling that had settled in his gut.
They are called that because they are musicians and dancers by trade. For hundreds of years they’ve traveled from place to place, beguiling people with their music and their dances in exchange for food or money. Nobody knows where they started, or where they are going. Because for the rom it’s not about the beginning or the destination. It’s about the journey they take together. They don’t believe land or the comforts it provides is something any one person can own… it’s something to be experienced and shared together.
“Calling the Gestapo is the only thing that will save us now!” Franz was saying. Steve kept the pair in the corner of his eye as he continued his slow search, trying not to draw their attention. And there! There it was. The rifle, resting on a small mound of hay, partially buried where Patroche had kicked some over it in his distress.
“Can you identify them?” Bucky asked, reaching for his gun and getting up from his pallet on the floor, where he’d been decidedly not sleeping. Scott was peering through the binoculars but at this time of night Bucky doubted he’d be able to discern whether they were in danger until the gestapo were nearly upon them. He glanced back once, gratified to see that the others had armed themselves and were ready for a confrontation.
merel muro
“Too true. Stefen. You’re standing there looking fairly useless.”
That was just fine with Steve. He nodded a greeting at the children and sat. It had been at least a two weeks since he had last ate with them. It wasn't purposeful, when he was away he was away and when he was home he was in and out at all manners of the hour.
A low chuckle rumbled from the captain’s chest and Tony grinned.
Blearily Steve opened his eyes, confused by the brightness coming from the lamp on the bedside and the blurred but distinctly unfamiliar surroundings slowly taking shape around him. This was not the tent his family shared! There was someone looming over him, touching him! Not Ma, not Bucky, not -!
Tony sighed. He didn't have the heart to explain that his textbook took up twice the space of any stuffed toy or box of building blocks.
“I felt like such an outsider, so alone while this man I barely knew droned on about forgiveness and piety.” The monk continued as if Steve hadn't spoken. “It was several years before I understood what he meant by it.”
“Why do you say that?” Steve frowned. Tony was fond of the countryside like Steve was fond of public speaking. A necessary evil.
A gust of wind chilled the exposed areas of his skin and he brought his arms around his chest and closer to his body for warmth.
The ballroom had mostly emptied, the late stayers drifting to the parlor room for drinks and smokes and more intimate conversations. Which only made it that much more obvious really that Stefen had gone missing. Again. That had been just fine with him, at first. Christmas or no, familia or no, Bucky still itched to put Stefen’s head through a wall every time they were forced to be in the same company for more than three minutes. He was angry. That's just how it was.
“She’s right you know.” Péter mused clapping a consoling hand on Ian’s shoulder and giving it a firm squeeze. “We’re family. That means we’ll always be here for each other, won’t we?”
His throat was tightening again. He cleared it and looked back up at Bucky who was watching him closely.
The little girl who cried at dirt on her dress seemed far away now as she thrashed ungracefully in the water, smiling big and bright as water dripped into her mouth.
“Excuse me, no. Twisting the situation will get you nowhere captain. Weren't you the one who needs my company?”
Tony had never seen him this unkempt by choice. Captain Rogers, and then Major Rogers after him, always carefully presented himself with military polish. But he’d been changed. They’d both been changed. And Tony wondered what he’d want to present to the world now, given the option.
It went suddenly and starkly silent as Artur blinked up at him – stricken as if Tony had slapped him instead of merely shouted – shoulders hitching with aborted sobs.
Those early summers back when he’d been a boy as young as Sara, when they’d journey from their villa atop the hill down into the village where she’d spent her days as a girl to visit his grandparents and his uncles, had seemed like a grand adventure. She was Ruth come home again.
“Buck!”
Ian wriggled where he stood, waiting anxiously as his father began to repair the damage. He wanted to say something. It was on the tip of his tongue to do so, but the words wouldn't come out. They were all stuck like marbles in his mouth. He couldn’t even get past forming them in his head.
Becker swiped sweat from his forehead, wishing he could reach the droplets that crawled down his spine.
“I’m afraid I insist.” Tony replied just as smoothly in return. “Do you expect His Holiness simply to accept your word? Or the word of men who would say anything to appease their captors and assure their release?” Tony asked, looking toward the two silent men who were gazing at their hands but no doubt drinking in every word of the exchange.
As his Nonna used to say. Time was the truest test.
“Of course!” Steve cut him off, the sharpness of it surprising even him. He just needed the man to stop talking. He didn’t want to hear how Nina Kroger was innocent and not ready for the demands of the Reich like his children supposedly were. Like James, who despite every insistence that he was not a baby like Artur, still couldn’t sleep without his brothers. Or like Péter who’d come home with eyes blackened so often Steve had sent him to Switzerland just to be sure he’d make it through the year. Or Natacha, who was only twelve but might as well have been a cow for how they inspected her teeth and measured her waist and declared her prime stock.
It was six long hours before the solution was ready despite everything Tony did to hurry the process. Finding the right tools and materials in the infirmary stocks was simple enough, but finding Bruce’s notes on the experiment and Dr. Pyms letters took nothing short of time, as he and Péter frantically searched through what amounted to the full library of old journals and portfolios and loose paper that Bruce had kept in his office.
"You're brilliant Tony." Stefen exclaimed just when the silence seemed to drag too long. The smile blooming on his face was radiant even within the dark of the room. And then, unthinkably, he’d grabbed Tony by both cheeks and pressed a feverish kiss against his lips.
“My fiancée will take care of them. She knows about all this.”
any of the desire. The pull, the throb, the slow liquid heat of it all was like a memory from childhood. Longed for, but lost to him.
He couldn't discern the look the monk gave him in response to that. To others it might have been a mild stare but there was something just behind it, swimming in the depths. Steve just couldn't decide if it was a dangerous or not.
~*~*~*~
Tony’s mother had drilled social niceties too intently into him for Tony’s nod and reply not to come off polite and sincere, but it was a near thing.
“Go home Cate. Straight home. Natacha, come here.” He stood glaring at Natacha until she got the message.
Tony looked up from the journal he wasn’t truly paying much attention to and glanced out over the yard where Péter and his younger brothers were gathered together. Péter was showing them how to use stones in order to carve symbols on the trees. To what purpose Tony didn’t know, but they seemed to be enjoying themselves. It was a rare moment of peace between the brothers and for a moment Tony just sat and watched them, listening to their voices carry over the yard and let his heart fill with the full measure of affection and sorrow the moment seemed to warrant. He wished he could stop time for them, so that they would always be together. Always be just as safe and happy as they were now.
Ian had asked, some of that awe bleeding away to distress, and Artur had whimpered like a big baby until Tony had picked him up and answered,
“Well, seeing how Virgina thinks you’re an odious toad that doesn’t surprise me.” Tony replied and the officers chortled over their oats. Tony winked at Artur who let out a gasp of shocked delight, and went back to forcing down his own dinner. He made a face at the mushy way it stuck to his mouth. God it really was awful.
“And you're bringing uncle Bucky back and not the baroness?” Natacha questioned with that same air of suspicion.
Tony paused at the door and turned back to look at Stefen at the sound of his voice. The captain had risen from his chair and there was such a look of sincerity on his face and gratitude in his every word as he spoke that Tony’s chest felt tight.
Tony kept his expression carefully impassive. All that, just confirmed what Tony had suspected already. Instinct and not intel had brought Stanislov here. Had he been aware that Nonno and Nonna had defied his attempts to run them out of town after his mother’s death, they would have been his first stop. And if he knew anything concrete about Stefen and the children he wouldn’t have been shy about that either.
He’d held off, mindful of the duties he absolutely could not shirk at the prince’s arrival, but there was no point in distance now. He would send for Tony and the children and make good of what time he had left by spending every moment he could with them.
“Péter.”
“Only that you’re not the only revolutionary in Salzburg and your son has a good heart.”
“When are you coming back.”
The announcement was followed by an uproar from the men, but all Steve would remember was the numbness he felt.
“N-nothing. Nowhere. That is, Magda went to the station. Father hired workers from the Labor Force to help with the pre-season. She w-went to fetch them and was delayed coming home. The gestapo know all this, please!”
“Really.”
That was the great crime of it all really, she thought to herself as she finished penning the letter to Margrit’s parents. There was so much love poured into Stefen’s home. The way that he and Peggy had loved each other was seeped into every last crack.
Tony had looked to the soldier marching alongside their crawling car and asked, and the man had replied that they were rescues, shipped in fresh from the Sudetenland. They were there to give their thanks for being returned to the empire and be welcomed back into Germany by all those gathered there that day.
“Is James very cold Tacha?” Sara asked, watched Natacha dip the rag back into the warm water before sliding it over his skin again.
but it is. You’re questioning me right now. The Führer called for complete education reform and he was once a student of many fine teachers, some he liked, some he clearly did not. Now everything has changed to reflect what he likes.”
They ate in tense silence. Péter coughing every so often and looking up to catch Steve’s eye. Steve ignored him, any trace of his mild mood slipping away with each minute.
“Shhh. Don’t worry about that right now. Just breathe.” Tony hushed him, hands holding him firmly. It wasn’t Tony shaking he realized. It was him.
“I think one of the maids was looking for something. Or... maybe Herr Hammer? He comes in sometimes.”
“Does it matter?” Stefen spat, ready as ever to defend Stark.
“See what?”
Kurt Dobas still had the beady eyes of a fox (not to mention the hair to match) and the man’s wide mouth split into a shark toothed grin.
"Stark has gone missing?" both men turned, surprised to find Baroness Schrader standing behind them, her fingers clutching tightly to the handle of her purse as she glanced worriedly between them.
“I didn’t know he was a friend of your fathers. I thought he was your driver.”
Maria swallowed and scooted toward him, wincing as her stockings dragged through the dust on the floor.
“Then why isn’t he in the book?” Ian asked perplexed, and Tony grimaced.
“Are we ready to negotiate now Gentlemen?”
“Is there something you need?”
“Your mind, Tony, I struggle sometimes comprehending just what you could do with it. And clearly this,” he leaned closer and tapped the corner of the page Tony was writing on, “means more to you than anything else. So why join a monastery?”
The last words had barely escaped Tony’s mouth before Stefen’s hands tightened their hold and drew him into a kiss, his mouth claiming Tony’s with an unbearable sweetness that made the monk shudder from head to toe, a lump of tangled emotions burning behind his rib cage as he brought his hands up to clutch desperately at Stefen.
“Wicked man.” Tony’s grandmother seethed under her breath. “God have mercy on them.”
“Thank you, captain. I'm afraid I lost Thor in the crowd.” Siv said gratefully and Steve nodded.
When Tony stayed quiet Stefen searched his eyes, but for once Tony had nothing to say. His only defense was the stillness of a mouse as the cat’s stare searched the shadows. It was new and uncomfortable and he could say without doubt that he did not particularly enjoy feeling mouse like. He tensed to pull away when Stefen spoke again.
“I’ll definitely need that antenna, but I’ll get it working Captain.” Tony promised. He couldn’t say that he wasn’t afraid. There was a part of him that very much was. But if Stefen was working directly with British intelligence something very big must be going on. He must feel they had a genuine chance of avoiding war and for that Tony was glad to take the risk.
-The Cabin-
Tony paused in his letter to the Abbott as another bout of thunder rattled the windows on either side of the bed. He eyed the storm shutters, wondering if he shouldn’t lock them if the storm was going to get much worse. Another clap of thunder followed by a sudden gust of wind that sent the shutters banging against the side of the house decided him.
to watch. You really should have been there."
No one believed her, but Frau Zemo was the youngest and the most sporting of the wives so she’d volunteered to show them all around in her husband’s absence.
And why not. Steve was a wealthy man of importance and she was a beautiful Baroness, kin of his late wife even. Perfect match.
Father’s face fell. He looked sad now but Natacha would not comfort him. She needed to understand first, needed to know what she was supposed to do in order to ensure his wellbeing.
In which the Rogers family goes camping and Steve's grinchy little heart gets a size upgrade (or seven). Tony rethinks the wisdom of swimming in their underthings when one of them could be a Greek god, and Bucky, well Tony doesn't know what to make of Bucky yet. Tony might be in trouble in the heart department, but he might not have long to live either so there's that. Always that.
He was in Salzburg in his own house, his office for god's sake. When had he become so feeble minded?
“Do neither of you grasp what this is?” Stefen shook the book he still held in his hands. “This saves millions of lives. If we get this to the British they’ll have no choice but to act. They’ll cut off the head of the snake before it strikes. Somebody has to do this!”
Franz bolted toward the door and a scream tore from Steve's throat, panic blinding him as he stumbled frantically after him. But he was weak and slow, and it was Magda again who stopped Franz. She slammed into his back, grabbing him around the shoulders and pulled him back with all her might. They tussled, staggering and thrashing back and forth as Franz continued to inch his way toward the door of the barn.
He trudged back up to the campsite behind the others, keeping an eye on the rear of the line for any small bodies that might stumble or otherwise deviate from their path, sternly keeping his eyes off of the captain’s rear (even if it was beautifully sculpted and splendidly presented in his soaked trousers).
(Romany) you can’t walk straight when the road is bent.
“To educate.” Tony interjected succinctly.
And wasn’t that the god awful truth of it. Twelve years old and already she knew too much about the way the world worked. Bucky sighed, heart aching deep in his chest. He’d give just about everything if he could take the shadows from her eyes, remove the weight off of the children’s shoulders and give them the life they so deserved. Free of worry, free of shame.
Tony glanced behind him to make sure that Hammer was nowhere near, but at this end of the hall it was just the nursery and Julia was preoccupied with getting Sara and Maria’s things together. Strictly speaking Cameron should not have been upstairs. His position was one of the lowest in the household, and if they were being traditional about things he should have stayed out of sight and out of mind while he did the houses dirtiest tasks. Tony’s father had been a stickler on respecting the master of the house of course, but as a self-made man he’d never put up much with classism or many of societies rules when it came to how the help functioned. Herr Hammer was a different story and as Cameron fell under his leadership Tony didn’t want to know what creative punishment the butler would come up with if he caught the boy consorting with the Captain’s children. With soot covered hands no less.
,” he said in slow but confident French. David took a breath and mumbled something back too quiet to be truly intelligible to anyone but Ian, but Tony took it as a win when Ian flashed him a grin and a thumbs up. Tony looked to Aleksy and nodded for her to go next.
It was only when he realized that the stretching sensation on his face was a dazed smile that Steve really understood.
“We’ve just heard from above that the HJ-Patrol has been promoted to SS function. I am sure many more boys will volunteer once the announcement is made.” At Steve’s frown Olasz huffed a short sigh and quickly finished, “It’s out of my hands Rogers. The Mayor has made his demands. He thinks it’ll stop the unrest in the streets. Make everyone feel secure.”
On Air: KNIGHT
Happy Holidays! We tried so very hard to get this out in time for Christmas but oh well. It will just have to be a belated new years present. A little warning, the derailed train that is Steve Rogers life is far from back on track, but in the eye of the storm calm can be deceiving. Bucky unfortunately seems to be the only one who fully grasps this and he's 100% done. He's got 99 problems and Steve Rogers is 98 of them. Go easy on him. His head hurts.
"Péter?"
Stark was thumping about, Sara in his arms, the little girl giggling wildly. Péter was holding Maria securely in his arms as they bounced on the edge of the bed. Even Ian, the child he’d have credited with the most good sense, was dressed in bed sheets designed to look like an overcoat and...a dress? He'd tied what looked like a pillow case around his head in the fashion of a vail and was dragging James about the room, singing loudly in his brother's face. Natacha and Artur were thumping pillows like drums to a very mismatched beat. Enough so that Herr Stark, who was becoming winded had to keep stopping and repeating himself.
Steve chuckled softly “Almost. It missed.”
Steve, hoping Sam could still see him in that crush of bodies, lifted his hand in farewell. He saw Sam nod, almost imperceptibly, and his heart sank heavily into his chest.
“Buck, you don’t have to do this if-”
Steve wiped his mouth with his napkin and took it the ever present unease in his gut rising to the forefront.
“Do what?”
She was listening. Tony didn’t think she’d ever looked at him quite that way, like a child who had lost their adult, beseeching a stranger for help.
“Huh?” Péter gaped at her, unsure what she meant or what she was thinking as she turned back to the fireworks. She didn’t speak for a long time, and he became horribly anxiously certain that she was angry about what he’d said (and not said). And then she took him by complete surprise by turning and pressing a kiss to his cheek, whispering softly in his ear.
“I’m sure you’re eager to know why we’ve pulled you out of your retreat at the monastery.” Stanislov turned to him with a cheeky sort of smirk, implying some shared joke. “Is it true you took up teaching? I could hardly believe it when they told me. Hugh and I couldn’t keep you in the schoolroom. I always thought that’s why you preferred the cushy life of a monk.”
Tony left them to it, shedding his coat and his gloves as quickly as he could and rushing toward Stefen’s room. He’d heard how clean that engine sounded. Automobiles of that caliber were for the wealthy or the government connected, and nobody wealthy drove a car that nondescript. Stefen’s bedroom door was closed as he approached but he could hear low voices inside. He had no idea what excuse he was going to come up with for interrupting what was clearly a closed doors meeting, but he’d figure it out as he went. They’d already made one attempt on Stefen’s life, he wasn’t going to give them the chance to make another.
Six times. At least in Tony's presence.
“And you look it,” Tony quipped, crossing his arms and continuing, “but you are falling down, bumping and bruising your limbs, and losing your way home with alarming regularity. All of which points to a serious aliment of the mind. If it continues, I’m afraid it really would be better to keep you at home until we have you properly looked at.”
Tony licked suddenly lips.
It had always been enough, so it was not that Stefen had languished or pined away for the unattainable… it was more that he had been lonely in the knowledge that one day Bucky, the closest person to him, would find someone and Steve would fall behind.
His instincts hadn’t failed him before. Maybe it was time to go underground. He could get in touch with Jann and she’d spread the word to the others. Something wasn’t right. Something was about to happen.
“Just don’t drown yourselves.” Stefen called back in warning and Tony laughed.
Still he watched, holding his breath as he waited to see what Natacha would do. He should not have felt as if the entire world hinged upon her answer. She was a young woman just beginning to flower, and young men were going to take notice. Surely this was not the end of the world.
“Why would it do that? This is still Austria isn’t it?” Steve bit out in reply and Mueller’s eyebrows twitched.
I'll be sending her Dear John letters (roommate style) while she's away, including your comments (because she says they are her life blood). No pressure but if you feel like wishing her well, I'm sure it would cheer her up after what are no doubt going to be some pretty long days.
Steve flew down the stairs toward the staff kitchens heart, sinking when he pushed the door open only to discover an empty room. It was mostly untouched here save for the ankle-deep water and ransacked cupboards. He didn’t think this was the work of the worst of the mob. The city’s poor and starving were out in full force, taking advantage of the chaos to find food for themselves and their families.
“Yes! Yes definitely. There’s a couch in the corner, see it? I kept it for just such bodily emergencies- ah” Tony yelped as Stefen cut him off mid-sentence by scooping his knees out from under him. Instinctively Tony clung to his neck in order to stave off the feeling of falling as the captain lifted him off his feet and began to stride toward the door with purpose. He hated himself for that instinct just a little bit as a jolt of anger quickly followed it.
That was when he’d discovered his children crowded around the monk singing - what? A bar song? - something about goats on a hilltop in the dead of night, Steve felt like he was looking into a scene straight out of a mad house.
“Now that’s quite enough.” Hammer huffed, puffing up like a poked hen as he turned to Pepper and snapped. “Frau Hogan, please, take the children inside. The captain needs to be on his way.”
“Yes, yes, calm down now. You’re shaking our small friend here.” Tony interrupted the brewing squabble to gingerly pry the jar from the boy’s hands and hold it up for all of them to see. “Okay, so James has caught what does indeed appear to be a Dusky Large Blue. But the question is, is our friend here male or female?”
“He’s going to perform!” Tony heard a woman murmur excitedly as people took note of what he was carrying. The children’s reputation as performers was spreading throughout Austria and Germany. But Stefen’s face said he knew what Péter was about to ask because he’d gone perfectly still, his gaze locked on the mandolin in Péter’s hands as if he’d seen a ghost. In a very real way, perhaps he had Tony thought, heart beating heavily within his chest as Péter approached the captain.
"I see that." Tony remarked, eyeing James and grateful to see that it was one of the evenings when the middle brother had indeed successfully remembered how to dress himself.  James was all buttoned up, and hair slicked back, siting upon his bed with a journal on his lap, drawing quietly. Tony admired the well-developed sketch of his brothers standing before the mirror, noticing that he'd captured the furrow of concentration on Ian's brow with a remarkably deft touch for someone so young.
He was short with his siblings and out right picked on Artur relentlessly until the younger boy’s face turned red and his own temper overboiled. Unfortunately for James, Artur had a tendency to resort to his fists when that happened, so it didn’t surprise anyone at all that morning when James snatched the wool vest from Artur’s hands and declared it was his turn to accompany Tony outdoors for supplies. It was not, but according to James Artur was slow and too stupid to remember.
and done nothing. No when he’d spent his whole life running away from it.
“Y-Yes,” Ian interrupted the couple, shifting from foot to foot in order to warm himself.  Now that he was standing still, he felt light headed, like he had to sit down. “My name is... Edwin. My father and I were out hunting and… we got separated. I’m turned around.”
He’d just decided to say ‘forget it’ and come up with some convenient lie if Hortense or Julia happened to notice he’d spent the entire evening in the captain’s room, when a sound drifted in through the window from down below in the gardens. It sounded to Tony like the sound of a car door slamming.
"It's over
Stefen’s eyebrows inched upwards as he observed the shudder Tony couldn’t quite suppress.
“Don’t worry Bakhuizen. I promised the captain I won’t let them get hurt.” To the children he offered a smile, shining with confidence. “And there’s no fear of that because we’re just going to sing good night. You won’t trip James, and if you do just smile and keep going. Peter you’ll remember your part because it’s basically just saying goodbye over and over - and you can say it in at least three languages now so just pick one. You’re all going to be just brilliant. Okay? He’s going to be very proud of you. Just as I am.”
“It’s my fault. I told Magda we should have reported him. Franz. Franz shouldn't—”
He wasn’t supposed to know about it because no one was. Steve had only spoken of it in hushed whispers and over secretive phone calls. The last place he’d ever expected to hear it talked about, and so openly at that, was in a dress shop in the middle of Vienna.
"It was nothing, Bannführer. Just a fight." Péter said for himself, swallowing a mouthful of blood saliva. He could feel his face swelling and wondered for a moment how he'd explain it this time. Tony was not liable to believe he'd fallen off his bicycle a second time.
“You should be ashamed of how you treated your sister today. She’s small, and fragile, not unlike Mon Ami over there. I know you were sad and angry about losing your friend, but I hope you love Maria more than you ever could any pet.” Artur nodded earnestly and bit the lip that had begun to tremble. Tony felt bad for him but continued on.
"Woah there," he slurred happily, setting Tony to rights. "See I'm not the only one who has got two left feet Ginny."
He could just use the key. That’s why he’d asked for it, to have access to Tony’s locked room for God’s sake, but now that he was there and he could hear Tony on the other end of the door he’d put between them, Steve couldn’t bring himself to open it. It seemed wrong somehow without Tony’s permission. A strange feeling to have perhaps, considering Steve was master of the house and all the other times he’d barged in on Tony in the music room or his workshop but the feeling rooted his feet to the spot nonetheless.
“I was thinking about science actually. You wouldn’t understand.”
It was still in the sitting room a moment while she contemplated his proposal, fumbling and awkward as it had been. There was a sad look in her eyes that burned through him. She didn’t deserve this, he thought bitterly, but despite the look in her eyes she began to smile.
“Can’t possibly be expected to care if you don’t share them, Captain! Or to apologize when I discussed the matter with Pepper, whom you put in charge by the way, and Péter agreed it was a splendid idea –”
But the war was far behind them tonight (or at least, the booze provided that illusion).
“It’s fine. I’ll take care of it.” He found himself defending, stepping closer to Ian who blinked up at him startled.
“Natacha.”
Breakfast was bread with a kind of sour salty spread on top that reminded Steve of their childhood in the caravan.  Even Steve’s ma had kept a hen, but a few of the uncles had been flush enough to keep goats too. They were hardy and made good milk and butter. The young boys in the caravan would keep track of them while they camped, and herd them ahead of the wagon line when the caravan was on the move. The children left before, so that way if they ran into trouble the adults wouldn’t be far behind.
“You heard him. Go get ready, you should have a proper meal before we go hunting.”
him for his pleasure. Not when Steve felt so right, when every thrust drove him deeper into the depths of hot warm wet perfection and filled their ears with the jangle of the coins around his neck. Not when Steve had called him home, after so much of their lives had been set to wandering in search.
Bucky, who was taking his turn at watch at the window asked without taking his eyes from the street, “Where’s it coming from?”
“Alright, quit yammering and listen.” Bucky demanded as he slid inside the driver’s seat and yanked the door shut behind him. He popped open the glove compartment and fished around, finally drawing out an increasingly familiar set of hand drawn pistols.
“Frankly it’s unhealthy keeping them locked up here as if you feared they might catch the plague just by walking into town-”
Normally the women are buried with them see, but my baka cut hers off, so that her daughter might find acceptance with another family of rom... so that she and the child she carried wouldn’t be condemned forever to wander in exile.”
“T-Tony?” he croaked disbelieving, horrible confusion crashing together with grief in his chest, forcing the name out past a tongue that felt thick as sand paper on too little breath. He could handle being haunted by visions of his mother and the childhood he’d lost, but he could not handle his mind conjuring up this. Anything but this.
Tony staggered past Péter and into the hall, nearly knocking the boy aside in his disoriented haste. Péter’s voice stayed close, implying that the boy was right on his heels as Tony rushed down the hall for the stairs.
“I’d still rather have a dog,” Ian mumbled into the stark silence within the car, and it was silent a moment more before Tony started to laugh and Charlotte cracked, covering her mouth with her gloved hands as her shoulders began to shake.
“You stupid fool.” Franz whispered in horror.
had always been synonymous in Hughard’s mind. So maybe Tony had always been doomed to disappoint him – to be the irritatingly consistent reminder that Hughard had climbed into bed with the enemy and that such actions bore dangerous consequences. For Hughard, Hamburg was home and their villa in Pola had been delegated as ‘the summer house’.
There was a roaring in Tony’s ears that had nothing to do with the fire. He was struck by the urge to cover his ears, the desire to turn his back and simply walk away before he could hear the captains answer so strong his whole body twitched.
“I don’t, but I’ve had seven babies, as Tony likes to keep pointing out. So, I’m a little biased towards them,” Steve answered with a chuckle and Ian sighed, accepting the wisdom in those words easily.
Pacing the floor Bucky halted in front of the writing desk in the corner and just before Steve's patience was about to snap he finally said, "She said Jonny came for tea the other day and that Frank misses playing with kids his own age. Susann wants to send him up the river."
“On an adventure. He wouldn’t tell us anything, like we were babies. But I’m not a baby.”
Tony watched as the captain paused like a deer caught in the lights of a moving car, and waited to hear what he would say.
Péter, who had curled his knees up to his chin stared up at Tony with warm brown eyes, something vulnerable in them as he nodded wordlessly. And then he sighed and said, “Mom used to tell us stories too.”
“You need better heating,” Tony quipped ignoring the sharpening glare from Nik’s one good eye. “I don’t understand your aversion to progress. There’s this wonderful new thing called electricity, hell even steam power. If you’d just allow me to, I could have this place-“
“Many people thought my father was a good man. A great man even,” he said finally, with a thoughtful hum. “Sometimes I can even admit that he must have been, or my mother would not have loved him the way she did. But he was a terrible father. He gave so much of himself to the company, to his idea of the greater good, that there was little left to give mama and I. She loved him still, despite that, and I -”
Steve had seen the reports. Talked to other officers. He'd heard about the injuries that sent one and every five boys home to their parents with broken spirits to go with their broken bodies. He'd heard of deaths, quieted and swept under the rug.
"Don’t you understand? You’re sick!" She had to fight to bring her voice down as it tried to climb to a shout, the tears welling in her eyes and threatening to spill. She furiously blinked them away.
Tony’s huff of laughter was watery but he nodded slowly in agreement. Good, Steve thought with relief. This was good. Now-
Tony had retreated to his workshop after the meeting with Stefen and Bucky. The children had already been helped to their rooms and tucked away. Tony doubted sincerely that they would actually sleep for hours yet but that was hardly the point. They just needed to be somewhere safe and out of the way while the adults quietly broke down and reassembled themselves with a plan come morning.
“You’re not a Jew, are you boy?”
“Frankly Captain, I don’t give a damn.”
Tony pulled the cord on the light, plunging the room back into darkness before Steve could even gesture for him to do so, fear flooding through his veins as the sounds from downstairs got louder. The voices were loud, harsh in the otherwise silent night and the steps were urgent. He couldn't tell how many were coming but they were progressing toward the stairs. Tony fumbled his way in the dark until he stood beside Stefen at the window, peering out through the part his hand made in the curtain.
He could no more stop Péter Rogers from becoming a man too quickly than he could preserve the fat on his bones. Both were outside his control, but preserving his life – Tony would do whatever it cost.
The captain would be happy to know that Artur was enjoying his gift, Tony thought wistfully. Stefen was missing so many precious moments. Tony had to try harder to get him to see that they had to take the children and leave Austria, before it was too late and the Nazi’s destroyed what innocence they had left.
He swallowed uneasily before he pushed on, the memory clearly disturbing him.
After a moment of traded whispers James looked up and glanced back towards the captain and Bakhuizen who had piled the wood in front of the tents begun the process of digging a pit for the fire.
That whole ruining clothes thing had to stop. He'd be damn if he was fishing out clothes from the drains because they were too afraid to show they had dirtied them.
Somehow Tony doubted Natacha developing a rapport with a circus boy turned monk (who also moonlit as a spy) was what Stefen had had in mind when he’d pleaded with Tony to make sure Natcaha presented herself with the dignity of a proper German girl, poised to join the ranks of the Reich’s ‘League
He must be, to take the risks he was taking, to throw away his opportunities for escape from the reach of the German’s, to look after the man’s children (not to mention the man himself). To put a target on his back by ferreting messages between him and the British over the radio he’d built to impress him.
"I told you I’d help you if you let me." Tony repeated. "You don't have to do everything on your own, you..."
“Followed? He said carefully. “By who?”
Steve paled, the blood draining from his bruised face, and lifted his hand to reach for him but Bucky jerked away. Stark grabbed at his shoulders, taken off guard at his sudden movement and Bucky snarled wrenching himself hard to escape his reach.
“I do enjoy it.” She said, a smile coloring her lips. “It's very rewarding.”
He replaced the book, confident of his ability to remember all that he’d read within it and continued his search. Within the drawer he also found travel papers for all the children, and an odd assortment of coded letters that a quick glance confirmed matched the codebook Stefen had given him to decode Freddie’s broadcasts from the Castle. He didn’t want to risk removing them and their contents getting into the wrong hands, so Tony read carefully through each, committing them to memory with shaking hands.
“I won’t dock your pay, just ring with word next time.” He scolded, unwilling to just let it go. “We worried when you just disappeared.”
"That's what you said about Péter too." He bit out and Charlotte looked away.
Tony woke not long after Stefen each morning, and as had become his practice he dressed and made his way downstairs to join him in the garden. It was not often that anyone else besides themselves was up at this hour, but that morning when Tony shuffled down the stairs it was to find his Nonna sitting at the table within the kitchen. There was a tray with a set of mugs and a steaming ceramic jug set before her, but her grey head was bowed and her hands clutched together in prayer.
Péter nodded.
Péter laughed and Tony smiled down at him.
With her free hand she tapped the side of her mouth before she pleaded once more.
“I would hear it from Brother Banner. A free man and a man of God.”  Tony returned staunchly, holding the man’s stare.
Steve felt the flicker of a smile returning despite the tension and he looked down at his plate to concentrate on cutting his meat. He didn’t understand everything they were talking about, slinging around antiquated dates and names from history that all began to bleed together after awhile, but he didn’t have to be a learned man like Tony to know who the Romans were or what they’d accomplished.
“No, I didn't. Do you want to know why?”
He almost didn’t question how she’d known what he and Stefen were up to. Their little Ginger could see through walls and hear a pin drop in the neighbor’s house. Stevie’s ma had been like that too. Sara had always seemed to know when one of the aunts was going to knock on the door of her wagon asking for a juice or a cream to deal with the latest scar or stomach ache, and she’d always known what plants did what and what spells to cast to deal with it.
"You're very welcome Stefen," Tony took a deep breath. "But it's not the sole reason I'm here."
Becker nodded and grabbed one of the duffle bags, five of the men following him to patrol the nearby streets and keep up the ruse of a training operation underway. Another squad would keep watch on their exits, monitoring everyone who came and went out of the building. The remaining five would stay here in the apartment, keeping watch from the windows. They would rotate squads when necessary to keep the men fresh.
“It’s the distance, Frauline Werner. They’ve retired to their second home. The Swedish air is good for Grandfather’s health.”
Charlotte's eyes darted to his and this time he knew the fear swimming in them was as much of him as for him. Fear of what he might do. What he might say. The guilt almost knocked his knees out from under him. It was only his children – looking into their anxious faces – that kept him on his feet.
“When are you going to sleep with the baroness?” James repeated, heedless of the danger. “I heard the maids say that they didn’t think you’d slept with anyone since mama died. Julia said it’s a terrible waste.”
Of course they wouldn’t be. Not with SS in the house. Stefen would never be that relaxed. None of them could be. Péter was leaning over Stark’s other shoulder, pointing at something on the sheet music. Natacha and Ian floated in and out of Bucky’s view as Tacha tried to teach him to waltz properly.
If a body ever did come back they’d have it burned, Steve thought with adamancy. A Rom should not lay in the ground but have his body set to the wind and Péter was Rom. He never should have kept his heritage away from him.
“What’s this?” Clint asked, bringing it close to his nose to sniff. “Why does it smell like bacon?”
When I am alone I sit and dream
He was watching as the lone woman hurried down the dock, passing quickly under the lamps as she walked, doing her best to keep to the shadows. Most of the crew except for a skeleton shift would have taken advantage of the brief shore leave granted from being in port, seeking warm meals and warmer beds.
“Yes, Frau Rogers was very fond of the outdoors.” Pepper remembered, certain fondness creeping into her tone that kept Tony feeling subdued. “Ian and James might remember something of how it’s done but the little ones… I’m afraid it has been some time since we’ve had time for swimming.”
“But Stefen, why?”
Tony stared at him, the silence stretching in a long undefinable moment before he leaned back in the creaking chair and opened his arms in mock invitation.
“Hush! Quiet. Be silent!” he ordered, hating having to be harsh with them but fearing drawing attention to their location. The cellar went still and Steve listened hard for the sound of approaching footsteps.  When no came he allowed himself a fraction of relief and turned back to Tony, who was still holding a silently weeping Maria.
“I bet Tacha could teach you now though.” Bucky instigated and the girl’s eyes flashed blue fire at him. He grinned. “I know you didn’t forget the steps. Not our Ginger Rogers.”
and he’d lost his boy. The damn height just rubbed it all in. It hadn’t happened in a blink, but it had happened just as Tony had always warned it would.
“Well, yes!” Stefen did not look nearly as amused by this as Tony was. “God… where did you even learn something like that?”
Bucky opened his mouth to answer but Natacha beat him to it. Not looking up from her magazine she turned a page and answered tonelessly, “He’s walking in the garden with Father.”
There was a smattering of applause from the crowd and a fond murmur of chatter over the thoughtfulness of the gift as Péter swallowed, dropping his father’s gaze. His hands tightened around the box. He might have been at a loss for words but when he shifted in his seat and looked up to catch Tony’s eye, his expression spoke volumes.
.  He was sure it was curses now, as his back bowed, and he managed to pull back in time for when that burning ball of pleasure burst inside in one shattering climax.
Real medical supplies or access to them was essential, but essentially not a part of their secluded existence on the mountain.
Hotel Riviera 1910
And it was all too much really this back and forth. This constant drum of fear with no relief.
, but there was no stopping for him, not until he was broken, and Steve would be dead first.
“Oh years ago, when Anton was very young.” Kroger waved away his obvious hesitance with a dismissive hand, as if the pain of losing someone you loved dulled with something so small as time.
“So, this was about vengeance?” the monk asked quietly, with an air of familiar disappointment. All of the other brothers at St. Péter’s had given up on straightening Tony out within his first year at the abbey. Only Bruce never seemed to give up hope. Though these days, he seemed more inclined to settle on just leading Tony to some semblance of genuine faith rather than good sense.
He winked down at James and the boy beamed.
“I’m sorry I worried you. I’ll be careful.”
I was here.
"Anya! Anya you must stop. I won't hurt you." Tony tried, but the girl kept on kicking and thrashing as if she hadn't heard him at all.  And then a thought came to him. "Wanda! Wanda Lehnsherr stop this instant!"
“Quick now, under here.”
Had he really risked his life staying in Austria for fleeting affair with a man who would set him aside as soon as it was necessary to do so?
Steve perked up, the set of the man’s shoulders, the timber of his voice, hell the subject matter alone indicating that as unexpectedly as the conversation had started that it was important. Steve knew the sound of a man with something important on his mind and prepared himself to listen.
“In here Herr Stark.” Sub-Lieutant Amsel’s voice jerked Tony out of his reverie and he realized with embarrassment that the man had stopped a few paces behind him at a closed door. Cheeks heating with embarrassment Tony cleared his throat and followed Amsel as the man knocked briskly on the closed door and opened it once a gravelly voice on the other side bid them enter.
Here was the Riviera Hotel, where Tony’s pseudo cousin Signora Santiago used to work as a maid. Though it had been two decades since then, it was a good place to start looking if they hoped to track her down. She may have left a forwarding address with her new employer.
“He used to get sick like this when mama was alive,” Ian fretted, taking the warm rag from Tony’s hand. As Tony stepped back, he took over pressing the rag against James’ buckled chest. “It helps if you rub his chest while you talk him through it.”
Get up. He had to get up.
He pinched himself until a red blossom of a bruise welled up on his arm and sucked in a harsh breath. He couldn’t think of his familia now – though it was so hard not to. What was happening to them? How could he get to them? How could he escape? Escape. Escape. That’s what he had to focus on, escaping.
“Hello Captain.”
One could wonder given his low opinion of the man, why he agreed to work with him at all and why Rogers had trusted him enough to include him in his plans.
“He was seen with the Major recently. He’s on the list.”
Herr Lehmann's mouth twisted in a disapproving frown before he scoffed down at Péter.
“He just might.” Bucky chuckled. “Seems like the sort of thing a prince would know.”
Tony chuckled against his mouth.
Bucky nodded, filing away the information as he considered Kirk’s words. That at least might explain a few things about Tony. Despite sharing Austrian and German citizenship on paper the man almost went out of his way to flaunt his Italian heritage. He looked it, but he might have been able to downplay that with a change of dress and attitude. Instead he spoke Italian like a native and was unapologetic about his preference for it. He insisted on that pompous facial hair even though no self-respecting German would be seen with it. He even
“Your father insulted him in his own home!” Péter insisted, though his eyes remained on the small white box in Harry’s hand. He was not the only boy their age to take up the habit but Péter’s father would have his head if he were to even think it.
Too happy, Tony thought the taste of the man still lingering in his mouth. He could see it in Stefen's eyes that he was remembering along the same lines when that heat sparked anew.
“Surely Jurgan, you appreciate the delicateness of the situation? Count Shrader just financed new headquarters for the entire 8
As he watched Stefen tossing Artur once more, the boys limbs splaying out like a starfish, he couldn't help but wonder if Stefen had forgotten too. He watched them as they played, Stefen’s bright hair stained a golden brown from the water. Every once and awhile, when the children had become distracted by some new trick or game, he would swim a little distance.
“I know you do, bambina.” He answered with a heavy sigh. “But I say them for you nevertheless, because I know if I don’t, that no one else will and that strikes me as incredibly unfair to you children.”
you might have to keep their company. It’s a simple enough job.”
The ride in the hotels brand new electric elevator (the new addition replacing the old steam model that the hotel had been built with) had been a smashing hit (James and Artur had begged the attendant to send them back down again and Tony had struggled to remember that he was the adult here and the poor man had a job to do) only dwarfed by their excitement over their room itself.
“Péter, stop.” Steve commanded and Péter jumped, his breathing erratic as he tried to keep his face as stoic as possible. He wasn't quite able, Steve saw the fear there, as well as the anguish and the rage. It made any of the anger Steve felt, being talked at that way by his own child, being deemed a murderer and a coward no less, fade to the background.
Tony cracked one eye open to peer across the little round table and found Herr Bakhuizen sneering at him but Tony didn’t rise to the bait. Bakhuizen could shove his head up his ass and walk backwards with two hail Marys for good measure, for all that Tony cared. Good coffee should be appreciated.
“I’ve been assigned a new flock.” The man named Nik answered, and Péter thought there was a slight hint of regret under the somberness in the way he said it. Tony laughed, a short sharp bark of a sound, his teeth flashing.
“It’s leisure time… but he usually joins us.”
“Gentle. Children, be careful
Except, Tony was desperately tired of being alone in the world. He wanted… well he wanted a great many things, including what lay behind him at the home of Captain Rogers. He knew the difference between dreams and reality, but Vienna had also served to light this unbankable flame of hope inside him that somehow someway he could hold onto Stefen and the children. But first thing first, he had to take his own advice and stop running from the past.
Lt. Becker shot him a look as he plopped down to remove his boots, wincing as he undid the laces. Underneath his trousers the skin was red and puffy, rubbed raw by friction.
Oh no.
She’d been in love with him since she was a girl of sixteen. Her mother had called it ‘infatuated’ and she’d not approved and not really because he was her cousins husband. Cousin Peggy had always been wonderfully scandalous (mama had not approved of her either) and Charlotte had envied her when she’d gone off to the front to serve as a nurse, thinking sadly that she would never be allowed to have such adventures herself. Not long after the war had ended Peggy had come home, more worldly and sophisticated in Charlotte’s eyes than ever, and not long after that she’d come to a family soirée with the famed Captain Rogers in tow.
“Don’t fucking do that.” Bucky hissed, thankfully keeping his voice low but Stefen could tell he was in danger of losing all control of his temper as he gripped the back of the chair. “You know what I’m talking about. All the damn flirting and the looks. Sleeping in the same damn bed, which arlight the kid was sick, but he was fine by morning and it didn’t stop you from playing house.”
“How does it go?” Natacha asked softly, blinking blue eyes sleepily. Though Tony had the strange feeling that the show of soft sleepiness was more for her father’s benefit than anything else.
"I think we'll have an early night tonight. It's been a trying day." Stefen announced suddenly and Tony’s eyebrows shot up. It was only half past four.
He’s got no business grabbing you like that and talking about marriage. How old is he?”
“And when there’s not? What happens when people inevitably realize their savior is a myth?” Tony challenged.
"It’s yourself you should worry about. If you love those children, send them far away from you."
Stefen's eyes searched his slowly. Whatever he saw on Tony's face made his shoulders tense and his mouth pull down in an expression of sadness.
Oh yes, Tony was well aware that Stefen thought he was unaware of the likelihood of MI9 altering the terms of the deal once the mission in Norway could no longer be used as leverage. But Tony wasn’t born yesterday and he didn’t need to be told that the Lion of Austria was more useful to the war effort than Stefen Rogers was as a free man. Stefen’s problem was he was relying on the strengths of the bonds he’d made with other soldiers, on the tenants of honor and loyalty.
His heart stopped, eyes trying to make sense of the sight as the girl who shouldn't have been there raised one thin shaking hand to point accusingly in his direction.
"Did your Da tell you that I've been working with Janneke Van Dyne?" Bucky announced to the table at large, drawing all eyes to him and Steve sagged in relief.
"Charl-"
~*~*~*~
But when Hitler returned from Munich with his brand new war on his pocket it would be to a light guard. With the leaders in his army turned against him and his private police too far to help him, Steve was confident that with a force of seventy-five fighting fit he could take the chancellery and take the Führer into custody.
Tony looked up just in time to see Ian slip off the bank, nearly going head first into the water. The boy blushed an even deeper red as he struggled back onto his feet, helped by his father who Tony still couldn’t believe he was actually seeing slip into the water even when they both began wading towards where Tony and James stood.
Beside him Maria nodded. Her face was white and her eyes were full of tears. Artur clenched his teeth until they ached.
DISCLAIMER: Do NOT under any circumstances think that you can recreate the medical science referred to in this chapter. Although the treatment Tony uses is grounded in some realism as well as historical accuracy, this is still an AVENGERS FAN FIC Y'all. Don't try this shit at home. You'll die.
“I understand it might be difficult to trust someone who lied to you about who they were.” Tony started with a jerk when he realized Coulson was talking to him now. Looking right at him and speaking in that dry familiar tone, that Tony was realizing he’d probably never hear again in this life.
Men don’t cry! Stop crying! He screamed at himself.
Bucky had tried his hardest to help Sara get undressed but to both their surprise she’d become resistant and then something bordering on frightened.
“My father is not a traitor. H-he’s sick. Can’t you see? He fought for so long and he’s had to be so strong, raising us without Mother. He needs help.”
"Tony wouldn't do that!" Ian denied sharply, and Artur scowled at James, balling his fists like he was considering punching him. James just shrugged.
“I want to.” Steve insisted, his fingers digging into Tony’s thighs insistently and Tony let the sentence fall with a shuddered sigh as Steve pulled him in again, slower this time, until the tip was all the way in.
“It’s my first time using the machine, so it might not be as good as Tony’s,” she warned, a strange note of timidity in her voice.
"Sto bene, Stefen," Tony murmured ardently in reply with a dry swallow. Something about the motion of his throat caught the captain's eye and it wasn’t until he heard the quick intake of his own breath and he saw the faint flush of blood creep up Stefen’s neck, that he realized that the music from Bakhuizen’s violin had gone abruptly quiet.
The trouble with genius was that it required exercise (a sentiment wholly unappreciated at the monastery he’d had the misfortune of calling home for the last two decades) and the trouble with metal was how blasted heavy it was- especially when one had to cart over fifty pounds of it in a rickety wheelbarrow.
Incorrigible bastard.
“I’m not asking you.” He repeated. “I’m telling you because I...I’m your friend.”
The woman, whoever she was, wore a swastika proudly emblazoned on the sash she wore. She involved in the Reich in some fashion or another, and she was looking at Tony as if she could see right through his clothes and under his skin, her eyes narrowing on him in speculation. It was difficult for Tony to resist the urge to reach inside his shirt and clutch protectively at the coins he wore.
Steve sighed and let his body settle back into the mattress. Bucky always bundled himself up before sleep. He was too used to freezing at night not to, but his body ran hot and he always lost the sheets by the end of the night.
That won a laugh from the party guests, but all Tony cared about was the way Stefen’s shoulders relaxed as he shot Bucky an annoyed look, ruined by the fondness in his eyes.
So, even if it was not the way she had pictured things or how she would have preferred to start a marriage she would accept her duty with grace and do what it was he needed of her and of course much more besides. In time, Stefen would realize what it was he had in her and he would look at her the same way he was looking at his children now. As if he had been starved for the sight of them.
“Do what, exactly?”
"If you put it on your crops and it kills off the rats and the bugs, what's stopping it killing you? Think about it!" Tony urged, leaving the driver to his contemplations and turning to Péter. Thinking the more he was prepped the less time they'd waste when they got to the abbey. "It's a metalloid, which means in theory a compound that can bind with the ions will allow your father to piss it out. That's what we have to do, create an agent to bind to the ions in the arsenic."
