It takes a few moments of heart-pounding stillness for Greg to stir in his sleep. If this were John, as it was just over a week ago, Sherlock would be preparing to stand his ground against a physical assault, ready for a wrestle onto the floor, curses flying.
’ doesn’t exist. Where they are young and in love and Greg can make John feel like he did when he was eighteen and they don’t have Sherlock Holmes awkwardly listening to their private conversations about wars and panic attacks through bathroom doors.
The camera rushes to the edge to peer down as Simon frantically digs the snow away from Holmes’ body with his hands. In less than two seconds, Watson throws himself down at his side to join him. Greg, Dom, and Patrick continue to frantically shovel farther down in the pit, following Elsa’s barks, knowing they are now close to the patient as well.
A cold wind rips across Greg’s skin, causing him to shiver. But on the screen, John looks like the sun itself as he answers her, shaking his head, “Like I was not very glad to be here. And that the snow was wet.”
, and how could either of us ever forget that, eh?” Then he turns back to John, and John hates himself for the fact that Greg looks quietly, almost unbearably sad. “Did you not see our texts? We were trying to reach you all morning . . .”
“Gregory,” he says into the phone, curling up on the floor. He opens his mouth to say more, but nothing comes out.
Another thick moment passes, both of them holding their breath. John wants to believe he can read the emotions passing through Greg’s dark eyes—disbelief, embarrassment, and a quick reddening of shame, as if he’d been caught out wanting something inappropriate. Then it finally settles on what John has been fiercely trying to convey to him with his gaze for long seconds: belief.
His lips feel swollen and sore as Sherlock utterly consumes his mouth, limbs shaking as he grips trembling skin. Neither of their cocks are hard.
“The rumors are true,” Sherlock says, the words coming out in a rush. “I was addicted to drugs. I did cocaine. I would have failed the Sochi drug test and so I withdrew and got high in a bar. I only got clean because Greg agreed to coach me when we happened to cross paths and he recognized me from Vancouver.”
,” Greg says, with just enough force of command that Sherlock’s body goes weak, a pulse of heat jolting up his legs and curling in his stomach.
I look desperately to the nurse on my left – the main one who gives me the Device each Saturday. The one with the Protest pin.
He shakes his head and blinks hard before settling his elbows around his knees to watch. He tells himself John needs him to pull it together, even though he doesn’t believe that at all. Somewhere behind him John is zipping up his wetsuit and walking towards the starting line over to his right. He blocks out the sound of everything but the waves and the announcers. His own ridiculous thoughts can wait. John has a heat to win.
Greg doesn’t say anything more as they park along their favorite stretch of Hermosa shore and pull out their boards. They strip down to their bathing suits in silence in the sand, John pulling off his sweatshirt and shivering with his bare chest in the cold. It’s the same as it’s always been. The usual routine. Except this time John’s eyes don’t linger on the muscles of Greg’s stomach as he ties his hair up into a bun, hair tie hanging out the side of his mouth.
He rubs the back of his neck, and he registers the moment Greg realizes what he’s about to say—the way his eyes fall.
“Sir, yes, sir!” when John was dismissed from his midnight to five a.m. shift keeping watch up on the deck, and
John sighs and shakes his head at the ceiling. “You really don’t. But it involves a golf-cart and a stolen set of keys.”
John’s stomach is in knots. Nervous sweat prickles over the back of his neck as the heat times start to be announced. He’s up in thirty minutes. He wants to panic. Wants to swim out into the sea and dive beneath the waves until he finds the bullet casing. Wants to clutch it in his palms and think of how easy it all was just two weeks ago when he was sitting in the sand with Greg and looking out over the familiar Hermosa swells, his only care in the world wondering if anyone down below on that beach knew about the scar on his chest.
Once Watson leaves frame, the camera stays on the distant Matterhorn rising above the town, and a brief timelapse shows the last rays of sunshine dying on the mountain, then the emergence of a flurry of lights come on and flicker across the buildings of Zermatt.
And the camera will zoom in on the grip of his fingers around his pole, steady and focused as the first announcer quips back, “
I’m not sure exactly how we manage to herd all the sheep up to the pasture and then make our way back to set up camp without saying a word, but we do. The stranger keeps his hat down low and lets his spine sway gently with the horse beneath him. He pulls a packet of sunflower seeds out his jacket pocket once we start pitchin’ the tent by the stream and building the fire, and he spits out the seeds every fifteen seconds on the dot. I stay as far away from him as is damn near possible.
But he’s not wrapped in strong arms in a bed anymore—the bed he had to climb up the side of a building and pick a window lock just to get into. He’s not falling asleep to short grey hairs pressed against his temple, or lying sheltered from the world by a muscled chest and a broad back.
His hand stilled in my hair. He was as still as I’d ever felt him. “Feels odd she don’t know that I been a mourner,” he said. “That she knows you’re gone and dead to the rest of the world, but she don’t know that I was once . . . I was once part of the rest of the world. For that year.”
He should have begged Greg to stay up at the starting gate with him, to hell with tradition, to hell with the past. Begged him to whisper last-minute instructions into his back. To secretly give a warm press to his now-shaking hand. To be
John goes on. “Sherlock, look at me. I wouldn’t have gotten back on that plane at LAX if I wasn’t sure about this. If I wasn’t one-hundred fucking percent sure.”
-A more thorough description and backstory (plus inspirational photo) of Sherlock's tattoo will be included in a future chapter, don't worry :)
He winks to a chorus of embarrassed chuckles from the crew, then moves towards the door. Just as he’s about to fling it open and leave, he looks back at the interviewer. The camera is entirely forgotten, and his voice without the mic sounds tinny and soft.
My nurse and I haven’t said anything since we left Union Hospital. For the first time all day I feel foolish in my suit. The windows are all rolled down again in the van, and I breathe in the fresh air blasting against my face – letting it blow away the stale air of that place.
John reels, trying to focus on the smiling NBC interviewer and the bright light of the camera suddenly pointed at his face. The microphone shoved under his nose.
“You’re beautiful,” John breathes. Then Sherlock pulls himself once more long and slow, starting from the thatch of dark hair at the base of his penis and squeezing hard out towards the leaking tip, and then he leans back and keens as he comes, semen spraying across John’s chest as they both groan – two pairs of eyes blown open and fixed on the sight of Sherlock’s cum painting the muscles on John’s stomach and chest.
“Would you . . .” Greg licks his lips. He doesn’t want to finish his sentence, afraid of the answer.
He tips his head back to the emerging stars and breathes in the scent of fresh snow and ski wax, taking advantage of the momentary silence before the rest of the athletes still in the locker room start to file out, too.
After another minute John mumbles “ok” into Sherlock’s skin, and they stretch out tired, sated limbs as they sit up and pull off the blanket in easy silence. John stands and marvels that the ache in his shoulder is gone, even after holding himself up over Sherlock for so long in the sand. He catches Sherlock shoot him a knowing smirk as he folds up the blanket and shakes the sand from its edges.
Got myself some things I’ve been meaning to share with you. We both know I ain’t much one for words. Well, sometimes, if you’re letting me tell you all about something in that way I know I do. I know I can ramble on. But we also both know that for years I was just ‘Quiet Uncle Scott’ —fit those words to a T —and so I can also admit to you that my fingers are gripping my pen a bit too tight.
He's flanked by Hamilton and Trent, both breathing hard as the three of them pull themselves out to sea, diving under the whitewater waves that come their way before they make it out safely past the breaking point. John relishes in the comfortable familiarity of paddling out at the start of any competition – slowly leaving behind the sounds of the crowd and the announcers with each stroke of his arms, feeling the pleasant burn wake up the muscles in his back and shoulders while the sun beats down onto this skin, memorizing the rhythm of the waves as they rock against his body.
A Corporal Johnson. British Army. Veterans’ Liaison Officer. And Sherlock had dug through his entire online history, every one of his social media posts going all the way back to the man’s time in uni, until he finally found a Facebook post from almost six years ago to today, a link to the news article about the RAF pilot who miraculously survived a nighttime take down in the middle of the desert. The pilot who’d been on his way back into the firefight to save the last few men stranded in the compound outside Kandahar. Who radioed his squadron to stay the course when they came under attack, then flew away all alone from the rest of their planes in his slower helicopter to draw the fire away from his men. Who’d been found by the Grace of God next to his wreckage right at dawn, nearly two hours after the crash. Who was in the hospital clinging to life, and needed all of Great Britain’s hopes and prayers to somehow pull through.
Greg’s voice, in French: “Those days? Like everyone just described? Ah, those are the days I wish I could have my kids with me in the helicopter. Or Molly by my side – to show them the beauty of it all. To share with them this place. You just . . . you want to share it with someone close to you. And of course, we have the team, our closest brothers, no? But, you want someone special with you, too. It is . . . it is almost romantic, soaring over the alps.”
. I want you to take five fucking seconds and think of how I may be perceiving things. ‘Body’s just transport’ my arse. And you made Greg watch it, too. He had to . . . he
He looks in Greg’s eyes, hoping he won’t see a rebuke, but instead he only sees tears, the strongest, and also the gentlest tears John’s ever seen. They take his breath away.
Anyway, I sat up in his arms on the couch and kissed him. Really kissed him, the way you’ve never, ever seen us do. Your granddaddy’s eyes were wet. There was a trail of water on his cheek.
“Obviously, why in the world else would I willingly brave the swarming masses when they’re all trying to purchase hot cocoa and use the loo. I’d have to be a lunatic otherwise.”
John gasps hard, gulping down a lungful of air as Sherlock’s hand grips his cock harder than ever before and
All good things come to an end. That’s the sort of trite shit you’re supposed to write in journals and memoirs, right? All saccharine retrospect and remorseful nostalgia. Well, it’s true though. Twelve blissful days without seeing a single person besides my husband and now we’ve been plopped right back into the fishbowl of London – back to keeping indoors and sneaking around at night and doctors upon doctors upon doctors.
And he wasn’t the man who looked up at me with tears in his eyes leaning against our fence, holding me as I fell apart, promising me one day, one day, one day.
he can never really name, but now the lights are so bright, and they’re going to be asking him on international television how he met Sherlock Holmes, how it feels to coach him, and Greg can’t well open his mouth and say that coaching him reminds him of why he first fell in love with the snow, before he ever won his first medal when he was seven. Back when it was just freedom and flying and
“John, I saved up this money for a reason, but I’ll never get to use it if I don’t have you there helping me. People love you. You
“My man,” John whispers to him, clutching at his short hair while Greg strokes him the way he likes, quick with a hard twist at the tip. Strong.
Rick clears his throat and leans in over the white noise of the crowd, restless and awaiting the now-even-more anticipated final run of the first round.
I stare at him frozen until he disappears from sight, turning the corner with one final dramatic swoop. The silence left in his wake is deafening, pressing down around me with a cold, led weight. I shiver in the thin air, heart still thrumming with leftover energy and confused legs rooted to the ground.
He’s silent for a long time. I fight with myself not to look sideways at him to see the soft curls brush across his face. To see the moonlight reflected off the waves rippling across his skin like blowing silk. I realize that I could stand there forever by his side. In a way I never felt deep down in my veins standing all those years next to
And yet, he’s going to be sick to his stomach. He wants to lock the last five hours of his life away in a box and chuck away the key. Make it all invisible. He wants to convince himself he only imagined that final stretch chasing after Kuznetsov’s back in the snow. The moment his skis crossed the finish line. The moment his name was projected on the screen next to the Gold. The moment he saw Sherlock standing there in the middle of the chaos like a beam of clear light, pulling John towards him, drawing him into his arms . . .
He shivers. “I hate that I feel the fool for wantin’ things to be different. For the – for this all to be a place where she could . . . where Wilma could know. Where she could just . . grow up and know. No big deal about it.”
-Yay! The UST is resolved! Thanks for hanging in there y'all. There's more sexy times ahead, I promise.
Sherlock wilts against the door. He hasn’t heard Greg laugh like that—his huge, deep, open-mouthed laugh—in probably months. There’s a rustle of bedsheets, then a contented moan. Sherlock closes his eyes; he can see it all so clearly, like a favorite film. Greg’s head is probably on John’s chest, and John’s hand is in his hair, the bottle passed between them. And this time, Sherlock realizes with a tightness in his throat, Greg isn’t avoiding John’s leg. Is probably pressed up against it, wrapped tight around it, touching the scars.
It feels real, now. Standing in the shower trying to look presentable in eight minutes so he doesn’t look like he just fucked another man when a stranger will knock on their door for the very first time.
Sherlock laughs, eyes crinkling at the corners. He finally looks over at John, face relaxed and easy and blue eyes sparkling in the reflection of the light from the waves. “That hasn’t bothered you before,” he says.
“—told him it was offensive but he’s insisting and all, and seeing as how you know we can’t see a damn thing here, and . . . . ah heck, I’m so sorry. Just forget it all, dear.”
John reaches down frantically underneath his hips and grabs his own cock in his hand, gripping hard and moaning at the release of friction. Sweat beads along his spine and in the small of his back as Sherlock still bites and licks along the crease of his ass, alternately fucking him deep and wet with his tongue. Suddenly Sherlock gives one cheek of John’s buttocks a light slap, shooting heat straight down through John’s toes curling against the mattress.
Also, OOPS I FORGOT THE DOG. Way back in that opening scene in chapter 1, I mentioned a dog alerting in the snow. Last chapter, leading up to the crevasse, I completely forgot the poor little doggo :( Hazards of posting a WIP, I guess! I've gone back and added sweet avalanche rescue dog Elsa into the previous chapter. If you're just picking up here without a re-read  of chapter 3 (understandable), she is Simon's trained avalanche rescue dog which the team uses.
And John remembered how he had coughed up another lungful of seawater and choked out “where is he?” And Greg had gone silent and Kip had bit his lip and muttered, “Sorry, man, I thought he was doing something nasty to you, so I . . .” John had gritted his teeth and turned his head. Seen Scotty walking, no,
has some great examples! Some of the surfers in that video are doing "tow-in" surfing, which started in the mid 1990's, while others are paddling without assistance from a jet ski (which is what Sherlock and John would be doing). Heads up that there's a fair amount of wipeouts!
Then, after glancing back and forth between the two groups, John takes a few hesitant steps toward the golf cart, suddenly stranded in a vast, empty chasm between two staring worlds.
John hurls himself back to his feet in a way Greg’s never seen him do before, no longer keeping any weight off his prosthetic, and the crowd gapes. He swings his gun over his back, picks up his poles, and starts skiing like mad toward the first uphill curve leading back to the course.
Sherlock’s cheeks hurt from smiling, and they spend the rest of dinner in easy silence. The breeze rustles through the seashells hanging from the eaves, and Sherlock realizes they’ve never sounded so beautiful.
Sherlock presses ‘play’ again on the Jeongseon run-through video, this time with the sound obnoxiously on. “I’ve no memory of that exchange. And making everyone else lose is a distinctly different directive than ‘run my arse into the ground.’”
“There is no one better than you. You are the only person on this entire earth I would trust with my skiing. And if it hurts you to help me, I’ll stop. This will be my last Olympics. I would never touch skis again if it brought you pain.
It’s only been a day and already the name “Johnny” sounds foreign to his ears. Sherlock reluctantly takes Greg’s hand and gives a single shake. “I know.” He doesn’t offer anything more.
On the other hand, though, it keeps our perfect daughters safe. And it’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. I tell him that as much as I possibly can, even if it’s in the middle of me telling him he’s the most bloody annoying person in the entire universe to be trapped in a flat with. He always reacts the same way when I tell him he looks beautiful, or handsome, or sexy as hell. He gets a sad look in his eyes even though the corner of his mouth quirks into a smile, and then he looks down at the top of his round belly and runs his hand along the smooth, exposed skin underneath it. I know he never truly feels the same way as I do. And so then I go back to hating it again because that sad look in his eyes makes me breathless with grief. I mourn for him, like I know he mourns for himself.
“The plan,” Sherlock whispers, oozing confidence into his voice. “Yes, the plan . . . we’re . . . we’re going to go and see Greg. Right now. Obviously.”
John flings open his eyes and knows he’s getting close. He pulls and twists on his cock, fire shooting through his veins, and swallows over his dry throat to keep talking, knowing Sherlock’s hanging on his every word as his tongue traces a slow, hot circle around the rim of John’s ass, barely dipping inside to lick.
John shakes his head and lets out a breath, crossing his arms over his chest. “That’s fucking brilliant.” When Scotty genuinely smiles, chest puffing out a bit, John goes on. “You must get tired of explaining it to all the idiots like me that trudge through here.”
John hikes up the board under one arm and slings the knapsack over the other shoulder, then turns to face Sherlock. There’s far too many people around today – kissing Sherlock would be like a death sentence. Immediately John wants to hop back in the Jeep and drive somewhere private where he can kiss the living daylights out of this man. This man who’s already got his sunglasses in his hand like a shield, and whose very skin seems to prickle under the weight of the sets of eyes already staring at him from afar. John steps closer so their bodies are just barely obscured by the back of the Jeep, then reaches out to take Sherlock’s hand. He already looks so alone.
The empty locker room benches slowly fill with gear bags and towels as more and more athletes arrive to go through their various preparations for the race—some using chairs, some prosthetics, and some missing an arm. Nobody speaks beyond a brief hello, and the clicks of various limbs, skis, and guns fill the air the way the grasshoppers used to hiss together in the desert after sundown, filling the sky with whispering noise.
We stop for a rest halfway back down the mountain, letting the sheep graze on a flattened out meadow. We sit a couple feet apart up on a hill and watch.
But Sherlock pulls away after only a few moments, and his gaze immediately lands on Greg where he waits by John’s side, so solemn and quiet he doesn’t even look like a part of the same scene.
He takes another long drag of his cigarette and hunches in over himself. He talks to the grass beneath him.
I lay on the little cot and stare at the ceiling for hours, forcing my mind to stay blank. I figure it’s all I can do. If I try to think about it all I’ll burst, I’ll crumble and fly and burn all at once. I’m still in my clothes. After what feels like four hours I finally close my eyes. The first thing I see is Sherlock Holmes lookin’ up at me and seein’ straight through me from under the brim of his hat back that first early morning in Aguirre’s gravel lot. My eyes fly open and I know.
To his surprise, Sherlock doesn’t jump in and tease him for not completing a sentence. Nor does he scoff and say something along the lines of, “
He takes a few more seconds to picture how John must look now, the capable grip of his steady hands around the gun and trigger, the stillness of his shoulders, his leg planted firmly into the shining snow, the clench of his jaw . . .
Christ, he’s gone and turned into a hopeless pile of pathetic emotions, hasn’t he? Maybe they secretly inject extra self-pity into you after you film a featurette on all your hardships for the Paralympics broadcast. It wouldn’t surprise John, actually, the way the film crew had kept asking him questions during the shooting that were clearly designed by a group of people in fancy business suits to make him choke up and cry for the inspired viewers at home . . .
Watson, talking from the kitchen: “Don’t know why you’re even asking. You already knew that’s how I would answer.”
. As if they would never kiss again, and had no reason to feel disappointed, because they had never really kissed in the first place. As if they were a coach and his pouting skier, and the last three years had been a shared hallucination.
. Anyway, the week before his team started the climb, they were staying in Kabul to prepare. I was there for a short week of leave at the same time, by coincidence. We, uh, well, I was in a bar, with some other soldier mates, you know, and Sherlock was. . . he was. . .”
He says it joking as he cracks off the top of a warm Budweiser and takes a long swig. I watch his throat move with his swallow and close my eyes shut tight against the thought of that neck torn open by a bear claw.
wants to say. He clearly understands the reason for the fall—a minutely miscalculated angle which will now never happen again, since I now know how to make the sharp turn exactly the way I need to. And you’ve already told me all about how dangerous and reckless and thoughtless I’ve been in every combination of words known to man, and John still looks tense, so clearly he has something else to—”
Sherlock grunts against the force of the wave beneath him. He hunkers down against his board, arms flying out to catch his balance, fighting against the thrashing current beneath him. He’s almost to the foot of the wave, just barely ahead of the breaking crest. He needs to pick up a little more speed to make it out from under the crushing force of the barrel. If he doesn’t he’ll be pummeled into the deep, cast off like the smallest piece of seaweed thrown limply across the spray.
John frowns, turning back to face him. “What, you mean Hank? I thought he was watching the shop for us.”
So yeah, I never had any great doubt that Sherlock wouldn’t make a great father, even on those darkest of days during the pregnancy where I seriously doubted either of us would make it through and still be thedynamic duo we once were.
John feels a whine building in the back of his throat. His entire body is focused on the tight grip of Sherlock’s hand on his cock, which is hot and pulsing and thrusting into his fist. The roll of John’s hips rocks the surfboard and causes waves in the calm water, rippling out from the center point of John’s hips resting in the V of Sherlock’s thighs. The saltwater rushes gently past his penis in Sherlock’s hand, slicking the slow, deep slide of his palm on John’s skin and causing his pubic hairs to push and pull at his groin, leaving shivers.
,” the nurse says in a voice that sounds like glass. Her eyes glance quickly to Sherlock before she winces, then looks back at Greg. “
John gently splashes a handful of water at him, chest still aching. “Go on, can’t be worse than any of the shit I just said.”
“I’ve turned your medications up for the pain in your leg. I’ll come back for you in the morning,” she says. She squeezes my arm. “Twelve hours.”
It’s also the most beautiful thing Sherlock has ever seen. He thinks of a crumpled up magazine page with a Hawaiian wave crashing onto a perfect shore. He thinks of a topless sailor winking at him from a photograph bought under the table at the back of a record store back on Oahu. And he suddenly thinks of what it would feel like to draw Johnny Watson into his arms, letting him rest his weary skin against his own too-tall, too- bizarre body, feeling the quiet strength and competence in his forearms, his shoulder blades, his kneecaps, the little salty sliver of skin behind his ear.
“We, ah, well we were texting you, for the schedule of your plans. But then you did not reply so we . . .
He meets eyes with Scotty, expecting to see the warm, soft gaze from earlier, and instead sees a glint of mischief.
For a terrible second, he expects James to laugh. Say something along the lines of, of course he knows John is fucken gay. What else would you call kissing a man on television? Does he think James is stupid enough to need it spelled out like that, bold and announced? Isn’t the world beyond the need for that by now?
Then he turned sideways with a mug in one hand and the other slowly gliding under the heavy curve of his belly, which jutted out from his dressing gown underneath an extra large t-shirt like a beach ball. It took my breath away, and he heard me gasp.
Greg goes to laugh again, then has a sudden, panging fear that maybe John isn’t laughing at all, that maybe he’s been pissed off one too many times, and will chastise Sherlock for screwing around before his Final, and will pick up his bag and leave.
Sherlock looks handsome in the sunlight, glowin’ just like he was that first time I ever saw him leanin’ against his truck in the gravel parkin’ lot. I look at his little pulse flicker along the side of his smooth neck. He looks at the front door and nods.
Greg laughs despite himself. “I would love to see the script for our relationship. And have a word with who wrote it.”
it, right? You saw how I couldn’t . . . I can’t do my job, I can’t work with him if every time I look at him I see my . . . see my partner. The most important person in my life. No, even way back in the early days, when he didn’t spend near as much time working with Air Zermatt, we still. . . I needed. . . he needed to just be – be ‘old Holmes,’ or else I couldn’t stand watching him climb up into the helicopter every day. And it didn’t . . . it didn’t seem like anyone had to know, like they didn’t need to –”
But he watches as John, after only a few seconds spent catching his breath back, rolls over onto his hands and knees.
He puts the chain around his neck, adjusting his shirt so the smooth wood hangs just over his heart. He looks at Sherlock with wet eyes, and Sherlock’s entire body relaxes like releasing a lungful of air. John nods, just barely, and he knows that Sherlock sees. That he understands. It’s perfect.
“I’m sorry, Greg, I wasn’t aware you’d been awarded four Gold medals in the sport of ‘slowest human being on the planet’—my sincerest congratulations!”
Without waiting for John to answer Scotty ducks back into the hut for a moment and emerges with a backpack and a thermos which John barely catches after he tosses it to him. He feels like he’s back in the whirlwind, back to being the breathless disciple chasing after the sunlit storm. He keeps waiting for himself to feel annoyed, to feel goaded and patronized by the apparent goddamn tour guide leading the way in front of him. But instead his excitement and curiosity only grow, drawing him forward with each step as he follows Scotty back down the road and through the trees up to the whitewashed house. He follows him in silence, breathless to try and keep pace. Scotty’s walking the way he did that day on the dockyard – the way John watched him walk up to the starting line in Hermosa a lifetime ago. Legs long and confident, back swift and straight.
John pulls back, chest feeling open and light, and takes in the breathless sight of Sherlock Holmes glowing in the light of the glittering afternoon sun. The crisp white of his button-down shirt shimmers radiantly, and John can just barely see the faint colors of the tattoo spilling across his shoulder peeking through the fabric made transparent by the sunlight. The shirt hugs the lean lines of his chest and stomach, tucked into khaki’s that cling to his hips and drape across his thighs. John takes him in, eyes roving slowly from his bare feet in the sand up to his eyes like the sea, and he feels emotion overtaking the back of his throat for the innumerable time that day. John smooths down the front of Sherlock’s shirt with his hands, fixing up his open collar before gliding his hands down his chest, stopping to rest just over Sherlock’s heart. Sherlock smiles down at him, eyes slightly wet.
Sherlock scans his body, and he finally notices that John’s gloved hand is covering Greg’s fingers on the metal railing, and Greg makes that sound again in his throat as John strokes the back of his hand with his thumb.
And we were so young then, Little W. I was just a year older than you. Maybe you feel like you ain’t young now—and I guess you ain’t. You’re going off to university and living your own independent life in the big city, and I was still just a cowboy herding sheep on a mountainside.
John curses and flings on his robe before heading for the door to the bathroom. He catches Sherlock’s pleading look out of the corner of his eyes as he heads for the door and stops. “Oh no no, you don’t get to use the shower. You’ll end up taking a fucking half hour, and
“I just want you,” Sherlock says when he thinks they’re asleep, knowing that they would understand that he really means, “
“Need to get some of this sweat off my skin before I can walk up the road in public,” he says, already walking towards the building. Sherlock swallows hard and follows, walking further into new territory with every step. His eyes track slowly up the back of Johnny’s body, tank top wet and clinging to every muscle on his back with sweat, thighs tan and glistening, glittering with a dusting of sand, blonde fringe plastered to his forehead the same way it had looked at the dockyard. The air feels too thin in Sherlock’s lungs. Too fragile.
Greg kisses him back and closes his eyes, shivering once as their soft kiss echoes through the empty room. “
Watson begins to whisper something as he looks above his head, but he stops suddenly before we can make out the word he was starting to say.
He backs away until he’s in the other corner of the courtyard, opposite from Greg. He watches as the small crowd around John swells, and he thinks he can hear John’s quiet, confident voice in the middle of it all, saying thank you and sure, he’ll be in the photo and of course, he’d be happy to sign. For a moment, he even glimpses a bright flash of metal, and realizes that John is being asked to sign a young girl’s prosthetic arm.
“No, no, no. Please, if you will. Go back to the part where you said you haven’t practiced in two fucking days.”
Rick licks his lips. “Our time is running out here, but before we go, we have to ask how you two enjoyed the gorgeous—”
Holmes nods solemnly. They share another look, then Watson tilts his head to the side. Holmes mimics.
John is going to collapse into his arms, never let him go, tell him he loves him more than he loves his own survival, more than the sun, and then John is going to wrap his hands around that pretty neck he thought had been broken, and he’s going to strangle the pale skin. He’s going to kill that gorgeous lunatic for not resisting acting
“Damn right we make you happy, but I’m sure as hell not gonna put stars in your eyes like he did that day on the beach in Laguna.”
She smirks and wipes the sand off her chest from Greg’s arms. John can see Greg staring almost openmouthed at her little red bikini out of the corner of his eye as Molly stands and leans across the table towards him.
That someone, somewhere on the pristine little beach was screaming out in tears for their momma, and that the last conscious thought he had was of whipped cream on a pier.
“I don’t think she’s ever actually met any gay people before. Think you threw her for a loop with all your manly muscles and shit. No lipstick or feather boas or lisp or anything.”
So why had he been so jealous? So pathetically lonely surrounded by thousands of applauding hands, John’s face and name on the screen in dazzling gold?
Sherlock’s speed around the first gate is so crisp it shoots up a wall of snow three feet taller than any of the nine skiers before him.
Sherlock looks one-thousand times happier than he did in the photos John’s seen of him with his Vancouver Silver. “I know,” Sherlock says with a smirk across his mouth. His hand slips below the waistband of John’s briefs to grab his ass, kneading the muscle, and John groans at the touch.
We have a competition who can rope a little log out in the meadow from the farthest away. When I screw up and somehow rope my own arm Sherlock laughs so hard he goes and falls over in the long, dry grass with tears in his eyes. He pulls me down on top of him and wrestles with me like we did when we were just kids wearin’ grown up boots. My lungs gulp down the clean open air as I laugh and pin him down into the soft earth. He reaches up with both hands and grabs my face and kisses me breathless. I can feel the smile still on his lips as he laughs and sighs into my mouth. His huge hands cup my face, grab my ass and grind me down into him as his tongue traces over my swollen lips.
The way Rick emphasizes the second time makes John think he should know something special about it, which he doesn’t. He hopes he isn’t blushing. “Right. I mean, it would be quite the feat, but he’s capable of it. He’s won enough World Championships to be able to—”
John’s mind is whirring so intently that he doesn’t even check his watch until he’s just stepping off the bus, five minutes away from the dirt road leading down to Scotty’s house (home? hut? oasis?). John curses under his breath and groans. It’s only quarter to eight. He feels like an idiot. A teenager nervous and sweating on the doorstep of his prom date’s house, realizing he’s thirty minutes early. He certainly doesn’t feel like a grown ass man, a fucking professional surfer war veteran, on a relaxing vacation in Hawaii. He looks around him at the small, sleepy town and knows that he doesn’t really have an option. It’s either wander around Scotty’s little stretch of beach until he wakes up, looking absolutely stupid and feeling small and embarrassed, or it’s wander around this town as the new town creep. With a resigned sigh he moves down the now-familiar path towards the beach, quieting his steps through the brush as much as he can.
Greg, slapping Watson’s knee: “Aw, Watson, you just don’t want to admit you prefer a Frenchman and a Swiss over your own countryman –"
I cough and clear my throat, feeling formal in the midst of chaos. My mind races and reels – like I’m drowning in their words and don’t know which way is up. Which way is air.
” So I hold his hand, and I look at his eyes, and I tell him all about my first day setting foot in the War, all those long years ago. I tell him about the guns and the good memories and the fire. I tell him about the fields filled with bright red blood. And he blinks once each time I pause to try to control the emotion in my chest. Letting me know that he hears me.
He laughs again. It tumbles out of him, the ridiculous giggle echoing up the tile. If only they could all see him now—stripped down from the armor of his racing suit and metal leg, his sunglasses and skis, the sweat of victory pouring down his chest, his Olympics portrait and his record-breaking time—transformed now into nothing more than an exhausted, drenched, naked, giggling man, hunched over in a shower that’s quickly losing water pressure and smells like chlorine. And out of all of it, the thing simple, plain, ex-RAF pilot John Watson realizes he is most amazed about in this moment, that he finds most
The horrible silence continues, wretched and choking. Greg tries not to flinch every time John’s fork scrapes the plate, or Sherlock’s mug hits the table. He wonders if the entire dining hall can feel the subtle tension radiating from their corner. If he and Sherlock are ruining John’s chances for success by not just getting up and leaving him alone—
It would be nearly eight years before he ever got the chance to tell Wing Commander Sholto, sitting shoulder to shoulder in the doorway of a tent watching the sun sink over the desert, their thighs pressed together . . . . tell him that John never actually had a mum to begin with. That it was one faceless foster parent after another. An old duffel bag never fully unpacked.
“I ain’t ashamed of you,” she says. Her face looks clear, like she suddenly knows the answers to hundreds of questions she had in her head growin’ up.
The camera cuts back to Watson in the hangar. He runs a hand through his hair, and his eyes look a bit lost. In the background, a mechanic climbs up the side of one of the helicopters and starts doing repairs.
Rick chimes in, “A real relief for all of us to see you back, especially after news of your retirement after Sochi. I don’t think I’m the only one who’s delighted to see you still wearing a Team France jacket.”
taken one look and said “oh, John,” and sat back from my body with hesitant eyes until I pulled my shirt back on, ashamed.
John suddenly shoots Greg a quick, piercing look of hurt, as if he can’t believe that Greg hasn’t stepped in like he normally does by this point. Greg can’t quite believe it either. His tongue feels heavy in his mouth, and guilt plugs up his throat.
Greg wants to cry. They have never, in all their years of working together, spoken so carefully; Sherlock Holmes is the last person on earth who would ever placate Greg by feigning respectful deference. And yet here he is, doing just that in the middle of the swarm of skiers and coaches having similarly professional conversations. And here is Greg, unable to say anything different out of terror that one wrong word will send Sherlock out of his life forever. Sherlock—who had always meant for Greg the absence of fear. The embracing of the impossible.
Sherlock scoffs. “That’s the most ridiculous insult I’ve ever heard. It’s not even clever!” He doesn’t realize he’s closing the gap between him and Johnny again until Johnny’s hand is on his shoulder, pushing him away so roughly that they both stumble in the sand.
-Venice Beach is this insane place in SoCal that's still pretty much the same today as it was back in the 70's. It's a long stretch of road and boardwalk along a beach filled with little trinket stands, henna and tattoo parlors, food stalls, etc. It's also a huge muscle beach scene, with a lot of outdoor exercise equipment and frankly gigantic men and women all competing with pull-ups and weight lifting in the sand. There's quite the community of street performers there as well, many of whom have been there doing the same act daily for decades. My personal favorite is the man who roller blades and plays old Jimi Hendrix songs on his electric guitar with a portable amp. You also have such Venice Beach staples as the Puppet Man, the 'guy who jumps over 10 people bending over', and plenty of 'statue' people. You can see why Sherlock would think it deplorable! But if you're ever in SoCal, it's a fun way to spend a morning people watching.
“It . . . it feels lovely,” he says, then his insides twist with embarrassment as his breathless smile once again takes over his face. He nearly laughs. “It feels wonderful.”
of us even be there in the first place. The Village will be empty. Greg can fulfill his fantasy of having sex outside—”
He trails off, then looks up at us and gives a soft grin, then a quick wink. He pulls his helmet over his head.
“Your shoulder’s gonna give out on you unless you stretch it out,” he says as he walks by John’s side. “Got some food in an ice chest in the Jeep – if you eat now and stretch some you’ll have enough time to get back down and watch the water for a while before you’re up.”
He will own this course. He will absolutely annihilate these gates, fly down them faster than any other human being alive, conquer this mountain, and it all seems so futile, so pointless looking at the lonely gates just fluttering in the breeze, a completely useless exercise in the grand scheme of the world, just an obstacle course. But it’s
Watson’s voice: “You have to make a decision to forget in that moment that it’s an actual person under your hands. . .”
!” Sherlock groans, loud enough that the nearest athletes a few empty tables over jerk their heads up from their meals to stare. He leans back down over the table and lowers his voice. “Why can’t I just watch it with the two of you? I’ll even solemnly swear to clap at the appropriate moments. Or better yet,
John’s body is shoving him back into the stone, pinning him with such strength Sherlock doubts he would be able to throw John off, even if he tried. He slides so far down the wall that John’s eyes are above his own. His neck rolls back so John can bite along his throat, and he hears himself begging, pleading—a voice he doesn’t even recognize whimpering out of his chest.
I grunt to cover up the red I can feel climbing up my cheeks. “Leave your momma a note and get in, then,” I say.
“John, it says the name of your hotel on your room key, which was in your shorts pocket that day with the tag hanging out most of the time. Even an idiot could have put two and two together.”
Je vous ai dit d’attendre. C’est une zone sécurisée. Vous n’avez pas l’autorisation de -- : I said wait. This is a secured area. You are not allowed to --
You looked happy with him. Mighty bright and happy. It must have been what my own face looked like the first time your granddaddy ever told me he liked my harmonica playing. It was before I’d ever even so much as brushed against his arm, but I’ll tell you. I glowed.
In the helicopter, Watson’s fingers stray beneath his collar, the now-familiar gesture that means he is surreptitiously touching the chain.
A single tear rolls down his cheek. He looks afraid, and I have no idea why.  “I’m sorry,” he whispers.
I took a deep breath, and I could tell instantly that Greg’s police senses picked up on the change in the atmosphere. I squared my soldiers like Captain Watson, and looked him in the eye, and I told him everything, sentence after sentence, without any pauses, or apologies, or rationalizations. I just told him.
And now I adjust the sleeves on the fresh, clean suit, trying to ignore the way it hangs off my thin and sickly frame. I catch a small glimpse of myself. A ghost in the reflection of the gleaming white glass that surrounds Union Hospital like a shield.
John’s sure he’s gaping now. “I . . . I’m just John now,” he says lamely, giving a small grin. But he sees the soldier is entirely in earnest, still gripping hard at his palm as he gives him a firm shake, and so John adds, “But thank you, Corporal.”
I’m awake in an hour. I can hear his straight white teeth chattering from outside the tent and his Levi’s rubbing ruts into the dirt tryin’ to get warm. I unzip a corner of the tent and peek out my fingertips.
” Greg says sadly, like he’s admitting the gravest sin, and Sherlock doesn’t want to fight anymore. He wants to crawl through the invisible phone wires and draw him into his arms. “
The alarm suddenly blares behind us. Greg immediately turns back to the hangar and wipes his arm across his face. His eyes glow with sparking adventure even as he still blinks away a tear.
The wind at the top of the rocky cliff wraps around his skin like warm velvet, shivering across the hair on his forearms below his rolled-up sleeves. John clutches at Sherlock’s hands in his, unable to keep his eyes off Sherlock’s warm and glowing skin swathed in the white fabric of his shirt and bathed in the reflection of light off the waves down below. The wind blows curls across his forehead, down into his eyes. John wants to raise up on his toes and bury his face in Sherlock’s hair, inhaling the scent of him straight through to his veins over the floral salt scent of the sea.
-Group Captain is a Royal Air Force rank. It cannot be shortened to just "Captain", hence the full use of it above. I promise we'll learn more soon.
John steps inside and shuts the door behind him. Takes one slow look around every corner of the room. He can barely hear the ocean over the sound of the cars rushing by just outside his window. His surfboard is the brightest color in the place, standing limply in the corner. His bed is only big enough for one.
Wet lips on skin, soft sucking and quiet licks, and Greg’s deep groaning voice between panted kisses, “
The vet, Hank, walks up next to him and stares out to sea without saying hello. ““Betcha Don’s gonna take that swell forming out on the horizon line. If he waits any longer he knows he’ll lose his nerve.”
And so this morning I finally entered him, pushing long and slow into the heat of his body, my ears tingling at the sound of my name being moaned into the stillness of the room. I kissed him with my palm cupping his cheek, and kissed and licked his nipples, and braced myself with one hand against the headboard as I started to slowly pump into him, taking him and overwhelming him, moving to the soft sounds of rustling sheets and shuddering breaths and wet skin slapping skin.
-I've been made aware that skiers in the UK would most likely call skiing poles "sticks," but since there are many nationalities in this fic, largely the announcers, I'm sticking with what seems to be the more universal "poles" (when speaking in English, at least).
What’s incredible though is that the detective part of his brain is almost sharper than ever. He spends hours every day on the phone or in his email solving people’s puzzles and problems and crimes, and if my tally is correct he’s at about a 99% success rate. I think Lestrade probably wishes our girls would come even more earnestly than we do because if anything it will end this avalanche of paperwork he’s now facing over 100+ freshly unearthed culprits and pieces of evidence.
I suck in a breath preparing to wake him and tell him, heart thick and heavy. But he speaks before I can form the words. “I don’t sleep long,” he mumbles into my chest. “I’ll wake you up in time before you have to go.”
Then I look once more into her eyes and understand. See the words that she’s trying to say but just can’t.
Because John has a plane flight tomorrow. And suddenly he realizes he doesn’t even know if John is staying with him tonight, or if he’s expecting him to drive him back to his hotel by the airport.
I look at the shining clean curves of the Dodge and think of how Sherlock used to walk up to his truck before driving down off Baker and lick a handkerchief to wipe off the tiniest little smidge of dust.
Nobody stops us and asks if we need help. It amuses me. I must look so close to death that they assume I’m a patient here just out for a loony daytime stroll in an old suit. Like I’m someone who’s lost my mind and thinks my nurse is my dead wife and still believes Margaret Thatcher is the Prime Minister. Still thinks the technology keeping me alive hasn’t been invented yet. Science fiction.
To his surprise, Sherlock laughs, his stomach vibrating against John’s. “Damn,” Sherlock sighs. “Thought it would take you much longer to figure that out.”
John leaps up from the couch so quickly the moment the producer yells cut that Sherlock nearly topples off. He stands and follows John in giving Rick and Sonya a quick handshake, then lets an intern fumble over removing his mic. By the time Sherlock’s free from the little crowd on the stage, John is already halfway to the door, striding impossibly fast, his hand in a fist around his medal in his pocket.
John nearly chokes on the air in his lungs. The thrumming desire building between his legs shoots up his spine with a crackling heat, spreading through his legs and toes dangling limp and free in the water.
Still, he picks up his fork and raises the bite of chicken to his lips, not sure which person at the table he’s even doing it for. He chews his bite for nearly a minute before swallowing it down with a dry gag.
“Indeed, we have worked well together,” Greg says. “But perhaps having the secret is not so comforting anymore, no? You deserve more than that from me. As you have now with John.”
I hesitate. I hadn’t ever thought of a Time Name to use here. Hadn’t ever expected to need to give one. I lick my lips and try to keep stride. “John,” I finally say.
When we’re naked he lets me press him down against the small bed in the corner. I cover him with my body – drape across his warm skin. I kiss him like my vision will disintegrate if I stop. As if he is my oxygen and my water and my heart. His huge hands run up my back and my spine, and his strong thighs wrap around my hips, tethering me to him.
I nearly gasp. His eyes are opals, framed by long, black lashes and glittering in the creamy moonlight. His eyes widen briefly in something like surprise, and the air between us crackles, pulling out heat from my veins. I open my mouth to say more, to say something. My breath stutters. Caught. But before I can breathe he’s turning around and marching back down the alleyway, suspect in tow and black coat swirling out behind him like a cloud. Head held effortlessly high.
We slowly fade out of the sight of Watson laughing warmly on their sofa back to a view of the mountain from the hangar.
Suddenly the worried chaos clears from her face. She smiles at me. “It went very well,” she says gently. She adjusts one of the tubes near my wrist. “I’ve just come back to see you.”
To his surprise, Sherlock doesn’t make a joke back, but leans down and presses his lips to the back of John’s left shoulder. He trails his lips and a hint of his tongue across Orion’s raised arm through the center of his back. “You are incredibly handsome,” Sherlock breathes, in a tone of voice that is shockingly earnest across John’s skin. “I’ve not escaped being enamored.”
Finally Sherlock looks over at him and nods over John’s shoulder to the waves rushing into shore behind them, filling the air with the rolling crash of trembling, salt-covered foam.
The second to last night, though, we talked. Well, Sherlock talked. He leaned back against me with his head on my shoulder from where he sat in between my legs, and I reached around him as far as I could to rub my fingers on the marks of his stretched skin, soothing the ache in his hips and underneath the heavy weight of our daughters. He told me parts of his past I had never known, about his family, and his body, and his days back in school. Some of it was sad, and I could feel his skin quiver against me as I wrapped him tighter in my arms, weighed down by the pain in his voice. Those stories were the drugs, and the depression, the times he cut his skin and the nights he lay missing me enough to cry when he was away for those two years.
Greg and Simon climb into the pilot and co-pilot seats as Holmes huffs impatiently from the back. Elsa curls up by his feet.
“Believe the last time I saw you you was just a little thing in John here’s truck,” he says, voice calm as a clear sky, as a wide open meadow in the summer breeze. Smooth as a whiskey spring.
John’s official Olympics portrait flashes up on the screen, then, next to his place and time from the day before. He’s got his arms held behind his back in perfect military form, decked out in the Great Britain Paralympic Uniform he never actually wore. The navy blue jacket hugs his chest and the muscles of his arms, perfectly framing his neck.
“You know, I’ve gotten damn good at blocking a punch over the years,” he says. I laugh because I can sure as hell believe he’s had a few punches thrown at him.
We park, and he walks to the edges of the sand, drawing his jacket tighter around himself in the chill. I quickly grab my glasses from inside and throw them on, then walk out to join him with a blanket in my hands.
I hear myself moan. I don’t even try to stop it comin’ out. Then I pull him down into my arms, press his cheek into my neck, hold his spine.
The coach claps him on the shoulder with a friendly grin. “Good thing you’re okay with it,” he says, still speaking to Greg like he’s five. He gives him a thumbs up. “Good luck!”
“Let me cut you out your loop, John,” he says. He looks vulnerable splayed out underneath the stars. I want to cover him with my body and press him deep into the mountain where it’s safe.
Sherlock silently watches John clutch Greg’s hand as a puff of fresh powder blows into their faces off the towering slopes. He watches Greg breathe it in deeply through his nose, watches it brush back the strands of hair from his face which had started turning silver just in time for his fortieth birthday last year.
Something passes over Walter’s face, and he sits back. “Ah, you want to celebrate in private, eh? I get it . . .”
“Let me love you now,” he said to me. And I nodded, pressed his hand to my pounding heart and let his warm touch calm me. It’s funny to me now that we didn’t even head straight home after that. We stayed to retrieve that fucking hairclip – which I guess wasn’t such a bad idea considering it caught a serial killer. Twelve hours of searching, and a mad chase, and paperwork and statements later we finally arrived back at home. He took my hand silently as we walked up the stairs, looked in my eyes to make sure that all of this was still alright. He looked at me as if I would float away into mist any moment, just evaporate through his fingertips before he could really touch me.
“John,” I gasped. He swallowed it whole with a moan like summer grass. I said it again and again, lost forever in the heat of his body on mine, his hands on my skin. I never wanted it to be found.
“No,” Greg replies. “I am the one who is sorry. As I have said, I am . . . this is hard for me to be here. But this is your Olympics, and I am asking too much. Thinking of myself. And if I am honest?” He looks at John’s face, and sees the boy he met on the lift; the eyes that filled with life when he met Sherlock Holmes. “I wait for the day when you feel I am just some . . . some sidekick tagging along. The price of being with him.”
Holmes’ voice: “Yes, well I knew you’d never shut up about it unless I answered. It was a losing battle.”
He doesn’t shake out his limbs, doesn’t even move his neck, as he scoots up to the starting line, inch by careful inch.
He takes a deep breath, hates himself, thinks of the sadness on Greg’s face by Gate 5, and he opens his mouth. “One condition. You must ask John 75% of the interview questions. He gets top billing.”
The American coach pauses, then gives Greg a very exaggerated smile and nod. “Ah, okay! That’s great!” he says, speaking so loudly and slowly that Greg realizes he thinks Greg doesn’t speak fluent English.
Suddenly filled with a fresh rush of fear, as the cheers grow for Sherlock’s anticipated run, higher and higher like a cloud of noise surging into the sky, and the cameras behind him flash and click, and Sherlock’s black bandana appears on the giant screen . . .
And after two months of work he made his way with sagging spine and lowered neck down to the shoreline next to the pier. He’d never gone down there before, always packed up and left right after the end of day whistle.
“I was ten. She went to work one night and never came back home. Woke up to an empty trailer. Then the neighbor – you know, the surfer guy – Mr. Cool. He came over and got me finally. He didn’t tell me what happened, just drove me out to my Auntie Cath’s place in the Valley. And then my Uncle Ron finally told me like ten fucking hours later that she’d been hit by a car.”
But then again, I guess we already do live in secret, as you maybe know. Maybe you’ve guessed, on account of the last few years, all the little stories you’ve gone and heard, maybe you have your own idea that yourself and your momma is the only two people on the planet who know what your granddaddy is to me. That I have loved him deeper than I know my own soul since I was nineteen. That he lies beside me, and I beside him.
“You’ve only been in here for two minutes, and I hit my head rather hard about an hour ago, so excuse me if my emotion-detecting skills are a little slower than you’re clearly used to—”
The air feels thick and choking. Nothing like it did the last time they were in a car together, all warm and rested and clear. John wants Sherlock to move his knee over and press it against his like he did the last time. To hear him ask him quiet questions and watch his body melt into the car seat, muscles completely relaxed. But instead when he closes his eyes all he can see is his mind’s recreation of Kip’s fist meeting with Scotty’s cheek. All he can hear is his own furious, threatening voice screaming at Scotty until he chased him away.
Holmes’ voice: “Of course, my brother, in all his wisdom, decided to break his wrist on the second day. Cue the helicopter, the stretcher, the red jumpsuits, all the dramatics.”
And yet, they’d only had a handful of semi-blissful days around the Village before John was ripped away from them and flung far, far away.
“Well tough shit!” he yells after him, “because your precious pro status means you’ll see me again in two weeks at the Billabong!”
He turns to walk up the lane to Hobbes’ place, thinking he might as well go lose himself again in his work. It makes the hours go by faster, after all. He walk down into the sand, and he takes two steps towards the lane staring down at his feet, and he looks up quickly at the spot where John had once surprised him by appearing like magic out of the shaded, tree-lined path, and he freezes.
I jump when Sherlock finally speaks. I had done near forgotten he was even there, save for the warm press of his arm against mine through his flannel shirt.
Sherlock knows he’s joking, but the answer that falls immediately from his lips comes from the truest pit of his chest.
Something in her eyes tells me I’ve asked her this question a few times before. And something tells me she didn’t come back just for fun.
In a flash of panic he realizes that John can’t easily see him from where he’s standing. He quickly scans the beach, knowing he only has a matter of minutes to find the perfect spot so that John can easily find him from the waves, when he hears his name cackle across the sand over the mic.
The cheers and the booms of the announcers have long disappeared into the wind, hissed away across the untouched mountains and wafting snow. The starting gate is silent.
“Shitty luck, Johnny!” he hears Greg call out. “Next time you get yourself pitched over at least have the courtesy not to look like you’re drowning. I missed a fucking primo barrel waiting for you to surface.”
“He told me once . . .” Sherlock starts, then he has to raise his voice to practically yell over the roar of the crowd when Kuznetsov is introduced, and the sixty-second warning is given, “that it reminds him of flying—the moments before a race begins. The take-off. ‘The wheels clinging to the runway to say goodbye,’ is what he said.”
“We are here to discuss Pyeongchang,” Greg immediately interrupts. He’s surprised at the sharp fierceness to his voice. For once, he doesn’t mind the rough tones of his accent at all.
It had been a sharp clarity to cling to in the the haze of sad looks from his visiting squadron—the ones still left after the midnight attack. Those, and the mournful, endless groans coming from some of the even worse off men and women in the surrounding beds. It had been a solid memory to cling to when he saw the thinly-veiled pity from the non-RAF nurses back at the civilian hospital, after he was finally transported home for seemingly endless physical therapy. The way some of the young doctors in training on their rounds wouldn’t be able to mask their surprise when they recognized his name from the papers—that blasted news article with the high-definition photos which haunted him in his feverish dreams.
Driving back down the little dirt lane I pass by the family plot. There’s sagging crooked wood crosses all haphazard in the weedy dirt and fake plastic flowers bleached by the sun beneath each one. I think of Sherlock’s body lyin’ there lonely in the Godforsaken earth and choke back a sob.
Scotty steps back and runs his hand through his curls. “Well you wouldn’t have been that far behind me in scores that day anyways. You don’t understand, John. This is what you need to do.”
I’m so lost in the thought I don’t realize ‘til both plates is clean and nearly dry that Junior ain’t come back from the bathroom yet. It’s a clear shot down, not like she could miss it and get lost. I dry my hands on the front of my jeans and walk over to peek down the hallway. I see her standing there frozen and my mouth goes dry.
Something throbs through John’s body. He takes a reeling step backwards, pausing in the middle of the chaos, then freezes as it all settles into place.
It strengthened, it grew and grew and grew, until I suddenly couldn’t imagine that I’d never woken up like this before, not where his words dripped down my bare skin like sweet honey, and he showered me with praises, kissed under my arms, across my chest. Kissed the dip just under my chin. The bones of my hips.
He couldn’t look them in the eyes as he told them about how another patient’s crutches had suddenly crashed to the tile floor, slamming a shattering crack through the room, and how John had finally come to in a heap on the ground who knows how many minutes later with three pairs of nurses’ hands on him, three calmly whispering voices.
But Sherlock had known what Greg meant without either of them needing to elaborate. They’d known it would be like this, had come to terms with it after re-planning Sherlock’s training schedule in the medical center before John left, and still, the unfairness of it all yanks at Sherlock’s stomach in an unfamiliar way.
The pier is deathly cold. Icy wind whipping across my face from the roaring waves, sinking straight through my skin to my bones. I curse under my breath and shiver, pulling my coat tighter around my strong frame. I marvel at the way my skin fits my body tight and smooth. Marvel once more at the way the ground stays steady underneath my feet.
Unwittingly, John breathes a deep sigh of relief. Selfish, maybe, that he feels somewhat entitled to these unexpected minutes of peace—rediscovered brotherhood or no, hadn’t he just endured the biggest spotlight out of them all? The longest interviews? The most tiresomely endless rounds of photos and congratulations?
But no, John suddenly realizes, so sharply he catches his breath. Greg is not gone. This man is anything but a stranger to him. John knows this man, has known him in the final moments of his life, has known him since the beginning. “
suggested we not draw any more attention than necessary, for the sake of G—for the sake of my Final. And so perhaps waving across the Village to large groups of fans when we’re very much visible together in a golf cart is not the best way to—”
, unless you’ve somehow forgotten the inciting incident behind the start of our entire relationship!”
Told her that this was the first year he couldn’t go drink half of a strawberry milkshake alone on her birthday since that night she never came home. Told her that he didn’t want to die.
He feels oddly ridiculous, almost embarrassed, at the passing thought of any of his squadron seeing him now—playing dress up in the snow just to race around and shoot a fake pellet gun and win a useless medal—as if people didn’t die before his eyes in the sand, faces twisted with terror. As if John’s prosthesis glinting in the harsh sun—the metal with two sets of initials engraved behind the knee, and a black skull painted into the joint—is simply an inspiring Paralympic
When I take him that night from behind, we move together for a very long time. He lets me reach around and grab his prick in my own hand as I drape across him like a blanket, and when he comes I hear my own name being called into the hot, sticky air of the tent.
She shivers, and John suddenly places her accent as matching that Midwestern couple he’d met on their vacation out to California. Minnesota, they’d been from. Or was it Wisconsin?
Sonya stutters, flicking her gaze to Rick for help. Rick tugs at the rainbow scarf around his neck. “Well, you’ve had quite the rags-to-riches rise. What, from the drug scandal in Sochi to—”
These skis are used by skiers doing alpine skiing (downhill skiing). As we'll learn later, John meets Sherlock early on in his recovery process, so even though he hasn't lost the use of both legs, it makes sense that he would be making his transition back to skiing by using a monoski, since his other leg would be weak.
“An exclusive interview with Sonya Westley just minutes before your time trials means you’ve certainly won that accolade.”
And then a second wave hits, even taller than the last. And that’s when the other surfers start running.
, he thinks, and it takes him a moment to realize that the ‘we’ in his head is made up of his current and nine-year-old selves. That poor kid; he doesn’t yet realize how lonely boarding school will be, how many times he’ll try to sneak out at night to ski only to get caught and banned from every ski lift in the vicinity; he doesn’t know about the competitions he’ll be so elated to qualify for, where he’ll sit afterwards in the hotel lobby alone next to his trophy, watching the rest of the skiers laugh and celebrate together twenty feet away; he doesn’t know what cocaine feels like, or heartache, or the shame of thinking for years that his body was broken, that he wasn’t made to love anyone; he doesn’t know what exhaustion feels like, pushing his body to its physical limits until he could drop; he doesn’t know true sacrifice, or horrible jealousy, or the deepest pits of self-loathing despair. He doesn’t know what it’s like to make another person happy. To be asked to join in, snuggle closer,
Sherlock lets out a squeak of indignation. “You can’t stop me from training. I’m letting you do what you want here while I walk—”
Watson fiddles with the zipper of his uniform, and nearly runs into the camera when he turns to leave.
Sherlock’s eyes widen quickly in shock, and John laughs. “Well come on I’m not an idiot,” he chuckles. “You hid them in the pocket of my own goddamn pants.”
The old RAF Hawk T-1 trainer jet cuts through the piercing skies with a roar. John doesn’t even have to squint to check: he would know that plane anywhere.
I know as well as I know my own name that he done gave up everything for this – his house down in Amarillo, the brand new job in his own fancy office, the work with the sheriff, the ability to just strut out the door and walk into town without havin’ to sneak through at weird hours and hide his face on account of bein’ a dead man’s ghost.
And that’s how come the first two weeks I ever knew your granddaddy, I was hovering at the edges of his life all scared, just waiting for a punch.
Sherlock pauses after throwing his sunglasses back on over his saltwater stung eyes and running his hands through his soaked hair, still thigh deep in the waves with his board floating restlessly by his side. It bobs and presses against his leg, like an anxious pet dog waiting for a pat on the head or a scolding.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock finally says, glazed eyes flicking up to John’s clenched jaw. “That was uncalled for, and unfair. I’m anxious and cruelly taking it out on you.”
John can’t very well tell the entire globe that he was thinking about nothing at all, just like he can’t tell them that he also briefly thought about dying, and about making out with his two famous boyfriends later that night.
“Yeah, I know how you get, old man,” he calls back over his shoulder. “Crotchety old hodad shit sitting out here on your wrinkly ass wishing us young kids weren’t putting you to shame on every wave.”
“This is not about the kiss,” Greg says. The finality of that statement feels cemented in history. Undeniable. And he can’t do anything but believe it now that it’s come out of his mouth. John dips his chin in acknowledgement. “This is about us.
John goes on, prickling up the back of his neck. “Fucking into me. Pumping your cock in my ass. God you were so big. Didn’t think I could take it –”
Watson immediately rises to his feet, both the interview and his microphone forgotten. He keeps his back to the camera, spine completely straight.
Then John opened the door to you, and you pulled your young man in by the hand, and by God little one, you looked at him and you said, “I want you to meet my granddaddy. And this here’s my papa.”
that Greg can’t bear to think of his last conversation with his mother while he has a naked John Watson in his arms. Or ever.
His voice is rough and fragile, like stepping out onto a frozen lake, and the thin ice rips and cracks. It sounds like those last dying embers of our last campfires on the last nights of our trips, when we would sit and watch the flames until they was nothin’ more but thin, grey smoke. Neither one of us sayin’ a word. Neither one of us suggestin’ it was time to sleep so we were rested enough the next day to leave.
This is his favorite part. The lift off. The treacherous moment between lying flat against the belly of the earth and being lifted up into the heavens on the wings of the spray. John’s tired legs find a second wind and pump him down the face of the barrel just as it folds into the perfect pipeline, cocooning him in a swirl of water and echoing the sound of his heavy breathing. He reaches the opening of the barrel and clenches his core to turn his board up towards the lip of the wave, tapping the crest twice before cutting back and leaving a rocket of spray. Just as the whitewater starts to swallow up his legs John shoots a glance back to Scotty Holmes perched on his board with his fucking aviators still pulled down over his eyes. John smirks as the sound of the wild applause starts to fill his ears, and does a full soul arch, face lifted up to the sky as he feels the churning foam swell around his calves.
“What I meant to say, before,” John says. “The thing that’s insane. I’m standing here in Hawaii, and apparently I’m about to surf the fucking Banzai Pipeline, and I’ve got the Scotty Holmes saying he’ll help me not make a complete ass of myself. Eighteen-year-old me is pinching the shit out of his arm right about now. It’s unreal.”
The beach gasps, and John leans to his right to press his shoulder up against Sherlock’s. Don rockets down the face of the wave, spray flying up behind the tail of his board, a black speck against a wall of moving water being hurled back down towards the earth. John can see his legs shaking under the force of the wave from here – the way his board pumps and bobs against the face as it tries to carve in a steady path. The wave starts to break ten feet behind him as he zooms straight down, threatening to crash on top of him and bury him in thirty-feet of solid, rushing water and foam. Hank curses under his breath, one hand covering his mouth, and John almost does the same. Sherlock alone out of everyone on the beach stands calm and unaffected, lips not even pursed.
Thick salt. The kind that coated shivering skin in chalky warmth and crusted like splintering glass in between tiny strands of hair, seeking the water, seeking the sun, seeking the froth.
The air settles then as Greg laughs again and rolls his eyes, the room slowly transforming into some semblance of their bedroom back in London—the scent of the three of them, three relaxed sets of lungs, limbs all warmly tangled up in a sea of sheets. Sherlock watches John trace the hairs on Greg’s chest with his fingertip, and his spine relaxes in a way it hasn’t done since their last night in Greg’s Village room over a week ago.
Sherlock swallows over his dry mouth then holds his breath, even though he knows they’re aware that he’s long done with brushing his teeth and his shower. He silently traces the lines he can see of Greg’s body through the silken shadows as he waits—waits for what, he feels he would never be able to say.
I can’t stand it no more, denying myself the right taste his mouth and breathe his air. My body moves without me, binding me to him from lips to knees. Suddenly he moves. I can feel the muscles ripple in his back underneath my sweating hands, and he’s on top of me, pressing me down into the earth with the solid weight of him. I feel drunk even though I ain’t had a sip of beer or whiskey. His tongue is inside my mouth, stroking across mine. My lips are on fire. Burning. He groans into my mouth, and it sends a shiver of heat from my throat down to my groin.
Stupidly, and because there’s nothing better to do other than stare at the screen until his eyes fall out, Greg once again checks his phone:
Greg’s gripping the frozen rail so hard his fingers feel like ice. He’s never been more grateful for his sunglasses covering his eyes. Sherlock,
He startles from his thoughts when Greg clears his throat. “But Scotty. Is he . . . is he that for you?”
“—and since it’s so hard to see, and since that front section is mostly empty . . .” Ron tips his head. “Was wondering if you could maybe say we’re in your group. Take us up there with you?”
Anotherwellkeptsecret on Tumblr has GRACIOUSLY and SUPERBLY illustrated the scene in this chapter. It's breathtaking, perfect, emotional, and probably the best thing I've ever seen. Check it out and leave her some well deserved love here:
“Time for bed, cowboy,” I say into his curls, and then I pat the front of his chest and run my nose across the side of his forehead before walkin’ back over to my horse. He turns his head to watch me disappear into the moonlit trail, and I feel the warmth of him up along my whole body all the way ‘til I get to the meadow.
John turns and looks at him, a soft smile starting at the corner of his mouth. “What makes sense, you bastard?”
Sherlock gestures limply with his hand around the silent, empty house, not even sure what to say. “You – you gave up so much for this. For me.”
But anyway, when John and I heard you was bringing your man, I fully thought I was about to hear you say the words ‘Uncle Scott’ again for the first time in a million years. Didn’t blame you one bit for it. Maybe a small part of me even missed that role—missed the way you would say it when you was missing your two front teeth, and you would lisp. Missed the way it made me anonymous, in a way. That I could just fade back into the wallpaper and you’d never really notice I was gone. I could leave you to your life like it was meant to be and not intrude.
Sherlock can look. They hold each other’s gaze in the new silence, breathing hard into the vulnerable air, then John pats the side of Sherlock’s cheek and grins.
Sherlock nods dumbly and follows, mind still reeling. He lets his eyes zero in on the broad, quiet strength of John’s back as he paddles out ahead of him, his own arms and legs feeling like molasses. His heart pounds in anticipation as the wave starts to build and crest behind them, lifting up the tails of their boards where they wait about ten feet apart. He’s never ridden a wave with anyone else before, aside from someone else snaking in on him to try and screw him over in a competition.
“No, no buts. You moved here. You said yes to the shop. And don’t try and fucking lie to me and deny that deep down you always wished that you could get married one day because you wanted to know that at least one part of your goddamn life wouldn’t just be one giant mystery. So I’m telling you. I fucking love you, and that isn’t changing. So marry me.”
Watson reaches gratefully for the small clip-on mic as he sits down in the offered seat. He sits directly across from the camera, facing us and the interviewer. The walls are bare.
His voice was raw. “I still want this – I promise that I want this,” he whispered, and I understood. I asked him to let me in, to finally let me share in the pain instead of just in the joy.
Sherlock Holmes ski one of the slowest times three rounds in a row. There are whispers in at least four different languages, and sly looks from the crowd milling in the stands, and Sherlock stands in the invisible spotlight at the finish line, glaring down at his skis as if they’ve personally betrayed him.
There is a grey exhaustion painted under Holmes’ eyes. He sighs after Watson whispers his name. Slowly, illuminated by the flickering fluorescent light of the storage room, they kiss.
“I did.” I rub my nose gently across his cheek and inhale. I just want to drown in his air. “Please,” I somehow manage to whisper. “Please, Sherlock, forgive me,” I say.
He settles down further into the pile of blankets behind us, and his body seeps closer to mine. “John Watson, you’re one hell of a goddamn unpredictable man,” he says, and I can hear in his voice the awe that he ain’t currently spitting up blood from the other end of my closed fist.
He sucks in a breath and nods. I stare at his face and barely blink as he licks his fingers and reaches down underneath his heavy prick. I watch his eyes almost flicker shut like a dying light as he enters himself. I keep my lips inches from his as he rocks on his own fingers. I’m drownin’ in the sight of him. This is Sherlock beneath me. Sherlock’s breath and Sherlock’s eyes and Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock’s dick.
Sherlock sucks in a breath and blinks hard, forcing his throat to work. He feels like his brain is thirty seconds behind, frantically trying to play catch-up. “Sunset beach is in three weeks,” he says back.
He reaches a hand up to knead at his shoulder, then surreptitiously touches his upper back where he knows his tattoo reaches. He’d felt ridiculous the first few times he caught himself doing that in the weeks after it healed—like he’d transformed overnight into the textbook definition of ‘ex-RAF pilot who never learned how to be a normal bloke.’
The stranger turns his face sideways for a brief second, letting me see his profile etched like porcelain against the smoky, black backdrop of the city. “I took care of it. That’s all you need to –”
Sherlock’s cheeks burn when John’s eyes briefly glow at him in silent thanks, then he steals Greg’s water glass even though his own is still full. “I’ll tell them to add that distressing part of my life to my Paralympics featurette,” Sherlock says.
Now the road is empty. Still. Warm, steaming windows illuminate the dark, wet streets with golden pools of spilled over light, crowded inside with bodies seeking shelter from the cold. I must look like an idiot walking alone out in the freezing spray – not dashing inside to join them. Instead I keep walking – following the path I think we took last week backwards towards the city center, streets gradually filling more and more with people. Girls in short skirts with legs covered in goosebumps. Boys taking off jean and leather jackets to drape across their thin shoulders.
Sherlock’s limbs feel loose and wild. He grabs for John’s arm, yanking him hard back up towards him.
But instead Rick looks at them both apologetically and puts on his best newscaster voice. “My sincerest apologies to our two Olympic champions on the couch, but we’ve just received word that the Paralympic Men’s Hockey Final has been rescheduled and is starting in five minutes. We’ll bring you all the action in just a moment. But before we go, John do you have a quick word to share with our viewers? Any veterans who may be watching? LGBT youth hoping to ski? Fellow amputees?”
Greg quickly looks to Patrick, who nods. We see Watson nodding from the back as well. Holmes does not respond, but keeps staring out the window.
Maxine gives him a hard stare, then laughs. “Coulda fooled me! Heck, dear, by your face I woulda thought you were standing in line at the Pick ‘n Save. You’re the calmest looking one here, and I’m including the bored cameramen.”
John throws his head back comes with a cry, heat pulsing through his body from the center of his aching cock, still sucked into the tight heat of Sherlock’s mouth. He spills down Sherlock’s throat and pulses as Sherlock swallows around him, sucking him down with his tongue on a long, deep groan.
that I’m perfectly alright? You’d rather I be incapacitated on a stretcher with a brace on my neck than sitting here talking like normal?”
For some idiotic reason, the liminal space of the sand – caught in between the silent comfort of the car and the open freedom of the waves – feels sharp and threatening against the fragile, tender little flutter of something that Sherlock feels in the three feet of space between them. The warm little thrum of spark that flickers and pulses, pulling gently like a magnet. It feels like it’s on the verge of being flickered out forever – snuffed by the wind on the shore. Sherlock waxes his board in half the time than usual, then jumps up and jogs to the water, desperate to keep the spark from blowing out and feeling like a pathetic, romantic idiot for even thinking of it in the first place.
John sucks in a breath. “Spilling all my – Jesus, Scotty I was going to tell him about being shot at in fucking Vietnam. You think
But then the helicopter is gone, sailing away to go and film the exciting practice runs at one of the distant stadiums, and in the thick, ensuing silence after the whirs finally fade, John unclenches his fists, leans back against the concrete wall behind him, and closes his eyes.
The friend sticks out a hand and chimes in. “Asher. USA. Halfpipe,” he says, the standard Village greeting John is now well used to even after only a few hours. The first man mimics him, “Connor. Canada. Slopestyle.”
Sherlock frowns as he takes off his aviators, folding them over the neckline of his t-shirt. “I literally just told you I’d be here – why would I leave you?”
Sherlock shrugs, adjusting the lenses on the bridge of his nose. “I’ve no idea why you’re implying that John’s presence or absence somehow affects my desire to wear these ridiculous things, but I’ll have you know that the video quality of these practice runs on the course leaves much to be desired if you actually want to learn more than the fact that the flags are blue and red. And furthermore, as to your request, I’ve had intercourse twice over the last three months and a third time last night with you, so I hardly think you could accuse me of jealously wanting to join in now.”
And just as Chris was about to disappear outside, John had blurted out the question he knew he had to ask before he could stand up on that cliff and let this man somehow bind him to Sherlock forever.
Sherlock was sitting at the table bent over a microscope. Or, at least he was trying to bend over. His belly has grown so much since I wrote in here last month. He gets rounder every day, and our little girls have finally popped out his belly low and full.
“Johnny we’ll see you tomorrow, I promise. I’ll probably wake up tomorrow morning to find Greg’s already snuck out and hitched a ride back to you because he’ll be too impatient to wait for me.”
Greg bites the inside of his lip. “He is joking, of course,” he says, and Sherlock gently flicks the back of his neck with his fingers. Greg ignores him. “When I . . . when I knew I was not going to compete in Pyeongchang, I remembered Holmes from Vancouver. I had heard he needed a coach. The timing—it worked out.”
Sherlock freezes. Then he drops his poles to the snow, followed by his bandana and goggles. He stares at John’s face on the screen for the longest two seconds of John’s life.
Since coming out of my last Visit my body has failed me more and more each hour. I tell myself in the daytime that it’s just natural biology. That the cancer has finally caught up with my old bones, and is dragging me slowly towards that black and gentle end.
Holmes stays seated at the table. After shooting a quick glance at the rest of the guys, Watson hangs back.
Keep searching. I ride through what feels like the entire city, until my thighs are weak and aching, and my heart feels like lead. And then, as I come around a curve with slumped shoulders, I catch a faint whiff of the salt sea on the breeze. I suddenly know where he is.
Sherlock chuckles ahead of him and stops paddling in a clear spot of water, sitting up to perch on his board. He pulls his arms behind him to stretch his shoulders, chest heaving. John’s mouth waters at the sight. The flowers spilling across his shoulder ripple and shine in the thick purple light, which billows out across the waves from the low and heavy sun and reflects back onto his smooth, tan skin. John pulls up next to him and sits up, cracking his neck. Already his chest feels naked without the warm, smooth wood hanging down across it. They’d left their necklaces back at home out of fear of losing them in the waves. Now John rubs the spot at the middle of his chest idly with his hand for a moment, breathing deeply in his lungs and catching the soft scent of flowers floating across the surface of the sea.
Sherlock’s voice is low and ragged. The sound of it shoots heat through John’s veins and pools deep in his gut, slowly throbbing between his legs where he still sits pressed over the bottom of Sherlock’s hips, feeling him quiver and roll beneath him as he tastes every inch of the skin of his back, the tattoo as a tender guide.
He walks beside Greg up to the check in table and almost whoops for joy when he sees that it’s Molly behind the little foldup table. She greets them with a flip of her long brown ponytail and a deep eye roll.
Greg tries not to smirk when Sherlock surreptitiously ducks his chin to breathe in the collar, inhaling the scent. He claps a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder the way he does on the slopes. “
Greg’s changed in the last four years. Well, three years and seven months, since that’s the first data point Sherlock can compare his current view of Greg’s naked body to. The once lean lines of muscle and bone across his back have slowly broadened, and his strong thighs have grown rolling and firm, and there’s an almost-imperceptible new layer of heavier muscle and weight across his stomach. There isn’t that whipcord, terrifying sharpness to the harsh cuts of his body anymore.
“—but your introduction was priceless! The look on his face! You should have stuck around to see it! Group Captain John Watson, you ingenious, glorious, beautiful—”
Lahela is still standing frozen watching them. Sherlock nearly begs her to speak – to just fucking say something instead of leaving them both in suspense. Yell at him, curse him, tell him he’s going to Hell, just anything instead of this silence.
John’s left foot briefly strokes his calf under the table. “Thank you for enduring that incredible hardship,” he says, voice practically dripping onto the table with sarcasm. “I’ll let the Paralympics know that you should qualify to compete in Beijing in four years. The featurette would inspire a generation.”
It is achingly unbelievable that the young man before me is desperate to close his eyes and die. The sight of him lying deathly still under a crisp white sheet feels now like a haunted dream. I can’t believe that his thick curls are shorn in the World. Can’t believe that his lips aren’t really warm from his breath. That his voice doesn’t whisper my name, strong and deep.
Cut to Greg in the helicopter from where he’s been waiting down below. He soars back into the air, then flies as fast as he can. His hands competently grip at the controls, so hard we can see the whites of his knuckles.
Gritting his teeth, Sherlock makes his final decision. He hadn’t realized there was still a chance of him turning back empty handed until this moment. But now, the answer screams at him. It simply must be done. John will be livid, will curse him for days, will blame Sherlock for ruining his sleep, destroying both their chances at Gold, traumatizing his roommate, etcetera.
Voiceover: “When it’s a child, though, of course it affects you. It is hard not to experience the emotions. To keep them away until the mission is over, and has succeeded. Until you have done your job.”
Interviewer: “I believe his exact words were: ‘Do whatever John says. Don’t question him. Now get out of my hair so I can have a moment of peace’.”
Dom drops his shovel and immediately calls up to Sam to help raise him back to the surface. We stay zoomed in on Watson’s hands brushing the last bits of snow away from Holmes’ face, cradling the back of his neck as best as he can below the helmet. Shockingly, the go-pro is still perfectly attached to the front.
” I’d once said to him. Now I can’t even imagine those words coming true. I’d rather go back to Amarillo and find a man with a tire iron and beg him to get me for real than live in a world where I had successfully quit John Watson.
He wants to delete the fact that Wing Commander James Sholto apparently had the stomach to sit through that entire fifteen-minute spotlight, but he knows he cannot forget. He’ll delete every single one of his course times before he forgets that.
Sherlock catches a shocked, breathless smile flash across John’s face before he’s surrounded for the second time that day by a swarm of other surfers, cheering for him along with the rest of the crowd, reaching out to place their hands on his skin.
His lips quirk up just at the corner. They’re full and pink and just a little bit chapped, wrapping around his cigarette and glistening in the firelight. I remember how the cigarette he handed me in the truck was damp from his mouth, and then I wonder why I’m even remembering.
And yet John still looks at him in the quieter moments of their life and can’t help but see the bright-eyed twenty-one year old kid, fresh off his stunning Silver medal win in Nagano, shyly turning to introduce himself to John on a tiny ski lift, as if eighteen-year-old John Watson didn’t already know exactly who the hell he was. Wasn’t already nervous and sweating at the thought that he was sharing a
But Greg only shakes his head and closes his eyes, as if he can’t even watch John’s groveling. He bites the inside of his cheek—a fragile gesture John can count on one hand the number of times he’s seen Greg do. “I . . . I am not angry,” he finally manages, in a voice that sounds so exhausted, so unlike the unstoppable champion the world knows. Greg fixes him with a long look, as if he’s seeing every year of John’s life, every year they were apart. Distantly, leaking water drips from one of the showers, sadly echoing off the walls. “Later,” Greg finishes in the barest whisper. His throat works. “I cannot . . . later.”
John looks straight at the camera, unselfconscious, unafraid and standing tall, his eyes an unbelievable shade of deep blue. On his right, half-standing behind him, is Sherlock. He looks terrifyingly fit, lean muscles in his arms seemingly carved into his skin, the freckles on his stomach stark against his paleness in the studio lights. He isn’t even looking at the camera, caught off-guard by a spontaneous shot between takes. Instead, he’s looking slightly over John’s head, right at Greg.
He rubs his palm over his mouth and tries to think of the last time he was ever at a skiing competition and couldn’t recite the stats and times of every skier prior to Sherlock’s run, rattling them off like he was giving orders back in the RAF, and realizes he can’t. It simply hasn’t happened. It unsettles him, even as a warm, familiar cord wraps itself around his ribs, settling deep in his gut. It isn’t often he allows himself to just stand still and remember . . .
And John suddenly knows, with a shameful intensity, that if he had been in Greg’s place, he would have broken apart. He would have released everything he had wrapped up and kept held back since James finished that sentence years and years ago. He would have collapsed on Sherlock’s chest, let his desperate tears fall into his curls.
Then the reality of his plane ticket back to LA tomorrow slaps him in the face, leaving a stinging bruise. He tries to hide the realization in his eyes, but he knows Sherlock catches it first. The moment turns dense and uncomfortable, tension radiating through Sherlock’s body as it hovers just above his skin, as if touching him will cause John to leap from the bed and run away for good – to escape the reality of a man touching his skin in the slow, relaxed, purposeful light of day.
A few quick words on surfer culture (based on my admittedly rough understanding as a more casual fan):
John huffs a disbelieving laugh and stares blankly out towards the endless horizon, trying to calm his racing heart and the quiet shaking in his hands gripping his board. He licks his lips and tries to talk without laughing. “Is this what being married to you is like, then? You surprising me once every five goddamn hours?”
Sherlock looks up at John, sitting in his boxer shorts in luxurious 5-Star sheets, the scars on his thigh bright pink, his hair a mess and belly full of sushi, two empty bottles of whiskey lying around him in the bed, one of his nipple rings hanging crooked, and realizes that he would rather give up his Gold than have to ever, under any circumstances, be the subject of John Watson’s real wrath.
John’s mouth goes dry. He’s afraid to turn his head and look. He can practically feel his own name about to come out of Rick Jordan’s lip-glossed lips. “
Cut to the same man sitting straight up in a chair in front of a wall of maps. He is now dressed in the same red jumpsuit as the others, and the sewn-on patch reads “S. Holmes.”
And then he’d kissed him. The most impossible thing to ever happen on planet earth. And then he’d leaned over John’s shoulder and kissed Greg Lestrade behind him, as Greg wrapped his arms around John’s chest. The second most impossible thing to ever happen on planet earth.
He hums again, as if he just learned a new fact from an encyclopedia. Then he taps my shoulder and I quickly get to my feet, embarrassed that I stayed kneeling on the suspect for so long. The stranger grabs the suspect by the cuffed wrists and drags him to his feet, reeling him back around towards the entrance of the alleyway. Back towards the thrilling, buzzing light.
A strange relief passes over her face. I guess it’s because she doesn’t have to say the ugly word. “Yes,” she says with a rush. “It had been a problem for years, apparently, but one night something happened.” She pauses, and the silence feels heavy and thick. Like I’m somehow involved.
Alma’s pulling a dollar out of her pocket. She’s gonna ask me to get her a pack of smokes, I know it.
Sherlock jogs a step to catch up. “I’m starting to realize that,” he says under a chuckle. He amazes himself how easily the laugh falls from his lips.
John nods, and still they don’t move apart. He can’t look away from Scotty’s eyes, the two little droplets of ocean that had made him want to suck in some oxygen and live. Finally Scotty slowly moves his hand toward John, hesitating in the air. John holds his breath, lips dry, as Scotty gently places his hand at the top of John’s forearm, gripping his skin beneath his elbow in a warm touch. John’s legs feel like water.
He watches Greg and Sherlock walk off together towards the transport vans, already discussing Sherlock’s practice run schedule in such rapid French that John could never understand it even at half-speed. The two of them keep perfectly in stride shoulder-to-shoulder, Sherlock shining like the sun, his hands flying with excitement and anticipation, with pure
John can’t believe he’s saying any of this out loud. The words falling from his mouth feel like bullets piercing the peaceful morning air, tainting the sleepy calm hovering over the ocean. And yet Greg sits next to him relaxed and easy, limbs loose and soft. John realizes he’s never wanted to hug him more than in that moment.
The other surfers seem to notice John for the first time. A few of them frown in confusion, glancing quickly at Sherlock and wondering how in hell Scotty Holmes just showed up to surf with a friend, and then they’re beaming towards him, holding out arms to slap his back and shake his hand.
He grows a little thinner every year. I grow a little thicker. He never really tells me exactly what he does for a living now that he quit rodeo-in’ all those years back, just tells me what interstate he had to take to get to Wyoming. Seems like it’s ranch hand work, same as me, but Lord knows why he moves cities every time I seen him, or why he ain’t just taken himself to a big city and set up his life there, putting all that learning to good use ‘stead of branding cattle or rounding up horses. I never really ask. He never asks me neither, but he can read it on my skin all the same.
The man finally turns to look at him, pure incredulity plastered across his face, spreading out from underneath his black sunglasses.
John had lain on the bed on his stomach while Sherlock fetched the cream. And Greg had sat there, tensed on the edge of the mattress, drinking in the sight of John’s strong back, the familiar lines of ink, while also feeling acutely that he shouldn’t be allowed to see. So Greg had taken one last, long look, then asked John if he wanted him to step out for a bit until they were done.
Holmes, quietly: “Yes . . . yes it does. Require a lot of trust. You could not do any of the missions we do, even the most mundane operations, without total trust.”
“Now,” Sonya says, “let’s talk specifics. Sherlock, you’ve got your coach’s Olympic Record still holding strong over the course. Is that your goal for time?”
John leans into Greg’s side and laughs, shaking his head. “This is the most insane idea you’ve ever had in your life. The fucking
“You’ve a lean steak and steamed vegetables waiting for you in Greg’s room,” Sherlock says, his eyes glued to his phone.
He tunes out the next part of the conversation, noting with a piercing ache that Greg and John are gradually taking small steps away from him in the sand, drawn into each other with quick words and even quicker laughs. He starts to plan his silent escape, quickly flipping through options in his head of how to get back to his motel now that he knows he doesn’t have a ride back with John, when even more voices come bounding down from up on the bluff.
John blinks, and the world explodes back into noise and rhythm and focus, and he belatedly realizes that the skier before him has just taken off, soaring into the snow in a blur of skis and poles and the Russian flag.
Sherlock leaps to his feet and clasps his hands in front of his lips like a prayer, silently mouthing words. Greg joins him, clinging onto the railing, as John picks off yet another skier before heading into the first curve and out of sight of the stands.
Connor’s eyes grow wide. “Dude, you must be freaking! Your prelims are happening in like . . . twenty hours!”
“Right, so unless you tell me to leave, I’m in this. I’m with you. I wouldn’t have come back if I didn’t feel that way, ok?”
Watson soars through the sky, and we watch him from Patrick’s side as he sways in the strong winds. Around him, the fog and mist swirl like a white cauldron of steam.
My mind tells me he wasn’t there because he doesn’t want to see me. Doesn’t want to see a scarred coward who said “no.”
Finally Sherlock cups John’s cheek in his hand and pulls him back up for a kiss, gentle and long. Sherlock groans softly into his mouth, holding him close, feeling every inch of his warm skin pressed against his, limbs sated and heavy.
Sherlock licks his lips and starts lifting his hands, tracing ghostly touches up the sides of Johnny’s arms, their final destination unknown. His fingers hover over the tops of Johnny’s shoulders, left fingertips just a hair’s width away from the raised, pink scar. A soft and broken sound escapes from the back of Johnny’s throat. Sherlock lowers his fingers towards his wet and warm skin. Breathes in the smell of his neck, dips his nose closer to his hair, lowers fingertips and lowers, lowers, lowers –
He kisses me deeply. Whispers my name back to me against my lips. Fresh relief flowing from his skin under my palms. I could soar.
that had surged through his body, Greg’s hands around his hips, John’s fingers through his hair. Looking up to watch Greg tug at John’s nipple, flicking the ring. Sherlock’s own erection rutting against the sheets as John’s semen dribbled out of his mouth and down his chin, Greg’s balls slapping into his thighs . . .
He silently hands me a pair of handcuffs and I work them around the wrists pinned underneath me. The suspect is silent, body slowly relaxing beneath me as he resigns himself to being caught. I finally get him secure, then sit up to wipe my dirty palms on my pants. My fresh, young hands are steady.
My mind reels, heart beating fast and solid in my chest. A block of ice. “But Van Cleave . . . He wasn’t just a Visitor –”
“Look, Johnny,” Greg says as they paddle, “all I’m saying is, and this is the last thing I’ll say about it, you decide to go back there, just say the word and I’ll help you. We’ll help you. I’ll miss you like hell, man, but, you just say the word.”
Sherlock finally looks at him, his curls blowing into his eyes. “And that’s precisely the run John wanted to take, I’m assuming?”
She probably couldn’t imagine in a million years some of the yelling matches they’ve had out on the slopes during a practice. That Greg Lestrade doesn’t let Sherlock Holmes walk all over him without biting back. That Greg actually
It makes me feel somethin’, somethin’ hot and sharp, to see him holdin’ my granddaughter in his arms. Something cold and hollow, too. For whatever reason, it makes me think of the countless times I watched Sherlock drive away from me in his truck, kickin’ up dust with the tires down the winding roads on Baker, while I stood back in an empty campsite with the impression of a tent beat into the dirt and grass.
John nearly groans in frustration as he covers the phone with his hand and looks up to call back to Maxine. “Right, one minute!”
The truth wins. “I knew I had . . . plans for the morning. Didn’t want us to be late if we didn’t already have your stuff packed for the day.”
“That isn’t the fear that keeps me up at night,” Sherlock says, animated as if he’s excited to say the answer to a trivia question and prove John wrong. “What you’ve just said is categorically true: you enjoy that I keep things interesting, just as I enjoy doing it. No, my fear is that you both find me childish and unteachable and shallow and that one day you’ll be too exhausted to care for me anymore so you’ll kick me out, and then you’ll both become peaceful empty-nesters finally enjoying each other’s company without stress for the first time. You’ll do something romantic like sell all your possessions and travel the world hand-in-hand, and you won’t have to remind me to eat, and you can have sex whenever you like because you both have penises that are functional. And you’ll read a sports blurb about me winning some country club skiing competition for washed-up adults and give an embarrassed laugh over the breakfast table remembering your mutual blip in common sense when you thought it was a good idea to date me just because I kept things
John starts to grin, then stops; Greg looks some combination of ashamed and worried. John’s chest sinks at the realization Greg thinks he’ll be upset, another way John’s been left out. “I’m glad you were together,” he says, as earnestly as possible. “I mean it. I wouldn’t have wanted either of you to be alone.”
Sherlock reaches his side and leans down, placing a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you. I was just running over here to see if you wanted to watch with me. We picked straws and I’m up last with Hank.”
Hot tears brim at the back of my eyes. It’s no wonder they don’t let you have a mirror until you’re used to it all. Until you have it in your head that you’ll always have to go back to the World when the time on your wrist is up. Not until you decide to Stay.
I tell her “see you next month,” but she’s already up the porch steps with her bag slung over her shoulder, too far away to hear me.
John hesitates, considers adding something more romantic for his first text sent as a Gold medalist, then gives up. He tosses his phone to the bench beside him and starts to pull his walking-leg out of his bag, drying off his stump so he can fit it on. A plan starts to form in his mind—he’ll skip the ceremony, call everyone they know, call Greg’s parents if it means he can find him. Would Greg leave town? Leave them both? Leave Sherlock entirely on his own for his Finals? Would they come back to London to cleaned out drawers, an empty peg where his medals had been?
Then again, we also aren’t supposed to be allowed to travel to the beach, or have five-minute Visits in the daytime away from the Home, or marry other people just so that they can die.
John rolls over gratefully onto his stomach without protest, shifting to yank off his shirt and wincing at the sharp throb through his shoulders. He feels Sherlock step off the bed and hears the dressing gown fall to the floor.
They’re alone. Even the Olympics staff and course maintenance workers have left for the day, hiding out in their warm Village rooms to escape from the hissing cold and mentally preparing for tomorrow’s hectic sprint to the Opening Ceremony. The blinding pools of bright haze from the left-on stadium lights flood across the dark snow, illuminating the course with a ghostly glow and blocking out the stars above.
It’s these moments when John wonders if maybe they only ever speak in English for him—no matter that Sherlock didn’t even learn French until he was ten. If they get annoyed at having to walk slower for his limping stride. If they want to tackle the black diamond runs on their precious group vacations but settle for cross-country sightseeing with John instead. If they want, want, want . . . or wish, wish, wish . . . or regret—
He’s like a different person the whole week, like all them long, hard years have shed off his body and left him young and new again. I try to remember the last time I was as happy and fresh as that. It must’ve been long before Harry drove me to that bus station.
“Something funny, Dr. Watson?” The nurse is looking at me like I just sprouted a second head. She can’t imagine why in the hell I’d be laughing after just practically crawling through the doors for the first time in two years, like some pathetic cancerous snail.
In silent agreement, they head to the equipment room, both knowing there will be some passable extra skis there which they can borrow. Greg slows as they approach, fully assuming that Sherlock is about to either pick the lock or use a stolen coach’s keycard hidden somewhere in his pockets.
Sherlock cocks his head, and it only looks slightly less natural than usual. “It got the job done, didn’t it?”
Sherlock looks over his shoulder then pulls over to the side of the empty highway, lips pursed with worry. “John I didn’t mean – that’s not a bad thing, I just meant –”
Holmes, slow but sharp: “That I would rise from the dead and haunt you for the rest of your lives? You’re correct. You dodged a bullet. Now get me off this blasted freezing piece of ice and back to the base. And there’d better be good quality tea.”
was the reason he had just decided to enlist in the military post-uni. Sherlock had nearly thrown his phone out the window in frustration when he imagined how this Corporal Johnson must have done something irreparably
His voice is gentle, but John cringes all the same, face prickling and hot. Hard to forget how John had stopped in his tracks when he was halfway down the street after leaving Greg and Molly’s housewarming party early, hearing footsteps chasing after him. How he’d turned and seen Greg running towards him, face loose and happy from drinking, begging John with half-slurred words not to leave yet. Not to leave
Sherlock cracks his toes the way he knows Greg hates and sighs for the countless pathetic time that evening. He should be doing something much more dignified, he knows. He should be eating a balanced, athlete-worthy meal while falling in love with his own muscles, or whispering sweet sonnets to his skis while he cradles them to his bare chest in his bed, or watching course footage until his eyeballs fall out and roll across the floor, or . . . stretching. Something terribly
Sherlock thinks the moment has passed – that they’ll get John’s bags from back outside and talk through what to do. He wonders if John realizes that Waimea is tomorrow. Wonders when John plans to surf next, and whether he’ll need to get a bigger bed, and if John’s hungry or tired or thirsty or wants to go and surf or wants to go and be alone.
, proudly, and he isn’t going anywhere—the lift doors close, and John squares his shoulders—not if he has a say in it.
“Stop! That is enough!” Rough, gloved hands belonging to a course attendant suddenly appear out of nowhere, dragging the young man away. “You know no interviews once an athlete is in the gate. You will be receiving a fine for this . . .”
Greg starts to reach for his own phone before remembering that it’s turned off back in his bag. John never texts him before any sort of interview for this very reason. It’s how Greg’s always treated anything even remotely related to his skiing—phone off, outside world shut away, focus on the task at hand.
He shakes his head and tries to stand up as straight as possible. “No,” he says. “I’m in about two weeks, actually.”
“Do you think you can try at some supper, Dr. Watson?” she asks. The concern in her voice is so thick it nearly chokes me. “You didn’t eat anything yesterday,” she goes on, acting casual. “It might be nice.”
Sherlock shifts his body so that John can rest his thigh in between his legs, and John lowers onto his elbows, his arms bracketing Sherlock’s face.
It’s a mantle he doesn’t quite feel ready for, as if he’d snuck into a closet and tried on a Wing Commander’s suit. It almost makes him want to place “normally” tomorrow—in the lower, middle of the pack where he
The camera on the snow pans wildly to the left to see Watson sprinting towards the chaos through a wall of white, tripping on the slick ice. He screams Holmes’ first name from where he halts his steps on the edge of the jagged pit, hands on his knees, then he immediately whirls around, bends over, and dry heaves over the snow, coughing madly to try and catch his breath.
John has to fight back a smile despite himself. He wonders whether he should be completely ashamed that his chest has puffed up under the praise of this sixteen-year-old tube of walking hair gel. “Yeah,” he says, with an overly casual shrug. “With the guns and shit.”
John grins and rolls his neck once on his shoulders to crack it. “I’m thinking about being scared shitless to go up against O’Brien on the Pipeline in an hour. Your turn.”
“You did nothing wrong. I think I fucking wanted to be kept in the dark. Everything about this, about you two, about my fucking life, has felt so fucking unbelievable. I don’t think I was ready to learn that until now. Or I would have run.”
Sherlock finally steps back, shaking out his shoulders and hauling his bag of skis up with one arm. He reaches for the door after a last piercing glance at Greg. “Just wanted to remind you that you have something good in your life before we go out there and argue about the fifth gate angle for the rest of the day.”
After pushing for almost three hours (and I think I’ll hear Sherlock’s agonized cries in my nightmares for the rest of my life), little Elinor suddenly appeared in the midwife’s hands. I’ve never seen Sherlock reach for something faster in his life. His hands shot forward, and he lifted her out of the water, cleared her throat with his fingers like a natural and frantically counted fingers and toes while we waited breathlessly for her first cry.
Sherlock dips his head so it fits under Greg’s chin, unable to suppress his hum when Greg starts rubbing his back. It’s hard to believe that anything could be wrong in such a perfect moment. That anything, or anyone, could be missing. “Can’t sleep.”
Sherlock’s voice rumbles in his ear as his other hand grips at John’s chest, holding him close. “Can you imagine,” he breathes, “if you were sliding your cock into my ass?”
“Change of plans, Junior,” I say. I hope she can’t see my never used fishin’ pole sitting dry in the truck bed. I realize then that she probably don’t wanna be called Junior no more, seeing as how she’s a young little lady herself now, but she only smiles at me in that way of hers that makes me feel like I can breathe the mountain air again, even if only for a minute.
Greg suspects Sherlock might have actually fallen asleep in his arms when Sherlock finally whispers, in a small voice, “
He likes waiting for the breathtaking, inevitable moment when one of them repeats something funny or infuriating Sherlock said earlier that day to get the other to giggle. When one of them tells the other how they want to see Sherlock lying in their arms. God, he looks beautiful against you. His curls on your skin. Let me see you kiss his neck. Let me see you hold him.
When Greg finally does look up, he pins Sherlock with his gaze for a moment. The deep brown webs woven through his irises are heavy and clear, and Sherlock is surprised that the mountains don’t spontaneously avalanche at such a meaningful expression, that they don’t tumble over and bow down before the man who so effortlessly conquered them all for so many years.
. He went down into his tiny, swaying hammock bunk and pulled out a sheet of lined paper and pen to write to Auntie Cath and Uncle Ron to tell them “all is fine,” and “the food on the ship is alright, but not as good as your tuna casserole,” and “last week I saw a monkey climbing along the trees on the shore.”
, I could never do my job with focus. I would be worried all the time. She would be worried all the time. You cannot mix these two things in that way, I believe.”
Then I realize as the fluorescent lights hum and blind my eyes that I wasn’t actually saying goodbye to her at all.
Watson: “There. That’s us that first night we met. Buddy of mine took it before we . . . er, before we left the bar. You get the idea.”
for fuck’s sake, and now this journalist with an ankle-length knit scarf is leaving him tongue-tied and meek, embarrassing himself in an interview which Sherlock will most certainly find and watch later tonight.
My voice sounds too calm, too flat. I’m tryin’ hard as hell to keep it from breaking. “Five years – figured you’d gone and gave up on me. Still sore about that punch,” I say.
in the meeting with John that morning. How he must have thanked John, or called him Group Captain, or even bloody
Sherlock nods and doesn’t respond, letting John lead him slowly up towards the shaded canopy of the trees. John gently pushes him down into the sand against a palm trunk and hands him the nearest bottle of water. He kneels in front of him and puts a hand on his shin, trying to exude nothing but a strong, calm peace.
“Say it again,” he whispers, lips brushing against John’s. The air between them is warm and wet, exhales mixed with the salty ocean breeze.
The water tickles against John’s thighs as he sits there dumbly with his mouth hanging open. He doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry or take Sherlock by the shoulders and kiss every inch of his face, bit by bit. “You’re fucking serious?” he pants out.
I know that you care. That you feel strongly, as I do. But I do not think you should have told him that he would place last night. Or even this morning.”
Sam, to Watson: “Get him away from the edge, yeah? I’ll handle getting them back up with the patient. You make sure he’s alright.”
Johnny points an accusing finger at him, brow fiercely set, and Sherlock rises warily to his feet. It isn’t exactly the reaction he was expecting.
He knows that to most people this is what he was born to do. Or at least, meant to do ever since he picked up that sharpened red crayon and opened the stiff pages of an outdated water-damaged textbook. He looks out at the ocean and sees her secrets hovering over the waters. Sees her currents and forces, the whispers of her underbelly and the pull of the tides. It used to thrill him. The mental spark of muscle and adrenaline and physics coalescing into one bursting firework of action when he threw his board down into the waves – the possibility of winning in a challenge of man versus nature.
Greg stares at Sherlock, who looks like he’s about to either throw up or faint, barely standing upright through sheer force of will. Then he looks at John, who looks like his features have been carved from stone, and he feels his own soul break in two.
I make a pot of black coffee, standing in the dark in the kitchen, knowin’ where to find everything by the feel of my hands alone. The sky slowly grows grey, creeping into the shadows and corners around the house. I feel it caress my cheek, the back of my neck, the palms of my hands like a drifting ghost.
Sherlock’s hand reaches down below John’s cock to grab roughly at his balls, rolling them in the water between his fingers while the tip of one finger strokes lightly over John’s perineum, sending a burst tight, crackling heat up through to the tip of John’s aching cock.
Sherlock shuffles his feet in his flip flops for another fifteen minutes by the car, perfectly imagining every step John must be going through down at the competition. He can see the beach clearly in his mind – the crowds lounging across the already blazing hot shore, the canopies of palm leaves, the sea of surfboards all stacked and standing in the sand, waiting to be waxed, the cliques of surfers from all over the world standing in huddles with their beards and their long hair and their girlfriends hanging at their sides.
Sherlock drowns in it. Drowns in John inside him, and in front of him, and on top of him. John on his tongue, and down his throat, stretching his lips wide, dripping into his mouth.
