“I’ll heal in the time it takes us to get there” Cas insisted, more anger seeping into his tone than he intended.
Dean’s cheeks instantly colored at the blunt statement, hating how exposed he felt under the angel’s too familiar gaze. “You can’t just say shit like that!” He fumed, half embarrassed and half taken aback “And stop looking at me like that! You don’t even know me!”
“Um…” Sam closed the door, feeling like he should be freaking out, but finding that he was still feeling fuzzy and tired; like he’d been drugged. “Dean...Dean’s gone.”
As Dean flipped through the next few pages various other disturbing words jumped out at him where he could make them out.
“I don’t like it. The whole damn thing reeks.” Dean paused, looking away from the younger hunter, his eyes flickering around the middle space while he recalled the crime scene. “And shit Sam, I know we told you about it, but if you had seen what that toxic shit did to the plants, to the stone and the
The sound that came from Dean after that was a full-on, petulant groan. "I'm getting too old for this back to back shit, Sammy."
“Haziel was identified as the second angel to go missing later that same day.” Sam continued on, “She had been answering a summons to a personal heaven at the time but the resulting timeline is the same as the first; everything was on the up and up until every nearby angel sensed the same corrupted energy signature that had cropped up in the garden. An alarm was sounded, but by the time anyone got there to investigate there was no sign of Haziel or the soul that had inhabited the...uh...pocket heaven. Every single disappearance after that follows the same pattern. The victim is going about their duties, angels nearby get hit with the weird energy vibe, the victim is nowhere to be found and then the first angels to arrive at the scene are the next ones to disappear."
Sam briefly scanned down the rest article before huffing a disbelieving breath and turning the screen to face his brother. “Apparently the front windows of the motel lobby and every piece of electrical equipment in the place blew out all at once. Most of the footage on the tape was
“He was there,” Cas replied, his voice a dark rumble as he recalled the other angel’s voiceless words. “The other me.”
His reflection in the mirror wavered like rippling water before it dissipated completely, replaced by the image of a fire lit bedroom. Leaning further against the counter, the angel’s eyes instantly found the hunter on the bed in the middle of the image, sleeping soundly and seemingly unharmed. He breathed a sigh of relief at this small mercy before confusion filled him.
Castiel looked directly into his face then, his expression deeply sorrowful but also profoundly hopeful.
The room on the other side of the door was a large office of a modern style. Everything from the carpet, to a potted plant in the corner, leaves and all, was sleek stark white just like everything else they had encountered thus far. On the left, instead of another solid side of the room, there was a single massive pane of glass spanning the entire length of the wall giving the illusion of the room opening up into thin air. Beyond the glass looked to Dean to be a shifting mass of shimmering pastel colors, similar to clouds but more viscous. The rolling surface refracted light in a way that reminded him of an oil spill but it hurt his eyes to linger on, so he shifted instead to the matter at hand.
His eyes moved over the image with a new understanding and respect. The hunter was leaning forward over what appeared to be remnants of breakfast with his fork pointing warningly at the camera and cheek bulging as if he’d been trying to tell his little brother off through a mouthful.
"I demand to know what is going on this instant!" The young woman barked. Despite her willowy build, her tone left no room for argument. "You come into my home, you scare my mother half to death and then you flee from my living room like men possessed!"
Sure enough, when Dean poked his head around the door, his eyes immediately found Cas hunched over on the front most bench, head bowed and shoulders tense. Dean’s nose scrunched up involuntarily as he pushed himself further into the entry, taking the stone stairs down slowly. The air there was earthy and heavy with the odor of wet stone and minerals, but even here Dean could still see the faint shimmer of the smoke-like essence in the air. All around him was the consistent delicate echo of dripping water accompanied by the low hum of the pump far below the glass, but louder than either was the mournful euphony which Dean had followed there.
. Dean pressed his hot forehead into the crook of his forearm still propped against the glass, hiding his eyes as a nausea inducing sense of shame shook him to his core.
Both Sonia and Evan instantly turned matching shades of red and trained their eyes in every direction but at each other. Cas peered between everyone with what seemed to be a mixture of impatience and confusion, while Sam drew in a slow steadying breath through his nose to stave off the sudden reemergence of the awkward tension he had only just escaped.
The hunter’s head snapped to the side when his brother’s voice reached his ears. Without preamble, Dean shook off the prickle of apprehension that had seized him and withdrew his hand from the coin. With his attention elsewhere, the sensation dulled to a faint hum and he finally made a move to follow after his companions, trotting down the hall to make up for his delay.
“What?!” Sam was obviously just as shocked as he was. “But how did it find him? This place is warded against everything!”
Gretchen rolled her eyes back to Evan with an apathetic sigh, “It’s policy, Adams.” Evan’s entire face contorted when she popped another bubble at him for emphasis before turning back to address Sam. “So. Agent. I.D.?”
When his last step hit open air, Dean teetered back, arms flying out in an attempt to catch his balance as he stumbled over his own feet and fell,
After a while, he found himself in the garage tinkering under baby's hood but abandoned the project he’d had in mind after barely an hour of work when a misplaced finger was pinched in a place it shouldn’t have been and he nearly tore the offending piece of metal out of the engine to throw across the room. At the last minute, he’d turned away with a furious shout and kicked over the tool cart instead. The silence in the wake of the deafening crash of metal on concrete was interrupted by the hiss of a hitched breath through clenched teeth.
“Just now,” The hunter clarified, his arms slipping free from their contemplative fold, his hands smoothing over his jeans. “What were you saying?”
After such a long hiatus, I thought you guys deserved it.......nevermind that chapter six was actually going to be a rewrite of this chapter but then I just decided to make each part it's own chapter. WAHOO. Good times.
Absurdly, the angel flushed crimson, his eyes growing wide with understanding before he abruptly turned his back.
Unbeknownst to any of them, the deep shadow at the edges of the illuminated path created by the headlights watched them all.
He hesitated with his thumb over the call button knowing that he was only delaying the inevitable. With a sigh, he tapped the button and brought the phone to his ear, praying that tomorrow brought them together as he’d planned, but knowing in his heart that they’d most likely be separated for a while still.
As Dean pulled out of the lot and back onto the road, every pair of eyes inside the car scanned the surrounding tree lines, holding out for the chance that they might catch a glimpse of the missing angels, but as the site near the sandbox, there was no trace. Dean’s attention kept flickering between the road and the rearview to keep an eye on Cas, while Sam observed inconspicuously from the passenger seat.
“No.” Cas replied firmly before answering her previous question. “I know it's the same creature because we share the same energy signature. It's another angel.”
Normally the rapid-fire questions would have grated at his nerves, but this time they were making Dean’s head feel a little light and warm. Cas was clearly worried about him. It had been so long since either of them had felt anything other than animosity or disappointment with one another that he’d be lying if he said it wasn’t kind of...nice.
“I found him.” Cas replied, attempting to stand but finding that his left arm was useless, the shoulder having been the joint dislocated on impact with the wall. Jack was once again at his side, helping him up along with Sam. When he held up a hand to heal, Cas pushed it away with a shake of his head. “Save your strength.” He ordered, before nodding to Sam to take care of his shoulder.
“Indeed. I still wouldn’t rule out the possibility, but fifteen a day does seem like a steep number. If they had all been of the same mind as to flee Heaven, they would have had better odds going en masse.”
Sam fidgeted in the silence that followed his report, one hand jumping up to tuck his hair nervously behind his ear.
The pressure of emotion lodged in his chest; this was the Dean this other version of Cas had lost...
“Dean wait--!” Sam started, but his brother was already gone. The younger hunter sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose to stave off the headache he could feel creeping up behind his eyes.
Dean could feel the onset of an impending migraine pulse behind his eyes. He was too exhausted to be thinking down the ‘am I going crazy or is this some freaky angel shit’ rabbit hole and he wanted more than anything to shelve it for the time being, but his brain refused to cooperate.
Sam’s expression cracked just a bit at her almost maternal direction. “Alright,” He acquiesced. “You have my word.”
“Dean,” Castiel breathed his name into the space between them, the rasping sound just loud enough for his ears alone. Like before, the dual tones buzzed in Dean’s ears, but this time it was the pleading hum to it that caught him off guard. On the surface, Cas appeared as stoic as ever, but the twang of his true voice gave way his own distress over the newly revealed information. “We have more pressing things to focus on.”
“Yes.” The angel replied roughly, the single word saturated with such emotion it could have been a sob.
“--Slow.” Harut finished as though his companion hadn’t spoken. “This ill-mannered golem is my brother, Marut. Hannah has given us the task of being your escort for the duration of your stay here."
The drifter tensed, gritting his teeth in frustration for a moment before suddenly reaching into his jacket. The manager flinched away, expecting him to draw a weapon, but when the hand came back with only a slip of paper, he gulped a sigh of relief. The stranger slowly, almost reverently, unfolded it and flattened it against the sign-in page.
However, without the Mark as a buffer, his mind began to wander. As he beat away at the bag, he could feel his thoughts slipping back to what had happened.
Since the angel had pulled him out of hell he could always tune into Dean, but the hunter had quickly created a boundary that he studiously and viciously maintained. He did not like Cas in his head, and he had made it a point to be incredibly clear about it not happening ever under no circumstances baring imminent pain of death and even then only as a last resort.
Dean's body convulsed. He could only see red. There was a deafening ringing in his ears that muffled all the sound around him. He felt his heart stumble back to life at a breakneck pace, thumping painfully in his chest as he searched wildly around the room for his angel. Beyond the ringing he could just make out a furious desperate roar and didn’t realize it was his own until Sam was grabbing at him, trying to stop him from hurting himself in his frenzy.
“He knows.” Sonia replied easily, her gentle fingers blotting the moist cotton against his skin, cleaning where she could. “I promise you, Мой друг (my friend). Your love is plain in every gesture you make despite how you try to hide it. It makes me wonder why you bother.”
The stranger tilted his covered head to one side before finally reaching up to remove the helmet. As it came off, the manager was immediately pinned under the scrutiny of two piercing blue eyes, the right of which was marred by a single angry-looking vertical scar.
No. It was safe here. Dean had to believe Cas was safe here or he’d lose it. They had always been safe here. The bunker was warded against every supernatural creature in existence; angels, demons it didn’t matter.
For one horrible moment, Dean felt the same powerlessness he’d experienced while Michael had been in control of him. There had been no permission granted this time, nor black demon smoke jammed down his throat. This felt like
He’d barely packed that disturbing thought away before he was struck by another, equally as significant and stressful as the first; If he
“Freaky, right?” Gretchen piped up. Sam glanced up for the first time to find her face hovering over Hishov’s torso just a few inches away from his own, and immediately straightened up.
For a long moment tense silence stretched out between them, neither willing nor able to look the other in the face before Sam finally swallowed his discomfort and spoke up.
He blinked several times allowing his eyes to adjust to the low light, before reaching for the frame and delicately maneuvering it off the shelf so as not to dislodge the other contents. Once free, he stepped forward more into the light of the nook’s window and examined the photograph, his eyes widening as he took in the image.
The familiar squint and head tilt made the hunter's stomach flip with anticipation. "It's past midnight." He said, confused.
. A shudder passed over the hunter. Rolling his shoulders to shake it off, he clutched the coin firmly in his pocket, but it only seemed to intensify the sensation, rooting him to the spot like a live wire. Another flash of memory, seemingly out of nowhere, jerked through him in terrifyingly vivid snapshots.
With a sympathetic sigh, Sam finally relented, stepping closer to briefly clap a hand to his brother’s shoulder. “Look, all I’m saying is maybe it’s time to act out that ‘pillar of support’ roll we talked about, to make up for the ‘easily provoked’ part earlier? Just...go talk to him, Dean. What you say doesn’t really matter, but I’m sure your presence will mean a lot.”
An unexpected pang of sympathy struck at the hunter’s heart strings. “Yeah...uh, me too.” He forced himself to reply honestly despite how it made his skin crawl.
The creature stood in the center of the same sigil which had been at both crime scenes. Cas knelt facing the hunter, blood and yellow slime dripping from his eyes nose and mouth.
“Pactola lake and Deerfield lake,” Sam read out loud. “Both are near the center and remote enough for any reasonable civilization to be miles away.” He brought up both scenic and aerial views of the lakes and turned his laptop to show Cas.
If anyone were to ask, Dean Winchester would blame his next actions on friendly concern and sleep deprivation. He needed Cas to understand that, despite how terrifying it had been at the time, it was not an instance he regretted now.
A second later he was shouting to alert the hunter to the danger but didn’t make it to the end of his name before a terrible mouth full of needlepoint teeth opened in four horrifying sections and spat some sort of fluid into his face. He stumbled backward, crashing into the dresser on the other side of the room, pain like he’d never felt before searing into his eyes and throat. It not only blinded and gagged him on this physical plane, but it seeped into his grace like an ethereal venom, forcing it to retract into his core. He could only cough fruitlessly and wheeze around the burn.
A handful of other instances flickered through his mind, proving that it might not be as unreasonable as he initially thought, but that didn’t change the fact that he was a fucking
With his face burning, Dean hopped up from the bench with no other obvious reason than to escape their proximity. He tried to cover this by stretching his back and rolling his shoulders, but as he turned back to face his friend he knew it was a transparent attempt.
Dean cracked his eyes open to squint into the darkness of his room, before exhaling in a long sigh a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. Mercifully, a bit of tension seeped out of his shoulders. Rolling said shoulders, the hunter then flopped moodily onto his back, one arm stretched haphazardly across the mattress while the other was bent and draped across his forehead. He felt ridiculous for hiding his face even though there was no one around to see it beat red after the private personal admission. After a moment, he lowered the arm to rest over his stomach, his eyes still closed, taking stock.
“We’ll figure this out,” Dean told him gently, desperately trying to keep the mounting dread out of his voice, “We’ll get them back. But right now, we need to get you out of here.”
“Enough!” The angel roared, the flash of grace erupting from him so sudden and powerful, that every single bulb in the garage burst at once. Dean felt the energy like a physical blow, his entire body flying back into the brick wall behind him.
“Hold up." Dean interrupted, addressing Sam when he finally found his voice. He stood up from his chair, pressing his knuckles into the table as he leaned over the phone with intent. “Didn’t Hannah say all her angels were accounted for in Heaven?”
“Nothing to be sorry about.” He assured the angel in response to his earlier apology. “Not your fault I couldn’t understand angel-speak back then. Besides, this-” He gestured between them to indicate their shared experience, “-is kinda cool. It’s like a secret code; something just between us.”
The angel went rigid, and Sam swore he saw his face darken just a tinge before he nodded in affirmation. “Yes. He called at 12:13 AM to let me know about the case in Scottsbluff.”
Harut watched him intently as he worked through the implications but made no comment. Similarly, Castiel gave no outward indication as to his suspicions but managed to frame his next question as a natural follow up to his previous statement. “So a biological creature produced this toxin that can incapacitate an angel. That doesn’t explain how it got here or where it is now.”
Dean blinked at the single letter signed at the bottom as he tried to come to terms with what he’d just read. He had a strong foreboding feeling about what ‘strained beginnings’ meant but he couldn’t for the life of him understand
So far he’d been able to guess the hunter’s physiologic state at a glance. How the hell was he going to explain this?
Cas lifted his eyes to level the younger Winchester with an intense expression, “She believes I’m the killer,” He told them.
Dean slowly leaned around the corner, holding his breath as his eyes fell on a man situated in front of a gleaming stainless steel stove on the other side of the spacious kitchen.
Yet, for the first time, likely since they had met in the barn all those years ago, Dean was struck by what that actually meant. So far as he had interacted with him, Cas had been on human turf; the real physical world where everything they ‘perceived’ was solid and familiar. Cas was Cas, the blue-eyed human-ish guy in the tax accountant getup, but Cas was also Castiel, a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. Never before had he wondered about how Cas perceived the world because to Dean, at least for the majority of the time down in their ‘lower dimension’, Cas was just a weird little dude who occasionally glowed with sexy angelic power.
“I hope it goes without saying that all of the supernatural stuff has to stay between us.” Sam commented.
Another wave of feverish heat flooded through the hunter, contradicting the bizarre apprehension that seized his gut. He’d given that amulet to Cas in this reality as well, but that had been a mechanical necessity. There was something about
Dean watched him carefully as the angel took a step toward him, searching for any hint of deception when he caught sight of the leather cord from the photo. The familiar shape of the amulet was there at the end but it was what hung next to it, over the angel’s heart, that captured his attention. His eyes stuck to the unexpected sight of a silver ring hanging there as well before he panicked and looked anywhere else.
Sam let out a sigh as he shut the trunk, turning to face his brother directly as he hauled one bag over his shoulder while the other hung from his fist, ready to hand over.
“They have no reason to lie.” Hannah snapped back, “Besides, the evidence suggests that they were taken, and I doubt angels with such intentions as your describing would go through the trouble of faking identical crime scenes.”
“Dean, please.” The angel coaxed the way Cas would when the hunter was being unnecessarily difficult. “You’re reacting emotionally because you’re depleted. If you just--”
It was no secret that Dean wasn’t exactly Hannah’s biggest fan, but he did feel guilty about the escalation and he wasn’t about to let Sam go on thinking it had just been him throwing his ego around to try and get a rise out of a few angels. He told him as much.
a little curious, but what’s more, he wasn’t about to let more people die on his account and Sam knew it, the bastard. With a long-suffering sigh, Dean finally acquiesced, “Alright fine. We’ll check it out, but--” He paused for effect, jabbing a finger in his brother’s direction, “--if it turns out to not be our thing, we go
ask. You guys have had your differences, you’ve beaten the crap out of each other more times than I can count, but he always comes back to
He paused in front of the mirror, peering at the blurred outline of himself obscured by fogged glass. Leaning on his palms over one of the sinks, the hunter took a moment to steel his nerves. He felt exhausted and hollowed out. His skin still crawled from the act, but it was more than feeling embarrassed or even ashamed.
After Briggs hung up, Sam addressed him again. “Sheriff, earlier you mentioned that this wasn’t the first death of its kind; how many have there been?”
Evan straightened up, clearly responding to Castiel’s command. “Yessir,” He stated, “I’ll lead the way.”
The memory of Cas speaking Enochian with Sam floated up in Dean’s mind, along with the ghost of sensations that had accompanied it. He swallowed hard before manning up and meeting his friend’s eyes. If they were going to have this talk, he would at least give Cas his full attention.
Later, on his way to refill his coffee cup and grab some sort of sustenance from the kitchen, Sam found his brother curled around himself on the couch of their makeshift movie room with reruns of Star Trek playing quietly in the background. He observed Dean’s bandaged knuckles, tightly crossed arms and furrowed brow from the doorway, his heart sinking.
“He was unharmed.” He assured the young man with a pat on the back of the hand still clasped over his forearm. Jack gave him a small smile and nod before stepping away.
The drifter turned away before pausing a moment to stoop and pick up the photo which had been swept off the counter to the ground in all the commotion. With a gentleness that didn’t seem possible in light of the act he’d just committed, he refolded the delicate material and tucked it safely back into his inner jacket pocket. Then he redonned his discarded helmet and stepped back across the dark lobby, glass crunching beneath his heavy black boots.
Cas’s face contorted in anguished frustration as he turned to face his friend, “No.” He growled, voice wavering with emotion. “No, it’s just like the other. There is no trace; they are just...gone.”
I tried introducing a new place in the Bunker in this chapter, I hope it makes sense. I read a lot of fics where Cas gets his own bedroom, or he roams the halls at night, but for some reason, I really liked the idea of him taking over a place in the bunker that the boys never really hung around in; a place that was pretty much his that was cooler than a simple bedroom. I figured a chapel would be a good fit for an angel. Good lord, I hope the layout makes some sense.
Then, quite unexpectedly, the fluorescent light at the end of the hall flickered once. It was only for the briefest moment, but Dean could have sworn that the momentary shadow had been a solid mass.
Without further ado, he began to ease himself down the stairs, the candle holder raised and ready to strike should someone or something surprise him.
“--However,” She continued as if he hadn’t spoken, “Our preliminary investigation revealed that, aside from those who have gone missing, all of the angels in my charge are accounted for and they assure me that none their missing brethren had been of the mindset that you’re suggesting.”
Briggs stood as well, and took Sam’s outstretched hand once again, giving it a firm shake. “Anytime, agent. Now, forgive me for saying so, but may our paths never cross again.”
Cas reached for Sam once again, this time leaving his fingers hovering over the hunter’s skin instead of touching, his grace glowing sun bright for a few seconds before pulling away. Sam blinked the light induced spots from his vision, relief washing over him as the fog finally lifted and he felt more alert.
“Me’n my partner, yeah.” Evan replied shakily, “It was Sonia--er--Miss Ivanovna--who called it in. Her mother was in hysterics in the background, but she spoke quiet and calm. She’s been like that ever since I’ve known her; I swear nothing ever ruffles that girl’s bonnet.”
“Why the hell would we help her?” Dean spat back harsher than was really necessary, but the Mark had ignited when he’d chosen to roll with the anger thing, so he couldn’t have backed down even if he’d wanted. “I thought she hated our guts for, what was it she said--? Oh yeah, ‘ruining your judgment’.”
“Safe?” Dean parroted in outrage. “You impersonated my friend, tricked me with that ‘I miss you’ crap and
They made for the Impala, keeping their eyes trained on the darkest parts of the shadows, prepared for a fight in the event one arose but for time being all seemed quiet. They piled in, Cas slumping heavily into the backseat while Sam took his customary shotgun. The car was silent save for a faint metallic jingle as Dean fumbled around with the keys. Cas could feel the sickly twisted energy radiating from the sigil in the park much more vibrantly than he what had felt from the scene in a Heaven despite his best efforts to keep his grace tightly coiled close to himself, and it made his stomach twist with nausea. When Dean finally turned the key in the ignition and began backing out of the space, Cas let his forehead fall against the soothing coolness of the window.
Sam’s face fell as the guilt slammed into him, “...yes, we think so.” he affirmed through a clenched jaw.
Dean seemed to be the only one who saw the raw anguish that shadowed the vibrant blue of the angel’s eyes. Somewhere in the distance, a muffled sound like fracturing ice or a clap of thunder was the only indication he was given before Dean was suddenly awash an intensely cold pressure pressing in on him from every direction; not unlike plunging into the depths of frigid water. Dean couldn’t help but stare. The sensation was rolling off of Cas in waves, but as Dean glanced around the room, no one else gave away any indication that they had felt it too...
, because in the next breath the hunter was staring at open air where there had been a man less than a second ago. For a moment Dean stood dumbstruck, his fist and the blade still poised as they had been before he gave a loud frustrated growl and whipped around to inspect the space around him.
He trudged on, ignoring the pull in his chest connected to that sound. Heat rushed to his face, the image of the ‘almost kiss’ bubbling to the surface of his mind despite his attempts to squash it. He doubled his pace, scrambling down the hall to put some much-needed distance between them as if he could outrun the thought if he moved fast enough. It was just a lapse in judgment. They were both dead tired and on edge. Cas hadn't even reacted. He probably hadn't even realized what happened--NOT that anything had happened.
“Do you have anything else?” Sam asked earnestly, and Dean could tell he was trying to keep his voice even so as not to alarm her.
The hot water cascaded over his head in a noisy torrent that blocked out the outside world and he couldn’t stop the shuddering sigh which escaped him as suds slid over his shoulders, down the curve of his back and hips, and along his calves to swirl around his feet. He splayed his palms against the wall in front of him, closing his eyes as the tight coil of emotion in his chest finally snapped.
“It was my grace.” Cas confessed immediately, his back ramrod straight and his hands raised in a placative gesture, “I told you before that angels can reach out with their grace to examine something. That is all I was doing. I am sorry, I shouldn’t have done it without warning you.”
Dean’s eyes kept coming back to the scars. “Who are you?” he growled low, needing information but not willing to give an inch.
Sam hadn’t realized he’d been ranting for the better part of a few minutes until he caught sight of the utter panic and dread on his brother’s face. It was a testament to his current state of worry for the angel in question that he hadn’t bolted from the room yet in utter humiliation. His body was rigid, his hands shoved deep into his pockets, but despite looking as though he were about to bow for the executioner’s block, he kept slightly over wide eyes on his little brother.
He hesitated for a moment, his hand lingering on the supple softness beneath Dean’s eye before moving forward to place a chaste kiss to his sleep soft lips.
. You said the Mark corrupted him, that he lost himself. You freaked out that I’m cured of being a demon, so obviously, you couldn’t cure him. But you couldn’t keep your fucking promise, could you? You wouldn’t put him out of his fucking misery!”
Contained within it was a vast pocket of fresh groundwater which was laid over with thick heavy-duty lead glass that now served a floor for what had been built atop it. Somewhere deep in its obsidian depths was a pump whose presence was given away only by a deep whirring hum which blended into the background noise of dripping water and the faint oceanic whirl kids listened to in seashells. That single pump, presumably running on the same magical energy as the rest of the bunker, fed holy water into the main water tank to which every pipe in the bunker was connected.
“Uh...wait. Wait, hold on.” Sam dropped onto the nearest bed, his shoulders slumping. “Something’s...something’s not right. I’m having trouble thinking straight…”
Entirely sidestepping the fact that he’d just thought the word 'sexy’ in reference to his best friend, Dean let himself wonder about the real Castiel, the one he’d never seen who was supposedly the size of the Chrysler Building.
With a hand that trembled only slightly, he reached out to his best friend and lifted his chin with gentle fingers. It was a testament to Cas’s own exhaustion that he didn’t show any sign that the gesture had caught him off guard or taken him by surprise. He very simply followed Dean’s lead; tipping his head back and blinked once slowly before he found the hunter’s eyes as Dean’s hand slid down until he grasped the back of the angel’s neck, the soft curls there tickling his fingers.
Another sigh was accompanied by a mild bitch face. “You’re not fine Dean. You’ve been on the same page of that lore book for the past hour because you haven’t been able to sit still long enough to get any reading done.”
With a frustrated sigh, Cas reached for the handle of the passenger side door when a sudden prayer so loud and desperate hit him from out of the blue hard enough to bring him to his knees.
“So we agree then?” He asked, his expression anxious as the earlier adrenaline began to ebb and suffocating worry began to sink it’s claws into him. “We go check out this Victor Hishov guy, and see if something really was following us?”
His throat constricted with emotion and it took Sonia’s faint cooing of , “Все в порядке, мой друг, я здесь. (It’s okay, my friend, I am here.)” and her gentle caressing fingers in his hair to realize he was crying. He brought a stunned hand to his face to swipe at the tears slipping over his cheeks before the swelling pressure in his chest finally burst, his breath hitching as the first sob broke free.
Castiel is the first to move, stepping aside to allow the escorting angels to take the lead before falling in easily behind them. Sighing through his nose, Sam met his brother’s eyes with a slightly bewildered expression before offering an impassive shrug and turned to follow after Cas. For his part, Dean shoved his hands back into his pockets and took a moment to catalog his immediate surroundings one last time. His eyes scanned down the seemingly infinite expanse of hallway in the opposite direction before flitting back to the ‘door’ they had all stepped out of--number forty-two. He scowled at the number, his brain still having some trouble wrapping around exactly how he had gone from sandbox to doorway.
The issuing struggle was short lived, the angel easily overpowered him, bringing him in intimately close and pinning Dean’s arms to his sides while pressing their bodies together with one arm. With his free hand he reverently caressed the hunter’s cheek.
.For a split second, all of his racing thoughts stilled and went quiet, before the simple truth, whose seeds had taken root long before the hunter had ever realized what they were, finally bloomed in its entirety for the first time.
Dropping his voice, he said, “Guess it’s a fan favorite. I used to make it for Sam when he was a kid; perfected it. I take it your Dean was a whiz in the kitchen too?”
“And everything since then?” Dean demanded, “You told us that your true voice, or whatever, could bleed through the holy language, but unless Sam has gotten really good at understanding that crap, then you weren’t speaking that the entire time! So what gives with the thunder and the singing and the bells?”
“No way.” Sam said at once, closing his laptop with a firm click. “Look, we appreciate all your help so far, but there is no way we are bringing civilians into a fight with a hyper powerful angel. He’s already proven he can kill without discretion. It’s too dangerous.”
Cas was old as dirt. He’d seen shit Dean could only imagine and probably a fair amount that he couldn’t. For the angel to not have a clue what was behind this--for any of them not to have a clue for that matter--was messed up on a whole new level. What was worse though, what really had Dean’s stomach twisting in knots, was the fact that Castiel, ‘I raised you from predation’, ‘I rebelled against heaven, smiter of demons and monsters, Angel of the freaking Lord, was completely and utterly shaken to his very core by the whole god damned situation.
“Did you mean it?.” The hunter asked, earning him a confused tilt of the angel’s head. “What you said about...love?”
Both brothers startled at the sudden interruption, but Dean recovered quicker. He hopped up to get to the phone in his pocket, banging his injured knuckles against the underside of the table in his haste to dig it out. Pain splintered clear up to his elbow as he fumbled clumsily with the other hand, reaching awkwardly across himself to retrieve the phone with a hissed explicative. His blood hammered wildly in his ears.
Calmer now that he seemed to be in the clear, Dean met the angel’s eyes to seal the deal. “Look, I know we started off kinda bad earlier but now that I’ve had some time, I wanted to...uh...start over.”
Dean felt the absurd need to cover himself with his hands which he promptly ignored in favor of sizing the other man up as well. The clothing the angel wore defined his edges differently than the straight stocky trench coat the hunter was used to. It gave him an air of casual confidence and ease that reminded Dean more of himself than the Castiel he knew.
“I don’t have it anymore,” Dean replied, turning back around fully now to address the angel at a significantly larger distance.
“Is this...?” Dean heard himself asking, heat flushing over his cheeks at the raw wonder he could pick out in his own voice.
This Cas had definitely been doing his homework. From the first cursory glance, they appeared to be some sort of logs, using the tome as a referential if the similar shorthand in the margins of the open pages were any indication.
The dull pounding in his head erupted into white-hot splinters of glass behind his eyes. He gasped but found the air he took in felt like needlepoint barbs raking down his throat from within. His entire body convulsed before he pitched forward, an alarmed shout forced out of him as he thudded heavily onto the floor. Blind despite his eyes being open wide and unable to get a full breath, Dean thrashed around on the rug with his hands pressed against his temples in a brutal vice as though his head might split in two if he didn’t hold it together.
The silence after the final outburst was heavy while Sam stared at his brother, completely taken aback, but before he had a chance to say anything, Dean was already stalking around the driver's side. He wrenched the door open without another word and practically threw himself inside. Sam stood stupified for another moment before climbing in shotgun. He set his case gingerly down by his feet for easy access, carefully quiet while the impala rumbled to life and Dean was made a three-point turn before driving out onto the gravel road. The silence between them was uncomfortably tense. Dean’s hands gripped the steering wheel so tightly it must have hurt his knuckles, but Sam decided that mentioning this was probably not the wisest. Instead, he just leaned back in his seat and stared out the window.
The voice was a familiar one and he tried to focus on it. He felt gentle fingers thread through the cropped hair above his left ear before his body jerked involuntarily away as sharp pain spidered out from his temple. It was quickly chased away by the hot-cold sensation of grace and Dean’s face contorted as the angelic energy began knitting the split skin back together.
“I am too.” Sam told him honestly, “He’s a mess right now, but can you blame him? Whatever this thing is, it’s targeting angels. It could target him if he goes out searching for it, but sitting on his hands here makes him feel useless.” He took a breath and met his brother’s eyes, praying that the next words came out as a natural transition, beyond aware that his older brother would be perceptive enough to pick out any hint of coercion. “We both know that feeling Dean; angry, guilty, restless, but unlike me, he actually listens to you.”
The pair fell into step,  once again trailing behind their assigned escort, this time en route to the scene of the first disappearance. It wasn‘t as far a trek as it had been to Hannah’s office and before long they were being ushered through another white door. Dean staggered a bit when this one opened up into a vast garden which stretched out in every direction as far as his eyes could see. Above him, the sky seemed to have the same pearlescent quality as the clouds outside of Hannah’s window, and the hunter had to shield his eyes from it to see with any success. The air was saturated with the scents of a thousand different types of flowers and, though he would never admit it to another living soul, the hunter felt a nearly immutable desire to run off the white stone path and frolick through them--naked.
He was barely holding on, just managing to catch a glimpse of the surrounding forest and lake before he was abruptly overpowered; the intensity of it exploding outward, shattering the mirror and swatting him backward like an insect.
“Uh, yeah. Sorry, Jody.” Sam replied haltingly. “This is going to sound nuts, but I think what we were working on might be linked.”
Sam detected more than a hint of awestruck affection, but he didn’t comment. Instead he asked, “What can you tell me about Mrs. Ivanovna and her daughter’s relationship to Mr. Hishov? Would they have any reason to exaggerate or lie about any of the details they told police?”
"Overwhelming." Cas finished for him. "Your brother is an integral part of our lives. He hasn't been lost in the wind like this since the mark--"
While Jack helped Cas sit as gently as he could in the single armchair available in the living room, Sam set to work looking for the lake the angel had seen in the mirror.
“--later it became so much more profound. It was more than a temporary suture. My essence within his soul created a bond; a channel which essentially...connected us.”
“Hello, uh, Miss Ivanovna?” Sam greeted her, reaching inside his jacket for his badge, but she lifted a hand to stop him.
To start with, he’d been brought back from the dead. Awesome but also a fuck of an adjustment considering he’d just come out of a forty-year stint in hell, not to mention he’d had clawed his way out of his own grave. Another impulse to wince was squashed but he couldn’t control the tension in his jaw and felt the muscle beneath his ear jump.  To say that he hadn’t been running on all cylinders was an understatement. Yet, despite everything that had been threatening to tear apart his sanity at the time, it had been that voice which had snapped him out of it. The shrill, piercing shriek had been like the screech of feedback from a microphone, but so much more.
The hunter’s brow furrowed and for a heart-stopping moment Castiel thought he’d been caught, but Dean’s eyes remain closed. His muscles rippled and tensed, his legs shifted just slightly, his head turned further into the pillow. Castiel could sense the tension, he could hear the hunter’s increased heart rate, he could visibly see the shift of emotion across his features but the angel was rooted to his spot unable to do anything but watch the expanse of exposed skin move as the hunter dreamed.
The words only proved to make it worse, but Sam’s hold was like iron. Dean tore at his brother's shirt, at once pulling him in and trying to shove him off. It took a few frantic minutes but eventually, the older hunter relented, slumping against his little brother as his knees finally gave out.
The same sigil they had found in heaven encircled the entire play structure directly in front of them, the liquid grace still glossy and moist. The structure itself was half destroyed, some places bent and broken as if from heavy impact while others appeared melted away to dripping pillars and pools of metal and plastic sludge. Three silver puddles of molten metal caught the light of the single buzzing street lamp.  Several vee’s of toxic spray still wet from discharge arched across the ground; the thing had given chase. All around them, steam still ebbed into the cool night air now stained with the noxious stench of the toxin and the unmistakable scent ozone.
Sam visibly rolled his eyes but seemed satisfied with the compromise. “Fine.” He replied testily, before leveling his brother with a smug knowing look, “Sorry if this ruined your plans with Cas.”
“Big deal. All you proved is that you’re part of the fucking god squad.” Dean retorted hotly, but he was no longer as sure as he had been and it was audible in his voice.
“Uh--” Sam was taken aback by the overly loud response. “My partner is going to meet me back at the station so we should get going. ”
Thank you to everyone who forgave my trickery and gave some love to my artwork in the previous chapter! Along with this REAL update, I am also adding some artwork to PART 2, so please check it out once you finish with this new bit!
Sam was sleeping and snoring lightly which eased a bit of the tension out of Castiel’s posture. He couldn’t help the brief twitch at the corner of his mouth a the sight. With a final cursory glance around the room, the angel stepped back and closed the door as silently as he’d opened it before releasing a sigh of relief. He looked at the blade in his hand for a long moment before sheathing it once again and making his way toward Dean’s door.
. In an instant the demon surged forward, taking Castiel by the throat, digging his thumb into his pulse point.
Something desperate and dangerous glistened in the depths of those deep blue orbs, rendering Dean completely speechless for the sheer magnitude of it.
The men who had built the bunker had been smart about its construction. They had made it completely self-sustaining in almost every way, from the magical energy source powering all of the circuitry, to the equally magical warding that kept them invisible and safe from every known baddie in the books. So it hadn’t been a surprise to find the underground grotto during their initial exploration of the Bunker.
. He ordered, his voice flanging a dual tone of the voice he knew and something deep and dark and terrible.
Cas thought back to their conversation, replaying it over in his mind, searching for any indication that Dean had been manipulated or under duress of any sort. In the end, it was the personal nature of their dialogue that convinced him.
The angel caught himself against the side of the pew, his grip hard enough to make the wood squeal and groan in protest. His heart gave a painful jolt as his pulse spiked, his ears and cheeks burning. His breathing was labored as he tried to focus passed the heat pooling low in his stomach and almost succeeded until a very familiar and very clear voice rang out inside his head;
“I’m fine.” Cas snapped in a manner that was more Dean-like than Sam had ever heard from him, before the angel’s face softened just a bit and added, “Thank you for asking.”
The silent plea pulsed through his grace before he could stop it and their eyes locked as they both realized what had happened at the same time.
So for some reason in this chapter my brain malfunctioned and I wrote 'Sophia' when the character's name is actually 'Sonia', so fixed that. Jeez >_<
Further inspection revealed that the hunter laid unnaturally still in his slumber. Dean was often plagued by nightmares, but even when he was not dreaming, he often slept fitfully, tossing and turning and twisting sheets and blankets around himself. His stillness now made it clear that he had been put to sleep, just as Sam had been previously.
“I--” Cas faltered,  caught off guard by the direct question. He felt sudden sympathy for Evan over Jack’s earlier exclamation about his attraction to this girl. Apprehension flared low in the pit of his belly. He knew she would catch a lie in an instant, but setting that aside, he found that he didn’t
“What happened?” She repeated Evan’s earlier question, her voice awestruck by the state of the room.
Once the dark clad angel blinked out of existence, all the accumulated tension his presence brought with it left Dean at once and he sagged heavily against the counter feeling light headed and a bit ill.
Kicked out of the library, for the time being, Dean tried to find something useful to do. He avoided his own room and the map room like the plague, the memories and physical evidence of the terrible things that had happened still too fresh to linger in them. Sam had collected some of the toxin to archive and study, but everything it had touched was left scarred. The scenes were otherwise left as they were; devastated and bloody.
“Such as I suspected.” Sonia replied matter of factly, “Now do the sensible thing and come up with a plan. We now know the approximate location, but we also know that this angel will now be expecting you to rush in for a rescue. Despite your many differences, you are both still the same person. What would you do to prevent an assault on your fortress, to protect your love?”
“Here’s that file for you Agent Scholtz and--Oh!” He touched a finger to his hat and nodded in Cas’s direction. “--forgive me, I didn’t catch your name, Agent…?”
After taking a moment to collect himself, Dean shrugged off his brother’s hands and made to stand. Sam followed suit, ready to catch him if he became unsteady again, but Dean waved him off. He seemed to be alright physically but his stiff posture betrayed how shaken he truly was. When the older hunter didn’t reply, Sam prompted him with a firmer and far more worried tone.
Carefully avoiding the trail of fluids with his bare feet, Dean made his way quickly out into the darkened hall, shouting for Cas the whole time. Sam, illuminated by the flashing red lights of the alarm, met him at the corner, his own gun out and at the ready. Dean doesn’t stop and they keep moving through the bunker together.
After breakfast, the spilled coffee, and then the tone of the note, it was obvious that the guy was eager to please him despite his refusal to cooperate. He thought about the last paragraph of the note. A meal for a meal; a show of trust. After all, relationships were built on reciprocation.
“I would anticipate Dean’s attempts to reach out or escape.” Cas went on, thinking more like a tactician now, “ Restraints and force will not work on him; he would only fight that much harder.” Anger swelled within him, his hand twisting into a fist against the arm of the chair. “We should anticipate that Dean will be under some sort of influence.”
Once again, Dean fell heavily onto his bed and pressed his face into his pillow, but this time he was out cold within minutes of closing his eyes and silence fell over the bunker.
“Wait, this has shit has happened before?” Dean squawked. He cast a betrayed glare at Cas. “What the hell Cas, you told me you’d never seen this!”
Then the dark silhouette of his friend moved forward and Dean was suddenly swept up in a tight, desperate embrace. He went completely rigid, heat prickling up the back of his neck and over his entire face. Cas pressed the entire length of his torso up against Dean’s. The hunter’s brain completely short-circuited when he felt Cas press his face into the crook of his neck, hot breath tickling the hollow of his throat.
By the time they hit the highway, Sam had nodded off against the window and Dean was pushing Baby up over ninety. Though he was tired, his attention never wavered from the path his headlights illuminated on the darkened blacktop. It would be just eight measly hours before they arrived and finally got some answers as to what the hell was going on.
"You…" Dean hissed in disbelief, backing away from the angel who seemed to pick up that there was something seriously wrong now if his panicked expression was anything to go by.
After a brief discussion about their mutual connection to the Men of Letters and a promise to explore it more in depth, the conversation turned to potential plans of action. While Jack hadn't been able to sense any angelic energy signatures in the area that Dean's prayer had originated, it was still their best starting point.
After the initial fury at the fucking audacity of this guy faded to a dull simmer, the hunter began to make a plan. The blank spots in his memory were stark and ill hidden; he’d had his head messed with enough times now to know a rush job when he saw one. The angel was desperate and sloppy which prompted the question; why?
“Freaky, right?” She said with a knowing look at Sam’s stunned expression. “It’s like a brand. Dr. Mathews thinks it's some sort of calling card because handprints like this were found on some other bodies east of here.”
Sometime afterward, he wasn’t sure exactly when it started, it turned out that Cas didn’t even have to be there for Dean to think such things about him. In fact, it became a daily occurrence that the angel would pop into his mind with words like those swirling around him but Dean ignored it, for the most part, pretending it was normal for a guy to casually think his best friend was attractive, charming or...tempting...and stowed away any form of objection to the contrary.
The more he read, the faster his heart began to beat until he finally dropped the journal back on the desk, his breathing ragged. That’s when a separate sheet at the corner of the work space caught his eye. It was half hidden under the tome but as he pulled it out, the difference was stark. This page was crisp, new and the handwriting was clear.
So Dean did what he did best; he pushed it down and locked it away despite how his exposed skin crawled against the open air in the room around him. With the decision made, Dean dressed in jeans and a khaki tee, and hastily pulled on a blue grey checkered flannel as he shouldered out the bathroom door.
The angel bowed his head, feeling whip-lashed and overwhelmed as they both pretended not to feel his longing.
“Sixty?!” He barked incredulously, surging up from his chair to pin her with an intense glare, his fingers curled into tight fists at his sides. Dean could swear he felt electricity crackle through the air. “Why the hell have you only just now contacted me?”
The hand on Castiel’s airway slid around to twist claw-like fingers up into the thick dark hair at the back of his skull hard enough to draw a pained yelped from the angel, wrenching his head back and exposing his bruised throat. Full lips and wet tongue molded over the thick cord of muscle straining against the hold while teeth filed to unforgivingly sharp points left vicious marks in their wake.
The first was uneventful; just another smaller bathroom that the hunter gave a quick once over before shutting the door and moving on. The other was more intriguing. As he opened up the middle door, he walked directly into an odorous wall of dust and aged paper. It reminded him so much of the basement in the bunker that he had to take stock of the room to ensure it
Despite their weighty discussion, Dean instantly regretted not grabbing the angel blade as the other man drew in near, but before he could think about maneuvering to defend himself, the angel was kneeling in front of him, patting down the rapidly cooling coffee pooling around his feet, before running it up his shins and over his thighs to catch what still ran off his skin in warm rivulets.
The vivid image of Cas stumbling into the hallway covered in that yellow toxic sludge flashed across his mind and his hands unconsciously twisted into fists in response.
A slip of plain white stationary stained gold in the firelight stood steepled on the unused pillow next to his own, the letters of his name spelled out on its front in elegant deep blue ink. Something about it set off alarm bells, a sudden spike of adrenaline making his heart skip but with his mind still in a haze of sleep, he shook it off and plucked the paper from its perch.
Dean shook himself out of his own head, focusing back to the present with an acknowledging grunt in his brother’s direction. Sam was peering at his open laptop with a perturbed expression.
Dean hauled himself upright, groaning and squinting at the fire, his head swimming so much with each dizzying flicker he had to look away. With a tremendous effort, he turned the blankets over and dragged first one leg, then the other, over the edge of the bed. He made it as far as getting his feet on the ground when the faint sound of crinkling paper drew his attention to the other side of the bed.
“No offense Agent, but I only have so much information regarding other cities' cases.” Briggs told him firmly. “Maybe your colleagues assigned there could tell you more.”
Castiel turned his head to peer out the window, unresponsive, while the apparition prowled closer, every inch of him predatory and ready to pounce. When it looked as though the angel would stay put this time, he saddled up next to him on the arm rest and leaned in close enough to be considered intimate without touching him.
Floundering for a way to break the ice this time, Dean’s eyes darted around the immediate area for anything of note before falling on the bike.
The partial shout had woke Dean first, but it was the crash of something in his room that propelled him into a sitting position, the gun under his pillow drawn and aimed in the dark but he froze instantly in terror at the sight of the creature hovering over his bed.
Sonia considered this for a moment before glancing at Jack, “Then if what he said is true and you were here before... this angel was searching for your brother when it killed Viktor.”
A soft clatter of noise from somewhere else in the house caught the hunter’s attention and he jerked away from the window to eye the door across the room. He was struck once again by the smell of coffee and bacon and his stomach growled despite himself.
“Gretchen!” Evan hissed, more offended for Sam than the hunter was for himself, “I’m here escorting him, he’s obviously legitimate.”
Loud words were heard in the back most office before the young officer scampered back out into the station proper and waved Sam over. The hunter quickly strode between the desks to meet him.
He felt like he needed to fight or--NOPE. He cut that thought off at the knees before it could even fully form.
“Дорогой Господь на небесах!(Dear Lord in Heaven!)” She screamed when she finally found her voice, repeatedly crossing herself with trembling hands. “Это он, это он! (It’s him, it’s him!)”
While Sam set about collecting information from Hannah, Cas excused himself and Dean back out into the hallway. He could both sense and visibly see some of the tension leave Dean’s shoulders which in turn helped ease his own. Dean took advantage of the momentary privacy to lean up against a doorless section of the hallway and scrub his hands over his face to clear his head.
The vague answer only seemed to further enrage the attacker, his grip around the manager’s throat tightening impossibly, slowly squeezing the life out of him. The manager sputtered around the blood pooling in his mouth and dribbling from his lips. Overhead the storm raged into a climactic cacophony, the windows behind them blowing out with an earth-shattering clap of thunder echoed by the harsh howl of high winds and raucous pelting of rain. The lights and electrical equipment around them flickered erratically before bursting all at once, sending shards of glass and arcs of electricity raining wildly down around them.
“It would be wise of you to keep your hand away from that shotgun.” The stranger warned without breaking eye contact.
The water cascading around him began to run cooler and lighter before shutting itself off altogether, leaving him kneeling and dripping and trembling on the slick tile floor. The stark silence left in the wake of the water was deafening, interrupted only by Dean’s own uneven breathing.
The word echoed in the hunter’s head as he recalled all the log entries with the words ‘failed’ and ‘rejected’ scribbled in blue ink.
“Bitch,” Dean muttered, eyeing Cas’s beige coated back as the angel stepped through the swirling light.
Dean stood there for a long moment, glaring at the overturned cart before swallowing thickly and kneeling to clean it up. After a few tense minutes of gathering all of the scattered materials, the hunter righted the cart. He leaned over it and braced himself on the sides in an attempt to compose himself, but his grip remained white-knuckled against the red metal. Not trusting himself to keep it together, he abandoned the garage for the gym.
With a final nod, Jack moved away toward the back driver’s side door. Sam met Cas’s eyes over the roof as the angel  made his way around to the passenger door.
Across from him a large picture window with tastefully drawn sheer curtains looked out over an unfamiliar forested landscape. Suddenly awake and alert, Dean threw the blanket back, disentangled himself from the sheets, and sat bolt upright, his heart jackhammering in his chest. The chill outside the warm cocoon of the comforter was enough to raise goosebumps on his skin, and he looked down for the first time to find that he was still clad only in the thin black undershirt and pair of boxer briefs he’d worn to bed.
“Another angel?!” Evan stated in disbelief once again, looking a bit green around the gills, “So you expect us to believe that not only are you searching for an angel but that
Marut raised one bushy brow, tilting his thickly bearded face to the side, “There are many prisoners in Heaven’s dungeons who are fit subjects for experiments.”
They faced off in tense silence for a long moment, occupying the free space directly in front of the larger front windows. The shifting grey sky outside bathed them in drab melancholy light that stole the color from angel’s sullen expression. Dean had to swallow hard around the sudden emotion that welled within him as his physiology reacted to the bittersweetness he could see warring within the angel’s eyes.
“No!” Sam was quick to correct him but he doubted very much the truth would calm him the slightest. “Like...from other realities.”
“With your Dean?” Dean finished for him, “Sounds like me. I’d never trade in my Baby, but I’d definitely be up for a side bike if the opportunity presented itself. He help you fix it up too?”
Dean felt completely scandalized and the sensation withdrew an instant later. Cas rose swiftly to his feet as well, his expression flipping from intensely scrutinizing to kicked-puppy apologetic in the span of a second.
. He saw it in the way he looked at his brother, the way he spoke to him, the way he held himself around him; like he was caught in the orbit of a star.
Castiel unfolded to his full height, reaching for Dean but the hunter stayed out of his swiping distance this time.
When Sonia turned those cutting eyes on Evan, the young man melted before her, casting Sam a pleading expression.
With his mind comfortably hazy, Dean wasn’t aware his thoughts had shifted until they stir up an image of Castiel stretched lazily across the back seat, propped up against his own bundled up trench coat, tie loose and shirt cuffs folded and pushed up his forearms in an attempt to relieve the humidity. Another easy smile bows Dean’s lips, this one crinkling at the corners of his eyes, leaving his brows wistfully lax. He knew the angel didn’t require it, but it didn’t stop his brain from conjuring up this vision of his sleep softened edges to replace his typical stoney seriousness.
“Yeah.” Dean continued, drawing out the word while rubbing guiltily at the back of his neck and pacing around in front of the vending machines. “We caught wind of another case. The manager of the last motel we stayed in before this one turned up dead. It might be our kinda thing so…”
Sam took his leave of the office, his mind a whirlwind with all the new information he’d become privy to, chiefly; this guy had been to the bunker. It was such a shock that Sam nearly walked face first into the young officer from the service desk as he exited Brigg’s office.
Cas dropped his gaze to some point on the ground, his eyes slipping closed against the memory of his grace connecting to the essence both familiar and unbelievably foreign. “I could feel it like I can feel the presence of other angels. Our grace has a natural tendency to...fill the area around us, but any angel can consciously reach it out to identify something. Not so dissimilar from how you would reach out with your hand, using your sense of touch to identify something.”
“No man, it’s alright.” Dean finally replied, “Stay there and play some more games with the kid. We’ll wrap this up and be back before you know it.”
His washing hand slowed as he momentarily got swept up in the disappointment, and hoped vehemently that Cas wasn’t taking it personally. After everything they’d been through all he wanted was some solid ground between them. He inhaled evenly against his rising anxiety. Despite his instinct to do the opposite, Dean forced himself to remember Cas’s words on the phone; he had been looking forward to their time together, to Dean coming home and, for the first time in what felt like far too long, the angel had sounded hopeful.
“See, this is what I’m talking about.” The hunter said earnestly, finally breaking the rule about minding his own business. He took a breath to calm his nerves before he stated with absolute certainty, “He loves you too, man. He thought he was being sneaky trying to plan this big grand gesture and speech for you when we got back but I found his...drafts.”
“Yeah, let’s go,” Dean agreed, still wary of Cas’s earlier episode and still not quite sure what exactly had brought it on. Sure the case was a bit harrowing, but they had surely been through worse than some weird metal melting toxic goop and mystery languages. Dean wanted nothing more than to chalk it up to the missing angels. It would make sense. Despite rebelling against Heaven, and making some decidedly poor decisions when it came to his brethren, Castiel was still a protective brother. It was evident in the urgency with which he’d answered Hannah’s summons.  Dean could relate; he’d do anything to find Sam if he had gone missing like this. However, the hunter couldn’t shake the nagging suspicion that he was missing a big piece in this puzzle.
He pressed the lever of the nearby toaster a bit harsher than necessary for emphasis. While he waited for the bread to toast, he considered his approach.
"We can't risk overlooking something small. Just let me take over for a while. I promise I'll come find you if anything comes up."
Sam leaned on his hands against the car, “Jody was right you know. It's pretty late to start on a long haul like this. Are you sure you don’t wanna catch a few hours and start fresh in the morning?”
“You won’t be any help to them if you join them,” Dean told him with a hint of pleading. “Common man, come back with us where it’s safe so we can kick this things ass later. Together.”
"Let me just stop you right there." Dean interjected around a mouthful of toast. "The alternate universe thing is kinda ‘been there done that’ so you can stow the condescending explanation.”
The motel manager, a short portly man with a rosy complexion and greying beard, was leaning back in a computer chair in the office behind the check-in counter, snoring wetly into his chest when the bell above the door chimed and startled him awake.
“You’re late to the party. The Mark of Cain is another one of those ‘been there done that’ scenarios.” He explained, stalling for time as he searched around for anything, praying the solution would jump out at him.
“Nothing was stolen, so robbery wasn’t the motive. Hishov’s shotgun was still fully loaded under the counter, so if there was a struggle at all, he wasn’t able to get to it before...well.” He paused, briefly running a hand over his beard before he leaned forward, crossing his arms over the desk. “We got a little bit of security footage, but it’s next to useless. Had to have our tech guys salvage what they could but the tape was
His hand fit seamlessly over his left shoulder, warm and gentle, right where the scar had been. The cool heat of grace tingled a bit where they were connected and then again beneath his bandage.
“You don’t believe that.” The angel told him, still holding the blade as he calmly lowered his hands back to his sides. When he began a measured approach, Dean felt the same feather light caress against the edges of his consciousness as he had upon waking, but this time he recognized it for exactly what it was.
“Bull. Shit.” Dean ground out indignantly, his hackles rising at the idea of this guy claiming such utter nonsense. “You think I’m an idiot? You could be a demon or a shifter, or
This Dean was the first he’d found whose soul glittered with the same brilliant greens and golds he’d come to know so well and he greedily drank in the sight of it. He was even bold enough to reach out a small tendril of grace, brushing up against a lazy golden flare arching out from the hunter's soul. He let out a shaky breath as it responded to him, twining around and fitting with his grace like an old glove.
Castiel’s entire body tensed but he didn’t respond to the insidious voice. The lights in the room flickered violently as a possessive protectiveness flared in him so sharply he had to focus his breathing to keep himself calm, unwilling to risk hurting Dean again.
The image of Cas with that hint of pink dusting his cheeks flashed uninhibited across his mind accompanied by his explanation:
As Evan rounded the nose of the squad car, he and Jack both seemed to notice one another at the same time and in perfect unison chirped a friendly, "Hello there!". While Jack lifted his hand in a wave, Evan extended his to a shake, and for a second both froze, then quickly switched, before the entire interaction devolved into laughter.
Sam barely registered her words as he tossed his gloves and fished his phone out of his breast pocket. He held up his finger at Evan to wait when the young man tried to follow as the hunter strode a few paces away, dialing Cas. The phone rang just once before the angel answered.
Dean scoffed at that, rolling his eyes. “I swear to god Sam if you say anything about a ‘profound bond’ I’m going to gag.”
The angel seemed genuinely taken aback, but then a brilliant smile that touched his eyes bowed his lips as he replied, “I would like that very much, Dean.”
Cas came to a sudden halt, peering ahead at the escort as they continued on seemingly without notice, but he didn’t doubt they were both listening in to every word. Regardless, Cas dropped his head and leaned in close to whisper in the space between them, if for no other reason than the brevity of what he was about to reveal.
Missing angels, a gruesome crime scene, another disappearance right under their noses, and now this new development with Dean; as if all of the former weren’t enough to deal with. He dropped his hands and stood up to face the pulpit, his eyes lingering on the simple wooden cross which stood somberly against the granite wall. Despite his earlier promise to Dean made against his better judgment, the angel was still restless. Without taking action there was little more he could do than speculate and worry.
While Sam had stayed out of his brother’s business for the general harmony of their group, he wasn’t stupid. Dean was the angel’s very best friend, his family; but he was also something neither of the men had ever named.
Just then the click of the master bedroom door’s opening drew his attention, his head jerking away from his reflection toward the sound and back again so quickly it could barely be said he looked away at all.
Before Cas had come into their lives, those warm moments had been few and far between, especially after their dad had died, but even early on, when Cas had still been Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Sam had noticed something change in his brother. Of course, it hadn’t been love at first sight, that would be ridiculous to expect from either of them; Castiel being an angel and soldier who hadn’t been near humans or their complicated customs for 2000 years and Dean who had never been in a relationship for longer than a single night.
Sam continued, “We’re walking down an infinite hallway, lined with infinite doors, but that’s only how we perceive it because that’s the only way our brains can make sense of it.”
--” He gestured vaguely toward the exit to indicate the scene at the park, “--it was way to close a call. Now, I’m sorry that we couldn’t help those kids, alright? But I’m not sorry you weren’t put in that things path. We’ve got better odds in figuring this out with you than without you. If you really want to help them, and I know you do, the best thing we can do--all of us-- is play this smart and safe. That means no flying off without a plan, no guesswork, no self-sacrifice; none of that shit has worked out in the passed. Are you with me?”
His attacker remained perfectly still despite the sudden swirl of pressure in the room, his colorless eyes trained on the manager.
“Exactly!” the taller brother exclaimed, “You know, this is actually kind of awesome if you think about it!” A moment later he was jotting down notes in the tiny journal he usually kept in his inner coat pocket, never one to miss an opportunity to expand on the lore. “We see the hallway and doors because we’re human. We’re used to seeing stuff like that.” He paused briefly, pinning Cas with a look of genuine curiosity, “but Cas, you’re an angel. Do you see the ones and zeros like Neo?”
Once the shirt was free of his injured shoulder, Sonia took the rag and ice bag away to inspect the area. Some minor swelling around the shoulder was to be expected, but further down near his shoulder blade a brilliant purple bruise had bloomed across most of the left side of his upper back where he’d hit the wall.
Dean remained only peripherally aware of Sam still eagerly prattling away, steered from all the confusing perception and reality talk by the potential of brushing up on Enochian, so the older hunter took advantage of the distraction his brother was providing to study Cas’s profile. The angel seemed to be oblivious while he attempted to explain the Enochian phonetic alphabet. Cas spoke with single syllabic sounds and Sam clumsily parroted them back, but it was only Cas’s voice that held the duel tone that apparently only Dean could hear. Each echo was like a pebble tossed in water, sending a gentle cascade of ripples through his being.
"Evan is right!" Jack piped up before Sam could speak, coming to the defense of his newly made friend, "Sam was the only one here three days ago!" The statement rang loud in the following silence. Sam and Cas both froze, staring at Jack in disbelief. The young man looked between them all with a slight tilt of his head, not catching on to what he’d just done until the last moment. “Uh...I mean--”
“The same thing that happens to all great heroes,” Castiel replied sadly. “He sacrificed himself to save the world. ”
Cas shot the older hunter a disgusted look, his nose scrunching up at that very idea but it soon gave way to something like exasperation. “You’re both lower dimensional beings that were just rapidly transported to a higher dimensional realm at the speed of light.” The angel informed them calmly as if it should have been the most obvious thing in the world. “The fact that you’re still whole on an atomic level is...impressive. Those coins are very powerful.”
