Christmas came and went. As it turned out, none of the others were interested in celebrating. Meaning the two of them could spend the time together without issue. Clint had even left on a super secret mission together with Natasha. Only returning after New Year.
The Eye of Hawk had a family? That was new. "Nothing else? No children in the Tower?"
"I'm way too tired to eat", Bucky said. Yawning.
"Why not?" Rogers said. "He is a very bright child. Even when he didn't speak English, we managed to figure out what he wanted most of the time. You have two languages available for talking to him."
He asked in Asgardian but the boy gave him a confused look.
Looking through the cabinets Tony was starting to get agitated. Where was his coffee? He had bought a big package not too long ago and poured it into a tin. But the tin box had been empty for some reason. Something crunched under his shoes and he looked down, wondering if he had stepped on a bug. Instead there were black speckles. Which at first freaked him out because it could still be bugs. Then he recognised the smell, and remembered what had happened the night before.
to ensure Loki's continued safety. Not that it would be needed once learned to use his magic.
"Loki... just tell us why you came. Do you need something?"
"I know. And you were right. I'm going to research some Norse Mythology, there might be some information of Loki's race in there."
Tilting his head the child spoke: "Jabis?"
"What about your mom?"
"Papa, Papa!" The boy squealed happily as he ran up to Steve, hugging his leg. "Det finns mat!"
"Stupid laws are stupid. Let's change subject. Do you think America will join the war in Europe?"
"I thought you didn't know how to dance?"
"I have no idea. One second he is playing happily, the next he is crying..."
"So... is this bad timing or great timing?" Wilson had returned without them noticing. Loki rushed towards them, throwing himself in the engineer's arms. The black man had an amused expression on his face. "He refused to eat anything, repeating 'Papa' and 'Daddy' instead."
He had just taken a shower and gotten dressed when a small knock came on his door. Cautiously he opened it. First he couldn't see anyone but then he saw something move and looked down. A small boy with Raven black hair and vivid green eyes looked up at him. The boy took hold of his pants, pulling slightly while pointing down the corridor.
"Alright, better safe than sorry. Though what we do if it is another child with magic..."
Utterly bewildered and confused, Bucky let himself be dragged away by the young child.
Steve didn't answer but he did kiss him thoroughly.
Loki's bedroom had been furnished with toddler sized furniture and a colourful decor. He had also been given a good amount of different toys. The bed was a normal singles bed with a cushioned frame and a thin canopy. Tiny lights was attached to the fabric.
"You didn't tell me this, Clint", Laura said with light admonishment. "If I had known... Lila and Cooper could have been his playmate sooner."
"Night Daddy."
"So you are
"I love you, Steve. Thank you for choosing me."
"That was my dad."
"Ugh... can't Stark keep the brat under control?" It was the mean man, giving Loki a very unfriendly look. That man had broken one of the boy's toys, a crime that would not be forgotten anytime soon. Daddy had said he could get revenge if the man was being mean towards him again.
"After all, your husband broke one of Loki's toys in front of him. On purpose. And then proceeded to tell me I should be glad he didn't throw my son from the top of the Tower. And even though we allowed him to return eventually, he hasn't been anything but mean to Loki."
Closing the sketchbook Tony offered it without a word. As the blond took it there fingers brushed against each other. For some reason, the engineer's heart skipped a beat. Had to be lack of sleep.
"Pepp I... I don't know what to say..." he stammered. The strawberry blonde woman smiled gently.
"What else is there?!"
"Better make it hot, then."
The soldier had decided he would take a step back for now. Wait to see what would happen. This could have been a one off, a one night kind of thing. So, unless the engineer made a move himself, he wasn't going to. He wanted to show the other he could respect boundaries. Mind clearer he decided to go for a walk. The weather was fairly chilly now in the autumn so he would need his jacket. If he could find it. Rummaging through his things he couldn't locate the thing. Then he remembered.
"Pizza!" He said.
"Look, Thunder Pants", the engineer said and also sat down. "Everyone have stuff they don't like. We don't force ourselves to eat something we don't like, so we won't force Loki to do so either. It is not like his eating habits are bad either."
"It means he is our son, Steve's and I. As for your brain, that would be the electromagnetic therapy. You don't remember yesterday?"
"Found who?"
"I know you didn't want rings, and I understand why", Pepper said, holding out a box. "So, I had these made instead."
"The others?"
Stretching Tony walked down the stairs from the landing pad above, Steve behind him. The area for the planned compound was promising and construction was already underway. Sitting down for a long time hadn't been great though.
Tony stared. Not believing his eyes or ears.
"This is amazing", Bird Brain said. "Did you know he could do this?"
"Loki!" A man's voice cried, filled with relief.
"If I'm Papa, you are Daddy", Steve smiled. Still a bit drowsy from his nap.
"Sorry boys", someone said, breaking the moment. "You two are super cute but now it is our turn." It was another patron with his date.
When no food came, he became cranky. Demanding food and when he wasn't given any, he got upset and ran out of the room. In search of his parents. Causing the employees to panic as they suddenly had a toddler on the loose.
"Hi!" She called. "Are one of you his dad?"
"Didn't he mention something called All-Speak? A spell or something that all Asgardians are blessed with. It allows them to understand any spoken language and be understood in any spoken language."
"We have what, four people who can babysit, five if you include Bruce."
"We've known each other for quite a while after all", she said.
Steve touched Tony's cheek, relieved to feel that he was less cold. Still not good enough, but better. Joining his husband under the blanket he held him close. Sharing his warmth while cuddling, watching their son play with his toys.
"Two in the afternoon. I've finished the room. Any particular reason you decided to join him for a nap?"
"And I'm happy to have you back. We should go on more dates. And take Loki to the park." Tony mumbled before yawning. "Nighty night."
"More than okay... feeling so good, babe... feeling so good..."
"Steve", he said in a sing-song voice. "Ste-eve. Honey Poh." Also climbing into the bed he teased his boyfriend by tickling his nose. The soldier was immune to tickles. Except for his nose. It got a small reaction. Boring. The engineer started kissing his face instead, while murmuring his name.
"He is in pretty much perfect health", the doctor said. "The only thing you might want to consider is vaccines but... well, it's Loki..."
"I love you, Loki", he said.
"We don't usually let him eat pancakes without using at least a fork", he said to the scientist, still smiling.
"Papa!" Loki squealed and ran up to him. Hugging his leg. "Papa, Papa, Papa."
"This is what he gets for sleeping all night", Bucky said, leaning against the wall. "Besides, he could always just ask for help."
, JARVIS cut in.
He felt like he had gravel in his eyes. Dragging himself up from the bed Bucky headed out of his room. Loki had fetched him and Sam several times during the night, wanting them to stay with him. Once the boy had fallen asleep they returned to their own beds. Only to be woken a few hours later by a teary-eyed mini god.
"Tony?" Steve called and came out carrying Loki on one arm and holding one of his slip-ons in one hand. "Have you seen Lo..." he stopped as he spotted Pepper. She stared at them.
"James Barnes, but you can call me Bucky."
"Hardly, the watches are your wedding bands. My wedding present to you is that I will babysit Loki for tonight. I've already prepared one of the guestrooms on a lower floor."
. It covers some events too."
"Aha. Did you want anything else?"
"You really are amazing." Steve leaned in a bit and kissed his husband's cheek. "I'm just going to put Loki to bed."
He was feeling very tired as he made his way up to the penthouse. Once the adrenaline had run its course, he was left with some kind of handover. Making him feel crappy.
"Hey, that drug from Yesterday..."
"This is Loki, the Norse god of mischief. And for some reason he has reverted back into a small child. With no memories of the past, as far as we can tell."
"Yeah, it shouldn't be too crowded in the park and I can use the exercise."
"Indeed", Steve said. "Your daddy loves blueberries."
The raised voices. Thor coming closer, looming. Angry looks and impatience. It was just too much for the small boy.
"Got it. Alright, punk. Ready for some food?"
He was becoming spoiled. With jobs for the Avengers drying up, Tony had been able to glue himself to Steve. Who let him. Yup. Definitely spoiled. Which was why he wasn't whining when his boyfriend choose to go out jogging for a few hours.
"Anthony Edward Stark, do you agree to take Steven Grant Rogers to be your legally wedded husband?" The man droned.
"Because I don't. The circumstances are a bit special but our son is Loki, the god of mischief. Formerly Thor's brother. He has returned to being a kid. No memory of his old life."
It was now March. Most of the snow was gone and it was becoming milder. Perfect weather for going on runs. Steve put on his training jacket.
"Don't want them to break, uncle Bucky..."
"You can keep going if you want, I don't mind", Steve said.
"I ran into him in Central Park", Steve filled in. "He was alone, naked, and filthy. So, I took him here."
After having been given some juice and some animal crackers the boy calmed down significantly. Sniffing occasionally.
Because it was true. He was a man out of time. Not truly belonging anywhere. There was no way back, and he had no idea how he would find his way forward. Right now, all he had was heartache as he longed for a brilliant and mischievous engineer with an unexpected big heart.
"Daddy, kisses and hugs!" Loki said and gave plenty of both. "Papa, kisses and hugs!"
"You could say that. How was your day?"
"No, that's why I said I was surprised."
"Do you have any suggestions?" Steve asked.
Chuckling Steve took off his clothes and joined his boyfriend in bed. Reaching down with his fingers. Only to be stopped by the engineer. "I need to prepare you."
"Papa!" Their son gave the blond a hug. Meaning that both men were now smudged with cream and what probably was chocolate. But well, that happens sometimes when you have a kid.
"Yeah, no. You will teach JARVIS who can then translate it for him. Just getting it into our letters should be enough."
"Steve?"
"I'm also annoyed at him but isn't Loki's wellbeing more important?"
There was a wet chuckle and the engineer was pulled into a hug. His husband holding him just a bit too tightly, but he didn't mind. In fact, he tried to hug just as tightly. There were not much they could do. Even if they told Fury the truth, it was doubtful he would care. Rather, he would get something else to use against them. And there was no way they were going to tell the director about the tiny god of mischief.
"Steve... what the heck have you been caught up in?"
Leaving his grieving mother Thor walked back to his brother's chambers. Intending to finish tidying it while sorting through his thoughts. Frigga didn't believe there were any chance that Loki could have been given rebirth. And to her knowledge, that was certainly true. Yet...
"Thor...." the Captain sighed. "You have to let that go. Your brother is dead, and I'm truly sorry for that. I understand that you are grieving him. But you can't project those feeling on this Loki. You will hurt both of you."
They headed down together. Putting on their usual act of indifference. At the common floor where Bruce, the two - former - spies, and Thor. The god of thunder looked more of less the same as last time. His armour was a bit different, his hair a bit longer. Otherwise he was pretty much the same.
"Papa!" The small boy tore from her hand and ran towards a muscular man with blond hair. Who looked quite familiar, now that she thought about. While they looked nothing alike, she had to guess they were father and son.
"Since we will have the morning to ourselves, maybe we could have some fun?"
Loki shook his head and tried to speak up but the group of adults paid him no mind. Speaking to the bunch of children now being carted away. Encouraging them to sing. Leaving the small boy alone. Looking around, he had no idea where he was or where his Papa and Daddy were. Making him feel scared.
The door closed behind Wilson and Loki. JARVIS activated the blockers and Tony pulled the vacated chair closer to the bed. Sitting down.
"And what?"
"I'm not completely sure but it seems like it can be absorbed through the skin as well by inhaling." Bruce bit his lip. "Where were the gas tubes taken?"
"Avengers Tower. Bucky... I want to help you. Help you remember."
"Tony, Tony... I love you, I love you. I love everything about you."
"If anyone can, it's you. You are pretty good at that kind of stuff, Steve", Tony gave a small smirk. "You are also a pretty good kisser. Care to demonstrate?"
The young god spent the rest of the meal quiet, attentively listening to the conversations around him. Readjusting, shifting. With All-Speak it shouldn't be an issue.
"Come on, you too", the same woman as before said.
"For dinner", the engineer said. "Not lunch."
"Auntie Pep!" The small god giggled. "Unca Sam!"
Steve watched curiously. There were a mechanism that allowed the phone to be pulled apart. It only worked with both pieces and made it less likely to be discovered. In addition, both pieces had buttons that would immediately fry them.
A surprise party had waited for them at the Tower, a small one. Pepper explained that they went without a wedding but that they at least could have a proper celebration. It was just her and Happy in attendance and the party was mostly good food and a nice cake. Nothing big or elaborate. After a while Tony's driver, or whatever he was, left. Leaving the three of them plus Loki.
They were rarely in New York but Laura wanted to give her kids a chance to see their dad. Because it was a rare chance, she had taken them to the park. Despite her swollen stomach. Lila and Cooper was quite well-behaved usually, though their excitement meant that she couldn't focus on anything else.
"But what about paying?"
The soldier had no intentions of actually acting on his emotions. He had been tempted when Pepper broke up with the engineer but had held himself back. Reasoning it was a right and wrong way to act. There were no indication that the brunet had any interest in men. Being interested in both men and women was... weird. While it had become more or less accepted to prefer someone of the same-sex, he couldn't imagine it was acceptable to have no preference.
"I like the sound of that", the soldier chuckled and kissed him. One smooch turned into several but just as they was about to head to the bedroom, JARVIS pipped up.
It was peaceful and getting out of the Tower had been the right idea. Just spending time as a family and letting their kid make some friends. Albeit temporary ones. Tony opened an attachment to one email. Frowning as he watched the linked video. What kind of person could stop a car going full speed? Unless it was a stunt but it didn't look like it... He looked up for a second, then paused, looked again and...
"Do you have any papers for the kid?"
His brother probably never expected to need the spell, but maybe he had already known that it would work.
"What is All-Speak?"
"Really? Guess I should introduce him to Billy Joel's
"Uncle Buck, aunt Pepp", Loki shouted as he ran up to them. Full of smiles. "Play with me?"
While neither man could understand the words themselves, they could easily see what was wrong. A little while before Thor came and everyone found out, except him, Pepper had gifted the boy a set with Avengers action figures. While Loki had no idea his parents were Avengers, he had still loved the figures. The set had also included an action figure of his adult self.
"You are the most despicable human being I have ever met", he growled. "And I have met more than my fair share of shitty people. But you? You deliberately go to a child and destroy their toy in front of them?"
"Um... Steve... Loki is a grown man... not a baby..."
"Love you too, Steve."
Furrowing his brow the god of thunder spoke, but in a different language. One that sounded a lot like Loki's usual babbling. The tiny god perked up and said something as well. For a few minutes the two deities talked. All while the Thunderer looked more and more troubled.
Sighing Steve placed his sketchbook on the low table. Sinking down on his sofa. The man out of time, Loki had called him. For all that he was a crazy bastard, he had been eerily observant. Seeing through them. Thor had called his brother a liar. Maybe by being a liar himself, he was better at telling when someone was lying to him.
I just want to let you all know that I read all comments I get and that I very much appreciate them. I'm just not in the habit of replying to them. Mostly because I either don't know what I would say or because answering would mean spoiling the story.
They kissed again, lingering.
"I think some pizza will do nicely tonight", he said. "Do you know what Tony prefer, JARVIS?"
"There is a pressroom on the ground level, probably easiest to hold it there."
Well... they were going to be found out sooner or later. At least this guy seemed like he would be willing to listen.
"I'll wait for you", the engineer said and waved him off.
"Thank you, Tony..."
"You are talking about Clint. He
They kissed one more time before Steve had to leave.
He hadn't told his mother about the grave, she still grieved her youngest severely. Blaming Odin, blaming Thor. Screaming at them for letting Loki's remains be thrown away like garbage. It would probably do her no good to see the empty memorial. Returning to the palace the Thunderer sought out his father.
Ah, well. It was way too late to think about all that. Deciding to go back to sleep Tony nestled closer to Steve's warm body and was soon out.
Because there were no clothes for the boy he dressed him in one of his own shirts. Carrying him back to the living room. Tony was pacing.
The soldier gave him a grave look, cradling his cheek. "I'm that much in love with you. I don't mind because if you are happy, then I'm happy."
"Daddy..." he cried and made a beeline for Tony. Who picked him up, trying to sooth him. This was the first time the other three saw him. Despite the fact that he had arrived months ago.
"Why should I trust you?"
After some hesitation the toddler let out a happy noise and splashed the water with his tiny hands. Giggling. Smiling the soldier just watched. Suddenly some of the soap bubbles started floating, changing shape. A green light enveloped the tiny hands. Likely confirming his suspicion. This truly was Loki.
"On document, he is my biological and Steve's adopted son", the engineer explained.
"Hey", he said softly, carefully taking the hand closest to him. "How are you feeling?"
"You are my mission!" His oldest friend screamed.
They returned to the penthouse together. The rest of the day was spent just being together and watching the tiny god of mischief cause chaos while playing. It happened a lot and they had gotten used to it.
"Good point, except for the fact that he does. It sounds a bit Shakespeareian but beyond that..."
"Hey, Loki, come here for a moment." The boy, still eyeing Thor with obvious suspicion, hurried over to his other father. Grabbing hold of his leg instead. Ruffling his hair the inventor showed a page. "Can you read this?"
"That's not a bad idea."
Tony had already driven several smaller publications near bankruptcy. In his opinion, they deserved it. Especially after calling Loki some very unsavoury things. No one hurt his kid and got away with it. None.
"But isn't he learning at a very rapid pace?"
Sam flipped a page in his book. On the hospital bed, Steve was quiet. Covered in injuries. In truth, he was lucky to be alive. Marvin Gaye was singing his
Clint Barton, Hawkeye and an Avenger looked very pale as his wife's expression grew darker with every word.
"No."
"What do you mean 'our son' and why does my head feel squeezed."
"So you feel nothing about making Loki cry? Threatening him?"
"Fine! Yes, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that either. Just, please stop the ice!"
"Very little", the Thunderer admitted. "We grew up on stories about the Frost Giants being savage monsters. I didn't actually see a Jotun until a few years ago."
"Bucky? As in your old friend? The one who fell from a train?"
"Funny story, really", Tony forced a smile. "Yes, Steve and I are an item. And the kid over there is actually Loki, the god of mischief."
"Smooth talker. If anyone is being a good father, it is you. I have seen you with him, teaching him how to be a good man."
"Let me make you feel even better", the blond shifted just slightly, still going slow. But the new angle hit different enough to make fire burn through his body. "I love you, Tony."
"A damn good one if so", Tony said. "He has been here for weeks and acts completely like a toddler. Even JARVIS confirmed he really is a child. We don't know the circumstances but we do know this isn't a trick. To be honest, his pranks are fairly innocent and completely harmless."
Tony gets lost in wave after wave of sensation as Steve sucks him and opens him up thoroughly. He doesn’t know how much time passes but it’s enough for him to feel open and ready by the time Steve pulls off.
“I do. And I want to do right by you. And right now, doing the right thing means staying away.”
He hears a throat clearing and turns around, still rocking from foot to foot. Steve is standing in the entry way, one shoulder leaning against the glass wall, well-defined arms crossed in front of his chest and smiling a goofy little smile that nearly melts Tony into a puddle of sappiness and goo on his workshop floor.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice is wrecked. Tony tells himself that’s why he’s so weak, why he turns to face him so quickly.
“So I take it he’s on our side now?” Clint asks over the comms, talking about Bucky. “Since he just kind of scarily dismembered a Doombot that was trying to shoot me, you know, I thought I’d ask.”
Tony licks his lips lightly, readying to speak, and Steve's eyes are immediately drawn down to his mouth, and he feels his heart rate skyrocket instantly.
Now, with the added complication of their relationship, Steve’s protectiveness grows another layer. He’s gotten better with mentions of Pepper but Tony can still see him tense up, and he supposes it’s only fair, Tony did have a pretty serious relationship with her in the not so distant past. But it’s not just her. Tony goes to parties and charity galas now, since he’s got the time and since he’s kind of required to as co-CEO, and he can tell by the texts (or lack thereof) if Steve’s upset when he sees pictures of Tony online or in the tabloids the next day, schmoozing with the upper Elite of New York.
He also knows about Howard's obsession with finding him, that Tony was held to impossible standards as a child. Knows that's most likely the cause for the resentment Tony felt towards him when they first met. If only Steve had known, maybe he could have prevented the blow-up on the helicarrier, maybe he could have been more tactful, more understanding. But he didn't know, and because of everything, because of Howard, Steve has had to work through all of that childhood grief to get to where he is now, and it's still not enough. He wants to know more.
“J, listen. These things are still coming. We haven’t even taken out half of them, Barton and Widow are parked, Thor's lightning is useless, and now Barnes is down. We’re not going to last.”
There’s always been an edge to their friendship, his and Tony’s. They co-led the team together well, Tony’s futurism and Steve’s strategic mindset blending together seamlessly. They fought like a unit since day one, when the world was at risk of an alien invasion and they were told to get their shit together or lose. But off the battlefield and away from the team it was different. It’s like they co-existed in the same space but lived in different worlds. Tony was just a little too bitter, and Steve was just a little too judgmental. They never quite got each other on a personal level the way they did when they were suited up.
“Is it Tony?” Sam asks cautiously.
He coughs. Wonders why he hurts. Why his mouth tastes like copper.
Steve laughs out loud, entertained. “Oh really?” he says, curious.
“I love you, Tony. Stay safe.”
Tony’s unbagging the food and snapping his chopsticks in two when Steve asks suddenly, “Why are you drinking?”
“…Yeah, Iron Man, I copy. We’re…” Static. “…the river. Bucky’s… …remember… Okay…” More static.
Steve sighs again, giving in, running his hands through his hair. “Alright,” he says, resigned. “Wanna watch a movie? Like old times?”
Steve’s eyes narrow. “What, I can’t come see you whenever I like?” he asks, a sharp edge to his voice.
It had actually started off pretty promising, Steve going into the warehouse alone to confront Barnes (not Tony’s favorite part of the plan, but Steve had been adamant that Barnes would listen to him, and that he’d run if he felt threatened, and a god, a flying suit of armor, two assassins, and a Hulk were probably a pretty threatening sight, so he’d agreed on the condition that Steve leave his comm on at all times while they patrolled outside the building, ready to go at the first sign of trouble). Barnes hadn’t even run. He’d seemed less than welcoming, sure, but he’d been willing to listen, at least, and they had even seemed to be making some progress when all hell broke loose.
“No biggie, Cap. Broken leg, I think, but I’ll live.”
The smile drops off his face as Steve watches the falling helicopter smash into the house right where Iron Man is standing, and half of the building goes crashing down into the ocean.
And isn’t it so like Steve, to jump to that conclusion? That he could possibly be to blame for what Tony’s done, for Tony’s bad judgment, Tony being the biggest asshole on the face of the Earth.
“Sorry,” he mumbles. “I just know how much you wanted to be with her, and I don’t like the idea of you with anyone else.”
Steve takes a breath and lets it out in a gust. “You don’t have to answer, I’m just curious.” Tony doesn't say anything, just gestures for Steve to get a move on. He takes another deep breath. “Why did you sign? The Accords, I mean.”
Steve laughs loudly, pushing Tony's shoulder playfully. "Beer is fine, European if you have it," he responds, still smiling. He heads over to plop on the fine leather couch in the middle of the lounge, letting out a gusty sigh and knocking his head back against the cushions, eyes closed.
Steve thinks about it, but there’s only ever been one answer since Iron Man flew that nuke into outer space.
Steve’s still looking at him expectantly, so Tony makes his decision. “My hotel is right there,” he points. Steve looks over his shoulder, then back to Tony’s face. “If you’re still trying to get to the park, you’d better hurry, you’ve got less than an hour ’til go-time.”
There isn’t much talking after that.
“—inform the team of the situation, then we can come up with a plan!”
“Barnes. You done running?”
Steve takes it. Lets Tony pull him up and then down the stairs, across the club and to the dance floor, lit up by flashing lights and crammed with hot, sweaty bodies.
Things are just starting to head in the right direction when Tony’s phone buzzes on his bedside table. He reaches over to silence it and continues his way down Steve’s chest, the other man’s breath coming quicker and his hands roaming over Tony’s body. A minute later Steve’s phone starts to ring, and Tony groans loudly.
Tony taps back into Steve over his comm. The little window in the upper right hand corner of his HUD shows their panic room. Jamie is playing with his teething ring in his crib while Steve is sitting at the computer desk, watching the raid on the screens set up there. He speaks into their private comm line.
They work on Tony for what seems like hours, but is probably closer to 30 minutes, before he starts to wake up. Steve starts to shake, because he honestly didn't know if Tony would ever wake up again, and the triage team had been unable to offer any reassurances. He's sitting between Bucky and Thor, and Thor's got a calming hand on his leg and though Bucky makes no move this time to reach out to him, his shoulder is a comforting presence against Steve's. There's a blood bag attached to Tonys left arm and an IV attached to the opposite hand, and right now they're working on sewing together Tony's stomach from where the armor tore through his skin like it was tissue paper.
“Me too, baby,” he whispers back on an exhale. He closes his eyes and breathes in the scent of their son again, sees Steve smiling gently at him behind his eyelids. “Me too.”
Steve pulls out his phone and sees he has a message from Natasha.
People come in from a door he hadn’t noticed before on the other side of the room. Nurses, and a doctor, he recognizes the uniforms. They smile at him and talk and he hears them but doesn’t understand, knows the language but can’t make sense of the words. “You’re awake!” and “How are you feeling?” and “Mr. Stark!”
Tony rolls his eyes. Again. He thinks it may turn out to be a regular occurrence if the Captain is going to be sticking around.
Steve takes a minute to look the other man up and down. Tony’s wearing tight blue jeans and a plain black v-neck t-shirt that looks like it’s softer than Steve’s sheets, and a form-fitting black blazer over it with an inner lining that flashes gold every time he moves. He’s completed the look with a black fedora and black and red Jordans.
He tries to pull himself toward that awareness, but the tide of darkness is pulling him in the other direction, away from his physical body, back into the sightlessness and heavy silence of his mind. He’s afraid of his mind, scared of drowning in such a dark, lonely place, but he’s powerless to resist, and it wraps around him lovingly and buries him back into nothing.
“Tony, no, stop. They’re trying to help you. Can you give him something? You’re hurting him. Please, stop Tony, stop, they’re helping you.” He can barely make sense of what Steve’s saying. They’re helping him? It hurts. They’re hurting him. Why is Steve letting them?
them before you even told us they existed!”
“As a matter of fact, yes, more important than this team. Because without Stark Industries, there would be no money to fund the fucking team. Without Tony Stark out there giving the press what they want to hear, there is no support for this team. Without me playing peacekeeper between you all and the fucking US government there IS NO TEAM, Steve. What more do you want from me?”
Then he remembers. He is in the lab, and they took Bruce. They came into his home and shot him and took Bruce. He sits up quickly and almost vomits from the vertigo, but someone is holding him up and when he opens his eyes he sees Steve.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve says. He sounds good. Less tortured, lighter. There’s a lump suddenly constricting his throat. He clears it as subtly.
“Have it your way,” he says, slurring slightly. “What’s up Stevie-poo? It’s Wednesday, you’re not due here for another two days.”
“Where is he?” he asks hoarsely. Steve hands him a glass of water, and Tony takes a sip, easing the dryness in his throat. He hands it back and Steve takes it, setting it down on the floor next to him.
Steve grins happily in return, making his way over to where Tony stands by the wet bar of the common floor. Tony reaches out to shake his hand, but Steve snorts and pulls him into a warm hug. He goes without too much resistance, engulfed in body heat and the smell of Steve, Old Spice and spicy aftershave and something just
Afghanistan at the same time Tony was on his little impromptu vacation. He also learns that Steve was a sickly kid before a sudden growth spurt, that prior to volunteering he was an art student, working part-time for a small comic book company. He has no living relatives, but he grew up in New York, and this is his first New Year’s off since he joined up, and he wanted to spend it in his home city.
It’s morning, that much he can tell, because even though Tony installed the best blackout shades money can buy in his penthouse apartment, Steve prefers to wake up with the sun, something stupid about natural light and Vitamin D and blah blah blah. Tony thinks it’s just his attempt to get Tony to wake up before noon.
“I miss you, Tony.” Steve’s so serious, and if by some chance Tony wasn’t still in love with him he definitely is now. He feels his stomach swoop as Steve continues. “I know I’m asking a lot, I know I don’t deserve a second chance, I know you’ve moved on with your life, but…” he trails off, for the first time sounding uncertain. “I— You make me feel so much. So
He tries to stop the tears but it feels like they’re drowning him.
“Be nice if everyone saw it that way,” Tony grumbles good naturedly, attempting to lighten the mood. He hadn’t meant to upset Steve, had actually thought he’d be on the military’s side, like Rhodey, and he’d already half-prepared an argument for that scenario. But here Steve is, not only on Tony’s side, but genuinely upset for him, as well.
Tony kisses his eyelids and Steve's throat tightens. He takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, gathering himself. He pulls away when he feels like he’s got some semblance of control, sliding his hands down Tony’s arms as he leans back.
Tony nods and accepts his apology and smiles when Steve tells him he loves him and kisses him back. It hurt, but Steve didn’t mean it, he knows that. Steve’s always been his biggest supporter, doing nothing but talking him up when Tony puts himself down.
It could be minutes or it could be hours later when the door creaks open and soft footsteps cross the floor. There’s a shift on the bed as Steve sits down. He knows it’s Steve, can smell him, all fresh soap and sunlight and leather.
, having Tony right next to him, listening to him talk but not knowing that it’s
His head is turned to the side and he feels warm liquid dribble out the side of his mouth. He coughs, and it’s excruciating. The copper taste is stronger than ever, and he realizes it’s blood.
He twists slightly so that her hand falls away, turning to look directly at her.
Tony grins ruefully. “Well, the hostages are safe, at least. I don’t know about the whole taking-Hydra-into-custody part.”
"'Course you didn't. You wouldn't. But I know you wanted him back at all costs, and--"
Tony cuts him off. “Not happening, Cap. I quit for a reason. I’m not going back on that this time. I know you guys are doing fine without me, I talk to Rhodey like once a week, he keeps me in the loop.”
Steve squeezes his hand then pulls away to rub his hands over his face, sitting heavily in the chair. He looks exhausted, rings under his eyes and hair a mess, and Tony knows super-soldiers don't need a ton of sleep but he wonders if Steve has slept at all since he got hurt. He looks so young and vulnerable, and Tony hates himself a little bit more for putting him through this. The man has enough issues as it is, he's lost everyone he'd ever cared about, and he almost lost Tony on top of that.
“Sorry to drop it on you like that, it just slipped out,” Steve murmurs into Tony’s hair, voice low. “But I’m not sorry I said it. I do love you. You don’t have to say it back,” he finishes softly, comfortingly.
“Well, uh. I’m a banker,” Steve says haltingly, and Tony smiles, patient. Steve takes a deep breath, tries to think of something Tony might not connect to Steve Rogers. Which is actually more difficult than it seems, because Tony knows Steve Rogers almost better than he knows himself, now that he thinks about it. “I’ve only lived overseas for a few months now, so I’m still learning basic German. Visited before, though, toured Europe when I was younger.” He shrugs, hopes Tony will pick up the threads of the conversation.
“Tony,” he says, and his voice doesn’t make it as far as Tony’s ears, but he knows Tony heard him all the same. Tony’s eyes flicker between his, back and forth, and his arms come down to settle on Steve’s shoulders, bracketing his head. The music is blaring, saying something about finding love in hopeless places, and Steve feels like this is exactly where he’s meant to be in this moment, in a dark club with loud music and confetti streaming from the ceiling and Tony Stark in his arms.
The doctor’s eyes go wide at Tony’s words. “Nothing at all?” he asks, disbelieving. Tony shakes his head mutely. The doctor murmurs something to the nurse behind him and she scribbles furiously on her notepad. He turns back to Tony.
It’s fucking perfect, is what it is. It’s movies and popcorn on the couch, and half-hour makeout sessions that don’t always lead to more (but mostly do, which Tony is totally okay with, no complaints here), and random texts that make him burst out laughing because Steve is
“I don’t deserve this, Steve,” Tony says. “I hurt you— I
Steve squints slightly at Tony’s face, though Tony knows he doesn’t really have to—the Captain’s eyesight is perfect, better than perfect, thanks to the serum.
Tony’s smile quirks a little bit to one side. “You can’t afford me,” he says, eyes twinkling.
This time it's Natasha sitting in the lonely plastic chair by his bed when he opens his eyes. She's reading a book in Romanian, and Tony rolls his eyes. Of course she is.
“Me? I’m almost 100% sure the kid was giving me the silent treatment this morning because I accidentally left his nappy in his crib. He wouldn’t even babble until I went back up there and got it. I wonder who he learned that one from,” Tony says wryly. At the mention of his nappy, Jamie drops his slobber-covered wrench to the floor and reaches out with grabby hands, clenching and unclenching his little fists and making vaguely “nappy”-sounding grunts. Tony sighs and walks over to the workshop counter. His blue baby blanket is tucked under a gauntlet, and Tony one-handedly yanks it out from underneath, making a pleased noise when the gauntlet doesn’t go toppling to the workshop floor. He wiggles his eyebrows and takes a slight bow to Steve, who rolls his eyes again. The blanked is transferred to Jamie and the noises immediately change from needy to pleased.
“Boss?”
Steve returns from his run on Saturday morning and showers before he heads straight to Tony’s lab. Normally he’d be in the gym until about lunchtime, lifting and training and studying team stats, but that’s when Tony doesn’t come up from the city for the first time in months.
“You’re still so innocent, Steve, how is that even possible?” Tony asks. He snorts with amusement, and Steve is smiling at him and it’s been so long since he’s been happy, really happy, and it’s got to mean something that it’s Steve who finally makes him feel this way again, so light-hearted.
He wishes he could believe him.
He doesn’t hear from Steve for two weeks. No calls, no texts. He has no idea how the mission went, other than what Rhodey told him, that Steve had returned to HQ safe, with Bucky in tow.
“He needs you right now, Tony,” Bucky continues, and this time his voice is far from even. It wobbles dangerously, full of so much loss and regret and overwhelming
Tony interrupts him back. "Yes, tomorrow. He's not going anywhere tonight, I promise, and you need to get some rest because I'm pretty sure we're going to jump right into this the minute we land, right, and we need to make a plan because he's not just a guy we're going to rescue, he's a legendary trained assassin we might have to abduct against his will and he's kind of in hostile territory and I'm going to have to pull out all the stops on this one, so I need at least a few hours to prepare for it."
“This is a nice couch. I missed this couch,” Steve says lazily.
Tony shakes his head jerkily, shuts his eyes, sighs out a breath full of resignation and self-hatred. “I didn’t say no,” he murmurs back.
Now, Clint and Bucky sit in the middle of the living room floor, occupied with what looks like a giant coloring book, and they look up when the elevator chime announces Tony’s arrival.
Bucky walks around the bed and into his sightline.
Tony shakes when he’s upset, or scared.
Tony laughs. “Sure you can. You just never do. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
He hears a sound behind him, like Steve was going to object, but it’s cut off. Then he hears two sets of footsteps moving away from him, toward the elevator. A pause, and Steve says, “I’m sorry,” and then the soft whoosh of the doors closing and they’re gone.
Tony sighs. “There wasn’t another option today, Cap. I considered the alternatives. They would have died. Twelve lives are more important than one, even if it’s mine. Especially if it’s mine.”
“Steve,” Tony whispers, and he wishes he could say something other than Steve’s name but there’s nothing. He doesn’t have anything because Steve’s hasn’t left yet, Steve’s apologizing and saying he loves him and he’s not leaving.
A message from Steve.
“And you know who Iron Man is?”
The shot comes before he’s ready, hitting him in the neck, and he stumbles, Bruce’s arms going around him. He gasps in a breath, his vision starting to go spotty at the edges, and he falls to his knees.
There’s parties and booze and girls and guys and he’s got his new PA escorting them out the morning after, and it’s like he’s twenty years younger and high on life again. And if he feels empty afterwards, if he feels incomplete and dirty and like a waste of fucking space, no one really needs to know.
Things are good, right up until Tony says something stupid, again. A stupid comment about SI and the money-hungry board members and how Tony’d like to know if they’d ever done an honest day’s work in their lives, and Steve snaps about how Tony used to be one of those guys.
“And the world didn’t like it. And when the US government came knocking on my goddamn door, turns out they didn’t like it either, especially when we were based out of their country, on their own land.” Tony sighs explosively. “They wanted an army. An Avengers army to do their bidding. They wanted us to fight for them, they said, and they’d protect us and clean up after us, all the money and deaths and politics, and the rest of the world would have to go through them to get to us. And I said no.” Tony takes a deep swallow of his bourbon. “I said hell no, and I had my company lawyers on the phone the very next day and the only thing we could do to protect us from being used by our own government was to go to the UN. And the Accords happened.” He shrugs, turns away from Steve now.
“No? Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes, partners since they could walk, standing up for each other since they could stand, etc etc, and you’re telling me it’s not like that? That it wasn’t ever like that?”
There’s movement, and shouting, and he can’t get a shot off because he can’t see straight and his arms are no longer working, but he’s sure he hears a roar, and more shouting and actual gunshots, and then there’s nothing.
Tony’s picking at the double chocolate brownie on his tray when he hears someone clear their throat behind him. He turns on his seat to see who it is.
Jamie shifts in his arms, tucking his head into the crook of Tony’s neck.
“How many times—“
Steve has fun.
Steve watches as another explosion rocks the foundations of the Malibu mansion. Around him is silence, just him and a ramshackle hotel room in the middle of nowhere. Steve is glued to the small television with crappy reception showing the live feed from California, displaying views of fire and crumbling masonry.
He pulls Steve closer and starts moving to the beat, body swaying. Steve doesn’t know where to put his hands, and Tony must notice, because he grabs them and puts them on his hips, then puts his own in the air over his head, still moving to the music.
He doesn’t know if he has a home to go back to. He’s been away for months. He doesn’t know if his SHIELD apartment in Washington is even still an option. He boards a flight back to New York instead of DC and rests his head back against the seat, closing his eyes. He resolves not to think about it, or about Bucky, or about anything at all, for the next 10 hours.
, is a better man than him, a less selfish man, and Tony can’t imagine the pain he’s feeling, after all the shit he’s been through, living through 70 years of hell and making it out at least partially whole because his best friend, because
“What?”
Steve shakes his head sharply, breath hitching once before he takes in a lungful of air and lets it out in a whoosh, reigning everything in. He breathes deeply again and drops his hand, opening his eyes to find Tony kneeling in front of him.
The waitress drops off their food, greasy cheeseburger sliders and fries for Tony and sketchy-looking steak and eggs with a strawberry milkshake for Steve. They talk through their coronary-inducing but entirely delicious meal, about work and art and politics and Steve’s irrational hatred of the Yankees, and Tony’s relaxed and happy for the first time in a long time. He pauses for a second when he realizes, and Steve notices, freezing with a french fry halfway to his mouth, eyes going from dancing to anxious in a heartbeat.
“I want to go out. I wanna get trashy, Rogers. Have you ever been white-girl wasted?”
“Cap.” Natasha’s voice is quiet, sharp.
“Sir, it appears there are military personnel climbing the tower stairs, attempting to access your laboratory.” There’s a pause. “I am unable to lock them out, sir. It seems they have broken into my systems without my knowledge.”
He asks Friday where Tony is and she tells him he’s in the lab, which is no surprise. He heads to the kitchen for a drink of water. He’s alone, the rest of the team already in their rooms, hopefully sleeping before training tomorrow morning. He leans back against the counter, glass of water in hand, and just breathes.
“I’ve got you,” he says again, and pulls Steve down to the bed with him.
“Sorry,” Steve says, smiling self-deprecatingly, and Tony just grins at him, even if his eyes are still full of something dark and painful.
Steve’s face falls as he catches Tony’s reaction, jaw clenching unhappily. “Why not?” he asks. He sits up, turning on the couch to face Tony. “I don’t mind traveling to come and see you, but it would be nice if you came to visit me, too. Plus,” he adds thoughtfully, “I think everyone would be real happy to see you again.”
Tony sits in his white plastic chair and waits until everyone leaves. Waits until the caskets are buried under fresh earth and he’s left completely alone. It’s starting to get dark outside, and he wakes up from his stupor enough to stumble over to the new headstone, fall to his knees and put his head in his hands. He traces their names, Steven Grant Rogers, James Edward Stark-Rogers. Steve, with his smile and his eyes and his amazing brain and his sneaky sense of humor. And James, little Jamie, who took after both his dads even so young, stubborn and clever and so beautiful it hurts to think about. Tony lies down and curls up into a ball, body aching, uncaring of the cold or the wind or the damp earth on his clothes, and wishes he could sink down under the ground lay with them, because that’s where he belongs, where they are, because there’s nothing left for him here without them.
He goes down to the gym to burn off some steam. His thoughts are all over the place, angry and sad and confused and scared. Definitely scared. Fear leaks out with every punch, every kick. He almost lost Tony today. Tony almost died because he wasn’t fast enough, wasn’t smart enough, couldn’t come up with a better plan, was incompetent as a leader. It's like Bucky all over again, and isn't that absolutely terrifying, that Tony is as important to him as Bucky? Tony, the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist he’s known for only a couple of years, who he’s really only gotten to know recently, has squeezed his way into Steve’s heart, right next to his oldest friend. And wouldn't that be the stuff of nightmares, if Steve failed to save him, too.
“I don’t know if I can do that,” Tony whispers.
Steve will do what needs to be done.
Steve chugs the rest of his beer. Signals for another. Tony does the same, and Steve can’t find it in him to tell him no. Tony’s had this weight on his shoulders for over a year now, probably longer, because Tony always thinks he has to do things alone. Always thinks his team, his friends won’t have his back when he needs them. Steve wants to ask why, how could he think that, and he remembers the files he was given on Tony Stark just after he came out of the ice, the ones that spelled out a lonely childhood and an emotionally abusive father. Tony Stark, who took over a multi-billion dollar company at 18, who had to take down his traitorous father-figure on his own after being kidnapped by international terrorists, who was forced to save himself by inventing a new element while suffering from heavy metal poisoning. He’d never had anyone to count on his entire life, and Steve had never really given him any reason to think he’d be the one to finally have his back.
Steve takes it.
It's tense and silent for the rest of the ride up and when the elevator dings and the doors open, Tony opens his eyes and walks out without speaking.
Steve is shocked into silence. He’s never heard this before, had never known the US government had been basically threatening them. He remembers Tony saying he was trying to protect them, trying to “stave off something worse”. But this? This is… He doesn’t know what this is. All he knows is he wants to strangle Tony. Wants to shake him, shout at him, ask why he didn’t come to Steve, why he didn’t tell him, they were supposed to be teammates. Friends.
“It’s complicated,” Tony finally says.
Steve shrugs, meeting Tony’s eyes. “It’s no problem. I understand.”
Tony reaches down to unbuckle his belt, pulling it off and throwing it somewhere to the side. He gets to work unbuttoning Steve’s pants as Steve starts in on his. They kick off both pants and underwear and then all that lovely skin is being pressed down onto him and Tony arches up, melding them even closer together. He hisses as their erections meet and Steve’s eyes flutter closed and he swallows visibly.
Steve’s still got one hand covering his eyes, pressing down on his eyelids like he has a terrible headache, but Tony can see tears leaking out the corners, and it makes his chest clench a little tighter.
Tony looks up from his hands, eyes burning with something Steve can’t read. Regret, or sorrow, or anger. Maybe a combination of the three.
That’s when the rest of the robots arrive. Tony’s seeing in snapshots now, blackness, then a shock of light and color and Doombots smashing at the armor. He thinks he can hear Steve yelling in the background, thinks he sees Thor’s hammer crashing through the rows of metal arms reaching for him, and he's on the ground now, robots crushing him beneath their weight. He thinks there’s pain, but he can’t tell where, it’s tingling all throughout his body and his heart feels like it’s squeezing so tight in his chest and he thinks he may not be breathing, but he tastes metal, so much metal, and it’s fitting, death by metal, he’s Iron Man, and then there’s only blackness.
Steve stays where he is, asking the medical team questions and getting stilted replies, occasionally talking to Natasha and Clint, who can translate Romanian for him. Bruce is tucked into a corner, meditating now that the professionals have taken over. Thor watches the action quietly with a sorrowful look on his face, and Bucky hasn't moved an inch since he boarded the helicopter. Steve can tell he's uncomfortable, though his posture is relaxed and nonchalant; his eyes keep darting to the pilots, then the doors, then to Steve and the rest of the Avengers, and Steve can only hope that he can hold it together until they get Tony somewhere safe.
His team finds him hours later, nearly frozen but feeling nothing at all, and as they lead him away, he knows part of him will never leave here.
There’s a thin crack in the paint on his bedroom wall, just next to the bathroom door. It starts at the doorframe and creeps downward at a diagonal, fading nearly out of existence before it regains it’s pencil-lead thickness, reaching all the way down until it disappears behind the baseboard. Tony wonders when it got there and how, then decides it doesn’t actually matter.
He grabs a Belgian beer from the cooler and makes his way over to the couch, sitting down on the opposite end as Steve, pulling a foot up and in toward his lap and resting back against the armrest. He hands Steve his beer and sips on his scotch as Steve opens his eyes and rolls his head toward him, smiling.
The Captain turns at Tony’s entrance, super soldier hearing and reflexes still sharp. His shoulders straighten and Tony realizes he’s standing at attention. He snorts.
Tony’s eyes are blurring. He’s not crying, there’s no reason to cry over a fucking text message, he’s just overwhelmed and overtired and he has no idea what this means. Is it a breakup? Is Steve going to apologize? He doesn’t have to, it’s completely Tony’s fault for running his mouth, for ruining everything.
Tony must think he’s a fan. Or a member of the whole Team Cap movement. Why else would the Accords bother him so much, some boring banker in Switzerland.
Steve takes a deep breath, rolls over within the circle of Tony’s arms. Tony blinks slowly and smiles softly when he sees Steve’s face so close to his. He has pillow creases up his left cheek, sleep in his eyes, his hair is tousled in a way that is clearly not intentional, and Steve’s never seen anything so lovely.
Tony pushes his way toward the elevator, gritting his teeth through a smile, nodding politely when people call out to him. He needs some air. Everything’s so tight in here, people crowded together, the obnoxious braying laughter, friendly debates, bragging and boasting, and Tony’s going to lose his shit if he doesn’t get out of here in the next 30 seconds.
He’s complaining about the board and whatever it is that they’ve done to make his and Pepper’s life harder, his movements getting jerkier with each sentence, until he slams a palm flat on the table in front of him and turns to face Steve, eyes bright.
Nothing for a minute, then Steve responds, voice sad. “No. It never goes away.”
“Alright,” Tony said, voice soft and eyes serious. “But only if you keep the beard.”
They walk quietly, and Tony has half a mind to open up the newspaper tucked into his armpit, but he thinks maybe that would be awkward, even rude, so he decides against it. Conversation, then.
“Mmhmm,” Rhodey says, still laughing, falling into step beside him.
“Really? You mean that?” he asks, voice small and hesitant, but so, so hopeful.
His mouth drops open absently as he watches a piano fly out from the ruins and smash directly into one of the helicopters, bringing it down. He wants to laugh, but he's holding his breath and he can’t move, his hands clenched onto the worn coffee table in front of him. He’s staring at the screen so hard his eyes are beginning to itch, and he sees a vague humanoid form running past the smashed floor-to-ceiling windows, followed closely by machine gun fire. Then he sees Iron Man throw something, shoot a repulsor at it, and blow up another helicopter.
“What are you talking about?”
“JARVIS, I'm going to go for the chest panel. I need you to push through when I pass out. No matter what my vitals say, I need you to fucking rip it apart, okay?”
Steve lifts his head from his arms and takes a deep breath, then he gets back to it. It's easy to get lost in the rhythmic thump, thump, thump thump. It's a while before he surfaces to the sound of expensive shoes clicking on the hardwood floor. He sighs heavily, reaching out to still the swinging bag. He's not sure if talking to Tony right now is a great idea, when he's been working out his frustrations about the man for the last few hours.
but he stays silent, and Steve turns toward the door, moving like the 90 year old he is.
a big deal, Tony, are you being serious right now?”
BBC news informs him that law enforcement agents in California have arrived at the scene and are currently searching the wreckage for… anything, really. Parts of the Iron Man armor. A body. There are divers and boats and helicopters, but so far they’ve found nothing.
If he still has a home after all this. The Tower will never be home if Tony's not there.
He’s beginning to break through that emptiness now, beginning to have real thoughts. He should probably try to wake up, if that’s what this is, some type of unconsciousness or sleep. There’s sound coming from outside his body, because he has a body, he can feel it, far away, he has limbs and a face and fingers and toes, a heart that beats and lungs that breathe.
Tony nods. “Wilson.” He looks at where Steve has stopped awkwardly in front of him, keeping a fair amount of distance between them. “Steve.”
Suddenly uncomfortable from the praise, Tony laughs it off. “You wouldn’t be saying such nice things if you knew me before all that.”
“Wait,” Tony starts. “What is this? Is this, are you telling me to, I don’t know, go find someone new, someone I deserve? Is that what this is, Steve? Are you kidding me right now?”
Steve shakes his head sharply. “No, it’s— None taken. Tony, that’s, I can’t—“ He stops, takes a breath. “That’s terrible. You have every right to decide what you want to do with your suit, and with your company. It’s
He runs his fingers gently through the dirty strands and Tony gives in to his weakness. He scoots up the bed and buries his face in Rhodey’s side and he can’t hold back any more, little sobs shaking out from his chest, constricting his throat. Rhodey abandons his hair to wrap both arms around Tony’s body, holding him, rocking the tiniest bit.
“Seriously? That was damage control from the shit you all pulled in Nigeria, from Sokovia and Wakanda and DC and New York. I was the only thing between the team and imprisonment, Steve!”
He rolls to look at the bare pillow and instead sees a note.
10:54 pm:
Tony ignores him. There’s a heavy sigh and Rhodey sits on the bed next to Tony’s head. Tony doesn’t move, just blinks as the side of Rhodey’s leg comes into focus. There’s a short silence and then Rhodey’s reaching down and petting Tony’s hair hesitantly, and it feels good. Tony wants to shove his hand away, but can’t seem to find the strength.
Tony’s brain kicks into gear and he makes eye contact with Steve before spinning around to the computer display behind him. One handed, he starts to pull up information. “JARVIS?” he calls over the sound of the alarm.
Tony’s got no problem with that. No problem whatsoever.
“Stark.”
“Mind if I sit?” Steve asks, gesturing at Rhodey’s vacant chair across from Tony.
Tony turns his back on it all and closes his eyes.
Tony fakes a smile. “I’m fine. Great.”
Tony has half a mind to call out to him, ask where he’s going, apologize, something to stop him from leaving, but in the end he says nothing, and Steve leaves anyway.
“Is he for real right now, Friday? I’m not his fucking maid,” Tony snarls, sweeping the used plate and fork into the sink along with the coffee mug. “He can learn to clean up after his goddamn self. Tell him that for me please, Fry.”
And now. Tony Stark, buried in the rubble of his own home, under attack from an enemy he’d knowingly provoked to avenge his friend.
He blinks, not really seeing anything. After a minute or two he shakes his head hard and gets back to work.
“Steve?” His voice is hoarse from all the crying, his throat scratching painfully. He’s exhausted and he wants nothing more than to go back to sleep, but he's got to apologize for crying all over the other man, for being so pathetic. He closes his eyes, exhausted.
“No, Tony. I forced you into this. I pushed you away.”
“Look, they’ve been sitting here empty for over a year now, waiting for you all to show up. Just take it and say thank you, Tony, light of my life, I’d love to live here with the rest of my awesome team of superheroes.”
Steve doesn’t dance. He attempted to learn how to dance a few years ago, when he was first out of the ice, learned the steps to some of the old dances from his day, and a couple of the more modern ones that he missed while he was frozen. But what passes for dancing today is completely beyond his comprehension. It’s less dancing and more grinding, thrusting, almost sex with clothes on in public places.
"I think he's waking up," Steve says, voice tight. He's not sure how much English they know, but he knows at least the one man can understand what he's saying. He seeks him out, talks directly to him.
Tony gently cleans his hands and wraps them in gauze, though Steve knows it's a waste of time and effort; they really will heal in a couple of hours, tops. Sometimes Steve hates it, how fast he heals, because he wants to feel the pain in his hands and his muscles, anything to keep him in the here and now, to keep his thoughts from drifting to the war and ice and losing everyone he's ever cared about.
“Steve, wait.”
“No really,” he says. “I paid them to not report my score. Told them to say I was there for the alcohol. I think the newspapers said I was a caddy.” He shrugs, hand dropping off Steve’s back, and Steve misses the warmth immediately.
Tony shakes his head again, disbelieving and confused and so, so relieved. Steve’s capacity for forgiveness is unfathomable, something that Tony will never deserve, as long as he lives. “Never again,” he says, quiet but firm. “I promise. I won’t
“Well, goodie for you, while I sat here and imagined all of the wonderful things your silence could mean, thanks for that. You didn't even tell me you were still
“Shut it down, JARVIS. Save progress under I-M dash 44 dash G-T-L-T.”
Steve goes to pull his hand away when Tony makes a noise, a small whine in the back of his throat. He freezes as Tony’s eyelids flutter, but the other man just presses closer into Steve’s hand.
He's in a hospital bed, in a small but very nice room in what looks to be a foreign country, judging from the writing on the various hospital equipment around the room. Somewhere in Eastern Europe, he guesses, trying to remember why he's here.
Tony had come up to the compound yesterday, swirling in like a hurricane, talking about improvements in the training rooms and adding another wing to house more quinjets, and Steve was glad to see him, even if Tony seemed slightly more manic than usual. He found out later that Tony’d been having some kind of trouble with the board at SI, and that Rhodey told him to come up for the weekend, get some fresh air. Rhodey said the fact that Tony didn’t even argue with him shows how much he needed the break.
“It’s funny to me sometimes—and by funny I mean not funny at all—that everyone else seems to have more control over my creations than I do.”
It's a tight squeeze, but they all manage to fit, Pepper and Natasha sitting on the end of the bed, Bruce looking at his medical chart (he wonders how many times he's done that while Tony's been out), Thor standing by the head of his bed smiling brilliantly, Clint plopped in the single chair by his bedside, Steve and Rhodey standing near the back wall, by the lone window letting in weak rays of light.
“They’re trying to get in,” Steve says, voice low.
Bucky's mouth quirks up a bit. "You could do worse than a guy like Stark," he says lightly. He crosses the small distance separating them and looks indecisive about something, before he places a deliberate hand on Steve's shoulder. "It's still hard to remember how to be Bucky Barnes." He goes silent for a moment, squeezing Steve's shoulder almost too tightly. He struggles for a second, then says quietly, "But I know you, and you're my friend. I've got your back no matter what, punk."
“Please, stop Tony, stop, they’re helping you.” It's horrible, watching Tony struggle and not being able to get through to him. Steve has never felt so useless before in his life. Finally, a technician slips a needle into Tony's elbow and depresses the plunger and he relaxes almost immediately. His eyes slide open and he looks up at Steve, foggy with the drugs. He tries to move his arm but the cord from the blood bag stops him and he lets it fall back to his side. He tries to speak but struggles, and Steve wants to calm him, so he reaches out to put a hand on his cheek, rubbing gently with his thumb. He tells Tony to relax, that he's going to be okay, keeps talking until Tony's eyes slide closed again.
Steve snorts and is on his way out the door when Tony calls out behind him.
“Cap! Where the hell are you? Jesus fucking— Barton, stop jumping off buildings!” He fires his thrusters and shoots down the street to snatch Clint out of midair just before he smashes his brains on the concrete.
Tony opens his mouth to answer but JARVIS cuts him off.
Tony doesn’t move. Steve starts to look concerned, eyebrows furrowing.
“Steve Rogers,” the man says. “Nice to meet you, too.” His smile softens as he lets go and they resume walking, this time together.
Thor takes that moment to step in. "I for one am most happy our comrade has returned to us," he declares loudly, clapping a heavy hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony winces, but it's not too bad. Plus, he needs as many people on his side as he can get. He'll take the pain.
He happens to catch a glimpse of Cap’s face as he leaves, but he doesn’t look mad. He looks regretful, and he watches Tony wordlessly as the doors slide closed between them.
“I move around a lot,” Steve hedges, eyes flicking away. “Middle East, mostly. Iraq, Afghanistan.”
“Tony? Can you hear me?” He feels something squeeze his right hand. He squeezes back, and it hurts, but it’s worth it to hear Steve’s choked laugh.
Steve attempts a smile but it falters and disappears when he meets Tony’s eyes. His eyes shine and his mouth trembles before he swallows and his lips thin.
There’s a pause while Steve gathers his words. “I’m— I’ve been seeing someone, a psychiatrist, and I’ve been talking to her about you. Not just about you, about everything, but about you a lot, because you— you’re a big part of my life, you know? I love you, Tony, very much. I hope you know that?” He trails off at the end, making it into a question.
“Shoot,” Tony says, trying to keep his voice light, but Steve can hear the underlying tension that wasn't there a minute ago.
There are hands on his shoulders, pulling him back, out of the room, and it might be Hydra but he doesn’t care, they should just kill him too. He has nothing left to live for. He looks up, sees Steve lying in a pool of blood, his blood, facedown, shield at his side. Sees the small figure of his son in his crib, pale yellow wall behind covered in red. He scrambles for the catches on the armor, can’t find them his hands are shaking so badly, gasps out “JARVIS.”
Pepper’s in town for some meeting or other (Tony should probably know which meeting, he may even be required to be there, he’s the worst, but he can't bring himself to care). She comes down one morning with a stack of papers to sign and Tony is so used to Steve letting himself in that he doesn’t rush to stop working on the HUD of the new Iron Man helmet.
The barista looks regretful when he answers. “We do, but we let people leave with them after 9, to clear it out for tomorrow. If it’s not there there’s probably no copies left. Sorry,” he says apologetically, and Tony waves him off.
He and Natasha are ready for anything, staked out just a block away, but nothing happens at the conference. Everything goes smoothly, no terrorist attacks, no bombings. The UN agrees to take the amendments to the Accords into consideration, the conference is over, and Tony Stark leaves straight from meeting, climbing up into his private Stark Industries jet and flying off back to New York.
She smiles prettily at him and asks in a quiet voice, “Can I find anything for you, Captain Rogers?”
By the time Luke tells Leia that they’re actually brother and sister and Darth Vader is their father, Steve and Tony have somehow migrated closer on the couch, thighs just barely touching, with Steve’s arm thrown over the back behind Tony’s head. Tony keeps poking Steve in the side, telling him to pay attention, this part is important, you’re gonna miss it, because Steve keeps looking at him like he’s got something to say, and Tony’s not sure what’s got him so tangled up in knots but doesn’t know if he really wants to hear it. If it’s another plea to rejoin the Avengers Tony might just get up and storm out to make a point, and he’s having a good time right now and doesn’t want it to come to that, not tonight.
Suddenly the sheets are yanked back and Tony’s exposed to the cold air of the penthouse apartment.
Tony growls, literally growls, and takes off, overtaking them both on his way back to his team.
Before he knows it, it’s been almost two months since the breakup, and Bucky is a full member of the new Avengers, and Tony isn’t even jealous, because if it makes Steve happy, he’s happy. Well, not happy, but it’s good enough for him. Steve deserves this, a family, and his best friend back, and Tony can’t be mad about that. It’s more than Tony deserves, anyway.
"Tony, listen to me. I love you." Tony opens his mouth to object, but Steve doesn't let him. "No, listen. I love you. Bucky is my best friend. Always has been and always will be and nothing will change that, but I don't love him the way I love you. Tony Stark, Iron Man, the guy who drinks coffee like its water, who lets me sit on his couch and sketch all day while he works on amazing, world-changing things, who sees me as more than just Captain America, who isn't afraid to stand up for what he thinks is right. I love you, and nothing's going to change that either."
He grabs the Captain’s arm, probably overstepping his boundaries by quite a bit, but he’s a little out of it at the moment, he can’t really think past ‘Captain America needs me’ and some small part of him (the part that’s still ten years old and hugging a Captain America plushie to his tiny chest) wants to show him that Tony Stark is worth his time, he’s not a complete failure.
So instead of laughing at Yinsen’s words of devotion, he makes a hmph noise and leans forward to study the board.
Steve hides a grin in his sketchbook. “No promises," he says, then ignores the way Tony looks all too pleased about that. "Tony, go to sleep.”
He leans back in for another kiss before he pulls away completely, walking backwards to keep them in his sight as long as possible. “I love you too. Get to the saferoom and let me know when you’re settled, okay? I’ll be back before you know it.” Steve nods and turns to go, back straight and striding purposefully out the door with their son in his arms, and Tony takes a deep breath, lets it out, and suits up.
He knows Tony’s history, knows about the “playboy” part of the genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist. Tony’s been with Pepper most of the time Steve’s known him, but he’s seen news stories and magazine articles detailing Tony’s sordid past as one of the country’s most eligible bachelors. He’s aware Tony doesn't discriminate based on gender, so he shouldn’t be as surprised as he is to realize Tony’s flirting with him.
Tony’s dark eyelashes fan against his cheeks, his cheekbones sharp in the shadows. His lips curl up at the corners and Steve suddenly wonders what they feel like, how they taste, how they would move underneath his own.
“Wow, they’re not kidding when they say ‘playboy’, huh?” he says, shaking Tony’s hand, and the words sting a bit but Tony brushes it off with a chipper “Yep!” and a toothy grin.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, and maybe it sounds like he’s apologizing for overreacting but Steve doesn’t think he quite pulls it off. His voice is hardly recognizable, shaking and miserable, and Tony just gives him this sad, sad smile, shakes his head and pecks him tenderly on the lips.
So he heads to the lab after his run, coffee in one hand and a stack of pancakes in the other, because he’s willing to bet that Tony hasn’t eaten since he woke up (that is, if he slept at all).
In the end, it actually is a relatively quick, in-and-out mission. Hydra’s breaking into a laboratory, again, for equipment and blood samples and all other kinds of disturbing supplies for whatever horrifying human experiments they’re trying to run now. It’s quick and easy, and they eliminate most of the threat without a struggle. There are four agents that made it into the basements of the lab before the Avengers got there and are now holding hostages, which is slowing the process down a little, but Natasha and Clint are on their way through the vents while police attempt to reason with the hostage-takers.
“Tony…” Steve is reaching out to him with one hand, but when Tony looks up Steve stops, hand dropping back to his side.
grandmother, of course. He never knew his father’s mother, Howard was already well past his prime by the time Tony was born, and his maternal grandmother was a little old Italian woman who spoke no English and kept crosses on every wall of her tiny New York apartment. Tony shudders a little at the memory. She terrified him, honestly.
“Hey, are you hungry?” he asks suddenly. “Wanna go somewhere and get something to eat?”
It’s not long before the elevator doors open and Steve steps out, looking excited as he strides over to Tony.
Tony clenches his jaw and squeezes his eyes shut, forcing back the tears. He needs to be strong for this. He needs to do this for Pepper, do what she would have wanted, do the right thing.
He gets a text from Natasha, telling him to stay put, she’s found Clint and they’ve got it handled. Steve hopes so, because he’s not going to feel better until his team is back in one piece, safe and sound.
“Better,” Steve says. There’s a sigh, like a weight has been lifted from his chest. “A lot better, Tony. How are you doing? Really?”
Steve knew his husband. When he invited Mrs. Barton to the Tower, he had ulterior motives. Most of them involving the archer. Tony had never forgiven the man for what he had done to Loki. At the moment, he just tolerated his presence for the sake of the team.
"What is it?" The soldier said, crossing his arms.
Yet now, his brother - if they still were brothers - was smiling. Laughing and giggling. Both of the mortals gave him attention. Loving attention. Not just words but physically as well. Touching his hair, kissing his forehead, helping him clean up.
"Love you too, Steve... sorry, my brain is melting..."
"I don't think anyone can make you an honest man", Steve said teasingly. "But I'm definitely trying to make you a happy man."
"A what?"
Tony was waiting for him in their bedroom, patting the bed. The soldier smiled and laughed lightly. Changing quickly and brushing his teeth he then crawled in under the covers. With winter approaching, it was becoming a bit cold. His husband scooted closer, resting against him. One hand went under his sleep shirt, tracing his muscles.
As they climaxed he could swear he heard Steve murmur something in his ear. It sounded very much like he said "I love you", but that couldn't be it. Right? Not that he had much time to think, considering his orgasm completely knocked him out.
Neither of them missed how Bucky turned pale and then grey. Putting down his spoon he stood up.
The boy thought about it for a few moments. Pizza was only allowed for dinner and it wasn't dinner yet. He had been shown the numbers for that. Jarvis knew that as well. But Jarvis wasn't as strict about food as his dads. Because Jarvis couldn't eat.
"Noooo!" Screaming the mini god tried to push the bowl away again. Refusing the spoon.
"He asks for you a lot. How much longer do you think it will be?"
"I'm not sure if you are a pushover or just that much in love with me."
"You would, wouldn't you..." his husband sighed and leaned against him. "That would be no good though. To live without you... I don't want that."
your wedding night. No matter what, it is still special. This is your first night together as a married couple, as husbands."
Music was playing on a bearable volume in the bar. The patrons was mostly in their thirties or forties. Just like Steve and Tony, they were mostly out on dates. They also just happened to be in a gay bar.
"To find the culprit and make him regret it."
"It is possible Stark has made some form of cloaking device. Either way, send me to them."
"Did you call me 'apple pie'?"
"Uh... sure." Tony was fully expecting some kind of back-pedalling. Instead two warm lips pressed against his own. The kiss was gentle, but it definitely wasn't innocent. There were intent behind it. They parted just slightly and the engineer felt the warm breath on his face. Slowly the soldier moved closer until their lips met again. And again. Starting to feel weak in the knees Tony's mind was swirling.
For the first time in long time, Tony actually looked forward to going to bed. His husband still had injuries but he was there. Slipping under the covers he relished in being able to crawl up to Steve. Smelling him, feeling him. His warmth. In a week or so they might find a babysitter so they could get intimate. But for now, this was good enough.
"Yes. Loki is probably waiting for us."
"He steamrolled you? Yeah, he is good at that. You are going alone?"
"Hey, buddy", Steve said as he went inside. "What's wrong?"
"Okay, soldier. What happened?" Instead of answering the blond handed him a piece of paper. The engineer read it, and then read it again. "...when do you have to leave?"
What in the world...
"That makes sense. We will have to figure out what he wants best we can and try to help him make the connection." Steve said and placed the food on the table. "Dinner's ready."
No, he doubted Stark and Rogers thought kindly of Asgard. If his mother was right, and she usually was, they had gained
"Yay! Uncle Bucky!" Rushing to the elevator their son was full of excitement. Melting their hearts with his cuteness. "Bye bye, Papa, Daddy! I go now!"
"We love you too, Loki."
As the mortal left, the Thunderer felt more lost than ever.
It was kind of depressing to see how few items Steve owned. He had anticipated them having to go several times but it ended up being just twice. None of the furniture had to be moved for now so it was just clothes and some knick-knacks. Including a familiar looking sketchbook.
"That's more than good enough. I love you, Tony."
"Just wanting to make you feel good, honey."
JARVIS cautioned.
He had no idea how long he sat like that but suddenly he felt something touch him. Jumping he came face to face with the kid. Loki was looking at him with curiosity. When their eyes met, he started babbling. Again touching Bucky curiously, especially the metal arm. There was something odd about this boy. They never got the chance to explain either.
"You know, that's actually a probable explanation. But why now?"
"They are the same thing, just different names. I was honestly surprised to learn my brother was one of them."
Life with a toddler was very different from what he was used to. There were crying, tantrums, and messes to clean up. Both of them fairly quickly figured out that "Nej" meant "No" because it was Loki's favourite word. In addition, the small boy had magic that would occasionally flair up. Even so, Steve found him quite charmed by the tiny Trickster. Amidst all the chaos he brought, there was also a lot of smiles and giggles. And an endless curiosity.
"Loki?" He said in disbelief. The child was grabbing his pants leg but hadn't been looking at him. At the name, those green eyes turned to him. Could it really be..?
"Steve and Loki are at the park today", Tony said nonchalant. "There are some leftovers in the fridge so feel free to take whatever you want."
"Laura..." the archer said. "What are you doing here?"
"No..."
Sensing dangerous waters, Bucky stepped in. "That is true for most people", he said. "But some people have two dads or two moms. Just like sometimes someone only have one parent. Loki have two dads. Which is normal, just a different kind of normal."
"You should, I'm Clint's wife. Clint Barton, Hawkeye?"
"I know."
"He did it for me!"
"I bought a sizable amount of land upstate. I'm planning to build a facility there."
"... alright. You have a point."
"Daddy, I'm hungry", Loki said. "Food?"
Now they were at a playground. Surrounded by moms and their children. The tiny Trickster having a blast.
"Clean your ears, Thunder Pants", the engineer snarked. "We found Loki like this months ago, JARVIS confirmed that he has returned to being a toddler. You yourself said your brother was beheaded. This isn't a trick."
do it to
"I feel the same way", his husband kissed him. Soothingly and full of love. Kisses could really convey so many things if you wanted them to. "I'm really grateful to have you both in my life."
"You've found Bucky?"
Groaning he hid his head in his arms. This was too much. Way too much.
"Fine", Bird Brain said. "I'll wait."
"Since when..." she muttered. "After the water damage? When you started sharing a floor?"
Coming back from his meeting, Steve looked utterly crushed. Tony, who had joined Loki in some kind of game, frowned when he saw it.
Moaning the engineer had closed his eyes, just feeling. It was slow and intense. His husband kissed and licked his neck while thrusting slowly. Leisurely. Neither wanting to rush this. Once upon a time, Tony would never have been able to do this. Give himself over so completely to another man. But with Steve, he felt safe. Trusted him more than he had ever trusted anyone.
"Hey there, Laura", Nat said calmly. "How's little Natasha?"
"Did you remember to eat lunch?"
"Let's dance", Steve said suddenly.
"Tony! Over here!" Steve called. And there were Loki. Safe in his Papa's arms. Relief flooded him and he couldn't help but just ruffle the black hair. Thankful that nothing worse had happened.
"Don't say that!" The vehemence in the soldier's voice caught the engineer off guard. "Out on the field, during a fight, you are invaluable! We need you."
Barnes smiled widely and stood, picking the boy up. "Uncle Bucky to the rescue!" He said and went in the direction shown.
"Alright, away with you."
"What do we say?"
"My brother..."
"I know, but I would really like to dance with you."
"Daddy and Papa are superheroes", Loki said proudly. "Daddy is Iron Man and Papa is Captain America."
"Don't think too hard about it. I know you are still adjusting but once the renovation of Steve's former floor is finished, you are welcome to use it."
"Right, threw him over the literal edge of the world."
"No. You with the silly hat, yes you."
"Tony Stark, aka Iron Man."
"You... that's...."
"Easy..." Steve placed a hand on the engineer's shoulder. "I feel the same way but raging about it won't help. I'm sure Loki will be able to find good and reliable friends in time. Until then we just have to make certain he never feels lonely."
"Is he learning or remembering..."
"Have no idea we are dating, engaged now, and think I got some girl pregnant."
"I was just thinking, how would it effect something like sex? Like, you know, would it make someone do it despite not wanting to?"
Smiling the brunet held his husband's hand gently. Kissing it.
"Why don't you go and play with some of your toys?" He suggested but the boy shook his head.
"Being Captain America... is a job... we were friends. Would you be willing to come with me?"
"I want to kiss you..."
"I..."
"Tony..." Steve gave him a complicated look but still squeezed his hand lightly.
"That's..."
Maybe it was just the lighting, but for a moment, the two men seemed to be glowing. Natasha shook her head, when she looked again, there was nothing going on. Had to be the lighting.
"He often comes to us for that reason. We let him. It helps him sleep better and we get to sleep as well."
"Er... hi? To what do I owe the pleasure?"
"Ho", Tony said with a grin. "Could it be that you have a type?"
Until he collided with someone.
"With Loki you mean... the one who... oh... I see. And he is really a child again?"
"You are Captain America. I saw it in a museum."
"Is anyone here?" He called, poking his head around a corner. A few adults were sitting in some sofas.
Natasha narrowed her eyes, staring a the boy. "That's Loki. Isn't it?" She said.
"Uh, yeah, I can see that. Sam Wilson..."
"Oh, it will be alright, dear. Up you go. When did you lose sight of your dad?" Laura convinced the child to stand up and using a wet wipe she cleaned up his face a bit. All while listen to the halting story. Getting angry. What kind of adults just leave a child on their own? Especially childcare workers!
in golden letters at the bottom. It was subtle and it was beautiful.
It turned out that Loki had gotten hungry while playing in a nearby room. The guy who had been asked to keep an eye on the boy had not been prepared. When asked about food, he just said later. Which for their son, meant food was on its way if he just waited a bit.
"Damn. You got to let me take a picture of this."
"I'm not suggesting we get back together or anything", she continued. Yeah, that ship had not only sailed but also sunk and buried on the bottom of the ocean. Before he could say anything however.
"Feel what?" Steve asked.
"I'm sorry for not contacting you before bringing him here", his boyfriend said. So, a boy then. "And I know this sounds crazy but... I think this is Loki."
"There seems to be something wrong with my floor..."
"No." The boy said softly, shaking his head.
"No!"
"It's complicated", Tony deflected and placed the tiny Trickster on his lap. "And this is not the place to talk about it."
"We have not met before, I think", the Thunderer said.
Ah, such a beautiful sight. Relaxing into his husband's embrace the engineer was glad the day had turned out alright in the end.
wrist. It did feel a bit like exchanging rings without actual rings. "Let's go pick up our son."
"Take one of both then, if he doesn't like the one with pineapple, I can eat it. Sounds pretty tasty."
"It makes you wonder", the CEO said. "If he was this cute and innocent as a child, how did he end up so twisted. Thor didn't."
"Broom broom!" Loki sounded as he pushed something along the floor. "Look out! Here comes the yellow car!"
"No, but it would probably reduce or eliminate any hesitations. But the drug can't make someone who don't something they are not already willing to do. Including sex." Phew. So no issue on that level at least. "Why are you asking?"
Loki had accidentally knocked the tin to the floor when he was reaching for an apple. Making the boy think his parents would get angry. To his credit, he had tried to clean it up. But a four year old child couldn't do much. They had been alerted by his crying. Reassuring him that they were not angry, it had been an accident and accidents happen.
Hanging his head the guy left. There really were not a lot of people who could handle Loki properly. They seemed to caught off guard by how well-spoken he was. Not knowing how they should respond when his behaviour didn't align with his speech. Unlike the usual suspects who wasn't confused at all. Too bad they had all been too busy today.
"Don't be ridiculous", the thinner boy sighed. "Even if there was a chance he would be interested in someone like me, it is illegal."
Hugging the other close the soldier also pulled the tiny god into a hug. The small body emitting a coldness that was noticeable even through the blanket. Neither of the men were happy about it but both could recognise it might be their best option.
Cackling at the utter shock on the god of thunder's face. He finally went to get his cup of coffee.
It was a bit abrupt but none of them minded. Outside, the soldier pulled him into a hug and gave him chaste kiss. They were keeping their names, for several reasons, but now they were married.
"You talked to Bucky?"
"What do you want, Little One?" That was Thor. Thor scared him. The big god could suddenly become very angry and start yelling at him. Looking like he was made of thunder that was about to burst. For all that he could appear calm and mild, it just made him more terrifying for a small child.
"That's right. I'm Sam Wilson, also known as the Falcon."
"Why?" Thor asked, frowning.
Loki babbled something and the engineer laughed. "Sure, Lo. You can have a small package of cereal."
"There is no way we can try to return him to Asgard", the soldier bit his lip. "I don't think we should do that anyway. We have no idea what they would do to him and in this state..."
"It is done."
"One for the Avengers. The Tower was always a spur of the moment kind of thing and it is honestly getting cramped. Besides, Loki deserves to have space to run around outside."
"Wait, what?" Barton exclaimed, anger starting to show on his face. Bruce looked surprised but didn't show any signs of turning green.
"You know Thor, right?"
"True. What about you two? Want any breakfast?"
A very distinctive smell broke the moment. Making them both wrinkle their noses.
Just as a note, I'm basically using Swedish baby talk for Loki. So when talks, he is actually saying something. I'm not translating to make it the same for you guys as it is for Steve and Tony.
"Mmm..." he groaned as pleasure echoed through his body.
"Like father, like son, huh", Bruce chuckled. "Let's hope he takes after
Little did either of them know at that point just how involved they would be in the war. Nor how it would change both of them.
"JARVIS?"
Nodding the engineer thought about their dilemma. If Rock of Ages did this to himself, that raised a bunch of questions. If someone else did it to him, it also raised questions. Either way, until they knew for sure what was going on, the kid was innocent.
"I see", for some reason, Stark's voice had become very cold. "So you would expect him to be what? A brute? Cruel?"
"Come, Loki. Sit here with me, I will tell you of the forging of Mjolnir, my hammer!"
"You heard the man, Loki. No more ice."
"But you can only have one dad", Lila said. "Like Cooper and me."
Tony saw red and punched the man. Sending him flying. He followed, grabbed the shirt and punched him again.
He managed to find five books in total penned by his brother, and he also managed to find a book for novice sorcerers. It wasn't much and he didn't really understand any of it but there wasn't much else. Putting the books in a satchel he headed towards the Bifrost. Another group was heading to Vanaheim so he waited.
"Oh, it is no surprise he didn't tell you", Tony said. His voice syrupy and overly jovial. Steve silently hoped Barton would make it out of this alive. Not that he stopped his husband. The engineer wasn't the only one still angry.
"Daddy, blueberry."
The engineer felt his heart ache. Maybe that Loki had been different but when he tried to imagine it, all he could picture was his own son.
"Not yet, it is still a few minutes until the analysis is complete", his science bro said. "Can't you go bother someone else? Or make a new suit? Or something?"
Thus the engineer trying to get the device into the containment chamber where the device could be disabled. The problem? He couldn't get close enough. Even his Iron Man suits malfunctioned if he got too close. Meaning he was left trying to fix it in any other way he could come up with. So far, it had all failed. Shivering he glared at the thing.
"You need another hobby", came a sleepy rumble. "Hey, doll. What time is it?"
"Aye..."
Leaving his parents to stare longingly at each other. The soldier placed his hand on the engineer's cheek. Coming closer to share a few kisses. Tony could feel the reluctance to leave. He had an urge to lock down the Tower if it could keep his husband home. But neither had much of a choice.
"Shouldn't we help him?" Sam asked.
Feeling rather put out by the rejection the Thunderer glowered at the floor. Rogers came over and picked up the tiny Trickster.
While Barton got to his feet Bruce picked up the broken toy. The likeness to the adult Loki was pretty good. Considering the god had been an imposing figure, it was no surprise that many children mistook him for a hero.
"Obviously last resort. Once fried, even I can't fix them."
"Oh, you have no idea", the blond said and pulled his boyfriend in for a kiss. While water damage was no small thing, it was also a blessing in disguise.
Wait...
"Tony? Are you alright? Did anything happen? You usually works a bit longer." Steve said with concern.
"At max speed? Five hours."
"You didn't get any sleep?"
"You know this is a spell surrounding rebirth, yes? In order for the spell to activate, your death have to be injust and unwarranted. You can't kill yourself or do an act that results in your death. Meaning it has to be completely out of your hands and unjustifiable. Even then, there is no guarantee the spell will actually do anything."
It was a bit tricky dressing the boy in pyjamas but he was thankfully the child kept sleeping. He tucked his son into bed, kissed his hair, and closed the door behind him.
"Well, the first question is easy. He is our kid", the engineer said. "The second is a bit more complicated."
"Why not? He was hungry and asked for food. Easy peasy. If you were so unsure, you could have gotten him a banana or something."
"You need to keep him under control", she said.
"And I rather risk mine than risk either of yours." The calm demeanour was enough to make the engineer less angry. "I love both of you, Tony. Of course I don't want either of you in danger. I would rather die before I let either of you get hurt."
"...how?"
"Can you keep a secret?" The boy nodded eagerly. Leaning a bit closer the soldier told him. "I am Captain America. Daddy is Iron Man."
"Mmm."
As always, Pepper was terrifying when she got into it. Within weeks she had produced a falsified birth certificate for Loki, naming a made-up woman as the mother, and Tony as the father. She had
Looking at the smiling child the soldier got an idea. One he didn't particularly liked but one that had a big chance of succeeding. Tony must have been able to read something in his eyes because he immediately growled:
"This is his second chance", the engineer said as he joined them. "Let's make sure we are worthy of it."
"Huh. Well, here's some water for you."
"Hydra in SHIELD... they planned on eliminating every threat against them in one swoop. Tony... your parents... it was Hydra..."
"Good job, Lo. Wash your hands before you sit down."
"I miss him too, Lo. I miss him too."
"Who cares? It's
"I told you to stop saying stuff like that", Natasha berated her old friend. "Do you want to be kicked out again?"
"Also, we have some pretty trigger happy peeps in this team. And SHIELD was still an issue", the engineer filled in. "We just deemed it safer to keep it under wraps. He is fairly harmless, you know. Just a kid."
Tracing the outline with his pencil, Steve tried to pull forth the memory best he could. The confident smile, the mischievous look, and that furrowed brow of concentration. After all, there was just no way he could stare long enough to do this in front of them. Without warning, his sketchbook was pulled from his hands. Glaring at Bucky, he waited.
The blond paused. He then took of his watch and placed it in the billionaire's hand. "This is my promise to come back. Keep it safe for me until you can return it."
"He has missed you a lot", Tony said, joining them. Getting back on his feet the blond felt his chest lighten. Touching his husband's cheek he kissed him gently. "So have I, by the way."
"Thanks, that sounds good."
"Thanks, give Tony a heads up when the pizzas arrive. But don't tell him, let it be a surprise."
"That has to be the lamest proposal ever", the engineer said, snuggling closer. A tiny sneeze came from Loki but didn't wake him. "But I'm definitely willing to think about it."
"Hold up", the pen lady said. She looked at her paper. "He's not one of ours. He is either with another daycare or with his parents."
"Looks like he was hungry", the blond said.
It was odd. He remembered his brother from when he was still a baby. The exact same age. While he looked the same as he did then, he didn't act the same. Back then Loki had been crying a lot, often seeking comfort from either their parents or the Thunderer. More often than not, he had been turned away. Even admonished by Odin for crying. Frigga had been the only one to take time to comfort the child. Due to his own youth at the time, Thor hadn't really handled it well.
"Alright, Mischief. I think he has learned his lesson", Stark said and lifted the boy into his arms. "Right, Bird Brain?"
Yet on Midgard, Loki was once more a child. Found by some of the best people the Realm had to offer. Two people who not only lived each other, but also him. Unconditionally. They had also surrounded themselves with people who also cared. Who was willing to protect the boy. And he was raised into a happier person because of it.
He grumbled.
"Yup, all American made."
"Daddy?" The engineer blinked and looked at the edge of the bed. Loki had his arms up, waiting expectantly. Clearing his throat he lifted the boy up on the bed. Receiving a very amused look from the soldier.
"Banner... Bruce... I fell in love with him first, I was the one who asked if he wanted to marry me. Granted it wasn't a big proposal or anything, but it was still me. I've always been interested in both men and women. Just ask Bucky, he used to tease me about it."
Making a demand of Fate. That included a lot of different powers. Had his brother really been that miserable?
Looking closer he could tell it had been deliberate. It had to be someone who could move quietly and quickly. There were only two in the team who fit that description. And only one who held a grudge.
"Thor", she said. "I wasn't aware you had returned from Midgard."
Sam burst out laughing. "If that's what you want to call it. They are out on a date."
"I can't stay here for long", the engineer sighed. "That stupid thing is still spewing icy shit all over my workshop and will cause damaged."
"Is this a publicity stunt for the Avengers?"
"You are good at speeches."
"Lo is down for his nap?"
"Didn't read his file that stated he has some training in martial arts? Boxing among those?"
"Looks like he had a lot of fun", he said.
"This spell sounds very powerful", the Thunderer said. "I imagine it would take time to prepare it before you even try."
"Did he really say that?"
"Some fun, huh? Good timing, I was just thinking of making some love with you."
"Dates are important even after marriage, it is a way to reconnect and strengthen the relationship."
"Marrying you. You asked, remember?" Yawning the engineer seemed to drift off. "It seems like a good idea."
That decided, he pressed the button to the elevator, entered, and pushed the number for uncle Bucky's floor. He liked his uncle Bucky. They would play a lot and he was given treats. Knocking on the door, because Papa said it was important to do so, he waited expectantly. Then he knocked again.
"Yes."
Stepping into the kitchen he saw a flustered Bruce holding a wet towel, but seemingly indecisive on how to use it. At the table sat Loki and.... the engineer let out a laugh. The boy's face was covered in whipped  cream, his hands was even dirtier, and the clothes would need to be washed.
"Nah", Lady Romanoff said. "He deserves it. Better to get it out now than later. Besides, it is the only way Clint will be able to return to the Tower."
"Okay! Okay! I'm sorry! Alright? I'm sorry! I shouldn't have used an EMP on JARVIS, I shouldn't have destroyed the stupid doll!"
"Papa! Daddy!" He cried, getting up and running towards the two men, hiding behind the Captain's leg. Gripping his breeches. Looking at Thor with fear.
"Do we know your husband?"
Suddenly the Tower shook. Moments later, Thor made his entrance. Exuberant and loud, as usual. "Friends!" He said loudly, holding out his arms as if he was hugging all of them. "It is good to... Loki?"
"Who is a child!" The engineer roared. "A three year old child who knows nothing of what happened! And you decided to bully him!"
The Thunderer pondered this revelation. Heimdall wasn't aware that Loki was living as a child among the humans. Couldn't see it. From what he had heard, the relationship between Stark and Rogers wasn't apparent either. What kind of powers were at play here?
"If he didn't, he wouldn't do it. He has pretty good dads, you know."
"Wait, really?"
"A few do know", the engineer said. "Friends of mine. As for the other Avengers, they think we hate each other's guts."
Combing through the black curls Steve nodded. "He is our son", he said. "We don't know what happened but we do know that."
"They got lucky, I tell you that. They managed to get a picture of our smooch last night. There is no way this will not blow up."
The son of Howard Stark. Howard, who he had been ordered to kill. His friend. The father of Steve's husband. Which was a doozy on its own but... what did you do in this situation? Did they know? If they did, why did they help him? If they didn't, how would they react to finding out?
"Nay, Captain. I know not what nefarious things my brother has planned but he has fooled you all with his trickery."
"Thanks", Tony said. He had tipped generously before, so he accepted the drink. Leaning in close, he whispered in his husband's ear. "I have a reservation for us at the nearby hotel. Want to go there after we finished these drinks?"
Speaking of whom.
They had ran around like crazy looking for their son. Asking if anyone had seen anything. Some old ladies had mentioned that a group of daycare kids had left a little while earlier. Taking all kids with them. Making Tony feel even more panic. Then...
"You didn't seem particularly surprised about all this", Banner told Natasha, who shrugged.
It was already prepared so all he had to do was cook it. JARVIS had already informed him of Tony's intentions so he just asked for a bot to come fetch some food for his husband. Figuring the engineer didn't want to upset the tiny god while still being angry. After lunch he sat down and watch a movie with Loki. Whinnie the Poh, it was simple and seemed suitable. Making the boy laugh a lot of times.
"He ran into me. I'm glad I found you two so fast. Say, do I know you? You are both awfully familiar."
the AI was interrupted by a loud, metallic, crash. On his feet in seconds the engineer rushed out of his office and towards the sound of crying.
"That's not spoiling, it's parenting. Good parenting."
"If he didn't know, how was he supposed to feel grateful?" Steve demanded. "Besides, children don't owe their parents gratitude. It is a parents job to love and care for their children."
"Where?"
"You are going out again?" Tony asked as he sipped his coffee.
"Nooo! Papa! Daddy!" By now Loki was having a full blown meltdown.
"And leave this thing? It will destroy the Tower at this rate." Moving around a bit to get warm he suddenly noticed movement. Eyes widening he realized Loki had at some point snuck inside, the boy was way too close to the device. Tiny hands reaching out in curiosity. Panicking the engineer lunged forward. "LOKI! DON'T TOUCH THAT!"
The first few days after Steve left wasn't so bad. Tony managed to feed Loki and get him into bed on time. Whenever he needed to distract the kid he put him in front of the TV. Horrible parenting, bla bla bla. It didn't hurt the boy and it wasn't all the time. Mostly the tiny god was playing loudly while he was working.
"How large are we talking?"
"I know. You are softer towards him than even Pepper and she spoils him rotten. Guess this means I need to do some upgrades. Both to Tower security and to your code."
"Where are you going?" The soldier asked.
"So you are a god, huh..." Bucky said to the boy. "Of mischief, nonetheless. I wonder how much trouble you get yourself into. You know, I'm not even surprised. It would be so very like Steve to end up adopting a pagan deity, because he can never things by half measures."
"My friend, yes."
"True. Where would we hold it?"
"Sooo... are you guys dating?"
JARVIS let him inside and he headed up. Still with the tiny Trickster on his back. When Tony saw them he chuckled.
"Meaning we are both doing a great job of raising our son." The soldier kissed his neck again. This time he kept going, arms sneaking underneath the engineer's shirt. One hand went down his pyjama bottoms and briefs.
"Have I seen what?" The engineer tried sounding nonchalant.
"Then it's fine. Sounds like you balance each other well. Sorry for being nosey."
"As you command, my Prince."
"I think so."
"Basically a kiss mark. Steve really likes kissing my neck during sex, so he tends to leave marks. No biggie."
"So, that's really Loki, huh?" Rhodey said. "Doesn't quite look like the photos, does he?"
"Er... no. But families can be in many different combinations and be created in all sorts of ways. None of which is right or wrong. They just are."
"What kind of facility?"
"I would love to."
Tony had tried to teach the child English using cards but Loki would say the word in his own language. Not even JARVIS had been able to interpret his babbling. Which was odd since it was obvious the tiny god understood English well enough.
"He is a three year old child..."
from the speakers. Outside stood officers with heavy weaponry. To detain or protect was hard to say.
Humming to himself Tony cut the bell peppers into smaller pieces before moving onto the onions. Though not before he put on his protective glasses, which was just a pair of swimming googles. All while keeping an ear on Loki playing in the living room. He had definitely learned his lessons about silent toddlers.
The Gatekeeper focused for a moment. "The archer is with a pregnant woman and two children. I presume they are a family."
Calming down somewhat Thor eyed the boy. Who was holding onto to his Daddy, looking at the bigger god with some fright. Not understanding what was going on.
"Before the end of the week..."
Leaning against his husband as he ate, he relished in the closeness they shared.
"Ja!" Satisfied the boy sprinted off to play. They were quiet for a moment.
The soldier paused.
"What is it?"
"Sure, it is his All-Speak or whatever. He is starting to pick up English, or at least notice the difference between Asgardian and English, and we are familiar enough to know what he wants."
"Keep narrowing it down!" Abandoning his work he took the stairs instead of the elevator, running up to the penthouse. Panting harshly his husband met him.
"What else would you call a society that settles everything with violence and think it is fine to behead people?"
"Aunt Pepper", the god replied. "Uncle Rhodey, uncle Sam, uncle Bruce, and uncle Bucky." Pointing at each.
"This little tyke is a
"Thor mentioned something about Loki being adopted, didn't he? Maybe this is what he meant? That Loki is from a different race?"
"Good boy", Stark kissed the child's temple and hugged him. "Papa is making breakfast for us, do you want to help him?"
"Someone saw us at the hotel and managed to snap a picture of us."
"We have no idea if he knows how to use a potty and he can't tell us if he needs to go. It is probably the best option for now." Getting some clothes out he took the oversized T-shirt off. "Okay, Lo. Raise your arms over your head. That's right."
The engineer was also obviously working on something quite fervently. Muttering to himself and tinkering with something. Often at night when the soldier had already fallen  asleep. It had to be important.
It was quiet for a few minutes.
"Loki was a Jotun, a Frost Giant, that my father found at the end of the war with the giants. Despite being the son of his enemy, he took pity on the child. Abandoned for its small size. He raised him as his own son and a prince of Asgard."
"Daddy? Papa! Komma hem!"
"Thanks for the food." All of the mortals froze, looking shocked. "Daddy? Papa? I love you tons!"
"I... ha ...found... him..."
Barton started swearing and marched out of the room. Visibly sulking. The lady spy said something in Russian before excusing herself. Leaving the small family and Doctor Banner.
"Do you know who actually did it?"
"Sorry kid, I have no idea what you are saying..."
"Here", the Thunderer tried to place the spoon in the kid's hand. Unsuccessfully. "Loki, eat the cereal!"
Steve chuckled and kissed his cheek. "I guess I should say it properly then", he said. "I love you, Tony Stark. And I, too, very much want this."
"Let's hope so."
"Really? This isn't a club you know."
"...nothing..."
There was the loud sound of porcelain breaking. Tony stared at his girlfriend. She had thrown his Iron Man mug onto the floor. Shattering it.
On the common floor Barton, Natasha, Banner, and Thor were watching TV. They all looked away from the screen when the men guided Laura inside.
"My brother..."
Thor thought about a young boy getting a second chance on Midgard. "Is there more to the spell than just rebirth?"
"If you are here", Bird Brain said in a careful tone, "what about Lila and Cooper?"
"Heh", Tony laid down beside his boyfriend. "You know, that almost makes it sound like we are married."
"I see", he said. "I had intended to stay longer but it seems wiser to return to Asgard. If nothing else, the answer to Loki's current situation might be there as well."
Thor couldn't help but watch the trio. Both Stark and Rogers sat with Loki, one on each side. Whenever the Trickster said anything they would smile and reply. Often guessing correctly what the boy wanted.
Tony smirked. "So I'm your first, huh? That's something alright."
"Research facilities, training facilities, medical facilities, living quarters, equipment, vehicles, defences, and other things necessary for a daily life. Oh, and a daycare with a playground. For employees with kids. Grounds for exercises and training. Just to name some of it."
They sat in silence after the two left. There were no need for them to eat since they had enjoyed a hotel breakfast buffet. Steve let Loki in his own tempo while his husband played with his phone.
"Where are they anyway? Out on a mission?"
"See, I told you!" The armoured man said. "If any could do it, it was you."
It was sort of an olive branch. They could take it.
"That explains the date", Falcon laughed.
"Ugh, you just reminded me. If I ever find out which daycare that was, they will be in trouble. Loki could have gotten hurt! Why didn't they check before leaving the playground? Like, how hard can it be!?"
Okay, that was on purpose. The engineer had looked for a good place where they could just be themselves. Sipping his drink, he tapped his foot to the 80s pop playing. It was a very fruity drink but there wasn't a whole lot of alcohol in it. His husband had an arm around his waist, occasionally giving him a kiss.
"De läskit. Gilla inte va ensam", the boy answered. Unfortunately, as always, the blond couldn't understand the words. But he had an inclination of what it was about.
Although once the movie was finished he insisted on jumping around saying he was a tigger. That only stopped when the soldier reminded his son that there was only one tigger. Loki then started pretending he was Christopher Robin instead. Which was less chaotic at least.
Did she just say her name were Barton? And what did she mean by being work friends? Steve seemed to think the same thing. Because he frowned as he asked:
"Your.. friend... ... Barnes..."
"I love you too, Steve."
"That's right, buddy. Uncle Bruce has cooked dinner for us. Do you remember what to say?"
"I want to touch you..." Steve murmured.
"Hey, Buddy", Cap murmured. "I'm happy to see you, too."
"Aye, Lady Barton", Thor said. "My brother was wrongfully executed and was somehow reborn into the boy you saw. Stark and Rogers have adopted him as their own."
Pondering if he should have coffee or not this late Tony was surprised to hear the elevator ding. He was even more surprised when Steve walked out, looking kind if dazed.
Tony whistled. That was quite some drug alright. "How are you affected? Do you have to breathe it in? Ingest it?"
dating but..." the billionaire began.
"Mean man, maybe-aunt, Thor..." the tiny Trickster sniffles and started wailing again. Making his two dads look coldly at the snow-trapped trio.
It didn't make it any easier to be apart.
He was shaking. After returning to his floor Steve almost felt an urge to rip his sketchbook to shreds. Even though he knew it was too late. Tony had seen them, the drawings. Hopefully none of them would realise the actual meaning. Had it been Bucky, he would have known instantly. And would probably have teased him endlessly.
"Papa", Loki said. "Blueberry."
Steve would also spend a couple of hours every day in the gym. Keeping in shape, he called. The engineer didn't mind, especially since there was a noticeable increase in muscle that he was allowed to touch.
Loki was sitting on the floor of the kitchen , bawling. In front of him were pots and pans. Specifically, the ones that had been on the drying rack. Picking up the boy he looked him over for any injuries.
"Have fun, Mischief", the engineer said waving as the elevator door closed. Only then did he let out his real emotions. "I fucking hate Asgard", he growled.
"I wouldn't want someone else to touch me either", Steve kissed the engineer, trying to convey his love.
