Steve turned around, pleasantly sore from the previous night when Tony had walked into his bedroom just when Steve was about to go to sleep. Every inch of skin was still thrumming and Steve felt a smile on his lips as he turned to look at Tony’s slumbering form.
And without preamble, Steve felt something hard crash in his chest. This was no reunion, this was Tony bidding him goodbye. With that realization, everything that had been agonizing him for days erupted with a choked gasp, and there was nothing else. Nothing but Tony. The taste of him fogging Steve’s senses. His arms around Steve, holding his body as his tongue explored his mouth, fighting him in the only way they knew. Steve didn't realize that they had moved until his back hit the wall. Didn't matter. He couldn't stop kissing Tony.
The church was three-story high and occupying an entire block. Even now, after years of obvious neglect, Tony could see how impressive it must have been in its day with a sweeping entrance, huge bay windows and elegant columns. Staying in the shadows, Tony circled the area trying to figure out what Ultron was planning. He spotted a couple of his minions roaming the grounds and two more at a smaller back gate.
But he wouldn’t. Invading Tony’s privacy like this was unthinkable. Determined, Steve grabbed the letters and pushed them into one of the many drawers. There was a slight resistance though, and Steve frowned as he looked down to see what the problem was. The bottom of the drawer was slightly askew.
Deep in thought, Tony lay back down on the king sized bed. He’d made it a point not to have Extremis monitor Steve’s every step and he wouldn’t start doing so now. However, he wondered if he’d made a mistake by distancing himself like this. Maybe he should’ve stayed at Steve’s side for all of it, damn all the Committee meetings to hell. Maybe Steve needed his support more than he needed space.
he had gotten it right this time. The test runs had worked perfectly. But when Obi had asked DUM-E to so much as open his claw, he had only made that pathetic shivery movement to the side, then nothing for the rest of the half hour. It was as if he had decided he hadn’t liked Obi and just…
“That’s… unexpected,” Tony admitted. “I thought when your boss told me he wanted ‘a fresh pair of eyes’ that it was an euphemism for ‘it’s absolute crap and we need a reason to strike this out again’.”
“They’ve found us.”
“Introduce yourself…” Steve echoed, a bit overwhelmed with it all.
They kept walking like nothing had happened, and as soon as they were around the next six or seven corners, the girl reached up, and stopped him. She traced the lines of his mouth with a gloved fingertip. The leather was rough, and her touch foreign.
“Efficient, aren’t they?” Natasha asked no one in particular as she slowly pulled herself into a sitting position.
Another sigh, this one of resignation. “I
* * *
“You must be hungry,” Pepper prompted tentatively. “And you’ll want to change your clothes. We could order something you like… watch a movie. Or if you want to sleep first—”
The painting was almost life-size. The scene showed Tony—bare-footed, sporting his usual battered tank top and some black sweatpants. Steve had drawn him at an angle, but with his head turned to face the viewer. His head was propped on DUM-E’s claw; chin tilted down, eyes glassy. He looked a bit overwhelmed with the current situation, a little lost in his own thoughts. He looked beautiful and hopeful, but also so, so vulnerable, just as Steve had remembered him.
, you think I’m going to California.”
And now? He would just need to convince Tony that he didn’t care whether or not Tony was gay. That he would never just out a guy like that against his will. Tony was still very much in the closet; that much Steve knew for certain—as far as he could tell, not even Rhodes knew. And above that, Steve needed to let Tony know that he was his friend, no matter what had happened.
“Bucky?”
So together, they all walked towards the giant stairway that Steve thought only led to the upper part of the mansion. But apparently, he just hadn’t realized that there was also a slimmer, less noticeable stairway leading to a lower floor.
All of a sudden, echoes of Extremis started buzzing in his mind. The connection came back online on the next beat and it felt much stronger than it had before Ultron’s attack. Within seconds, it spread all over his body, settling deep inside him along with the endorphins rushing through his blood. The mixture was a constant pressure, cresting, and yet, in the end his climax hit him from nowhere. Without warning, Steve wrapped his fingers around Tony’s hard-on, and only seconds later, Tony cried out and came. And as his muscles contracted around him, Steve groaned and followed. Emptying himself into him, before falling limp in his embrace.
“I appreciate your concern, but I’m not trying to replace anybody.”
“Tony,” Steve breathed, horrified.
When Tony closed his eyes to get his bearings, he momentarily recalled the look in Steve’s eyes when he’d raised his shield and smashed it down on Tony’s arc reactor. That look had haunted him all through the nights to follow. He had wracked his brain if Steve might have, for just a second, thought of ramming it into Tony’s throat rather than the suit and came up empty. Possibly. Maybe.
“It’s what I know,” Steve corrected, shooting him an irritated glance. “Why is that so hard to believe?”
“Just like before,” Tony said as he ushered him to sit down. “Tell me when you want me to stop.”
Without warning, Tony pulled back completely. And to Steve’s surprised embarrassment, the first thing that ran through his mind were words of protest.
Steve must’ve fallen asleep at some point—so dazed in his slumber that he almost hadn’t heard Tony. It wasn’t until he stood next to him, with a hand on his shoulder, that the words registered in Steve’s brain. When they did, though, he almost jumped off the chair. He opened his eyes and glanced down on the empty seat next to him.
“Time went faster there, then,” Bruce conjectured. Steve only now saw him standing a little ways off, leaning against the wall. He looked disheveled, as if he hadn’t slept or even changed clothes in days.
who were still able to fight—stormed forwards. Tony saw Captain Marvel, Thor, Gamora and Peter—both Peters, really—rushing towards Thanos’ body.
“Tony,” Steve said after another beat, and heaved a low breath. His voice was crackling, electronic clicks breaking through the receiver. “I know it’s you.”
And Steve—he couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like.
A sharp, grey line sliced the canvas diagonally. He had to start the damn picture somewhere. Steve stared at the line with a frown. Why were things never just… simple, in his life? And
“Doing great,” Steve said, every bit the proud father.
He intercepted him, slipping the buttons of Tony’s shirt loose one by one, licking every inch of his skin as it became exposed, sliding his shirt away smoothly.
“Tony…” Steve prompted softly.
“I’m not asking for a name, I’m just asking if I know her.”
Steve groaned, and not in pleasure. “Tony,
. Would you stop it already?” Tony snapped, jumping to his feet and out of Thor’s grasp.
believe it was time travel, I… Christ, you
He closed his eyes, reaching out to Extremis. After a few seconds of zapping through the tower’s security cameras, he located Steve. He was asleep, though not on the bench in front of Barnes’ room, as Tony had expected, but in the workshop of all places. He was curled up on the sofa at the far corner of the room, and Tony frowned when he spotted DUM-E next to him, making low but regular whirring noises.
When Steve glanced at her, there truly was no contempt on her face, and Steve felt a small relieved breath leaving his lips. Okay… it was
“Because I care about you,” Natasha said with one of her teasing smiles that Steve both loved and loathed in equal parts. “Both of you. Even if Tony doesn’t want to hear it.”
. You were always soft at heart,” the soldier spat. “You might be able to fake it; you might even be able to make them believe it. But you will
“Wrong?”
Steve exhaled an annoyed breath. “Why don’t you want to talk anymore?”
For a moment, Tony’s eyes flickered down to his tattered jeans and the grease-stained tank top, then back to Steve’s perfectly groomed attire, and for some weird reason, he felt a surge of bashfulness go through him.
“Unnecessarily stressful,” Steve said. “We’re all here. We’re cooking together. Buck can chop the vegetables.” On the last word, a frown appeared on Steve’s face as his eyes flickered to Bucky’s form—and the missing right arm. “I mean, uh…”
A small smile graced Tony’s lips. “Your innocence is nothing you have to apologize for. Trust me.” He looked at him with a serious expression. “Do you really want this?”
“Do that,” Bucky said. “If he’s giving you trouble, I’d be willing to lend a hand.” He flexed his metal arm, the plates clicking, indicating a shallow punch.
So… effortless.
As always beta'ed by the wonderful
A long sigh shuddered through Steve’s body at the contact and Tony sensed the minute that he snapped awake. Felt him recall everything that had occurred. A pained groan left his lips. Then, Tony felt his lashes dance against his skin and the intake of a sharp breath.
Happy shook his head with a confused sort of look. “How did all of this happen? Media’s in a fuckin’ frenzy. Some are comparing you guys to terrorists—there’s demonstrations, the NATO called in an emergency meeting, it’s all kinds of crazy.”
Oh God, Tony was so… Infuriating. Oblivious and annoying and sweet and just... Steve leaned down to press his forehead to Tony's shoulder. This thing between them, if it developed into what Steve wanted it to be, was going to be hard to maintain, but the challenge didn't worry him. It was the evasive nature of Tony's words that he realized might drive him crazy for real.
“You’re ridiculous,” Rhodey said, but Tony could hear his amusement.
“Oh-kay,” Tony stated, flustered for a moment, before his eyes settled back on Steve with an intense sort of heat. “That’s… infinitely hot.”
“Natasha,” Steve said. “She’s on her way here, wants to talk again before she leaves for her mission.”
Should he ask? He probably shouldn't. It wasn't his business, and neither of them needed things to get messy.
TS 10:21 A.M.>Something came up. So sorry. Text u soon.
Tony shrugged. “Just tellin’ the truth.”
Tony immediately held up his hand. “Don’t say that,” he said.
The next day, Barnes sat cross-legged on his bed, his eyes trained on the title page of the contract now lying next to his bare feet. He looked considerably better. He also looked remarkably unimpressed.
A sigh escaped Fury’s bloodstained lips. He shook his head, looking up at Steve warily. “You were brought in when you shouldn’t have been, Rogers, but at the same time, you can’t possibly have any idea what you’re asking me to do.”
Steve buried his face in Tony's neck as a low groan left him. The pressure of Tony's hand against his dick was fantastic and insane all at the same time. He could barely hear his answer, but managed to glean from it that they had everything they'd need. How long has it been that a touch as casual as that was making him weak in the knees?
The engineer was still alive.
Steve pressed his lips together and said nothing.
It was something he’d protect now. Every second, every day of his life.
He wasn’t listening to Tony. “Hold still,” he ordered, setting Tony atop the island. “You’re bleeding.”
Tony frowned as he turned around and stared at Steve disbelievingly. When exactly had they reached that point where Steve thought he could be telling Tony what to do with his life? Sure, they had met kind of regularly in those last weeks, mostly in Bruce’s lab, and mostly with Steve helping them rearrange one of the other heavier equipment.
Tony chuckled, his hand still pumping them rhythmically. “You make me sound like a blushing virgin, Rogers,” he said, and even though he said it as a joke, he
“No,” Rhodey agreed tentatively. “Not anymore.”
The memory had Bucky’s heart ache.
“Yeah, I’m home.”
Jarvis nodded and smiled. “If you ever need anything, feel free to come to me any time. We are all glad to see Master Anthony smile again.”
“I just wanted to get a drink. You surprised me.”
But instead of dwelling into the deeper meaning of his words, Steve started to dress himself properly for their visitors. He selected something simple, though Tony had bought him many fine clothes during their travels.
“Guys…” Steve started in warning, then trailed off when a robotic voice suddenly resounded in his ear piece.
“Look, Picasso,” he said and pointed a finger at Steve’s chest—or maybe he was even digging it into his pectoral, Tony couldn’t be sure. ”You might be a prof, but I’m not your student, and I’m certainly
Steve sighed, one hand clumsily moving in Tony’s direction. At once, Tony reached out. Some innate part of him had to touch Steve. When their fingertips touched, he nearly crumpled at the raw strength that coursed beneath Steve’s skin.
Steve was still smiling that bright, fond smile, and following an impulse, Tony moved for him, wrapping both arms firmly around his shoulders.
God, this was awfully nice.
As Tony stared up at him, his eyes filled with sadness. “You didn’t exactly have a choice.”
Tony sighed, linking back in the comm.
“‘s n-not an o-overall,” Tony tried to snap, but there was literally no heat behind it.
“Every brunt force needs someone to point it in the right direction,” Steve said simply. Then, he started to tap the fork in his hand against the discarded plate in front of him, pinging it with growing force each time it hit the edge of the plate. It was a little nervous tick of his, one Tony found endlessly endearing.
Tony met Natasha’s intent gaze. “If the Avengers are over, the world might very well end when the next alien army decides to attack us. I love Steve, you know I do, but he would agree that the world’s safety always has to come first. Ian is part of this world, and he’s more important to me than anyone else.” His voice shook, he knew that, but his words weren’t any less genuine. “I wasn’t counting on you to join us in the first place. Frankly, I’m surprised you’re still here at all and not with Barnes. I won’t force you to stay.”
“I know.”
for him to be triggered. There had been two dozen soldiers with him—you have to see that there’s something off about this.”
Bucky hadn’t realized he was holding his breath until the weight on his chest lifted in splendid reprieve. “I… You shouldn’t have to remember this every time you see me. I don’t want to be a burden.”
, Tony thought with a small nod. That was better.
“I’m sorry,” Tony echoed, cradling his son against his chest. “I love you, daddy is sorry, baby.”
The irony wasn’t lost on Tony, that there were already rumors about the UN working on a certain document, a bill to finally keep superheroes in check.
“You’ll come up with something else later. It’s… it’s amazing, sweetheart, it really is.” The following kiss lingered and that Steve’s hand travelled down and landed on the curve of Tony’s ass was in no way accidental.
* * *
—and she had never opened up to Steve like this.
“Never mind.”
what he had expected from Vision—it had Steve snort without him meaning to.
A small, pitiful breath tickled Steve’s throat. That was definitely a downside to realistic dreams. He’d never been so aroused while sleeping. “So what’s it?” he asked, his voice hoarse. “You want to sleep with me—”
So eventually, he had cracked, and found himself casually mentioning kids, well, making jokes about it mostly. About which one of them would probably fuck it up more: the guy who flew nukes into alien wormholes, or the soldier whose favorite pastime was to throw choppers around.
There was a moment of contemplation, and when JARVIS spoke up—probably for the last time, Steve realized with a pang of sadness—his voice was very gentle. “It’s a date, sir.”
He looked around to see Tony now leaning on the other side of the island.
Tony’s eyes widened as he stared up at her. Nebula was murmuring something to herself even as she began to tremble. After a moment, her feet left the floor, her body hovering in the air. The Infinity Gauntlet was pure blazing light and once she spoke, her voice reverberated with the sound of many people speaking simultaneously.
hope.
…because it was one thing he could never let happen.
.” Tony leaned back, straightening. “I’ll have full access to everyone’s comms and vitals, at all times. JARVIS and I will operate the Iron Legion from afar, and if things go wrong, you’ll tell me right away, and you’ll allow me to get you out of there,” he said.
“If it doesn’t work,” Steve said quietly, but no less determined, “we’ll be left in a worse position than we are currently in.”
With a chair.
“Sir,” FRIDAY called. “The little master seems a bit fretful. The lullabies don’t seem to help.”
“That was strange,” Steve went on, as he reached for Tony’s shoulder to slow him down somewhat. “There was a girl, one of Strucker’s experiments, I suppose. I think she… altered my perception, or… did some kind of time shift.”
?” he asked Sam, who had somehow managed to sprawl his body all across the couch, munching popcorn as he glanced up at Tony. The sun had just set, bathing the skyscrapers outside in a dark hue. In the background, some kind of action movie was playing and Clint was waving his arms at him with a very bored expression, trying to get him to move out of the way.
Steve winced. This was not the way he had meant Tony to find out.
“No,” Tony said.
Natasha merely raised an eyebrow and remained silent, while Maria drank her coffee next to her. “In his defense,” she said after a moment. “They didn’t exactly give him a chance to do that.”
Tony groaned. “Don’t tear it.”
"Whatever it is you're so eager to work on can wait an hour, can't it?"
“What—”
“A friend,” Bruce said, as he sat down at his own workstation, staring at the monitor in front of him. “You know it’s a hassle to get the handymen here on such a short notice.”
you,” the man replied exultantly. “A Super Soldier of my very own; I’ve been waiting so long for you.”
Tony hummed. “Good. You should do that.”
It still looked like the robot was smiling, a cruel curve in his frenzied mouthpiece, and this time, it was a mixture of Tony’s voice and its own answering.
“Tony always wants bacon,” Steve replied. “His cholesterol level, however, tells a complete different story.”
Steve sighed. “You’re right about that one. Come on, we’ll get you to your room, you can sleep it off there.”
Their fingers laced and their eyes met. The head of Steve’s cock rubbed tantalizingly across Tony’s opening, and he smiled when Tony whimpered. Then, slowly, Steve edged himself into his ass and held.
“Don’t move, lemme do the work.” Sliding his fingers out of his hole eventually, Steve angled Tony backward a bit, letting his hand take the weight of his thigh. His cock slipped between Tony’s legs, bumping into the space from behind, and he could feel the clenching and contracting of his leg muscles, shudders rippling through him.
Steve smiled, but didn’t say anything. Tony would find out soon enough.
Bucky snorted again, though he tried to hold it back this time. If Natasha hadn’t cradled Ian against her chest in that moment, she’d have slapped him already, Steve was sure of it. “Point.”
Tony held up a hand to stop them for a moment, putting his helmet back on. And even though his face wasn’t visible, Steve still could see the tension in his movements.
across the room, infinitely glad he still had that effect on him.
“Yeah, well, you slipped,” Tony pointed out. “We expected that. Honestly, you were long due and, that’s all fine. It was a bit stupid of Steve to try this on his own.”
Tony leaned back in his chair, letting all of this sink in. He glanced up at Steve, waving his hand to encompass all the
“You good?” he asked.
On a shaky sigh, Steve sped up. And soon after, he pressed his face back into Tony’s shoulder and moaned into his sweatshirt as he found release for a second time.
. “Sports Faculty’s right across the street, sweetcheeks.”
“You alright?” Steve asked, his voice low, though of course he knew the others could still hear them.
TS 10:12 P.M.>Steve? Not funny. Where is everyone?
Tony shook his head as if to clear it. It took him a moment to sort through her words, and when he did, he almost couldn’t believe this had actually happened. This was the first time that he’d heard Natasha talk about her past. He wondered if she only did it now because he’d likely forget it again in a few hours, or if she’d actually decided to open up to him. When she sat down next to him, he touched her hand, squeezing it gently. “’s there any chance he’ll remember him?”
“Tony?” Steve prompted softly. “Are you okay?”
After he leaned back down, bracing himself with one arm, Bucky pressed his lips against hers and bucked his hips forward, grinning when she cried out as he reentered her. It always felt like hours as they got lost in each other, and it was times like these, when Natasha’s façade crumbled completely under his hands, that he understood how being human was meant to feel—if only for a few minutes.
it,” Ross snapped at Tony. “It’s not yours to handle! It’s clear you can’t be objective. I’m putting special ops on this, end of discussion.”
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Natasha greeted him as he stepped out of the training room.
“Long day,” Tony answered dryly.
Tony huffed. “What did you expect? He’s got my brains—”
“I know it can be a little overwhelming. But Jarvis will give you the tour once we arrive,” Tony said. “You’ll feel at home in no time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A snicker.
, damn it. Alright—Tony.” The hand settled on his shoulder, shaking him with firm movements. “
* * *
“Have I ever thanked you?” Tony asked.
He wouldn’t be doing all of this, if he didn’t have a good reason.
“Yeah?” Steve asked, sitting back in the chair next to the bed. “How so?”
After a moment, Barnes nodded and picked up the pen fixed to the stack of papers. He frowned at the post-its for a long moment, before he seemed to understand they were pointing to the signature lines. “I don’t remember my signature.”
Barnes frowned but nodded all the same.
"Most of these places are," Steve told the counter, before turning his head sideways to look at Tony. And sure enough, the guy still looked amazing. It really wasn't fair that he was seventeen. So close and so
“Ultron,” Bruce suddenly exclaimed, his eyes twitching in Tony’s direction. Tony glanced at him for a moment of mutual understanding, then stared back at the robot.
Tony cracked a smile. “You haven’t seen the wall.”
And then everything else.
Tony shrugged carelessly. “I don’t know, just pick whatever you like. I’ll see if I wanna answer it.”
There was a pause. “Fine!”
Tony smiled. “‘I, uh’?” he echoed, obviously teasing him. There was something about that smile—something that Steve had seen before. Certainly not with Tony, but with Sharon and even Peggy and—Tony leaned further over the island, took his face in his hands and drew him gently forward.
“We could fight him,” Steve offered, eyeing him. “But I think we should stick to the plan and try to steal the Sequencer without him noticing. And then bring it back after we used it.”
By now, Steve’s heart pounded and his pulse raced. He took a step backwards, then another, and bumped right into a vase, which stood on a small table, nearly pushing both objects to the ground. He grabbed them just in time so they wouldn’t crash on the floor, then slowly turned around. The last thing he wanted was to be caught eavesdropping by Stane, thus he crept over the threshold of the nearest room. He took a quick look around the small guest room, before resolutely placing himself behind the door.
Steve snorted, then started to laugh. A breathy, happy laugh as he pulled Tony into a tight embrace. “We saved the world,” he murmured wondrously.
"Whiskey," Steve said, shaking his head. "And nothing happened."
Tony raised his brows. “The hot cocoa you’re going to make me, haven’t you been paying attention?”
“He was surprised… then he got over it. And Rhodey will, too.”
He walked over to the windows, bringing a bit more distance between them.
, but Tony couldn’t help himself. And for the first time in weeks, he felt completely at ease, because he knew he could just do what felt right—because he knew Steve would
Tony balled his hands into fists. No. He couldn’t think about that now. Because if he
“I know,” Tony said, and leaned back against the tractor. Without hesitation, Steve’s hands explored his body, grabbing his ass, pressing his pelvis against him so Tony could feel how desperately he needed this.
And yet, Steve didn’t want to think about the inevitable end of their relationship when they’d only just touched the beginning. Before they’d had to part ways again, they had a series of moments together that Steve wanted to fill with happiness. Something he wanted Tony to carry with him for the rest of his immortal life.
As Steve had foreseen:
“He will be back,” Vision said, not quite understanding the sudden melancholy mood.
Rhodey brushed a hand over his short hair. “He likes you, I think.”
He remembered how Tony had sat on their bed in the beginning, wondering if he was going mad, and Steve thought he could finally understand how he’d felt back then. There were too many coincidences. Too many things coming together. And Tony was standing in front of him and he didn’t remember what they’d shared.
Thanks so much for your comments <3
“Talked?” Tony barked out a choked laugh. “Why did we not think of that sooner?!”
“You watched me,” Tony clarified as he leaned up, his face provokingly close to Steve’s. When he spoke, his breath reeked of alcohol. “I saw your reflection in the water.”
“So you can
just up in the air above them. Steve spotted Sam, hovering above them, and pulling out all firepower and directing it at Ultron.
“I really think you should lie down,” Steve said.
He was irrevocably lost in her. Lost more than he ever had been when it came to love.
He reached for Steve’s hand, pleased when he exhaled a content sigh the moment Tony's fingers linked through his. “Good night,” he murmured, drifting off into unconsciousness.
Which was why Steve spent a good ten minutes with staring into Tony’s blackened out phone-display, trying to put himself together as much as possible. He made a series of practiced ‘unsatisfied faces’, to Tony’s infinite amusement, before they eventually decided they looked as good as could be suspected under the circumstances.
Looking down, Steve felt his insides twist with the sudden want to be able to do that all the time. He wanted to soak up Tony’s warmth; wanted to take him in his arms and hold him close enough so that their memories became one.
“Oh what—I’m even supposed to
His hands wandered into his hair, roughing up the already messy black locks. “I can’t believe myself. I haven’t thought about you in years, and now you’re haunting my every night. Why didn’t I see this, you look
Tony lay against the tractor in all kinds of shades of exhaust. His legs were taut but remained bound around Steve’s waist, his arms linked behind his throat. And they lay contentedly, hugging each other for long quiet minutes while enjoying one last peaceful afterglow before they’d have to step out.
Then suddenly, as if something bloomed out of the crescent, it happened.
Their gazes held for what seemed like an excruciatingly long time, hers sad and steady, his full of confusion. She looked away first. “Неправильный ответ.”
Natasha smiled that quiet smile of hers. It didn’t seem to be quite as false this time around. “You’d be surprised.”
“You don’t seem too bothered,” Natasha offered.
“Right,” Tony agreed, his expression unreadable. “We’ll only get a feeling of what we want, no pressure, no obligations.”
Steve was crying against his lips, but he was also kissing back. Tony’s eyes blinked with his own tears. And in that moment, for the first time in their long and rocky relationship, it seemed they truly understood each other.
Deep inside, Tony had always known that paying for reconstruction and smiling at a few cameras wouldn’t be enough this time around. He had known that something had been in the works, had known that, come the time, they would have to face the consequences of their actions. For a long while now, it was just a matter of when and in what form those consequences would be laid bare for them.
This was how Steve had always imagined the ‘old Tony’ to be. A man driven by his own ideas. A man shaping the future, no matter the odds. He’d seen glimpses of him while they’d traveled through Southern Europe, and seeing that devotion back in his eyes now, it almost had Steve tearing up.
"I just hope he doesn't sue me or anything…" He pulled back, glancing to the still form on the couch. It was a bit worrisome that he hadn't regained consciousness yet. a knockout shouldn't last this long.
“No,” Clint agreed. “Do I sometimes wanna punch you people in the face hard?” he asked, grinning. “Sure. But this thing we got here—it’s good.”
“Oh shit.” Steve let go, his hands hovering near his wound. “Sorry.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “As if.”
For several yards, there was nothing but a long, winding corridor that felt more like a secret passage in a castle than anything modern. The room that followed was full of old-fashioned computers. Everything had a thick overlay of dust and the tech looked, for all the world, like it hadn’t been in use in decades.
Okay, fine—he hadn’t
Steve shivered hard and shook his head at his dark thoughts, sitting down onto the worn mattress of his motel room bed. It squeaked with how heavy he was. Wincing, Steve checked if he’d broken something—
,” Steve breathed in understanding. Now that he knew, the resemblance was obvious. “You’re… your name’s Tony Stark? You’re Howard’s son?”
Steve rose and looked down at Vision. “Can you please stay with him for a moment? I’ll… I’ll go see what she wants.”
He gathered his bearings, and looking up at Steve, he even managed a smile that hopefully looked suggestive and not seasick.
“It’s not,” Tony insisted, the wings letting go of Steve, and of course he’d be trying to get away, so Steve kept his hands on Tony’s shoulders, keeping him close.
“Tony…” Steve moaned and he his voice broke on the second syllable.
“What happened with you,” Steve repeated. “You look… I don’t know. Is it about Lagos?”
Banner glanced up at him. “He should be able to talk, though… I don’t know what’s keeping him.”
Dragging his blunt nails down Steve’s spine made him jerk up and arch his back, Tony grinned. “Practice away.”
“It’s what you wanted, right?”
The smell of pancakes hit his nose before he was all the way downstairs to the common room and Tony’s speed picked up as his stomach growled with anticipation. “Oh hey. Morning,” he greeted when he spotted Natasha in the kitchen.
“Chase down Ultron and pull out his power pack,” Bucky explained. “The sooner we start on that, the better, right? Don’t exactly see the point of making firewood right now.”
At that moment, Hill walked up next to them, staring down at Tony with something that wasn’t quite horror, but not much else either. “Get him inside, then we’ll discuss what happened.”
Steve watched as Happy met Rhodey’s eyes, barely holding in his grin. “Such delicate words, darling.”
“Tony,” Steve called quietly and when he looked sideways, Steve was holding up one of the blankets expectantly.
“Put it out in the open,” Steve demanded with a hard tone, as always opting for the most up-front way possible. “Let everyone know that SHIELD is compromised.”
Tony’s heated eyes met his. “I never even touched you.”
Steve sighed. “You know why.”
, Tony. And I know you tried your best. You always do. Please stop blaming yourself for this.”
he asked via Extremis.
ANYWAY. As always, hugs and kisses to morphia for beta-reading. And I hope you enjoy this!
This was
Seemed to be a lot of those going around. He would have to let Steve do this, of course. He had to. He had no place intervening. Steve was determined. That much was indisputable.
It took him another beat of contemplation, but eventually Tony dragged the towel off and away, scowling at him. “There.”
for, have you? Look down there. It’s easy, isn’t it? Why don’t you just jump?”
“I’m assuming that means you won’t punch me for the surprise visit,” he said heatedly, while pressing another kiss to Steve’s smiling lips. There really was no sense in looking back now, or in questioning how completely out of control he was whenever Steve was near. He’d been lost the first time they had kissed—a fucking goner. And now, after days of yearning, craving,
“What I do with my life is none of your business,” he told Hammer and stood up a little straighter.
The universe only slowly drifted back into a hazy focus as the tremors of climax gave way to shivery aftershocks. Lifting his head somewhat, Tony glanced up at Steve and couldn’t help the ridiculously satisfied smile that spread across his face. “How do you manage to still make this better?”
In any case, Tony realized he couldn’t live with his eyes closed anymore. Not by any stretch of the imagination. This was his fault; there was no way around it. And when all of this was over, it was time he made amends.
"Thanks," Steve said, giving him a small smile. He ignored the boyfriend comment entirely and headed for the mentioned room.
Tony had answered, then grinned at him.
It felt weird. Steve wasn't even sure it was a good kind of weird. Tony moved slowly, gently advancing, and Steve appreciated the pace. He didn't know if he could take it any other way. The rigid presence inside him moved with its own mind—Tony's mind—and Steve's eyes fell closed. Tony was inside of him. Maybe it was just a finger, but it still felt huge.
“Hmm,” Rhodey hummed, leaning back in the chair.
“More,” Steve repeated mindlessly, over and over again, and Tony complied by thrusting into him as hard as he possibly could.
Slurring a “no” at her, Tony tried to sit up. God, he was stoned out of his mind. And the morphine they’d put into his bloodstream was definitely the good stuff.
Numbness seeped into his bones and his surroundings faded into the shadows once more.
been so happy to see Nick Fury and Phil Coulson as in this very moment.
Would they think back on what happened here? Would they care at all?
That night, Tony murmured a lot of things about survival, warm breath on Steve’s neck, as he eventually sagged, exhausted and tired, against Steve’s shoulder.
“Congratulations,” he said, nodding at the ring.
with you? I don’t understand.”
Steve smiled to himself, not knowing what to say. And he was glad when Tony led him to the other staff members.
"Actually, they didn't do anything," Steve said, sitting down in the chair across from Bucky and looking at him closely. He was pale, but looking much better than he did when he showed up at Steve's door. Bucky lifted an eyebrow at him, a silent 'oh?' "I… After what happened, I just quit. They never court martialed me."
“Этовпервые,” Barnes muttered. “Обычно тебе достаточно послушать самого себя.”
With a sigh, Tony held him close, rocking him against his chest. “Shush.” Pulling him away from Natasha’s touch, Tony said, “It’s okay, I’ve got him. He doesn’t want anyone but me, I guess. It’s okay.”
It was also completely impossible. Steve would never have a chance in hell with Tony. Not after everything.
Tony sighed, shaking his head in defeat. “I didn’t mean to, I just… I lost control.”
Steve pressed another kiss against his cheek, then pulled away from him. Tony finished making his way to the bar where Rhodey, Natasha and Maria were standing. “Hey there.”
Steve huffed against his lips, defensive façade falling over his face. “Shut up.”
“This doesn’t have to be part of that arrangement,” Tony told him quietly. “I wasn’t sure if you wanted it, so I waited until you made the first move.”
“I have a déjà-vu.”
Hours of walking empty corridors, sleeping in empty rooms. Of nights that were more numb than cold. Of days with the hollow promise that things would be better tomorrow. That eventually, the pain inside Tony would start to calm.
Steve bit down on his lower lip so hard he nearly drew blood. “Tony…”
It wasn’t like he owed that man anything. He was only doing this for Steve.
“Talk to me,” Steve ordered again, and with a sigh, he laved a cotton swab with whatever disinfectant the first aid kit provided. “You built this program, right? ‘Ultron’? Why is it trying to kill us?”
can muster up some passion about it, you
“They gave me that leaflet. At the hospital. It’s… like a to-do list. Howard was in China, doing business, and my mom was—she sort of just tuned out.” He remembered how his mother had just drifted into rooms for weeks and stood there not moving for ten minutes at a time. She locked the keys in the car and she cried while dressing in the mornings. “So I read it and I did the things it said to do. I wrote an announcement for the paper and called the registry office. I deleted Jarvis’ message on the answerphone. I ordered flowers.” He ticked it off on his fingers as he whispered the list. “I cancelled his subscriptions. I cleaned his room. But the standard groceries just kept coming. Along with new Earl grey tea.” Tony’s whispers had probably reached a hysteria pitch, so he took a deep breath. “Jarvis was the only one who liked it. We have thirty jars of Earl grey tea, now.”
What followed was a void of everything. Time was meaningless, and seconds became a tedious pattern of repetition. He wasn’t alive, he wasn’t awake—he was simply… there. In the deafening quiet, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what would have changed if Tony had told him earlier. Or how things might have been had Tony not invaded his dreams at all.
“Of course,” Tony said easily, though Steve had a hard time believing him. “How do you like Stark Mansion so far?”
“Good. That’s good. I’ll call in the others. We’ll do some tests, first.” At Steve’s confused stare, he added, “standard procedure. After the Skrulls, we have this rule about confirming everyone’s identity. I believe you’re you, but I’m not exactly objective.”
As soon as Tony stepped into the workshop, he rushed over to where the bulb was still standing beneath the huge bell jar.
Carefully, Steve lifted him in his arms. “Stay with me,” he whispered in his ear, cradling Tony against him, kissing his temple, as he lost consciousness.
Tony opened his mouth to protest, but realized that—yes, that was exactly what he should be doing. “You think it’s that easy?”
“I hate you,” Bucky said, standing up from the chair and walking towards the elevator.
Secretly, he thought he could still feel him in there.
His future was as unreachable as it had ever been.
"What I want has nothing to do with it," Steve said in a stern tone, and finally took a step back, dropping Tony's hands. He could see the hope building, determination Steve should not be encouraging shining behind those brilliant browns. "I'm really sorry," he said again and turned away from him. "I have to... go."
Tony nodded once more. The one hand in his pocket took the old phone in hand, twirled it. The movement was almost habitual by now. “Well, it’s good to see you.”
He stared down at the tractor, fiddling with the screwdriver again before he put it down on the engine hood. Steve caught the movement, and Tony felt him smile as he reached around and traced the screwdriver’s hot-rod red handle. “Wondered where I left it last time.”
“Steve—“
. Most definitely wrong.
But once Tony’d been back home, Stane had all but dug his claws into him, monopolizing his time for hours on end, not letting Tony out of sight once.
He wanted to rush forward then, cradle Tony against his chest and kiss all bruises away, but Tony held up a hand in a gesture to stop right there.
With that, Rhodes left, and Steve buried his face in both hands. He would just tell Tony, and make him understand that he needed some time to think about all of this. That was better than not talking to Tony at all. He shouldn’t let Tony guessing. It was stupid. It was beyond adolescent. He would tell Tony that he was attracted to him but needed more time to work through his feelings.
“Look,” Tony began. “I know that you know where everything is, and I know that you know I know it, but I’m paranoid, and I won’t enjoy this if I didn’t give you the short version.”
“Steve?” Tony reminded him, and when Steve forced himself to actually look at his
“No, I—”
Steve shrugged, unmoved. He wound an arm around Tony’s torso and pulled him nearer still. “Would’ve told him soon, anyway. He’ll come around.”
“Honestly, I think he’s just playing hard to get.”
“I told Stark he couldn’t hide forever,” he continued, his voice now full of glee. “Let’s see how long it’ll take me to defrag his mind, shall we?”
Tony saw one of Steve’s hands slide between his legs, and squeezed his ass in command. Steve huffed, exasperated, but dropped his arm, anyway. “Hurry up, then,” he ground out, not even trying to hide his annoyance, then began to shove back on Tony’s fingers with impatient movements. He was bracing one hand against the backrest, the other curled around the side frame as he took Tony’s fingers, thighs starting to tremble after a while.
He frowned. “Limitations? I’m not sure what you mean—we can’t put our own failures on other people’s shoulders. If we fail, it’s something we have to face as a team.”
“Stark, I really—” The last word turned into an uncomfortable gasp, when Tony simply moved forward and gently deposited Ian in Bucky’s arms. He didn’t let go of him for a good few seconds, though, waiting until Bucky’s stance relaxed and he reached around to cradle the baby in his arms.
Coming home wasn’t an option, Steve knew that. They both did.
“And there’s no way to shut it off?”
“It’s not about being anyone’s employees. It’s about making superheroes more legitimate,” Tony snapped. “And publicly accountable.”
Chuckling, Steve ducked his head a little and let go of Tony in favor of starting to work on his own uniform. "Not sure about ‘human-perfection’, but you're right about the rest." He was already unclasping odds and ends on his own clothes, letting them clatter to the ground where they will. He was going to leave some of it on, but it wouldn't be fair to stay clothed again when all he really wanted was to feel Tony's body against his own.
“Come here,” Tony called over from the shower. The bathroom door was still open and Steve could even see Tony’s naked form through the transparent shower door, turning and twisting under the stream of water. “The powder’s off and I promise I’ll make it worth your while.”
Every inch of him was bursting with life—even the floor under his feet felt new. For everything good in the world, his mood couldn’t be better. Quickly, he made his way through the Triskelion’s hallways while working on the buttons of his uniform. He felt like he had just completed a marathon and that thought alone was enough to bring a light flush to his cheeks. His morning marathons around Washington certainly never made him feel like he wouldn’t be able to stop grinning within the next couple of hours.
Steve shivered hard and crossed his arms. Something was very wrong here.
After that—thankfully—the ice seemed to have broken just a little. Tony didn’t sport that haunted look anymore whenever they would ask to stop anywhere. Together, they visited ‘Hershey’s Chocolate World’ (beginning with the tour of the Chocolate Factory—which turned out to be something like a small Disney World tour) and stopped to see America’s largest avocado.
“Did you really?” Steve asked, staring up at him. “
Steve stood up from the driver seat and clapped his hands. “Alright,” he said, and because he really was a complete and utter dork who did grandfather-jokes, he added, “Let’s catch a ghost!”
He took a shuddering breath. “Not so sure about that.”
his Steve. And maybe this was a second chance for the both of them.
“Fine. He’s sulking because we didn’t find Loki’s scepter and went to visit Foster for a few days.”
“Cap!” Natasha called, and Steve spotted her racing towards the truck on Steve’s motorcycle and throwing the shield right at him.
“Yes, sir. Captain Rogers and the other Avengers are all present in the common quarters,” FRIDAY replied. “ETA four minutes.”
Tony just sighed in relief and collapsed against Steve’s shoulder, his eyes fluttering shut as Steve squeezed him in reassurance.
Afterwards, he’d asked Tony how long it would take to implement DUM-E’s matrix into a warfare system.
“You and I, we’re going to have so much fun together,” he said, shaking his head a little at the prospect. They’d live together, eat and sleep together, brush their teeths next to one another, and go grocery shopping together. They’d do all those domestic things, and he couldn’t wait for it.
At some point before dinner, Steve excused himself for a quick shower. The mission had lasted far longer than he’d expected, and he really needed to freshen up a bit.
“I know,” Steve replied. He blindly reached for their bed-drawer, followed by a hand that slipped behind Tony’s rear. His lubed middle finger rubbed him tenderly before diving inside. “Christ, you’re hot.”
They’d decided to meet in the middle, in some smaller village near Lisbon. The room itself was nice enough, there were a lot of plants and greenery, and almost everything was made out of a lighter wood.
There was no reaction. There was nothing at all. Bucky was blocking the way to the targeting console—and time was running out on him.
Steve cracked a smile, half wary, half amused. “You have driven a car before, right?”
been, for a long time. There was no imperative to share information, and yet, Steve had been convinced that they were at least being straightforward with each other whenever they were working together.
Reaching for Steve, clasping the hand around his, he dragged Steve back on top of him. The first contact of their dicks brushing along another was heavenly and Tony groaned as he wound one leg around Steve’s hips to draw him even nearer.
Steve chuckled. “It’s sweet how much you love bath time.”
“You have Barnes and Sam and Natasha,” Tony said, his knuckles turning white with how hard he was gripping the railing. “You
Now, though, Steve was strong.
“Good point.”
As soon as Tony opened his mouth to say something, a sudden dart-like contraption came flying out of nowhere, impaling Steve’s headrest about two inches away from his left ear. They both jumped back in shock, then whirled around to see the Winter Soldier standing on the street right in front of them.
“No.” Natasha moved closer. “You
"What?" Bucky exclaimed. "You're gonna let that shrimp drive you away? Not happening. Come on. Let me buy you another drink and you'll forget he exists in no time."
JARVIS was
He swallowed, trying to come up with a response that would have more than vowels in it, when he saw Bruce coming their way.
Steve’s head poked out from behind the folding screen, where he was currently undressing himself. He didn’t look too happy at the prospect. “They’re not the same,” he said.
“I can’t just leave him here. Sam will have to carry him back down on the ground.”
. Like a piece of home he thought he’d never have again.
“The valves to drain out the boat,” Agent Romanoff explained. “That’s what flooded the boat and sunk her. It never capsized at all. There were neatly drilled holes in the boat’s bottom. And the lower cabin where we found Mrs. Stark—it was locked. Can you tell me why she’d do all that? Knowing the boat would sink?”
Steve grimaced. “No. It’s a long story… and you’d never believe me.”
Steve smiled. “Next time something like this happens, we’ll know how to deal with it, and we’ll find a compromise before things can go south.”
At least, aside the idiocy that had been throwing himself at Captain Perfect-Lips, the trip was fun so far. It might not go completely according to his plan, but they were having a good time. Even the stupid roadside attractions were kind of growing on Tony. After leaving Gettysburg, they’d been to the ‘Greatest Pancake Place Ever’, had taken a detour to Woodrow Wilson’s library (Thanks to Steve’s and Sam’s nagging), and Rhodey and him had taken the most epic selfie of all times in front of a giant robot statue in Buena Vista.
* * *
“Sokovia was a failed state long before you blew it to hell,” Zemo answered gravely. “No. I’m here because I made a promise.”
He knew where the shooter was heading, though, and if he managed to jump on the adjoining building, they’d be on the same level. Steve pushed himself forward, and just as he expected it—the roof proved to be a dead-end. Steve ran towards the next window front and held the shield in front of his body, before jumping against the glass. It burst into a Million shards, sending him onto the pavement. He fell and only just managed to roll himself back on his feet, before the man was already sprinting towards the edge. And Steve did the only thing left, and flung his shield at him with full speed.
When Tony glanced at him, he saw Steve struggling with words. He smiled at him, bringing their foreheads together as he put a hand on Steve’s cheek. “Yeah, I know. Sorry for turning up here like this, I just figured if I’d give you a heads-up, one of us would get sucked into another dimension or something.”
Feeling Tony's desperation in more than one sense, Steve responded to his request with a quickening of the pace and deeper thrusts—not much of either, just enough. He let his skimming fingers finally take hold of Tony's cock, stroking him in time with their motions as best as he could.
Steve stilled—as he always did whenever Tony showed him unexpected affections. Especially in public like this. But the others truly didn’t seem to care—they just smiled at them.
“Need to keep myself occupied. I’m easily bored.” Tony smiled as he let his knife move across a larger piece of wood in his lap.
“With all due respect, this is something we can only discuss with Mister Stark himself.”
“You said you thought it was artificial. Do you… I mean, do you enjoy yourself more than you did before?”
Still, eventually Steve stood up and walked outside. At first, he didn’t even see Tony. There were many people on the road, but Tony was nowhere to be seen.
“Of course,” Steve agreed, and only let his grin show when Vision had already turned around.
Maybe Tony already was in a relationship? Maybe he had a girl at home, or even a family, and these dreams were just a little adventure for him.
“It was worth it,” Tony said. Steve didn’t need to ask what he meant, but Tony told him anyway. “The pain after Sokovia, after Siberia… it was worth all of it. The arc reactor, finding out about Bucky, losing you over him… all of it. Got no regrets.” He bit his lip, then laughed, a sort of wheezing sound, and shook his head. “Well, we both know that’s a lie. But I’ll never regret
Whatever it was—it was obviously too late now to do anything about it.
Tony sighed heavily. He walked into the living room and dropped, a little disappointed, onto the couch. His gaze swept through the empty room, frowning at the boxes once more. Steve would’ve told him about this, Tony was sure of it. Unless, of course, this was a spur of the moment decision, in which case, something would have gone wrong on his latest mission.
Steve didn’t really keep track of the days after that. It didn’t matter to him any more.
“They’ll applaud, they’ll take my money, these things always end the same way. You need me in Lagos. Take Natasha and Clint and Thor. And you should call Sam.”
“How long can you stay?” he asked. A glance down to his watch confirmed that they didn’t have a lot of time left before he needed to shut down the jammer or risk the alarms going off.
"God, this is good," he breathed, rolling his hips against Steve and pressing broken moans into his neck. His fingers were digging into Steve's shoulder and... this could be enough, would
"Is it moving on its own?" Even to his own ears, Steve sounded awed, but he didn't care. Technology had always fascinated him—it seemed like magic, really, and he didn't mind if Tony poked fun at him about it.
Tony hummed thoughtfully as he turned towards Steve, putting his hands on Steve’s waist. “This beats the shady club from back then,” he mused. “Though I still remember fondly how you went all jealous caveman-Steve on me.”
Steve grinned. “But that’s only half the fun.”
He took a deep breath, schooling his expression as he cleared his throat. “Well," he said. “That’s a… surprise.”
Steve might not have
* * *
He knew he should follow Barnes’ advice, going right after Steve and begging for forgiveness, but this wasn’t the time right now. Not with Ultron on the loose. And… as long as he didn’t face Steve, he could hope he still had his love. It was better than the alternative. Better than what he had to lose—
that you’re not twenty anymore. Don’t try to talk yourself out of it by making excuses for me.”
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954] New Client (chat_server:46955) is offline
Steve swallowed hard, reactionary senses on autopilot. He couldn’t trust himself otherwise. “Prove it.”
Steve followed his line of sight, then sighed. “Right. Thanks.”
Tony knew he was in for another sleepless night.
“Did he just—” Steve started incoherently. One of his hands was still tightly curled around Tony’s cock, and Tony had been deliciously grinding his hip down against Steve’s erection, and that was admittedly making it a bit difficult to form a decent thought. On the next beat, Steve gave off an
“Steve,” he gasped, earning a particularly sharp thrust. And then sensory started to fade—his gaze went blurry and his knees weakened even as his legs refused to let Steve go. His grasp on him became anxious, his eyes watering. He scrambled for hold on the tractor, grabbing the steering wheel with one hand and the old steam vent with the other.
Steve pursed his lips. “And I wanted some time with you, too, before we had to… in case…”
The predatory movements never waned, like a rabid dog on the hunt. Steve swallowed, averting his eyes from Bucky for just a moment to look him over. His black tee was dotted with burn marks and holes, as if he’d been sprayed with slag, but nothing else seemed out of place.
Tony remained quiet for a few long moments, and when he raised his voice again, it felt as if he was far, far away. “Sometimes those little bottles contain demons,” he said, “they have a way of sneaking up on you… just as you're trying desperately to forget.”
“Stark’s here. And Steve said we should join them in the kitchen.”
Tony heaved a big breath. “I promise. Ross got that new fancy prison, but I’ll find a way.”
Steve neared the bed, holding Tony’s intense stare. His eyes all but swallowed Steve whole as he moved. He had such gorgeous expressive eyes. Steve had been so foolish to believe Tony wasn’t every bit the type of guy Steve would find himself drawn to.
Steve’s circling fingers were gaining speed, and of their own volition, Tony’s legs drifted apart, his clothed feet sliding soundlessly on the stone floor. The answering chuckle in his ear just flared the fire in his groin, and the next sound to escape Tony’s parted lips was undeniably more of a moan. Steve’s fingernails were lightly scratching the sensitive skin of his dick, his touches remained soft, and Tony felt himself going mad from the building tension. Part of him wanted to smack him and tell him to get on with the show, while the rest of him thought he might just orgasm from this alone.
And he wouldn’t.
The minute he had Tony back here, he was going to tell him everything, he would yell at him for disappearing just like that, hug him close, and then they would talk. All reservations aside. They would talk. Tony had to now. This constant avoidance was getting them nowhere. It had to be all or nothing. Right now. Tonight.
“No.” Natasha smiled and cast a long glance in the direction of the elevator. “Tony said it’ll be another fifteen before the arm’s back online, and that doesn’t include any fine-tuning, so I think James is out of the picture.”
He couldn’t be blamed for wanting to kiss a man in here.
“It’s DUM-E’s first server number,” Steve said, smiling knowingly. “Plus Edwin Jarvis’ birthdate.”
“It’s nothing. You alright?”
He was exhausted from hours of hunting rabbits and he needed a drink. However, when he got out of the bushes to where the moss was flat and the ground was clear around the river’s edge, what he saw stopped him in his tracks.
There was nothing. Bucky didn’t even blink.
His gaze slowly travelling back to Steve, he watched his bewildered eyes of crystal blue blinking, blank and confused. There was another choked-up gasp, and Tony deliberately tried to steady his own breathing, to regain control of his racing adrenaline. “All good,” he said, gulping in a deep draught of air. “That was stupid, sorry. You okay?”
“Yeah?”
“You’re not naked enough,” Tony pointed out, glancing down at Steve’s jeans.
Like he was used to doing this every day.
“More?”
“Tony…” Steve breathed out. And he knew, it all lay in Tony’s hands now. Extremis had given him that power. It was power in its purest form. He could easily let Project Insight do what it had set out to do; he could let it kill all those people, if it only meant to save Steve. He could doom the whole world with so much as a simple thought, if it meant Steve would live.
When Tony straightened up again, his gaze travelled over the vast space of the workshop. His body stilled. “I used to come here to clear my thoughts, you know,” he said without looking at Steve. “It was my sanctuary and I came here at least once a day… even when life was at its busiest.”
Next chapter will be up soon!
Well… at least, he’d look the part.
Last night, Reed Richards and Bruce had both confirmed that he’d been hit by the Time Gem. The traces the Infinity Stone had left on him were unmistakable—apparently. He’d been hit by the Stone’s power and flung through time, catapulting him here.
Steve hadn’t exactly expected to be welcomed with open arms. He had known that being around Tony would be a mild steppingstone, at best. But it still came as a surprise as to how many things could actually go wrong in a single day.
“Sap,” he chided when he saw Steve’s adoring expression.
Steve nodded. “Then start collecting and smoking food for winter. We shouldn’t start looking for civilization now. Might get caught without food or shelter. I’d camp out here until the weather gets warmer. Start looking then.”
“Maybe not, my friend.”
Clint nodded, as if all of that was absolutely self-explanatory.
It took two more weeks before he called Steve again. This time, however, Steve didn’t say a word either. Tony managed a whole minute of listening to his shallow breathing before he ended the call once more.
It was already late noon when the others finally returned to the camping grounds. And when they left town, Steve took up position as driver, and even though Tony was handling the map, there weren’t a lot of words exchanged between them. Just the usual ‘can you pass me the water’, ‘next turn?’, ‘no keep going’ and so forth. They didn’t talk more than that, though every few seconds Tony felt the slow sizzle of Steve’s eyes as he alternated from staring at him to staring at the road ahead.
“It’s…” Steve took a low breath. “Not as weird as I thought it would be.”
—finally taking big gulps of air without any hindrance.
“Good. Just move with me,” Tony murmured, flashing Steve a reassuring smile. His movements had Steve’s insides burning almost to the brink of pain.
Steve nodded, watching Tony as he stood up. “I’ll be gone by midday.”
“And this is where it happened?” Steve asked as they came to a stop in the middle of the arrival hall. The sun beat down on them, and there were little birds chirping from their places on the balustrades.
"Ma would've been mortified," Steve said, eyes set firmly on the table between them.
And Steve had kept himself busy as well, talking to Wanda and Pietro, refusing to think about having lost one of his dearest friends, with no way to get him back any time soon.
It wasn’t out of the question that Tony might have heard of Captain America before, his face was on posters all over the country at this point, but Steve had no idea why it made him so angry.
He had no idea what to do about it—and Tony’s lips were already moving on his, he was
,” Steve snapped with a warning tone. “Are you crazy? You can’t possibly know what this will do—”
, yes,” Bucky said, huffing as he seemed to remember. “It was pathetic. But if it makes you feel better: Tony was just as bad.”
“You mean something that didn’t involve yelling and death threats?”
. Screamed until his lungs gave out.
“There,” Tony breathed admiringly, heavy eyes taking in the full sight of him.
“Me neither.”
“What, you got plans for tomorrow?” Tony asked, a mocking tone in his voice.
"So that's what you're doing down there?" Steve asked on a smile of his own. He walked over to the workstation and deposited the food there before approaching the creeper, and the incomplete suit—a marvel he'd rarely had the chance to see anywhere but with Tony in it. "I thought you'd be at the station," he said, indicating towards it with his head.
“Yes,” Steve said, sounding more certain than he felt.
“Oh, I’m sure you didn’t,” Stane replied, his voice pointedly light, but it still had Steve shudder. And for the first time, the reality of his situation sank in: From now on, he would be living in someone else’s house, sleeping in someone else’s bed with someone else’s husband, and he was surrounded by strangers.
Stepping out of the bathroom, Tony found Steve already lying in bed, and glanced down at the STARK logo on his pajama top.
A defiant grin, unbidden, rose to Tony’s lips as he waved at all of them from the doorway. “Hello, everyone,” he said, the words rolling off his tongue strangely. Vision and Wanda nodded their heads in greeting, while Natasha gave him an amused once-over and said a hello.
“You’re not exactly my type,” Steve lied, maybe just to rile him up a little.
Steve shook his head. “It’s fine,” he dismissed. “Is there somewhere I can change? Take a shower?”
He raised his knees, shifting a bit and willing his erection to go the fuck down. Only that thinking about a young Matt Damon really didn’t help his case much.
He swallowed. “But… Mister Hammer just hired me because he wants someone to appreciate his inventions. I offer a few ideas on his designs, sure, but it’s… it’s really not that important. Not for people like
There was softness in her eyes that hadn’t been there before. “Нет,” she disagreed with a gentle tone. “Всё именно так, как и должно быть.”
Natasha made to leave, but after a few steps, she paused. “Oh, and, Steve?”
Only 2 more chapters to go folks! Hope you're enjoying it :)
Steve nodded, mind in a haze, but that was definitely true. All of him belonged to Tony.
Bucky shook his head at Steve. “And how do you know that your presence won’t make it worse?” he asked. “If you get caught up in the fire, you’ll tear the whole team apart, Steve… Me, I… I don’t matter that much.”
Steve reached for his hand then, and Tony
She breathed against his lips as he slowly pulled out, keeping only the tip of his finger inside. Closing her eyes again, she gasped for air, lolling her head to the side.
you?” Tony repeated on a frown. “I… Come on, we both know that’s not what this is about. You realize I’m in my mid-forties now, right? You haven’t aged a day. Let’s be realistic here.”
“Yeah, sure. I’ll get through,” Tony said, and eyed Peter. "And you? Any ‘teenager problems’?”
it. That was the amazing thing. Every single morning, he had it.
What he missed most was her unimpressed face, though, complete with crossed arms and suspicious eyes. Her cute ‘don’t-mess-with-me’ attitude that had made him fall a little harder for her every time. It was no use. When she’d wake up, she wouldn’t be there.
“He wouldn’t let me down, it’s not… Christ, I don’t expect him to be
Steve leaned back down, brushing his nose along Tony’s. “You forgot ‘incredibly sexy’, and ‘world’s best kisser’.“
Bucky was quiet for a moment, then nodded his head like he'd made a decision. "Alright. We're going out. Tonight. Any ideas?" Bucky was eyeing him expectantly and Steve only shifted in his chair, shrugging. "You… never go out, do you? Oh Stevie, look at you. Thirty years old and being hit on by children on campus. We're going out and we'll find you someone to hookup with."
Only when Rhodey spotted him walking in, a jolt seemed to go through his body. In a flash, he heaved himself to his feet and all but stormed over to him, pulling Tony into a fierce hug.
Tony still remembered vividly how Steve could inspire so much grief. And yet, his love for Steve couldn’t die. It was the one thing he knew was everlasting. His love for Steve would survive him, the world—the whole damn universe.
The door opened again as Bucky came in with a box of donuts. He only nodded his greetings as he stepped past him in silence.
He hadn’t even wanted to go to any of the pre-graduation parties, and those were usually the big highlights of every semester. Free alcohol, free make-out sessions and a happy ending at the end of the night, if you played your cards right.
Tony still hesitated, so without further ado, Steve stripped out of his pants, shirt and underwear and jumped right in.
Tony looked up again, and blinked when he spotted Steve walking around the tent outside. He had a blanket in hand and spread it on the grass. He lay down on it, both arms crossed behind his head as he gazed up into the sky.
While the morning they’d shared together had been perfect, blissful, happy, it seemed that with each passing mile, Tony’s good mood disappeared a little bit more.
Bruce nodded. He was already fixing up an infusion, and Tony was so out of it, he didn’t even feel the needle pierce his arm.
Steve used that moment of hesitation to punch Bucky with the shield as hard as he could in the ribs and luckily, it took him by surprise long enough for him to wriggle out of his grasp and gain some distance between them. “Sorry,” he said sincerely when Bucky looked up at him with a flash of surprise. “This hurts me more than it hurts you,” he said, and he gripped a fistful of Bucky’s brown hair and pulled his head up, and then bashed it into the tile below.
"Why do you think Stark came over?" he asked.
Steve was alive. He had to be. And as of now, that was all that mattered. For now, things could still be amended. If Steve only got back here.
The wet suctioning sounds filling the air between their shared pants only fueled the growing inferno in Steve’s belly. God, he could barely keep up with Tony. There were only the steady thrusts of his hips against Steve’s, and the eager slap of his balls against his Steve’s own every time he arched off of him. He heard the squeaking of the mattress beneath their thrusting bodies and shivered at the stream of words Tony likely wasn’t even aware he released into the hot air between them.
Tony had never even wanted him to.
He swallowed hard. The witty parts of his brain had clearly abandoned him. “I know I’m a bit younger than you,” he admitted helplessly. “But no one has to know right? You're not
Tony blinked himself back into the room. “You’re one of the guys who apprehended Khalid Khandil three years ago,” he stated, snorting at the absurdity of it all. What were the goddamn odds that Steve would
Bucky snorted, leaning back and taking a large swig. “And there they are. Heart-eyes. God, this is 2019 all over again.”
Tony swallowed, and there was a dark feeling settling in his stomach. Of course, it shouldn’t be surprising. Steve was a good catch. He was a superhero, famous, really good-looking, a nice person with good morals and a weirdly dry sense of humor that had roused a startled laugh from Tony more often than he cared to admit. Steve was a good guy… why should he stay single forever? A man like Steve… despite claiming that it wasn’t a life he wanted anymore, would of course at one point find a nice girl and settle down with her.
For once, Tony did as he was told. He pulled off the metal cap and let it drop on its cables to the side of the machine. He rubbed his temples where the pincers had dug.
Pepper tried not to smile, but didn’t succeed at all.
“And with ‘the job’, she means me,” Tony called over and on a low breath, he made to stand up. He saw Happy walking into the room, and with Steve and Pepper at his back, he squared his shoulders and stepped up in front of Obi. “Look, we both know my dad made sure I wouldn’t take over the company before turning 21, and I’m fine with you pulling the strings in the meantime, but don’t fool yourself into believing you can talk to me the way you did back there. If you ever throw the slightest insult at me or Steve again, and I don’t care if it’s homophobic or not, you’re out, Obi, and I’m not kidding about that. I know you think you had me wrapped around your little finger for years, but I really only indulged you supervising me because I thought there’s a lot you can still teach me about the business. And you did, in your own way, which basically means I won’t do half the things you’ve been doing in the future, so thanks for that.”
felt definitely real. Before Steve could stop himself, a moan tore from his throat, slightly muffled, but loud enough for Tony to notice.
it simply hadn’t been friendship what he’d been after. Maybe friendship hadn’t been enough, and all these emotions, the sheer
All Tony had meant was that he wanted back on the team? That was easy. Steve was sure everyone would be happy to have him back, each for their own reasons. Why did Tony make it sound like something much more dramatic than it actually was?
Steve frowned. Whatever battle Tony was referring to, it seemed he’d been part of it. Which sort of explained why none of them were surprised to see him in full battle gear.
“Okay, okay,” Tony said. “I’ve got my cell phone, just… call me whenever, yeah? Or ask FRIDAY, she’s got all the Ian-specific-instructions. But calling me is fine, too.”
“Come on, Steve,” Tony said, shaking his head in amusement. “I’m not asking you to be my assistant.”
Tony chuckled, loving how much Steve already loved this, and gave him one last kiss, before he dropped back down on the floor. “Oh, don’t pretend you don’t want this.”
“I hurt Steve,” he said quietly. “I can’t control it. At one point it’s me and then it’s… someone else.”
“Miss Romanoff was very insistent that you have to see for yourself.”
, the fruits were their main food supply.
The rest of the team was mingling around the ambulance now, and Steve looked over to where Wanda and Pietro were standing somewhat offside. They seemed awkward, standing here at all, as if they couldn’t decide if they were dismissed, now that the fight was over.
“Just not sure I made an impact,” Tony admitted. He pointed towards the news, where Thaddeus Ross was currently giving an interview on CNN. “It won’t be the Sokovia Accords, sure. But it’ll be something similar. We’ll be facing the same problems. Once more, people in Lagos died. All of it… didn’t change anything.”
“Steve’s not going to stop,” Tony said and pinched the skin between his eyes. “Whatever it is that has him do what he does, he won’t stop until he sees it through. What do you expect me to do?
Everyone around them seemed to drop, drained of energy, as Tony leaned back in his suit, glad it was holding him up for the time being.
“Alright,” Steve said. His finger never stopped as his other hand left his body. He heard the clinking sound of a belt buckle, then after a moment Steve took Tony’s hand and guided it to his cock.
All hope died with Tony’s words.
this was big news, but he hadn’t exactly expected Steve to get all teary-eyed about it.
Tony had called it his sanctuary, and he’d let Steve in.
was the reason. That Tony enjoyed himself, even as he was the one giving him pleasure. He was
I had. Do you have
Steve whirled around to where Stane still stood. He was grinning from ear to ear as his former boss was taken into custody.
Steve nodded slowly. He knew this
Steve’s eyes widened. He didn’t even know what he had expected. But he surely hadn’t thought Stane would just tell him everything like that. And he didn’t know what to answer at all. He was only aware of a burning ache in his chest and heat flaming his cheeks with anger.
“Very well,” JARVIS said. He sounded the tiniest bit guilty, but Steve knew he always tried to keep on a neutral ground. “Tony and Doctor Banner are indeed busy. Tony assured me that he will be up in the penthouse about half an hour before the festivities start and asked to meet you there.”
She’d caught onto it, though. It was
“Sure,” Tony replied, snorting. “’cause Fury’s latest decisions have all been dead-on.”
Steve beamed like a complete loon as though Tony had said something highly significant, then reached out to pull him into a kiss.
time. They’d tried to meet up like a bazillion times, texting each other back and forth with suggestions on when and where and how to meet. And after weeks trying to come up with a time when both of them wouldn’t be busy, he couldn’t help but wonder how they’d ever managed to hook up in the first place.
“Yeah, because I have no idea how to go about this without tackling the ‘structural integrity’, sure,” Tony retorted dryly. “Who of us has a PhD in engineering physics again? Also, my suit isn’t massive, it’s sleek and graceful, thank you very much.”
Steve laughed and pecked a kiss on Tony’s lips. “I’m sure he does.”
“Nope, it’s a mess. Why did I think this was a good idea? I’m going insane. I make Ross look like some Socrates-like philosopher. I—”
And now that he saw how easy it was to get along with Steve, a part of him simply wanted to forget about James Goddamn Barnes and finally move on.
“He can’t,” Tony said eventually, then glanced at Bucky. “Sorry. Convincing them to let you come to London was basically it.”
“Not a bit.”
Before falling in love with Steve, Tony had never spent more than a few minutes worrying extendedly about anything or anyone. Everything had either fallen at a general give-or-take level of acceptance, or he’d simply changed whatever he hadn’t liked. Now, though, he could worry for hours and it still wasn’t enough.
“It’s not over till it’s over.”
…then Steve was standing right in front of him. And he was only wearing skimpy boxer briefs and nothing else.
It was tempting. Not so much because he wanted to bring all of them in front of a Jury—he’d never wanted that—more because he hated knowing that they were all somewhere at the end of the world, hiding from
His whole body convulsed in an orgasm so shattering he thought he would burst into a million pieces. Vaguely, he felt Tony pressing his lips against him, murmuring a lot of
“Working on the bulb made me realize how much I hated the few Molecular Biology courses I took back in college. Had to get my hands on a bit of metal.” He grinned, and raised his hands, cringing when he noticed there was little skin visible through the layers of oil and grease.
It was clear this wasn't a comfortable pose for Tony, but Steve found his dedication all the more attractive for it. His breathing was erratic and he was leaning back on one hand, feeling so lightheaded by now that he couldn't really bother noticing anything other than that incredible, wet warmth that teased him and took him in slowly.
“Not at all. It would be great to have a guest over. Maybe it would convince Vision and Natasha to be on their best behavior and the meal wouldn’t dissolve into them throwing napkins around for once. Those two have
How long they sat with Barnes, Tony didn’t know. At one point, Bruce made to leave for his research lab, while Steve sat in undisturbed silence, watching his friend for all his stillness. With each passing second that Steve sat there like a statue, frozen and unmoving, though,  Tony’s worry threatened to shatter whatever was left in him to shatter.
“I have absolutely no idea,” Steve countered. For once, they’d decided to watch a movie they hadn’t seen already, but he’d just been too immersed in his own thoughts to follow the plot.
“Mister Stark, I—”
out. You can’t let Ross dig his fingers into them.”
“It wasn’t you,” Steve interrupted, and he didn’t need Bucky to confirm it, he knew it couldn’t have been him. There were too many things that didn’t make sense, too much not quite right. “Someone staged it, I’m sure.”
I can blow you wherever I want to… ” He pushed one hand between them, massaging Steve through his pants. “And we can be so
, Bucky didn’t say, but the slightly tense expression on his face spoke volumes. Steve hated that the government had ordered strict house arrest. Bucky couldn’t even take a step out of the Tower without the whole CIA standing at their door.
It had coordinates, and a floor plan of some castle in
That didn’t seem to help. Coulson brushed passed Maria without tossing her a second glance and slammed what looked to be a SHIELD file on the desk in front of Tony.
Tony snorted, and nodded. And then, he walked closer to the Eye.
SR 3:15 A.M.>Hold you down and give you what you want until you can't take anymore
Tony groaned, staring at the screen some more.
It had to be that alien plant. Whatever Steve had inhaled the day before, it was somehow playing tricks on him. Steve had been standing right next to that bulb when it exploded, of course he’d be the first to show signs of whatever that thing was doing with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He trailed off then, and Tony saw the moment understanding seemed to dawn on him. His expression turned into a vast well of grief. “You found out, didn’t you. About the Winter Soldier. About your parents.”
Tony smiled, couldn’t help himself. He stared at the city and felt a lump forming in his throat. “Thanks, Junior.”
“So…” he started, as soon as he was dressed, but trailed off immediately after. He frowned, and suddenly realized that he had no idea where to go from here. He hadn’t even really meant to do this—basically jumping Steve’s bones as soon as he saw him, demanding a quickie, and getting fucked in the gym of all places and now, what?
“—and I could just pull the strings but never actually show up on stage. You know, like some sort of puppet master.”
“Stop!” Rhodey said, turning around and reaching for Steve’s hands. “Fuck, Steve. Stop twisting yourself in knots over this. Indries is dead! Tony knows that—we
Steve found himself frowning at the completely absent-minded expression on his face, but didn’t call him out on it. He had no idea what had happened inside HYDRA’s hideout, but there would be time to ask him later.
With that he was gone. Tony groaned and flopped back to the mattress. The next time he woke up, the coffee next to his bed was already cold. The RV was abandoned, and Tony released a long sigh and tried once more to get up. He glanced around the room wearily as though daring the hand of God to knock him back down again.
“This is moving awfully fast, don’t you think?” Steve asked instead.
Steve would wake up in the middle of the night, sweaty and shaking, staring at the ceiling until morning. There was so much about Indries’ death that he still did not understand. And so his days were spent gazing out the window, chewing on his bottom lip. The bed felt empty without Tony’s body beside him; without his weight pressed into the mattress, silently reassuring Steve that he wasn’t alone, despite it all.
“I promise, no one’s here,” Steve assured him.
“I know, but I wanted to. I just… had to work through a few things first. Mostly I tried not to freak out that I’d actually worked with you guys.”
To his credit, Sam only stared at them for a minute. Then, he smirked, and gestured for them to walk inside. “Come on in then. Can’t say no to the Avengers, can I?”
“Damn it,” Tony groaned, grinding into Steve a few last times as his own release rippled through him. His body jerked in an all-over shudder. It seemed to go on and on, until Tony finally collapsed on top of Steve, the last of his seed wetly pushed into him.
“I’m regretting certain things. I haven’t changed my mind.”
Tony snorted, and together, they made their way into the workshop floor.
Steve rolled his eyes. “
picture us together?”
“You can fight me all night long,” he said lowly and his mouth was on the back of her neck, “or we can move this back to the bed. So what’s it gonna be?”
Steve smiled indulgently and stepped closer, pulling Tony into a hug and kissing his forehead. “At least we can be sure he’ll learn from the best.”
“I do,” Barnes said and something dark flickered in his eyes. “I’m not interested.”
Tony nodded. “Thor, I’m gonna need you back in the church.”
Steve, Tony’s smile was full of adoration and love again.
“Aw, come on,” Steve said, grinning light-heartedly. “Learn to live a little. Besides… your ass is nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Wow,” Tony blurted, then gave Blonde ‘n Handsome an appreciative once-over. Yes, most definitely not what he had expected. Hot
“No, I can’t! Whatever I say or do… it’s wrong, you see? And if I don’t speak, it’s still wrong. And I can’t talk to you because…” He swallowed hard. If he didn’t do this now, he’d never again have the courage. “Because I
,” he said with feeling. “How is that so hard to believe? You kept loving me, for all this time, despite it all…”
talk. Barnes’ name would come up and that proverbial cat would be well and truly out of the bag. And with Pierce gone, Barnes would face the full force of his actions.
The realization of what he was doing hit Tony like a cold slap to the face. He was bantering. With Steve. He’d fallen into it automatically, like they’d been doing it all the time within those last three years.
Steve looked at it and pursed his lips. “I don’t even know where to start.”
Tony heaved a long-suffering sigh, raising the tumbler he’d been nursing to his lips all night as his fingers manipulated the remote control.
They would shoot Bucky. And he couldn’t let that happen.
He heaved a deep breath and opened his eyes. It took a moment to get used to the bright lights, then he looked over to where Stark and Banner were standing.
Steve opened his mouth to give him his piece of mind on saying things like this so off-handedly, but Tony beat him to it. “It’s a precautionary measure,” he said. “Of course I don’t want to go to jail. I… I really can’t emphasize enough how much I don’t want to go to jail. But sooner or later I have to accept the fact that it’s a possibility. And if it happens, I want Banner to keep on working on the reactor. I need
Tony glanced at the man, then nodded. He looked so defeated and Steve couldn’t possibly
Now, Tony grinned, brushing a hand through his hair. “I… wish there was something more tangible that I could give you, but… All I can say is: Our lives are about as wonky as they’ve ever been, but… it’s better since we got together. We make sense, much more than you might think.”
Steve set down his pen and rubbed his forehead. It was obvious avoiding the issue wouldn't do him any good. Sooner or later, he'd have to face Tony, and the rest of the team. He couldn't keep hiding. But what would he tell him?
Connected to chat_server. You can start sending messages
He reached for one of his tablets, typing on the screen so fast Steve had trouble following. It seemed he was giving Jocasta instructions, then dated them back four years ago. When he was done with that, he photographed the floor plan, then highlighted an area on the lowest floor of the castle.
“And whose fault would that be?” Steve asked.
“What is he doing?” Natasha asked in a quiet tone.
He kept looking at Steve for a few long moments, then moved to the side, offering him space. “You should sleep, too.”
The whirring got louder and DUM-E’s claw honest to god sagged down as if slumping in on itself. But instead of just hanging there, the claw opened up and tugged at Tony’s shirt, a sort of whiny noise filling the air.
God, Steve had tasted so good. Like apple chewing gum, and soda, and heat and slickness and
“Who’s the presumptuous bastard now?” he teased.
“What,” Tony prompted.
* * *
against being awake this early, after the kind of night that lay behind them.
In the big break, Tony had watched Steve and the others talking,
Tony’s hands framed his cheeks, caressing the skin there. “You want it?”
“Did I ever?” Clint asked and grinned. “Sooo, now that I’ve clearly saved your marriage: No sex in my house, you hear me, Cap? Thin walls, impressionable children, and Laura actually likes her sheets and I would hate having to burn them.”
“Damn it, Tony!”
would be fine. He just needed to keep his cool, and not think about how fucking dark it was.
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
“Well, I learned from the best.” Steve turned and swiped his finger through the chocolate mousse. “Taste?” he asked, offering it to Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” Steve breathed, because he couldn’t keep up any kind of façade. Not when he’d just lost Tony a second time. “I’m really not.” He had to get out of here, away from those eyes that were Tony’s and not Tony’s at all. “I… I don’t want to be impolite,” Steve uttered, trying to keep his voice firm. “It was nice to meet you, Tony, I just, I just need a moment to think before we have to go to debriefing and—”
was a drink. What Tony
“You—” Bruce stared at Tony, raising his brows. “I didn’t know you were interested.”
Something to talk to about later, Steve promised to himself. He wouldn’t let Tony deal with this alone, no matter how much he wanted to hide from him.
Steve sighed, and pulled Bucky into a firm hug. “You
Tony breathed as he took Steve’s hand in his. “Fuck—Strange! What can we do? What—”
was, Steve was infinitely glad that Bucky seemed to be so relaxed, these days. Despite Tony’s and Phil’s combined efforts, Bucky’s trial didn’t seem to be coming to any conclusion. With the founding of the ATCU and other task forces trying to control each and every enhanced individuals out there, there were new witnesses called into court almost every week. People like Thaddeus Ross and Glenn Talbot were clearly supporting a conviction, and they seemed to want to make an example of Bucky. Therefore, his house detention wouldn’t be revoked any time soon.
Steve heaved the door open, and they slipped inside.
He hadn’t realized it before, had not thought about it much… the missing days, the missing years. That every time they woke him up, life was a new one. He had never cared much for the lost time. He’d witnessed the changing generations, without fully grasping the extent of their change.
“I’ve lost
is part of the charm.”
But Steve? He was married, wasn’t he? And Steve would never cheat on his wife—and why should he want Tony? A man? A man like
“Sure you can, stud,” Tony murmured with a sly smile. “But I actually plan for you to enjoy this.”
“Fine,” Steve echoed. He walked across the room and only stopped in the doorway. “Take your time, but… whenever you’re ready, Buck. We’re just a few floors upstairs.”
” Steve read aloud as he glanced at the flyer over Tony’s shoulder. And sure enough, there was a burning skull on the front pages, and several grave stones underneath.
Steve’s breath hitched but he did as he was told. Slowly but steadily, he slid into Tony, parting his body with his own.
"Hey, Tony?" Steve called, his tone soft, as he stepped in. "Thor's back. Asked us all to come up and see what he's got," he continued when he saw the man still lying in bed. "Hey, are you even awake?"
“Have I told you yet how ravishing you look tonight?” Tony asked, one of his thumbs moving over Steve’s palm.
"Uhm, Bruce?" he asked, trying to not sound like he was straining under the weight.
Thanks to morphia for betareading <3
“But you’re bruised.”
And for Tony… and for Ian… he would.
“It’s the end of the world,” Tony said, simply. “I would do anything to keep it from happening.”
Its green light flashed violently.
Instead of answering, Rhodey raised his arms a little bit, forming a line with them in front of his chest and moving them from left to right, and before Tony realized that he was imitating cradling a baby, it was already too late.
There were some things even Extremis couldn’t heal.
“If he isn’t here I wouldn’t know where to look,” he said, and let his eyes drift over the scenery. The street seemed fairly deserted, and there were several empty houses. A perfect hideout. Something he’d look for if he had to go under for a while.
A million things ran through Tony’s mind—what to tell Steve, how to apologize for what had happened last night. How to survive the dreaded ‘it’s not you, it’s me’ speech while knowing perfectly well that he was one step from losing the most important person in his life.
Tony nodded briskly.
The room was… perfect. A stream of warm sunlight poured through the windows, illuminating the white marble floor. Everything smelled nicely, too, and fresh flowers were placed on the sideboards. There was a huge bed right in the middle of the room and its sheets and pillows were neatly made. There even was a nightgown placed upon the mattress and a pair of slippers waiting on the floor.
Instead of answering, Steve only rolled his eyes. And then, with his free hand, he let a finger drift over one of the feathers. They felt… different. It was hard to figure out what it was, but there was a warmth pulsing beneath—a light shining from within. They were beautiful—even now, even bloodied as they were. “Does it hurt?”, Steve asked, his voice cautious.
“Yes,” she said, her expression determined. “This is my fault, as well. I will see it righted.”
SR 6:41 P.M.>Better
Tony prompted after a moment, his voice reverent.
Steve shook his head. “No. I didn’t… I didn’t know how to find you.”
The overall arrival in the galley was anticlimactic, but he had to admit, Batroc was a bit of a surprise. He came out of nowhere, flinging his whole weight against the shield and instantly knocking Steve off his feet. He blocked his first blows, then delivered a punch to his gut and a hopping front snap kick to his jaw. Steve stepped back, amused.
“Charles Spencer,” Tony answered. “His mother walked up to me after the presentation. Showed me this.” He paused. Smiled. “Charlie’s a great kid. Computer engineering degree. 3.6 GPA. Had a floor level gig. An Intel plan for the fall.”
“I trust you,” Steve repeated and cast him a smile that looked a bit strained. “I think I don’t tell you enough. And I just want you to know that you can trust me, too. You can talk to me… about whatever’s on your mind.”
Tony’s jawline twitched. “Rogers,” he said and popped some red and yellow on-ears on his head, effectively killing every try at conversation.
Steve moaned again. His hands didn’t move for another few moments, before he seemed to lose that battle of will with himself and lifted Tony slightly off of him. He surged into him again, and, true to his words, it didn’t even take a dozen of thrusts before he tensed, and Tony felt him come inside him.
They walked down the embankment, after wrapping the fruits in one of the blankets they’d salvaged from the tower. Once there, Tony tested the water tentatively with his hand. “It’s goddamn cold,” he complained.
“I don’t catch colds.”
“Tony’s robot,” Pepper explained.
“They’re all looking at us,” Agent Barton muttered. He was an archer and had been working for SHIELD for a long time, if Steve understood correctly.
“No,” Steve said, almost without his doing, but once the word had been given voice, it startled him out of his stupor. “No!”
This really had to stop.
An indeterminable amount of time later, and they had most definitely missed breakfast. Lying side-by-side; staring blandly at the ceiling of the tent. Waiting for energy to return without any real want of it.
This… really wasn’t too bad. And maybe the whole getting himself acquainted with SI’s structures and hierarchies would make him forget about… other things.
Steve swallowed hard. “Alright.” He nodded, then nodded some more and it took him a good few minutes to realize he was alone. Staring at the vast space around him, hearing Stane’s words over and over again, Steve couldn’t fathom how he’d come to this point.
The dream had done wonders to heal his wounds, but Steve wasn’t going to be blindsided again. Stark might help find Tony, and even if Steve’s absence had very likely extinguished all feelings, he wanted nothing more than to see him again.
A pause. Well, that
Steve released a long breath, but decided it wouldn’t help much to needle Clint. They were a team, if Clint’d find out something that would help all of them, he’d share it soon enough.
Turned out Steve wasn’t too big on the concept in general. He simply didn’t want the whole family, kids, white picket fence and a Golden Retriever thing. He—how had he put it?—‘didn’t see himself that way’.
Fury’s forehead was bruised, and there was a cut beneath his single eye—it was more than an inch long from the middle of his under-eye to past the corner—and a dozen small, half-healed scratches on his back. His neck was streaked with blood, and there was a lump on Fury’s temple that looked really serious. He couldn’t quite hide the pain from his expression. Nevertheless, his usual aura of self-assuredness remained intact.
A pause settled between them, heavy and coated with unease. There was no failsafe. No chance to take back what they had started. Eventually, Tony nodded. “Alright, lets take on that last implant.”
Oh, goddammit.
There was a brief moment of wrenching disorientation and then Steve was no longer in the red clearing. He was standing in a strange room that looked like a library, with shelves and counters all around.
“I love you. I love you, Steve. I’ve loved you for so long…”
“No. Sharon,” he eventually admitted. “Peggy moved back to England before we reached that point.”
“You’re not broken,” Steve whispered.
Thor, Bruce and Clint had already departed for Maryland, while Sam directed the SUV through the busy streets. Tony had activated the com-line, directing their new location to Bruce’s phone via Extremis.
A few minutes later, they all had filed into Sam’s kitchen and slumped down around the dining table. They sat in companionable silence for a few seconds before acknowledgement that discussing what had happened was inevitable.
“You’re left subject to investigation,” Tony offered, shrugging at Steve’s confused stare. “What?” he asked. “He wouldn’t be admitting as much if he’d not already been put on SHIELD’s most wanted list.”
Steve would forgive him. And he wasn’t ready for that.
He closed his faceplate again and brought his thrusters to full speed, following them. When he flew past Steve, he caught his arms and raised him up into the air.
Tony blinked, taken aback. “Do what?”
“Well,
* * *
As if knowing what Tony had offered, Ian immediately held both his hands and lifted them in the air. Tony took him in his arms, and hopped him upwards the slightest of bit, which roused a happy laugh out of Ian’s mouth.
“It’s more than I ever thought I’d get, so.” Tony brushed a finger along Steve’s cheek. “We just have to make it count.”
It really was Bucky. Right here, in the Facility! Except it was a slightly older Bucky, with shorter hair and even a few gray ones at his temple.
Tony once more opened his mouth to say something, then closed it again. It was a thing he did these days, double-checking every word he said, and more often than not biting back whatever thought had come to mind.
Tony put his fork down with a loud clatter, casting Steve an unimpressed glare. “It
“I can’t fight you,” he said, quietly but no less definite.
(This. Movie. Is. Gonna. Ruin. Me.)
A tremor ran through Steve’s body. Words left him, and he kept staring at Tony, at the room, then back.
Steve swallowed. “I’m not saying it’s impossible. But there would have to be safeguards.”
“I hope not.”
“We worked well together, today,” Steve told them both, coming to a stand next to them. Pietro looked a bit worse for wear up close, and Steve decided to have Bruce examine him next on their flight home. “I really think we should pool our resources. It only makes sense.”
“I don’t belong to your world. I have nothing to my name,” Steve said. It was important that Tony understood that. How far apart they truly were. Whatever he did, whatever he said, Tony exuded the presence of great importance. Whereas Steve… he was the exact opposite. He was the kind of guy that people like Tony or Hammer usually looked down on.
“Sorry?”
He gave Tony a sour look, then asked, “Or make them, you mean?”
Tony, as usual, seemed to read his thoughts and said, his voice very soft, “Can we keep him in here with us tonight?”
Steve sighed deeply as he turned the ring over in his hands, then put it back around his finger. “I didn’t want you to find out,” he whispered.
“Steve!” Tony called, and God, he looked tired. Was it really only a few hours since they’d last seen each other? There were shadows beneath Tony’s eyes, and a visible strain in his shoulders.
“Apparently the government directly. Whole UN is involved.”
“I was… still figuring it out,” Tony said softly.
. "I shouldn't be encouraging you… getting your hopes up." He scratched at the side of his head. Proper words weren't forthcoming. "Kissing you, sharing a bed with you… I need to keep my distance so we can both carry on with our lives—"
Softly, Tony cleared his throat, making his presence known.
“God knows this place could stand some music and dancing,” Pepper observed, then stood up and went to work.
Steve knew he should be letting go of Tony and moving away, putting some distance between them, but the hurt already showing in his eyes was just too much. He
That very night he had drawn the first concept sketch, and then made his first attempt at the real thing. Unsatisfied with the result, he had tried again the next day. Steve had worked on the piece over and over, every day, for weeks, and every morning he appraised his work and found that it was not yet good enough. It was hard grasping a memory, even though it was still so vivid.
“I’ve had my big night. I’m ready for my big something else.” To emphasize his point, he pressed his palm against the bulge through Tony’s slacks, smiling his satisfaction when Tony moaned in return and thrust slightly against him.
There was a snort. “Wouldn’t be a good mission operator if I didn’t point out your weak spots. On your six!”
He wasn’t really complaining. Working in the SI labs was something else entirely, and he had done and created so many things in such a short time, it even made his own head spin a little. He’d invited Bruce over at some point, and together, they’d started developing some new gadgets for the tiny energy department that Stark Industries had installed but never really made use of to this day.
“I’m glad,” Steve said truthfully.
“I’m sure he’s fine.” Bucky waved at their surroundings with his bloodied compress. “Better off than we are, anyway.” He pointed at Steve’s abdomen, and he had no idea how Bucky knew that Steve felt like someone had rearranged his organs, but apparently, he did.
There was nothing out here to find, not if they wanted to stay where they were right now.
"Anything you want, Tony," Steve finally said, running his palms along Tony's arms and down to his elbows. "We'll take our time for this. I haven't got any plans tomorrow morning."
“How’s that funny,” Bucky asked and it was in that second, that he noticed Steve’s attire for the first time. Or his lack of an attire.
the sort of guy who buys ridiculous stuffed bunnies because thanks to a weird train of thought, I actually thought it was a good idea at the time, and I will try to get it right, but—I won’t, not always, it’s just… the way I am.”
The words brought warmth to Steve’s heart that was unlike anything he’d felt in a long time. It might not be love what Tony felt, but it was genuine and beyond simple gratitude.
Tony considered him for a long, quiet second before realization seeped inward. Then almost as inexplicably, a pang of humor clashed with adoration in the recesses of his eyes. “It’ll be better,” he promised softly. “I’m not at my best right now, but I swear to you, we’ll be so good together.”
I?” Stane asked as the sharp wind blew past the window’s shutters. “He’s an idealistic fool. He always has been.” He huffed, and his usually emotionless eyes filled with the blackest hate Steve had ever seen. “And
Basics. Steve didn’t know any basics. “Push in and… spread slowly?”
* * *
His grin might’ve turned a little diabolic then. “Told him it’s also Ian’s three-weeks-birthday and that we would have to wait a whole year before we could throw a party for him otherwise.”
A choked-off moan escaped Tony’s lips at the new angle. “Oh
“Good thing I’m such a size queen, Rogers,” he said, breathless, and they weren’t even real words, just a few strangled gasps as he tried to get accustomed to the intrusion. He bucked against him somewhat when Steve was all the way in, and a raspy moan tore from his throat. “God, I love your dick,” he said, as he pulled off of Steve, getting a feel for their rhythm.
The air smelled of lavender and peppermint, and Steve couldn’t see much of Tony, but
If there hadn’t been some sort of feelings already, they both likely wouldn’t have just dropped all reservations and stumbled into bed together.
When he walked out of the bedroom, Steve shut the door behind him, briefly contemplating the items on their to-do list. Their pile of laundry was reaching Mount Everest proportions, but it was Tony’s turn to do it. Tony had agreed to do some of the housework themselves, and now that Steve had finally drummed home the importance of separating colors and checking the tags for instructions, he didn’t have to supervise anymore.
The silence stretched on and Steve was starting to wonder if maybe it was actually a bad idea to say this right now, even though it was the truth, and the first thing that had come to mind, but before he could really question himself, Tony moved. Tony moved and was
, Steve thought, when—out of nowhere—something, or
Tony sighed. “Go figure.”
“You’re a dream! You’re not supposed to argue with me, goddammit!” Tony let go of him, and took a step back.
“Yeah.” Cooper studied him for a long minute before his eyes sparkled. “You’re funny, Uncle Tony.”
What if, as soon as the war was over, he’d lose Tony for good?
Steve never knew that life could be like this.
“I’m ready,” Tony said, clearly
Steve didn't have FRIDAY to tell him the odds and the statistics. He counted on his perception and his gut feeling. He'd very rarely been wrong in his assessments, but preferred to not bring that up. He wasn't too keen on fighting, either, and Tony was proving… less difficult to deal with, in a sense. Steve could feel it, if not for what he said then for his gestures. Tony's hands on his face, his gentle demeanour, were all quite pleasant.
,” Steve breathed. “That’s what I wanted to say. There’s no need to be jealous, I... I didn’t fall in love with a different version of you. I fell in love with
prepared. As best as I could be. Six years in the making… and now look at us.”
“Neither do I.” Tony’s hand clutched at Steve and he fell against him willingly, his own arms pulling Tony closer into his embrace. “Shh,” Tony murmured soothingly. “It’s alright. Everything’s gonna be alright. We’re just gonna keep trying. It’s what we do.”
“I think we
“Don’t make this your fault.”
The elevator’s door in the hallway opened just seconds after FRIDAY had alerted them to Ross’ arrival. Tony briefly glanced over to Steve, who already sat at the conference table, before he flipped open his cell phone.
Tony grinned, suddenly all lewd and unashamed. “Yeah, that. Feel free to use as much lube as you can.”
Tony felt something inside him churn almost painfully. This wasn’t the right time, nor the right setting for this conversation. “If by sources you mean
He grabbed his shoulders to hold him upright. “Hey, Cap, you alright?”
Steve’s eyes searched him, and though the Iron Man mask couldn’t give anything away, it still felt as if Steve was trying to read him. “Bruce… was that your idea?”
The next thing Steve knew he was falling… or
“They’ll want to put a leash on us again,” Tony explained, and glanced at Steve. “You’ll hate it, you might not see that now, but—”
A soft sigh rolled through his mind and he turned his attention inward. He knew what was coming now. Stark was always talking when he came here. He blabbered incessantly and didn’t seem to realize when his audience had drifted off to a better place.
“Good,” Tony said. “Then we know where to start looking.”
“God, you move fast.” Tony shook his head, both at his lapse of attention and at Steve’s speed. “That’s unfairly attractive.”
He could feel Steve’s arousal digging into his stomach, and as if reading his thoughts, Steve’s fingers set to work on Tony’s belt buckle only moments later. He was panting now—they both were. Breathing hard against each other’s lips, their eyes laden with single-minded determination.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed with a smile and put a hand on Bucky’s shoulder. “Welcome to the crazy people.”
“Don’t hang up,” he hurried to say, and dammit, whenever he brought Bucky up, their conversation deteriorated into a fight.
And once they had agreed on this, there was no going back.
“They all turned out like you?”
“Two months? And you were together the whole time?” Rhodey asked, his tone veering on the edge to threatening. As he spoke, his eyes were on Steve, and only then, he looked at Tony, who had a hand over his eyes, as if fighting off a headache.
Hours later, the two of them were still crouched beneath the lean-to, rain dripping in steady intervals, soaking the ground beneath them—and this despite Tony having laid down several boughs of pine branches.
Steve obviously fought the smile Phil’s unconditional support engendered.
Tony inclined his head but didn’t say anything. Next to him, Pepper and Rhodey sat up a little straighter and even Jarvis, who’d been summoned to the hearing as well, tried to look as calm and serious as was possible, though Steve still noticed his legs were jittering below the table.
Steve didn’t know how to answer. So far their arrangement basically consisted of Tony paying for everything as they travelled across the countries. They slept in the same suites, but never in the same bed. Tony never asked anything of him, there were only lingering looks and a constant stream of flirting whenever they were on their own.
“I know you think I’m just some stupid kid, so let me do stupid things! What does it matter—just fuck off and let me
And that expression right there—that stubborn look of fighting whatever memories might be rushing to the surface—that was all Bucky.
In just a few days, Tony was looking and feeling much better. The dark circles had started disappearing and he was actually looking forward to spending time with everyone. Hill had been a great help over the past couple of days, really pitching in to step in with the Committee hearings, while not giving him a hard time when things didn’t go the way she wanted. Which, truth be told, she’d been known to do so far.
“You know, I’m really not in the mood for another lecture,” Tony said, rubbing at his temple and wincing when he realized he had blood on his fingers. There was a hollow space in his head, as if something was missing. And whenever Tony closed his eyes, trying to access Extremis, well… there was a piercing pain in the crown of his head, and then nothing.
“Can you be serious for once?” Strange asked, rolling his eyes.
“Oh, just kindly shut up, Buck,” Steve shot back, running forward to catch his shield, twirling it around and bringing it down on the helmet of yet another agent.
He hadn’t been here often. They had repurposed the room as a small library and art room when it was clear that a gym up here wouldn’t be meeting Steve’s standards. It was mostly Steve’s room, had always been, and after only a step across the threshold, Steve’s scent reached Tony’s nose.
“It’s fine,” Peter said. “I just… I needed a break.”
His throat worked as he touched his lips to Tony’s. It was… it was sweet, scarily, thrillingly sweet. They were leaning over the table a bit awkwardly, their lips touching, and he felt Tony’s breath on his skin, a finger brushing along his chin. When he felt the tip of a tongue, he opened his mouth without a thought, and was rewarded when Tony made a painful, inarticulate sound in the back of his throat. It seemed to be the thing finally bringing Steve out of his daze, and his hands were cupping Tony’s face and he was kissing him deeply, lips clinging to Tony’s, unable to draw away.
first,” Natasha said, pointing at Clint’s leg and, right—there was a red spot on his thigh and while it was probably just a light burn, it would definitely be a handicap right now.
Not for the first time, Steve thought that their new nanny was a godsend, and he was about to say yes, and bend Tony right over his work desk, when he remembered why exactly he had come down here. “Can’t,” he murmured and didn’t bother to hide his regret. “Meeting up with Fury in DC. I cancelled our last meeting, can’t exactly say no again. And we
They held each other’s gazes for long moments, before Tony broke the connection. He pulled both knees towards his chest, and settled his head down on them.
When he glanced back at Tony, Steve saw him already halfway through the first sandwich, and it made him smile. So that had been a good idea. "So long as you get to sleep at some point," he said, then turned his attention back to the suit. It was difficult to see all the details from where he was standing, but he wasn't sure if it was off limits to come any closer.
Bruce nodded like all of this wasn’t a big deal, and only just turned around to hide a wistful smile of his own. “Good.” He pointed at the shopping bags next to the counter. “There’s fresh fruit in there. Help me cut it?”
, probably. Tony
Steve huffed lowly. He really wasn’t so sure about that.
Tony shifted again and only just managed not to wince at the tender feeling in his lower back. “If I don’t joke about it, I might just go insane.”
“Yeah, I really don’t,” Bucky shot back. “Again with the words that meant absolutely nothing.”
A calm, controlled breath rolled through his lips. Today had to be it. No more victims would have to find their blood on Ultron’s metal hands.
“I have business we both have to deal with.”
his stupid brain supplied immediately.
Tony didn’t mind. He knew he looked every bit the twink cliché. And he really did enjoy it.
that distance.
Extremis’ supervision.
Tony grimaced. “Steve…”
“Well, about time!” Clint said, looking smug.
He took the 87 to Albany, not really knowing where to go, or what to do when he got there. He had booked a place for the next few days, but apart from that, he’d just see where the road would take him. It was sunny outside, an early summer day, and a gentle wind blew past him as he sped up. The last time he’d done this had been right after the Chitauri attack. He’d felt unfathomably lost then, and he could very well admit that it was the same now, around six years later.
Slowly, Steve dressed himself and crept towards the Morning Room, his sketchbook tucked under his arm. Today, he’d meet Pepper and Tony’s other friends. He had no idea how much time he had before they arrived—or how long they’d stay. But he did wonder what they’d want to talk about. About the nature of his and Tony’s relationship? Would they approve? Or would they show their distaste openly like Stane had?
Tony licked into his belly button with a fevered moan, sliding a hand between them to free Steve’s cock from his pants. He grinned up at him, and the mischief his eyes only made the ache between Steve’s legs more pronounced. “Glad you agree.”
“What?” Maria asked askance. “Of course it was! All the things he’s done—”
“Last time we met, you said I was ruining your life!” Tony snapped. “You said you didn’t want to see me again! I only did what you asked of me, I—”
“No. Can’t sleep.”
“Yes,” Bruce confirmed. “We worked together well.”
God help me, crazy murder bots and all.”
He'd kissed Tony, more than once, but… he couldn't remember much past the point they'd gotten into his apartment. He sent a nervous glance in Tony's direction. Tony was wearing a plain t-shirt and boxers, which amped Steve's suspicion higher.
As Friday let the newsfeed run across the HUD, Tony’s gaze traveled across the streets, and a bit of a déjà-vu took hold of him when he looked at New York’s ruins.
Tony breathed a heady sigh, before he nodded, his hands skimming to his jeans pocket. He produced a little bottle and swallowed before pressing it into Steve’s hand.
"You don't have to," Steve said hurriedly, but then added, "but FRIDAY did announce you earlier. It's gonna raise some questions if you don't show up." To be honest, he was already planning a nice shower after the debrief. Maybe he could even convince Tony to join him, but that was thinking a little too far for him.
Natasha nodded in agreement, first looking at Maria, then at Coulson. “You of all people ought to know that what he’s going through demands privacy. What he needs right now is rest and quiet.”
“Tell me to stop and I will,” Steve said, his free hand tugging on Tony’s legs until he wrapped them around Steve’s waist. Sound drowned away in favor of their mingled gasps, Steve’s fingers setting to work, and his brilliant blue eyes consuming him whole.
“I’m not him,” Vision echoed calmly, “but I do possess his memories. There is just a certain… lack of context, if you will.” He said the words as if they only gained meaning the second he gave them voice, as if he was truly surprised by the direction the conversation was heading. “It’s like looking at photographs, I suppose. You see yourself being happy, or sad, or angry, and you can relate to all of that, but there is no imminent memory of the feeling. I can, however, access all information on how much you meant to him. There is vast amount of storage space JARVIS dedicated to information that, objectively speaking, is mostly useless. It’s a pattern that has somehow surpassed his primary coding. If you wanted to give it a relatable label, you could as well call it affection, or… love.”
“You ready?” Rhodey asked as he took a step into Tony’s room.
Tony sighed tiredly. This was getting really old, really fast. “It wasn’t Barnes who killed any of those people,” he said with every last grain of patience that he could muster.
“Him?” Steve echoed. “There is no ‘him’, Tony. He is—”
Steve smiled when he understood where Mister Stark was going with this. What he was
The days that followed were filled with preparations for the ball. So busy, in fact, that Steve hardly had a chance to speak to Tony, and almost no time at all to see him alone.
Steve's eyes opened with the alarm. He watched the ceiling fan spin for a long moment, taking the time to let reality settle in before sitting up and rubbing sleep out of his eyes. Another dream of his old friend, huh? At least it wasn't another one of those
to know this couldn’t be right. We have dozens of enemies who can hack into SHIELD’s database without breaking a sweat, you
“Okay?” Steve asked.
Steve didn’t know why, but a shadow fell over Tony’s face at that. “Simple. You’re my fantasy and you’ll do what I tell you.” He paused and ran those sinful eyes over Steve’s body in a way that had Steve twitching and feeling very much aware of his new body. “Come here.”
“You’re not a burden. You’re my team member, and you’re my friend, as far as I’m concerned. There wasn’t anything to forgive in the first place, and I shouldn’t have said and done what I did, but that’s not something I can undo so… I apologize.”
Tony nodded encouragingly. “Let go, God, you look so hot.”
Curled in each other’s arms in a world made new, they rested.
Steve pressed another kiss onto the crown of Tony’s head. “No,” he said. “I’m sorry I made you worry so much.”
“I think we should consider the fact that it didn’t leave any physical evidence,” Bruce said, his voice thoughtful. “Natasha and Clint said they don’t feel any pain, there’s no constrictions, no severe symptoms aside a bit of a headache. If you want my opinion, I think those visions they’re having might be temporary.”
Tony broke the gaze and took one look at the room. His eyes settled on the beige linen sheets. Then he huffed.
A surprised chuckle left Steve’s lips as he looked up. He hadn’t even realized how much he’d missed that voice. “Back at you, JARVIS.”
“Good for him,” Fury said, pointedly.
the time go?”
, Tony thought with a small nod. A drunk mind speaks a sober heart and all, right? He believed Steve when he said he wanted this now, and that… would have to be enough. At least Tony knew what he was getting himself into. He just had to brace himself for impact as soon as Steve’s moral compass set into motion once again.
At that, the baby smacked its lips and angled its face toward Maria. Ian’s eyes opened and bright blue eyes peeked out from surprisingly dark lashes. Maria murmured something and the baby mewled, its eyes blinking languidly.
to bring them in Ross won’t be so stupid to believe the army can do it. He’ll ask us to recuperate and try again. It would give us some time. Granted, not much, but we’d have time to come up with a plan.”
A few beats ticked by, the air lingering with their mingled breaths. Then, Natasha glanced up pensively, her eyes focusing on something across the room instead of looking at Steve. “Even if he is still there. Decades of indoctrination won’t just vanish into thin air. He’s not just going to know right from wrong because you want him to,” she said haltingly. “Even if you get through to him, he’s
of them accepts, they’ll all come. They’ll be too afraid to miss something big. And they’d be damn right about it.”
“Nope,” Tony replied, popping the ‘p’. “MRI, blood tests, all clear.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “So? You did what I usually do. What all of us do at some point or the other. Captain America being impulsive is not the end of the world—well, probably.”
“You were fine.” Taking full advantage of their position, Tony squeezed Steve tight enough to restore his hardness and elicit a rumble of passion within the same beat. Steve’s gaze fogged over and he stared at Tony with deferential wonder.
So Steve faced a new day.
With Ian in his arms, he walked over to Tony and leaned down, pulling him into a soft, indulgent kiss. They both started laughing when Ian’s hands once more pressed against their faces, squishing their cheeks.
Thus, they ghosted around the side of the building and found the fire escape. Sam and Thor stayed outside while Natasha and Clint slid up the stairs and broke open the door on the second floor as quietly as they could, then slipped inside. Tony could hear voices coming from the main floor, and the mutter and rustle of the crowd in front of the loading doors. His sensors located the twins in a central room, three or four lackeys with them. There were three accesses to that room if one counted the main one. He and Steve dropped down to the main floor and glided to the one at the back, directly opposite the loading area. Then they waited.
“How was he today?” he asked Steve quietly.
“Just glad you still want me.”
Bucky smiled that small, self-deprecating smile of his, but didn’t say anything further.
“And I wouldn’t let you go that easily.”
The ache between his thighs was foreign, and Steve had yet to decide if he liked it. Tony's intrusion into his body had both ached and split him apart with bliss beyond imagination. He’d never thought it possible to be so connected to someone.
"As you say, Captain," Thor answered with a nod of his head, already glancing back to the TV.
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956] is online
“I’ve had better.”
"Then let's do this for a bit," he suggested, pulling slightly out before sinking back in, slow, steady motion, easy to predict and anticipate. "If you need anything, just say the word."
* * *
As Steve reached for the door, he couldn't help himself and glanced back at Tony one last time. He said nothing, though, only biting his lip against any empty words that might come out, and closed the door.
, dammit. Ultron hadn’t just erased the AI’s current version, but all of his backups, every blueprint, even the early schematics Tony had done in his twenties.
Barnes smiled a little. “I don’t. But I also don’t think either of you realize how much the other has truly suffered. You keep playing it down whenever you see each other, and hiding your pain all the time is just no good… you need to
God, he really
“I can take the tent,” Steve offered immediately. “It’s fine.”
His own will was a lifetime away.
That forced a toneless huff out of Bucky’s mouth. “Of course you did.”
Tony huffed, leaning back. “You really know how to charm a guy.”
Tony brushed his nose along Steve’s cheek and released a soft breath. “Already living my dream.”
The man swallowed and smiled timidly. “You know who I am.”
The hand in Steve’s was squeezing him a little. “No reason for that now.”
Steve… didn’t cave in.
“I thought we could spar a little. After breakfast,” Steve said, and as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he felt them hanging in the air between them.
"There's something else," Bucky suddenly said, eyes wide with realization, when Steve turned back around. "Isn't there? Something's on your mind."
“Brushing Natasha’s hair,” Lila said, holding up a little redheaded doll.
“Not funny,” Steve reprimanded, but kissed him again anyway.
“There’s a problem,” she said without preamble.
at Bucky.
“You sure you want to do this?” Rhodey suddenly whispered next to him. “It’s pretty crazy.”
“Don’t think that’s a good idea,” Bucky replied, and already backed away somewhat.
God, he couldn’t believe it. The boat had been in the ocean for months, far over a year. And it resurfaced today.
“Sounds like them,” Rhodey said with a small smile.
Steve watched his closely controlled face, once more resisting the urge to put a hand on his shoulder.
“Foreplay. Not a thing anymore, huh?” Steve asked, chuckling.
“No, Natasha and Rex are getting married,” she said, lifting the doll in the air, followed closely by some stuffed dinosaur she’d jammed beneath her armpit.
It took longer than Tony liked it to do. But eventually, the lines of Ultron’s minions were thinned, and they all got a breather. And with Fury and the last-minute entry of his Helicarrier, they had at least a chance to get Sokovia’s inhabitant to safety before things really got ugly.
He closed his eyes, trying to just let the blackness take him, but he wasn’t quite there, yet. Steve held onto him, whispering words into his ear, probably trying to get him to focus on something else, but Tony was already too fuzzy to tell him he needn’t bother. When Bruce finally got a good grip on the blade and started to pull, Tony bucked against the bed beneath him. Goddammit, there really was something about the feeling of cold metal slicing against your insides.
Tony smiled at Barnes’ wide eyes, then stepped up next to him. That wasn’t excitement yet, but he hadn’t turned on his heels and left, so Tony counted it a win.
Steve nodded. “You can’t trust him. A few days ago, I listened to him talking to some visitor about you, and about me. I didn’t understand what it was about exactly, but it sounded like a threat to you.”
“Realistic?”
Tony let go with one arm and looked at him intently. “I’m sober. Well, mostly. Two beers don’t count, right?”
“This all for me?” Steve asked softly, squeezing him again.
. This was exactly what he hadn’t wanted to do. Make Tony feel guilty that he’d moved on, when, after sixteen years, he had every right to fall out of love.
“You and Stark?” she asked in Steve’s direction. She glanced around, looking genuinely confused. “Did everyone know?”
“I’m not talking about fate,” Steve said. “I’m talking about
They were both unmistakably hard and Tony ground down with intent, rubbing himself along Steve’s length even while his fingers made feather-like tracks through his hair.
Tony’s eyes blazed with sudden want and then his arms wrapped around Steve in a manner that was purely instinct. He pushed Steve down with an admittedly surprising amount of strength and guided him into the tent. He had Steve on the floor within seconds, his lips dancing down his throat as he managed to yank his shirt from the waistband of his jeans.
“Keep my Father out of this,” Tony answered, though his words were hardly making sense at this point. “Come for me,” he urged. “Come, baby.”
Before he could do something stupid like simply hug Tony to his chest, however, Tony had raised his voice again, and he sounded so business-like, so highly professional, that Steve didn’t dare try anything.
Steve stared down towards the river.
Everything that had happened… He never really took the time to work through that guilt, and Bucky never pressed.
She sighed. “SHIELD.”
. And I—I didn’t know how to fix it without losing Bucky in the process. But that didn’t change how I felt about you, how I… how I still feel.”
Tony cupped Steve’s face and kissed him. His lips were so soft, a fact that never ceased to amaze Tony. Even after hours of fighting, and dishing out the most brutal punches and kicks, his lips were still soft.
Steve’s brow furrowed in consideration. He glanced back to Tony, eyes ablaze with uncertainty. “We still have to meet up with Fury. The sooner the better.”
There was a meaning ringing behind those words that Steve couldn’t get his head around. “I don’t see the alternative,” he said on a frown.
Tony sighed, brushing a hand over his face. The air in the ancient library was stale and dusty, and Tony glanced through the dimmed light to a vault door where he guessed the Eye was hanging in the middle of the adjacent room.
On his way, Steve's thoughts wandered back to the conversation he'd had with Tony when they'd gotten home the night before. He'd told Tony everything he'd gleaned from the visions, holding back no details in hopes of finally understanding what these visions were really about. He'd gotten a bad feeling about that last one—not the sex, obviously, but he didn’t know what to make of the conversation afterwards—Tony, however, seemed to think it wasn't a big concern.
, but they knew that
His first thought: Cool gadget. Something to very much look into later.
“If we don’t kill them, they’ll kill us,” Tony snapped, and without waiting for a second, he raced forward to meet his next attacker.
“You care about him,” Bruce replied, grinning when Tony huffed. “No, you
Steve almost choked and could barely contain it. He felt his cheeks heat and glanced sideways, but no reaction came from Nat and Clint. At least Tony had the decency to use a private channel. That wasn’t always the case.
Steve sighed. He neared Tony cautiously, and wrapped his free arm around him from behind. He didn’t say anything to that, only held Tony, and Tony dropped his head against Steve’s chest, simply—if only for a moment—basking in the fact that the three of them were together again.
Tony looked sideways, squeezing his eyes shut and reciting Pi to one hundred decimal places of denial. “And what if it is?”
The rest could wait a day.
Coloring butterflies, as it turned out, was a nice change of pace. Ever since he’d set foot in Clint’s home, greeting Laura and the kids, the tension between Tony and him had only grown. Ignoring him during a smaller fight was tiresome enough, but ignoring Tony’s troubled gaze
He and Tony weren’t touching; a good few inches of space lay between them. It might as well be a whole mile with the way they barely talked anymore.
“Oh, I see how it is,” Tony snorted, petting Steve’s head affectionately. “Now that Barnes finally cracked you come crawling back to me. Gotta tell you, if you think I’m just lying around here all day, waiting for you to put it to me, you’re wrong. I’m not some Victorian mistress needing to be bedded in the evening, Rogers.”
, Tony really had polluted his mind. A mind he could read all too well. The next thing Steve knew, Tony was grinning wildly and wagging his brows.
“What?” he asked, as he put his hands on the punching bag, holding it still.
“Well now,” Tony chuckled against Steve’s lips and gave him one last peck before he drew back. When Steve looked up, Bucky was staring intently at the television. “Couldn’t have that. Now that we just fixed you.”
But Tony’s eyes were already black again. “You,” he breathed after a moment. “Me. Bruce, all of us… Millions. Politicians, TV anchors, businessmen. Anyone who’s a potential threat to HYDRA. He even—” Tony groaned, sinking forward on his knees, panting. “I can’t believe this. Zola even taught them how to read our fucking bank records, medical histories, voting patterns, e-mails, phone calls, the damn SAT scores. Zola’s algorithm evaluates peoples’ past to predict their future. With that knowledge, HYDRA could easily dispose of everyone who doesn’t help their cause, do what their assassins did so far, only that it’d be much faster, much cleaner, much less traceable. They wouldn’t need to train them for years—” Tony stopped short, mouth suddenly falling open on a low disbelieving gasp. A very still beat grew between them. “What? Oh God, Steve, I didn’t know…”
Steve… Steve hadn’t.
Funny how some things never changed.
Then, they took a last detour, walking through the Centennial Park where there was a full size replica of the original Greek Parthenon. By the time they came back to the camping ground, it was already dark outside. The temperatures had dropped somewhat, and the sky was thick with stars.
Peter smiled. “I know a little something about that.”
There was every chance he would regret this tomorrow. Dream or not, this was pushing everything past borderline to real. Made it official that this was something he wanted, too. Being with a man like this. And he
“No pancakes,” Steve told them quickly.
Together, he and Tony fought the three remaining soldiers off as best as they could—which wasn’t much. They could barely keep them away from where Bucky sat slumped on the ground. When Tony moved towards the female soldier, she backhanded his helmet with so much force that he spun a full 180 degrees before he could right himself. She whirled a circle around him, and came out in front with her arms gleefully extended to both sides. Tony’s helmet clearly hadn’t survived the blow, and Steve’s breath caught in his throat when he pulled it off, his face battered and bloodied.
of all things—was proof enough for him that everything was going to be alright.
Steve grinned as he draped the blanket and all of their clothes back over them. “Come on, Tony, this is normal survival procedure. Nothing else.”
Peter smiled. “But I’m okay now, Mr. Stark. Really. Tell me about the Avengers, what have you been up to recently?”
But here… only four years later… it seemed he was practically swimming in a love that transcended time.
In the few short years Steve had been teaching, he'd never been so directly hit on. Yes, some students did make propositions that were inappropriate, but those usually tapered off when Steve acted as if he was completely oblivious (well, he wasn't exactly acting but no one needed to know that, did they?)
And he’d asked Friday about Barnes. Of course Steve wouldn’t just brush off his ashes and move on.
!” Steve snapped. “You said so yourself!”
It was a stupid question, all things considered. Steve’s ring was proof enough of that.
like a whole day had gone by, but then again, it usually didn’t.
What ghosts still held so much power over him, Steve wondered. And what could he possibly do to free Tony of their grasp?
When Sam stopped the car, Steve scrutinized the disused and neglected playground in front of them. The swings, slide and climbing frame had undoubtedly seen better days. Rusty and fallen into disrepair, long since abandoned by children with better games to play.
, his heart lodged in his throat when he saw the reverent gleam in Tony’s eyes.
TS 2:05 P.M.>Also, my balls are getting bluer as we speak
Steve startled hard, letting the shirt fall back down on the backrest of the couch. He turned. “Tony, I… Sorry,” he said, wincing as his cheeks flushed. “I guess I forgot that I don’t—I mean…” He bit his lip, stopping himself as he looked at the ceiling. “I just forgot where my room is. Over the time we have… switched rooms a few times, so… Could you give me directions?”
Steve released a low breath. “You’re having doubts.”
“What?” he asked eloquently. He couldn’t even remember her name.
So Steve nodded. It was a jerky little thing, and something inside him twisted as he did, but he nodded all the same.
* * *
Well, different times and all that. He wasn’t sure when his life had gotten a PG rating, but it wasn’t as bad as it sounded.
Both Tony and Steve groaned. “You’ve just jinxed it, you know.”
Fury’s brows had flickered upwards. “And who are you?”
Tony sighed, and was still for another full minute, before he eventually started talking.
There was the hint of a smile on Steve’s face, and while his expression was still tense, he seemed calmer already. “Hey,” Tony murmured, leaning up a bit, and looking right into Steve’s eyes. He traced a finger along his cheekbone, and along his lower lip. “I’m good, and I’m not gonna go anywhere, kay?” He furrowed his brows. “I mean, when you love someone, it’s both the good and bad times, right?”
He loved the arc reactor as well, but mostly as a humming sound when he was already close to dropping. And he definitely wasn’t ready to drop now.
“Yeah, yeah… I’m a scientist, contingencies are kind of my thing. Now get to work, Steve,” Tony all but ordered, spreading his legs somewhat, and the next couple of minutes were a series of moans and whimpers, and not just from Tony.
To what this new time had made him feel for Steve.
“Yeah, good luck with that,” Tony shot back challengingly. He really didn’t need to be told twice, and instead just grabbed for Steve’s hand and dragged him into the room.
He couldn’t believe it had already been three days since they’d defeated Thanos. He and Vision almost hadn’t made it, and Bucky and Peter were still in the hospital. Bucky had been the worst off, almost losing his other arm, too, but by now, he was recovering well.
But Tony merely kept swallowing. He swallowed, even as Steve spilled himself into his throat while saying his name like a prayer.
telling all these people that they can live outside the law as long as they’re wearing tights!
they were… and how easy it would be never to see Tony again.
… I told you that Dummy could find his way back!”
But that wasn’t the point. Steve needed time to process. Steve was open minded, sure, and he knew his mother would love him no matter who Steve liked, but he was allowed a day of freaking out about apparently not being who he thought he was, right?
Steve pressed himself against Tony in a manner so intimate Tony had never, even in his wildest, considered possible. “Hardly.” Steve’s head tilted as he considered him, drawing out a deep breath. “Not getting to talk to you for weeks… not knowing where we stand… that was the worst thing that ever happened to me. It was killing me.”
, his dick was actually making a valiant effort at getting hard again.
but if Tony truly didn’t remember him, he had to keep it together.
Steve lifted his brows when Pepper's name came up and his expression grew more wondering when Tony chose to use a word as strong as ‘warning’. It took some effort to not let out a surprised laugh at some of the things Tony said, but Steve braved it. He watched Tony intently, seeing how serious he was about it. He was trying to look out for Steve, was that it?
After a short, questioning gaze, Steve sat down on it, looking at Strange in expectation.
Natasha was scarily fast in these kinds of situations.
One of Tony’s eyebrows rose. “Are you saying that because you don’t want to go?”
They quickly freshened up, ignoring the looks the others gave them when they walked into the RV that morning.
There was nothing for a long minute. Stane grew still, his inhuman eyes blinking once, narrowing as he met Steve’s confused gaze. “No, certainly not. Mrs. Stark never used the east wing. She didn’t like it much here, since there’s no view of the sea. The only good view is from the west wing. That’s where Tony and Mrs. Stark’s private rooms are located.”
Tony swallowed, shaking his head ever so slightly. He sighed. “When I met Indries…” he started. “I was… enchanted by her, as everyone was. She was intelligent, charming and fierce. My father, who never approved of anyone, approved of her, partly because she was Obi’s assistant and partly because she had put an end to my bachelor days. It took three weeks before he suggested we wed. I wasn’t sure I loved her, but everyone suggested I did, and it seemed a reasonable thing to do at the time so… we were married.” He sighed again and cast his gaze downward. “I was told I was the luckiest man in the world. And I believed them, at first. But I never had a moment’s happiness with her. She was incapable of love… or tenderness or decency. It didn’t take long before I realized what kind of person Indries was. She certainly didn’t try to hide it. With me at her side she had all the money and power she needed to have everything she ever wanted. That’s
“Promises, promises,” Steve whispered and leaned in for yet another kiss.
Pietro and Sam had quietly listened to them, and now leaned over to Natasha to see the file they were talking about. “So what is this—they want to regulate us?” Pietro asked after a moment. “I don’t understand how that is supposed to work.”
Tony never made it seem like he missed that sort of charm and glamour. With Steve, he’d certainly chosen a partner who was everything Indries’ hadn’t been.
Ian didn’t seem to care much for their argument and instead raised his legs a little, playing with his toes as he so often did these days.
Tony was trying everything in him not to despair now. The news were raising questions on whether or not Captain America had died in that shooting in Vienna’s suburbs, and he couldn’t call Steve, since the Avengers were now officially a government-issued organization.
is stupid. Smashing your fingers in the process is a pound short of a penny. Seriously Steve, did I just have a stroke, or are you completely insane now?”
"Wait!" he called after Tony, not minding that he was only in his sleeping pants as he hurried along. When he walked by the kitchen, he only saw a dash of red fly past, heard Bucky calling "Nice!" after him, but by the time he reached the front door, it had slammed shut.
So he listened as Jarvis recited the day’s activities and together, they walked down the many corridors, chatting amiably. Throughout the last days, he felt he’d really grown close to Jarvis, not just because he talked to Steve as though he was genuinely interested in what he had to say, but also because he obviously cared a lot for his master. Walking by his side, the mansion suddenly seemed a lot less intimidating.
The last week stood in stark contrast to that, though, and the atmosphere was about as fizzy as carbon dioxide. This was the last day of term, after all. Half the teachers had taken their classes outside. Not the geek squad, though: they were trapped in the basement.
Steve nodded, leaning up to nip at his lips once more. “I don’t like my life without you in it.”
Tony hummed, as he pulled the suit back on. “I’ll prepare breakfast.”
“Oh, I forgot to tell you.” Steve pulled back, eyes shimmering with glee. “I got a little surprise for you later.”
Tony smiled in understanding. “Guess not. Sorry.”
“We dealt with it like adults,” Steve said, pointedly ignoring the snort coming from Clint’s direction. “End of the story.” He pressed his shield in Bucky’s hands. “Shower?”
He smiled at everyone as he stepped towards his desk and set his folder on top of the old surface. "Good morning," he said, surveying the room. He pulled an attendance sheet from his folder and handed it to one of the students at the front before returning to the desk and pulling a pen from the first drawer. "Today we'll be talking about the differences between renaissance and classical art."
The house itself wasn’t grandiose—wasn’t the sort of place to come to mind at the mention of a 250 years old mansion in Virginia, but with the red brimstones and the white window-frames, there was sort of a simplistic beauty about the exterior which placed it in a category of its own.
Steve raised a brow at him. “Prove what?”
Peter huffed, smiling at him a bit sheepishly.
“Steve, come on,” Natasha asked. “What do you have to lose? I can see that it’s eating you. Worst case, you’ll get some closure.”
“He will
“But you
Barnes swallowed and brushed a hand through his brown hair. “Not sure I ever will. And I don’t want to pull him down with me.”
to go back. He was just… worried what would wait for him on the other side.
Steve thought as he watched how Tony and Bucky talked to each other.
to be like them,” Bucky snarled, and rammed his metal hand down on the man’s face repeatedly. It wasn’t enough, the Winter Soldier suddenly had both hands around Bucky’s throat, choking him with an insane amount of strength. Quickly, he let go with one hand, and reached for the upper part of Bucky’s metal arm. A grin flashed across his face, and Steve knew what would happen before it did. He twisted the arm, crushed its middle part, and then—to Steve’s horror—ripped it off.
Steve glanced to Tony quickly, his retort for Bucky immediately replaced with the more urgent question, and both he and Tony turned to her at the same time.
“What? You gotta warn me,” Tony said. “It’s only a matter of time till my kid will slam his door into my face and listen to music I hate and meet people I despise.”
So much had happened in the past century: The redefinition of racism; concentration camps for Asians and Jews, genocides in countries so far away that no one cared about. Scientists discovering how little it would take to rip the world apart. He’d seen walls going up and coming down and bore witness to unimaginable human slaughter.
“I…” Tony put his hands up to his head, shaking it. “I don’t know.”
They talked a bit more after that. They talked, and sometimes kissed, but it never went beyond that. Tony never initiated something. He probably thought Steve couldn’t handle it, and Steve—well, he didn’t know how to tell Tony that that wasn’t the case at all.
Slowly, Tony shook his head. “I have never…” He paused, wanting badly to take off, to run from this strange man who knew his deepest secrets. Instead, he raised his chin, staring Steve down. “I never even told Pepper what exactly he did with me.”
The sliding doors to the workshop opened, and when Steve turned around, he saw all of the others walking in. Bucky, Clint and Sam were carrying the cradle inside, carefully positioning it in the middle of the workshop. Wanda and Pietro were the last to enter and stayed in the back of the room.
He’d known the basics, of course, but then again, he wasn’t sure if it really made a difference.
SR 7:02 P.M.>No idea what you're talking about
Tony was very close to calling Veronica and let her handle him the rest of the day as well, but that would have meant conceding defeat, and that was simply unacceptable. What kind of father would he make when he couldn’t even get his own son to settle down?
“No. I promise you, I won’t.”
Tony laughed. “Yeah. I’m glad we’re past that.”
Not really, he thought, but in truth, he already felt miles away and the fear entertaining his insides grew into a distant hum. His body wasn’t following his commands anymore. His arms were heavy and immobile, his heart pounding to the brink of pain within his chest.
Bruce sighed. "Tony Stark, boy genius, soldered his first circuit board at age four? Ever heard that speech?" he tried, but Steve's confused stare was pretty obvious. "He's the son of deceased Howard and Maria Stark. That ring a bell?"
“Hey,” Steve called, but there was no heat behind it. He was just glad Tony finally had this off his chest.
Tony pressed his eyes closed, shaking his head to get rid of the memory of Steve lying on the ground, his body bloody and broken. Of the world falling apart around them.
The dream had to be the serum messing with his head. Some kind of side effect Erskine hadn’t foreseen. And that meant it wasn’t real. And temporary. It was only some post-injection dream, starring a man who was everything Steve knew he could never have. It was his mind telling him how lost he felt right now. Not really much to figure out there. No matter how tangible it looked or felt, Tony and this motel room, they were about as real as Santa Claus.
He didn’t hesitate, though. He needed to say her name as much as he needed to breathe. “Наталия.”
Steve groaned, his hips still thrusting into Tony, desperate for as much of Tony as he could give. It didn’t take long, though, before his own orgasm took hold of him, and he had to remind himself very sternly not to crush Tony as he held on for dear life.
Didn’t he?
Or maybe Steve hadn’t tried hard enough.
Steve knew he must look like the dumbest person on earth. How was he supposed to react to that? And Tony
Steve had forgotten to pull the shutters closed. He regretted that only briefly when the light from the window fell on his eyes. He was used to early mornings, and usually didn’t resent a wake up call in the form of sunlight on his face.
With that, Tony got up, padding through the nearly empty room, unnerved by the lack of clear instructions from Steve’s side. His vitals indicated that one of Barnes’ knife had already cut Steve right across his chest and Tony… he was rapidly nearing his breaking point—his nerves had been frayed from the start, and his worry for Steve clouded his judgment. He knew he should trust Steve to know his limits, knew he needed to trust that Steve would let it drop before Barnes could kill him, but still.
Steve smiled at him, a giddy feeling rushing through every single vein of his body. “So we’re doing this?”
“Hey, Vis?”
Steve huffed. “Geez, thanks.”
The harsh sound of Steve’s voice made Tony flinch slightly. He waited for him to go on, but when he didn’t, all Tony could do was close his eyes and give his next words a little more thought.
“Steve?”
“I know, I know,” Tony said, and squeezed his hand again. “But it won’t do me any good in jail. If I’m lucky enough not to get a death sentence, that is.”
That was one of those conversations he’d hoped to delay as long as possible.
Tony felt he was perfectly justifiable in his numb stare.
“I have… absolutely no idea what you’re talking about, Tony.”
“That’s because he’s his,” Phil explained, taking a seat as well. He raised an eyebrow at Steve. “Isn’t he? Your’s and Tony’s.”
"Be careful, Captain. The thing is priming," Thor cautioned, and before Steve could so much as answer, the creature popped a bulb out of its gruesomely rimmed bell-shaped body, which landed just a short distance from him and exploded on impact with the ground, immersing the air with… What was it? Pollen?
times, minimum.”
It wasn’t until he made it to the kitchen and grabbed for the coffee pot that the first wave of memories hit him. Out of nowhere a doorway opened and every word of last night tumbled out. The night, what had happened—what he had done—everything put on the table for retrospection.
Tony bit his lower lip, not quite looking at Steve anymore. “Fine. If you want that…”
Maybe that could be enough.
It sure as hell hadn’t happened to Tony.
"Spill, Rogers."
“Damn right you’re sorry!”
Something they had in common now.
Okay, a deep breath. Steve was as straight as they come, and he was from the 20s, and was likely freaking out right now and Tony really needed to do this the grown-up way.
—fear.
, he wanted to say.
Tony stared at him for another long moment, then he glanced away, his jaw tightening. “You thought I loved her,” he said, his voice very small.
"Yeah," Steve said, letting himself finally relax fully. He still felt terrible about assaulting Tony, but then, he wasn't used to being woken up in the middle of the action. Usually he woke himself up, much closer to the early morning, although a glance to the watch next to the bed indicated it wasn't really the middle of the night anymore.
Steve took a low breath and stared over to the red alien body lying inside the cradle. He didn’t know what to make of it. The only thing he knew was that he’d promised Tony to bring it home, and that was exactly what he was going to do.
“These quarters are a bit small in comparison,” Stane went on, while he used his cane to point to the room in general, “but perhaps better suited for a man of your standing.”
"Don't regret it now," Steve said by way of answer. Tomorrow was so far away, and Tony was so close right now. He'd leave worrying about such trivial things for his future self. "Dunno 'bout tomorrow."
A sigh left Tony’s lips as he finally crossed the threshold, forcing himself not to lose it at the sight of Steve’s yellow and purple face. His left cheek was bandaged and he was hooked up to more machines than Tony could identify. The beep of the heart monitor was strong, though, and Tony made himself focus on that.
Tony’s stomach was in knots in merely considering what going on a trip with Steve could mean for him. What if Steve told the others? What if he’d only waited for the cruelest moment?
It didn’t matter. None of this did. What mattered was that he couldn’t let Steve die for Barnes.
Tony nodded. His eyes went black, as he linked back into JARVIS’ system.
Closing his eyes, Steve’s mind recalled the many times Tony had insisted on his story to be true. And Steve had never believed him.
“I never wanted to lose him,” he confessed.
“I am. I’d wanted her dead for so long—”
Steve grinned. “I’m counting on it. He’d only be nagging the whole time I cook. He really didn’t want to celebrate.”
Right… that’s what it had been hadn’t it? He’d been jealous. He could feel his face flushing a little red.
there?” Natasha asked. “Living together again?”
Natasha’s calmer voice broke through Tony’s visible agitation. “Yes, but if we publicly
“Shut up and be grateful,” Natasha chided and raised herself to her feet.
Slowly, he sat up, moving nearer while trying to gauge Steve’s expression. When Steve only kept staring at him, Tony cast him a small smile and cautiously wrapped both arms around his middle.
TS 3:42 A.M.>Good. That’s good. Sry for being melodramatic. I didn’t see anyone either, hence the blue balls. I’ll write you when I’m back?
"I'm doing it with you," Steve finally told him. "You're so warm inside," he commented idly then, eyes closing momentarily. "Need me to pull out?"
He had to give her that: Her act was perfect. She was bubbly and sweet, and pretended to be some famous model from what he could tell. Her body was just the right amount of muscled, but with lots of curves. Her face was mature, her cheekbones well defined, and her eyes long-lashed and very large. There was something world-weary about her expression, and whenever she was alone, her full lips did not smile.
“You’re such an ass! Alright, you win,” Tony conceded instantly, yanking Steve back. “I’ll talk. I’ll tell you anything you want to know… Birthday-cake-wishes… state secrets… Hilary’s dress size… pick a subject.”
It had been an easy mission, just like Fury had told him it would be.
That had Steve’s eyes widen in a fleeting moment of panic.
“In the evenings, Jarvis will always call you to discuss the next day’s activities,” Stane announced, halfway turning towards the exit door. “He will be by to show you the mansion shortly. If you need anything in the meantime just ring him on the telephone.”
Steve’s grin widened and he ran a hand across his cheek. “I’ve been awake for a while, did a small run across the lake, brushed teeth…”
The Detective.
It was a bit crazy, how much he loved the little bundle—and how that kind of love completely changed who you were. There were all these soft wisps of brown hair, and even softer blue eyes… and his son was
“Sergeant Barnes,” the long-haired man snarled—
* * 5/2/18, 1:02 AM * *
Well, what a coincidence. Tony’s face darkened and a sinking feeling took hold of his insides.
Ms Jameson was now striding around up front, wishing all of them a great time at college, and a ‘wonderful rest of their lives’.
“I wished for it, too,” Tony confided with a trembling voice. “When Jarvis died, I wished for something so I wouldn’t be alone, too. And I was so afraid of what would happen if I told you about your future… That I might lose you even before you flew that plane into the ocean.” He broke off, the words taking on a life of their own. “When you were gone, it ruined me.”
“It’s not,” Steve fired back. He depended on that knowledge. This wasn’t real. There was no place on this earth in which he’d find himself so intimately close to another man. This wasn’t real. It couldn’t be.
like he was right there, in ancient Rome, talking to a senator who somehow looked exactly like Tony but seemed… maybe more approachable.
“There is effectively
? Only an hour? But I need to—”
Natasha remained quiet and unmoving. Long minutes went by before she opened her mouth again. “It’s not a nice story,” she said, then added, “But if you really want to know, I will tell you.”
Steve’s eyes widened at the crude words, his whole body stiffening. It was one thing that Stane insulted him right to his face, but why would he talk about him to one of Tony’s business affiliates?
To his left, Sam, Bucky and Natasha sat, their expression thoughtful and just a little sad. Bucky’s arms, both the metal and the human one, were restrained with very large shackles.
“What’s the serious face for?” Tony’s voice brought him out of his thoughts, and Steve hadn’t even realized that the others had already taken their seats around the dinner table. Tony cradled Ian in his arms, gently hopping him up and down a bit.
Reif smiled. “I’ll take it into consideration.”
“It’s low profile,” Steve replied. The car was admittedly a bit smaller than Steve had thought, but it’d been the only model they could afford, so it had to do.
“You won’t believe me, for starters. I'm still having trouble believing it myself.”
When he crossed the threshold towards the workshop, however, Steve knew immediately that the warmth between Tony and him—the warmth he’d wanted so hard to hold onto—was gone.
Tony suddenly grew silent and clenched his jaw. “I’m sorry.”
There were other ways, though. And in the end, it took him three more weeks and twenty-seven days to finally man up and suggest for Tony to meet somewhere. After that, another five days for Tony to agree and ask for a location. And eight more hours before a short knock resounded within the hotel room Steve had booked for the next two days.
seventeen, and that meant he had certain cravings. Cravings so prominent Tony was certain he would explode with frustration if he sat at home for one more hour, thinking about how great Steve had tasted and how hot his muscled arms had felt around him. Thinking about Dream-Steve seducing him, undressing him, thrusting inside him. Saying Tony’s name as he came and—
“No. I
Steve laughed lightly. “And you listened to him?”
“How do we beat him if there isn’t anything to
Natasha took a deep breath, and nodded. “We managed to contact the Strange from your time.”
He showered quickly, rinsing himself in all the military-efficiency Tony still found so amusing. After getting dressed in sweats and a shirt, Steve walked back over to their bedroom, peering inside and smiling to himself when he heard the little gushing sounds coming from the cradle.
“Yeah, I… I caught you staring at guys sometimes, I don’t know. Mostly at…” His eyes darted to Steve for all of a second, before snapping back to Tony. “Uh, never mind, well… since you never said anything and started going out with girls, I began to think I had gotten it wrong.”
you, Steve.” Tony sighed, rubbing a hand over his forehead as he raised himself to his elbows. He looked positively ravaged, pants tented, hair a mess, lips kiss-swollen—and Steve had to look at the ceiling to not do something stupid like try to convince Tony that having sex right now was a
Steve sighed, counting to three. Then he curved his arm carefully around Tony and dropped his face into his hair. Tony smelled of metal and a clean, earthy scent that Steve hadn’t really noticed before.
The others arrived back at the camp about an hour later. After dinner, they all sat outside for a little while longer, staring out into the mountains until the light was gone. They talked about college, about plans for next Christmas, about spending the next holidays together. Through it all, Tony was uncharacteristically quiet, only talking when directly prompted. He seemed… lighter, but there was still something pulling him down—and Steve had no idea what it was.
“I never asked you to do anything for me.”
table manners.”
“You have no idea about the things I know,” Tony said and Steve raised a hand next to him.
Oh fuck, that was better. That was infinitely better. Tony’s graceful fingers were gliding up and down, shifting ever so often to squeeze his sac. Up and down, again and again. His thumb becoming more boisterous—pressing into his head, earning jerks and moans and whimpers and long mewls of Tony’s name with no relent.
Steve paused and chuckled. “Sorry to complicate things for you.”
“You got me,” Steve whispered, and reached for him. “Come ‘ere.”
“It’s nice to meet
“There’s a room for you, by the way,” he said. “Or a floor, really. Didn’t want to presume you and Natasha would want to hit it off right away, but I could also bring another bed onto her floor and…” He cleared his throat. “What I want to say is, if you decide to leave that cell behind, I have space for you; space that you control, and that only you have access to. Doesn’t matter what happened out there. You’re still welcome.”
Steve nodded once, a jerky little thing.
Tony was sitting in front of him. He sat on the huge bed and looked just as irritated as Steve felt.
All of it was so real. His heart ached terribly, and he didn’t know what to do to ease the hurt.
And now this.
“Of course we did,” Natasha told him with a gentle voice, her head still pillowed on Steve’s shoulders. “You’ll make a great dad.
A sigh. That didn’t come as a big surprise. “What about him?”
Sam cleared his throat. “Uh, I know I have zero idea about what’s going on here but… Steve was born in the 20s, right? How’s it possible that his friend’s still up and around? Shouldn’t he be… I don’t know… ninety or something? Definitely not shooting people.”
"By the way… I think Vision is closer to JARVIS than FRIDAY is," he mused, and that was the honest truth. He'd had some interaction with FRIDAY, and it felt like he was talking to a less sympathetic, flatter version of JARVIS. It wasn't bad, the functionality was there, and everything worked properly, but those random jabs were missing. "But, to be fair, I miss him too."
Steve nodded, and let Tony pull him in.
“It’s just us,” Bucky said. “And we already figured out you guys have a…
“Okay,” he whispered.
There was the briefest hesitation on his part, and then he amended hoarsely, “I can’t.”
When Tony didn’t say anything, a long sigh heaved off Rhodey’s shoulders, and he was up the next minute. “I’ll get you some coffee. It’ll make the hangover more tolerable.”
The phone, and beneath it, that goddamn letter.
"I did, too,” Steve breathed. “And I failed you…"
It had to be the visions messing with his head, that was all.
Steve chuckled at that, and Tony smiled as he slowly opened the lid. He cast him a meaningful glance before he slicked two of his fingers, pressing the box back into Steve’s hand. His head rolled back against the wall, his shoulders giving him leverage while moved his hips forward so he could let his own hand trail towards his opening.
Tony didn’t say, but then again—this still was Steve. So he’d remember just fine.
“I tried talking,” Steve retorted coldly, his tone firm. “
He realized it made him feel rather protective of the man in front of him. Even if said man currently looked like a big petulant child.
Tony smiled. “Nah, not tamed. But I guess I’m lucky you love me either way, huh?”
“Of course.”
“You holding up alright?” Steve asked. His words were wasted, though. Tony wasn’t here. His eyes were oily black, fingers twitching occasionally. He’d mastered Extremis in an incredible short amount of time, but then again, Steve hadn’t expected anything less.
But Steve only looked up at him—numb but not unmoved. And Tony knew by the way his mouth fell open, closed, opened again: Something was very wrong.
“You’re lying.”
to belong, and maybe that was the whole problem. Maybe it was time to finally accept the cards he’d been dealt, instead of running in circles for the rest of his life.
“What happened?” Steve repeated, more forcefully now.
Today belonged to him and his grief. And he would spend the time he had to remember the man he’d loved and lost too soon.
“About five hours,” she replied, not looking up.
Yet, he wouldn’t despair.
“I knew you were coming,” Wanda agreed. “The question is: Why?”
Tony shifted slightly, his legs brushing ever-so-slightly against Steve’s. He’d not realized how tense he’d been, only now that Steve’s admission lifted a weight off of Tony’s shoulders, he felt the relief so potent it was hard to stay upright. “I… missed you, too,” he whispered.
“Down here,” he said. “Don’t mind me. You just go on with what you were doing.”
With an inward sigh, Steve watched Tony from across the room. He was bent over his desk, a pen scratching rapidly across a sheet of paper. There was an open book lying next to him, something about Plasma Physics and Fusion Energy; and Steve walked a bit closer, taking a cautious look.
Tony would already be waiting for him.
They let go, smiling at each other, before schooling their expressions once more. Together, they walked back into the conference room, just as the heavy tread of Ross’ steps resounded, accompanied by the fretting of his assistants.
Tony’s eyes twinkled as he cocked his head. “You don’t have to answer,” he replied, licking those sinful lips of his. “I can see how hard you still are.” He stepped closer again and ran a comforting hand down Steve’s arm.
