.  It was
John’s bitterness toward this faceless girl vanished. SH wasn’t interested in girls. Good. That was very good. (He didn’t let himself think about
Sherlock, do you have a boyfriend?
John pulled away right then, and Sherlock panicked for a moment, thinking he had said all of that aloud, but John was smiling and didn’t seem put off. “I have to go brief that detective inspector about all of this,” John explained. “Don’t go anywhere, and keep that mask on until you feel like you can talk without coughing or wheezing.” He winked before walking away, and Sherlock collapsed back onto the stretcher and flung an arm over his eyes despairingly. He was so, totally helpless, and John was so, totally hot.
He needed to get back to Sherlock, to sort this all out.
How ominous.
I never had a ban on cases. I just was
“Your turn,” John said, forcing Sherlock’s eyes to flick back up to his face. John looked both cocky and amused, and on anyone else it would have been an infuriating expression, but John had certainly earned the right to wear it. “Let me see you.”
“What the hell is this?” Sherlock asked, frowning down at his drink. It proved to be a decent distraction from the minor crisis he was experiencing.  The drink tasted like cinnamon and fire, and it burned when it went down.
John leaned forward to kiss him on the nose, which would have been ridiculous if it hadn’t made Sherlock feel so warm. “I would actually rather like people to know about us,” he replied, “because that way I would get to show you off.”
Slowly, almost hesitantly, Sherlock nodded. It was a subtle thing, as if they were worried that John might change his mind at any sudden movement.
Sherlock’s mouth snapped shut, and the colour drained from his face. “My assumption was clearly incorrect,” he said, sounding completely detached now. “I won’t make that mistake again.” He pulled a few notes out of his wallet and tossed them on the table. “That ought to be enough to cover the cost of my coffee. Goodbye, John.” Before John could respond, Sherlock stepped around the table, neatly standing just slightly too far at any given moment for John to be able to reach out and grab him, and quicker than John could process what was happening, Sherlock left the café.
[6:17AM] You’re so easy to read. JW
“Ready now?” he asked, smiling up at Sherlock, who nodded.
[7:16AM] Mycroft got some intelligence about where you are. SH
Before long, they arrived at 221B Baker Street, the address Sherlock had given the cabbie. It was a surprisingly nice location for a university student’s flat. John admired the street a bit as Sherlock unlocked the door before he was tugged inside.
“Look,” he said, breaking the silence. “I haven’t seen anyone else who’s likely to be a suspect.” He didn’t mention the fact that his eyes had essentially been glued to John and the twink who had been beside him up until the creep had sat across from him. “If this man turns out not to be the killer, we can sit together and re-group before picking out more potential suspects.” Having some time together would likely help ease some of the tension that had clearly been building in each of them.
John was quite sure that he wouldn’t be passing out when there was a real and present danger to Sherlock’s life, but he obligingly took one bite of pasta and drank half his glass of water.
John frowned. “You don’t look so good,” he said, making to stand up, but Sherlock was in front of him immediately, pushing him by his uninjured shoulder back down into his chair.
He could practically hear John’s frown. “What are you sorry for, love?”
“So,” John said, watching as Sherlock wrapped his hands around his mug as if trying to absorb its warmth, “tell me a little about yourself.”
Sherlock was almost immediately pinned against the bathroom wall, the full weight of John’s body covering him and preventing him from escaping. He spared a brief thought for how nervous he should have been in this situation, cornered in a confined space with a trained soldier he’d just surprised with a kiss, but his momentary worry dissolved into nothingness, for John was leaning closer, bringing their lips together, and
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John cleared is throat. “I mean, we’d obviously have to talk about it more, but I wouldn’t be opposed to this turning into a proper relationship.”
“Exactly,” Lestrade said. “The cases were originally considered to be unrelated.”
John smirked. So SH liked that he was single as well. That was definitely promising.
It took Sherlock a painfully long time to comprehend precisely what John was referring to. “
Sherlock’s sibling?” he asked, incredulous. “This is all some sort of elaborate practical joke, isn’t it?”
In which John is on leave.
The repairman smirked and took a few steps toward him. “You know, with all that stomping on the stairs, I was expecting more than just a slender little thing like you,” he said.
Sherlock seemed pleased by that. John tried to keep himself from thinking about why that might be.
[6:18AM] Your secret’s safe with me. JW
“Hi,” Sherlock replied, still looking a bit shy, as if he wasn’t quite sure this was really happening. John understood the feeling. “Where are all of your teammates?”
[4:22PM] Really? SH
Sherlock was in the process of discharging himself from the care of the paramedics when John walked over and found him again. John’s helmet and extraneous gear had been dropped off somewhere, it seemed, and he was merely wearing his bulky uniform. God, he was attractive. While he was secretly thrilled that John had sought him out, he was also slightly devastated, knowing that he wouldn’t be able to think properly until at least twenty-four hours after John left his presence for good.
Sherlock held onto John’s forearm with both hands.
lol).
“Hey, you,” someone said, and Sherlock briefly wondered if he was hallucinating, because this was not just any
John quirked an eyebrow up and thankfully looked amused rather than horrified. “Spot on, as always,” he said with a small smile. “I’ll have to give more consideration to moving in, obviously, but I’d love to come up.”
John was so relieved at getting a text back that he couldn’t respond for a few minutes. When he did reply, he said,
And that, of course, called to mind the image of Sherlock with those parts “waving around.” John wasn’t sure why he’d ever thought this had been a good thing to start asking about. He already found Sherlock to be ridiculously attractive. Now he had to add the thought of them naked and with a penis to the mix. Christ, this was going to be difficult. “Right,” he said. “Good.”
The explicit rating comes into effect in this chapter!  Be warned!
Sherlock’s previously petulant expression was cracked by a small smile. “Sod Mycroft,” they agreed. They settled down against John, head resting on his good shoulder. “So,” they said, looking away almost sheepishly. “I found a woman online who’s willing to lease us a flat in central London for half the normal price.”
John beamed up at him, and Sherlock was momentarily dazed by that brilliant grin and those sparkling eyes.  “Great,” John said, sounding incredibly enthusiastic about his response. He pulled his phone out and handed it to Sherlock.  “Here, put your number in.  That way we’ll be able to arrange where to meet up once the game’s over.”
Having paused to stare for a bit longer than was socially acceptable, Sherlock forced himself to snap out of it. He sat with his book at a table nearby, deciding to stick around for a bit. It wasn’t as if he had anything else on for the rest of the day. Besides, he told himself, it was probably easier to just get the information he needed from the book right then and there rather than having to check to book out and return it later.
[5:07PM] That’s exactly how I feel about you. JW
How had Molly known that?  “Yes, he did.”
This time it was Sherlock who broke the kiss entirely. “Come on,” he said, and he took John’s hand and led him down the hall toward what must have been Sherlock’s bedroom. In contrast to the remainder of the flat, it was very tidy. There was no clutter on the floor or the furniture, unlike the sitting room. John caught sight of a framed picture of the periodic table, and he couldn’t help but smile. Why was he growing fonder at every new revelation about Sherlock? It was ridiculous. Not that he was going to try backing away to stop it. No, he would let it happen, and he hoped that it wouldn’t end up biting him in the arse.
“Christ,” John breathed, and Sherlock forced himself once more to meet John’s gaze. Only, this time, John wasn’t looking at his face. His eyes instead moved down Sherlock’s body, his skin flushing in their wake as if the stare was a physical touch.
That was it.  That was
“How’re you feeling?” John asked, his light-heartedness temporarily replaced by concern.
(See the end of the chapter for
John grimaced.  “Yeah.  Apparently my roommate’s gone and thrown up in someone’s shoes.  I’ve got to go back there to help clean up and to make sure he gets to bed.”
“So what do other members of your species do when they come to Earth?” John asked.
The man beside Donovan, the one who wanted to have sex with her, seemed to pick up on just who she was targeting. “Never have I ever faked my death,” he said with pride.
The texts started coming in that very evening, just after Sherlock had returned to his room.
Mrs. Hudson’s expression turned firmer, as if daring him to continue along this path. “221B is
John again reread the text a few times, and then suddenly he was smiling. A horrible opening line. He probably should have been offended, but he found himself laughing instead. That progression of thinking was brilliant. All the pieces were there, but he certainly couldn’t have put it all together himself, he was sure. All thoughts of Bird Girl were replaced fully by this clever, interesting stranger.
John laughed and tried not to stare too hard. Sherlock was wearing dark fitted jeans and an equally fitted charcoal shirt. His hair fell in loose curls over his forehead. His eyes were piercing and blue-green-grey. His lips were plush and delectable. He was even more beautiful up close, and John was surprised that Sherlock didn’t post a million pictures of himself online every day just for the sake of appeasing the public.
Sherlock sent the text before he got the chance to regret it. He wasn’t the type to attend sporting events, but he thought it might be an educational experience, if nothing else.
“We were just thinking about playing Never Have I Ever,” Donovan responded.
“My boyfriend thinks I’m interesting,” John said in a sing-song voice, enjoying this banter with Sherlock, who was indeed his boyfriend, a fact which everyone would soon know, he was sure.
In which John comes home.
(See the end of the chapter for
[3:37AM] I was shot in the left shoulder. I somehow ended up with a bit of a limp, too, which is ridiculous. JW
“Can do.  Stay here. I’ll be right back.”
yes,” or, “That’s it, baby, take it,” or, “God, you’re gorgeous,” and Sherlock’s ability to speak steadily degraded until all he was able to do was moan out something that sounded vaguely like John’s name.
He stared at John’s naked torso. John was tan and fit and unbearably attractive. There was a scar on his left shoulder that spoke of a gunshot and an infection, likely from the conditions under which the shot was received. Sherlock touched it with gentle fingers, but John flinched. He looked up at John’s face again, saw the discomfort (and shame?) there, and leaned forward to lay his lips against the scar.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John smiled softly at him.  “You’re doing that blinking thing again,” he told Sherlock.  “It’s adorable.”  He reached out to take Sherlock’s hand in his own.
.  He proceeded to go after that particular player with a focused sort of revenge. And, god, he looked incredible when he was angry.  Sherlock felt rather overheated.   He even went so far as to roll up his shirtsleeves.  He then forced himself to concentrate very hard on keeping
John looked up from his work, his expression something Sherlock almost wanted to define as hopeful. “Is that so? Well, if you ever need an assistant, give me a call.”
I’ve moved since you last saw me. Got a nice spot in central London. There’s a second bedroom, even.
“Bye,” John said, waving with the hand holding his wrench. Sherlock wasn’t sure if John did that merely by accident or if it had been done as some sort of threat.
So this is a little later than I'd said, but I apparently forgot to take into account holidays when giving my two weeks to write this, and then the new episode happened (if you want to see my excited thoughts on that, you can visit
[8:40AM] You can’t go. Please, John, you can’t. SH
He decided that he couldn’t wait another week before doing this again.
You can find me on tumblr
“Oi, Watson, wrap it up,” one of John’s coworkers called to him. “Break’s almost over.”
In which Sherlock recovers from being drugged.
“Do you like chemistry?”  And the way John said it, it sounded like a far more significant question than it should have.
[12:08AM] You’re one to talk. You’re awake at four o’clock in the morning where you are because you thought I might be messaging you. SH
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Thank you for reading this chapter, and feel free to leave a comment/kudos if you feel so inclined!
John’s thumb was moving from side to side on his back, and Sherlock suddenly wished that he hadn’t worn his coat so that he could feel it more intensely. He cleared his throat. “Right,” he said. “Of course.”
John sat down opposite Sherlock and folded his hands together on the table. Sherlock still looked irritated with his empty mug, and it was amusing enough that he had to laugh. “Aren’t you proud of me for deducing you like that?” John asked.
Subject: RE: You never do this
John smiled.  “Good.”
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock threw himself into his own armchair with a huff.
“How do I look?” Sherlock asked as he walked out of the room that had since become
“So if we can rule out which places he’s already gone to, we can figure out which bars might be potential targets for him in the area,” Lestrade offered.
They leaned forward a bit, their expression both hesitant and serious as they asked, “Would you really be interested in staying there?”
“Do you want to come in?” he blurted out and immediately regretted it. “I mean, your current salary is adequate at best, and your army pension likely contributes very little. Your flat right now must be quite terrible, then. I’ve got an extra bedroom, and I’ve been looking for a flatmate.” That much was a lie. Mrs. Hudson had thought that it would be good of him to find someone to live with, but Sherlock had never actively looked.
Sherlock spread his fingers apart just enough so that John could see the glare that was being directed at him.
“So,” John said when Sherlock failed to think of an interesting contribution to the conversation.  “You know that thing you did with Wilkes and his friends?”
In which they are not so happy.
When Sarah realised that John wasn’t following her, she turned to him, brow furrowed. “Aren’t you coming?”
[4:41PM] No, of course not. We’ll save that for when I get home. JW
Thank you so much for reading this chapter!  I'll likely have the next chapter posted on Tuesday or Wednesday, so keep an eye out for that.  As always, any feedback you have is welcome!
This thing between them was so new. After everything that had happened between them over the years, the development of a romantic relationship between them was simultaneously a relief and a source of new stress. Sherlock had never been with someone like this before, and although John assured him that that didn’t matter, he couldn’t help but worry that his lack of experience was going to make him seem sub-par in comparison to John’s previous relationships. Beyond that, he hadn’t yet figured out all of the rules. He could make assumptions about some of them. For example, he was fairly certain that they weren’t allowed to speak about their relationship in public. Along that same line, public displays of affection were likely prohibited. But those were the only rules he’d worked out so far. Luckily, when they were invited to the Yard’s weekly night out, those two rules were the only ones that Sherlock would probably need to observe.
John smiled.  “Yeah, I suppose you will.”
John snorted at the text.
As he heard the door to his flat open, no doubt Mrs. Hudson letting the repairman in, Sherlock fussed with his hair and straightened out his shirt once more before emerging from his room.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the radio as if trying to glare at the man through the device. “Fine. Perhaps a demonstration is in order. Your ‘boys’ here called you ‘Captain,’ but that’s not an official ranking in the London Fire Brigade. Everything about their posture indicates military career. They’re standing at parade rest right now.” He cast a pointed glance to the men before him, and they shuffled uncomfortably out of their rigid stances. “You served with them, then, and you were their captain. You’re clearly still ranked above these men out here even in your current career, or they wouldn’t persist in using your army ranking to refer to you. How’s that? Impressed,
Sherlock kissed back enthusiastically, and, really, once he figured out the motions, he was an incredible kisser. John shouldn’t have been surprised. Sherlock seemed the sort to master any skill in a ridiculously short period of time. It would have seemed unfair if John hadn’t been benefiting greatly from it at that point.
With their cooperation all but assured, John pulled out his phone and prayed that Sherlock hadn’t blocked his number.
“I think we were going to start walking over as well,” he said, and when he turned back to John to get confirmation, he found that John’s eyes were on Molly’s hand.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Yes, and a doctor, too.
Sherlock continued to move his hips, guided by John’s hands on his arse. He picked up the pace, starting to get desperate.  He whimpered. John squeezed his arse, and when John’s mouth was back on his neck, Sherlock knew that he was done for. He could feel electricity flowing through his veins, sparking with pleasure.
John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, and as the adrenaline began to fade, Sherlock started to worry that John was hiding some sort of disappointed expression. Those concerns dissolved, however, when a high giggle bubbled out of the man on top.
s and
He could tell that John was smiling. How was it that they seemed to know one another so well already? “Oh, I think we’ll have time for another round in the morning. I don’t have to leave until shortly before lunch.”
The man seemed to sense that.  He raised his hands up in surrender before walking away.
I hope you enjoyed that!  Look for the next chapter around Wednesday!
Sherlock offered a small smile in return. “Patience is not something I’m known for.”
And then age had set in, and Redbeard started to get sick.
“You okay?” John asked, head cocked to the side.  “You seem a little off.”  His expression changed to something sympathetic.  “You must be pretty hung-over, huh?”
Murray and Lestrade gave him sympathetic looks that he ignored. Neither of them commented on John’s being out with a man, as John’s bisexuality wasn’t exactly a secret. “Why would he do that?” Murray asked.
They shrugged. “That would be acceptable.”
to have Sherlock in his life in some capacity. He could really imagine this developing into a proper relationship, which was not something he was used to.
[4:52AM] I miss you. SH
“My people are generally smart enough to stay indoors for most of their lives,” they replied haughtily.
Sherlock looked over at him then, frowning. “Dinner?” they repeated, and John knew that it wasn’t because they were unfamiliar with the concept of the meal. No, it seemed as if Sherlock was genuinely disbelieving of the invitation. They seemed so unsure of their welcome in that moment that John’s heart constricted a bit for them.
Lestrade, who was seated beside John, leaned over and whispered, “Christ, John, he looks young, doesn’t he?”
John had gotten good at reading Sherlock through text, so he knew that Sherlock always took a particularly long time to respond at any suggestion of intimacy. John had just asked him out, after all, so the suggestion of intimacy was perhaps more evident than it had ever been before. Awkwardness on Sherlock’s part, it seemed to be, and John thought it was mostly adorable, though at that moment it was terrifying more than anything else.
—your new companion is, Dr. Watson,” the man continued.
John laughed, feeling buoyant. So Sherlock liked watching rugby men, and John was a rugby man, and maybe he did have a chance with this incredibly gorgeous angel of a man after all. “I knew it,” he said, triumphant. “You’ve got normal interests, too.”
You can stay with me. My landlady will be delighted. She’s always pestering me about having company over.
Despite the hour, as Sherlock shifted to pick his phone off his bedside table, John reappeared in his room, holding out another glass of water. Sherlock took the water from him and drank the entire thing without a word.
[4:15PM] What’s my gorgeous boyfriend up to right now? JW
They spent nearly an hour in each other’s presence in absolute silence, merely working opposite one another and occasionally passing smiles across the table.  Sherlock had estimated that he would only need ten minutes to get the information he needed, but he simply kept re-writing it over and over and over again to give himself something to do.  He would have simply left and promised to see John later, but he was still confused as to what was happening here.
John laughed again. “Yes, really.”
“Does your ship still work?” John asked, with the unspoken implication being,
Sherlock shook his head. “No, of course not,” he hurriedly clarified. “We established already that you were a soldier, but you’re clearly not in the military now. You don’t seem to have actually gone off to war, so something must have happened before you were sent abroad. The way you move—you favour your left shoulder. It’s clearly been injured, and given that I know you never made it off to war, the injury must have been severe enough to warrant invalidation. Being shot in the left shoulder would fit, then.” He waited for a moment, but John didn’t reply automatically. “Was I right?”
The creature merely scampered up the tree a little higher, and the monkeys jumped over to the next tree to avoid the intrusion, howling relentlessly all the while. The man in the tree tried howling back at them, but the howlers continued hopping trees until they were on the other side of the river. The man stared after them with awe in his expression, seemingly enraptured by the movement of the animals.
“I don’t know what led you to that conclusion,” Sherlock muttered, trying to turn his attention back to his food.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“Interesting,” was all they said, before moving on to the next topic.
Subject: RE: You never do this
John didn’t have time to roll his eyes at the comment, too preoccupied with trying to figure out what had spooked Sherlock. “Well, yeah, but then he ran off.”
“He wouldn’t have killed me that night,” Sherlock pointed out.
[3 September, 7:47PM] Have you eaten today at all? JW
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and picked apart the food in front of him. His stomach felt far too fluttery for him to even think about eating anything just yet.  “If you wanted to go, I thought I might tag along. It was interesting last time we went.”
And—for reasons entirely unrelated to John—he began looking around the room at his furniture, wondering what, if broken, would require a repairman’s assistance.
There was a brief pause. “I’m afraid you’ve severely misjudged this situation, doctor. I take it you told Sherlock about our previous chat?”
“He likes me,” Sherlock told John, eyes shining with a level of happiness that made John’s heart soften a little bit more.
[12:00AM] It’s officially our anniversary. SH
The final chapter will be up within the next few days (it's written and essentially just needs to be read through again, so I won't keep you all hanging with my inaccurate self-imposed deadlines).
John let out a laugh.  “Sounds like fun.” There were so many people, and they were all so
I should have a lot of time off after next week, so hopefully I can have the next chapter up by next Sunday-ish (but don't hold me to that too hard lol)!  You can find me on tumblr
He prepared himself to be bored to tears for the remainder of the evening, only to find that everyone was already gathering their things and preparing to leave. John pocketed his phone, surprised at how painless that all had been, save for the end bit.
[2:46AM] I ruined everything. It’s my fault this happened. I’m sorry. SH
Sherlock, do you have a boyfriend?
[2:42AM] They said you were dead. SH
(Or something like that.)
He could hear the researchers waking up in the rooms below him. The floors and walls were thin enough that he could even make out the sound of their suitcases zipping up. By lunchtime, there would have been absolutely no traces of them left in the place.
[5:05PM] Are you suggesting that I might cheat on you? JW
desperate to talk things over that he hardly cared how sad and empty the pub was at that time. “I mean, he said it was a date, and you kind of made it seem like it wasn’t. Could just feel awkward about that.”
? Kissing was exactly what it seemed to be on the surface.  Tongues and lips and an exchange of minor fluids.  It was so simple, so bland, and yet Sherlock could not get enough. He hummed into the kiss, pressing closer.  John’s hands were starting to stray, one still gripping the hair at the nape of his neck while the other inched lower and lower and lower, moving unbearably slowly. And then,
John’s smile was less pained this time, softness lingering where discomfort had previously been. “You really have been worried about me.”
, John would say, and Sherlock would respond with a nod and a blank expression, and all would be well.
an odd thought. “I’m perfectly capable of paying for my own coffee,” Sherlock reminded him, talking to him like he was being thick on purpose.
“Sounds like my brilliant boyfriend’s been rubbing off on me.”
I don’t exactly have anything else on at the moment, so I might as well.
[6:15AM] Oi. I’m not playing soldier. I’m an actual soldier. I’ve sent you the photos to prove it. JW
“I happen to like your hand where it is,” John said with a coy smile. “Besides, I like seeing you all marked up like this.  It’s a
Everyone else seemed to be confused, and Donovan looked downright shocked. Her whole purpose had been to humiliate Sherlock in front of John, and now it seemed that her plan was backfiring.
“You’ve got ‘Call Harry’ written on your right hand.  This indicates left-handedness as well.  The name is smudged, and has clearly been rewritten multiple times.  You feel obligated to get in contact with this person, clearly, but you haven’t yet motivated yourself to do that.  A familial connection is most likely, then.  If it was a friend, you wouldn’t feel so conflicted about not phoning them back.”
Thanks so much for reading!  I should have the next chapter up within the next two weeks!  Comments/kudos always appreciated <3
"My library is an archive of longings."
“Oh, John,” Sarah said the next time the researchers returned to El Panadero. “I see you’ve found yourself an assistant.” She smiled tightly over at Sherlock, clearly picking up on the familiarity between them and John.
[3 September, 7:51PM] I’ll bring over some dinner. JW
John smiled, and that was probably the first proper smile those researchers had ever seen from him. “Yeah, I did. This is Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, this is the team of primatologists that uses this base.”
“I just want to…”  John never finished the thought.  Instead, he leaned up, moving slowly enough that Sherlock could back away if he wanted to. He didn’t want to. Sherlock allowed his eyes to fall shut, and he ducked his head down until their lips were pressed together. It was just as addictive as it had been the night before.  In theory, it was no more interesting than any other kiss he had ever experienced, but the fact that it was
The blue-green-purple man, looking a little more blue and green right then, obediently shuffled down the tree trunk until he landed softly on the ground. He then stepped out onto the path across from John, staring in obvious curiosity at John’s gun.
“Christ,” John breathed, and, oh, there was something in his voice that sounded about as far from disappointment as possible, which was not what Sherlock had expected. John rubbed a hand over his face, sitting back even further on Sherlock’s legs. He seemed unable to take his eyes away from Sherlock’s body.
John smiled. “Set one up. Friday. Angelo’s. Eight o’clock.”
John had tried texting Sherlock the day after their failed date, but as expected, there had been no response. He wasn’t known for quitting, though, so he hadn’t let that get him down. Instead, he’d sent another text, and then another, and then another, but all of his texts over those next few days went unanswered.
Sherlock’s jaw clenched at that, which John assumed meant he really didn’t want to be near any members of the rugby team. “It’s no problem,” he said, and his words were stiff, losing the easy flow of their earlier conversation. And then, to John’s surprise, he stood up and started gathering his things. He put his coat on and shoved his phone in his pocket.
Sherlock blushed even more furiously and shot John another half-hearted glare. “I plan on making my living by thinking out every possible scenario, so of course I thought that far ahead.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
.  Sherlock thought back to Victor, to how different that had been.  Granted, John’s touch had never extended beyond being strictly platonic, but it was still thrilling to be touched so openly like this.
John had rolled his eyes, but his smile had still been in place. “The point is to woo you, smart arse,” he’d said. “Let me do that, yeah?”
There was a warm, tentative hand on his forehead, and unlike the first time John had touched him that morning, this time the contact seemed to make everything a bit better. “Rest up, love,” John murmured softly to him, and although Sherlock had several questions he wanted to ask, he ultimately gave in to John’s gentle request.
-----
Sherlock looked over at John and shook their head slowly. “I don’t want a normal human life,” they said.
He ducked his head a bit.  “You hardly need help in biochem,” he said at last.  “You did quite well in the class.”
“Ah, Dr. Watson,” the voice on the other line said, “I’m so glad I caught you before dinner.” It was a man speaking. He had a posh accent that was vaguely reminiscent of the one Sherlock had somehow developed, but John found it to be grating coming from this stranger.
John laughed and leaned down almost carelessly to kiss Sherlock’s forehead.
As expected, Seb Wilkes didn’t take the hint. “Hey, look who it is,” he announced to no one in particular as Sherlock walked by the front desk.
But, like all holidays, this one was meant to end before too long. John had started looking around for clinic work, as he took the lull between cases to mean that Sherlock didn’t have a steady enough job to support them both, and as much as Sherlock liked the idea of John taking care of him in all aspects, including financially, he loathed the thought that John would be forced to stick to a somewhat regular schedule.
[12:47AM] I love you. SH
, he thought.
John shook his head, smiling. “Brilliant. How’d you know?”
Sherlock decided that he didn’t want to be the subject of that look any longer. He grabbed John’s hand and tugged him toward the exit. “Text me the name of the bar John and I will be searching tomorrow,” he called over his shoulder, not leaving any time for a reply from the weary DI.
In the end, the two of them lost, likely because all of their responses were meant to target one another. It hardly mattered. Everyone else was beginning to look a bit uncomfortable with the level of personal information that was being revealed about their relationship. Sherlock didn’t care. He was simply ecstatic that they were allowed to talk about this at all.
John let out a little laugh.  “Yeah, you were pretty gone last night.”  Concern flashed over his features.  “You still remember what happened, don’t you?”
Sherlock’s sulk dissolved into a hesitant smile.  “Better.”
I’m looking forward to it.
Sherlock was speechless for a moment.  Incredible?  First John called him hot, and now this?  How was Sherlock supposed to function?  He eventually managed to pull himself together enough to formulate a response. “I simply observed,” he said in a poor attempt at a haughty tone.
I don’t miss you. I talk to you all the time. Besides, I only knew you for approximately ten hours before you were on a plane back to your precious war.
John sighed and shoved the rice and beans he was preparing in the fridge. They would hopefully keep well enough. “Sure,” he said, offering a slightly weary smile over at Sherlock. “Let’s go, then.”
Sherlock took an embarrassingly long moment to process John’s words. “Our first kiss?” he repeated, a bit breathless.
His mind went blissfully silent in a way that it never was.
As it turned out, Mrs. Hudson was
To paraphrase Tracy Morgan at the end of 30 Rock, "That's it for this fic!  Not a lot of people read it, but joke's on you, because I had fun anyway!"
A familiar feeling of disappointment dragged his innards down.
“Those, too,” John said, gesturing at Sherlock’s pants.
John didn’t make him wait any longer. His fingers pulled out, ripping a whine from Sherlock’s throat, and he almost immediately he lined his cock up to replace them.
John shook his head.  “You just relax, gorgeous.  Don’t worry about me right now.”
Sherlock flushed bright red.  “I didn’t even do anything for you last night.  You…took care of yourself.”  He kept his voice down as the waiter approached them with their meals.
John nodded again. “Yeah, and from what Lestrade said when he stopped by earlier, he’s pretty much confessed to the murders. No way he’s getting out.”
[2:44AM] I’m so sorry, John. I’m sorry. SH
“Gorgeous,” John breathed, and in spite of the fact that he repeated such compliments every time they had sex, Sherlock still found himself flushing at how genuine it sounded.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“Oh, baby,” the man said, and then he was standing, walking over to Sherlock’s side. “I think you’ve had a bit too much to drink. Let’s get you home.”
John frowned and had to take a moment to look around. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting to see, but there was nothing in the shop to indicate that anything was out of the ordinary. “
Taking a walk was her solution to everything when it came to him, but Sherlock hated walks just as much as he hated waiting.  Or, perhaps, he hated walks
[6:20AM] You wound me, love. JW
Sherlock ignored him.
“Bit of a mess, but it should all be good as new now.”
“I thought the phone didn’t work.”
In which Lestrade gives the boys a case.
Sherlock lifted one hand away from his face to gesture at the chair opposite him. “Be my guest.”
.  His heart was trying to work its way up his throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock himself dressed in one of his nicest suits—fitted, with crisp lines that John used to comment on all the time. His hair was washed and styled, and his face was shaved. All in all, he looked like a moderately functional person, which was not a look he’d had for nearly two weeks. Since his argument with John, he’d taken to staying in more, which required pyjamas rather than suits. After he’d been told that John was dead, he’d essentially stopped existing, and the last week of waiting around for John to come back had been filled with anxiety and excitement in equal measure that had left it difficult for him to sit still long enough to look at himself in the mirror and assess the damage that had been done to his physical appearance because of the preceding events.
His hand came down, searched out a hole to fuck and his breath caught. Just beneath the balls of the cock rubbing quite insistently against his own, were
With everything set up, John shrugged out of his leathers and smalls, going to the river to wash up for himself. Of course, he had far from forgotten the Incubus from the night before. It was something he kept close to his mind as he felt eyes on him throughout the morning. He knew he was being watched - he'd taken a meal from a monster, and that probably meant he would have to put that monster down when it sought revenge.
John was quick to lose his patience, hand going into the water, using his foot to kick up the silver knife he'd been keeping hidden just beneath. He slashed, keeping his arc short, free arm tucked in close to prevent an opening. Sherlock was forced back a little further, his smirk fading as his eyes caught sight of the silver - perhaps now he would understand that John meant business.
"Your name, Witcher, then I'll leave." He reached back and picked up his violin like it would break at a stiff breeze.
He swallowed and eyed the Incubus up and down, frowning. "John. Off you go now."
The Incubus opened his eyes, a striking shade of otherworldly gray and looked right at John. He didn't pause in his playing, but quirked the corners of his lips up in a coy little smirk, a silent challenge for John.
He scrambled to right himself, lost his dagger along the way but staggered back to his feet in the river.
thing. He tended to think it was the latter.
Seeking a direction, the Witcher closed his eyes and took a deep inhale, letting his senses stretch out and sharpen. He was looking for the scent of water or the sound of a river, picking up the smells and sounds of the forest on either side of the road. Moss and soil, dead leaves, bird wings and their mating calls, leaves clattering together as the wind makes them dance in the dying sunlight of the day… The recent rainfall made everything smell fresh and alive, filling his lungs with life and nature, a welcomed reprieve from many things he'd smelled and tasted in his life.
"The buckle on your shoulderpiece there," gray eyes flicked momentarily to the piece, "It dons a family crest from the North. You may be a Witcher but you wear your hair like a soldier, keep a stiff back and square shoulders, you
John sighed again. He was loathe to pointlessly kill intelligent creatures, especially ones who weren't inherently harmful.
The Incubus huffed, "I'm not in your head, dear Witcher. I'm afraid mind reading is not one of my many skills." He had gotten closer, pressed in until the heat of his breath played over John's face.
Spellsong.
The music didn't stop immediately. Instead the Incubus worked the melody into a rising crescendo, louder and sharper than before. John glanced warily around him, expecting the enthralled villagers to attack and defend their 'Master.' Nothing of the sort happened though, and the bow wobbled gracefully as the tune dipped down in an elegant finish and finally died away. The ringing of magic in the air softened, but didn't fade.
The Incubus smirked again, the motion crinkling the corners of his eyes with that delighted mischief.
For a moment John thought to stop him, but then…then this would end.
It was quiet outside, no signs of other human life. Not a good sign, in his professional opinion. He drew Harriet to a halt and dismounted, walking her to the nearby trough to drink while he went to investigate.
Sherlock's eyes were bright silver, sharp as John's knives, and absolutely delighted.
He was just finishing with his bath, quick, efficient, keeping his waist well under the water to keep his focus sharply on the fact that Sherlock was a monster, not just a very pretty man. A hand touched the back of his shoulder, on the wide plane of a scarred shoulderblade.
He was momentarily confused by the act, then grit his teeth. Enough of this.
"Perhaps a bit of a reach, that one, but your boots. Witchers don't often have nice things, but those boots are of fine make. We already established that you were a soldier, likely taken in at a younger age, but you need to have significant bartering skills to get footwear that nice on a Witcher's coin. Thus, someone had to teach you. Mercantile is not on the list of things they teach soldiers or Witchers, so my deduction is that it had to be a family member. Father, most likely. How am I doing so far?"
John huffed out an amused laugh, and there seemed to be some relief in the sound as well. “Fair enough.” He perched himself on the edge of the bed. “We got confirmation that it was Rohypnol he used on you. That stuff stays in your system for a few days. You should just try to sleep for the next seventy-two hours if you can.
And yet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The vet needs to put him to sleep,” Mummy had told him. He was eleven years old, and he knew what that meant.  It meant that Redbeard would not be coming back.
He opened his mouth to say
Sherlock smiled back at him. “My clothes are expensive. Of course I’m going to take care of them. And I have a high level of overall personal grooming, so that’s more related to how I look than a habit of cleanliness. You put a bit of product in your hair and that’s it. Your nails are clean for a different reason than mine, then.”
[4:18PM] I thought you told me not to give you all of the gory details anymore. SH
John frowned.  “Er, yes.” He sounded confused. “I thought that was obvious, especially for someone as observant as you are.  It should have definitely been obvious last night.”
[4:19PM] You’re a ridiculous man, Sherlock Holmes. JW
“He hasn’t done anything to suggest that he’s the murderer,” Sherlock pointed out. “As much as you want it to be, being an entitled arse is hardly a crime.” He ordered two drinks, dreading the moment when they would come and he would have to go back to that man.
damn)—that had apparently led them to those incredible deductions.
The alien seemed to recognise that last word, because they gave a loud, imitative howl in response to it.
(See the end of the chapter for
John thought.
When they were outside, John pulled him down into a proper kiss, and although Sherlock was still a bit confused, he relaxed into it all the same.
And you like him?
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock ordered a glass of rosé, and when John laughed at him, he muttered, “I have to make sure that I look gay enough for our killer.” And while that was true, he also knew that pink drinks generally tasted better than all other kinds.
In which they go to a party, get drunk, and do what drunk people do, basically.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
[6:18AM] What have you told them about me? SH
John pulled his fingers out entirely and was kind enough not to mention the near-sob that ripped its way out of Sherlock at the sudden emptiness. “Shh, baby, it’s all right,” John assured him softly. He poured out some of the lube to slick up his cock. Moving in between Sherlock’s legs, he lined himself up and said, “I’m going to push into you now. Stop me if it hurts.” He nudged forward until just the head pressed in.
“Hey, Sherlock, come over here.”  Seb’s voice broke through his thoughts.
Sherlock spent the majority of that following morning preparing himself. He showered and shaved despite the fact that his facial hair was minimal enough to likely go unnoticed. He spent nearly an hour obsessing over which trousers to wear, wanting to properly accentuate his arse, and the shirt he chose to go with those trousers was pale blue and remarkably tight. He evaluated himself in the mirror: professional but still a bit twink-ish. It was perfect.
John looked like he was fighting a grimace.  “I guess I’d better get back to it.”  He gestured with his free hand to the counter.
John laughed, and Sherlock oddly didn’t feel like he was being laughed
Yes, and a doctor, too.
The alien seemed to understand that instruction, as they trotted along at John’s side the entire way back to the main house.
Even as the waiter placed their food in front of them, John continued to smirk, seeming unashamed of their conversation. “Just hearing the noises you made was more than enough for me,” he said, not modulating his volume at all.
“I’m John,” the unbearably handsome man said, wiping his hands on a scrap of cloth he must have brought with him before holding one out toward Sherlock.
The line went dead, and John put the phone back down. He simply stood there, collecting his thoughts, until the owner came over to usher him back into the main part of the shop. “Gracias,” John told the man before walking out.
John pulled back, having to practically force himself to do so. “You’re sure about this?” he asked, hating the thought that he was pressuring Sherlock into this.
“Rugby isn’t terribly boring, and it’s been ages since I’ve actually been to a party, so…”  Sherlock shrugged, hoping she would buy that answer.
With the appearance of being a compassionate mate, the man led Sherlock outside, where the fresh air seemed to dampen the effect of the drug to a small degree. He stumbled slightly as he removed himself from the stranger’s side.
Now, though, they were starting to get a bit antsy, needing to get out of the flat. Since their relationship had started two weeks earlier, they’d essentially sequestered themselves away in order to discover the things about one another that they’d been prevented from knowing for so long. Still, after two weeks inside, cabin fever began to set in, and they both jumped at the opportunity to be around other people, to be out of their flat, and to maybe get a little bit tipsy.
“Right,” Lestrade said. “What are you doing here, Dr. Watson? This isn’t an arson.”
Below both post-scripts was a hastily written email address.
John nodded. “Boyfriends go on dates,” he confirmed.
[1:12AM] You weren’t my long-term partner at the time. We’d only just started dating when I joined up. JW
Sherlock looked a bit unsettled, and John wondered if they had picked up on his momentary doubt. “I can,” they said. They cast a cursory glance over John. “You had a psychosomatic limp that was cured when you met me. The limp and that wound to your shoulder are likely the result of your time overseas at war. I’d guess Afghanistan, but it’s difficult to say without more extensive knowledge of the wars your people have going on. You were a soldier over there, yes, but also a doctor. You mentioned as much when we first met, but I hardly knew how to understand you then. Your nightmares must come from that time as well. They went away when you met me. You like me because I’m the most interesting thing in your life, and you need a bit of intrigue in order to feel functional. You heard about this job through your brother who you generally don’t talk to anymore because of his substance abuse problem. You’re working out here because it’s more adventurous than a typical life in London. Your therapist likely suggested it—and, yes, with a psychosomatic limp, you
Sherlock merely blinked.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Ahh okay, so I made the epilogue for this!  It's in part in answer to this prompt I received from someone on tumblr at some point whose url I lost along the line when recreating my blog: "just discovered your stories on a03 and they are brilliant. i have a request for a new one if you have time, john and sherlock are in at a crime scene and john makes a really good deduction and sherlock snogs him and thats how the yarders find out they are together."
[25 August, 5:14PM] Had you been working another job before you came over? SH
Sorry it's taken me an age to update this!  I've been super busy again, and I sort of haven't been able to organically write the next scene I had planned out for this fic, so I'm kinda stuck!  I was going to add a bit of angst here, but re-reading the stuff I've written so far, the angst I had planned doesn't really fit!  Oh well, I'll figure something else out.
“I’ll come to you if I ever need anyone to help me with chemistry, then,” John said.
When John opened the door, his eyes flicked to the coffee table and mess of papers strewn about. He already looked slightly amused, like he was ready to tease Sherlock about the state of his flat. “I see we’re going to make this a weekly thi—” All amusement drained out of John’s face and tone when he caught sight of Sherlock’s cheek. John stepped forward, only concern evident in his expression now. “What happened?” he asked, one hand coming up automatically, like he was going to try to touch Sherlock’s face again in spite of the distance between them. He dropped his hand after a moment. “Who hurt you?”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock started to wonder whether or not it was possible to actually spontaneously combust. He supposed he was lucky that there was a firefighter standing so close to him. A little too close. Sherlock was starting to get ridiculous ideas about reaching out and touching John, and that was just not on. He was meant to be married to his work, after all.  Besides that, John was just joking, surely.  He couldn't have actually meant it.
Sherlock ducked his head, trying to hide his ridiculous grin and his burning cheeks.  He
There was the sudden sound of the exterior door opening, followed by slow trudging up the steps. The footfalls were too heavy to be Mrs. Hudson’s, and there was an added
[3:52AM] I was shot in the shoulder, Sherlock. I didn’t get memory loss or anything. I don’t suddenly want to stop being boyfriends. JW
John wondered if that meant that Sherlock was just going to pick up and leave, if they were going to give in to this man’s demands. They’d only known one another for about two weeks, but John had gone and gotten attached. He didn’t want them to leave. “How do you plan on taking care of it?” he asked.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
John was still looking at him, still smiling, eyes so warm. Sherlock turned his attention to his drink instead, downing half of it in one go.  He coughed just after he’d swallowed it.  John laughed again and reached up to thump him on the back, his hand lingering even after Sherlock’s coughing had stopped.
They got older, but they never drifted apart.
I meant to ask, what was so important that
Sherlock cleared their throat. “So, just to clarify, you don’t want me to go back to my home planet?” they asked.
John immediately pulled his hand back when Sherlock reacted so violently to his touch. “What are you doing?” he asked.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
John smirked at him. “Sherlock, love, I can assure you that there’s always a small part of my brain that’s thinking about having sex with you.”
John smirked. “That doesn’t change the fact that every Earth child knows something you don’t.”
“Is that what you came here to do?” John wondered if Sherlock intended to keep up his imitation of human skin tone for the rest of their life.
Sherlock took John’s face in his hand and pressed a firm kiss to his lips. “If you aren’t thinking about having sex with me, then you’re thinking about the wrong thing,” he said, and John just adored how he seemed to be growing more comfortable in their arrangement, how he was confident enough now to say things like that, how even after seeming so vulnerable mere moments before he was opening himself up to John.
“Can you eat this?” Sherlock asked again, and John knew that they meant,
“I could break back in very easily, John,” Sherlock reminded him. “There are no windows here, only screens. It would be a matter of seconds.” They still looked slightly discomfited, though, and John wondered if they’d really believed his fake threat. He wanted to reassure them, but he figured that someone lacking most emotions wouldn’t need to be reassured, so he kept quiet about it.
John looked at him for a moment, trying to see if this was some sort of joke. Sherlock looked so serious, though, eyes wide and earnest, that John knew it was real. He let out a relieved laugh. “Boyfriends,” he agreed.
John waited patiently as Sherlock conducted a thorough examination of the bees, studying them with an intensity that was often reserved for more macabre puzzles. John was surprised that Sherlock hadn’t pulled a notebook out of their suit jacket to take notes, but he supposed that Sherlock’s mind probably served as a notebook in itself.
John couldn’t help but laugh again. Sherlock
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
attention, didn’t it?  Perhaps John was merely waiting to have that particular conversation in person. Before he could overthink things (more than he already had), he pulled out his mobile and sent a quick text off to John. His stomach was in knots as he waited for the reply, though he wasn’t sure if that was caused by his anxiety or by the leftover alcohol in his system.  Sherlock reminded himself that John was at work and was likely having difficulty finding time to write a response, but he was still growing jumpier with every minute that passed.
[10:18AM] That’s what this is. Just another rough patch in our relationship. Right, John? SH
“Hey,” John said, shifting closer to him. “Come on, Sherlock. Don’t start sulking.”
God, they were gorgeous. Their cock was smaller and slenderer than John’s was but otherwise looked very similar. Their lower half appeared to be almost entirely devoid of hair beyond some light fuzz, and the lack of pubic hair made Sherlock’s erection even more prominent.
Rowland’s girlfriend playfully smacked him on the arm. “Cheeky bastard,” she said.
Before he could even register what was happening, he was being hauled into the air and tossed over John’s shoulder. Sherlock squirmed and sputtered at the abrupt action, very much not liking being lifted when he was trying to brood.
, Sherlock supposed that those who worked with him at crime scenes had never seen him express romantic interest like that before.
John was smiling, he could tell, though he could only see the middle of John’s back from this angle. “Not until we get into our room,” he said, and he started walking in that direction.
“You’re forgetting something,” Sherlock muttered, trying to distract from his embarrassment. He plucked at John’s jumper, not really bothering to try getting it off, merely pointing out that it was still on.
This time there was a slightly longer delay, and Sherlock knew that Molly was embarrassed about her reason, whatever it was.
[3 September, 7:57PM] Thank you, John. SH
.  It was a terribly fanciful notion, and he dismissed it immediately, but the lingering hope refused to go away.
There was a slight delay after that. John wondered if he’d somehow offended SH. He wasn’t sure how that would have been possible, though; if anything, he was paying the man a compliment. Surely that wouldn’t be cause to break off contact. After several long minutes of nothing, his phone pinged.
Redbeard was never cruel.  Redbeard was always eagerly awaiting his return home, sitting by the door until he walked through it.  Sherlock would bury his face in the dog’s fur until his tears had all dried up, and Redbeard would let him, would simply sit there with him until he was better.  Redbeard was his best friend.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock didn’t bother responding. He knew that he wouldn’t text Lestrade. He had John there, after all. John was a soldier. John could protect him.
help on an actual
John looked up at him and must have seen the concern on Sherlock’s face. He reached up to rub at Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t need your money, gorgeous,” he said softly. He stayed there for a moment, just running his hand down Sherlock’s back, before he stepped around him. “Until next time,” he said as he passed, and then he was going down the stairs out of the flat.
Sherlock found his voice again. “It was easy to be resentful.”
John furrowed his brow at Sherlock’s expression. “Are you feeling all right? You look a little flushed.” He pressed the back of one hand against Sherlock’s forehead and seemed satisfied that he didn’t have a fever. He seemed to realise, then, that there might be another cause for the pinkness in Sherlock’s cheeks. He smirked and began needlessly wiping soot out of Sherlock’s hair, which did nothing to help him keep his face a normal colour. “When I heard that voice of yours for the first time,” John said, “I knew your body had to be amazing as well, but I have to say, you’ve exceeded my expectations.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“Back on my planet, sex is usually very efficient. Not really for pleasure,” Sherlock said, and they flushed more deeply than before.   Soon, it was going to be difficult to see any pale skin at all.
With great reluctance, he turned around and headed back toward the main house.
“Hold on,” Lestrade cut in, rudely taking Sherlock out of the moment. “How did you gather that?”
“Here you go,” John said, setting one steaming mug in front of Sherlock. He took up his seat again and dumped all of the sugar and cream onto the table between them.
Sherlock—the bastard—actually looked
“You’re still not naked,” he pointed out.
good look on you.”
clothes are folded properly,” he pointed out playfully, “and your nails look pretty clean, too.”
Sherlock took advantage of their new position and pulled John down into a deep kiss. John obliged him (of course he did; John had never once denied Sherlock a kiss) and began steadily doing away with Sherlock’s clothing. John seemed to enjoy having Sherlock entirely naked from the start of their sexual encounters, with his own nudity being secondary. It had been a bit uncomfortable the first few times, as Sherlock had never quite felt so on display for someone else, but he had quickly discovered that John’s gaze was predatory, complimentary, never degrading.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck and pulled him down to deepen the kiss. He was feeling more confident in this whole kissing business by that point, learning from John, mimicking his movements and experimenting with new forms. He hoped that they would continue this arrangement for some time afterward so that he could get as good at kissing as John obviously was.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
As expected, there was no response. Damn, the military really shut SH down. John still couldn’t parse out why that was. Even he knew that it would probably be better not to ask if he had any hope of continuing their conversation, and he really did have a lot of questions now. Besides, he didn’t exactly want to get back to studying, so he figured a change of topic was in order.
John blinked a few times and looked up at him, seemingly unaware that he’d entered into an almost trancelike state. John shook his head, as if in disbelief, and surged forward so that their lips were touching once more. “Such a goddamn treasure,” he murmured into the kiss. “So fucking gorgeous.”
Sherlock flushed green and smiled.
“Have fun on your trip back home,” they said, and—was that his own voice? “I want you to go back where you came from,” the stranger said, and they sounded an awful lot like John himself. “I don’t want you here anymore. You’re annoying me. A show-off. A smart-arse. I never wanted to go to London with you. You shouldn’t have gotten your hopes up.”
“Do you want to come back to my flat?” he asked, and though his face betrayed no shyness, his hands were fidgeting nervously.
And just like that, Sherlock felt infinitely better. His fear about John leaving, his anxiety about not being good enough, his guilt over causing their argument—all of that was so easily explained by the abrupt and unexpected influence that John’s extended absence had over him. John’s anger was likewise explained by the same principle. It wasn’t that they were falling out of love, as Sherlock had privately worried; it was merely that they weren’t suited to such sudden independence from one another.
“I—“ he started as he handed the phone back.  He wasn’t sure what to say, though, so he ended up merely letting the lone syllable hang there between them for a moment. The sight of a freshly showered John Watson was even more intoxicating than he could have ever imagined. John’s sandy hair was sticking up at odd angles, but he managed to make that look ridiculously attractive all the same. His skin was still flushed from the hot water, and he smelled of soap.  Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to talk right then if he’d tried.
That wasn’t possible, he knew. The only phone in the research base was attached to the hallway leading up to the kitchen and had been disconnected for years because the owners had gotten tired of paying to keep it up when the researchers never used it.
Things were different now.
Subject: RE: You never do this
As he sat down, he glanced up to see John Watson looking over at him, awe in his expression.  But, no, that couldn’t have been right.  Sherlock was certain that he’d merely misread the look.  He wondered if John had been able to hear his exchange with Seb’s friends, and he found himself oddly curious as to what he had thought of it.
John grinned. “Not even close,” he affirmed.
A hand settled on his shoulder, and Sherlock jumped upright in bed, his heart pounding as he tried to fight back the urge to vomit enough to fight.
It was that bitterness that led to John distancing himself from Sherlock even more. After a certain point, John stopped inviting Sherlock out with him in general. He ate dinner in the musty “library” and left Sherlock to their own devices. He’d even put a sheet up on the wall that separated his room from Sherlock’s to prevent the alien from trying to check on him in the night.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at that, and John, seeming to sense his smile, looked over at him softly, just for a moment. Sherlock was able to take solace in that brief, shared moment.
You’re not doing a very good job of caring about me from over there.
In which Sherlock breaks the flat again, and John fixes it again.
Sherlock looked up at John, his brow still furrowed. “It was in my mind palace. I had that conversation with you in my mind palace.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said sardonically. “How did you know that I prefer my coffee with seven creams and twelve sugars?”
Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he could see Molly smirking at him, like she had just figured it all out, but he was far too distracted to pay much attention to that at the moment.
Sherlock opened his mouth, shut it again, and then swallowed down the last of his wine. Except that, with his wine gone, he had nothing to occupy himself with as a distraction from John. He could feel his cheeks turning pinker by the second, and he made sure to keep eye contact with John. If he looked confident enough, his blush might appear to be a trick of the lighting. How could he be confident, though, when he was entirely out of his depth?
“Never have I ever used that ridiculous fake-stretching move to get my arm around someone,” Sherlock said, this time prompting John to drink.
[27 August, 9:14AM] Exactly :) JW
There was only one thing John could think of to cause this distance. Sherlock was growing bored of him.
Sherlock turned their face away from him and didn’t reply.
John picked up on his hesitance and approached the bed, resting one knee on its edge as he leaned down to cup Sherlock’s cheek. His expression was softer now than it had been. Encouraging, almost. “You’re the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen,” he murmured.
He gathered his coat and wallet before moving to answer the door, his hand hesitating for only a moment before pulling it open.
And before Sherlock could be grateful for the fact that there would be another time, before Sherlock could ponder what it would entail to ‘lose his mind,’ John’s mouth was on him, lips wrapping tightly around the tip. Sherlock tossed his head back, taken aback by the suddenness of the sensation. It was like nothing else he’d ever experienced. Hot and wet and unbearably erotic. He never could have imagined this, never could have anticipated what it would feel like. He gripped the sheets on either side of him tightly, not sure he could let go if he tried. John’s mouth went further down on his cock, easily able to accommodate his full length. Sherlock thought he might be dying.
want to hear in great detail.
[4:00AM] When will you be able to come home? SH
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
[5:05PM] No, of course not. SH
Sherlock essentially told Lestrade to sod off for the next month, choosing instead to use his free time getting to know John as thoroughly and as intimately as possible. All in all, it was four weeks well spent. John certainly seemed to agree, judging by how often that playful smirk was on his lips.
Sherlock frowned at him. As attractive as John looked right then, he made no sense. “John, there is no other way for me to provide you with the necessary payment for your services aside from giving you money.”
Sherlock woke the next morning with an impending sense of dread. It seemed a fitting enough way to wake after getting drunk for the first time.  He hoped for half a moment that perhaps his drunkenness might have wiped away the memory of the previous night, but he remembered it all. He wasn’t sure whether or not to be pleased about that.  A blackout episode might have offered him some sort of escape from the consequences that undoubtedly awaited him.  But, no, he remembered everything: getting drunk, kissing John, doing…other things with John as well.  He groaned, squeezing his eyes shut as if he could force himself back into unconsciousness.
Subject: RE: You never do this
“You don’t know what I’m offering. I’m willing to provide you with compensation for any information you might have about your new…housemate.”
“Well, no, it doesn’t, but I hardly care about that,” Sherlock said, and John let out a breath he hadn’t even realised he’d been holding in. They were going to stay for at least a little while, then. That was good.
“Wait here,” John told him, squeezing his arm briefly before heading off in one direction.
Sherlock blinked themselves out of their momentary trance and sprung up from the sofa. John couldn’t help how hopeful he felt. Maybe things were all right between them, after all. Except, Sherlock followed that move up with, “No, not today. I’ve got something else I need to take care of.”
John presumably found the loo and managed to fetch them a wet flannel, which he—as promised—used to wipe up the mess Sherlock’s arse had become and the ejaculate drying on his chest. John then carelessly tossed the flannel onto the floor, and Sherlock found that he loved him a bit. Not genuinely, of course, but there was something about John’s casual way of fitting into the flat, into Sherlock’s life, that made it seem as though they’d been living with one another for years. It was intoxicating, and he didn’t want it to end.
He slipped his wrist out of John’s grasp, and, feeling bold, twined their fingers together. John squeezed his hand so tightly that Sherlock didn’t even bother asking if there was anything he needed to grab before they left. It seemed clear that John had no intention of letting go of him long enough to fetch any of his belongings.
“What are you studying?”
For the millionth time, Sherlock checked over the flat. Everything was in order. Everything was where it ought to be.
Subject: RE: You never do this
“Lestrade?” Sherlock mumbled. He was dimly aware of the fact that John’s arm was wrapped around him, which was good, as he wasn’t sure how well he would be able to stand up otherwise. He had thought he’d been hit hard by the drug when he’d first felt it, but now it was infinitely more intense.
.” John’s voice had gone low and dangerous. Sherlock shivered. There was no doubt that John would follow through with his threat.
[10:27AM] I love you. SH
, John. I think your condition is probably much worse than mine.”
John laughed at that. “I’m afraid tea is off the table until I get this thing fixed.” To accentuate his point, he held up the insides of the kettle.
Sherlock tried to affect an understanding smile.  “Trouble at the party?”
are you making me food?” John looked around them at the flat. “Christ, this place is spotless. It’s not supposed to be spotless. Where are all of your experiments? Why is there only
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I was drugged, not shot.”
Sherlock didn’t know what else to say. “What now?” he asked, genuinely not sure on how they were meant to proceed.
“More,” Sherlock said, and John pressed his index finger fully inside. “More,” Sherlock repeated, and John started to stretch him enough to take two fingers. It went on like that, with Sherlock panting, “More,” and John never denying him, until finally three fingers were pumping in and out of him.
When Sherlock showed up at a similar scene three days later, it was Lestrade who greeted him rather than a group of firemen. He pushed away any lingering disappointment.
“Mycroft lives in London,” Sherlock noted, looking down at their prospective itinerary. “He’s an annoying git, and I don’t want him in my business.”
And every day, Sherlock and John awoke in the morning beside their husband and thought,
“Oh, hello,” an older woman from 221A said, smiling pleasantly over at John. “Are you one of Sherlock’s friends?”
And there were his suspicions somewhat confirmed. It was sweet in a way that SH, someone he had never really met, trusted him enough to want to work with him in the future. He was sure he was right in thinking that SH didn’t trust many people, so being one of the obvious few was quite an honour.
Comments/kudos appreciated!
Sherlock merely hummed in reply, neither confirming nor denying that statement. He added two sugars to his mug, and John made note of that so that in the future he wouldn’t need to search through his texts to find Sherlock’s coffee preference. He imagined how impressed Sherlock would be on their second date when John got his coffee order perfect right away, and, wow, he couldn’t believe he was actually imagining a second date when he wasn’t even sure that this was their first. He really was in over his head here. He had never gotten this invested in someone he’d pulled, though he supposed he hadn’t really pulled Sherlock so much as accidentally meeting him and then refusing to let him be.
Sherlock grinned down at the oven where their dessert was being prepared. “I have to admit, I’d be much less pleased with the outcome of the day if I’d been deprived of cobbler at the end of it.” Sherlock hesitated, then frowned. “Actually, I don’t really know what a cobbler takes like, but I’m assuming it’s good.”
Molly definitely knew something was up at that point.  Sherlock rarely deigned to call anything ‘interesting.’ “Greg invited me to go, so I was thinking about it.”  She paused, studying him, before adding, “There’s a party afterward I might go to. You can come along, if you want.”
John seemed to come back into action at that. He shook his head and smiled disbelievingly, which helped Sherlock to relax a bit. He hadn’t driven him off. “Incredible,” John said.
Sherlock shook their head.
“See your man out there?” she asked, nodding toward the players warming up around the pitch.
Comments/kudos always appreciated!
John smiled and leaned a bit closer. “Suppose we’ll just have to stay within sight of one another from now on.”
John chuckled and immediately obeyed. This time, instead of spreading his flattened tongue out across Sherlock’s hole, he pushed the tip of it inside. Sherlock let out a loud, breathless, “
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock rolled their eyes. “My home planet is boring. There are two types of animal species—my own and then what’s used for meat—and only three types of plants.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though his expression wasn’t unkind. “You already know a little bit about me,” he pointed out.
Sherlock cried out, far more subdued than his cries normally were during sex with John (Mrs. Hudson had needed to invest in ear-plugs). “
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Subject: You never do this
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
[2:35AM] You were really worried, weren’t you? JW
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
[3:10PM] I love you. SH
In which John comes over again and gives Sherlock his mobile number.
John fucked him through it, and even after he’d started to whimper from delicious over-stimulation, John pounded into him until his rhythm finally stuttered and he stilled. Sherlock groaned at the feeling of John coming inside of him and was distantly grateful that John hadn’t insisted on using a condom.
In which they finish their date.
When Sherlock started school, Redbeard had cried and whined and pawed at the door for hours after he left.  Sherlock had felt like doing the same thing.  The children in his class were loud and demanding and sometimes very angry. Sometimes they weren’t bad, though, so Sherlock figured that it was all right.
[1:08AM] I thought you knew that my decision to join the army had nothing to do with you. JW
“I have the money,” he argued, wondering if John was sparing him from paying out of some misguided attempt to offer financial help.
Sherlock nearly choked on his coffee.  “I would have tried,” he assured John.  “I just didn’t have time if I wanted to meet you for your break. I can cover them with my hand, if you want.”  He moved to take his hand out from under John’s to do just that, but the man merely pressed down to prevent him from retracting the contact.
I realized I'm going to be kind of busy this weekend, so I thought I'd push my timetable up a bit.  So this chapter is getting posted today instead of tomorrow or Friday, and then the next chapter will be up on Friday for sure.  Also I started to notice that one of the later chapters are a little long in comparison to the rest of the chapters, so I've divided it up into two.  That'll be why the chapter count is now at 10 instead of 9.
[4:40PM] I’m not begging. SH
John’s lips moved away from his own, across his jawline, onto his neck. At first, it was nothing but a bit of kissing, which, while nice, was nothing special. Just wet lips against his skin. And then, oh, John started to nip at his neck.  He drew the skin between his teeth and sucked.  Sherlock gasped again, hands grabbing at John’s shoulders to keep himself steady. The sharp bite was painful in a delicious way.  John would leave a mark if he kept that up.  Now
“Hey, look at that,” Seb Wilkes said as Sherlock entered.
John didn’t even pause to consider. “Not interested.”
Sherlock’s chest felt simultaneously tight and like it was going to explode, and John chuckled and kissed him again. He had no idea how he was going to go back out there and act normal in front of everyone else. John seemed to be thinking the same thing, because he laughed again and said, “God, everyone’s going to take one look at us and think we shagged in here.”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“You’re moping,” Molly told him.  She had asked him to help her study for an upcoming exam, and as he had steadfastly refused to go to the library to do that, the two of them were currently seated on the floor of his room, books and notes spread between them.
After one particularly rough thrust, Sherlock felt his whole body begin to heat up as white-hot arousal steadily bloomed in his abdomen. “I’m—
John’s heart rate kicked up. How had this person known he’d been at a pub? John started to wonder if maybe he was being stalked, and he tried to tell himself that his excitement was just a manifestation of his body’s fight-or-flight response activating, not because this was the first interesting thing to happen to him since he’d decided on joining the army.
Sherlock nodded, unable to find a flaw in that plan. “If his pattern holds, he’ll be picking out a new victim tomorrow night.”
“That would be fine,” Sherlock said at last, nodding once.
[4:51PM] Horny bastard. JW
Sherlock’s smile dropped a bit, though his expression remained open. “I know,” he murmured, tone softer than before.
Lestrade was drawn out into entryway by the shout. “What’s going on here?” he demanded. He frowned over at John. “Captain Watson, right? The firefighter?”
[1:00AM] I wasn’t aware I said it any less. SH
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“I’m a consulting detective,” Sherlock responded proudly. He’d only just recently come up with the title for himself, and he rather liked getting to tell people about it. “Only one in the world. I often take private cases, but sometimes a DI over at Scotland Yard will bring me in on some of his cases.” He cast a look over at John. “
Thanks for reading!  Comments/kudos are always appreciated, and keep an eye out for the third and final chapter on Tuesday!
In which Sherlock and John go on a date.
Yeah, bit of a weird one. You did good on
“Are you
The fact that Sherlock
[2:38AM] Shh, sweetheart, I’m fine. JW
A monkey howled in the tree directly above him, and John briefly glanced up at it, only to whip out his gun when he saw a man apparently trying to climb up to tree to get to the howler. The intruder had painted his skin blue and purple and green and had attached what appeared to be antennae to his head. He also seemed to be naked, though with the way his legs were wrapped around the tree trunk, it was difficult to tell.
[1:36AM] Can’t believe I woke up early for this. JW
[12:59AM] You know, I can count on one hand the number of times you’ve said you love me while I’ve been out here. JW
Not wanting to waste any more time in that uncertain transit, as soon as he walked into his room, he perched himself on the middle of the bed. Instead of joining him immediately, John simply stared at him for a moment before walking up to the bed.
[5:08PM] You don’t need to thank me for being faithful, love. JW
How did you two meet?
Sherlock’s eyes immediately went to John’s usual table as he entered the library that Friday. John was sitting there, as per usual. Sherlock felt a bit warm, and he wondered if the library’s heating system was acting up again.
Thanks for reading!
In which Sherlock goes to a rugby game and experiences something of a sexual awakening.
It was a loud crack, like a tree falling. Except, well, trees normally fell during storms, and there wasn’t even the slightest hint of wind right then. He could hear howlers barking in the distance, likely upset at the disturbance to their mid-morning nap. There was something else beyond that, though, something that sounded almost…metallic. It couldn’t have been. There was no man-made structure out in the forest aside from the house he and the researchers stayed in.
And of all the things Sherlock had expected John would say, that response was not one of them. There was another jolt that went through him, this one similar to the one he felt when investigating a particularly interesting case. John wanted to come with him. He and John would be associating with one another outside of his flat. It wasn’t much, but that seemed like a very good sign indeed. “I could never turn down a medical opinion on a case,” he said, doing his best to seem unaffected by John’s assertion. “Could be dangerous.”
When he leaned back again, Sherlock was startled by the brilliance of John’s grin. The man was positively radiant, even though his cheeks were still tinged with his earlier mortification. He had never seen John look so happy, and it struck him that he had been the one to make John look like that. He couldn’t help but smile in return.
“No charge,” John told him like he’d done the last time, and like the last time, he smirked and gave a wink that left Sherlock’s knees weak.
Nothing. No acknowledgment from Sherlock at all. Not so much as a
In the end, he nearly tripped over her. With his eyes as watery as they were, it was slightly more difficult to see than he’d anticipated. She appeared to be barely conscious, bound and gagged just like the previous victims. He dropped to his knees beside her without a second thought, pulling the gag from her mouth and untying the restraints around her wrists.
“I think you will be,” the creep assured. He then took a deep breath, as if regrouping. “My name is Mycroft. The creature you call Sherlock is my sibling.”
[5:13PM] I’ve got to head out now. I love you, and stay safe. JW
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
John couldn’t even be upset at the insult, merely laughing.
John huffed out soft laugh, even though he felt his stomach swoop at the words.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
“Of course you don’t speak English,” he muttered. “Not sure what else I expected.” And then, because the alien didn’t seem to want to hurt him, he found himself adding, “Follow me, then.”
That first morning after they’d followed John back to the main house, he’d woken to find them standing at the foot of his bed at half past four, just when the howlers were giving their morning calls.
“Your pasta—” Sherlock started, but John interrupted him, saying, “Sod the pasta. I’m not hungry anyway.”
there,” he murmured.
“Hey, gorgeous,” someone said to his left.
[25 August, 5:18PM] No. Why? JW
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John frowned. “No one really knows. I mean, we’ve got tons of plants and animals that we haven’t even discovered yet. Suffice to say, it’s a lot.”
[12:10AM] Damn. Even this far away you’re a genius. JW
John smiled at her. “I don’t think that’ll be necessary,” he said, and Sherlock hummed their approval at John’s statement.
“Don’t bother trying to look for me,” the voice said, as if anticipating his move. “I assure you, I’m nowhere near Costa Rica at the moment.”
John pulled out and settled next to him on the bed. He wrapped one arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulled him closer, as if incapable of remaining separate from him for much longer. “That was incredible,” he said softly, his tone matching that of the preceding love-making.
Mrs. Hudson, of course, didn’t believe him, and Sherlock didn’t blame her.
Sherlock stood from where he had been crouched at the victim’s side. “He was murdered,” he announced. “This wasn’t a death from natural causes. I’d guess that he was ambushed when he came home. His keys were dropped by the door in the ensuing struggle. The killer posed him on the sofa and took his shoes off to make it seem like he’d been relaxing at home.”
John fought back his instinctive disappointment at this increased distance between his erection and Sherlock’s tongue. He took a breath and steeled himself before asking, “What do you normally do during sex?”
Oh, come on.  Will you at least let me know when he comes back next time?  I’d like to see this guy with my own two eyes.
, but that was all Sherlock could conclude without further study.
Subject: RE: You never do this
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
have meant something. He supposed he would just have to wait to see how the rest of the week progressed to determine what exactly it meant.
[2:35AM] I thought you were dead. SH
Sherlock felt a jolt shoot through him, almost like his heart had been shocked by the simple word of praise. He focused on the kitchen table just beyond John’s arm, unable to stare directly into those sparkling eyes any longer. “It was obvious.”
John didn’t seem to be listening to him. Instead, he went into the kitchen to fetch a cold compress, which he passed over to Sherlock once he returned to the sitting room. “There. Keep that pressed to your cheek for fifteen minutes.”
.  God, Sherlock loved that voice.
And then John grinned at him, and Sherlock temporarily forgot what he had been thinking about in the first place.
[4:27PM] I love you. JW
He fought back a wince, as always.  It was so demeaning to hear his deductions referred to like that. He had worked hard to get as proficient as he was, and Wilkes wanted nothing more than to make him a circus freak, an oddity that could perform on command.
Sherlock nodded distractedly in reply and tried to angle his hips to make John’s hand slip a little farther back.
Nearly an hour passed before Sherlock got the urge to speak again. “You were shot in the left shoulder,” he pointed out.
[12:58AM] Christ, this is really hard on you, isn’t it? JW
“Brilliant,” John told them, and he was gratified by the way their cheeks glowed turquoise. “Really, Sherlock, that’s incredible. If you wanted to stay out in London permanently, I think you could really make a name for yourself as a private detective or something.”
John glanced over him and, though Sherlock was slender, he didn’t seem unhealthily so. “Well, that’s what I’m here for,” he said with a smile. “Boyfriends feed one another up and all that.”
John tugged on his hand and led him out the door. “For now, let’s just focus on getting through one more round of this, and then we’ll go home so I can shag you in our bed.”
“Are all human penises this big?” they asked. One of their hands reached out to delicately skim along John’s length.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Molly looked unapologetic.  “You hate going to sports games, and you
“Not interested.”
After what felt like years of John being stuck in hospital in another country, he was finally fit enough to come home, and Sherlock wasn’t entirely certain what was going to happen when John returned. They had argued over text shortly before John was shot, and then after that, Sherlock had been told that John was dead, only to be informed by John himself that that was not the case. John had said that they were still boyfriends, but Sherlock wasn’t sure if that would stick. Now that John was no longer reliant on painkillers to keep him comfortably conscious, his thoughts might be slightly different on the matter. Sherlock could only do whatever he could to make him seem like a more desirable boyfriend now than he’d been in the past.
A high-pitched giggle broke through the radio static. Sherlock stared, in shock, as the noise filled the air. The men around him seemed to be equally as stunned, though whether that was from the deduction or the reaction was unclear.
The library, Sherlock decided, wasn’t a bad place after all.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his confidence in his deductions overriding his horrible social skills. “You’re currently standing at ease.”
Sherlock swallowed thickly and turned around to find out who John Watson had been talking to.  He expected to see the rugby captain standing a little ways off with one of his mates, but instead, John appeared to be alone.  He was wearing a maroon jumper and jeans.  There was smudged writing on his right hand.  His hair looked wind-blown and gorgeous.  And then, even more shocking that John being there in the first place, he actually started to approach where Sherlock was standing.  He furrowed his brow and glanced over his shoulder, trying to inconspicuously check to see if there was anyone behind him.  There wasn’t, which meant—
He felt foolish for reading into this so much. He might have been totally gone on Sherlock, but that certainly didn’t mean that Sherlock wanted the same thing. Hell, Sherlock might not have wanted him to stay the night, and now he had messed everything up, and he was just going to move out of the country, and—
If you have an idea for a fic and want to suggest it to me, or if you just want to check me out some more, you can hit me up at
Sherlock ground against John, that mouth back on his neck, biting and sucking and marking him.
, he thought again as he flicked on the light in his rather drab sitting room.
John sighed and came to stand behind him, placing one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Donovan was trying to get a rise out of you,” he said. “I’m sorry she’s being so horrid. We can leave, if you want.”
[4:45AM] John? SH
Sherlock nodded, resting their head back down on John’s shoulder. “Perfect,” they said. “The address is 221B Baker Street. I’m sure you’ll love it. I think we both will.”
Sherlock found that he rather liked seeing John this flustered. Thus far, Sherlock had been the flustered one of the two of them, and it was reassuring to see that John was just as neurotic as he was at times. He reached out and grabbed John’s hands, worried that John’s stress would cause him to leave the room. “I was probably sleep-talking,” he confirmed. He hadn’t known that he was prone to that, as no one had ever really seen him sleep before, but given that he didn’t remember this exchange ever happening, sleep-talking seemed to be the most viable possibility, as John would have waited long enough after the drug’s effects to even ask for consent for forehead kisses.
A few weeks later, Sherlock heard his classmates talking about Victor’s new girlfriend.  Her name was Cynthia, and she was blonde and pretty and giggled quite a bit.
your drawing.”
John raised his eyebrows at the message. For some reason, he couldn’t help but read it as being slightly stilted and awkward, especially given the pause that had just occurred. It wasn’t an easy, effortless sort of flirting, apparently, and John found he liked it this way a bit better. Now he knew that SH had taken the time to mull over an appropriate response, and he couldn’t help but smiling like a lovesick fool down at his phone.
Sherlock frowned. Surely that was obvious. “Making you food.”
Sherlock barely refrained from letting out a contented sigh. He grabbed the wrench out of John’s bag of tools, which was currently in his lap, and passed over the requested object.
Sherlock didn’t bother glancing up from the radio they were dissecting on the floor. “The closest approximation in your language would be ‘Holmes,’” they said.
John gave a disbelieving laugh. “
(See the end of the chapter for
At the present moment, I’m clean.
They made friends, and they made enemies, and John punched the enemies who were rude to Sherlock, partially to prove that he was indeed willing to actually punch people for his boyfriend.
Sensing that perhaps they would want to climb up to get to the howlers again, John added, “And don’t even think about climbing up another tree. I’m not going to get you down. I’ll just let the monkeys have you.”
John smiled down at his phone. Deduction. He was pretty sure that meant it was just an educated guess, but he didn’t press the issue. Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he could see Stamford glancing over at him, but he didn’t bother to look up, figuring that Stamford probably thought he was just texting a new romantic interest. John tried not to think about the validity of that assumption.
[10:23AM] I shouldn’t have argued with you. I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. You never did anything wrong. SH
Lestrade entered the room and frowned upon catching a glimpse of the repairman, clearly having expected for Sherlock to be alone. Sherlock cleared his throat, getting the DI’s attention once more, and Lestrade turned away from John, seemingly determined to ignore him for the time being. “Got a case for you,” he said. He passed over a copy of the file, which Sherlock flicked briefly through. “It’s those murders you called in a tip about earlier this month.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John pulled back and smirked down at him, clearly enjoying Sherlock’s petulance. John kissed his lips once more before moving down his torso, pausing briefly to tease Sherlock’s nipples with his tongue. Sherlock let out a number of breathless noises that might have been embarrassing if he’d cared enough to be embarrassed at that moment.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
John didn’t appear to care that he had been overheard. “God, and the way you looked—damn. You’re amazing.”
He flashed an apologetic smile over at the girl he had been talking to. “Sorry,” he said, “but it looks like I’m going to have to get him home.”
Comments/kudos appreciated!
John rolled his eyes. “I’ve been resting for a week.”
John shifted closer and lifted his free arm up to rest on the back of the sofa. Sherlock felt his stomach flip. It was almost like John was making a move on him, but he knew it was foolish to truly believe that without further proof.
a choreographed dance. The smirk returned.
Mouths pressed together hungrily, greedily. He didn't worry about hurting this creature, it was as tough or perhaps even tougher than him. He sank his teeth into a plush lip and was rewarded with a moan, the break of skin smearing a bit of black blood over their mouths and chins. Sherlock returned the favor a moment later, as John's fingers dug into soft hips.
The Incubus stepped forward, swaying his hips lazily, "I've heard rumors of a Witcher's stamina. And I can
At least he knew it wasn't the last time he would see the Incubus.
John took a breath and held it, feeling the tavern return to life around him. With it was unease and distrust from the people he'd just helped. He sighed out his held breath, grabbed the stool that Sherlock had been using for a footrest, and sat down.
John finally pulled back, returning to himself and blinking as the world settled into proper place around him. He could smell the smoke from a hearth in the air now, and his ears picked up the non-magicked sounds of the village just ahead.
like a soldier."
The Witcher just snarled and jerked, stabbing only for the bastard to moved with John as perfectly as if this
His eyes snapped open, back stiffened in Harriet's saddle. Whether it was monster or sorcerer, a Spellsong promised trouble for a small village like Heatherton. He reached back and ran a gloved finger over his beloved bow, Sig, reminding himself that she was there, and checked down by his leg where his quiver hung from the saddle.
The Incubus hummed softly, "Well, Witcher… You're a decent man. An ex-soldier from the north, an archer. Your father was a tradesman and your mother-"
"And now," the creature hummed, long and low, "It's time for dessert."
Slowly the glamour started to return, the extra bits pulling in and the reddened eyes misting back to gray. He stood as he did before, the burned skin either healed or hidden, chin tipped up in a regal display in spite of (or perhaps in part from) the nudity he wore so easily.
More villagers were starting to come to their senses. John felt antsy with that. Golden eyes jumped from face to face as people started to catch on that something was wrong. "Best get to it quick now."
someone without worry, without stress. Let loose and
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, another moan ripped from him before John was setting a truly punishing pace. Hard, rough, animal in nature. John might have desired to feel human, but he wasn't anymore. Not quite. At his core he was a Witcher, he was a monster, almost as monster as this creature beneath him.
He could feel Sherlock grinding against him, something warm and wet rubbing against his shaft, making him dizzy with sudden (or perhaps not so sudden) need. He wasn't worried about opening Sherlock, he wasn't human right? Didn't need it.
That snapped something deep in John's brain. His fingers yanked out, Sherlock whimpered at the loss, and suddenly John was flipping them over. He shoved the Incubus into the dirt and grass, grabbed his own prick and shoved in with such force that their skin slapped together noisily.
His eyes darted around, seeking, searching, finally finding the source of the music.
The Incubus lifted his chin and pulled the instrument away, twisting it elegantly to rest on the bartop beside him. His eyes never left John's, and his smirk grew to a full, mischievous smile. When he spoke, his voice was far deeper than John had expected, full and rich and sinful, "Can I help you, Witcher?"
Harriet was irritable, and John couldn't blame her. She was tired and tacky with sweat and mud, and John owed her a bit of attention for all her work.
"A five course meal," the Incubus smirked.
"I don't kill intelligent monsters without good reason," he snarled down at the sharp features beneath him.
Sherlock just scoffed, "Why else would I be here? Last night you interrupted my dinner. Now you're going to repay me."
He ripped his mouth away and moved down, sank his teeth into Sherlock's alabaster neck and snarled. His hands moved, grabbed the back of the creature's knees and hauled them up into the crooks of his elbows so that he could double him over and really work.
John was taken a little off-guard by the perception that this creature showed. "That…" he sighed and couldn't help the odd bloom of admiration in his chest, "Was bloody brilliant."
"I'm gonna need you to stop that, demon," John spoke plainly, "Your spells don't work on me."
"And my father?" John hissed.
"Bollocks to that. There's no way you could know-"
" he heard someone ask.
Stripping down was inviting Sherlock's wrath. Naked, defenseless (at least by appearance), and seemingly with his guard down. If the Incubus was going to make itself known, now would be the time…
laugh. Sherlock grinned against his mouth and straddled his hips.
"No." Sherlock leaned forward and purred, "You, my dear Witcher,
"Wrong, that one. I like a bit more padding on the chest," he smirked, smug, knowing he was only able to hold his composure because of the river water being cold enough to make his feet start to go numb.
Power welled up in his chest and his iron grip released at the same time he pushed his other hand forward. A pulse of magic energy burst outward, flinging water and Incubus back to the bank. John's follow-through was fast, lunging after the creature and upon him before the water stopped falling.
The trail from Crow's Perch to Heatherton was quiet. John had little intention of visiting the small village, but the road was easier on Harriet's hooves and he'd pushed her hard the day before. He could let her stay on the road for a little longer before he set up camp for the night.
Sherlock just huffed, "And I don't kill humans without good reason. So we are, perhaps, at an impasse."
Sherlock took it all with achingly sweet sounds. Pleasure, a bit of pain, enthusiasm, and the ability to keep up where any other woman, where and other
John cocked a brow, "Yeah about that. I thought your lot fed off of sexual energy. These folks still have all their clothes on, thank the Gods for that mercy."
And if I go without eating for overlong, then I have to feed more substantially. Then I really could hurt someone."
John shook his head to clear the double-vision and huffed, "Then why are you here?"
with renewed energy. John didn't feel nearly as fatigued as he thought he would have, but then…
The following morning was quiet and calm. John was thankful that the villagers of Heatherton had let him eat and drink in relative peace, wanting to make sure that the Incubus didn't slither back in as soon as John was gone.
"Bloody hell," John panted, shoulders sagging. Without his dagger and standing on the low ground, he knew when to leave well-enough alone.
His back hit grass and soil, barely registering that Sherlock had pushed them down. A tongue pushed into his mouth and
There was something sad in the creature's eyes, it flashed for a brief second before it was gone. Then he turned, pausing once more, "Sherlock…" he offered, then left on silent feet.
If Sherlock wanted a goddamn meal then John would make him fucking work for it.
"Not a man," John reminded him sternly.
When things came back together, when time stopped blurring and the world made sense again, it was just before dawn. He'd lost an entire day to Sherlock's hunger and lust, and he wasn't even a little bit upset about that.
He proved the rumors of a Witcher's stamina, fucked for long minutes before adjusting their position a bit and setting right back in.
John found himself swallowing down a sudden tightness in his throat. Ccubi weren't naturally violent without reason, they were rarely hunted outright because they were rarely caught. This one was being blatant, he was showing off.
When he came it was as violent and loud as the rest of their activities. He snarled and buried himself, spilling and biting down on Sherlock's neck yet again, leaving more indents, getting a little more blood.
The pull faded and Sherlock practically
the energy rolling off of you. You've more than enough to spare."
He swallowed hard at the reality of what this creature was saying. Being a Witcher made him resistant to a lot of magics, but this wasn't magic, was it? This was something else. This was…this was…
Yes. This was something he'd never gotten before. The ability to
People milled about, it seemed like everyone in town was crowded in like pigs in a slaughterhouse. John's guard immediately went up as he searched the blank faces of the villagers. They sat at their tables, ate and drank and served as quietly as if they were without mind. Thralls?
John knew that this man couldn't be human. No mortal was that beautiful. The only other time he'd come across one like this was when he was still in training. A Succubus - except not this one. No. Same vein of monster, only slightly different.
He set daggers to his belt as he finally approached the door, took a breath and pushed it open to step inside.
They were spinning, rolling again, and his back was in the dirt once more. Sherlock was overtop him, still gripping John's cock with his body. John hadn't softened. He could easily go two or three rounds with needing only moments between. He might not produce as much seed, but his body didn't seem to know the difference.
A lone man sat on the wooden bartop, feet placed on the stool in front of him. He was long-limbed and elegant, a sight of pure beauty with porcelain skin and lazy dark curls pulled away from his face. Resting between shoulder and chin, held out and gripped with dexterous fingers, was a blackwood violin with music coaxed out from a sleek black bow that danced expertly over the chords.
"I kill monsters, I don't feed them," he added, "And once again, you don't really have the parts I-"
at him. Sherlock had gone still, his sweet body pulsing around John, milking him like any woman's orgasm, just with ten times the force. But this pull wasn't on his dick, it was something deeper. Like every muscle in his body was exerting.
Gods above, he'd almost killed Sherlock and missed this.
John snorted cruelly down at the Incubus, "You followed a bloody Witcher and tried to attack him while he was defenseless. You spout a lot of smart words but you're obviously not that intelligent."
"They uh…" he cleared his throat again, feeling the flesh shifting beneath his hands, filling them. His brows shot up, "They taught us that Ccubi aren't overly dangerous. Mostly just pests that need to be shoo'd away now and then. Good with uh, with fire magic."
Sherlock hummed and pressed forward, leaned down and rested his forehead to John's. The scent of the creature suddenly filled the Witcher's lungs, heady and thick and altogether pleasant in so many ways. John got similar scents from brothels, but this was thankfully lacking the sour ale and stench of desperate sadness. It was making him a little dizzy.
Another soft sound, something like a chuckle, "You feel it now, don't you. You understand the truth of my words."
Sherlock was naked in the river with him, taller than John so that the water swirled just at the top of the V of his hips. John's gaze flicked over the creature, assessing him in his entirety. "Seduction won't work either. Not really into blokes I'm afraid."
John just scoffed. Sherlock was a bit of a prick, wasn't he? He wondered if that was a Ccubi thing or just a
Sweet Mother that was good.
womanly folds. They were wet and warm and slick. Curious, he sank two fingers inside and relished at the deep, throaty moan that worked from Sherlock's throat through into John's chest.
"What your kind consider Succubus and Incubus… We're all the same. Our bodies are malleable, we can have whatever our suitor desires." He lowered his hands, but John's stayed. He swallowed and flexed them around soft breasts beneath. Pleasant, just the size he liked. "I can't see into your mind, but I
There was a spark of something, a feral sort of look seen in the eyes of cornered beasts and men. A will to live, someone pushed a step too far.
how Sherlock wanted him.
Still, he dutifully pulled himself up to sit and groaned. Harriet gave him a judgmental look and he ignored it pointedly.
John scoffed. "You've turned them into zombies to feed on them."
At least, not until his muscles screamed and his head pounded like Harriet had kicked it.
"And this is…?" he gestured towards the villagers, some of whom were slowly starting to waver and blink now that the Spellsong's influence was fading.
He'd skinned and cooked his hare at some point, given only just enough time to eat before he was being put right back to work.
for someone to make you feel human again." He tipped his head and John's lips parted slightly as Sherlock's came so close he could just tip his chin - just like that.
"Now that's hardly any way to greet a friendly face," Sherlock chided lightly.
The Incubus pouted, "But I'm
Sherlock was feeding.
John reached down to smooth his hand over Harriet's neck, gloved hands sliding over sweaty hair. Hopefully there was a lake nearby where he could wash the beast down.
He could hear the song now, muffled only by the wooden walls of what had to be the tavern. The largest building, and one of the few with signs of life inside.
"You think I'm just gonna…what…treat you to a meal? Me?" He laughed, the idea so ridiculous in his mind.
When was the last time he'd laughed during sex?
"Would you ask a man not to eat bread he has earned just because he is not a baker?" the creature pondered, head cocked to the side as he sought answer to his query.
"Not particularly. Last warning, demon," John braced himself.
He could feel it. Beyond the pulsing pleasure of his balls emptying, something
see your desires. I see what you
"So sex would be…?"
"It's not?" John asked, his eyes flicking down to the set of beautiful lips curling upwards in a smirk.
Sherlock's smirk was salacious, his gaze sharper than any knife or arrowhead in John's arsenal. He swallowed and took a hesitant step back but didn't make it far. "My dear Witcher… I thought they taught you about monsters where you came from?" His hands came out, long alabaster fingers wrapping around John's wrists to gently lift his hands.
but I'm far from evil… I have no desire to hurt you, John. I'm sure you of all people know how it feels to be treated without basic human decency."
The creature hummed, and for a moment John wondered if he wouldn't honor his deal. He turned his gaze to the door and sighed softly, shaking his head, then shrugged. "Very well. Cruel, forcing a man to starve."
As they walked, John closed his eyes again and listened. The tune returned, gaining energy as he drew closer. At first the sounds were more vibration than music, but slowly that changed. Swells and dips started to focus and form in his mind, resembling the soft whine of horse-hair over chord. An instrument, something sensual and sharp.
Sherlock looked dazed, then stilled as the silver of John's knife pressed to his throat, hissing softly, burning the flesh. The Incubus finally flinched, finally showed a brief flicker of fear. Good. Let this monster know what it was to piss off a Witcher.
Their kiss broke, just barely enough, "Anything you desire."
Sherlock pouted, those beautiful features twisting in something like upset. "I could be, you know. I might be what you consider a
He shifted and dug his heels lightly into the beast's sides, urging her on at a quickened pace. She nickered and complained quietly, but obeyed. She knew her rider wouldn't urge her without good reason.
for a while.
John scowled as he carefully trudged to the bank, waiting to see if the action sparked added violence. It didn't, and he took a few steadying breaths before he squared his shoulders and reached up to push his hair fully back from his face. He wasn't stupid enough to ask 'With what' because he knew what the creature wanted.
"That's not my problem. I'm letting you leave with your life, so count your blessing."
There, on the bank of the river, stood the Incubus in unglamored form… Long hands and feet tipped in black claws, a pair of dark, jagged horns raising from the tops of his brows, eyes blazing golden-red, a long white tail tipped in fire, and not one, but two sets of leathery wings folded behind him. This was what the demons his behind their beauty…except…
was a meal," he purred as he leaned down, crushed their lips together again and rolled his hips.
John reacted, fast and merciless, swinging back with his arm and twisting around to give a follow through with his other fist. Both attacks caught only air as Sherlock ducked the first and backstepped the second, a grin wide on his lips as silver-gray eyes danced with delight.
Heatherton was a small village, a handful of houses and roads that were only designated by the wheelbarrow and horse tracks sank into the mud and muck. It wouldn't surprise John if some sorcerer or creature was trying something corrupt in such a backwoods place.
"Yeah and that there. You could stop that too, feeding off these poor folks. It's a bit not-good." John dropped his chin to his chest and let out a sigh.
Long, sonorous notes ebbing and flowing like a tide through the air, John could feel it against his mind. Even as resistant to magic as he was, the music itself was good and appealing. He shook it off with a huff and finally finished his scouting of the perimeter, circling around to Harriet to grab his daggers and attach Sig to the saddle. She would be useless in such close quarters, and with so many innocents so close together.
Sherlock smiled down at his phone, thumbs hovering over the keys. He could very well write something mundane and nonessential in reply.  However, that ran the risk of making him look desperate to continue the conversation (which he was, but John didn’t need to know that).  Instead, then, Sherlock locked his phone screen and tossed it onto his desk.  This way, he ideally wouldn’t seem too desperate.  Or perhaps he would just come off as cold and uncaring.  He bit his lip, staring over at his mobile.  Why was this so difficult?  He texted Molly all the time, and he had never put so much effort into a simple conversation before.
“I definitely like you better without the oxygen mask on,” John said with a pleasant smile as he reached the ambulance. Sherlock wasn’t sure how to respond to that, and any hopes of coming up with the right words were eliminated as John reached out to stroke his fingers against Sherlock’s cheek. “I think I’d like you even better without all this ash.” John lifted his hand to show that his fingertips had come away from Sherlock’s skin covered in a thin layer of grey dust.
You’re surprisingly confident in your ability to sexually pleasure me for a man who hasn’t actually gotten my feedback on last night.
John’s mates had finally spotted him after that little scene, and they grinned, oblivious, as they approached him.
There was a sigh from behind him. “You don’t have to walk on eggshells around me,” John said.
“And he asked you to dinner, didn’t he?  Did he say he would pick you up?”
John had rolled his eyes. “And be left without any income at all for weeks on end?” he’d countered. “I know you don’t charge for cases, either. Not very feasible if I want to be able to make sure I have enough money for food and rent.”
“Exactly.”
[1:33AM] I know how hard it is to have a partner risking his life all the time. You’re over there chasing serial killers 24/7. JW
Sherlock might have kissed John right then for that insight had he not been so preoccupied by the uncomfortable knowledge that John would likely read tales of his own past usage on his arms at some point. He mentally scolded himself for even bothering to imagine a scenario in which John would see his torso partially unclothed and did his best to shut off all similar avenues of thought. He needed to get it together.
He didn’t beg John to go faster as he had before. Instead, he wrapped his arms around John’s neck and pulled him down into another kiss, this one gentler than the last. He ached with the sweetness of it.
John kissed him, pressing their lips together in a way that was so sweet it made Sherlock ache. When they pulled apart, John kept their hands linked together. “Let’s get back out there, yeah? And this time, if anyone tries to pull something to upset you, I’ll punch them.”
[4:30PM] I have no idea what any of these words mean, but I suppose I can make time in my schedule for your return. SH
Sherlock huffed out a little laugh as well. “Do I not look like I’m bursting with pride right now?” he quipped.
In which something is wrong with John, and Sherlock gets some tragic news.
John smiled. “Of course. That’s really remarkable. How did you do that?”
. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
The man was on the ground, looking to be in a similar state as his phone, and standing above him was John Watson with fire in his eyes and fists clenched at his sides.
when he met the love of his life, if such a thing existed, but there was no harm in making an idiotic dating mistake at his young age.) Still holding Stamford upright with one arm, John used his free hand to search around his pockets for his phone. Once he found it, he pulled it out and passed it over to the girl. “Here,” he said with a stilted smile. “Put your number in, and I’ll text you in the morning.”
John realised then that he hadn’t actually tried to pull anyone in about a month. He simply hadn’t felt the need. None of the people he talked to were really very interesting, and only talking to SH seemed to really keep him invested in conversations at all. He was surprised to find that he wasn’t upset by his lack of dates, though it had put more pressure on his hand lately.
He cleaned the entire flat. He even made up the bed in the upstairs bedroom in case John wanted him to sleep up there. There were no experiments in sight. (John always complained about his experiments.) The fridge was stocked with food. (John hated doing the shopping but also needed food.) The clutter had all been removed. (John grumbled when he tripped over Sherlock’s things.) In short, everything was perfect for John’s arrival.
“Because we’re
“I do sleep,” Sherlock said, scooting a little bit further onto the bed, as if John talking to them was somehow an invitation to stay longer.
Sherlock instantly walked forward to close the gap between them. “No, I want this,” he said, determined. “Promise.”
Sherlock obediently lay down on their stomach, allowing John to push a pillow up under their hips. Their skin was steadily losing any pale colouring as they tried to anticipate what John was about to do.
And this was it. Time to say how serious this was to him. Time to tell Sherlock precisely what he wanted. He was nervous, admittedly, but there was nothing for it.
[6:19AM] You are the worst man I’ve ever met. SH
“Hey, Sherlock,” Lestrade called to him with a smile as they passed one another, Lestrade walking toward the stands Sherlock had just vacated.
It was then that John heard something that he’d never heard before at El Panadero.
“Wow, that’s so interesting,” he told her with feigned enthusiasm after a story that was very much not interesting in the slightest. “I didn’t know there were so many different types of birds you could keep as pets.” He imagined trying to have sex with non-stop chirping going on in the background. It wasn’t an ideal situation, but he would make it work if necessary.
It suddenly struck John that he wasn’t looking at a man at all. The colouring in this creature’s skin pulsed continuously in a way that no paint could mimic. Likewise, the antennae twitched around in every direction in very organic movements. And then there was the fact that, yes, this creature was indeed naked, only there was a distinct lack of primary or secondary sex characteristics. Their body was smooth and hairless, save for their eyebrows and what was on their head. Their eyes were wide and grey. They were, above all, clearly not human.
“He hates the name Joey,” Sherlock told Mummy knowingly. “He wants his name to be Redbeard instead so he can be a pirate like me.”
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively through the air. They weren’t quite looking at John anymore, appearing instead to be retreating into their own mind. “Think nothing of it.”
Sarah—the pretty female researcher—was chatting with John about what she was going to do when she returned to London when their group was stopped by the sound of two hoots in quick succession.
(See the end of the chapter for
John kept these concerns to himself. The last thing he wanted to do was scare away Sherlock even more quickly by expressing this much emotion to them. That was fine, though. John reminded himself that he hardly
Sherlock couldn’t think of a response aside from a slightly stiff, “So were you.”
John nodded slowly, still staring out the window, though Sherlock had long since disappeared from view.
When Sherlock failed to reply, John merely continued talking. “Do you mind if I sit here? There’s someone at my usual table.”
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Subject: RE: You never do this
to do this.”
He ignored them after a certain point, though, because he had more pressing matters to attend to. Namely, planning his and Sherlock’s trip to London. For a little over a year, John hadn’t enjoyed the thought of going back to London at all, but, now, he found that he was eager to return. He’d always loved the city, and with Sherlock, he had no doubt that his life would be beyond interesting. There would certainly be none of the tedium of normal civilian life. Sherlock would make sure of that.
“Your books are in poor condition, so they’re likely the cheapest used versions you can get.  You clearly don’t spend money on buying new clothes, as everything in your wardrobe appears to be a few years old.  Money is tight, then.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock took in this information and glanced around as they approached the decimated front of the building. “Last time, they wouldn’t let me within twenty yards of the scene. What’s changed?”
John stared back at them incredulously. “No, of course I didn’t take it.”
John felt warm all over. Sherlock was
John had texted SH the day after the rugby dinner, though he had been very careful not to mention the way in which their previous conversation had ended. In fact, he thought it best to steer clear of any of the topics they had discussed in that conversation altogether, just in case. He still wasn’t entirely sure what about the army had caused SH to shut down so drastically, but he wasn’t about to bring it up again and run off the one really interesting thing in his life right then. They continued to talk solidly for fifteen days, during which time John started to feel that he was really getting to know his mysterious conversation partner. For example, John learned that SH hated his brother (and his strained relationship with Harry was then deduced by the hyper-perceptive arse), and that SH took his coffee black with two sugars, and that he did ballet. It wasn’t much, of course, but with how closed off SH seemed to be at any given moment, John felt like he’d really accomplished a great feat even learning that much. Every time his phone buzzed, he made a fool of himself scrambling for it in the hope that it might be SH revealing a bit more of himself before John’s greedy eyes.
. You’re so desperate that you’re ready to burst after just a bit of snogging.”
John let out a relieved sigh.  “Great,” he said.  “That’s really great. Come on, then.”
Sherlock stood there, and John stood there, and they stared at one another for a moment. John’s expression was amused, and Sherlock tried to keep his expression relatively neutral.
John licked his lips—a nervous habit of his—and was silent for a moment. Eventually, he said, “I’m not looking for a one-time thing.” He made direct eye contact with Sherlock with all the bravery of a soldier.
Sherlock was still confused after all of that, probably even more so than he had been before, but he was feeling much better about it, he supposed. John had touched him again, like he had done last time, for longer than he had done last time, and John had called him
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John frowned, confused at the sudden change in subject. “No, but they did say that most of your society is just casual mating to increase fitness. I imagine you two didn’t know your parents well.”
Sherlock looked up to glare at her halfheartedly.  “Keep your voice down.  People will hear you.  And, no, you cannot know which one he is, because I’m not interested in any of them.” That was a total lie; even he didn’t believe it.  While he had tried to convince himself that he was no longer interested in John, he couldn’t help but feel the resurgence of those feelings he’d had for the man every time they spoke.
Sherlock frowned, brow furrowed. They approached the pod and patted its side. “This is my ship,” they said. “I’ve been fixing it up. It’s almost back to full working order.” The closer they got to the pod, the less human their skin tone became, almost like their body remembered where it had been before all of this.
John laughed, remembering Sherlock’s earlier attempts at eating. “Just so you know, teabags and ID badges generally aren’t part of a human diet,” he teased.
Sherlock huffed disagreeably and picked up all the bones they could carry. The front of their shirt was now covered in mud, but they seemed too irate to care. They turned on their heel and walked away back toward the main house.
Subject: RE: You never do this
No conclusions to be drawn presently.
“Hi,” John said by way of greeting, his eyes scanning Sherlock’s form. “Wow, you look great. Really, just—wow.”
Molly gasped.  “You did?” There was a pause, and then, “Did you two have sex?”
Sherlock frowned at John, bills already in his hand ready to be passed over to the repairman.
[7:17AM] You love telling Mycroft that he’s wrong. SH
My love life is none of your concern.
He only wished they didn’t have to wait for it. God, the waiting was going to be unbearable, as would be the sudden lack of romance in his life after a heady week of nothing but.
[4:21PM] Mm, I definitely do. Brag about you all the time to my army mates. JW
[27 August, 9:25AM] I suppose I can live with that. SH
John stayed at the bar, and when there weren’t too many people passing between them, they could still easily see one another. As Sherlock watched from his new vantage point, a young man moved into the space beside John and began chatting with him. Sherlock tightened his grip on the base of his glass, not exactly enjoying seeing John interacting with anyone aside from him, least of all some twink who probably wouldn’t even be capable of handling John in the slightest. This did prove that the only reason they hadn’t been approached when they first arrived was because of their proximity to one another, but there was no reason for John to even entertain any conversation with the idiot beside him. One quick look at the man indicated that he wasn’t the killer.
Shortly before John was set to arrive, Molly dashed off, promising that she would be awake when he got back from the date if he wanted to talk about it. That left Sherlock alone with his thoughts, which was a very dangerous place to be when he was as anxious as he currently was.  Simultaneously thrilled and terrified, he considered faking illness at least three times before there was finally a knock at the door of his room.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow up, a slight smirk on his lips.
[4:36PM] Just finishing up with it. SH
Sherlock spent a ridiculous amount of time getting ready, according to Mrs. Hudson, who had come up to check on him early in the afternoon. Sherlock had already been mentally cycling through outfits for hours by that point, and he happened to think that his dedication to his appearance was perfectly reasonable given that he was going to have to make himself appealing to a murderer. It was for the case, after all.
He briefly considered sending Molly into the library to fetch it for him, but he dismissed the thought as being ridiculous.  He shouldn’t have been scared off of an entire building just because he was embarrassed about what had happened with John. What
Sherlock didn’t go to the library that weekend, despite the irrational urge to do just that. John wouldn’t be there, he reminded himself.  The captain of the rugby team surely had a social life that took up his weekends.
“Fuck,” he heard, and he glanced up to see John kneeling in between his legs, hands grappling at his trousers and pants. He pulled out his own erection, and Sherlock let out another little moan at the sight. John was well above average—thick and hard and long—and Sherlock was overcome with the urge to have that inside of him. John didn’t seem able to wait, though, as he almost immediately took himself in hand. Sherlock licked his lips, eyes stuck on John’s cock, thinking about all of the things he wanted it to do to him. John groaned, and Sherlock looked up to find John watching him. Whatever he saw must have been enough, because a moment later, he grunted and stilled, spilling over Sherlock’s stomach, mixing their come together on Sherlock’s skin.
John didn’t receive a response to that, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t stop smiling. Sherlock had agreed to go out with him properly with the implication of wanting to continue dating in the future. Granted, it was a group date, but this way he would be able to calm any concerns Sherlock had about people seeing the two of them together.
The group split up into two smaller parties out in the forest. With no other way of communicating, they exchanged occasional hoots as they progressed along different trails.
Sherlock’s head snapped up at that, his expression immediately sobering.  He had missed something?  Impossible.  Sherlock didn’t miss things, except maybe when he was competing against Mycroft.  Still, he was fairly certain of every one of his deductions.
[3:38AM] If it’s psychosomatic, I can help with that. SH
[1:14AM] That’s exactly it. SH
Thank you so much to the people who've been leaving comments/kudos!  It means so much to me!  The next chapter will be up on Sunday, probably in the afternoon, so keep an eye out for that.
Sherlock quirked up an eyebrow. “What—eat breakfast?” he asked wryly.
Sherlock knew that this was a test, but he couldn’t exactly back out now. After all, he had told John that he would go to the party.  He fought back a smile at the memory of John inviting him to all of this in the first place. “That might not be unbearable,” he said.
Sherlock stood up abruptly, finished off the rest of his drink, and stormed off to the toilets. He needed a moment to himself. He needed to think. Once in the toilets, he stood braced over a sink, looking at himself in the mirror. He needed to pull himself together, or he was going to end up ruining this entire evening for John.
They got a few looks when they returned to their seats, but they were no longer holding hands at that point, so there was nothing about their outward appearance to indicate that there had been anything romantic between them in the toilets. Donovan, seemingly satisfied with her efforts, proposed another round of Never Have I Ever. People started to look a bit uncomfortable at the suggestion, stealing nervous glances at Sherlock. It was nice to know that they hadn’t all relished in his embarrassment, but now that Sherlock knew the updated rules of his relationship with John, at Donovan’s proposal, he immediately said, “I’m in.”
[10:17AM] Are you there? SH
[4:33PM—UNSENT] You should have never left. SH
Sherlock didn’t reply, but he didn’t let go of John, either. They stayed that way, clinging to one another as if this truly was the end, for the remainder of the night, both seemingly dreading the sunrise.
, John, requesting
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
John gaped at them for a moment longer before shaking his head. “You’re absolutely mad,” he said, but there was enough fondness in his tone that Sherlock didn’t get angry with him.
John, knowing that Sherlock’s curiosity might eventually overcome their unwillingness to disturb the bees, said, “Touching them might scare them, and then they’ll sting you.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock thought. This was how John would bring up what a mistake it had been.  He took a moment to steady himself.  “Yes, I remember what happened,” he said, and because he didn’t want John to be too angry with him, he added, “I apologise for…pressuring you.”
“Killed by a succinylcholine injection, I’d wager.”
It seemed that John had been waiting for permission, because as soon as Sherlock spoke, that finger was pressing more insistently at him. John’s movement on his cock slowed, for which Sherlock was grateful, because he didn’t think he’d be able to handle receiving a vigorous blowjob and the way John’s fingertip slipped into him at the same time. He had used his own fingers before, of course, but it was so different with someone else. John’s digits were thicker and shorter than his own, making the whole thing entirely new.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“I’m so sorry,” John said.
It startled Sherlock just how much he hadn’t been deducing during his post-roofie stupor. He pushed himself up so that he was propped against his headboard. John had only changed once in the last three days. His clothes, though relatively new, bore distinctive signs of the sofa, where John must have slept during his observation of Sherlock. He looked tired, and there were faint worry lines that hadn’t yet smoothed out in between his eyebrows.
[4:29PM] It means we are going to have a Star Wars marathon when I get back. JW
Sherlock frowned.  “How can you guarantee that?”
Sherlock located the book he needed easily enough.  His time spent in the library observing John had at least taught him how the books were organised.  That was one good thing that had come out of that mess, he supposed. On instinct, he nearly walked back toward his usual table, immediately glancing up to where John sat. Except John wasn’t sitting there, obviously, because John didn’t come to the library at twelve o’clock on Thursdays. Instead, Sarah, John’s girlfriend, was sitting in John’s usual seat.  She caught his eye and smiled before pulling out her phone and quickly sending off a text.  Sherlock turned away. He claimed a table in the back corner of the room, hoping to discourage anyone from interrupting him. He just needed a few minutes with this book, and he would be out of there.  Ten minutes, tops.
Sherlock went to the library every day for the next week.  He told himself that it was merely because he hadn’t finished his research for his paper on biochemistry.  It had nothing at all to do with a certain rugby captain that happened to be there every afternoon from two until five.
“Oh, no, don’t go into that line,” they said, steering John away from the cashier’s line he’d been aiming for. “That man is cheating on his wife, and he’d probably overcharge you for something to get more money to carry out his affairs.”
John furrowed his brow and smiled a confused little smile. He reached out and covered Sherlock’s hand with his own, almost unthinkingly.  “You didn’t pressure me,” John told him earnestly.  “Don’t ever think that, okay?”
“Oh, you know,” John said, rubbing at the back of his neck.  “There’s a party going on at my flat, and I got a little tired of it.  I’m only a few blocks away, so I thought I’d come down here to clear my head a bit and to just…get away.”
John smiled at him and stood. “Obvious,” he replied, clearly teasing Sherlock, who had said the word nearly a dozen times when they had first arrived at the scene, resulting in Anderson storming off in a fit of rage. Sherlock found himself fighting a smile. He wasn’t used to people teasing him in such a companionable way.
Some more plotless fluff basically! In the next chapter there'll be a bit of a case so look forward to that!
Sherlock considered it.  He generally did not enjoy taking time out of his day to go to sporting events, let alone sporting events followed by sports teams’ parties.  Still, this would be a rugby game, in which John would get sweaty and would tackle people and would generally look
Molly’s expression was tinged with pity.  Sherlock couldn’t bear it.
. “Well, Sherlock told me all about how you’re a rugby star and that you’re going into the army.” She winked over at Sherlock. “We all know he likes that type.”
, yes,
In which John misses Sherlock.
[4:16PM] I’m currently dissecting the eye of an animal. SH
, he thought as they made their way out into the street and into a cab. He had never been courted before, and it was rather reassuring to know that John thought he was worth the effort. Realistically, John could have merely dragged Sherlock into his bedroom without any protest from the detective, but the attempts at chivalry suggested that perhaps John’s interest in him extended beyond the purely physical.
The reply came ridiculously slowly, considering she usually texted back after only a minute or two.
John frowned down at his phone. He wondered if this was SH’s subtle way of pushing him toward a career doing post-mortems rather than enlisting.
Even still, Sherlock smiled and leaned forward on the table, like this stranger was truly fascinating. “Is that so?”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John smiled softly at him and brought his thumb up to smooth out the crease between Sherlock’s brows. “It certainly seems that way, love.”
John raised his eyebrows. “I can understand the appeal of visiting the Tropics, then.”
Sherlock was smiling wider than John had ever seen them do in the past. “You could tell that she considered throwing that bag of peaches you’d just bought on the ground.”
Sherlock let out a relieved breath and slipped out of the cab, hurrying to unlock the door to the building before John changed his mind.
And that sounded like an excellent plan. Sherlock hadn’t realised how much of his displeasure about John leaving had been merely a result of the lack of John’s moderating influence on him, and he was willing to bet that John’s temper had flared while abroad in part because Sherlock hadn’t been there to keep it in check. “We’re never going to be able to spend more than a week apart,” he pointed out, and while that probably sounded limiting, he was actually rather pleased about it.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Sherlock nearly stumbled in his haste to get out of his chair, his entire body breaking out in sickly chills at the feeling of someone else’s hand on him like that. He managed to make the movement look coordinated enough, he hoped, and he topped it off by leaning close to the man and whispering, “I’ll just get us another round, and we can get this night started.”
Sherlock flushed and smiled, and John grinned right back at him, while Lestrade and Sally looked on with disbelief.  He and John couldn't help but laugh at their expressions as they moved into the other room to get a proper look at the crime scene.  Oddly enough, John helped him with the case, both by pointing out obvious and easily over-looked clues and by providing Sherlock with someone he desperately wanted to impress.  John kissed him briefly when he'd figured it out, and Lestrade appeared to be too glad for the quick solve to care about the public display of affection or about the fact that John and Sherlock walked away from the scene hand-in-hand.
John went back to work and likewise kept quiet. It was almost nice working next to someone without talking, simply existing beside another person while also completing their separate activities.
It was well before five o’clock when John left that evening. Sherlock wondered if he had managed to scare the man off, and he couldn’t help the sinking feeling in his gut at that thought.
When he got to the first split between two paths, he cupped his hands around his mouth and hooted loudly, hoping that whoever was out there would give a response as they had done the day before. He wasn’t disappointed.
John beamed at him.  “Fantastic! I can pick you up at six?”
[6:30AM] If that were true, you’d be saving me. SH
And Sherlock was elated for the remainder of the day.
[25 August, 5:21PM] What’s wrong, love? Worried that I’m not giving you special treatment? JW
John wondered if he should leave, if Sherlock would even want him to stay the night, but he didn’t have it in him to bring it up after such an incredible evening. That would be a problem for the morning, he decided, or for when Sherlock woke up enough to kick him out. For now, he was going to enjoy this moment.
“We’re halfway there,” John tried to reassure comfortingly.
John was surprised at the reaction. “I take it you don’t have many on your planet,” he ventured to guess.
“Yes, of course I did. I thought they should know that there was some bloody stalker out to get them,” John said, taking pleasure in sassing this infuriating man.
Ahh okay so this chapter used to be essentially screenshots of an emailed conversation but I decided I wanted to change the format so that it's still text-based but instead is now represented in the formatting of the text rather than in images!  Sorry for the confusion, and I really wish I'd sorted this out before writing the fic!
They suited up for a trip out into the forest and headed out. They didn’t talk much, but that was fine. The silence between them felt almost companionable again, rather than the tension it had been taking on recently.
A slap on the shoulder sent him stumbling as he got up from his seat. He looked up to see Stamford beaming at him.
He’s a soldier.  We met around six or seven months ago when he was on leave.  He came back to visit last week.
John’s hands were suddenly pulling at his thighs, and he broke away long enough to mutter a gruff, “Up.” Sherlock had barely processed what was being requested of him before John hoisted him up, hands firmly under Sherlock’s arse as the lanky man’s legs came up to wrap around John’s waist. Sherlock moaned, feeling his cock begin to fill out, unreasonably aroused by John’s strength.
John came the very next day, and Sherlock prepared himself once more as much as he could. There wasn’t much that could be done about the bruise on his cheek, which had blossomed into something aggressive and red-purple overnight, but he fixed up his hair and picked an outfit that clung to him as much as any outfit could.
[6:29AM] Fine, fine. Go save the world. SH
John kissed his forehead and moved so that they were as physically close as two people could be sitting side-by-side on a sofa. “And it’ll be my honour to do that.”
“—and so would anyone who worked with him,” Sherlock finished, the pieces falling into place. “They probably slipped something to him on a day he gave blood to cover the injection site.” He grinned at John, his luminous conductor of light, before, on impulse, walking up and kissing him square on the lips. “
SH merely deflected the compliment again:
“I’m sure someone would have noticed if there were a bunch of aliens running around on the planet.”
[2:18AM] John. SH
After that, Sherlock wasn’t quite sure what to say that wouldn’t make him look like even more of an idiot, so he stood there, watching as John moved about the kitchen—which, in hindsight, probably made him look even more like an idiot than speaking would have done.
John was almost audibly smiling, and it was annoying. “Whatever you say,
[2:54AM] I’m sorry. SH
On Sunday night, Sherlock dreamt that he and John were holding hands in the library.  Just holding hands, out in the open, for anyone to see.  And John was smiling at him, and he didn’t seem at all ashamed to be seen with him.
Subject: RE: You never do this
And that was how he found himself at Grayson’s Public House, an apparently popular haunt among military men on leave. It hadn’t taken long to locate Gash, singing drunkenly on top of a table toward the rear, and it took only slightly longer for Sherlock to disappointingly work out that this idiot was not involved in any elaborate bank heist. He was hiding infidelity at most. Sherlock had sullenly pulled his phone out to text Ms. Short the news when he caught sight of another soldier standing a short distance away with a few of his mates.
“Exactly.”
“I’d be more impressed, though,” John continued with a practically audible smirk, “if you didn’t end up having to be treated by a medic for smoke inhalation.”
.”  And with that, Sherlock hung up.  He supposed he would have to wait for a few days to see if the police actually did anything with his tip.
Donovan and Anderson, who had both been silent up to that point out of what was likely guilt over the fact that Sherlock had fairly recently been drugged, now seemed to be struck mute for an entirely different reason.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
“How do you know they’re gay?” Lestrade asked, seemingly more confused by the start to Sherlock’s explanation.
[4:17PM] What sort of animal? JW
“But you’ve been here for three days now,” he pointed out.
“But you should be happy,” Sherlock pointed out. What was the point of any of this if John wasn’t happy? After all he’d been through, surely John deserved that much.
Sherlock frowned. It was true. He had gotten approximately one-third of the way through his (remarkably accurate, he thought) depiction of a microscope, and John hadn’t even bothered to guess what the drawing was meant to represent.
Only when he’d handed the empty glass back to John did he speak. “Was that man the killer?” he asked.
By nightfall, he had ended up back at the fields.  He stood there for a bit, recalling how John had looked during the match.  Sherlock would accompany Molly to as many rugby games as she wanted, he decided.  He was just about to turn and walk back to his room when he heard a voice behind him.
should eat? Sherlock, have you seen yourself? You weigh less than when we first met. I could probably pick you up with one hand—which would be convenient, because I don’t know how long it’ll be before I can pick you up properly.”
Sherlock shook their head. “No, I was never planning to leave,” they rushed to explain. “I was only going to send my ship back without me. Mycroft couldn’t pressure me to leave if I had no way of getting back.”
“I know, love.  I was there with you when it happened.”
“Is this guy the one you’ve been texting non-stop for weeks?”
John frowned and refused to release Sherlock from his grasp, although he did thankfully pull them away from the bathroom wall and move toward the appropriate door. “Bossy,” he reprimanded, but his pupils were blown wide, and he sounded like he was barely keeping himself under control.
, yes, do that again.”
[7:18AM] I didn’t really mean what I said about focusing better alone. SH
Molly’s reply came after no more than a minute.
John rolled his eyes. “He’s twenty, and you can talk to him, you know. He can hear you.”
Sherlock furrowed his brow, thinking back to the day John had invited him to the party.  The day that John wasn’t supposed to be at the library but had shown up anyway.  “Why were you in the library on Thursday? You were in the middle of a lecture, and then you left to come to the library?  That doesn’t make any sense.”  Sherlock was embarrassed that it had taken him this long to question John about that, but truthfully, he had been far too preoccupied with the fact that John had asked to spend time with him outside of the library that he hadn’t even bothered to think twice about it all.
Sherlock found himself blushing at that, grateful that Molly couldn’t see. “No,” he said, and then, “Well, maybe. It depends on what you qualify as…‘sex.’”
He studied the man across from him—truly studied him—and noted a bit of white powder on his sleeve. Not cocaine, obviously, as that had a slightly different texture. No, this was something else.
Sherlock groaned and covered their face with their hands. “He’s such an insufferable know-it-all. Why can’t he just keep his mouth shut for once and not interfere with my life?” Their ears were tinged green.
In which Sherlock goes to watch rugby again.
“That was the others,” John told her. “Two hoots—they found something.”
Everyone nodded. Sherlock started to wish that he hadn’t done so many things with John. That would have allowed him to stay relatively sober while getting Donovan increasingly drunk.
John’s smile widened.  “Yeah, all right. I’ll come in.”
This time, though, Sherlock moved to stand in front of the door, blocking John’s exit. “That’s a terrible way to run a business,” he told John. “You can’t honestly keep letting me call you here without charging me anything.”
It had felt so real that Sherlock allowed himself to entertain the belief that John might actually want him like that.
Subject: RE: You never do this
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock scoffed. “Of course you did. I remember it. You suggested that we keep this quiet.”
(“You got semen all over my nice pants,” he said, grimacing as he shifted his legs.
John shoved his pillow over his ears, but that did little to block out their loud, gravelly barking. He was sure that the primatologists that used the base for their research absolutely adored waking up to the monkeys every morning, but John, who had a hard enough time sleeping with his nightmares, hated it.
,” he said again, and John smirked around his cock.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You may want to hide these things,” John told them later as they prepared to leave for town. He reached up and brushed his fingertips lightly over Sherlock’s antennae. He became suddenly aware of how little they usually touched outside of John’s hand occasionally resting on Sherlock’s elbow. The contact felt ridiculously electrified.
“I’m sure your girlfriend wouldn’t mind you sitting with her,” Sherlock said at last.
There was no response.
[1:32AM] I know, I know. JW
His movements started to grow faster, sloppier, and he was so wrapped up in it that he barely noticed Sherlock rolling onto his side. It was only when he felt a tongue press against the head of his cock that he realised what had happened, and at that point, he was practically out of his mind with pleasure. “Oh, fuck, oh, fuck,” he said, stopping his hand as Sherlock leaned forward, still completely lying down, to take the head of John’s cock into his mouth. Sherlock made eye contact with him, no longer looking completely dazed. He was watching John for his reaction, and John couldn’t do much more than drop his head back and swear vigorously up at the ceiling. He had the image of Sherlock’s mouth stretched out around him forever burned into his mind. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t be able to take more than half of him in his mouth at once, but the thought of Sherlock doing anything even remotely like this was almost too much to handle. While Sherlock continued sucking on the head, John started moving his hand around the rest of his length, effectively jerking himself off into Sherlock’s mouth, and, oh, fuck, this was the best he’d ever had.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Cold, implacable dread dropped into his stomach.
Subject: RE: You never do this
[5:10PM] Because I’m saving them for you ;) JW
Before he could retort, there was a telltale crackle of incoming communication from the radio of man with the white marks on his collar. “Murray, why the hell are you not inside the building yet? You, Wilson, and Patel were meant to already be inside conducting structural assessments,” the voice on the radio said.
“I’m coming with you.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock paused for a moment as he tried to remember what he had come to the library to study in the first place.  He had to look down at his books in order to remind himself.  “Chemistry,” he said at last.  John was certainly going to think him slow when it kept taking him several seconds to respond.
Sherlock stopped in the doorway to his bedroom and glanced pointedly down at the steadily growing bulge in the front of John’s jeans. “I’m not the only one who’s eager, it seems.”
John stared at him for a moment, almost disbelieving. “Yeah?”
Sherlock was still reeling from all of this. “Does that mean that you don’t care if people know about us?” he asked.
Sherlock felt ill.
into you. Yeah, it’s definitely a date tonight.”
Sherlock rolled their eyes at John in the way they sometimes did when they thought he was being an idiot. John was found it to be oddly endearing. “My species doesn’t follow your human gender constructs. We’re classified as beings with or without certain genitalia.”
John smiled, amused. “I clearly have a talent for deducing you.”
Sherlock could practically hear Molly frowning.  “I don’t understand,” she admitted.  “What’s the problem, then?  Did he say something to you when you met up?”
Sherlock smiled and kicked off his shoes before lying down on the neatly made bed. “Prove it,” he said, like a playful challenge.
John wasn’t sure he was ready to have this conversation with them, but he eventually did shake his head. “No, sometimes I have nightmares. I haven’t had many of them recently.” He knew that it was Sherlock’s influence on him that had caused that.
[6:15AM] Although I think you wanted those photos for a different reason other than proof of my military career. JW
He hadn’t been expecting an immediate reply. He’d gotten pretty good at figuring out when Sherlock would hesitate and when he wouldn’t. He was feeling ridiculously proud of himself for that. Yet another bit of Sherlock’s personality that he was slowly discovering after a frankly ridiculous amount of texting.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
The response took two full minutes.
[7:30AM] You can’t just leave me. You can’t do this. SH
Unfortunately, given his fascination with Sherlock, John could think of nothing else.
[4:24AM] Felt like you were dead. SH
Sherlock thought for a moment. “I remember waking up and seeing you a few times, and before that…” He looked over at John, a slight smile on his lips now. “I remember you beating up that man for me.”
John laughed again and moved closer so that he could press a kiss to Sherlock’s scowl. “I’ve only dealt with human brains, love. I know bugger all about sheep.”
And just like that, everything changed.  Victor didn’t invite him over very often anymore, and when he did, he merely asked for that same intimate act over and over again. Sherlock always agreed to it, never asked for anything in return.  He could feel Victor slipping away, and he was desperately trying to do anything in his power to hold onto him.
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
[1:10AM] You didn’t even stop to think how I would feel about this. SH
Sherlock shot a curious look over at John, who smiled and said, “Got angry at someone who was shit-talking Harry when we were younger, and when I punched him to shut him up, I ended up breaking a bone in my hand. You?”
Sherlock nodded, taking in John’s story with interest. “So you’re a repairman until you can find a job as a doctor again.”
He supported her weight as she lifted herself off the ground. He wasn’t sure what had been done to her, but she was weak at the very least, her legs seeming to barely support her. He led the way toward the entrance through which he had come in, but there was now a large patch of flames that seemed to aggressively guard the door. Sherlock cursed, and he started coughing again. He found it difficult to stop. He felt dizzy, but he needed to get them out safely. He wouldn’t let Blaine claim another victim.
Tell me about the victim.
