"Okay, so, I know it looks ridiculous, but those are codes for you. Like you're own personal set of codes, and they're override codes, and they'll be voice matched later." Tony had immediately launched into the rambling spiel, his nerves spurning him on. "And they're codes for just about everything. The first one is for the workshop, and only Pepper has another code for that. Mary has heightened privileges to the workshop, but not an override code. The second one is a code for the garage and all the cars and bikes down there, and then there's a code for Jarvis, which only is used in extreme cases. Then there's a code for, well, the Tower, in general, and of course a code for SI...."
“Yeah we do,” Peter said with a big nod. “School’s gonna start soon, so we have do as much as possible!”
"I actually can't wait for you two to meet."
Mary raised an eyebrow at him, turning more to face him. “Really? Tony’s already tried to apologize for that, and tried to distance himself from us when Peter was younger. After Afghanistan he went back and forth on that decision. But now, he’s embraced it, as much as he can, and just makes sure to care for, and protect, Peter as much as he can. He’s a pretty smart guy when no one’s paying attention.” She smiled at him and rubbed his arm gently, before turning and walking away.
Steve cleared his throat a little. "She seems to be fine," Steve responded in a soft voice.
Pepper sighed a little, and he could picture her rubbing the spot on her nose, eyes closed. “Is he at a therapist’s office?” Steve raised his eyebrows. “How prepared are you for a media storm?”
Undeta'd as usual, and Marvel owns more of this than me.
"I get to take him out on his birthday," Tony mumbled. "Boys day."
"I would be more than honored to work with Dr Banner," Jarvis spoke up. "I would also inform you that Miss Parker sends word that she will be back after Young Master bedtime, and that he will be watching your presentation tonight." Tony blinked a little. The AI really knew where to strike with using Peter as incentive. "He does love to see you in your element, Sir."
Steve rubbed Wade's arm as he slept, the movie still going, but his mind was on Tony. He wasn't sure what had come over him, why he had stepped to Tony like he did, but he didn't regret it. When he touched Tony, and saw him practically cry at the touch, he felt something tight in his chest. Tony hadn't been the first man that he had kissed, there had been an Allied soldier in France on one of their missions, but he hadn't kissed like Tony had.
Tony.
"That's good," Steve smiled and nodded. "I bet when she gets home the Doctors will tell her to get more rest." He noticed Tony from the corner of his eye leaning down next to Jamie, looking over the jumping device. Jamie was looking down at Tony's feet, seeing his socks, and he knew that they wouldn't last if she had her way. "She'll be back to normal in no time." Peter nodded happily, peering up at the food on the counter. "Why don't you get cleaned up for dinner, we got some guests coming over."
Tony looked at Peter, and his son looked back up at him, brown eyes, red rimmed, sad, but his expression was suddenly resolute. "He hurt Mama," Peter said with as much conviction as a six-year-old could muster up. "You're a superhero, and he's a bad man."
Tony hummed and nodded, then scrunched his nose up. "No, no, no," he started to shake his head. "Really, Britney Spears, Steven?" He let out a little gasp. "No one listens to Paint it Black unless it's by the Rolling Stones, not some Vanessa Carlton." Tony opened up a screen with all his music, and brought up the connection to Steve's music app next to it. "This needs to be rectified immediately."
"I made you this all by myself," Peter said, grinning widely, pushing the big bag over to him.
"Does that help?" The voice was there again, and he nodded, not caring at first that he couldn't be seen.
“I’d stay clear of the door,” he warned the others. Steve kept his arms crossed, not moving, as Rhodey, Sam, and Bucky all backed away to the other wall. Rhodey moved the fastest. Tony rolled his neck a little, then dropped one arm out straight, raising the other behind him with a fist, looking towards the open door. Everyone watched the door in anticipation. And after a minute looked towards Tony. Tony took a breath, dropping his arms, shaking out his shoulders, then tried again.
Something larger hit the window and Jarvis turned on the sound so they could hear the loud ‘thunk’. “Someone is very insistent. What’s the threat level on this Jarvis?” Tony brought back the live footage, trying to find a trajectory for the objects.
“Later, you’ll tell me why you came back up early?” Tony turned his head to look at Steve. “I know you had enough paperwork to keep you busy well up until dinner.”
Guess what, you groovy kats and kittens?!
But it's a good chapter! I swear! :D
“They ‘us’ part is pretty fabulous, too.” Steve’s body shook with a barely contained laughter. “Don’t know what I’d do if I didn’t have this right now, honestly. I mean, of course I can think of a few things, and they’re all generally bad things, but that’s you know, not happening, so best not to think about it.”
Tony's jaw dropped a little, but he quickly recovered. "That was very specific, even down to a specific kind of fabric." Tony narrowed his eyes a little at Steve, watching the man smirk a little. Then it clicked. "You little cheater! Now who has the unfair advantage? You've gotten all your answers from Mary and Peter!" Steve couldn't help it and started laughing, bending over as he laughed harder with each second. Tony bit his lip, but couldn't help it for long and joined in the laughter.
His head was hammering in his chest, his head was pounding, and he got a body shivering sensation of fear. The man was coming towards him, that man was after him! He pulled the helmet off, and wriggled around, grasping for the restraints that kept him in the vehicle. The car tilted a bit, unsteady, and Tony thought that he could still use that to his advantage to get out.
There were a couple minutes of silence as she looked through the paper, Tony quietly sipping his coffee. Julie looked at him when she was done. "You can do that?"
"You do know that what happened yesterday wasn't his fault, right?" Steve asked. He could feel the evil eye from his Ma as he talked to a woman like this, but she was directing her anger and emotions in the wrong direction. "What happened to Mary wasn't his fault either."
"Well, then I wouldn't be in the same class as Wade," Peter said first, and Mary and Steve rolled their eyes a little. Peter and Wade were nigh inseparable, specially during the summer. Steve was shocked that neither of them had gotten hurt when they played together. "And Daddy was still a teenager when he went to college." Steve raised an eyebrow. "I like school, I don't wanna go through that much."
"I'll be right back," he told father and son, ruffling Peter's hair as he got up.
“He already caught me walking in,” Steve told her happily. “I think he was too engrossed in his piggy-back ride on Tony, though.” He smiled when he heard Mary’s laugh again. Everything was starting to feel like normal again now that she was back. “The Manor was, interesting to say the least.”
"He's takes on much more than he should," Bruce said quietly, starting to clean up the dishes, setting most of them in the dishwasher.
“My hero,” Steve deadpanned.
"That's a bit of an understatement, ma'am," he said, manners still intact as a gentleman and an Officer. "Is New York still part of the United States?"
"Daddy says I'm going to be smart, just like him," Peter said conversationally, concentrating on his fruit snacks as the three of them headed towards the apartment building. "I already jumped two grades, and Daddy says he jumped school grades all the time." Peter was already in third grade, and keeping up just fine, and there was no doubt that he was a gifted little boy. "I don't think I wanna go as fast as Daddy did, though."
"Yeah, she's going to need our help," Steve continued the conversation when Tony paused for a bit. "But, that doesn't mean that we don't love you any less. And I bet if you helped, she'd learn faster."
"I don't think there's much to be done just yet," Julie said gently. "You know where to find us, but try and get some rest yourself." Steve nodded and silently turned on his foot to leave.
“I’m not at will to really care about that, now am I?” She smiled at him. Steve watched the back and forth going on, not really ever being able witness to the infamous Stark and Potts relationship in person. “Not when a lovely video, starting to go viral, of Han Solo and Luke Skywalker having a light saber fight in the middle of Disneyland taking up most of my time.” Steve looked down, biting his lip, while Tony didn’t look the least bit ashamed.
He moved past the boys, not wanting to disturb them, and saw Jamie asleep in her bassinet just inside the living room, where Steve currently was, a sketchbook open on the coffee table. Tony walked over, leaning over the back of the couch to kiss the back of Steve’s neck, but frowned a little when his lips met cold skin. That’s when he noticed that Steve’s body was shaking ever so slightly. “Steve?” He moved to the front of the couch.
Alright guys, here's how much I love you all. I'm still laying down in bed, Tony Kitty tucked next to my head, (I also have a Bucky Wolf, and Steve the Unicorn, they're on my Tumblr page), and I literally just woke up. I was moved by the comments yesterday, (and maybe frightened by a few of them ;P), and I couldn't leave you guys hanging till Tuesday. Although, your pain gave me glee...... Evil and good, see, there's a whole dichotomy.
“Yeah,” Tony said, almost looking a little guilty. “I forgot to turn that down, but you looked so peaceful, like you were actually getting some sleep.” His hand came down to cup his cheek a little after attempting to fix his hair. “You’re gonna be so glad you at least wore pants to sleep, though. Because, hun, it’s nearly lunch time, so we’re all going to be eating.”
"What the hell was that," Bruce looked at Tony as he walked back over. Tony heard Steve start the motorcycle, heard the engine roar, before it took off down the road.
"My teacher's tell my Mom I'm a handful." It seemed to Tony that Wade enjoyed that. "She says I'm special."
"No, no, threatening." Tony put the glass down, and started to walk towards Loki now, towards Peter. "I don't need a team with me. See, what you don't understand is that you've made me more dangerous than you could have ever thought." Tony stopped, barely a foot away from Loki. "You touched my son."
"That's right," Tony chuckled, heading down the hall, towards where his own, seldom used, study was. "I used to go to school with Rhodey, so we've known each other a long time. He was around when I made this room that I'm going to show you. So only Rhodey, and now you, will know about this."
My cats woke me up in the middle of the night to horrible sounds of killing each other, so you guys get an early morning chapter! (Everyone is alive, no worries. Boy cats. *eye roll*)
"I'll accept your offer to move," Julie started and Tony's eye brightened a little. "If you'll accept the position of becoming Wade's Legal Guardian."
“Do you have names for them?” Pepper asked just as softly, leaning in to watch with them.
Mary looked at Tony, blinked a couple times, taking in all the information. She didn't have much time to digest it all before the door opened, and there was a loud, little, gasp. "Mama!!" Peter saw that Mary was awake, eyes open, and sitting up, and he ran over to the bed. He was about to take a running leap, feet leaving the floor, and Tony reached over, grabbing him from the air, and settled in his lap. Peter wrapped his arms around Mary's neck, and Mary wrapped her arms around him, pulling him against her chest.
"Do we go to the safe room?" Peter asked quietly, and Tony nodded. He took Tony's hand, holding onto his tightly as they stood up.
"I believe that is correct, Sir," Jarvis agreed. "I do not believe that it would be wise for the suit to cross into over the energy field."
Tony grabbed a new core from Bruce before taking one of the cars, and the Mark V suitcase, to pick up Peter. Coulson said that he would meet them at Tower after Tony confessed that that was where he was going to take him. The calculations would be done in a couple of hours for the new element, and Bruce promised that he would have a plan drawn up for Tony first thing in the morning. Tony didn't tell him about the Captain America look-a-like. It wasn't the same person that Bruce had been attempting to re-create when he had his own Gamma mishap.
"What were you doing before you started looking?" Mary's voice was always so calm, so nice.
"Of course, Sir." Tony glared a little at the AI's voice. "I do believe that Mrs Parker, Mrs Fitzgerald, and Ms Wilson do intend to meet Miss Rosenfeld outside. Shall I tell them that you will be joining them?"
"I thought it'd take a lot longer for you to get used to that nice of a bed," Tony told him. He waved a hand over the panel by the main door and the workshop went dark.
Steve raised an eyebrow, but it was Tony that voiced his question. “Barton is here?”
"I told you, I have friends outside of New York," Steve said with a slight smirk. He pushed himself up from the chair grabbing the two pair of shoes from the bench. He grabbed Wade around the waist before the older boy could scramble from the bed. He laughed in Steve's arms as the blonde put the socks on him. "They do like to talk to me occasionally."
"They said that you two should be together," the little boy said easily, leaning against Steve now. Tony got a cocky grin on his face, one that only grew larger when Rachel shot him a glare. "You two are happy when you do stuff together, and I like doing stuff with both of you."
"Or where they're doing their research," she said with a nod. "They would have a lot more information there."
"Yeah?" Tony asked, a little more quietly, Steve could hear something in his voice. "It's nice having loved ones so close, isn't it?"
Steve was sitting next to him, leaning over a bit, wanting to help but not knowing what to do. He was still in shock at the fact that Tony had emerged with a baby from that place. Once Bruce had found Tony's signal they had been moving. Bucky was somehow already on the jet waiting for them, and told Steve that he was going to destroy everything inside of the facility. When Steve offered to wait for him he declined. He'd make his own back to the States.
"Only within two-hundred miles around New York," Steve told him. Tony nodded a little.
"They were going to use her," Steve said carefully. In complete opposition to how the two men were acting, Jamie reached an arm out towards Bucky. "Her name is Jamie." Bucky looked back up at Steve.
The cameras, the reporters, they were all clambering for a picture, wanting the two heads of Stark Industries. "Let's take a picture," Obie said after a moment of silence. "Picture time!" His tone was like that of talking to a small child, talking to Peter. As if he would ever let the man talk to him.
"I'm not sure, if you find them let me know. They were kind of expensive." He crossed his ankles. "We're used to deal with a lot. But that's also why you might find yourself babysitting Peter and Jamie, and probably Wade, more often." He held up a finger when she opened her mouth. "You have an extra set of hands to help, so babysitting isn't so hard now."
“You must be all worked out if you’re finding these things to do before I am.”
"You're getting so big!" Peter hugged his Granpa around his neck.
"Fantastic," Mary said with a nod. "Steve, I approve of your friends tactics."
In short, I have lots of plans.
“Uncle Rhodey can play,” Peter said with a shrug, and Tony tried not to laugh. He was sitting in a chair, holding onto Jamie’s hands as she hopped up and down, standing between his knees.
"What's if it's sticky?" Tony made an exaggerated face. "What if it gets all over me?" Tony held onto the table, and lifted the leg with Peter on it. "You just want me to go ahead and do this?" Tony reached down, grabbing Peter around the waist with his arm, hefting him up under his arm. He spun Peter around a little and pulled him into a big hug.
"There's my Petey," Tony said, pressing his face into Peter's hair. He had his little boy in his arms, he was safe, unhurt, in one piece. That's all Tony needed. He could be content in life with Peter in his arms. He felt Peter shrink a little in his arms, growing shy at something, and Tony lifted his head. Peter was looking behind him, and when Tony turned his head, he saw Steve, and the Hulk still standing there.
"Dugan had them," Tony said just as quietly. "He must have found them, or something." Tony knew exactly what had happened. Someone had turned in the dog tags nearly five years after the war ended, thinking that they were from a fallen soldier and that they family deserved to have them. After Bucky's parents had died Dum Dum Dugan had somehow come into possession of them, and then had given them to his Aunt Peggy. It was for Tony's tenth birthday that Peggy had given him the set of dog tags from the Howling Commandos. She felt they were in safer hands with Tony than with Howard. Tony didn't want to tell him that Peggy had given them to him, not yet.
"Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Department," the man supplied.
"Cause even the stars they burn," Tony's brows went up, not really knowing that Steve had a set of pipes on him. "Some even fall to the earth. We've got a lot to learn, God knows we're worth it." Steve took a couple of steps closer to Tony, reaching out to take one of his hands. "No, I won't give up." Tony let himself be pulled closer, gently.
"You're welcome." Steve set the silverware down at the spot next to Peter, and then on the other side of the table. Mary came out with the two plates of food, setting them down, and Steve went back in to grab their drinks. Steve sat down, putting the glass of water in front of Mary, the milk at his place.
"And Coulson?" Tony narrowed his eyes a little at the Director.
“Yeah.” Tony went over and sat next to Jamie, gently so as not to wake her yet. “How long has Little Miss been asleep?”
“And your boots, and belt,” Tony told him, grabbing the accessories. Steve gave Jamie a little tickle as he straightened the hood on her head, then started pulling his boots on as Tony helped Peter. “The belt is the most important part, remember?” Tony reached down and pulled a bag out from under the bed. He motioned for Steve to stand up and stand by Peter as he reached into the bag. “Because, the belt holds all the most important things. My belts,” he motioned to the various belts and holsters still on the bed, “hold my blasters and tools, of course. But, for Jedi’s, the belt is the best place for-“
Steve kissed Tony’s knuckles. “We’ll find someone, babe,” Steve said quietly. “It’ll be alright.” Tony nodded a little, hand tightening around Steve’s.
“You do know that it doesn’t work like that, right?” Rhodey was raising an eyebrow, Tony was sure of it. He had that tone in his voice. “I can’t make it out there today, but I’ll be there by the end of the week. They’ve cleared me for some of the training that Cap wants to set up.”
"It'll be hideously perfect." Pepper then turned her eyes to camera, letting her eyes travel down, then back up to his face, assessing his attire. "The only thing missing is his shield."
"You're technically still healing," Tony finished for her. "Let me get him to Agent then, and I'll come back to help you get comfortable."
"I'm not talking about him, that's old news." That got Fury's attention, making him look up from the tablet. "I want to see Coulson." Fury frowned. "I'm going to make the arrangements for his funeral, and-"
“Well, that’s just a given,” Tony shot back. “The person receiving the pancakes never gets anywhere close to the work. They’re really not supposed to do any kind of work on their birthday.”
"Are you sure about that?" There was a chittering sound that echoed across the space, and a shiver raced down his back. "There are many ways that we can reach you, can hurt you." It pulled his face closer, deep voice whispering with a twisted glee. "He is willing to make a deal with you, to save you some suffering for what you've done to Him."
"Taken for my smarts and not my good looks? Now isn't that a twist." Tony noticed that he was alone in the cell.
"Yeah, divide and conquer is great, but he knows he has to take us out to win, right?" Tony crossed his arms over his chest, and his feet started walking. It seemed that Tony did his best thinking while he was moving. "That's what he want. He want to beat us, and he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience."
"I'm not really sure," Steve told him honestly. "I'm not writing it off though, but you know more about them right now." Tony saw the line for what it was, Steve wanting Tony to talk about what happened. But there was also no pressure behind it.
“I am Dr Cavanaugh.”
Tony tapped on Rhodey's helmet, thanking Agent Romanoff for rebooting War Machine's suit. Jarvis assured him that Coulson was still with Peter, and Bruce was still at the Manor, and so Tony just needed to get rid of this Vanko, again, and he could go home. He'd take Peter to the Tower, to show him, to hopefully distract him from what he hoped he hadn't watched. Peter was his son though, so he had probably seen everything that was being televised.
Tony was on the floor, at one point having propped himself up against the couch, but had since moved to his side. Peter was tucked under one Tony’s arms, and Jamie was laying on top of Peter and Tony’s arms, while Wade was on his back and draped over Tony’s hip. All four of them were fast asleep, a couple of pillows, and blankets, haphazardly around, and over and under them. Tony’s tablet was pushed away, and he was still wearing his black work pants, but he had discarded the tie and button down shirt and was just in a black undershirt. Jamie had pulled off his socks, and they were nowhere to be found.
"I'm fine!" He may have said it a little too loudly, but he could feel the embarrassment rolling through him. "Much better, thanks for the talk, I'm just gonna go now and work downstairs, good night!" He made a motion, hoping that Jarvis would know to hang up.
Tony whirled around, a finger in Steve's face, anger racing through Tony's body. "Don't you dare," he hissed out. "Don't you dare pull him into this. I won't let you use him as a guilt device." His finger was shaking, his hand, his whole arm was shaking.
Tony put a hand over his chest, sniffed, and wiped a fake tear from his eye. “Tony,” Mary warned with a smile. “No.”
“-against a Jedi,” Tony continued. Peter turned, tucking himself a little more against Steve. “Fortunately, and unfortunately, Cap here has the ability to adapt to nearly anything he can use as a weapon.”
“The baby monitor,” Meg said. “I heard Conor waking up.” Tony pointed at her while looking at Steve.
“I was making sure that no one else was watching,” he grumbled. “Plus, wasn’t sure how everyone else would take it to see me standing awkwardly on school property.”
"I don't think that you do it on purpose," Mary told him. "It's not like you put out an invitation for people to come after you."
Someone moved in front of Tony, and he tried hard not to open his eyes, but he almost felt compelled to do it. Loki was crouched in front of him, with a slight frown on his face. “Are you alright, Stark?” Tony grit his jaw, a fire lighting behind his eyes. Loki actually shifted back away from him. “Captain.”
Tony took the distraction to quietly slip away, and back down to the workshop. He locked the door, frosting the glass, and walking towards the back, taking a seat in one of the leather chairs. "Jarvis, set a recording, please." A screen popped up in front of him, showing him recording options, and an image of himself.
“He came back up from the offices early,” Bucky whispered to Steve, who couldn’t look away from pile of humans on the floor. “Offered to take the kids from us, and you know I jumped at the chance. I came up a few hours later cause I found one of Jamie’s toys and found them like this. I don’t know how Wade can be comfortable like that.”
Tony was already stepping inside of the elevator. "I'll be down in the workshop, Jarvis can keep an eye on me down there." The doors were closed before Mary could get to him. She let out a sigh, resting her hands on top of her head.
Sam raised an eyebrow at Bruce, then looked at Tony when he felt the genius' gaze. "Hey man, we just shared a moment of brotherly bonding while fighting Hydra."
Meg looked between Tony and Steve, then she narrowed her eyes accusingly at Steve. "No, no no no."
"Where do you want it held?" They could hear Pepper typing, and papers shuffling. Tony glanced up at Steve and Rachel for a second, taking a second to think.
Mary had said that the press was trying to get anyone from SI to talk to them, anyone that might even be hinted at having a relationship with Anthony Stark was being hounded. Steve asked Mary how she knew all of this, and she told him that another SHIELD agent was undercover with him as his PA right now. SHIELD had their own interest in Stark, a little differently than the Governments', and this was an easier, and slightly safer, way for them to keep an eye on him. Steve thought that the agent might be able to help Tony if he needed it, too.
He forgot how hard it was with his own hands to get the reactor plugged in, and it didn't help that his hands were still shaking as the effects of the paralysis wore off, and his own weakness from the shrapnel combined together. He almost cried with relief, slumping over, at the sound of the click, as the reactor connected in his chest. Now he just had to catch his breath.
"Didn't get a chance." Tony glanced up at her. "Cyanide pill in a fake tooth."
Party planning, and date night?
Tony took a breath, bobbing his head back and forth in thought. "Well, I mean,...." He paused, really thinking about what he was about to say, and possibly do. "I have a house in New York." Mary raised an eyebrow at him. "Well, okay, so it's a mansion, Stark Manor. Howard named it, not my idea."
Y'all are amazing!
“Yeah, with that new little spitfire over there,” Julie said with a nod towards Jamie, who seemed to be drawing in the applesauce that was on the tray of her high chair now. Steve had given up and had a towel in his hand for when she was done.
Tony stopped suddenly, and looked at Peter closely, narrowing his eyes as he inspected him. He hummed, then held out Peter at arm’s length, the little Stark giggling and smiling. "Hmmmm, well you I guess you don't look like food. You kind of look like a boy. Are you positive?"
“Probably in the bedroom,” Tony agreed. “I’m hoping to distract him from that fact though during training today.” Mary glanced over at him, and saw him rubbing his forearms a little. “I finished the prototype of my new suit, and I figure today is the best day to try it out. Controlled environment, med baby nearby, blah blah blah.” Mary let out a sigh and Tony smiled.
"Steve," Tony whispered.
"Tony," Rhodey sighed out a little, and Tony leaned back in his chair.
Steve leaned over to kiss his cheek, smiling, grabbing some food for himself this time. “That might some of the most planning you’ve put into action, so far.”
"Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah," Tony nodded a little. He thought he remembered Pepper saying something about this guy. "The guy from the...."
"He's cool," Tony told the little boy with a smile. "I made him." That seemed to make little Peter's eyes wider. He was still smiling, watching Peter, then tilted his head a little. Peter's wide eyes were starting to look a little red, the skin getting a little puffier? The toddler then let out a couple coughs. He wrinkled up his little face, and coughed again, turning his face into Tony's shoulder, letting out a little whine. "J?" Tony couldn't help but ask. He was hoping that he was being overly paranoid.
"Tony," Steve said quietly, drawing Tony's eyes open. He was staring straight into clear blue eyes, stunning azure eyes that begged to take Tony's breath away. Steve leaned his head in, enough that Tony knew what he wanted to do, and he didn't hesitate to meet him the rest of the way, his hand sliding up to the back of Steve's neck. Steve's lips were warm, and soft against his, the kiss was gentle, but the need was there.
"We kind of work and live together, and my kid really likes you." Tony's hands were starting to move around, getting involved in his words. Tony was a very animated talker. "And I hate when my kid is sad or upset, so I'd like to keep you in his good graces, and not angry at either one of us. Or making it awkward if he sees us kissing, or you know, stuff."
“That’s called being adventurous, and clumsy.” She pat Bucky’s shoulder, then turned to head back to another room. “I’ll have the first aid kit ready for the next tragedy,” she called out. Bucky looked back at Wade as she disappeared.
That had been over an hour ago, and Peter was now telling Mary everything he could think of, what he wanted to do when she woke up, and how Bruce was almost as good a cook as she was. Almost.
"So, I was down in South America, and we wrapping up the mission early, and I saw these flowers," Steve launched into a story before Tony could get his brain going again. "I asked a local what they were called, and I swear, I'm not making it up, but they're common name is Darwin's Slippers. I'm instantly thinking of you, more so than usual, and then he tells me that they usually don't bloom for at least another two months, and that these are rare." He had been moving steadily closer to Tony as he was talking, and he holds out the little vase to him. "And, I just knew that I had to pick them for you, even though they're flowers, and I really don't even know if you're a flower person, if I had to hazard a guess I'd say no, but it didn't matter. They had a name that I thought you would find amusing, and they were rare and beautiful and unique, just like you...."
"Not nearly as long last time though," he said, thumb rubbing her cheek a little, before patting her back. "We're going to need a few things for Steve's floor, I understand that it might be on your floor at the moment."
“If she thinks he’s the fun one, then she’ll want to go to him, instead of coming to me,” Tony said looking at him. He slid his hands up Steve’s chest, then gripped the collar of his shirt, pulling Steve in for a kiss. “I need to insert myself in her life as the one that she goes too when papa says No.” Steve’s expression deadpanned. “What? I’m the one Peter goes to when Mama says No, and you’re the one he’ll go to when Daddy says No.”
"As soon as they can get him out of the building," Mary said, nodding. It didn't take long until the door opened again, the voices of reporters following, and Tony slid in the limo quickly, the door closing, and he let out a breath.
“Like you wouldn’t be able to rig your phone to ring, or heaven forbid even give off the Avengers alarm.”
"Well, they didn't tell me, or else I would have been there," Tony countered.
“What?”
Tony saw the emotions flitting through Steve's eyes when he looked at him, and Tony felt vaguely uncomfortable. There was sympathy, pity, and understanding? Tony took a couple breaths. Had he really showed Howard's office to Steve, he had talked about his life with him. What was he thinking? He had let Steve practically hand him something. Mary couldn't even hand him stuff. He needed to get out of here. Tony turned, shutting the door, hiding the alcohol once again, the temptation gone, and he headed for the door.
“That’s when he found out about Sandy, and Katy?” Steve asked quietly and Peggy nodded. SHIELD had made him believe that an adult Tony had been responsible for it all, not a young child.
"Oh, it's beautiful," Stane breathed. "Tony, this is your Ninth Symphony. What a masterpiece, look at that." Stane dropped down onto the couch, between him and Peter. "A new generation of weapons with this at its heart. This is your legacy." Stane smirked a little, then reached over, pulling Peter up by his arm and into his lap. He could see that Peter was unconscious, a little trail of blood that had come from his ear, but he was still breathing, still alive. "Or, is this your legacy? This brat, that you've tried to hide, all too well, from everyone, from me. Well, he certainly looks like you, I'll give you that."
“Neither are you when you wrap around me like an octopus before you’ve even fallen asleep.” Tony grumbled a little, and Steve moved his fingers to rub circles on the back of his neck.
Tony hissed a little when the SHIELD doctor started to wrap his wrist up. Peter was sitting on the bed beside him, only because the doctor wouldn't let him sit in Tony's lap. They had cleaned Tony up, set bandages and liquid stitches on Tony's cuts, and were now tending to his nearly broken wrist. He could practically feel Steve feeling guilty from the other room.
Birthday Part 1!
“You are the master of paperwork, hun,” Mary nodded, eventually just resting her chin on his shoulder.
"I know it is," Tony smirked a little at Peter. "That's why I'm the Dad." He pushed Peter's nose a little, making him scrunch up his face adorably. Tony leaned against the bed to push himself to his feet without having to let go of Peter, and arranged him back on the bed next to Mary. "I'll be right back, kiddo."
(See the end of the chapter for
They talked for a little bit, Wade telling his mom about everything that he and Peter had done together, and he leaned against her side, still playing with her hospital bracelet. Tony had thought that the boy would probably miss his mom, so he had packed some of Wade's stuff in the backpack. "Hey, Wade, do you wanna spend the night here, with your mom? Steve, Peter, and I will pick you up in the morning?"
“Tony?” Steve said softly, shuffling on his knees a little closer. Tony surged forward, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck, not letting his hands touch. His face pushed into Steve’s neck and he bit his lip as Steve wrapped his own arms around him. “I think I saw your dream.” Tony squeezed his eyes shut at Steve’s words. “Was that-“
============
"Where is he now?" Bruce asked as he took a seat in the single seat chair next to the couch.
"How is he?" Steve whispered, stepping closer to Tony and Peter, looking at Peter.
"You speak of control, yet you court chaos," Thor’s voice was deep enough to break through their argument.
"I love promises from Captain America." Steve snorted softly and the call disconnected. He closed his eyes and threw an arm over his face. Steve Rogers was tired.
“Then I want a cat,” Tony threw back, making Steve laugh and shake his head.
Life updates: I've gotten a promotion at work, and am currently on a Work From Home basis until further notice. Which I adore. I'm also working with resin, making Dice sets. Clicky Clacks that you throw around in games. I've made some Marvel themed dice, and it's only the start. If you're interested in seeing what my Works In Progress are, or finished products up for sale might be, you can find that all under - Megara Makes. It's on FB, Insta, Twitter, Etsy. Really, just about anywhere.
"Does it hurt?" Bright brown eyes looked up at Tony, then back down at the reactor.
"You're positive?" Tony asked in almost a whisper, and Steve nodded. "He knows you, then?"
“Coulson’s team rounded up the AIM agents from the parking garage,” Steve said as he took a seat on the edge of the bed by Tony. “They’re not talking, though.”
"Well, I was convinced that perhaps simpler was the better way to go," Tony replied. "Apparently, Safari's in Africa are frowned upon for seven to ten-year-olds."
. Tony’s eyes water a little as sharp pricks of pain started to emanate in his chest.
Steve watched him as he spoke, other arm wrapped around his side, fingers gently tracing against Tony’s skin. “When the arc reactor was killing me, I got all my affairs in order.” He let out a little groan, closing his eyes with an embarrassed smile. “I recorded a video for him, but, I thought I was the happiest I was going to get. I was ready to check out knowing that I tried to love my son the best I could. Then, I didn’t die, like, three times in one week, and I found out who you really were. Then you go and do this thing, making me fall for you, and then, holy crap, I found out I could actually be happier.” Tony looked at him and smiled, stretching his leg against Steve’s side. “Then you went and did something like this. Let me tell you Steve, I’ve had a lot of sex in my life, and I’ve never gotten close to how you make me feel. Even when you’re not making me see the meaning of life.”
"He looks just like you," Rhodey said, smiling at the picture, and Tony felt a little surge of pride. His best friend was smiling at his sons picture. That was his son. "I won't tell anyone, Tony, but I do wanna meet him sometime."
"I'm not a soldier," Tony echoed words he had spit at Steve back up on the Hellicarrier.
"I would not jeopardize you so in front Miss Parker's parents," Jarvis told him. Good Guy, Jarvis. Tony smiled at the thought. The man that Tony wanted to talk to would take more than a couple of hours to contact, of that he was certain, but it would be better to start now.
“Well, it wasn’t exactly hard to put together,” Pepper said, having snapped out of her stupor, not sure she ever would have seen Tony Stark acting like a father. “Specially after what happened last month.”
“This is payback for trying to use guilt to make you dress up, isn’t it?” Steve didn’t say anything to Tony, but just kept smiling. “I’ve sent most of these pictures to Mary and Pepper. There will be framed ones around the Penthouse when we get back.”
"Alright, I'm explaining this all in one, so everyone get your pens ready." Tony waited for the voices to die down enough. "I'm going to preface this with the fact that those pictures were obtained illegally, and all of them have probably been removed by now." Jarvis would have caught them, and started tracing them, taking down every hosting source along the way. "Yes, I have a son, and I love him very much. No, he is not here with me."
!" Mary snorted a little. "I can tell that you spoke to Tony, though."
Tony just had to wait for the weekend to come, and Mary would be back. Then he could have his nightmares in peace. He didn't need Steve to keep rescuing him from every anxiety attack, even if he did feel much better afterwards. Just a few more days, then he could sleep.
"Let me help." Steve jumped into action, scooping up the silverware in one hand, and pausing a bit before taking the bowl of ice cream, waiting for the slight nod from Mary, saying that he could give the little boy his treat.
The suit going to the Military, the Air Force with Rhodey more specifically, and Iron Man showing up to break ground and get started on a new project was enough to deter the media vultures, a little bit. Tony was no good at pouring the concrete, and let the professionals handle that, but he was masterful at the frame foundation, and lifting the steel bars without the use of a crane. He was trying to keep one of the safest construction sites around.
Peter was concentrated, determined, to make it over to his Daddy. He put one unsteady foot out in front him, followed by the other, letting go completely of the table. He did it again, then again, quick steps propelling him over to Tony before he almost fall into Tony's arms. Tony grinned at him and picked him up.
"A lot bothers me," Steve retaliated.
"Tony!" Tony jumped when Steve's hand reached his shoulder. "Are you okay?"
“Hey, Peggy.” The older woman looked over, her eyes widened, when she heard the familiar voice.
"Hi, Mr Steve!" Peter smiled up at him, short enough to avoid the view of the peephole, and the little mischief maker knew it.
"You have a kid??" Wade was leaning forward when Steve sat down next to Tony. Peter was frowning a little, and that was all Tony could focus on. He was looking at Jamie, and Tony could see the little gears turning in his head, his mouth pressing together, lips moving back and forth, as he tried to figure out how he felt about another new baby in the Tower. The twins had been a little bit of an adjustment, but it didn't seem to really affect Peter, since they lived on a different floor, and he didn't actually see them that often. But this was different.
"Because I ran from the New York office all the way back to the Tower," Steve told him.
When Tony glanced over to the side he smirked a little when he saw Steve down on one knee, helping a little girl try to hold up his shield. All the kids had wanted a picture with Captain America, and they petted his shield like it was a beloved pet, or an endangered animal. Steve was a natural with the kids, that much was obvious, and a few of them had been awed when they saw Peter run over to Captain America and immediately be picked up. Tony had a feeling that he would be the coolest kid at school for a while. Wade had tried to sneak off with Cap's shield while he was distracted with Peter. It had been quite a sight when Peter ran over after being put down, the two boys running off with the shield like they were a double headed turtle with a star-spangled shield for a shell. The other kids had giggled while Steve chased them down through the gardens.
An intense chill swept through his body and Tony’s eyes widened, pulling a sharp breath. Dark colors burst in his vision and he felt himself falling backwards. Deep, dark blues, and violets swam in front of him, and the living room disappeared. Softs red and yellows circled together before leaving his sight, and he saw spots of white, and realized they were stars. He was back in space. Tony sucked in a breath, then felt his arms being pulled down, and his back was pushed down against something hard. Hands pressed down on his shoulders, and there was chittering sounds around him.
"So, Peter's still into coloring?" Tony asked again, looking at his designs.
As it turned out, he was able to get Jamie, and she promptly fell asleep against his chest a few hours into their excursion. Tony was leaning back in the booth of the diner Steve picked, fingers rubbing circles on Jamie's back as she slept. Steve had fed her while Tony ate his food, then when Tony took her to burp her, Steve was able to eat his food, and she had fallen asleep soon after.
“That didn’t answer my question.”
With this chapter, (and future chapters), I officially have to move the rating up and out of Teen. It's Valentine's Day, stuff gonna happen. Not a lot of detailed description, but there's enough there that I feels a shift in the rating, just as a pre-caution. It's totally fluffy towards the end though! You'll love it.
“Stubborn,” Bucky snorted softly.
"Well, it's not a problem," Steve said, trying to downplay it. He just wanted to help out Mary, he liked to consider her a friend as well as his Handler. She was really good at her job. "It's not like there's something that keeps me constantly busy right now-"
"At your service, Sir." Jarvis' welcome voice filled the headset, not too loud.
"But you didn't deny that they're there," Tony shot back. "I'm not going to let my son, and the mother of my son, live in a place where the paint chips off faster than I can drink a bottle of scotch."
“You’re gonna stay here,” Steve answered automatically, hugging Wade a little tighter. He knew that this was probably something that Wade should be talking to his mother about, but he didn’t have the heart to turn the boy away right now, not when he needed this comfort. And apparently wanted it from Steve. “Your mom and Tony talked about it. They made sure, that before, there was no way that you would have to go back to your dad. Tony would be your legal guardian, and you’ll stay here with us, with Peter.” He rubbed circles on Wade’s back, feeling a touch of wetness soaking through his shirt as Wade let out some tears. “That’s not going to happen for a long time, though, Wade. Not for a while.” Steve closed his eyes briefly, thinking how he shouldn’t be having a conversation like this with such a young kid; talking about the eventualities.
"It's taking the energy," Tony breathed.
“Get something over her mouth,” Bucky said before moving further into the room. “She’s still under, and-“
"Jarvis,..... Tony what happened?" She put her purse and jacket down on the counter.
"I've got a couple schools just waiting for us to get down there, then he'll go in to take a standard placement test," Mary told him. "You know, I'm not happy about the move either." Tony stopped to look at her. "I didn't ask for it. I'm not sure how Peter will take it, either, he's only ever known Malibu as home."
"-and I was trying to protect him, not you!" Steve blinked a little at Mary's choice of words. "Until the time that you decide on whether or not Captain America still exists, he is not going to know your true identity. And neither is Peter. The boy has a looser mouth than his father," Mary muttered the last sentence, before looking back at Steve. "If there is going to be a problem with this new revelation that you've uncovered, then I want to hear about it now. I'll find you a new place to live, and I'll keep you out of Tony's way. If this is something you can deal with, and not say anything that would make things uncomfortable, then good, we never have to bring this up again."
"I'm afraid not, Sir. Dr Banner is still in South America." Tony nodded with a small sigh.
“You’re not supposed to be working on your birthday,” Tony told him.
“Howard?” Peggy called out, walking closer to him. Howard didn’t turn to look at her. “You said that you couldn’t get them open, that the balls were corrupt.”
Wade stared at Steve for a second, slowly raising an eyebrow. “So, if you don’t have to kill the dude, then you won’t? That’s what you were trying to say?” Steve snorted a little and nodded. “What about if someone’s trying to hurt you, for no reason? I mean, like, is there ever a reason that it’s okay to kill someone?”
“Now you’re learning, Cap,” Tony said with a grin. “Maybe we can get Aunt Pepper and Happy to watch the kids for a couple of hours before we leave.” He smirked when Steve wrapped his arms around his waist. “I thought I was supposed to be the bad influence here.” Steve hummed and he could feel it vibrate in Steve’s chest. “You should probably put a shirt on, much to my extreme disappointment.”
"Yeah, but then I pulled a fast one on you, and shoved an infant in your arms-"
After a while, Steve pulled Tony closer, his fingers running through Tony’s hair. “How do you do it?” Tony asked in a whisper. Steve hummed back in question. “How do you not go crazy with how everything has changed? I mean, I can barely sleep now and I was born in this modern time.” He was easing back into a normal breathing rhythm, and now his thoughts were bouncing around, to distract him from his nightmare.
Steve leaned next to Tony, head tilted up to watch the sky. "This is one of the best views I've ever had," Steve said to the man. Tony glanced at him, then back up in the sky. "You did a good job, Tony."
“I’ll say,” Steve chuckled. “So, this,” he waved his hand at the two other outfits and the baby Ewok, “you’ve have this planned for a bit?”
"Jarvis? Where's Tony?" Steve asked, really hoping that he wasn't going to say where he thought he would.
"Bye, Mr Steve!" Peter smiled, hugging him around the waist.
True to his words, Tony had indeed told Bruce that more desserts would be needed. Steve found him in the kitchen down on the floor that everyone else was staying on. Or at least he thought everyone else was staying there.
,” Tony persisted. Suddenly he looked down to the side, then back up, lips pursed, eyes half closed, eyebrows pointed. Steve pressed his lips together and sucked them in, holding back his gut instinct as long as he could, before he let a deep, loud, full bodied laugh. Tony tried to look put out before he was joining in the laugh. “Ego boosting, babe.”
"You'd have a room up here with me, where you sleep now, and you'd have a room downstairs with Mama and Agent." Steve could hear Tony adjust himself, pulling a small giggle from Peter. "It would be like when you would come over to the Manor, two bedrooms."
Except there was suddenly a grip around his wrist. Tony looked up to the other Maximoff twin, Pietro, standing there. "I don't think you're allowed to go anywhere."
“It’s a surprise!” He called out to them. Steve felt like Peter a little as he looked around the lobby.
“Hey!” Tony greeted with a smile, making Jamie clap happily, babbling softly. “How are my two favorite blondes?”
“Actually, Bucky was the one to introduce me to the wonder of sci-fi,” Steve spoke up, and Tony grinned at Pepper. “The little stories written in the magazines, we’d pool our money together once a month to pick one up. They were swell,” he said with a smile, then winced a little when Tony’s head whipped back around to look at him. “It slipped-“
There's a date, and there's magic, and then it's all downhill.
"I'm noticing a trend," Steve whispered in Tony's ear. "First he was a bunny, now he's a hamster-"
“Gotta stop,” Tony took a breath, “doing things like that, if you want me to talk. Fuck, that feels amazing. Steve, if you stop, I may strangle you.” Steve huffed out a laugh and it reverberated through Tony. “That, I uh, I could see it. I saw the vibrations of sound.” Tony opened his eyes and started to move his body, wanting more friction and heat, needing more of it.
"We've had this conversation, he's six months old, Tony." He heard Mary giving a couple more directions to the moving people. "Where are you moving us, Tony? I think I deserve to know that."
You're all beautiful and I adore you.
"Sure did," he said with a grin. "Mr Steve is a really good cook." Peter nodded along with the statement. "He said that he'd take us swimming later today, too."
He closed his eyes tightly, palms rubbing at his face, and he could see them shoving Tony into a car in his mind, and driving off. Because Steve's day couldn't get any worse. The first time he saw the metal armed assassin on the roof, rage coursed through his body. He almost called Tony right then, to make sure that he didn't leave the Tower, but everything was already going to shit, and he couldn't risk being tracked.
“Hey Pep, what about GTA Man?” Tony said, looking to his PA. Who wouldn’t want to be named after a popular video game. The answering unamused look from Pepper said everything.
"So, I assume that he fessed up?" Tony asked, and took a drink of coffee. The caffeine was a welcome addition to his system. "Did he say why?"
"Then I'll be there for moral support," Steve said, not giving up. Tony let out a sigh as they approached the black town-car. He caught Tony eyeing one of his sport cars for a second, before motioning to the black vehicle with one hand.
"What happened?" Tony asked as he stood up.
"Bee-charmer?" Tony turned his head to look at him, hand still patting away on Rowan's back. "Really, honeyed words?"
“Look at that good looking man hunched over his desk.”
And speaking of, here's my hard-working Mama!
"I find it hard to believe that nothing is happening for you, today," Tony said to him as Peter ran off. Oh, Tony may not be his biggest fan, but he could see that The Neighbor was incredibly handsome. Those blue eyes captured you first, he could see them even through his dark sunglasses, and his hair was immaculate. Tony longed to rough it up with- Tony slapped his consciousness. Now was not the time to think about this handsome man, that he would rather have in his bed than his former dating possibility.
“Neat door trick,” Tony said, jerking his thumb back a little as he watched the man. Of course he knew about Dr Strange when he had been one of the best neurosurgeons in the country, possibly the world, before his accident and then disappearance. It wasn’t until after he had become Iron Man that he really heard about what Strange had done while he was gone. “I remember your previous residence being a lot higher up, and with a lot more glass. More modern, too.”
Tony's eyes had widened, and his breathing picked up. "Tony, listen to me," Steve said, catching Tony's attention. "Stay calm, don't move." Tony, being who he was and unable to resist moving his mouth, tried to talk and ended up moaning in pain, a moan that was quickly turning into something more strangled. His gripped Steve's arms tight with his hands. "Thor! How do you get this thing off!"
"They won't get there in time if it's actually Hydra that followed," Tony told her. He checked the map, Jarvis showing that he was about to cross state lines into Maryland. "I can get there in a matter of minutes. Try and get back in touch with Rogers. He was right, she's a civilian, not equipped to handle what we do every day."
“They’re doing their best to make me feel old,” Tony whispered back, his voice clearing of the sleep it was laced with. “I’m already feeling the aches in my arm, and my hip thanks to Wade.”
Up on the roof he saw that Bucky had tackled someone just before they were about to jump to the next building, and they were grappling with each other. Tony ran over as Bucky pushed down on the person's shoulder, growling. It was a man dress in Army camo gear. Before either of them could say anything though, the man smirked, looked at Tony, then moved his jaw and cracked his teeth down on something.
"Like I said, so wrong that we change the definition of the word. If we aren't though...."
"I'm thinking of making Pepper CEO," Tony said as he took a drink of water. Mary's eyes widened a little and she looked at him. "It's not like she doesn't make a lot of the decisions anyway. She'd be getting the title and pay for the work she actually does, and won't be stuck babysitting me anymore." Mary leaned forward and put the back of her hand to his forehead. Tony was secretly glad that he hadn't left the house without drinking the chlorophyll that he and Jarvis had some up with. He might have looked crappier than he did. "I'm not sick."
"She's a curious one," Tony said with a smile as Steve adjusted her position. "I'll hold her while you get dressed, maybe take a quick shower. Mary is rustling up all the stuff you'll need, at least for tonight." Steve took a deep breath and nodded before they stepped onto his floor.
"Jealous? No no, I'll never be jealous of HammerTech." Tony looked the suit down, then back up. "Yeah, he destroyed the sleek model I had, completely not jealous."
"Wade and I can stay up with you and Mr Steve?" Peter asked, and Tony glanced over to see a small smile on Steve's face.
"The most I know is that his parents are still alive, and that's where she was headed."
"If I remember right, my soft skin, specially my lips, the fact that I'm unfair but I'm fun, that I'm a good man-" Tony hopped out, putting his hand over Steve's mouth as he listed things off, ticking them off on his fingers as well.
"You can't just move me to a different state," she tried to argue.
“My precious puppy.” Tony grinned at him. “Also, you should start thinking about what you want to do for your birthday.” Steve was about to protest but Tony put a finger on his lips. “Nope, if I had to do something, so do you. You’re still young enough to enjoy doing things on your birthday, despite the two and a half kids that you’ve acquired.”
Steve was jumping out of the quinjet, landing on the balcony of Stark Tower, but there was no sign of Tony. "Daddy!!" Steve was running when he heard Peter's voice, almost breaking the glass door as he ran into the penthouse. Tony was on the ground, Peter laying himself over Tony's chest, and Loki standing above them. Without thought, Steve threw the shield, the edge catching Loki's wrist, forcing him to drop the scepter, and Steve was running to pick it up, and slam into Loki's back.
Tony leaned in, looking through more calculations, but he realized that this is more of a formula and that Bruce must be getting closer to cracking the secret about these secret scientists have been working on. Only, as Tony read on, he started to recognize what he was looking at. Not in the "that's-human-DNA" way, but in the "I've-seen-this-before" way.
"Of course, Sir." Blue holographic screens popped up behind the computers and Bruce walked over to study the notes.
"I did too, Mr Stark." Tony could smell coffee coming from under the desk. "Front desk called me with a no show, so I came down until we could get a replacement." Tony glanced at his watch and Todd grimaced. "No replacement either."
"I was held in captivity for three months," Tony turned to face him. "I had to traumatize my PA into hooking up my new arc reactor," he tapped the new model to emphasize his point, "and-"
“Well, not something I exactly advertise, but I do. Sometimes a quick phone call helps.” Steve leaned his cheek on top of Tony’s head. “Not saying that it’s easy, not at all. I guess,” Steve paused for a moment, trying to gather the words. “I’m getting better at hiding it, when things get too much, especially around those that don’t know, or the kids particularly. Then I go punch something.” Tony’s body jerked slightly with a snort and Steve pressed a kiss into his hair.
"Anxious? Yes." Coulson nodded. "Luckily I was able to stop him from planning the wedding, we just let him take over the actual set up."
Tony woke up later that day not feeling right. He was asleep on the couch in the workshop, his arm around Peter who was still asleep. They had spent nearly the entire day together, Tony's attempt to show him that things wouldn't change that much, and he was sure what was Peter's attempt to make sure that he didn't spend more time with Jamie.
"That's you, obviously. Listen to how cute you sound. But seriously, if I'm not around, listen to your Mama, and your Aunts and Uncles, and your Grandparents, and the Neighbor. Ugh, I can't even say his name now, but he's not exactly talking to me right now. That's if you still see him around, cause I'm sure you won't be spending forever in that apartment." Tony let out a little snort. "No, you'll get this house, the Manor, and the house in Malibu. Talk to your Mama, she'll know what to do, but you'll be able to do whatever you want with the houses. Pepper will take care of the company, so you don't have to worry about that." Peter started to knock at the door. "I love you Peter, so much, and I hope you never doubted that, not for a second." Tony gave one last smile before he stopped the recording and got up. "Save that tot he private server, Jarvis."
Turning around, Steve went down the hall to try and find Tony. He just had to follow his voice. "-slap him with a gag order, a restraining order for sure, I don't care." Tony would definitely need a break after this. "Anything to get him off TV." There was a pause, as Pepper was probably speaking. "I don't care what they know about my sexuality, that's never been a secret to any of the press. But this is not the time to be reporting on this kind of bullshit." Steve found Tony pacing back and forth in the main entrance.
“Steve.” The blonde twisted in the water, feeling his cowl slip off of his head, and he saw Tony in the water, without the suit, arc reactor a ghostly blue in the water. He tried to swim towards Tony, reaching out to try and grab onto him. Tony’s face was pale, dark circles under his eyes- his blue eyes. “You said you would keep me safe, that you would stop them from getting me.”
"My family is dead." The admission froze Tony's insides. "I'm going to see them now, Stark." He must have seen the look on Tony's face. "It's okay. I want this," Yinsen nodded a little. "I want this."
"Tony showed me Howard's office," Steve said after a moment, thinking about how he had wanted to start the conversation. Bruce raised an eyebrow faintly. "He, uh, he told me about how Howard kept looking for me, and that he had, funded your research?"
"Push it!!"
Steve locked his jaw a little, looking at Tony Stark, who wouldn't even look at him properly. He had kept his mask on because he wanted him to focus on Loki, but now all he saw was the egotistical, spoiled, brat of a man that the press had made him out to be. Howard would be rolling in his grave, he was sure of it. Two could play at this game.
He set the shield back in its place, and Steve turned from the secure case as it closed, locking away the vibranium item, and he froze when there was already someone standing in front of him. “Wade,” he breathed out, relaxing a little. “It’s late, what are you doing up?”
The Maximoff twins.
"They only thing that he counts as is another name added to the restraining order list," Tony spat. "I did not paint him a pretty picture in that press release."
“Hey, everything’s alright.” Steve peeked out and he saw that Bucky was trying to soothe Jamie. She was wriggling in Bruce’s arms, but didn’t want Bucky to take her. She moved away from his hands, her cheeks red and scrunched. “Yeah, I know, but everything’s okay now.”
“Mary’s gonna take them,” he finally admitted. “Be easier to make sure we’re in the clear.” Steve hummed a little, nodding, and turning back to his daughter.
“And you don’t plan on not being together anytime soon, right?”
“Howard obviously altered the formula,” Bruce cut off Tony’s tirade. “I think, that he altered it to be ingested orally, through food and drink, since the only other alternative would be direct injection into the body.” He started to clean his glasses out of nervousness. “Nothing’s really changed, it’s lying dormant, in fact, but it’s still there. Has been for years.”
"Because she didn't want to change her name, and then Peter didn't have to change his name to either Coulson or Stark," Tony said, his voice muffled by Steve's chest. "'Parently Agent doesn't mind." He yawned against Steve. "Peter's down on her floor, so we have some time before we actually have to get up."
"Is that the only word?" Bruce asked carefully. It would be obvious that he would be nervous about coming on board a vessel with so many SHIELD agents around, so many opportunities to exploit the Hulk like so many others had tried to do. Or to take him down.
“I have to make the same amount for Steve and Bucky alone, that I made for eight people,” Mary whined a bit. “I am not thrilled with super soldier appetites.”
"Probably because he couldn't at the time," Tony said. "I looked through the package your lawyers had set up, there was a restraining order in there. Smart thinking on their part in my opinion."
"Stark, these things are still coming!" Tony idly wondered if the man would have ever trusted him.
He took a deep breath, throwing his arms over his head, and closed his eyes tightly. Tony was appalled with himself, ashamed. He was physically fighting with Clint, then he had tried to attack Steve. And when had he called the suit to himself? Why would he do that? Had he felt threatened?
"Anthony?" Thor asked and Tony turned his head to look at him. "Is this true?"
“Morgan,” Tony said quietly, and Steve lifted his head a little. “Her name is Morganite, but we call her Morgan.” Steve widened his smile at him a little, then looked back at Morgan.
"The source building isn't that close to the Tower, they shouldn't be there that fast," Captain America said, concern dipping into his voice.
"You were right, Tony." The genius looked back at his friend. "It's really domestic, like, maybe too domestic." Tony stuck his tongue out at Bruce. "When are you two getting the second kid?" He grinned and ducked from the pen that Tony threw at him, while Steve just shook his head with a quirky smile.
"I can feel you stressing from here, I'm very familiar with the feeling." Tony grabbed a tablet and pulled up the series. "Seriously, I'm holding nothing against you. I don't think that you're some Hydra plant here to try and kill me and Steve, and I don't think that you’re Barnes' Handler. Although, you kind of are."
"Well, in my life, I don't have that luxury," Tony said with a snort. "I've spent over six years trying to keep my son from the spotlight that is my life, and thanks to Loki, that's probably going to be ruined. Which, he's going to be here later today with Thor, just to let you know." Natasha's eyes narrowed a little, but she didn't comment on the new information. "If there were even a chance that anything would happen past what happened in the gym, then Steve would have to be ready to handle the press, no two ways around it."
"This isn't working," Tony whispered, and Mary listened very closely. "We're going to have to overload the reactor and blast the roof."
“In the way that I’m a regular,” Steve told him. “Until very recently, I’ve been able to come pick up Peter, and now Wade, without being as recognized as Tony.” He motioned towards a group of three women talking across from them by a rose bush, and Bucky followed with his eyes. “Tori is taking care of her nephew while his parents are serving overseas. She seemed  a little lost last year, so Genna and her fiancé Harriet managed to get her to come to a couple PTA meetings, and now the three of them are in charge of volunteers for school functions. Genna and Harriet have a set of twin girls that are in Peter and Wade’s class, and that’s how I met them.”
"They are," he said. "Are you okay?"
"Word is you can find the cube." He wanted nothing more than to find the cube, catch Loki, and if he got a few punches in, or hits with the shield while he was at it, well it might of a little ways to relieving his stress at the moment.
"Do you think that I could make art, and get paid for it?" Peter looked up at Tony with big eyes.
"I don't mean to be rude," Steve said, internally cringing at interrupting, but he had to know something, "but I have to know, are things really going this easily right now?" Mary tilted her head, eyebrow raised in confusion. "Well, you're very kind ma'am, and very helpful, but I would think that others would want things to move quickly for me, to get me back out in the field."
"Daddy said one day, he would take me flying," Peter said with a grin. Steve and Coulson both looked at him. "Mama said that I had to be much, much, much older before that happened."
The elevator ride was a little longer than usual, and when the doors opened Peter had taken Steve's hand again and pulled him down a hallway. It was a little chillier down here, and Steve thought that maybe they had gone down to one of the basement levels. Tony was standing at the end of the hallway in front of plain wooden door. There was a keypad, and a hand scanner, as a lock though.
Fluffy/actiony chapter, this one is. It's needed for plot progression for what I have planned. More domestic fluff coming next chapter, and then a few chapter after that, all the fluff you can't handle. For now, I'll be working out my action feelings. :D
"How are Mary and Peter doing with all this?" Rhodey asked. He loved his little nephew, and Tony thought that he would take care of Peter if anything ever happened to Tony. He could trust Rhodey.
She let out a long whistle, nodding her head. "And you've made it to the Nineties, congratulations. I would have thought that it would have taken a lot longer to make it that far. There are still a lot of people stuck in the Seventies and Eighties."
"No! I'm the Asker, not the Askee!" Tony watched Steve stifle a giggle, and he couldn't help but smile. He bit his lip so it didn't become to glaringly obvious. "What can I expect on a date with Captain America?"
"If your Captain manages to stay alive." Tony arched an eyebrow. "You have missed all the fun while we were transporting you. Captain America is facing off against the entirety of SHIELD, excuse me," he smirked a bit, "Hydra."
"Brought lunch," he announced with a smile. He flipped out the legs and put the tray over Tony's lap before taking a seat across from him on the bed. Sometimes Steve would bring his food in as well and eat with him. Tony brought up his legs, sitting up a bit more, to give Steve more room. "Happy just got here to help Peter put all his presents in the car."
"Nope," Tony shook his head. "It's actually not that bad laying on your muscled body. Which, surprising, actually."
"Dickish?" Steve wrinkled his nose at her choice of words and she chuckled lightly. "Stand offish?"
“It’s awesome!” Peter exclaimed. Tony cackled as he put the shoes on him, and peter pulled on the jacket. “I look just like Sora!”
"Just hand him here, I'll have to show you everything." Steve passed Peter over to Mary, and he couldn't keep his laugh in anymore.
"That's a lot of information that I definitely didn't know," Tony commented. Jamie reached out for Steve, distracting him long enough to break the sharp look that he was giving Meg. The little girl seemed to be perceptive of emotions in a room. "Something we should know?"
"So, killing me was his solution?"
"Take a minute for yourself, son," William said, patted his arm. He gave Tony a little smile, then took Rachel's hand, and they were heading down the hall.
Dual gasped sounded in his mind when something suddenly struck at his arc reactor, a sharp pain radiating throughout his nerve endings, making his heart rate skyrocket and his chest seize. This time he could scream with the pain, and then the pulling continued, but only on one side this time. His body suddenly hit something solid, and his ears were assaulted with too many voices. There was talking that was more like shouting and yelling, some screaming, and crying.
