That feels like a sucker punch - “don’t -”
“What, you need something else?”
Dean has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at how Castiel downs his entire beer in what appears to be a single gulp.
“Ohhh, man - nothing,” Dean manages, throwing a casual arm around Castiel’s shoulders, grinning widely, “
“No,” he responds quietly, grimly, “this will be exponentially more difficult.”
“Until you cannot tell the difference between knowing me and knowing euphoria, Dean,” Castiel continues in a breathy, demanding growl, “I want your prayer, and your body, and your pleasure, and your
“This is a den of iniquity,” Castiel responds, voice stricken with his full-body fear, “I should not be here.”
Dean is grinning back when Cas’ smile fades into something more serious.
Sam's eyes are red-rimmed, and his voice is just as rough as Dean's.
Even and paced, Castiel and Dean take a few turns around the balcony, and Sam is impressed, informing Castiel that it took him a full week of practice to stop tripping over his own feet.
The power is going straight to his head, he never wants to stop.
“He stares at everyone!”
“What is so funny?” he inquires, spurring Dean’s giggles.
“Where else might I go?”
Without missing a beat, Castiel shucks it off where it was already barely hanging on, and Dean would have laughed at the display of plain eagerness, but Castiel has his Angel-of-the-Lord, Warrior-of-God, I-Can-and-Will-Kill-Anything-in-My-Way look in his eyes, and Dean can’t manage to laugh at that.
Frustrated over the mistreatment of what appears to be his only real, remaining friend, Dean challenges, “so, why don't you?”
That's all that's in his head, blissfully, and simply.
“We should go,” he urges, “Come on.”
And Dean doesn’t know that he can survive another goodbye from Cas.
-” Dean’s orgasm
He kisses Dean like he wants to crawl inside him, like he’s hungry -
“Cas -”
The way he felt limbless when his mother burned, when he couldn’t save her, when Sam chose Ruby and there was nothing he could do to change Sam’s mind, when Crowley took Lisa and Ben, when he couldn’t protect or heal Bobby, when The Roadhouse burned down, when he failed Ellen and Jo, when he lost Castiel - again, and again, and again -
“Why are you taking me?”
Claire takes three months to prepare the event all the while insisting that it's 'not that big a deal,' and alluding to how she doesn't care how it turns out; her planned service lands on a warm, Thursday evening, and Jody hosts them all.
“Great,” she says flatly, scowling at him to his slight but evident confusion, “Have we got anything that can
Into the second year, he drinks slightly less, hunts - he sometimes asks Sam to go with him, but tries to let him have his Sort Of Normal Life without too much bother.
Praying his shocked gasp wasn’t audible to Sam, Dean just tries to hold on while Cas turns his head, bites Dean’s heavy bottom lip, and then pushes Dean’s mouth more open with his own, and then he drags his hot tongue against Dean’s, coming in broad, and soft.
-mix. He made Cas a
This is the fucking issue - because, unlike other losses Dean has suffered, when Castiel goes away, he takes shit with him.
He sees too when Billie enters the room.
,” his voice cracks; he’s miserable, but it occurs to him that he’d still rather be here than anywhere else.
"I can't," he rasps, grossly wiping under his nose with the sleeve of his jacket, "I can't, I can't do it - I can't do this - we weren't supposed to
Heart lurching with a powerful wave of
After a perfectly wonderful woman named Karina leaves Sam and Eileen's place unescorted by Dean, Sam literally throws his arms in the air, and declares, "okay, we officially need to talk about this, Dean."
"Yeah," Dean tells her roughly, his voice crackly from choking, "I'd like that."
A deep sigh, “that is what I feared you would say.”
“I can’t open - can’t open the door. I can’t open the door,” Dean struggles to answer, his right hand coming up to rub at his forehead and temple, easing away a mounting pain.
“This is you being defensive, by the way,” Sam wheezes, doubled over, but still smirking at Dean, “What’s the big deal if there’s
There’s a beat of silence wherein Cas’ eyes change, and he’s come out of some sort of spell. His eyes don’t glow, the Earth doesn’t shake, but he seems to really, almost tangibly return to his own eyes.
The portal closes, and all that’s left is his heavy breathing - he couldn’t hear it before, over all the blood pounding in his skull - this must be where that sensation of tightness in his chest came from.
Castiel has his own summoning sigil, as it turns out, and Dean is inexplicably bothered by how pretty it looks, painted on the drive in sanctified oil.
His left hand is still holding Castiel at the hip to keep Castiel seated on him - he lets that hand move down to where he can shakily finger at the wrinkled dress shirt and start untucking it.
Castiel had retreated into himself, turned Dean away, was too prideful or regretful to ask for help when he needed it, and Dean - Dean hadn’t treated him well. In fact, in the time Castiel should have been asking Dean for help, Dean had mostly taken him for granted, silenced him when he tried to explain himself, or explain what he needed, and Cas had left him out in the cold, yeah, but he didn’t give chase.
“Fuck - that’s
“Dean.”
He doesn’t like asking for help - certainly not outright like he just has, but he’s trying. He’s trying to be better.
He's more than a little astonished that Castiel so willingly opens his mouth, but then, Dean can't really control how forceful he's being, but it doesn't appear to matter - Cas groans against him in a way that sends sparklers up his spine, and hot blood past his belt, and he's a long, long way from stopping now.
What he felt.
"He said all that?"
,” Sam starts pointedly.
“Fuck that guy,” Dean mumbles seriously, inhaling the fresh cotton and wildflower smell of Cas’ skin, “he doesn’t get it. Doesn’t fuckin’ deserve it.”
With a cheeky grin, Sam clears his throat, and says to Cas, “your timing couldn’t be better, actually, Cas - Dean and I have some questions -”
Huffing, Castiel thanks Kaia, then strums again, and when he sings, his voice is gravelly, and low - not unpleasant at all, but sleepy almost. Soothing, and dream-like, like a lullaby.
man on this accursed, beautiful Earth that can save it from waste and ruin, it is you. I believe that. And you know what?”
“I needed him - and Bobby warned me -”
“When Jack was dying, I made a deal to save him.”
There's no bar-hopping, or flirting with the concierge for him, and he tries not to draw attention to himself.
; he knows what it feels like to be desired, to turn someone else on, to be wanted, but he's never before known what it's like to feel...
He just wants to be of help, he wants to do for Castiel what Castiel has done for him tens of times already; stop the world from ending.
“I never said you were, Dean,” Castiel reminds him, his jaw grinding.
"Oh yeah, I bet when monster-hunter, child-soldier Dean Winchester was sitting around in juvie sticking his gum under tables, and getting gunpowder residue in his teeth, he was dreaming of the day an inter-dimensional entity of unknowable power would roundhouse kick in the door of his life, and serenade him with a medieval love ditty, in a language he doesn't speak. Every little boy's dream."
Dean practically jumps away from Cas, frightened as if he’s been caught doing something untoward, but Cas is unbothered.
some flighty, awkward, Flour-Is-Spicy Rain Man type. They’re not even that close, really.
Cas draws in a sharp, wet breath, pressing their foreheads together.
He thinks to himself that Sam doesn’t know the half of it - he hasn’t had to deal with Castiel like Dean has, and Dean doesn’t even know where he finds the patience.
Eileen is quietly holding back tears from somewhere to Dean's right, and Sam looks like he might want to argue, but instead, his voice wobbles when he asks if he can hug Dean.
That was so many lifetimes ago, but Dean remembers the intensity of Castiel’s eyes in the dark of that kitchen, he remembers how closely Castiel prowled near him, unwilling to surrender his point.
Letting out a puff of hot air against Dean's mouth, Castiel leans in close, tips Dean's face to another angle with just his nose and then murmurs, hypnotically, "Dean. I want you to fuck me."
He’s shocked, and at the mention of each name he thinks - maybe it broke Castiel’s heart, seeing him love other people. How many times has he broken Castiel’s heart?
He traces with his tongue the veins exposed near the heart of Castiel’s palm, “I’ll treat you nice.”
His collar is open by two buttons, his shirt sleeves are pushed up to his elbows, and his tie is barely hanging on its knot, and also facing the wrong way. His hair is a mess, the way it always was, and he's got on black dress socks, which, for whatever reason, endears Dean to him even more.
“Uhh - in the known universe?” Dean’s voice cracks; he looks out the windshield when Castiel’s gaze feels too heavy, “Yeah, dude. That’s… a lot.”
Dean goes to snap at his future self, but Cas beats him to it.
Every fibre of his being is telling Dean to fight whatever is happening, to punch, scratch, and tear his way through it, that he hates this so completely, that these tears he’s seeing are so fucking wrong, so unacceptable in reality to be unnatural.
shame for what he wants from Dean, and he's knowingly choosing to worship at Dean's altar in a fucking Chevy Impala over knowing his own home in the Kingdom of Heaven, and he'd make the same choice given a million opportunities.
“Not a fan of Sammy? He’s taller,” Dean half-jokes, wondering why the fuck he’s pushing the subject; just the thought of Castiel’s weirdly intense devotion being shifted to anyone else makes his stomach churn.
“She - she was human when you shared yourself with her,” Castiel tries reminding him; then, seemingly without warning, Castiel's hands slide down around Dean's neck to the collar of his shirt, where he tears the tee open, leaving spit-shine on Dean’s lips and chin where he’s withdrawn his fingers.
“You are still my one and only love, Dean,” is offered to Dean when Cas is clearly compromised, worried that Dean’s eyes are elsewhere, “I know you know still, but it bears repeating. It will always bear repeating.”
, at the top of the pile; it's got sheets of paper in it, where - by what Dean can see of the scribbling - Cas was translating it.
do you feel when he enters a room?”
“I’d heed me, if I were you. I may be a fuck-up in absolutely every other way, Dean, but as soon as Heaven lost the strategist that brought them their righteous man, they abandoned their post with their hands empty.”
Exhaling a puff of a laugh, Dean reaches up to the back of Castiel’s neck, tugs him down further as he turns his head to the side just a bit, then nips at Castiel’s jaw, licks the stubbled skin across his Adam’s apple, and then sucks at a frontside tendon of his neck.
“One more time. Y’know. For the road.”
“You can’t manage a simple little box-step for that hot piece? She was practically drooling, lookin’ at you!”
"Dean, is there somewhere we can - I mean, is there a place for us to - like, you know - pay our respects?" Sam asks desperately, wringing his wrists, "I mean, you didn't even tell me what happened, is there - does he need a salt and burn? Is there anywhere -"
have questions,” Dean growls at Sam, eyes blazing dangerously.
“Cas!” Dean snaps, eyes flashing across Cas’ face in panic, “Just tell me, man! Stop jerkin’ me around! What the fuck did you have against her?”
Inspired gaze still stuck on Dean, Cas seems unbothered by the derogation, and so Dean smirks down at him and asks casually, “you a slut, Cas?”
He really can’t escape himself.
“Torture?” he asks, standing up from his seat, staring in disbelief at his future self, “Oh, so, we're—we're torturing again.”
Cas turns where he’s standing, and watches them trade scathing looks.
Seated on what is now recognizably Claire's bed, Kaia sits against the pillows at the headboard and Castiel has shed his coat, jacket, and shoes, and is situated with his legs pretzeled, and a lyre cushioned on his thigh.
"Dean -"
“Scream it out?!” Castiel asks hysterically, disbelieving, “It will escape with the voice?!”
He should have, but he never told Cas that the betrayal wasn’t a matter of wanting Cas to report to him like some superior - he never told Cas he wanted Cas to stay, and that’s brass tacks.
“It’s nothing. Listen, Cas -”
“An oversimplified translation, but yes, that would be my question.”
He knows that when he thinks too hard about everything Castiel has done for him, everything he’s sacrificed, thanking him starts to feel cheap, and ridiculous.
Both Deans look to Cas when he lets out a snuffling laugh.
Instantly, Dean snatches Castiel’s wrist - for anyone else, it would have been considered too much force, but it barely seems to register on Castiel’s face.
Survivor's Guilt
“When I was very pleased with you - you would preen for me, Dean. Years ago, when you cared one way or another what I thought of you, you would come home covered in soot, gunpowder, dirt, oil, blood, but ambition and hope as I’d always known you had in you, and I would tell you how proud I was of you, ‘my darling man.’”
“Dean?” he wonders aloud.
, Cas…”
“Yeah,” Dean answers.
"I don't mean to make you uncomfortable," Castiel begins politely, "but Jack alluded to the idea that perhaps Heaven, for you, would not be entirely complete without my authentic revival, and so I've been... how would you say it? Sprung?"
They meet eyes from across the table, and Dean feels sick to his stomach.
Each time he pulls back just to come back in and change the angle, or depth, Castiel expelling little puffs of hot breath so close they rebound off Dean's flushed skin, and then Castiel keeps chasing his lips like he’s desperate.
It’s to avoid this level of intimacy.
"Then what's the sigil -"
, and if that
, they’re something that shouldn’t be, should never be, and when Dean’s heart hurts like this, he swings, and he swings blindly, but he’s old enough now - he’s lived long enough to know better, and still fail. He doesn’t want to fail Castiel right now. He can’t.
"Yes, I understand," Cas tells him.
Dean snorts a laugh, and Cas shoots him a charming smirk from over his shoulder.
“Would you kiss me?”
Dean glances up at the NO VACANCY sign, flickering and buzzing like neon cicadas, and he pulls out of the lot.
How is Dean going to pull another trigger when he remembers how longingly Cas looked at the screen at the end of
"I don't know," Castiel confesses, "I only ever heard the one woman singing it."
He wonders which of them Cas made.
"Hello, Dean."
When Sam inevitably turns away, surrendering to Dean’s silence, Dean unclenches his jaw long enough to say more than one word.
“You,” Castiel repeats doubtlessly to the unfinished question, “You are the most beautiful.”
Cas looks an inch away from just fully lying on the ground for all it seems worth putting up more of a fight.
Dean’s brow furrows - there’s not enough blood in his skull for this conversation.
So, he pulls back the cover to retrieve it, and finds that it's a yellow-paged copy of a book he’s never seen before;
one of the perks.”
“I don’t know, but I’m - frightened!” Castiel confesses reluctantly, his coat fluttering wildly around him; it looks too as if there are colors in the air around Castiel, but Sam can’t identify any of them, “I didn’t want to be alone!”
He sucks Castiel down as far as he can comfortably go - then further, massaging with his tongue as the hot, defined head of Castiel's cock fits snugly toward the back of his throat, and he swallows, flexing his throat around the head and pulsing vein of Castiel's cock.
Seemingly willing to let his first question slide, Future Dean responds cooly, “relax. You'll be fine. Zach's looking after you, right?”
"Cas..." Sam tries, wearing an expression that Castiel cannot understand; whatever he gleans from Sam (if anything) doesn't slow him down any.
“Are you asking me why I’m not a hooker?”
“You know how?”
It’s always been easier to simply tell himself that Castiel doesn’t cry.
When Sam sees him next, of course he asks, “Dean? Where’s -” and Dean needs to stop him before he says anymore.
It’s so childish, Dean wants to scream - every time Castiel leaves, every time he goes away, slips into another plane, it’s death of a thousand cuts, another burning at the stakes, and he fears the vacuum Castiel leaves in his wake.
"I wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse, I wondered what it could be?” Castiel posits, casual as anything, his eyes unmoving from Dean’s face, “What my true happiness could even look like, how it might be different from any other happinesses, or what the nature of true versus false happiness might be, if I’d recognize it when it came.”
That probably means something.
Snapping his mouth shut in an undeniably bitter way, Cas simply replies, “okay! Well, uh. I'll get the grunts moving, then.”
Dazedly, Dean doesn’t actually think about his answer before nodding, mumbling, “yeah,” and leaning back in.
- he barely
Dean’s no longer leaning in most of the way across the seat; Castiel is meeting him more than half-way, gently probing with timid swipes of his tongue that gradually become more and more confident.
They all take the cue for what it is and spend time ribbing him for it, and soon they're onto new topics, and hopefully forgetting whatever they gleaned from his eyes.
“Heaven left me, Dean. I was of no more use. God - my creator - saw no use in me, the Angels - my family, my
The smooth skin of Castiel’s chest elicits an unprecedented physical reaction in Dean; he can’t explain it, but since he met the guy, Dean’s consistently had the reactions of a particularly repressed monk to the revelation of Castiel’s skin. Which is not like him; he’s never minded nudity, and he’s almost always encouraged more of it regardless of context.
He's in the boonies of northern California, thinking he's hunting a vampire, because that's what the sightings and reports sound most like, but he quickly realizes that it's something he's not had to face before, and that he's likely out of his depths.
The urge to look away is so strong, but Castiel’s gravitational pull has always been stronger than Dean’s reluctance.
"She -"
Feeling brave, apparently, Cas scowls at his timeline’s Dean, and adds, “anyway, it’s easier for you to believe I’m a ‘slut,’ - a hedonistic addict - and I’ve never been in the business of making things more difficult for you, Dean, despite what you think of me. It’s easier for you to think I’m attention-seeking, or whatever best suits your narrative, and I’m uninterested in taking responsibility for whatever version of myself resides in your mind. I have enough of a job keeping my own mind.”
"I hold no ill-will for you, Dean Winchester," the same Angel tells him, her face stoic, but eyes watery, "I used to. I used to wonder why my brother would choose you over us. I used to think you had corrupted him. I did not know him well, all things told - he helped me learn to craft star clusters, and I fought under his command several times. I wish now that I had known him better. For all that I do not know, I would like to say that I do know one thing; you were worth more to him than Heaven, Earth, and all inhabitants of either. He did not betray us. He devoted himself to you. I may never understand it, but I respect it, and in truth, I admire it."
He pulls away, but not by much at all.
“You’ve gotta stop doing this, Cas.”
“Still your one and only?” Dean asked, hand spread out over Cas’ thumping heart.
Spitting out an inappropriate laugh, Jody's brows spring up as she replies, "no shit?”
Before Dean can get anymore out, Castiel reaches for his left-side cheek, cups that side of his face, and spreads a cooling sensation that knits the skin back together neatly and cleanly.
“And maybe try to not look like you’re heading off to the gallows, huh? You don’t wanna insult the woman before you’ve even opened your mouth.”
Castiel is hopeless.
“Nah, of course not,” Dean reassures him, scratching absent-mindedly at his jaw, “I… it’s nice. Being - I dunno. Being someone’s... favorite.”
Dean watches him fidget, but otherwise gives him time to respond without breathing down his neck for answers.
“We are bonded at all junctures,” Castiel clarifies with certainty, “And as I understand it, friends do not fret over other friends’ bedfellows, and friends do not feel overwhelming urges to show affection to one another, or stake claims on one another.”
beautiful thing you’ve ever se -”
“I’m here, aren’t I?”
He’s terrified like he was as a kid, like he’s never known loss or monsters like The Empty, like he hasn’t done this a thousand times already, and he wants the comfort of Castiel near enough to him to touch; he’s never even allowed himself the thought of it, but he only just stops short of pleading for it.
“Why have you never told me that?” Dean’s counterpart interrogates, as though his audacity is reason enough to have confided in him anything at all.
When Sam needs to go ring-shopping, Dean tags along, claiming it's a brother's right - obligation, even - to help him pick the right one - but when Sam is being wooed over emeralds, intimidated by cuts he doesn't understand the significance of, Dean pulls aside an engraver, and pays him in cash.
Mentions of Past Infidelity
CONTENT WARNINGS:
Heavy Angst
Mentions of Drug and Alcohol Abuse
"No, no - it didn't travel very far, and was forgotten in time, but it is a song I think of often. I would thank her for it, could I find her. And there will be no laughing this time?"
“No.”
"It's a nice song," Kaia compliments, smiling sweetly, "I think it's romantic that it makes you think of Dean."
The tone of her voice is familiar to Dean; 'thanks, that's all well and good, but I'd prefer to have my person back.' There aren't any platitudes in the world that can replace a person, or take the sting out of losing them, and Dean gets it.
SAMUEL 15:23
Shockingly, that inwardly directed command does nothing to soothe his spiked nerves.
can go to sleep if you want.”
Fending off admirers gets a little easier after that, and it's such an innocuous addition to his wardrobe that no one seems to notice.
, Dean thinks, and then gladly, to himself, he allows himself some joy, because -
He tastes blood, and he wonders if the next thing he'll know is being in a pine box, and needing to break free. It's not funny, but he laughs anyway.
He can't look long at trench coats, or blue eyes, he can't step into a Gas n' Sip, he can't leave the passenger seat unoccupied, he can't watch
Letting out a high-pitched breath, Dean shakes his head, and announces, "you're in the Empty. You can't actually be here. You're not really here. This is - what, uh-uh an amalgamation of my memories of you, or something?"
Did he wish to peel back the layers of time, to take them back to the start of all and everything? Would he worry that others might think he wanted to invalidate all the good they’d done in that time?
When Castiel chooses this moment to fall quiet, Dean steals a glance to check on him and finds him watching the blurred scenery pass them by.
“Hey, listen. Take this,” he holds out a few bills to Castiel, “If she asks for a credit card, no, and stick to the basics, okay? Do not order off the menu.”
Swaying where he lands, Sam stumbles back and tries to place them, but he doesn’t recognize where they are. Wherever it is, it’s high up where the air is thin, with overgrown, dark grass undulating under the whipping wind for what looks like miles of uninhabited hill and valley in every direction.
," Dean repeats with feeling, dragging his hand down his face.
“Christ, Cas,” he says as if he’s complaining - his chest constricts so tightly when Castiel says shit like that, he can’t help it.
Castiel kisses Dean the same way he touches Dean’s face; at first shy, curious and probing, unsure of his welcome, and then confident, searching, then brazen and starved.
Maybe it was the fact that Cas wasn’t a human that made it feel so different. Maybe what he felt for Cas - in that alternate timeline - maybe it was carnal, or some kind of religious experience, or spiritual journey, and that’s why it’s so markedly different, but Dean knows deep down that it’s more to do with who Cas is, fundamentally.
“I would choose you again.”
"Who?"
“I never said that, Dean -” Cas starts, as though it’s a phrase he’s revisited several times.
Cas’ suit is sharp, pressed, striking, and he’s wearing a cerulean blue tie that has everyone meeting eyes with him coming up short. Predictably, he doesn’t know what to do with the attention, so he mostly apologizes awkwardly for those he seems to startle and thanks the handsy old ladies that liken him to long dead husbands.
“I can’t let you… I can’t let you just
His forehead scrunching in confusion, Cas tilts his head in a painfully familiar way, and tells Dean, "no. Or - I don't believe so. Dean, I've already had a time of - the last eternity, or so - please don't make me question my existence first thing."
There's a noise bubbling from behind Dean, and he turns in abject horror, to see black pools of The Empty squeezing through the bricks in the bunker's wall as a portal begins to open.
He can feel Eileen looking between them, but he doesn't dare pick his head up, or look through his periphery.
When enough time passes that he’s sure Castiel is asleep, he thinks to himself that he can’t remember a time he enjoyed someone’s company, even when they were deeply unconscious. But, he enjoys Castiel’s company, even breathing soft and offering even less in conversation than what’s normal for him.
Breathing is still difficult, enough that Dean’s chest is tight, but even so, he says against Castiel’s lips, “open your mouth,” in a gravelly whisper, and when Castiel obeys, he brings his right hand to the opposite side of Castiel’s neck, tilting him just-so, and licking broadly inside.
“I want to wring you dry, Dean, of pleasure and of thought, and so give it to me, Dean - I want to take it from you.”
Diamonds fall in quick succession down both sides of Castiel’s face, and he’s laughing amiably, but Dean’s chest is so tight, and heavy, he can’t fathom how he’s even still standing.
“I can be one with you, and allow you to experience oneness with all things through oneness with me,” Castiel tells him, shutting his eyes as he picks up a faster pace, “
!?" - tears spring from his eyes, he's cut his hand on the bottle, his stomach churns - "
How is he supposed to ignore the sound of bees buzzing, the booming of thunder, the striking of lightning, the shattering of glass, radio or television static?
Shutting his eyes to calm his own nerves, Sam relaxes into the pew, sliding down in its worn, glossy wood, and sighs before asking, “... did the screaming help, at least?”
"I - there’s something I want, just one thing I want, one thing I have ever wanted since learning to want anything at all, but it’s…”
"What?"
“Where've you been?”
“Okay, if you don't like, uh, 'reckless', I could use 'insouciant', maybe.”
Thunder rolls in the distance, and Dean twists open the water bottle; "I know what you mean."
Only enough so that he can kneel.
“What?” Castiel wonders, ignorant and shameless.
“You do,” Castiel responds.
Head tilted fully back over the back of the seat, neck exposed, Dean swallows loudly; Castiel’s palms feel hot like brands against his shoulders, and his own hands curl into fists outside the straddle of Castiel’s legs, nails biting the skin to keep control of them.
Castiel’s legs are spread wide over him to accommodate his height, but he’s still looking down at Dean, head and shoulders curled in and down toward him. His hands come to cradle Dean’s face, his thumbs brush over pronounced cheekbones, and “Dean,” he utters, strained.
“I could explain to you the function and making of the crypts and collarettes in his irises, I handled their rebuilding myself, but in all of these years I cannot explain to you why they effect me," is what comes in reply, "I have known and understood the structure and function of beauty - or I thought I had - since an age you can scarcely conceive of, but I… when Dean is near, I…”
with ragged breaths and jarring, stuttered thrusts that are literally shaking a fault-line into the crust of the East coast.
“I’m not even saying there
“Dude, shut up,” Dean tells himself, redirecting his attention back onto Cas, “Tell me what you think, Cas.”
“Pardon?”
He doesn’t know that he
“Are there tempters like you?”
“It's been more than a long time,” Dean exhales, his face falling as he withdraws his arm, and they approach the Impala, “Years.”
There's a weathered book with a worn label,
Dean hadn’t changed - not enough. Because here he is again, here Castiel is again, dying, unwelcome in Heaven, on the cusp of vanishing from this plane of existence altogether, and Dean is angry.
Unperturbed by the suggested advance, Castiel strips off the jacket, lets it fall where his trench coat lies, and grips at the back of Dean’s hair as he arches over him, making drawn out, pleased, little vocalizations every few moments when and where Dean sucks bruises into him.
, Dean wants to answer,
Staring at his downcast eyes, Dean absently admires the fan of his thick, long lashes, and asks, “why did it just do that?”
“Guys!”
a master tactics commander that lead several successful battles across planes of existence you can scarcely imagine, and if you
A handprint of Castiel's blood remains on the shoulder of his jacket, he can see it in his periphery.
Dean waits for further explanation, but when none comes, he figures he ought to know by now that Castiel doesn’t really feel he owes explanations to anyone about anything, and so the resounding silence really shouldn’t come as a surprise.
Nothing about this winds up being offensive to his senses like he might have imagined; Castiel's musk is thick there, but smells like the rest of him. It's just stronger - ozone, cider, whipping wind over cold, breaking waves. Something downy. And his skin - it just tastes like clean skin. Smooth, warm like satin pulled over stone. The sensations are... nicer than Dean would have predicted them to be.
His hand hesitates over the knob, and he looks to Dean worriedly.
The momentary panic, and slowing of his senses by the copious amounts of alcohol allows his reflexes to slow enough that he doesn't fight his arm being pulled off to the side, and his whole body being shuffled into a bedroom. The door shuts behind him.
“I like this,” Castiel informs him, biting into and pulling on Dean’s lower lip, releasing and then licking over it, “I like kissing you, Dean.”
Taking a step more toward him, Castiel straightens himself out, not to be severe, but holding himself in a way that has always meant ‘do not question me.’
anymore. It’s all incoherent muck in there anyway, the fuck do you care? You think he knows Sam better than me? Us?”
I can’t -”
“If anything can kill Lucifer, this is it,” Future Dean assures her, for what sounds like the umpteenth time.
“Like - are you… wait,” Dean struggles, using a free hand to rub at his temple, “You’ve, uh - you’ve never been called ‘she,’ or ‘her,’ in front of me, but sometimes when Angels take different vessels, you call them by different, uh… lemme start over. Do Angels have genders?”
Sam looks on, awestruck, and Cas looks to him again with a grimace, “all of that said... does that sound like a crush to you?”
Dean doesn’t get a chance to catch his breath; Castiel barely stops moving at all, hips stuttering, and breaths coming in hot and short, but they never actually stop; and stranger than that is that Dean feels decidedly unsatisfied.
Eyes nearly popping out of his skull, Dean rushes to say, “holy shit, take it back, Cas!”
Blushing because Castiel is
“I love you.”
"My knife?"
- "He was so proud of you, he never forgave himself for taking your father away, for fucking up your life with the supernatural, but he loved you like his own family, and he wanted you to know that you helped him to grow, and be better, and kinder, and shit, and he hoped all your dreams come true."
, when Shane told Joey, "you run on home to your mother and tell her everything's alright. There aren't anymore guns in the valley," and he'd murmured reverently to Dean, "can you imagine something so wonderful?"
Reminded of Sam’s presence, Castiel’s head swivels to him, the glow of his eyes dims down, and then he looks back at Dean, visibly frightened.
there to be something ‘going on,’ where there is
Frustrated with Dean’s tone, Castiel scowls at his profile, and asks, “
He got used to not being alone anymore, even when he didn't have Sam, or casual girlfriends, or Bobby; he got used to never being truly alone, because Castiel was with him, watching over him, even when it hurt, even when he was called home, even when the creator of the known universe told Castiel to give it up, even when Dean was unnecessarily cruel, even when he made every argument he could that he was not someone who deserved forgiveness or saving - Castiel was there.
Taking it in hand, Dean examines it, then looks back up at Castiel.
“The Hell did you do?” Dean interrogates as he approaches.
Heat spreads over Dean’s face and his jaw locks up; he focuses on the road without actually seeing most of it.
Has he ever?
“I apologize,” Castiel announces softly, drawing in Dean’s attention again, “I seem to have… upset you? Or caused you discomfort?”
Predictably, Castiel doesn’t pick up on the social nuance; he appears to consider his answer before stating concisely, “arid,” and setting a clay jar on the rickety table.
It's the straw that breaks the camel's back.
If his older self would just apologize for being such an asshole, he’d bet anything that Cas would instantly forgive and try to forget. This Cas really loves this Dean - it’s right at their fingertips.
They all nod in recognition when someone refers to Cas like that, and Dean keeps his eyes down, and his hands busy.
Kaia explains to them that Jody, Claire, and she had all posted his picture on Facebook, and handed out physical posters town-to-town while they hunted, encouraging folks that recognized him to come pay respects.
"Dude,
beats of silence, Dean finally asks, “so, this ritual of yours, when does it gotta go down?”
That probably means even more.
"That is perhaps reason to believe, then, that I am not constructed from memory."
The silence is a tangible thing in the air.
He looks closely into Dean’s eyes in a way that reminds Dean of flickering bulbs in a decrepit shed, whipping winds, and shadowed wings; he stares deeply into Dean’s eyes, and confesses, “I miss your hope. Your drive.”
He looks to some faraway place over Dean’s shoulder, and rasps, “I still do. So, yes, Dean. I will follow you everywhere you lead, for however long you allow me to. I don’t mind flying blind if I’m flying with you.”
Looking down at the floor again, and gesticulating around his upper chest again, as though the feeling is rising up in him, Castiel breathes out, “I feel so much, I feel it so completely, across every snap and quiver of atoms, I wanted to explain it to any of my Sisters, any of my Brothers, any of my Siblings, but…"
Right?
The way Castiel is groaning above him, the way his breathing has gotten so strained, the way his hands seem bloodless in Dean's hair, how his knees are wobbly - it's good beyond the telling of it. He can render Castiel, Angel of the Lord, a quivering, desperate mess of twitching, wanton flesh with just his mouth.
“Jesus fuck!” Sam curses, his arms crossed over his head where he still plucks a shard of glass from his hair.
Late at night, he sometimes wonders what became of that Cas - he never saw with his own eyes what happened, so he finds himself catastrophizing a lot, rolling around in existential dread over it. Wondering if the Cas of that future died at the hands of Croates, or if he somehow survived the initial attack and went looking for Dean only to find him dead and/or gone and spirited away. If he spent time alone, all alone, wandering the diseased Earth without his designated human; without the love he so badly wanted to keep no matter how bad it was for him.
With Castiel taking control of the basic motions, Dean's able to focus on breathing and laving at him, and it works - it works beautifully, and Dean's hands massage around Castiel's thighs, encouraging him to go deeper while he goes cross-eyed behind his shut eyelids.
“Lucifer is
“Bobby?” Dean asks over his shoulder.
Cas’ eyes slide shut again, sleepily, exhausted with the day, “... perhaps, someday - when you get home - maybe I will make the same happy mistake, of saying what I mean just how I mean it.”
“Negligent,” Dean adds.
have), that Kaia asks about the ring on Dean's hand.
“They perhaps are disproportionate to your face, but there is certainly more to you than ears, and I don’t see the correlation to my ordeal.”
cannot be contained. There was no prison or person in Heaven or on Earth, in Hell or any realm that could keep me from loving you despite extensive efforts. I am not a person - I am sorry if it disturbs you, Dean, but it’s the truth. All that’s left that exists of my most authentic self is woven into your soul. When first operating through Earth’s wavelengths, I would materialize often as lightning.”
“What the fuck just happened?”
However deeply Castiel likes to kiss becomes apparent with how challenging he makes it to grab a breath, and how much control on Dean's part it requires for him to keep his hands to himself.
Dean's Self-Hatred
Jumping in surprise where he's sitting on the edge of another anonymous motel bed, Sam turns to better face him, “Cas!" he smiles, "Where’ve you been, man?”
Memories that are not his come to him in a rush -
“Oh, my love,” is moaned into Dean’s neck by the same mouth licking tears from his face as he’s rocked into worshipfully, hands reveling across his torso and hips, “my one. My only - only.”
As if white noise is taking up all the space in his skull, Dean finds he can’t string together a single sentence, there are no words at his disposal, not even a coherent thought.
Nostrils flaring minutely, Cas nods a few too many times, looking away, off to the side, his eyes glassy and pained.
When he breaks into a run, Castiel does too, and he starts laughing before they’ve even made it to the relative safety of the dank alleyway behind the club.
As though reporting for a briefing, Castiel clearly fights the urge to look to Dean’s future self for approval, and looks straight at Dean instead when he responds assuredly, “I think the greatest error is not in Sam saying ‘yes,’ to Lucifer, or your denial of Michael. I think these events were set into motion when you and Sam split ways.”
Dean’s heart jumps hard into the roof of his fuckin’ mouth when Cas tugs on his jacket, getting him to lean down the inch or two that holds him above Cas; Cas runs his wide, oval lips across the turn of Dean’s jaw, and they tickle his ear when Cas whispers, “if there is
“Okay?"
“I… I really shouldn’t.”
, just fucking get
Squeezing his eyes closed so he doesn't give himself away, he chokes down whatever emotion's building behind his face, and shakes his head, even though he does know what she means.
“I am going to explode at a molecular level, we need to leave the vicinity.”
Dean's cock bobs with interest under the strain of his denim.
Dean wants to take offense, but Cas says it in a way that absolves him of responsibility - a foregone conclusion, an eventuality, not an opinion cast upon his ability.
were the fools for believing I would be alone here, but… I couldn’t save Sam. You were so angry with me.”
In the dark like that, they sit through the playlist together, and halfway through
"It sounds to me like he did a lot of good while he was here," Jody mentions, "By the stories of all those people that pulled up for the service, he sounds like a superhero."
Before it can come to physical blows, Cas jumps between them, using his body as a shield for Dean, pulling his counter-self up short.
Dean looks at his future self, and decides he’s ready to start striking below the belt.
Dean can’t remember a time where he was so scared he couldn’t even speak, he can’t remember ever feeling this way - inky tendrils of The Empty wrap around Castiel, and there must be something he can do, something he’s forgetting in his idiotic panic.
Castiel doesn’t cry - he’s above crying. Dean wants to believe that, he’s always wanted to believe that, that Castiel is removed enough from human emotion that he doesn’t experience this type of sturm und drang, this acute torture that seems unique to particularly empathetic humans.
"What did he think Dean would like on a mix?" Sam inquires, smirking, "Any Meatloaf rock ballads on there?"
“Does it make you feel better?”
"I know," he assures her, because he does; he hugs her, and tells her, "He would've been - elated. Never mind a live band, he would've had literal Angelic choirs singing you in."
out -
you, I didn't assure shit, I'm saying I
saudade (Polish): nostalgia or melancholic longing for something, or someone that one cares for and/or loves. Moreover, it often carries a repressed knowledge that the object of longing might never be had / had again.
“Did I… did I ever say it to you?” Dean inquires, voice coming out like a long stretch of gravel road.
Angel.
Appealing to his kind nature is the right call; Cas can’t argue that point, so he puts his champagne down and walks up to Sam.
“... Cas, did you do this?”
to survive another.
“Nah, just… I mean, maybe,” Dean shrugs, turning his brights on as he turns onto a long stretch of unlit, poorly paved road, “Used to put Sammy right to sleep, as a kid. He didn’t mean to fall asleep in the car, but he liked it better than his crib. It’d rock him right into dreamland.”
“I would not trade a single moment of knowing you for anything in all of creation,” he tells Dean, his hold firm, and sure, “I am glad to have loved you, Dean. I’m happy you know it now. I wanted you to know - that I love you, and that I’m happy I love you, because you are a good man to love.”
, Dean resolutely ignores the pounding of that damned whisper in the back of his head, chanting,
, and
something between you two, and you
“You’ve a cut,” Cas murmurs worriedly, spotting a knick Dean got on his cheek earlier in the day.
“Yeah,” Dean answers, body pulsating with hot blood enough to make him start to sweat, hands sporadically curling in and out against his thighs.
He never felt like someone had been admiring him from afar, too frightened to just take their shot because they cared
Cas ignores him, and just allows his hooded eyes to flicker between Dean’s for a moment, then down to his lips.
Cliffhanger Ending
Swallowing with some difficulty, Dean holds loosely onto the lapels of Cas’ trench coat, and he means to go in chaste, he really does, it’s just that he’s actually struggling to breathe a little, so his lips are just barely parted, and Cas - as far as Dean can tell, Cas takes that as a cue.
There was a life before Castiel, where he got along just fine on his own, where friends were whoever was useful for as long as they were useful, where he trusted no one and nothing, where there were monsters in the world, but nothing equivalently good in the natural order - there was a life before Angels, before
He wonders if that Angel ever made it back home, and he wonders at it enough so that the thought bleeds and gushes and exposes bone and keeps him up at night with its painful throbbing.
Sam gives chase after Dean when he storms off to lock himself in the bathroom for a while, which means Eileen follows closely, and when he finds the bathroom already occupied, he panics about being cornered and forced to talk about feelings, which genuinely sounds like a fucking nightmare.
Slowly shaking his head, because he really doesn’t understand what’s happening now; he can follow what Castiel is saying, but he can’t tell for the life of him how any of it effects what is happening to them right now, Dean asks, “what … what’s the secret? What are you talking about, man?”
Another Angel holds their blade to the sky, and declares, "nam fratre imperatoris Seraphim Castiel, honorifice requiescit!" [
Instantly, Dean inhales the orange juice and vodka, spiraling into a coughing fit that burns his lungs so badly, he needs to hand his phone off to Sam.
How is he supposed to watch John Wayne ever again, without thinking that Cas didn't like him, but liked the way Dean imitated him?
"I'm sure there are spells for that sort of thing," Jody offers, not outright disapprovingly, but certainly discouraging, "Selective memory loss, or suppression."
Like a fucking child, Sam folds until he's seated on the floor, backlit by the hallway, holding his head in both his hands, and it's hard for Dean to look at him.
“I thought that maybe - maybe I would only be truly happy if I ever had that chance, but I see now, I feel it, how the burden is lifting,” Castiel tells him through a genuine smile, “How the truth is freeing me. Unencumbered by secrecy, it is simply the happy truth, and I can tell the difference now.”
Dean steps closer into Cas’ space, bringing them toe-to-toe and he finds himself staring down; he’d not realized Cas was shorter than him. It’s not by much, not really enough to be remarked upon, even, but it means that Cas winds up looking up at him from under the cover of long, dark lashes, and even in the dark of the night, his eyes shine like twinkling gems.
Castiel keeps looking at him, tilting his head, and trying to get a better look at his face, even more confused now, and that only serves to make Dean laugh harder.
After a few
With a cursory glance toward a visibly worried Cas, Dean refocuses on his future self, and states, “that's insane. If I let him in, then Michael
to feel held by Castiel.
“And that’s supposed to be?” Dean prompts gruffly, wishing this light weren’t on him so completely.
There’s something about knowing that Castiel could snap him like a twig that’s just…
His blood is smeared on the edges of the dents he's made, and his knuckles have that particular type of pain throbbing through them that feels ice-cold, and typically means he's broken them.
He was an Angel, and he was Dean's.
As soon as they’ve both slid out of the driver’s side door, Castiel is turning around, probably to ask Dean if he’s angry, but he doesn’t get the chance.
"Really?"
Covert Physical Abuse/Posturing
“Still, you.”
, Dean’s static-y brain somehow gets through to his frontal lobe,
“You changed me, Dean.”
, he’s thinking as he bites and then laves over the pebbled nipple in his mouth,
“What?” Dean asks in a rough whisper, heart jumping into his very dry throat, time slowing to nearly a halt, “Why’d you call me that?”
hygge (Danish): a quality of coziness and comfortable conviviality that engenders a feeling of contentment or well-being.
“Not exactly.”
He glances down, away, and then back up from under his lashes, “... am not much better off. I am of little utility to anyone anymore, but that - I can give. I can be out of the way, without being dead yet. I disappear beneath responsibility, I have a mission and purpose again, I help them forget, I put balm on the wound of reality - for a while. It’s enough. It’s how I justify being alive.”
“No, you don’t understand!” Castiel argues, face flushed, eyes and hair wild, holy light striking under his skin in lightning patterns, “I was once so powerful, Sam, I was once incomprehensibly other and vast than anything on Earth, he had every right and reason to fear me, I was a soldier crafted by the hands of the Lord, and he
“... so, odds are you're a dead man tomorrow,” Dean says out loud, trying to dim the whispers in his head that feel too bereft or grieving; if he states it as a fact, maybe his brain will stop - doing whatever it’s doing.
He wants more, more for now, and more for the nebulous 'future.' More.
His sweaty palms cup to hide his face from the loathsome Nothing and No One of the room, he grips too hard on his fringe, pulling his hair, and then he weeps.
,” Castiel answers immediately, endearingly eager again, “Show me.”
“Perhaps,” Cas tries to shrug, determinedly keeping his eyes up, “I feel certain she has moved on in her pursuits, but if I pass her again, I will offer a dance.”
“Why wouldn’t you be able to -”
Dean watches his future self snarling at the placid, if a little glassy expression on Cas’ face and he sees himself flush.
No one has ever been as warm to him as Castiel, and while it’s probably in Castiel’s Angelic nature to be warm, and to emit waves of empathy and plain goodness, Dean still doesn’t recall a time in his life when it felt like it does with Castiel.
He’ll find them a way out of this.
Reaching into the front of his jeans, Dean uses the near blackness of the power outage to his advantage, and readjusts himself to the best of his abilities.
Inwardly, he grits his teeth and slaps his own face.
The rough pads of Castiel’s fingers ghost along Dean’s jaw, until both of his thumbs and forefingers are touching at where their lips are moving against each other; it’s a curious, exploratory touch, entirely innocent.
“Wh-what are you talkin’ about?”
Pulling the Impala up into an overgrown field off the road, Dean parks, wondering where he might have access to the Kinsey scale or if that would only complicate things further; “what’s - I dunno, what’s like the
. There is stubble in this equation other than his own, and that’s new, and terrifying, and should be wholly unwelcome, but every synapse in his brain dedicated to pleasure is telling him otherwise.
It's such a sweet sentiment, Sam comes up short; Castiel can't fathom why it is that Sam has been trying to get him to stop talking, but before Sam can interrupt him again, he adds, "please, Sam, this is…" he glances down at his dress shoes, "... it’s important to me. I want to tell you.”
Dean tells himself he's just having a crisis because no one's ever made him a mix until Cas.
Flicking his eyes back to Cas' face, he adds, "I actually didn't know this. I didn't - I really didn't know this. I didn't notice it was gone."
, he was
As if Sam slapped him, Castiel looks at him severely and swiftly, his eyes flashing like the beam of a lighthouse through a dark fog, “this is serious, Sam. Of all the ways I have failed you and your brother, this is my most dire mistake.”
“You have never needed my help to sound stupid, Dean.”
“I know, Dean.”
To Dean’s horror, he watches tears slip down Cas’ cheeks in rapid succession, and stands stock-still as Cas breathes against his lips.
Baffled and wrong-footed, Dean assures him, “I-I know you do, Cas, I -”
He knows - he knows why Castiel betrayed his trust. He knows why Castiel did all he did, and how, by the time he was scrambling at Cas’ feet, begging him to put that power back on its shelf, it was too late.
self - I want to
“Alright - okay,” Sam calms him, his hands palms-up in surrender, “It… I dunno, Cas. It sounds a lot like love, but you’ve also only
Maybe it’s trying to hide.
Taking Castiel by the shoulders, Dean turns him about-face, slams him against the driver’s side door with a thud, and kisses him hard.
"He asked for my forgiveness so many times," he mumbles, fresh tears building, "Even when he was right, even when I was the one being a huge asshole, he just - he hated when we were at odds, he hated when I was mad at him, and he was so willing to just bow first if it meant I'd be happy with him again. I've never trusted anyone like I trusted him."
Dean still feels his ears go hot.
Future Dean is absolutely pissed off now, “
"Tell me about him," Jody requests, leaning her weight against Dean's side.
It wasn’t so long ago that Dean let Castiel walk away, that he was cruel, and cold to him, and even less time has passed since he stumbled to the ground, begging for Castiel to forgive him, to know his regret -
Gentling again, Sam thinks that it’s kind of sweet that Castiel thought of him during what is very clearly a serious crisis. It isn’t often that Castiel chooses his company over Dean’s.
“I loved you, but I could not protect you as I once did. I could not provide for you as I once did. I could not perform miracles anymore, I could not heal wounds with a brush of my fingers - you cannot know what it
“Telling me what?”
At that, Dean stops moving altogether, his hand slides down from Cas’ shoulder blade to the cinch of his waist, and he allows their joined hands to wilt a bit lower, but he doesn’t let go.
“Is it working?” Castiel wonders.
Very suddenly everything around Dean goes muffled, mute, as he inwardly arrives at the bizarre, but familiar and dangerous intersection of sexual pursuit; one way lies resignation mixed with the irrationally furious malcontent that comes with being blue-balled, and the other way lies sweet, addictive relief that promises pay-off so good, he'll sleep dreamlessly for six hours or more.
“Well, how do you feel when he walks in a room?” Sam interviews, starting Castiel on the easy stuff.
“You know, Cas - I get the drugs, the drinking, the, uh - grief beard, you got goin’ on - but what is with the orgies? I am actually curious.”
"Dean," Jody worries, "Are you okay?"
“Oh," Sam pales, shoulders hunching in a strange way that Castiel doesn't recognize as a social cue, "I - Cas, you don’t have to -”
“I have more questions.”
Dean turns his head and catches Cas already gazing gently at him.
He can't tell right away if the Earth shakes because he's having a cliche, world-altering orgasm, or because Castiel is
"I know."
He looks at her grumpily from under his brow, "I'm not a singer, Claire, I have never had need for proficiency in -"
Castiel gives him a very dry look, and begs, "please do not parrot me, Dean, or this will take substantially longer to sort."
“But when
"He said I was a good man."
“To be fair, you were still growing into them at the time” Dean jokes.
know what to do!?”
Cas’ hands are shaking.
it, I just wanted to fix it, Dean, I -”
"Cute," Sam smiles, though she can't see it.
curious about my strategic input, I think you should maybe reconsider -”
Exhaling a laugh, Dean brings them to a stop, and explains, “okay - I’m gonna show you how it’s done, alright? Then I’ll lead.”
“Hey,
The last thing Dean needs is to be
“It was all - it was fast! I wasn’t thinking, I hadn’t had time to think, and I - I chose you, I always choose you, Ben was all but forgotten in that moment, I’m ashamed, Dean, but I couldn’t - you were in danger - and you thought - you blamed me, and I understood, I understood why you were angry, but I - you thought it was revenge or -”
Feeling a great pity for the Angel, Sam adds on, “okay, well… imagine he smiles at you, what do you feel then?”
Two years pass and Dean doesn't leave the bunker, even when Sam moves out.
Remorseful and, socially, more at a loss than he's ever been, Sam considers Castiel's round, frightened eyes for a quarter beat, and then, as a hand turns the door knob, predictably, he's gone, and he and Dean are left blinking dumbly at each other.
“Dean, you did not pick me from a reject pile,” he tells the elder, “I chose you as my champion. And it was never a mistake.”
His hand shakes as he puts the tape in, and he unfolds the piece of paper that has the soundtrack written on it as it begins.
“What?”
“Is it really fucked up that I like that you like that?”
Quiet, nervous that if he says it too loudly, it will be true, Dean hesitantly asks, “... why does this sound like a goodbye?”
“Perhaps,” Cas allows with a smile, “I like pleasing you, Dean.”
The idea isn’t a deterrent.
“That sounds demeaning and possibly nautical in origin,” Castiel frowns, “It’s largely a chosen profession, I’m only wondering if you are an anomaly. Is it that you are extraordinarily self-aware?”
"Oh my God," Claire groans, moving to turn the camera off as Kaia laughs, and Castiel turns to her, looking betrayed, and mumbling, "you promised you wouldn't laugh."
“Cas,” Dean begins, looking into his eyes with determination, “We’re friends, you ‘n me, right?”
“Yeah,” Dean encourages him, a ghost of a smile tugging on his mouth as he sees the Angel he knows back home, “There’ee is. I trust you, Cas. Implicitly. I’m serious. Tell me what you think happened.”
When Dean says nothing to that, Castiel’s lips spread just enough to be considered a smile, and he adds, “you are offering me the sanctuary of Baby, to rest. A sanctuary you offer only to your closest kin.”
“He told me,” Dean confirms, standing his ground.
“Cas, shut up!” future Dean snaps, drawing himself up tall so he can scowl down his nose at Cas, “Stop acting like you know the kid! Like you get why the whole fuckin’ world ended, and that it somehow lies with me letting him go! I’m not the fuck-up here.”
He hiccups a half-sob, shrugs, holds his head in hands again, and tells her wetly, "I dunno how the fuck I'm ever gonna be happy without him now, Jody."
Scuffing his loafer on the carpet, he admits, "I did not need to make contact in the third dimension," he spares a glance at Sam, then looks away again, "It was not required of me - I had done what I was ordered to do, my mission was complete, and I could rest for a time before deploying again to battlefronts at the seals. What remained of my garrison was withdrawing from Hell as quickly and safely as possible, I had rescued the Righteous Man, and upon finding, and saving him, returned him to Earth, body and soul. There was not more for me to do. I could have left, but I was so eager to speak to him, I couldn’t wait."
He's been in love with Castiel for a long time, though he can't remember how or when.
The window of opportunity had not passed - it had simply changed.
,” Castiel hisses, head tilting back, the hickeys and bite marks Dean’s left all over his neck and clavicle looking carnal in the shadows, “pray to me, Dean.”
“Then sure, Dean,” Cas sighs out, depleted, “Whatever works.”
Smoothly, Cas pulls away enough for he and Dean to share one of their familiarly charged gazes, and Dean’s future self sounds - possibly wounded - when he insults Cas, “don’t be a slut at past-me. He gets the picture.”
When one of them is hurt, the one more able always hefts the other's arm over their shoulders, and helps them across whatever finish line is so near; and he’s happy to do that for Castiel, he’s not angry, not really, but he can’t stand the fear of this formal 'goodbye.' His heart can't take that shit anymore.
“It’d make more sense than whatever the fuck you just said.”
As his fingers climb into Cas' hair, and Cas' nails scrape at him from under his shirt, he feels himself
“What’re you -”
There’s a pause.
"There are many pleasures I will not know," Castiel surrenders with a shrug, "I am at peace with what I do not, cannot, or will never know."
To both Dean and Cas’ surprise and humor, Sam appears genuinely bereft to leave the lesson. They both seem inclined to respect Sam’s wishes, though, so they take another turn.
Cas reaches out for Dean’s hand and places it over his own chest where Dean can feel the hummingbird pace of Cas’ human heart.
His face is warm, and his thumb is bleeding by the time they come up to a grassy clearing; there's the remnants of a barn shed, a long-destroyed silo near it, and the clearing is bordered by overgrown trees.
The rest of the Angels hang their heads, and murmur agreements.
“Oh, no, man,” Dean bemoans, huffing a half-laugh in disbelief.
“Not always,” Dean shrugs, “Sometimes it’s to take me out of my own head, you know? Like how other people meditate. Helps me focus on the present, and not get so stressed out and shit, about shit I can’t change, or can’t control.”
Wiping away his smirk, Sam clears his throat, and suggests, “I mean… it could just be a crush, Cas. Considering your whole existence, how long you’ve been around, I mean - this being new to you, the emotions and stuff… maybe it’s just the shock of your first crush.”
“Nor could an Angel.”
“Are you saying we, uh, walk in, straight up the driveway, past all the demons and the Croates, and we shoot the Devil?” Cas counters.
Dean nods, and Cas drops his hand from his mouth.
!” he bemoans.
“What?” he rasps.
“You said if anyone could -”
-mix.
“Fuck,” he hisses, dizzy, and gouged, wondering what
For the moment, Dean is pretty certain Castiel is the only person that has ever existed.
The way Castiel smiles at him is criminal.
The near-festive gathering in the backyard falls entirely silent when Angels arrive, standing around the sigil, and facing Dean; they come bearing gifts, like their own feathers of other colors, Angel blades, silver daggers, and smooth stones they place down on the center of the sigil.
He wonders what happened to the handprint since 2009, but it doesn’t really occur to him to just ask about it. He’s too busy with trying to find the Grace he carries, extract it, and return it to its home.
Undeterred, Castiel carries on, “this construct of virginity - you know it is only powerful in magick and religion because it holds inane, and incongruous social power. Why would sexual relations be significant to experience before I cease existing?”
He's embarrassed about it, but he finds himself moaning around Castiel, licking, and sucking him down in a way that has him quite literally choosing Castiel's cock over air; whenever he leans back, draws back even a little, Castiel's fingers tense up in his hair, like he's scared it's going to end, and Dean's face is so warm, blushing from the attention.
To Dean’s simultaneous horror and delight, Cas doesn’t relinquish any control; he won’t be moved, his hands get tighter and hotter where they touch Dean’s skin, he only presses them harder together, and he kisses Dean like he wants to
Tugging Castiel’s underwear and pants down by the back of them, Dean brings his other hand to his mouth, and coats his palm with drool; when Castiel’s cock is revealed thick, hard, and wanting, Dean takes hold with no hesitation, and drags his fist down to the root.
He can’t answer the phone when it buzzes. He knows it’s important, he knows there’s more to do, but he can’t bear it, he doesn’t even know that he can stand himself up again.
“I’m telling you you’re wrong, Dean! The way he stares at you -”
“Nothing?” he interrogates, looking back and forth between them, “You want me to believe that you two were canoodling out here and there was sudden spontaneous combustion and those things weren’t related at all?”
“Come on, baby,” she instructs, leading toward a back hallway.
“I’m a coward this way,” Castiel adds, half-smiling in a self-pitying type way, “The truth frees us, Dean. I suppose I’ve always known that, but theory and practice so rarely align neatly. This helped me realize what I need to do, though. True happiness was never going to be measured by some scale of validity - it would be measured in my honesty. The laying down of my secret, freeing myself of the burden - true happiness. Happiness, unencumbered.”
He wishes, helpless, and limbless, that they had more time together - that he could offer any educated counter-idea to whatever it is Castiel has planned with trapping an Archangel, but he knows he's out of his depths when it comes to Angelic politics.
Among the makeshift family, Dean turns out to be the best at changing diapers; it is both a curse and a blessing, and Eileen vows everlasting gratitude to Dean that he threatens to call upon her for some dark day, but never will.
Dean doesn’t understand how his future self’s face doesn’t soften even a little at that, because he feels his heart start going double time at the sincerity in Cas’ exclamation.
There’s a threatening heat behind Dean’s eyes, but he refuses to cry, he tells himself that he won’t, and he can’t, and he tells himself it’s because Castiel needs him to be level-headed right now, since obviously, Castiel has lost his inner balance.
He doesn't know what's there to be discovered, but he's not in a hurry to find out.
Dean’s eyes flash up into Cas’ again, and it’s Cas who breaks first and shuts his eyes, putting space between them that Dean immediately hates.
It’s silly, but Dean presses on the gas a little harder; he might actually catch the Sun this time.
“I’m gonna save you,” Dean promises.
, I had found him."
i'm still new here pls be nice
“You keep talkin’ like that and I’ll retract the offer.”
A dusting of rosiness rises up in Dean’s face; he pulls Cas a little closer to better obscure his face from scrutiny, clears his throat and makes some noncommittal noise that could be agreement or indifference.
Castiel’s pronounced jugular is jumping hard beneath Dean’s palm.
When he gets back to the bunker that night, he sits on the edge of Cas' bed, and reads
“You ain’t cute, Cas. How the fuck did you do that? Do you have your powers back? Have you been hiding your -”
He grabs a hand towel, turns around and leans the small of his back against the counter, keeping his head and eyes down as he dries his hands.
"Okay, well, maybe you can be a modicum more helpful about what the fuck it is I'm looking at, then?"
He pets the point of Dean’s exposed canine, and mutters closely, “there are no conditions under which my affections for you exist. Do you understand?”
Several realizations occur to him at once; first, that Castiel is sincerely, expressively happy at seeing Dean be happy, even if he doesn’t get what’s going on, or all he gets is that it’s at his own expense.
“No, but it’s okay,” Cas reassures him, fingers scratching gently through his scalp in a way he recognizes as addictive in an instant, “The closest you ever got was saying that you needed me. And I knew what you meant. You and I, Dean…”
Hot-blooded in a way he hasn't felt since the dawn of puberty, Dean closes back in, tasting his Angel -
It’s adolescent of him, maybe, but Dean will often keep the car on when he’s hooking up with someone in the backseat, so that he can play music or something.
Growling and scowling like he’s in a bar fight, Dean’s future self snags the front of Cas’ shirt in his fist and pulls him forward.
When Dean says nothing to that, Sam clears his throat and replies, "yeah. We wanted to do something, just - it's a lot..."
At this, Castiel seems unprepared to reply, and stiltedly answers, “I... just thought I'd sit here quietly.”
"Sam!" Dean snaps out in a growl, holding his head in his right hand again, his left hand situated on his hip; after a few beats, he sighs, "I'm sorry, Sam. I can't - I don't think I can do this -"
Pouting thoughtfully, Sam tries to think back to Jess, and how he knew she would be one of the greatest loves of his life.
“Cas…” Dean laments, worrying at Cas, “... that’s fucked up, man.”
kilig (Tagalog): the feeling of excitement due to various love circumstances such as making first eye contact with one's crush or watching another person propose to someone.
When he is without Castiel, he's a husk of his former self, his work loses meaning, food loses taste, music loses sound, sleep loses rest, color drains from all around him, and he knows that not because he noticed it the first time he lost Castiel, but because he felt himself come back to life the moment Castiel returned to him.
He leans in close, pressing their foreheads together, breathing in the smell of him, and it's ozone-apple-cider, something downy, and spring water, it's home, it's sanctuary, and safety, and everything plainly good in the universe, and Dean utters lowly, desperately, "you can have me - you can have me. Cas, you can have anything, everything - you can have me, you always had me."
“You are my one and only love, Dean. I love you.”
When no satisfying response comes, disgusted, Dean throws his arms up in the air, and turns to go after Cas, “unbelievable -”
Urgently, without warning, and from somewhere over his left shoulder, “Sam.”
“I give,” Cas answers Dean simply, tucking his hands in his jean pockets, “I can give something still, and not take up so much space. It’s useful. I can’t lie and say I derive no pleasure from it for myself, but largely, I do it for others. They feel momentary gladness, togetherness, and they forget their troubles in a world that has only just that left to offer. For a short while, they know only what feels good, and what feels better. The world is broken, and I…”
Mentions of Drug Addiction
"You okay?" Dean worries.
A warrior of ancient and near limitless, otherworldly power is basking in sin shamelessly, he
That’s why Dean is with him - he’s the literal, human shield. Academically, Dean understood that a few hours beforehand, but now that the morning hours are creeping steadily toward them, he thinks there’s a real, actual possibility that Castiel won’t make it out of this.
He looks to Sam with pleading eyes, "... words
Stunned enough to sway where he stands, Dean swallows roughly, caught and paralyzed by Castiel’s glimmering eyes, and the tears still falling from them.
Uncharacteristically nervous, Dean glances down at the ground, his hands shoved in his jean pockets, then his eyes skim the ground until they happen upon Sam’s again, and whatever silent exchange they have works Dean up again.
Cas’ eyes snap to attention again, and his forehead wrinkles, “… I don’t understand that reference,” but he follows after Dean anyway.
With two flutes of bubbly meant for Dean and himself, Cas crossed the great hall, seemed to be stopped by a gorgeous young woman with dark hair, in a low-cut dress and a very promising smirk, but whatever exchange happened left her dejected.
When Dean says nothing in response, Claire nods in understanding, and takes him to her desk at the far corner of her room, where her laptop is pulled up, and a cassette sits near.
Padding gently across the floor, passing the foot of the bed, his back turned to Sam, Dean trails his fingertips over the hospital corners, and wonders if Cas tucked the sheets in himself, or just never loosened them.
“No,” Castiel answers, sorrow writ across his face, his downturned eyes full of remorse, “You?”
He decides he doesn't mind, either way.
Lots of kinks present!
, because of course it is.
,” Castiel growls, fisting Dean’s hair, and finally -
Castiel's Suicidal Self-Hate
"Sure," Jody tells him, her brows knit with maternal worry, "Anywhere specific in mind?"
"I'm gonna do something for him," she states, as though she had been considering keeping it a secret from them, "Just - it feels fucked up to not. You know?"
"Dean..." she soothes him, rubbing his back with a wide circling pattern, "... tell me what's happening."
The recording is cut there with a beep, indicating that it's recording the voicemail now, but Dean is blinded by grief at the sound of Cas' voice. He forgets what he wanted to scream into Cas' inbox.
“I - thanks, man. Uhm. Now - this is gonna sound like a weird question, but bear with me, ‘cause I’m not about to assume consent or something.”
vessel, and
CONTENT/TRIGGER WARNINGS:
“Without Heaven, though, won’t everyone just -”
thing going if that were what you wanted.”
“No!” Dean answers too quickly; he runs a hand down his face, and looks away again, “No, I mean… it’s not - it’s a lot, knowing that you think of me… like that. But it’s not something you need to apologize for or anything. Just sort of hard to believe, you know? You've seen a lotta shit, Cas, and you're
Despite his thoughts feeling like an overturned box labeled ‘miscellaneous,’ he somehow manages to land back on Anna, and when it occurs to him what Castiel said, he winces.
, Dean’s body demands, as consciously he’s fighting to keep his teeth in check enough that he doesn’t break Castiel’s skin,
Just under the cover of the top blanket is another book, which piques Dean's curiosity.
Unsure if he's still a little drunk or actually hungover or possibly both at the same time, Dean may as well be asleep at the wheel, so he doesn't make for great company.
“Chastity.”
“Is that an easier pill for you to swallow?”
Grief/Mourning
Nausea sets in, and Dean feels himself go pale.
He spent his entire life being too grown-up for shit like that, too busy, too dangerous, and there were women - lots of women - that helped him feel a little better for brief hours, but he never felt like
Dean’s voice wobbles, “... were we still - together? When Lisa and I -”
“Okay…”
People are growing nearer - there’s chatter, the sound of water sloshing in buckets, a hose starting up, but Cas can’t seem to look away from him.
“The alternative being that you and I both are in the throes of a zombie apocalypse, but the suspension of your disbelief begins and ends at a random lightning strike?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The unthinkable happens then.
“Your father was emotionally absent at all times, and physically absent a great deal. If the natural order among humans is that those with absent fathers follow particular career paths -”
“I have hidden nothing from you, Dean.”
“Okay, that’s - you can’t fuck everything, so let’s narrow that list down.”
Lost in buzzing endorphins, Dean hesitates just long enough that Castiel’s eyes flicker back to his, and he repeats himself sternly; “Dean. Do you understand?”
He doesn’t want it to mean anything.
“Oh, Cas…”
“You trust me, I trust you,” Dean interrupts, rushed, every fibre in his body screaming for more contact, thrashing against reason and resistance, “I’ll give it, but you gotta take - and I gotta know you’ll stop me if you -”
There’s probably more he’s not privy to that muddies the waters.
“I know how you see yourself, Dean,” Castiel tells him, “I know you see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You tell yourself that you're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken - you're ‘daddy's blunt instrument.’ And you think that hate and anger, that that's... what drives you, that it’s who you are, or all you are…” Castiel shakes his head, and Dean struggles to swallow around a lump in his throat, “it's not. And all those that really know you, they see you for who you really are.”
“Go ahead. What’d he tell you?”
Dean is a hunter, and he goes where he's needed, and does what needs doing, while regularly stopping by to shower his niece in high fructose corn syrup and whatever toy she points at.
"I know, hon," Jody placates.
“I know what to do now,” Castiel intercepts, his jaw working in something close to nervousness, “The happiness - it’s never been in the having of it, because all I want is not really a thing to have, to own. It is an honest state of being. It’s in existing in it, living under the roof of it, I would be happy - truly happy - in just telling you.”
“Uh - ‘fuck?’ We yell ‘fuck’ a lot,” Sam offers, thinking it will be very funny to hear Castiel screaming ‘fuck,’ at the sky, “it’s a catch-all! Just remember to breathe in your fear, and then yell it out, throw your voice as far away from you as you can - you’ll feel better, I promise!”
“I know, sweetheart,” Castiel consoles him, sweet and loving, his voice so low and compassionate, “Save your world. Save your time. I know you can.”
She hugs him like she understands his grief, and she probably does.
He tamps down on the anger, and he pushes the hot block of it aside to see the fear it’s masking, and he knows instantly why this all feels wrong.
There’s no denying that, really, so Sam concedes, “well, he wouldn’t be mean about it. I mean, you’re right, he might freak out at first, it’s Dean, and he’s sort of stupid, but he wouldn’t stay angry at you.”
being
"Yeah," Dean intercepts, "That's exactly what I'm gonna. No one should need to settle for being a second fuckin' choice, Sam - no unsuspecting woman who has the misfortune of meeting me, and Cas never deserved to feel that way, and if this is as good as it gets, then I'm fine with it, okay?"
Finally, Castiel takes the money and turns to follow Chastity, to which Dean calls out, “go get ‘er, tiger!” - which is apparently not the vote of confidence Castiel wanted, because he throws a look over his shoulder to Dean that could kill a lesser man.
"Yeah," Dean tells him, putting the book back down on the bed, face-open, as it was left.
“That's right. The big 'yes'. To the Devil. Lucifer's wearing him to the prom.”
“Yeah?”
Normally, Dean would shut down this conversation at this point, but there’s something more than his inability to accept kindnesses making him feel ill at ease.
“M’fine,” Dean murmurs.
This isn’t some creep who keyed Baby outside a hole in the wall along 66.
"I can't drive," he admits to her, looking down, over the round of his shoulder to her, "I'm fucked up. Will you drive me somewhere?"
“I’m not qu -”
He looks still as a statue, unwilling or possibly unable to verbalize a retort.
With an embarrassing, proud little flutter in his chest, Dean looks to Cas’ profile, and has to physically fight the urge to say, ‘you too, man.’ It’s weird seeing Cas look and sound casual and even mostly normal, and not like Spock. Unnatural, but in a way Dean could see himself getting used to, if it came about gradually rather than all at once.
He wanted Dean anyway. He wanted Dean quietly, unobtrusively, without expectation, and the wanting alone made him happy, because he was just that innately, organically selfless, and he's not coming back.
It’s as good a question as any, Sam thinks.
For all he’s struggling to breathe and articulate, Dean may as well have a literal garrote working his neck, “God in Heaven, Cas, it’s just - you’re so - you’re too -”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Zach said he was gonna bring you back, right? To oh-nine?”
“Oh, good,” Cas remarks facetiously, fatigue apparent across his face as he regards the map, “it's right in the middle of a hot zone.”
“Never.”
“No,” Dean voices before thinking, “That’s - come on, man. Anything? Booze, women?”
If Castiel had cared to notice Dean’s body language behind him, he may have been able to tell how badly Dean wanted to smack him upside the head; Sam once told Dean that getting details about anything from him was like ‘pulling teeth with chopsticks.’
“Dean!”
Mentions of Addiction
“Not a bit,” Dean tells him honestly.
“Cas…”
-” he voice breaks.
Dean holds up his palm to stop Sam from saying more.
At Sam’s behest, Dean and Cas follow him across the great hall, out onto a spacious balcony, out of the way of most everyone. Double glass doors lead out to it, and flowers line stone railing; no moon is visible from where they are in the mansion, but the sky is bright with stars, and that’s light enough.
"So, I'm not gonna be gettin' a three-bed, two-bath single family home in the suburbs, Sammy," Dean explains, picking his head up to finally look at his brother, "I'm not gonna wait at the end of an aisle, or pop out anymore Winchesters, and throw a ball around the backyard when he died protecting me, and the only way to save me was to - to let himself be happy. For a fuckin' minute. He said the happiness wasn't in the having - it was in the being. Just being i-" he stumbles, clears his throat, "being i-in love. With me. That made him happy. And then he said 'goodbye, Dean,' and pushed me out of danger, and Karina's swell, Sammy, but I..."
"Stop it!" Dean screams at the sky, living through flashbacks of blown out windows, frequencies high enough to destroy televisions and radios, a storm localized over a single barn in the middle of bumfuck nowhere, sparks silhouetting a not-yet familiar figure, "Stop doing this shit! Stop! You're gone, and I -"
He smiles his kind smile, big glossy tears threatening to tip over his dark lashes, “from the moment I pulled you out of Hell -”
Tugging on Castiel like that forces him to over-correct forward and down; where he’d been arched to keep distance between their bodies, there is no longer any space, and he falls fully into Dean’s lap.
With unfair ease, Castiel swings a leg over Dean, and settles over him, not against him, but close enough that Dean's heart rate rockets.
Dean feels a tingling in his cheeks and resolutely ignores it.
Proud, Castiel's chin juts forward a bit as he continues, "I wrapped him tightly in the safety of my torn, tired wings, I burned him with the brand of my divinity so enemies would know that any trespasses against him - that they would be answerable to
Emotional Abuse
“He tell you? What happened to Lisa and Ben?”
Shaking his head, throat bobbing on a swallow, Dean fights him with a pathetic whisper of a voice, “d-don't do this, Cas. We can find a way out of this, there’s
He stares at the voided space, waiting for the fluttering sound of feathers to return, waiting to wake up, waiting for the universe to rewind or reset, since this turn of events is so obviously incorrect.
He doesn’t know how to reconcile who he knows himself to be, and who he knows he might have become.
a way -”
Smiling at her like they’re in on some joke together that she’s just told the punchline of, he intones, “Chastity.”
He lets go of the tie and takes hold of Castiel’s left wrist where it’s moving away from him, bringing it to his wet lips so he can mouth at the sensitive skin there; he looks up at Castiel from under his eyelashes in a way he knows liquifies the knees of most women. He doesn't know how it might effect a man - or, an entity that's a man 'some of the time,' but he's not really being driven by reason anymore.
Breathing roughly, Dean nods some vague agreement, then offers, “you wanna feel something else nice?”
Because the alternative has always been so much worse.
“It was not an occurrence. It was me.”
Confused for a brief moment, Dean needs to crouch and lift a little of the blanket to see underneath, and there's their beat-up Clue board game box in plain view.
of you - in our bed - it was as if you wanted to hurt me until I lost my mind! Or maybe you’d hoped I’d have wandered off into the wild to die alone in the woods like some other domesticated creature that finds itself shoveled to the side of the road when it’s no longer of use!”
His hand flexes in and out of a fist, "it is my miracle. It is for me, divinely gifted by faithless hands - mine. My miracle. And I would sooner rip the seams of space-time apart than ever be without it again. All can be taken, all - I will gladly give until there is nothing left of me, nothing more to offer, nothing left in all the universe but this, and I would not surrender it. Unmake me, lay what ribbons remain of me at the feet of cruelty, persecution, and savagery, but my miracle - it will remain. Steadfast, and unending."
“He… he took from me. He took comfort, and platitudes, and whatever else I could dish out to keep him from wandering into fuckn’ traffic, okay? He took it all, and he shut me out. I don’t even mind the taking. It’s that - when I needed him, he wasn’t there. Not in his own head anymore. And, after Lisa -”
The door to Cas' room stays closed, he breaks down the wall separating his room from the next so that he can have something of a master bedroom, and he spends time maintaining and renovating the place, and it's good. It keeps him busy.
He knows he’s worrying Castiel, but he’s quite literally lost all ability to communicate more eloquently than that, and thankfully, Castiel follows the direction without question. He's got more tact than that (most of the time), he'd never be telling Castiel to fuck off and forget everything that harshly, but he can't string the words 'you don't wanna fuck around in the Impala for pretty valid reasons, and what I wanna do to you requires space so we'll be fucking outside like animals, unless you have another idea about how the instantaneous, blazing fire of need you just lit in me can be met within the next few seconds,' together.
