“Tired, better, I’m sorry Miss Hooper for how I reacted to you the last time. I...just...deformed pancreases you mentioned?” Sherlock mutters waving his hands.
The sound of metal against linoleum and the shout jolts John’s head from his never ending paperwork. It had been several hours since the mysterious man had come in with head injury and equally mysterious brother.  He rose quickly to investigate trying not to get run over by the security personnel that were heading the same direction.
They leave just was Mrs. Hudson comes back in with a broom and pan, plus some bags. She places them as close to the men as she can without crunching on debris,  “Here you are dear. Oh Sherlock.”
“What?! You and Mycroft!, isn’t my brother too old for a flatmate?” Sherlock scowls and bats John’s hand away from the sensor on the side of his head that he is trying to remove. John chuckles and tilts his head in waiting for Lestrade’s explanation. John smirks in realization of where this is going.
Sherlock’s head only nods and his cold hands clasp John’s and finally the sirens are there.  John sighs in relief.
“She called me a freak. Said I wasn’t wanted or needed, and that I am, ” Sherlock takes a shuddery breath, “that I am a sociopath! That I proudly called myself one.”
“You were right John. Thank you. I’m better.” He moves to take something out of his inner pocket and puts a folded manila folder on the counter.
Sherlock made his way slowly to the nurses station. He narrowed down from the four nurses that one was happily married yet missed his children, one was had a serious pain killer addiction, there was Gloria who he would definitely avoid, and then there was the one on the blue cardigan. Recently dumped by her boyfriend, owns several overweight dogs, has few friends, bingo.  He brings his hands up to his hair to ruffle it into submission and feels the shaved patch and winces.  His Holmesian charm will just have to do.  He sees the woman’s name on her badge and makes his move.
“I realize now why I don’t have any friends. I must be an utter and complete bastard. I’ve probably tormented people, people hate me!” Sherlock says running shaking hands through his hair.
“Sure as I know every element in the periodic table by heart, sure as I know that Mycroft will never be thin, sure as I know that I love you.  I know it will not be easy, I know it is frightening, but doing it with you is the surest thing I know. It has always been you that has made me sure of everything.” Sherlock murmurs slowly a tear escapes his eyes.
November bled into December and January.  Cases on the weekends, lunches at Speedys, and John and Sherlock found their friendship again.  John loved Mary but he loved Sherlock more. There was nothing that could erase or remove those feelings.  It did not help that Sherlock had been staring at him, touching John when it wasn’t absolutely necessary, apologizing to John when he realized he had done something wrong, and being overly kind to Mary.  Maybe it was time to find out if there was something there.  He bought the card the day after Sherlock’s birthday, on a whim, in a moment of weakness after their shared bottle of wine, after a case.
“I’m sorry I texted you...I know you can’t...won’t see me. I have to go home” Sherlock says standing suddenly.
I was in a desperate need of body positive John Watson. Sure he is mortified by his limp, but his body is banging and his scar was earned in combat. Sherlock wants it.
“How are you feeling?” John asks sitting on the toilet seat and admiring the sight of alabaster skin draped in their ridiculously large clawfoot tub.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John opens the folder and begins to read. Early thirties, mother, wife, healthy despite having asthma. She was an avid swimmer. Had a somewhat happy marriage. She and her husband were going through couples therapy.
We were walking back from the morgue and had picked up food on the way. Cutting through Regent’s park was a bad idea for it was always filled with families and happy children.
“Of course I am sure John. It is almost as you are being deliberately thick. I don’t trust my therapist, especially since he is under Mycroft’s thumb, unlike another doctor I know. One that I trust.”
John Watson fucking hates Valentine’s Day. It is an uncompromising fact. The second that New Year’s Eve ends his muscles begin to tense, his mood turns dark, and he becomes an utter prick to everyone around him until the 15th of February.
“Stop Sherlock. Look gentlemen, I know him he’s fine. Let him go, I’ll take responsibility and see that he finds his way out. Please?” John says not liking the way that the other has Sherlock’s arm wrenched behind his back.
“Sorry. Yes John, you’ve got work. Spare key in the vase if I need to leave. Got it. Have a good day. Yes, I felt like as your guest I could provide some sort of compensation for my stay and your manual labor of yesterday.” Sherlock relays, hands never leaving his chin, eyes never meeting John’s.
“Today is a terrible day. I thought I’d make it better by getting our new home. John please. I know I ask a lot of you, please let me do this for you, for us” Sherlock mumbled into my shoulder.
“I’m actually in pre-med. It’s hard but I love it and I’m doing quite well, all 4s and 5s.” she smiles excitedly.
“Those ears are quite unfortunate even for an elephant. I think we need to ask Charlotte about the father’s ear size, don’t want our child to have a complex” he mutters
That was as much physical affection as John would get over the next year.  John wasn’t The Woman, he wasn’t the work, he was merely Sherlock’s friend, he wasn’t worth Sherlock’s attraction. Sherlock then made John watch and listen as he threw himself off of that roof. The tears John heard over the phone was what John believed Sherlock’s only true confession of how much he had valued John. The only person he would tell the truth to.  It broke John’s heart more than that silly girl he couldn’t remember the name of that ruined Valentine’s Eay.
“Right cause you had to prove you’re clever. In all honesty might have known from the moment we met, but I still can’t read your mind.” I state helplessly wondering why he won’t look at me.
“I had to get us out of there, I am indeed starving.” Sherlock mutters and shoves a dumpling in his mouth.
John and Sherlock spend the cab ride in silence, that theme continues as John sets up the couch for his guest. Worrying about Sherlock and the consequences of what the two have done that will come from his brother tire John.  He doesn’t want to talk about it, and Sherlock is similarly disinclined. Tomorrow would hopefully bring clearer minds.
“Well that’s just cruel..he can’t help how he looks. He’s so lonely and nothing but a mouse for company.”
Awkward was the simplest way to describe how John and Sherlock revolved around each other after the confessions on the train, the cruel manipulation Sherlock felt the need to put in play. Yes they  had laughed about it, but it still hurt.
“I want to co parent a child with you, or several if that is agreeable to you” he says with an uneasy smile.
As John fumes his way back to the nurses station he shoves his hand in his pocket for a pen. The pen is gone replace by a lined sheet of paper.
“My brother I suspect will ask you to move in with him very soon. I think that you have more than enough reason to read it now Doctor Watson.”
“Where is Greg?” I ask looking around the set of buildings that brought me back to that first night I knew Sherlock.
“Of course.” Sherlock says and John turns into the building. He doesn’t turn back as much as Sherlock wills it so.  Sherlock sighs and turns to the road to hail a cab back home when he his met with man with an ear piece.
Reading the paper, reading an article about some suicides that had occured all in the same way, he could only admire his flatmate.  Partners and loved ones had been saying that it couldn’t be possible for the person to have truly committed the act.  John scowled. Killing oneself was always a well planned act, plently of clues, signs, not usually impulsive. He had done the same in those months after his recovery. Sherlock had seen it.
I open the card with a mix of disgust and slight trepidation. It could be a stalker, or criminal luring me to work.
John wakes up the following morning and makes his way into the shower, ignoring Sherlock’s sleeping form. Before he had his shower and his tea, he wasn’t going to be all the social.   He was sore from lugging items up and down the stairs.  When he exited the bathroom only in a towel he stopped at the stuttered inhale from the kitchen he turns to see Sherlock staring at him, an empty mug tipped towards the floor, mouth open.
“That, um the thing is.” John couldn’t figure how to ask without appearing completely mad, “I have a suspicion that my partner might want to take him. He pulled him out of that frozen pond.”
“I can walk to my room myself. I may have memory deficiencies but I have been walking around recently!!” Sherlock huffs loudly for everyone to hear as he shuffles towards his bed.
John is silent, he watches Sherlock’s reaction to being caught.  He notes the curled shoulders, the tight mouth, the clenched hands.
“He is utterly unhelpful and might die of diabetes before I leave this very hospital. Where would I be then?” he smiles warmly at John and tilts his head, “Did you get my note?”
“Sherlock...I...missed you so much. When I found Mary she...she just filled a space, I loved her but she wasn’t you.”
“Fiiiine...it’s all fiiine Johnnn…go home to Mary...I...don’t love you” I say turning away from him.
John’s eyebrows shoot up his forehead in shock, “Are you sure? Maybe you’re therapist should be the one that goes with you, you know for support.”
Patient admitted with closed head injury caused during a work related experience. Patient was having a seizure when found by a coworker. The coworker, Gregory Lestrade stated he thinks he was hit with a bottle as there was broken glass near the patient.
“The dead don’t talk back do the? Thank you Molly, your kindness reassures me that I’ve not become a complete monster in the time that I have missed. I’m not am I?” Sherlock asks.
“Well you call yourself a consulting detective. You contribute a lot to the cases that we are out of our depth over” Lestade smirks.
“Ahh no I have an apartment. We’re not together.” John says eying Sherlock who is staring at the elderly woman with his mouth slightly open.
“Anderson despite his ability to hold his tongue and attempts at being pleasant, is still not up to par with the skills I require. John as you might be unaware,  has become quite helpful. So John what will it be?”
“Sherlock you aren’t a sociopath you know this don’t you? You’re brother would have mentioned it right?” John asks
John went on with his day considering Sherlock’s offer. They were friends first weren’t they? Oh how he wanted, how he wanted to be with Sherlock, but he couldn’t get past the doubt that what Sherlock felt for him was anything more than need of a friend and doctor. The guilt and hesitation that clawed at John’s throat was suffocating. It was doing quite a number on his mental state.
John watches as Sherlock suddenly slumps into the arms of the cab driver and is pushed into the back seat. He knows something isn’t right by the way Sherlock’s head turns in the direction of the restaurant.
“Sherlock, hey Sherlock, they’re gone. You’re okay.” John says quietly and places a hand on eac of Sherlock’s shoulders.
“That’s usually my line.” I chuckle but again stop seeing that unsure scared look on his face again, “Sherlock what is it?”
John can only stare back at Gregory and gulp down his drink. Yes he was bisexual but was Greg flirting with him on Sherlock’s behalf? When Sherlock remembered his life, he’d never be interested in John.
“You’re a medical man, needing to heal and fix and care. That is all. Go home John” I say wanting him to stay. I watch his face, his hands, he looks like the first night of my return, ready to punch, to hurt me.
“Charlotte how are you feeling?” I manage as I sit in a small couch for two pulling Sherlock beside me.
He was slumped over an empty workspace when he heard a deep rumble of a voice shout his name. His head shot up at the scuffling noises he heard as well to see Sherlock Holmes being held back by several uniformed security guards. Sherlock’s eyes were wide and he looked like he had run a marathon from the flush of his cheeks and the sweaty curls plastered to his forehead.
“Mr. Holmes, your brother would like to return to his own home. I told him and I’m telling you, that would be the best way for his memories to return. As an intelligent man yourself, as Sherlock has told me, you should know that.” John states stepping closer to Mycroft.
“I was afraid. Of hurting you, of taking advantage. I can’t read people’s minds like you can. If you were wondering, I knew you were attracted to me when you told me the color of my pants.”
John shakes his head and smiles all too widely to himself as he makes his way to the waiting room.  ‘Keep it in your trousers Watson, you’re better than that.’ John thinks to himself.
“Charlotte I do apologize for my silence. I tend to rub people the wrong way and I have simply deferred to my more social partner. I am curious about the father of your child and what happened there.” Sherlock murmurs quietly.
“Answer my question!  You have all the malodorous signs of diabetes, you haven’t slept regularly since you outright refuse to use a CPAP machine since you think it will turn off you wife of over 40 years. You outright dislike me on sight which suggests that you have been in contact with my brother,  believe me I preferred my previous doctor. He at least treated me like a human being, not a puzzle to solve or a problem to fix. As you can see my brain is working perfectly fine, it is just missing the last nineteen years. Where is Doctor John Watson?” Sherlock spits out in one long breath.
“Already asked her. I’ve decided Sherlock, what do you want to name him?” John asks.  Sherlock proceeds to stare at him silently. “Waters getting cold by now. Can’t possibly be comfortable after today.”
I go back to my bed and sleep. I dream of nothing but puzzles and cloudy skies. I wake for basic necessity and collect the mail.  Bill, bill, bill, ….violet card…no return address
“Well, I’ve been staring at these photos for quite a while and I can tell that she was suffocated in some way but I can’t see how.” Sherlock mumbles avoiding John’s eyes.
John can’t help the relieved laugh that comes out of his mouth. He rubs his face and watches frantic Sherlock pace across the small room.
“Hello there, Margaret,  that is a lovely cardigan, compliment’s your eyes.  I was just wondering if you could locate my doctor. I had a question only he could answer” Sherlock says with a wink and saccharine smile.
“No I think that is more about how you feel.  Sherlock, who calls a man who has had a serious head injury and significant memory loss a freak and a sociopath?” John asks disbelieving
“I am I am” I gasp nervously putting on a gray t-shirt and heading to the bathroom to brush my teeth. I nearly plow into the whirling dervish that is Sherlock.
“John, do you remember the significance of this room now?” Sherlock asks his back to me standing at the window I had shot through all those years ago.
From the state of the flat Sherlock had only used the second bedroom as storage for a barrage of broken equipment, mounds of paperwork, and mobile computers of every make and model created since 2001. He obviously had no financial need for one nor the desire to share it with anyone other than the visits from Mrs. Hudson.
Imagine unaired pilot Sherlock, a little quicker to smile, quicker to flirt, denim wearing Sherlock Holmes. Whatever happened to him at nineteen years old made him delete relationships and feelings. (I promise it isn't sexual assault)
John makes good on his promise by being back quickly with not only boxes but tea and hot sandwiches and soup at the shop below the apartment.  When he makes his way up the stairs he is surprised to see Sherlock still asleep on the couch. Mrs. Hudson quietly takes the key back and walks back down to hers.
“Kiss me John. Prove that I haven’t made a truly mortifying mistake.” Sherlock begs leaning slightly closer.
“Mycroft I have absolutely no desire to use drugs. Why would I, my brain is all I have! Please I think being around my things and my life would help me!” Sherlock shouts moving as if to get out of bed. Mycroft stops his brother with a point of his umbrella handle to Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Sherlock. You have been assigned a new doctor” John manages as flatly as he can. He doesn’t meet the other man’s eyes.
“Oh, wow.” Sherlock murmurs and turns towards a tidy if cluttered kitchen. John watches as he eyes all of the scientific equipment, opens the empty refrigerator and wanders down a hall to what must be a bedroom.  John slowly follows taking in the expensive microscope, the containers of caustic chemicals, the neatly piled scientific journals. John makes his way to the doorway of Sherlock’s room. Sherlock is standing before the closet with a hand on the door and is standing eerily silently.  Without a word John steps in and moves to the other side to take a look.  Inside were several dark suits similar to the one John remembers Sherlock arriving in at the hospital, followed by several shirts in white and light grey, one purple, one black, and one in a murky green.
“See there is a bit of you I’ve missed. The sarcasm and the petulant sigh. Mycroft and I are eager to have you at home.”
He gives himself a mental pat on his back. He was still in decent shape from all of the work he did at the hospital. What little weight work he could do with his shoulder had resulted in the maintenance of his former service physique. His scar could be off putting for some people, but since he had earned it in the service of his country he couldn’t care less. It was his limp and the nerve damage that bothered him the most. Sherlock did not mind either.
“Fine. Needed a ride home anyways. Might as well be on the commonwealth’s tab.” Sherlock says stepping into the black car only to inhale sharply at his company.
I turn to look at the man I love and notice the wetness at his eyes. I press a kiss on the corner of his mouth and tug him close. Just as I’m about to release him I hear clatters and pings as the crib behind us collapses to the floor.
John has to shake himself mentally as well as physically. He’s gathered that the elder Holmes brother is quite the powerful man, and his fascination with the younger Holmes brother would just be that, an admiration, a fascination.
Mary had been surprising. I could see why John loved her. She was smart and funny. She was a liar and holding on to some secret I couldn’t figure out.  I’d hate her if I could but she was so very like me. She made it hurt all the more. She was what John wanted, she filled his needs in ways I could not.
“Right, you’re always right.” against my brow and pulls away to her room for the bag.  I finish the tea and head towards the front door. Sherlock appears next to me and I hand him his mug and we exit to the street and make our way to the busier street for a cab.
“What appears to be the problem Mr. Holmes? I am Doctor Evans, your blood pressure is alarmingly high, let us see if we can get it back down, hmm?” the man states as he pushes some sort of medicine into the port in Sherlock’s hand.
“Sherlock we’re married” I blurt out over the fact that we hadn’t killed each other before the short ceremony.
“We will I promise.” I nod and get out and open the door to 221 b. All I wanted right now was Sherlock and sleep. It was a long day and I hoped my object of affection wasn’t spoiling for a fight.
Gregory Lestrade, a detective inspector of the Scotland Yard has known Sherlock since he found him a few years out of university strung out and mumbling about a crime scene he had came upon that he had managed to solve quicker than anyone he had ever known. He had watched Sherlock struggle to get clean the more he wanted to participate in the crime scenes, he watched as he was finally sober for six months, and saw the aftermath of the most recent suspect’s take down and swing of a chunk of metal against Sherlocks head. He had became involved romantically with Mycroft Holmes after the first time that he had followed Sherlock to an emergency room and had to suffer the consequences of Sherlock’s disgust at his calling his brother as next of kin. It was all worth it in the end, saving of the commonwealth, the love of a man, seeing Sherlock sober. The memory loss though, it was worrisome, would Sherlock lose his abilities? Greg had to know, and that is what brought him to the hospital that day.
I open the phone to see who has decided to wake us on this lazy morning. But the phone is again ringing before I can look.
“Sherlock?” I call to get his attention and he looks up with a scowl. I tap the watch face and point at Gregory, “May I?”
My god. I haven’t thought that at all, I’ve only seen the mother/son relationship. As always my wonderful partner has seen a deeper connection of the innocent children’s movie and our relationship.  I inhale shakily and exhale.
“Making some for me?” John’s voice mumbles closer than I expected. I can sense he is within a metre of where I am standing, it is too close.
John went to work. The texts stopped. He felt a sense of relief. He began to lose the cold fear of losing his job. Things got easier and better with every day that passed.
John takes a moment to answer Sherlock with something he hasn’t already heard by his doctor and his therapist. He listens to Sherlock take several deep breaths in and out and just rubs his shoulder with his thumb.  He glances at the chemicals bubbling on the floor all of the shattered glass and the now broken equipment and sighs. He says what he thinks he would want someone to say to him if he was in Sherlock’s predicament.
“I’m not his date.” John blurts averting his eyes.  Sherlock who notices everything makes an attempt to explain.
“Well Sherlock, most people don’t know that seizures can cause amnesia, but the officer you were working with did call you the greatest mind of London. Now are you up to see your brother?”
“Ok Sherlock, but we’re gonna have a sprinkler system installed before you can burn this place to the ground” I sniff pushing him off of me.
“Sherlock!!” he yells. Ooops there it was my unfettered brain blurted something I only thought. Here it comes, the fiery Scottish anger and slamming of doors. He hauls me off the couch and drags me into the direction of the bedroom. I don’t care. He was here.
“Sorry, Greg, you know memory issues.” Sherlock smirks gesturing to his head, “Thank you for visiting and helping me fill in some of my gaps. Mycroft has been reluctant.”
” Sherlock grins over his shoulder and then sits, “if there is bicarbonate in one of the cabinets, it will help clean up the spills. Sorry about that.”
“I don’t know if...what?” Sherlock stumbles feeling the peaks of his ears heat up and ducks his head.
At this he finally turns towards me, his face is paler than normal and his marvelous hands are shaking.
John follows Sherlock quietly up the stair where unit B must be. John’s heart begins to beat frantically with worry over what Sherlock’s reaction might be and to what he might learn about the man who’s rather ample bottom John is trying to avoid staring at. Sherlock stops at the landing before the door that is marked with a faded yellow B.
“The file on my brother, about his life before his current head injury. I think that once you read it you will have a better understanding of who my brother truly is, not this shell of a man who has been lounging around my spare bedroom. You see Doctor Watson, my brother is not someone who bothers with friends or…attachments” Mycroft smirks.
“Anything Sherlock. We either sleep, and only sleep. Or we don’t. I’m rather hoping for the second option, but if you’re tired...hfmffs” John has to stop when Sherlock grabs him by his coat collar into another kiss.
“He has his reasons. How is catching up on world history going?” Greg gestures to the laptop and pile of newspapers.
“Listen, we love each other and have chosen a life together. I would hope to think that you’ve made sacrifices to be with me and I’ve made many for you. But this...us talking about it will only make things unbearably painful for me and I know how my emotions amuse and irritate you so please. I’d rather ignore this discussion altogether” I huff not being able to do this without breaking down and I make a move to stand.
“Mr. Holmes I don’t know exactly how you managed that, neither do I want to. I will do my best to distance myself from your brother,” John says standing as tall as he can, “may I ask why you don’t want him returning home?”
“Why do you have the gun john? You don’t give off the air of a suicidal person. I can’t figure it out and I need you to tell me.” Sherlock scowls at him.
I had given Sherlock the responsibility of narrowing down which of the many adoption agencies we would be applying.  There were so many with so many different angles and criteria it had made my frantic with possibilities. Passing it on to Sherlock allowed the rabid researcher a project that wouldn’t involve smearing viscera all over the countertop when I was working at the office and he was without a case.
“Doctor Watson, take care of my friend. A candle for the table much more romantic.” Angelo says sweeping away.
“Well John you are after all one of my few friends. I haven’t seen you for at least a week. You’ve been terribly bored without me.” Sherlock says stealing the crust off of John’s plate and taking a large bite and returning it to the plate.
“Ok, good that’s good, doing something familiar. Did you remember something? Is that what happened?” John asks his mouth turned down with concern.
“No need for thank you, we both want this. We’re doing it together. ” Sherlock says closing the distance again and kissing me softly, “So ready for breakfast?, I’m in a celebratory mood”
“We’ve been making a lot of needed changes to our life to open our lives to a child. We’ve bought a small home with a garden, Sherlock has stopped smoking, we’ve got many people who care about us around to help with things we need and help keeping us safe including Gregory here. Your child would be safe and loved if you were to allow us to adopt him or her. I hope … I hope…” and I can’t continue the stress of it all and the longing for acceptance overtake me and the tears begin to fall. Sherlock arm wraps around my waist and pulls me close.
“John, listen I thought Sherlock was ready to come active cases again. I told those two about what had happened. They didn’t listen, they really aren’t bad people. Sherlock just has, in a word, annoyed them.”
Something woke me from my kip on the sofa. The phone was the first check.  Three missed calls from Lestrade. Oops I think…
John just watches as Sherlock pulls on his jacket and is almost out the door before he turns, “This is my way of saying I need you too.” with a wink and out the door.
Here is my card. Call me if you feel overwhelmed. Should I send his things over?” Mycroft said handing over his card with a smirk.
“It isn’t anyones fault but hers.   She changed her mind!  She fell in love with her own child. Christ John don’t you think this is just as hard for me or do you hold the only claim on sadness and loss in this relationship of ours” Sherlock chokes out, tears on his cheeks , and grabs something out from behind the bookcase.
“Sherlock. You’ve always exaggerated. I merely hold a minor position in the government. As far as the relationship Gregory and I share,  I have found someone that I enjoy spending time with when I am not working. Our schedules are erratic enough to not anger each other. I will admit that I was wrong when I told you that loving someone is a deficit” Mycroft says sitting down in the chair.
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.” Greg states slightly out of breath completely ignoring John who is watching with interest.
“I just want you to be safe and happy Sherlock. When you do things like wandering off, your brother comes down hard on me and I will not allow your se;flishness ruin the best thing that has happened to me in a long time. I won’t. So fucking grow up and text me, call me, instant message me when you go somewhere so I’m not worrying that you are high in a flophouse or dead in the river. Please.” Greg mumbles  and Sherlock can’t miss the sadness in his friend’s eyes.
“We’ve got better meds than that now. It will grow back don’t worry. Now a couple more questions” John presses on.
“Open the door Sherlock. I am merely being polite by knocking.” Mycroft sighs waving a hand at the door viewer. Sherlock opens the door and walks back to sit at the small kitchen table.  Mycroft wanders in and glances around at John’s neat apartment. Eyeing the unmade pile of blankets and pillows on the couch.
“He didn’t figure out that it is gone? And if he keeping tabs on you won’t he know that you’re at your apartment?” John asks tiredly, he knows this can go wrong in so many ways.
I couldn’t fight the wobble of my voice at the end of that little speech. Begging with my eyes that it would finally sink in and Sherlock would understand.
“Alcohol is not going to help avoid this discussion...John?” Sherlock calls trying to catch up with me.
“It’s real now John. It’s all very real now don’t you see it. This is terrifying, how do people do this?” Sherlock exhales shakily grabbing my face.
“Of course John, I am very sorry. It was nothing.” Sherlock mumbles and continues his pacing down the long hallway between his room and the staircase.
Again the poor nurse can’t help but blush again and twist the end of her braid, she giggles and says, “Yes I know him, let me see. I could have him paged, to see if he is available?”
Sherlock was not the only person that Mycroft apologized to on that day.   He opened the door to John’s office without knocking.
“We have to get your core warm Sherlock before you go into shock. I’m going to pull this on over your legs and then you’re going to sit on my lap. If you make one more ill-advised quip, I will make you call and tell your mother.” John says getting them both situated on a snowless part of the grass.
“Baby boy...let’s go...back to your bed.” I hum against his tightly coiled form. Our son doesn’t stir as I put him down quietly. When I turn back to Sherlock and our dark curly-haired daughter her eyes are wide and a chubby arm reaches for me without a peep.  My husband has drifted back to sleep as I gently lift her out of his arms and out to the living room.  I put her down in the pack and play and return with a blanket to cover Sherlock so he’d be somewhat comfortable on the floor of their room.  I return to the kitchen and begin preparing their bottles. Eloise is cooing softly as I work and I savor the quiet morning.  I turn on the baby monitor to see when our son would begin to awaken again.  I have one bottle ready and pick up Eloise and give her the bottle and she suckles contentedly.  I walk back to their room and sit in the rocker and watch Sherlock and our son.  Both of them are huffing quietly in their sleep. I rock our daughter gently and wonder what our future would bring.  Suddenly Alexander is squalling loudly and Sherlock jumps up to pick him up from the crib and begins rocking him slowly.
Mrs. Hudson looks between the two men and nods. “Of course dear. Just let me know if you are returning permanently, with or without a guest.” She winks and quietly leaves and shuts the door.
“It’s either that, someone from my homeless network, or straight to surrogacy. I’ve done the research John. I am not being flippant here” Sherlock tone changes from seductive to combative and he moves to sit up looking like I’ve slapped him.
“Hey Sherlock, lets try to keep your blood pressure down. Mr. Holmes why don’t we let your brother rest and you can finish your visit tomorrow?” John says standing between Mycroft and Sherlock. Mycroft’s eyes dart between the doctor and his brother and he nods.
It was the officer that was involved with Sherlock’s brother.  The man looked like he was celebrating something with a bunch of friends.  When two men’s eyes met the officer waved him over and John reluctantly hobbled over to him.
my brother” Sherlock immediately blurts from his curled form on the couch. Piles of paper are scattered on the cushions and on the table.  I catch him tucking something behind the couch cushion.
“Believe it or not brother, it distresses me to see you in pain.” Mycroft follows to stand in front of his brother who was flopped sideways with his back to him.
“Mate...hmm...can  you hear me?” John asks rubbing his knuckles over the man’s sternum hoping to rouse him with a pain response.  There is nothing. His heartbeat is slow but regular, breaths sluggish. John tries again the pressure on the man’s sternum harder. “Come on…” he mutters and a labored gasp emits from the man.
“I care about him too Mycroft, don’t you dare think otherwise. THIS is not my fault.  I’ll  go find the man who almost ended the greatest mind of London.” the man hissed.
“This was the room where we began. I was about to make a calculated risk and you killed someone for me, and you knew me less than 24 hours. It was the moment I knew we were meant to be together” he says slowly still not turning around.
“The dog. Take him to to. Vett. I’mmm fffiine” Sherlock says as the medics pull him off of John and blankets are thrown over shoulders.  John blinks helplessly at Sherlock as he is on a stretcher and in the back before he can process the request or the questions being asked.
“Doctor Watson I was expecting after Gregory’s call that Sherlock would disappear. That he would find a way to find drugs and use. He didn’t.  He came home, he ate a full dinner without any prodding, and spent several hours playing his violin. He even said goodnight to me and went to bed at a decent hour. I take that as a small victory. Frankly threatening you has done nothing to sever the connection to each other.” Mycroft hums.
“You feel like your heart has been ripped from your chest and you’re left with a sucking wound?” he blinks at me.
John and Angelo watch side by side as Sherlock weaves through the crowd and street in the direction of a cab that is waiting on the curb across the street and begins banging on the window. Neither can hear what he is saying.
I pack my bag to leave and say goodnight to everyone and make my way to the street. A block before the tube station an all too familiar black sedan pulls beside me. The window lowers and Mycroft’s sneering face appears.
“I could help John. I’m quite eager for nieces or nephews. Children are fascinating creatures” he spits back.
“Right, and utter cocks. Sherlock Holmes you are better, more brilliant, and more pleasant than those two. You can be a bit off putting at times but, do you want me to have another psych eval to prove it to you? To prove that I am right about you?” John asks
“What is going on Sherlock you’ve been more than intolerant of me all damn day. Did I do something offensive to you to be so angry
“Nothing! Its blank, I think...I think I was afraid?!” Sherlock blurts clutching the sheets in pain. It is if his body is remembering something his mind can’t.
Out of the corner of John’s eye a tall figure with moppy black hair was stomping his way down the sidewalk. He perked up when he saw that was in fact Sherlock that was walking by his  favorite place for lunch. I gently tapped on the glass as he neared and he stopped smiled widely. He came inside and walked towards John.
“Of course, no one would believe me anyway” he laughs and I join him in laughing much to Sherlock’s annoyance.
“Wow...really?.... what brought that on, Sherlock is not the traditional type, nor did I think he’d ever get within 50 metres of a wedding ever again after your last one.”
“John, how could you let him do this?” Gregory growls through gritted teeth turning toward John and entering his personal space. As he let go of Mycroft John watched the elder Holmes stalk towards his brother.
“Sherlock please” I gasp, my face crumpling and I take my head in my hands. This was going to wreck everything we had built, I’d lose him or he would force me to leave.
“Mr. Holmes what can I do for you today?” asked with a huff folding his hands and giving an awkward smile.
“How bout I answer them now. My name Sherlock Holmes I believe my age to be 19 but in actuality I am currently 38, I retain most of my factual knowledge, but my personal knowledge and any personal and historical events of the last 19 years are gone.  The last thing I remember clearly is that I had a chemistry exam and I was on the way to take it. Question, do we still have troops in Iraq, or is your tan from Yugoslavia?” Sherlock enumerates holding eye contact with John.
“Also I have things if you want to box anything up, you know if all of this,” John gestures towards the books and papers piled everywhere, “is upsetting for you.
John will never understand why he is here in a overly cheerful vets office waiting on a dog that wasn’t his instead of being with the man he loved. Logically he knew that Sherlock would be alright, what he honestly didn’t know why he had reacted that way as the were walking past the pond on the way to question a suspect.  Sherlock had been in the middle of sentence about why old books smell the way the do when he had bolted towards the pond.  Without a word he had flung off his coat and made his way towards the dog.  They had never discussed getting a pet, avoided them in the park, ignored John when he would rub dogs ears, sneered at Molly’s stories about her cat.
“Of course.” John can’t help the snicker. Like he could get his flatmate to do anything he didn’t want to do.  He turns to chase the man down.
“It is intolerable the way they both keep tabs on me. I’ve finally managed to get the key to my flat away from Mycroft.” Sherlock nods.
“What does what you’re wearing have on her liking you? She should like you no matter what you wear. Go change if you want we got...uhm ten minutes before we really get going.  Sher..” and I’m stopped by his lips on mine and arms around me.
“He’s currently somewhere out of the country for an unknown amount of time. Lestrade is easier to distract now that all I have to do is tell him I’m with you and he just nods.  He’s not very good at figuring out when I lie.” Sherlock smiles proudly.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock and tries his best not to panic as he wills the sound of sirens to sound closer.  He couldn’t keep doing this to him, he can’t lose Sherlock again. He was still shaking but not as violent as he when John had hauled him and that blasted dog out of the pond.
“If you would feel better sleeping on my couch and wouldn’t mind me possibly waking you up at 5:30 in the morning I don’t see why you couldn’t be my guest for the night.”
Hours later as he wondering what he is going to find when he returns home, how he can handle Sherlock lazing around his apartment again, smelling of his soap when his day dream is interrupted by his text alert. He smiles.
“Not humanly possible. I just know you, every shade of your hair, every wrinkle on your face, every scar on your body. You John are my perfect mystery and I learn more of you every day”
John shifts to sit at the nurses station, a flush at his ears everytime he has to rest his leg. The nurses never comment, they just shift their things wordlessly and let him. The kind, quiet man is one of their favorite doctors they work with, they want to keep him happy. He’s reading through the admission paperwork to determine what brought the man with the head injury, half a squad of yarders, and the overly dressed brother. His patient is currently in imaging receiving not only a head CT but a MRI as well.
“Doctor Watson, my brother has had many issues over the years as you have observed by the scars. I am going to do the best to avoid him reverting to those behaviors. As much as I might want him to remember the marvelous things that he has learned over the years, his demons that he has not met yet, are an all too different thing. Good day Doctor Watson”  Mycroft grumbles.
This chapter was really hard for me. I struggled with using info and dialogue from the episodes without bogging everything down with rehashing. That being said I added some info to fill some holes for myself, like how did Sherlock know what was going on during the press conference, and I personally feel that after the pilot - Study in Pink, Sherlock and John if not banged, made out like teenagers.  So, that being said, next chapter will sort of slide into Blind Banker, but with a twist. The next update will be again, long in coming since I have ideas, but haven't written a word.
Bringing the pain in this one. John throws a beaker at Sherlock so if that bothers you you can skip the section that begins with...I stand in our living room.
With that though there was no more from Sherlock and John made his the dreaded call he had gotten sufficiently drunk enough for, the hangover was more than enough punishment for what he was going to do. He called Sarah and told her that he was sorry that he didn’t want to string her along and they shouldn’t be together anymore. Sarah took it well, admitting that they were more like brother and sister than lovers. They reassured each other that it wouldn’t be awkward, but knowing it was lies. Silently agreeing to avoid each other.
“Ah Mr. Holmes it is good to see you awake, are you going to be polite this time?” John asks with a smile.
“John must you be so stubborn right now. We have work here that is all you need to know right now. When we get to where we are going I will share the information I think you need to know.” he growls pulling his arm ruffly away. I watch him stomp away for a bit, then follow. I follow him at a distance and watch him turn into a classroom. When I step into the room it is empty save for several familiar items on the table. Notepads and pens, and two glass bottles with pink pills inside.
“I was going to say you looked wonderful. Weird but wonderful...dare I say cuddly?” I smirk at him as I walk towards him reaching for softness of the sweater.  Sherlock bats my hands away with a show of teeth.
“I was bored. I need your help with something, also you are out of sugar.” Sherlock sighs eyes closed, hands crossed over his stomach. John notes that Sherlock has also made himself at home with a a cup of tea.
When John returned to work next he was studying some lab results in a shared office space when there was a tap on the door frame. He looked up to see Mycroft Holmes.
“John? How she was in the middle of her living room, her home locked,  she wasn’t in the bath. It isn’t possible!” Sherlock shouts.
“Read it when I was seven.” Sherlock says finally standing up from the tub and wrapping himself in a towel.
“I won’t lie to you. I was a bit caught up in my wedding and impending fatherhood. Sorry about that”
Sherlock stares at John. No acknowledgment of what it took for John to say those words, to physically admit that he was so undone by what the other man would have done for him.
“I went with Greg to his office. He took me on a tour, showed me the various developments in crime solving and introduced me to his staff. I was looking forward to seeing the forensics unit and Gregory said he could make arrangements for me to use it if I needed. Then one of the Sergeants a woman, Donovan?, who must have known me because she was immediately angry at my presence. She...” Sherlock starts and drops his head and more tears spill down his chin.
“Doctor Watson my brother has made more enemies than friends over the years and has viewed me as his arch enemy for longer than I remember. Yet he is my only living brother and I do care about his welfare, and yours for that matter. You need to read this.” Mycroft’s demeanor stiffens as he places a manilla folder in front of John.
“So, uherm, here we are.” Sherlock says with a shaky grin. He puts the key into the lock and slowly swings the door into the apartment.
“I think Mycroft might be open to the idea that you are good for his brother.” Lestrade says gesturing with his glass.
When he had decided to propose, he bought a modestly priced ring, made reservations, tailored a suit, and wrote out a speech.  When Mary had gone to the loo he ordered any sort of carbonated wine beverage that he thought might impress her, not paying any attention to the French accented waiter.
Sherlock’s hand finds the back of my neck and squeezes lightly as he turns to retrieve the computer.  I begin my study of the directions and begin working on the crib. I hear Sherlock return and settle onto the floor. I hear the familiar music begin and wait for the questions and outbursts.
“Forget the damn dog Sherlock” John admonishes pulling his sweater over his head leaving himself in only a shirt. Beneath his dripping curls he has the nerve to scowl at John as he unclasps his belt.
“What is it John? I said I’d sign the thank you cards when I was done?!” he calls from the bottom of the basement stairs not coming
“Well I’ve removed the EEG sensors since he is not exhibited any further seizure activity. His stitches are due to come out tomorrow. I am concerned by, as Sherlock has described, the ‘persistent ache duller than C-SPAN’” a loud chuckle emits from Sherlock and he looks fondly at his doctor and John smirks at him, “I’d like to see him stay for two more days.”
“I want to suspect the husband, but he was in America at the time” Sherlock continues his hands running through his curls.
“I was paged” a rather frazzled looking John Watson approaches the desk, “I don’t have any patients on this floor anymore” he is completely oblivious to Sherlock who has draped himself over the counter of the nurses station.
“No trouble there Mr. Holmes. I always maintain professional conduct and not that it is any of your business, but I have a girlfriend.” John says standing as tall as he can.
“So what is it this time Mycroft? it is rather late for the ‘hurt my brother and I will end you’ speech” I sigh
“Why have I been assigned a new doctor?” Sherlock rolls his eyes at the arrival of his newfound nemisis.
“We could but, Eloise has been the instigator...she might need to stay here against me. Grab Alexander he might sleep in the bed” he whispers gesturing to our light haired son curled under his chin.
I complete my morning routine and make tea for the two of us and place Sherlock’s at his elbow.  I settle into my chair with the paper and read half heartedly as I know the confrontation will be coming.  Sherlock looks at me expectantly and I ask absently,
“Well we’ve talked about that and we agreed that we would have to be exceptionally cautious about which cases we’d take and who we’d work with. I would be keeping my hours at the clinic and Sherlock has seriously considered teaching classes at the police academy” I state nervously.
“Oh god no. I’m sorry I bother you with this, crying like a bullied schoolboy,” a shuddering inhale and exhale comes from the lips of Sherlock. He rubs his face and ruffles his hair and finally looks into the eyes of his former doctor, “thank you John. I didn’t know where to go. I should go now.”
“Well I know that you wouldn’t dare enter into a relationship with Sherlock unless it was serious. No, this is about the new element that has entered the equation” he states tapping the handle of his ever present umbrella.
I hope to continue this story in the next couple of months. So subscribe to the series and we'll see how this all plays out.
“You enter this friendship with Sherlock uniformed and it will most likely end in agony for the both of you. Don’t you think that my brother has gone through enough?” Mycroft states leaning forward, his knuckles white on the handle of his umbrella. John takes a moment to consider the file and how it would affect how he would consider Sherlock. “Doctor Watson?”
“He needed me Gregory, I came.” John says with a shrug of shoulders keeping an eye on Sherlock. Sherlock’s body language still one of a scolded child.
“Dr. Watson I am quite aware that my brother has been quite unhappy when you were removed as his doctor. After yesterday I have come to the conclusion that you are not as harmful as I first assessed. I worry though that the same cannot be said of my brother.”
“Something’s gone wrong.” John blurts reaching for his coat as he watches the cab pull away.  He runs past Angelo shaking his head.
“You knew this would happen. You read something in her that you didn’t tell me. You fucking asshole! Why did you do this to us?” I fling at him prodding a finger into his chest.
“I am, I did try and find you here. My face must be on some mass email and posted. I was quite out of control.” Sherlock shrugs, his cheeks pinking.
“He came to see me Greg. I didn’t contact him, please don’t tell Mycroft.” John states nervously forgetting his brave resolve of earlier.
“Let your brother decide what he wants. We don’t want to hurt Sherlock unnecessarily.” John says standing as Mycroft does.
“Oh seriously, My brother, in a relationship, with you. He doesn’t like people. Don’t I have my own place? I am an adult” Sherlock growls and crosses his arms.
“Not forcing me. I was getting so damn bored being babysat by Mycroft and his assistants.  I wanted to go if not only to escape my brother for a bit. I was feeling better getting back to something normal that I did. The former cases were challenging and I trying an active case would make me even happier. I asked to go with him.”  Sherlock says still taking shuddering breaths in and out.
“Well imagine young Sherlock having no friends, but one. We had an Irish Setter that Sherlock named of all things, Redbeard.”
“Listen I don’t think you have to go that far. Ever since Sherlock left rehab, Mycroft and I developed a system to make sure he didn’t use again. Whenever we thought he had been triggered we’d tell the other that Sherlock was having a
Sherlock and John enter in a mishmash of pilot A Study in Pink / and aired A Study in Pink.  They also decide what they want.
“Those alleged suicides aren’t suicides.  I have discovered over the last several months that Gregory and his team are often times quite incompetent.  They shouldn’t be spreading false information to the public.” he smirks and swings out of the door.
The last day of his time away from the hospital he turned his phone back on and felt an immediate sense of dread.
“Sherlock? can you hear me?” he asks again, and check his pupil response. Nothing has changed and he pulls the gurney towards the elevators that will take him to neuro.
“Shhhh…..John don’t think about it as my money but our money, our future children's money” Sherlock barks throwing his hands up
“I should but I can’t. You have a website, you earn money that way. Private consulting.” Greg says his head dropping in embarrassment.
Several days later finds John sleepily opening the door to his flat.  The day had been long and mind numbing. Too much paperwork, too many stupid weekend injuries.
“You say that now, but if I were a woman you wouldn’t have to worry about all of this” he gestures weakly to the pile of print outs on the coffee table.
“Exactly my concern.  Have you ever wondered why he lost precisely 19 years, not 5 years, not just weeks? Or he can’t remember any relationship he has developed but can remember information and facts?” Mycroft asks.
“Still cute and gender neutral Sherlock. Ok where’d that allen wrench fly off to?” I say turning away to retrieve it.
“Dearest” I murmur as I walk to take jeans out of a drawer, “Please put some trousers on that fit you properly. I don’t want the first impression to our daughter to be you in ill fitting pajama bottoms”
I incorporated a lot of cannon dialogue, which bothers me, but it is my first endeavor into canon Sherlock, I felt the writer's dialogue was needed. I don't own this or make money from this, forgive me.
“Call neuro for a full CT head scan.” John barks. He tests his other reflexes to see if there is any damage to the spinal column.
So a bit of pseudo-science. I know that amnesia doesn't really work the way I describe it here. Also not beta'd, all mistakes are mine.
“Sorry just processing the fact that someone has a file on their own brother.” John says picking the folder up,keeping it closed.
“Breathing exercises. Then a quick jog around the block, then bed, it’s, shit 1:30 am, go to bed Sherlock.” John blurts as he notices the time.
You’ve enraptured about 90% of the nursing staff. Men included. It wasn’t difficult to flirt it out of someone. SH
“John all I have heard for the last month or so was John Watson this and my former doctor that. Sherlock has talked to me more about anything and everything that he is feeling and thinking that he has in total since we met.  He told me that he is lonely, that he asked his current doctor for antidepressants, he’s hurting John.” Greg stares into his glass
“Sherlock. Perhaps some real clothes would do slightly better than that” I giggle gesturing to the closet and back at his legs.
“Well after last night...maybe” he smirks at me. I lean down and fill the space between the couch and his body and kiss him. He pulls me close and I close my eyes and ask.
“This matters to me, this room, this day. I love you and...we are on the road to having a family...John I’m not good at this at all, not like you” he fumbles with something in one his coats massive pockets.
With a sigh and eyes that have become fascinated with a fixed point on the carpet, “I have that gun because when I came back from Afghanistan, I had a job, a string of boring boyfriends and girlfriends, nightmares,  a bloody limp, dead parents, an alcoholic sister, a terrible therapist, and possibly the most boring blog on the planet. The gun is what reminds me of the only thing I have left to lose.” John huffs near choking on his misery and mortification.
“Sherlock Holmes” he says sneaking a look at pager list to see if he can just page his doctor himself any time he wants.
“Elephants John...it’s just so much gray” Sherlock grimaces in the way I find endearing. I snort laugh and pull away.
“ahh friendship is what we’re calling it now. I should expect the happy announcement at the end of the week. Good day John. Do keep in touch.”
“It would be better if he is in his own home, around his neighborhood, with his own belongings. I am sure Sherlock would have related that to his brother” John interrupts and managing to peel off the sensor in one quick flick of his fingers.
“Well that was quite unnecessary” Sherlock grumbles pushing through the door into our newish home tugging at the knot of his tie.
“Mycroft, why don’t you just get to the point? I have a lot of work to do and patients to look after.” John grumbles from his desk.
“What? I can’t even begin to understand why you think it is ok to one. break into my flat and two, go through my things.” John says stomping closer to Sherlock still spread over his couch.
“I know it’s fine. Clearly you’re bisexual despite bringing no men and very few women home.” Sherlock squints somewhere behind John’s head, “I asked him, though,  and he said that I never came here with anyone.” Sherlock states eyes lowering to the silverware then back up to the mirror behind John’s head.  John doesn’t miss the pinking of Sherlock’s cheeks and rewards himself with a pointed look at Sherlock’s open collar and a lick of his own lips.
“I am the leading expert in neurology, I have written several articles about seizure activity and memory loss, I assure you I am the best in my field and  we will get that brain of yours working properly again” Doctor Evans mutters.
“Sherlock, I’ll text you if I can. I don’t want to keep your hopes up if I can’t.  Seriously people need to drive carefully and wash their hands, then I could guarantee a good long lunch with you. Please don’t show up here at the hospital either, you’ll just get sick yourself or distract me”
“No seizures, head still hurts, but ignorable. I’m hungry all of the time and I’m overwhelmed by the time that I have lost” Sherlock sighs gesturing to the laptop and the magazines. Mycroft notes the weariness in his brother.
“Really that is a possibility? Jesus,” John says nervously, “Ok then.  Two people that you knew before your accident called you names and were generally unpleasant. What does that tell you about them?”
“Sooner I get these off of you, the sooner we can schedule your release.” John says with a smile, “and the quicker you can get some real food into you like you’ve been whining about. Remember best fish and chips are from Gig’s” John says deftly removing the other sensor.  He misses the surprise on Lestrade’s face.
John stares at the file. He snatches up angrily and shoves it in a desk drawer underneath pharmaceutical pamphlets and samples. He couldn’t bear to shred it, something niggled in the back of his brain, shouting at him to read the file.
“Sherlock? what’s going on. Sit please.” John says quietly and sitting Sherlock down on the edge of the bed.
“You need to understand the person you are dealing with. This is why I wanted you to read the file I gave you Doctor Watson. ”
“Sit and shut it. Your brother explicitly threatened my job if I had any further interactions with you. We can’t talk or visit and I bloody well can’t give you my phone number. I have a girlfriend. Please Sherlock, I’m sorry but.”
“You’re suffering from PTSD as well as depression.” Sherlock pauses to narrow his eyes at John in concentration, “even though you haven’t opened the drawer in several weeks. You’ve been distracted by something or someone? Have you broken up with your quote unquote girlfriend?”
“I’m so sorry John for everything I said and did. I wanted this so much. Please forgive me, I need you to forgive me.” He whispers against my head.
“Not really your concern anymore John. Call Mary, she’ll be worried of course” I say turning around handing him the mug of tea and retreating to my shower. I try to scrub away the stain of my embarrassment, the stain of shame. John was just my friend, he would never feel the same way I felt about him. Stupid stupid stupid. I stay under the spray til the water runs cold and I shiver into my pajama pants, shirt, and dressing gown. Hopefully John was gone, and it would all be over.
“Shut up John. I’m trying to look normal...make a good impression” Sherlocks grumbles pulling at the hem of the beautiful sweater that matched the color of his eyes when it was a rare sunny day.
“You feel it too? We lost her...she’s gone…We named her Sherlock she had a name!” I sob and cling to his side.  Sherlock is quietly holding me tight rubbing his thumb at the skin on my back.
“Apparently my brother has become quite attached to you. I do not entirely disapprove.” Mycroft smiles weakly then continues, “So will my brother be spending another night on your couch? Making you toast?”
“John, I need you” Sherlock mutters rolling over with his back away to John and closing his eyes.  John watches him curled against the bed. He misses their conversations, he mourns the loss that distancing himself from Sherlock causes. John can’t help himself and asks,
“Sherlock I’m sorry I know you’re frustrated by this. I don’t doubt that. Why don’t we tackle moving house first and revisit the baby search then. Maybe some random neighborhood teenager will get knocked up and fall into our laps.” I whisper my heart clenching at my partner’s unguarded sadness and frustration.
John and the other two men quickly move to the kitchen threshold and freeze. Sherlock had upended the entire table, chemicals, equipment, and all. It had caused the smaller raised table to topple over as well causing all of the lab glassware to shatter. Sherlock was slumped against the cabinets, head in shaking hands, the room silent except for his labored breathing.
John couldn’t comprehend what he was seeing. Sherlock slumped in a chair casually bringing a pill of unknown content up to his lips. Sitting across from the cab driver who was pointing a gun.  The decision was made as the pill was centimeters away from Sherlock’s mouth.  The gun was the bottom of the Thames and John was back to watching from a distance Sherlock talk to Gregory.  When suddenly they made eye contact and Sherlock walked towards him.
“Don’t think I didn’t see the look on your face after Mary pulled me away. I saw that lost look of yours looking for someone to dance with.” I say giving him a squeeze.
I apologize to everyone who has subscribed and waited patiently for an update. I grovel at the feet of
“Thank you, but I don’t know who you are but you work in the morgue, have several cats, and may or may not be my girlfriend by the flush of your cheeks. I’m feeling fine by the way” Sherlock says staring at her curiously.  Lestrade watches in amusement, he has seen how Sherlock has treated Molly in the past and has always thought it was terrible. To see Sherlock’s reaction to Molly as one of curiosity instead of annoyance was a happy change.
“Consider this a warning, he is my patient, call security the next time you see him out of his boundaries. I happen to know his brother quite well Doctor Watson. I’d like to see you continue to work here. You show promise and I’d hate to see you come undone over an obnoxious patient and a silly crush” Doctor Evans declares.
“Good well. You’ll be released two day from now your stitches are healing properly and the lack of seizure activity is grounds for release. Let’s get you up,” Doctor Evans says lowering the bed rail and helping Sherlock to his feet. He has Sherlock take several steps, “Good you’re physically you are fine, despite the surges in your blood pressure.  Why don’t we get started on the mind.  What is the last thing you remember Mr. Holmes?” Evans asks after settling a seething Sherlock back on the bed.
“It’s Greg. Yes well the whole deduction thing you do doesn’t always come across as pleasant, but apologies go a long way.” Greg smiles kindly at Sherlock a hand placed on his shoulder in comfort.
“Well, fewer than I expected. I am gathering I became more of an asshole than I was when I was nineteen. I mean I know I should have friends.” Sherlock states gesticulating wildly.
“Why circus elephants John? You’ve been very insistent” Sherlock grumbles over the pieces of the crib that he is attempting to put together. It’s been a game much like trying to figure out my middle name and it is driving my husband around the bend. I know he will only find it silly and I don’t want him to take it away from me.
“Why am I going home to your and Greg’s home and not my own. I should be able to take care of myself. John,” Mycroft arches a brow at his brother’s slip, “I mean Doctor Watson said I should be around my own things and my own neighborhood” Sherlock grumbles.
“You get that from when you were in Afghanistan. The need to protect and to do what is right. You’re limp is psychosomatic but it stops when you are talking to or taking care of me. I’m guessing a possible upper cervical injury by the tremor in you hands, but can’t tell since neck and back issues are common with people on their feet all day everyday.  You’re kind to your fellow doctors and nurses, but they bore you tears. Are you sure you don’t need me? Grey by the way.” Sherlock rattles off slowly and calmly. His eyes never leave the form of John Watson. John takes a deep breath, roll his shoulders, and turns to the nurse that Sherlock had been manipulating.
“You’re brother mentioned that you have been clean for six months. We ran a blood panel to confirm, and we will try to steer clear of opiates. Now do you feel any pain anywhere else, your back, joints?” John asks taking a note of Sherlock’s body language.
How was even going to end that sentence he didn’t know and that really worried him.  He makes his way to throw up in the bathroom and cleans himself up.  As he is pulling on his clothes he hears the text message noise and picks up his phone.
“GO. He was doing perfectly fine until you two showed up. Go away.” John says picking his way backward toward Sherlock.
Mycroft took a deep breath in and out and said, “Read the file John. If not for your own benefit but my brother’s.”
“It’s a cartoon Sherlock for children and yes our child will watch cartoons. You know when you lose your mother at a young age you tend to remember things about her that stick with you forever. Those small things she did to comfort you. Well like a lot of those types of movies there were songs and one of them was a lullaby the mother elephant sang to her child before she was taken away. My mother used to sing it to us when we had nightmares or were sick. I wanted to pass that on to our child, alright?!” I emphasize with a wave of my hand. I wait for it, I wait for the laughter and the snide remarks.
“Mrs. Hudson, landlady but not your housekeeper. Now who is this handsome man here?” Mrs. Hudson ask pouring two cups of tea and handing the first to John.
“Well I still have my job, my boring blog, and now a really frustrating friendship with a former patient who happens to be the most brilliant man I know even with missing half of his life.” John says looking up finally and meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“Oi...Watson...incoming closed head injury. Male patient...38 years old...mild malnutrition...evidence of past intravenous drug use...assault.” the charge nurse barks in his direction.
“Ahh I see my brother has been by. Well I’ll just wander down to A&E and find him myself” Sherlock huffs turning away from the desk.
He finds the man glaring at another man across the waiting room and catches a growled responsibility..
share the results with me as soon as you have them, and notify me of my brother’s status. Gregory, this is none of your concern go home and take your team with you. You and I will talk of this when I no longer want to end your existance on this earth” Mycroft Holmes scowls at the other man. John takes several steps back as the gray haired man jumps from his chair and leans menacingly towards Sherlock’s brother.
“I’ll get an envelope and we can...” John starts and flinches at the sound of the front door opening below and a thunder of footsteps on the stairwell. The door is flung open by Mycroft, followed by Gregory and an very concerned Mrs. Hudson.
“thhh dddog” Sherlock tries through chattering teeth. John’s mind is racing of how to get Sherlock warm before the ambulance arrives.  He had frantically dialed 999 as he watched Sherlock make his way slowly on his stomach towards the reddish dog that had fallen through the ice.  He knew it would end badly and was ticking through his medical skills to see how he was going to have his deathwish wanting boyfriend survive hypothermia.
After guiltily asking for and getting permission from Mrs. Hudson to allow a dog in the flat, “You’ve done enough damage, what’s a little dog hair.” was her response, John made his way upstairs.
“Sherlock. I could lie to you and tell you that you have a lot of friends and that they are just very busy or that you haven’t alienated almost everyone that you meet, but I would be lying and you would know.” Mycroft sighs. He doesn’t like the look of indignation mixed with hurt that passes over his younger brother’s face. Mycroft would rather hurt his brother himself and suffer the ire sure to come his way than let anyone else hurt him ever again.
John has frozen in place. He was used to the emotional families he had seen over the years. The families he had to tell their loved ones were gone, his comrades in arms’ spouses he had to tell that their soldiers weren’t coming home, but this was different. The greatest mind of London, a brother threatening the life of an officer in the presence of many witnesses. Who was Sherlock Holmes?
“Sherlock, you can do amazing things with that brain of yours. There are few patients of mine that I care to spend more than five minutes with when I’ve treated them, I enjoyed spending time with you more than I should have. You need all the friends that you can get, but I can’t lose this job. You’re right, I’m hanging by a thread here. I’m sorry. I wish all good things for you. Good luck.” John says softly trying to end whatever this is and turning to leave.
“OH GOD why don’t just shut up and get dressed. We’ll miss it!” my husband growl shouts as he tugs the offensive bottoms off and flings open the closet.
“Oh I don’t know. I think that’s quite nice actually. Wanting to be with your family. See, still sentimental” I say walking out the door into the noisy hallway not caring at all.
“Sherlock?! Wait I know him, it’s okay!” John shouted making his way to the men struggling to pull Sherlock back.
After meeting Sherlock Holmes, he felt hope for the first time, a connection, and an overprotective older brother had taken it away from him. Doctor Evans was right it was just a crush on an attractive, brilliant, funny patient. For some reason this person found something in John that he liked as well.  John honestly hadn’t felt this way since he had hit puberty and sex. If he could avoid Sherlock, and Sherlock’s release from the hospital he thought that he could move on.
Gregory Lestrade fills in some gaps and Molly Hooper visits during Sherlock's recovery. John and Sherlock have formed a delicate friendship that Mycroft has no tolerance of.
This question makes Sherlock shudder, he hated that question. It had been asked by every single nurse, Mycroft and Gregory. The question had frustrated and angered Sherlock every single time.  Being asked again by this new doctor set Sherlock on edge.
“Sherlock you have to look at this from my perspective, you are brilliant and attractive and…” he is stopped by Sherlock putting a hand over his mouth.
“This isn’t a date.” John mutters after him.  Turning around he catches a strange look across Sherlock’s face.  As he begins to open his mouth to ask him what is wrong the expression is gone Sherlock growls,
He grew a moustache because he was bored.  He gained weight not running after a consulting detective, he stopped going with Greg or Mike to the pub. He was a new John Watson, free of back story, congeniality winner, boring, stupid, and clawing to get his life back together.
“John you didn’t have to do all of this. I am very sorry that I made your day off into a day of servitude.” Sherlock mumbles unwrapping one the sandwiches and examining the contents.
“I see,” Mycroft says staring at his brother and noticing every behavioral tell and inhales deeply, “by your clenched fists and furrowed eyebrows I can tell you want to ask me something. Ask and I will answer you as well as I can. I do have work to return to at some point.” Mycroft sighs.
“You’re more observant that I thought then, fooled her. Do I smell food?” Sherlock says turning over and sitting up. John nods shaking the bag, and turning towards the kitchen.
“Stating the obvious again John. Just look at your finger if you forget at some point” Sherlock exhales thudding his head down on the back of his chair.
“John” Sherlock says grabbing my wrist and pulling me back down to my chair. His eyes are watery and desperate.
“I have not been staring Sherlock” I lie,  wishing Sherlock wouldn’t be so damn observant all of the time.
“John you many things brave, smart, strong, emotional, and so very wrong” Sherlocks says kneeling down before me bracketing my body with his arms on the chair to bar my escape, “I know you want to be a father. I know that you’d be amazing at it. I never told you that I enjoy children, but you must have seen it at the wedding and how I dealt with Archie.”
John stares at his phone and realizes with a sharp intake of breath that he has. He finally admitted to himself that despite his dating Sarah, and his ‘work friendships’ he was terribly lonely. His former patient was the most exciting thing that had happened to him in ages. He felt a profound connection to Sherlock and he might actually want to be his friend.  Maybe, just maybe he would still want to be John’s friend if he remembered his life.
“Ok, he’s restrained and his vitals are stable.” John checks the eeg tape again to see where his patient’s brain function was at this point. He looked like he was just in a deep restful sleep, “hopefully when he wakes up again it will be for longer. Please alert me if anything changes.”
“I’m not.” Sherlock says taking the pile of garbage and binning it for John. When he returns he stands in front of John expectantly.
“Could you at least look a little elated. I know it’s all fake tantruming but for me alone in our home could you smile at least.” I say twisting the ring on my finger.
“I wasn’t wrong about the nurse either. She does more shagging than work around here” Sherlock smiles at him, eyebrow raised.
“How’d you even…? Just, I have no idea.” John splutters. He was used to Sherlock basically reading his mind, he didn’t think his brother could as well.
“John is no longer afraid of Mycroft, and Mycroft has finally realized that an ex-army doctor that enjoys your company, might just be good for you. Be John’s friend or whatever you want to be with him.  Sherlock, just you know...tell me when you are going to visit him” Greg grumbles.
“My God you’ve gotten fat.” Sherlock blurts. John has to turn away from the two brothers to hide his amusement and fascination with his patient.
“I bought you this instead of a ring, something practical you know...rings later maybe...I” Sherlock says opening the box to reveal a beautiful watch, “it’s inscribed”
Sherlock passes the hours trying to decode his password and research the last nineteen years. It is terrible to see the things that have happened, the terrorism, the wars, the serial killers. It disturbed him more when he googled himself again and saw all of the coverage of his solved crimes. Sherlock had decided that he would study chemistry, but he never quite got to the point of deciding what he would do with the degree. Solving crimes never came into his thought process, the stories of his success made him excited about the possibilities of his life outside of the hospital.  Nurses drifted in, his diabetic doctor did as well without a word and soon he was entirely exhausted without lifting a finger. Sleep found Sherlock eventually and he dreamt for the first time since his accident. Darkness and pain, and tests and Mycroft.
“It needs to build up in you system a bit. You will be feeling better soon Sherlock, I promise.” John says giving a squeeze of his shoulder.
“The potential loss of my brother was more than I could bear. I think I can treat him with kindness since he is probably in quite a lot of pain, for a recovering opiate addict.”
It had been a normal Tuesday, boring, bland, non stressful. No one was recovering from the weekend binge, nobody faking sickness to avoid work, boring, quiet, dull. The sands of Afghanistan were terribly tempting in the quiet hours of a London Tuesday, but the moment of the round exploding in a shoulder, the festering infection, the loneliness of an orphaned son creeps in.
Sherlock was intrigued by the doctor in charge of his care. He was always smiling, yet Sherlock could see the pain and embarrassment over his limping. His doctor always changed the subject when he would be at a loss about a time period that he had forgotten or a name he should have known. Doctor Watson was alway gentle in his touch and in his corrections about who was part of the royal family at the time.  His doctor was the only person who didn’t get annoyed or angry when he didn’t know someone or something. He looked forward to his visits, a calm in the storm.
Short chapter, cause I feel bad for slacking on writing. It's a bit dialog heavy. A nod to those pizza place promo pictures. Also more info about 'secondary drowning' http://www.webmd.com/parenting/news/20140602/dry-drowning-faq
“I asked you to marry me because if you or our children were ever hospitalized and medical decisions needed to be made I need to be able to be there with you and them without question. Although not entirely a sentimental decision, I did it more out of practicality and a selfish need to make our lives easier” he says with a clap of his hands.
“Ah you know, the um medication appears to finally be helping.  My stomach was acting up over it for a while there.“ Sherlock says quietly as he wipes his hands on a napkin.
When Sherlock woke again it was with a hope that John Watson would visit today. He was lonely, angry, sad.  Sherlock decided to get up and out of bed on his own. He wandered the hallways of his floor, only clutching the handrails of the hallways on occasion. The exercise helped clear the cobwebs of his uneasy night. Eventually he tired again and slept, when he woke and it was the afternoon and there was still no John Watson he finally had enough.
“Going to a test. I think I was with someone. I just..it is dark and blank.” Sherlock feeling a familiar anxiety creeping in his chest.
The name change is the first thing that Sherlock sees when he wakes up and immediately hits the call button.  Gloria, his least favorite nurse scowls at him,
“My brother is clean. Has been for six months. No need for narcotics testing. This is work related injury if that all helps.” the overdressed man says quietly.
“This is all your fault. You finally deny that gift of yours when it really fucking mattered! I dared to hope that we would have a child today! We wasted so much time that you could have prevented by using that big brain of yours and telling me!”
“Well enough about you then. On to why I’m actually here.” Sherlock says standing and pacing back and forth.
“Tell me John, you promised, or I’ll be forced to repaint this room in a proper color of my choice” he threatens arms crossed eyes narrowed.
John eyed Sherlock and realized with a huff of laughter, “You somehow figured out where I eat on a regular basis and came looking for me, didn’t you?”
“By my brother’s internet history and the ministrations of our shared family lawyer I would presume that the two of you are preparing to add children to the Watson-Holmes dynamic” he says lips pursed.
“A couple of days. They’ve changed my doctor. I’m not happy about it but, I appear to have no control over my own health or happiness. I wonder when I started liking Indian food, well anything is better than the swill that is served to the recovering” Sherlock states nervously.
“Anything they were related to is either probably solved or gone cold. We could take them down.” Sherlock suggests.
“Information is what I do best John. I know more about you than you think. Trust issues, PTSD, a borderline eating disorder.”  Mycroft smirks.
There it was, he was swept into the world of Sherlock Holmes. Killer cabbies, million pound hairpins, and psychotic bombers.  He agreed to die with Sherlock in that dank swimming pool, he had nothing to lose, nothing to hold him there other than Sherlock and an alcoholic sister who hated him.
“Right. Good night John.” Greg says patting him on the back and returning to his friends. John finds a cab and returns to lonely beige room and collapses only after sending one last daring text.
“I don’t think you truly do. You were right, I don’t want Sherlock to remember. I don’t want him to remember what happened to him, the betrayal that caused him to sever connections to other people.  I don’t want him to remember that he smoked several packs of cigarettes a day, I don’t want him to remember that I had to haul him out of many different seedy flats amongst other strung out addicts. I do not want my brother to realize that he is lonely.  I keep wanting to protect my brother no matter how tedious it may be. If it is wrong to want to protect him, I am very, very wrong.” Mycroft declares in one long breath. His eyes never leave John’s.
“You bastard” John shouts turning a delightful shade of pink. He can’t help the bubble of laughter that comes out of his mouth and Sherlock joins him.
“What have you done to my brother, have you found some illicit substance and drugged him? He never changes his mind.” Sherlock eyes Greg skeptically.
“Go, I will be here.  It is psychosomatic, you need a better therapist” Mycroft mutters rubbing his eyes.
“Shhh,” John says looking around, “Sherlock according to this she had an asthma attack while swimming. Almost drowned. Almost being the key here. She most like inhaled a quantity of water, developed an embolism, and since she made it home, family out of town, she died. Secondary drowning is what is called. Have the coroner reexamine the lungs.”
“Ahh well she seems nice.” John says getting up and looking at the notes and pictures tacked to the wall above the couch.
John Watson moved into 221b and life continued. Sherlock continued to present John with files and photos as they sat in opposite chairs.  Sherlock adjusted his sleep schedule to every change in John’s work schedule.  They talked of John’s time in Afghanistan and how Sherlock grew up with a brilliant mathematician for a mother, and his reluctantly admitted smarter brother, and a father who loved him to no end. John spoke of his sister who was slowly killing herself with alcohol and his fears of never escaping his nightmares. Sherlock began playing his violin for John, sad slow melancholy songs that made John worry for Sherlock.
“Gods sake Sherlock this isn’t treating me to dinner, this is a house. A lot of bloody money….why….why didn’t you tell me about this sooner?”
Sherlock’s questions about why he was in the hospital were very concerning. What had happened to him to think that they would experiment on him. How did he know anything about Gloria, everyone knew she was making rounds around the staff, but you couldn’t tell that with just a brief look.  The greatest mind of London thought it was 1995, that was going to be a cold and harsh reality. John thought back to his 23 year-old self and cringed to imagine himself in his patient’s shoes, to wake up older, broken, past his prime.  Sherlock was quite handsome, so he wouldn’t have that problem, but still the culture shock would be something.  John looked in on his other patients and an hour later a flushed Gloria taps him on the shoulder,
I storm into the flat and promptly slam the door of the bedroom after grabbing bottle of scotch that had been calling my name and the food. Out of courtesy I should have probably left some food for Sherlock, but why let it go to waste since he  wouldn’t be eating as usual.  I proceeded to eat and drink myself into oblivion
SO...this is done. I'll probably always stick to shorter stuff since this really bothered/took a lot out of me.  Thanks for reading.
In bed. Didn’t work there unless there’s the implication that I would honestly want to become a prostitute.”
I take in the broken man before me. He’s so pale he is practically translucent. His eyes are red his hands are shaking.
“Much like this particular shade of yellow. It’s a nice gender neutral theme Sherlock” I say as I finish rubbing the edge of a decal on the wall.
“Yes alive and well. Currently in Oklahoma competing in a line dancing competition” Mycroft rolls his eyes.
“Nothing. Clean as I said. Sherlock loves puzzles and danger. CDI Lestrade will be able to fill you in on any details you may need.” the man smirks as he turns towards the open area in a slight gesture towards the waiting room. John looks to see several anxious members of the Yard milling about. A pained huff of breath escapes the man under his hands.
“Maybe Molly will let you know if she gets a victim in the morgue” Lestrade mutter as he looks over the note that Sherlock has taken.
John, for the first time since his return to London, took time off.  He had vacation days that he didn’t have a reason to take, the work distracted him from his nightmares, his pain, his loneliness.  He didn’t even think of Sarah who had been the first person that had given him the time of day since he came back from Afghanistan.
“I’ll call Lestrade then, want me to do it on speaker?” I say on the way to the kitchen and watch Sherlock faceplant into the sofa and snicker.
“That’s great. That’s just great. You must have some questions for us?” I try I don’t know how much awkward this encounter could get. I glance at Sherlock and he is gripping the arm of the couch so hard his fingertips and knuckles are white. “Sherlock and I have been nervous wrecks over meeting you and I think it may have made him go slightly catatonic.”
“You took the entire bottle into the room as well as the food, I would assume your stomach and head are rebelling, hence the lack of breakfast food accompanying your tea” Sherlock indicates the kitchen with a flick of his wrist.
“Not your girlfriend, this is Molly Hooper, be nice Sherlock” Lestrade warns, saving Molly the temptation to say that she was dating him or some such nonsense.
“Sit down John, it’s alright. Drink that, it’s very good and very expensive.” Greg mumbles as he sits down on the chair.
“Ok, I’m off on Wednesday, barring any escalation of influenza.” John sighs, finding it difficult to resist when Sherlock gives him that lost look and says please.
“Where and when I’ll be there. My head’s still trying to reconcile it all but I’ll be there without a smirk on my face.” Greg says extending his hand.
The two men laugh quietly and share heated kisses till the waitress clears her throat at their table and yanks their plates away.
John stares for a second at the pale face before him. He sees apprehension, worry, and fear of rejection. Sherlock slowly removes his hand and lowers his eyes are, his mouth a thin line.  John closes his eyes at his own ignorance of how Sherlock felt about him.
“Wait just a fucking second...so you’re telling me … Sherlock Holmes….  is getting married and is planning on raising a child?! are you two insane?” Greg guffaws at me.
“It’s good to see you’re feeling better. Sherlock, thank you for saying those nice things. I have some deformed pancreases for you whenever you’re up for experimenting again” Molly mumbles and turns out of the room.
The real question was coming down to would John be able to deal with the fact that Sherlock might no longer want anything to do with him if he remembered he didn’t ‘like’ people, especially nice boring doctors.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and determines what another onslaught of deductions would cost him and decides to shake his head.
I’m crying and laughing rubbing his back.  This was not the reaction from Sherlock I was expecting. I was expecting an awkward smile, a tilt of the head, a quick hug. Sherlock was usually protecting that strong facade he had pulled up around himself.  I had been expecting myself to be the emotional wreck but I felt an odd sense of calm and apprehension.
Hours later he is bothered again by a knock on his doors raises his hopes of seeing John again, but it wasn’t it was Molly.
“You probably should consider it by the look of embarrassment on your face I do a lot of the work for you” Sherlock smirks in amusement.
“John I’ll never erase you from up here, everything you say and do I remember. Those words were what carried me through the time I was away from you.” he says carefully removing my old watch and replacing it.
“You did?” Sherlock asks confused, “why would you tell me that. Mother and father love eachother very much. They are still together aren’t they??” Sherlock looks panicked.
“Oh yes hello, how are you enjoying your break?” I exhale nervously eyeing her friend’s swelled midsection.
“Ok then,” John chuckles, “well yes we still have troops in Iraq but I served in Afghanistan. That is quite impressive for a head trauma. How are you feeling otherwise?”
. Perhaps maybe I’ll remember something and Mycroft will let me live there again, possibly with a flatmate not that I know that many people anymore. I need to remember who I am John. Please will you come with me, help me?” Sherlock says biting his lip and not meeting John’s soft eyes.
He opened the door to his flat and threw his bag in the direction of his chair and jumped back at the grunt. He immediately raises his cane defensively and snaps on the light.
Where did I put that scotch I think as I haul myself out of my chair. It would be safer, no interference from Mycroft. I could forget.
“He’s been fine actually, doing quite a lot of research. He’s actually completely stopped smoking he’s so completely dedicated to this.  Also Mycroft I think it would take more than frustration to break the two of us up.  I did marry a psychopathic assassin and he disappeared for 2 years and I forgave him. As encouraged I am by your concern and interest; if we need your help, we will ask for it” I huff.
“Doctor, he bypassed several levels of security before we found him. He is a possible danger to everyone!” one of the guards grumbles with effort to hold onto Sherlock.
“We’re still working on the details. Believe me sometimes I don’t think what we have is even real and I’m
on Sherlock’s.  Sherlock shook out his hair in his frustrated way and looks up at me and gives me a genuine and crooked smile.
John watched Sherlock take several deep shuddering breaths. He waits and watches for Sherlock to gather himself together and when Sherlock finally raises his head John releases the breath he had been holding.
John can’t help the blush that rises to his cheeks. “I’ll be on my way sir, Sherlock I hope that you find the rest of your life a happy one.” John chokes out.
“What are you saying? I’ve been chasing you around London and working 30 hours a week wiping noses when you have a bloody trust fund?!” I yell.
“The gun was loaded. You live in a safe neighborhood with a doorman, who is unfortunately is easily manipulated. The average criminal would find it next to impossible to break in considering you live on the 15th floor. So I guess the real question should be,  why do you have a loaded gun in your nightstand?” Sherlock spouts with a wave of his hands.
John just stares at Sherlock. An angry embarrassed flush comes to his cheeks and ears.  The pain returns in his leg and he drops to the chair across from him.  This finally rouses Sherlock into sitting up to face him properly.
“Not really. The mind is too complex to even try and guess what a person will or will not remember.” John grins.
“Well, uherm, your brother is going through several diagnostic tests. He’s yet to regain full consciousness.” the brother raises his hand to stop the nervous doctor.
“What is it Mr. Holmes?” John asks as Mycroft grabs the back of John’s arm and drags him to an on-call room.
“Tortured animals as a youngster?” a shake of head from Sherlock, “Been arrested a lot before you were 18?” another shake “I know you don’t lack empathy or don’t show remorse when you feel you’ve done something wrong,and those are some of the indicators I know you do not meet. The faking of emotions is a pretty big indicator Sherlock, because I know the reaction you are having at being hurt is not faked or manipulating in any way.” John says quietly.
Thank you for all of your kind comments and kudos. I apologize for taking so long between updates and doing so without any sort of pattern. This truly a work in progress, but there is a general plan and direction.  I don't always write with any sort of confidence, so thank you again and I am glad you are enjoying this.
John takes a moment to steel himself for the conversation he would have to have with Sherlock. It had been almost twenty four hours since he had last seen his former patient. His thoughts had debated with saying to hell with Mycroft Holmes, he could be friends with whomever he wanted and cold fear of losing his job. He was disappointed with himself for being attracted to Sherlock Holmes and having to hurt a such a sharp-minded yet vulnerable man.
“A miscalculation. New Scotland Yard’s finest are worthless cretins. Lestrade naturally came to me. A rare watch was stolen. At first, it seemed that it was just another boring theft. I don’t do theft cases. So dull. However, then a woman’s ear with an earring still attached was found precisely where the watch was last seen.” Sherlock became more animated. “The ear itself was nothing spectacular, but the earring held a poison which is extremely rare and nearly impossible to detect. Therefore I-“
John realized with embarrassment that he was staring for far too long and so forced himself to approach Sherlock and carefully began to undo the gauze. His fingers were quick and efficient, but his right pinky grazed a stretch of skin and it sent a tingle down John’s spine. He frowned. Why was he suddenly feeling awkward? He was a doctor. He had seen hundreds of people naked, for goodness’ sake. He shook his head. He breathed deeply and returned his focus to the wound. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him and he felt his cheeks go pink. Finally, the last bit of gauze fell away. John lifted the cotton patch carefully and saw that the bleeding had stopped. The edges of cut skin were scabbed over well and there was no sign of infection. He cleaned it with some alcohol and Sherlock didn’t even twitch. His eyes stayed on John. When John was done, Sherlock was already putting his robe back on and turning toward the kitchen.
“Pretty impressive, eh?” David had smirked and then slapped John on the back. “I’ll ring you for dinner sometime. Good seeing you, John. And good luck.”
“He’s a doctor?” John smiled, thinking it might be nice living with another doctor. Though maybe he was one of those doctors who liked to modify more than truly heal. John hoped not. He had had his fill of those kinds of doctors before and during the war as well. Those doctors preferred to cut out a soldier’s damaged but healable eye and replace it with a glass monstrosity that promised 40/20 vision. He could still hear that lad’s screams. John frowned at that particular memory.
He slowly put the vial on the ground, away from the boy. “You’re okay now. It’s defused. You can put it down.”
While waiting for the tea to steep, John opened the icebox to see if there was some jam and scones but instead found, to his mild horror, three detached eyes floating in some kind of bright yellow solution and several entrails. And the giraffe brains. He quickly shut the door and sighed.
The flat was a right mess. Paper and jars and animal cadavers littered every surface. John didn’t know where to step for fear that something might blow up or bite him. He kept a very nervous eye on the viper slithering around a large fruit bowl on the kitchen counter.
“Stop talking, for God’s sake!” John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and pushed it to his abdomen. “Hold this here - hard. I’ll be right back.” John ran up the stairs to his bedroom and took out his medical kit from the cupboard. He ran back down and knelt beside Sherlock again. He sliced open the man’s blouse with surgical scissors, exposing the shallow but long cuts on his side. John sighed a little in relief at the superficial wounds but then he saw the white specks at the same time a sharp almond smell hit him. He paled and quickly began digging through his kit again. He popped open the lid of a small box and looked at the multicolored vials one by one. It wasn’t there.
Sherlock ignored him and kept rummaging through the pocket before triumphantly pulling out a folded piece of paper. He unfolded it and frowned.
The larger man turned fully to face John and ran at him, just as the skinny one lunged at Sherlock. John stepped to the side quickly to dodge him but the man shot out his hand and caught John’s arm in a vice grip. And suddenly, John felt his lungs expand fuller and his blood flow easier and calmer, and he felt almost
John made his way slowly down the steps. Everything was dark except the small lamp near the couch. There, John saw Sherlock lying down with his eyes closed. John walked carefully to the door to not wake him.
Now, as John sat in the uncomfortable chair, he pulled the box from his waist coat. He had forgotten to give it to Sherlock earlier. He set it down on the side table and went to explore his bedroom. After a few hours of tidying up and setting up his room just like he liked it, he headed to the kitchen to make some tea.
“A detective? You’re police?” John had looked at Sherlock with a dubious eye. He didn’t look like he was with Scotland Yard.
Sherlock blinked and then looked up at John, his expression changing into one of interest. John was panting and the rush of blood to all his limbs turned him into a light shade of pink from his face to his hands.
John paused and looked at Sherlock who was looking at him like he was a complete imbecile. “I have the antidote I just – ah - can’t reach it. It’s behind the desk in a red box.”
“John, mate, you made it.” David smiled broadly as he stood to greet him. They shook hands cordially for a moment, smiling politely. They looked at each other a moment longer before joining in a friendly embrace. “It’s been too long.”
John stood there, momentarily dumbfounded, then glanced up when a low steam balloon sputtered by, making obscene, flatulent noises from its old engine. Then he took a deep breath and began to hobble after Sherlock’s retreating figure, his heart suddenly beating fast with a surge of excitement.
“Hmm, no.” He had said in a baritone, almost raspy voice as he had picked up one of the glass slides on the table and stuffed it into his pocket. He had walked over to the coat rack to grab a long, fine scarf.
Before he could even think, John dashed down the stairs. Just as he reached the last step, Sherlock shouted. “STOP!”
Sherlock’s low voice startled him. “You shouldn’t have done that.” Sherlock placed the violin in its case gently and latched it shut. It was surprisingly elegant and unmachined.
John looked down too. His feet were filthy, with a sheen of sweat covering the arches. He was bleeding, especially on the ball of his foot and from his toes. As he stared, the adrenaline began to seep away and the pain began to pulse and come to life along his nerves.  Suddenly, John saw from the corner of his eye the larger man spring to his feet and come at Sherlock with a piece of metal pipe. Sherlock looked mildly surprised but didn’t move. John grabbed the nearest object he could find and brought it crashing down on the man’s head. The man just stood there blinking at him and John stared back in confusion. The brown, wet, paper-thin wooden slats of the rotten crate slid off the man’s head and landed softly on the ground. John breathed. “Shit.” The man made to raise the pipe again, eyeing Sherlock, then there was a lightning quick movement followed by a loud, fleshy thump and the man was on the floor, his body falling over heavily.
“He’s a consulting detective to, well, everyone. From the government to your everyday citizen.” David had said. John had looked at him, perplexed.
Afterward, John had walked around for almost 30 minutes looking for the address on the paper. It had turned out to be a small, high-end flower shop with a large mechanical rose that gently unfurled and closed above the shop sign. The elegant, middle-aged woman behind the counter had only smiled at him when she saw the paper and then had immediately burned it in the small fireplace. She had silently given him a very small, blue velvet box tied with a ribbon. John had opened his mouth to say thank you, but she had turned to go to the back without a word, leaving John confused. He had waited for a few moments more and then had felt like a fool standing there in the empty shop, so he had left quietly.
“Oh, get over it, John. I told you, death is inevitable to us all. You’re a doctor, for goodness’ sake. Now, unless you can disarm this thing, I suggest we get Mrs. Hudson and run about...0.7 kilometers east in the next 3 minutes.”
John bristled at that, “Well, Mr. Holmes, if you hadn’t gotten yourself poisoned and hurt, then there would not have been a need for me to be on the floor.” He moved his neck to the side and massaged his shoulder. Christ, that was going to be sore for a bit.
“These men think I have it. The one that was stolen.” Sherlock said as he began to walk back toward the flat, meaning that John had to limp quickly after him to catch up. “But what is so special about this watch, John? That is the question!”
“Not terribly hungry, have a killer to catch. I’m thinking cabbie, why else would all these unrelated and apparently happy people just off themselves. Who do people trust and are virtually invisible. The London cab” Sherlock mutters. Having seen something in the mirror he get’s Angelo’s attention and orders a glass of wine which he promptly throws in his face.  John can only watch in amazed horror.
“John. Sherlock for as insufferable as he can be, is also quite fragile in nature. Just...consider my help please” Mycroft says. I know he is more than right. I had seen it on my wedding day, and that day we almost said goodbye to each other forever.  The man would still not talk about the picture of the dog I found when I was making room for my clothes in one of his drawers. Perhaps I had misstepped giving Sherlock the research job.
“Sherlock, let me, please?” John asks pulling the man out of the debris and then pushing him in the direction of the low couch.
“I know...I’m sorry...here...deep breaths...in and out” John soothes. He looks at the shaking form of Sherlock Holmes, he wasn’t the confident snarky man that he had treated. Something happened besides John’s lack of contact that set this off in his former patient. “Good deep breaths. I don’t want you to hyperventilate Sherlock, in and out.”
“How many times can I hear don’t Sherlock...not good Sherlock...Please Sherlock...before you wear me down to nothing. You saw yourself in her and it blinded you. I couldn’t tell you what I saw because it would hurt you and despite what you think I don’t like hurting you”
So I just want to say that these things do happen. Two of my former co-workers had babies "fall into their laps." One a family friend's honor roll/student athlete daughter had a mysterious backache and it was just a baby.  The other was friends with a couple and they found themselves with an unwanted pregnancy and were like "we want you to adopt our baby." So before it gets all "this never happens" to people, it really does.
“Sherlock! Anything on the menu for you and your date” the rather large furry man says clasping Sherlock in a one armed hug.
“You haven’t asked if Dr. Watson wants you as a roommate. He looks perfectly happy on his own.” Mycroft smirks and heads towards the door.
Sherlock looks up finally at those words and grimaces looking at the destruction around him. “Thank you John that was, that was, you are,” Sherlock stops to wipe the errant tear that had fallen down his cheek, “I’m terrible at this it appears that I cannot think of a way to say that what you said was good.”
“John, Dr. John Watson. Very nice to meet you.” John says standing awkwardly holding out his hand to shake Mrs. Hudson’s.
“It is his home Mycroft Holmes, he should be able stay. He must miss it; his experiments and things and I miss him. Even if he can’t be bothered to remember me.” Mrs. Hudson says crossing her arms and scowling at both of the Holmes brothers in turn.
John thought of the file, still unopened since receiving it.  He had a feeling that inside would be all the terrible things Sherlock had done to his body when he was using.  The physical things that drugs did to a body were easier to think about than the the things that Sherlock might have done when on them or to get them.  What had happened to a nineteen year old Sherlock that made him unfriendly, and antisocial? Sherlock wasn’t the same person he was  before losing his memory, he was the person that John was fascinated by not the drug user.
John looked at Sherlock incredulously for a few seconds and then spotted the little smirk on his face. John stared at him longer and then, like a switch, they both burst into a fit of giggles. After a moment, John made to walk and groaned as his feet began to ache and sting horribly. His knuckles were throbbing from the punch and he feared he might have broken something. He moved over to a dilapidated, moldy cement fountain that jutted from the wall and he sat down gingerly on the edge. As he inspected his feet, Sherlock crouched close to the still-conscious but in very much pain larger man. Sherlock suddenly stuck his hand into the front pocket of the man’s trousers. John gasped, appalled. “What are you
The man’s lips curved up slightly. “One simply has to look and observe.” The tall man stepped forward to stand in front of him. “And I see that you have already decided to take the room. Excellent. I will meet you at 221B Baker Street at 1300 hours. I have your key ready. I presume you would like to move in today as your current lease ends tomorrow.”
His eyes darted quickly over the man and then he sighed. “You’re just an errand boy. How tedious.” Sherlock said monotonously. The man growled and tried to get up but immediately yelped from the movement and lied back down with a groan.
“A scar is nothing.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s stern, doctor-mode face. “Very well.” He untied his robe and John wasn’t prepared for the long expanse of pale, smooth skin before him. It had a warmth to it. It was beautiful and riddled with scars.
Sherlock had a look of mild amusement and something a bit like admiration as he observed John, who still had his hand curled tight in a fist and was panting slightly. “I have to say, John, that you will not be very successful in your medical practice with
“Good.” John took a steady breath and began tapping the copper plate in the middle section until there was a click. He pried off the top frosted glass that held the mechanism. He slipped a finger into the gap and gently pushed at the rest of the glass panels from the inside until they popped out one by one and fell to the ground, shattering into tiny pieces. The bright green liquid in the glass vial inside was thick and viscous. John grabbed the vial between two fingers and with his other hand, lifted the copper fuse that hung mere centimeters away from the charge. He pulled the vial out and released the fuse. He breathed out. “Okay.”
“Sherlock!” John yelled. He looked at the boy, now openly weeping, and made to go help him, but then he turned his head back to look at the place where Sherlock disappeared. “Mrs. Hudson! Ring the police! Don’t touch this vial! And get this boy home!”
“Oh, these looks great, Mrs. Hudson.” John said as he eyed a lightly buttered orange zest scone that looked heavenly. “Thank you very much. I was just having some tea. Would you like to join me?”
Sherlock was at the main door’s threshold, staring at a little boy standing on the sidewalk with something in his outstretched hands. His whole body was trembling. John squinted to see what he had in his hands. It looked like an egg, covered in copper plating with small panels of frost glass that allowed the green glow of something inside to show through. Then all the blood drained from John’s face.
“Oh, no, dear. Thank you but I must be off.” She pushed the tray into his hands. “You enjoy and save some for Sherlock. I do worry about him sometimes. He’s so thin. But now that he’s got you, well, I’m sure things will be much better now. They always say that you gain a few at the beginning of a new relationship. It’ll do him a world of good, I dare say.” Mrs. Hudson smiled and winked at him then patted her hair distractedly before disappearing out the door. “Toodle-loo, John!”
She squeezed his hand warmly before letting go to pick up the tray again. “Of course you are.” She said warmly, and John thought, a bit mischievously. “I am Mrs. Hudson. I live right down there.” She lifted the tray. “I thought I would welcome you with some fresh scones. Just this once, mind. I’m not your maid, dear.”
“You have seen me half nude, have tended to my wounds, slept on the floor by my side, and you live with me. I do rather think we can rid ourselves of these tiresome formalities due to this new level of intimacy, don’t you?”
Sherlock stood back up gracefully and continued to stare at John. John could see a red mark across his cheek that would turn into a vicious bruise in a few days. His silk robe had a long tear down the side. Sherlock noted where John was looking and tsked in annoyance. “What a waste of a good robe.” He scowled momentarily before looking down at John’s feet and lifted an eyebrow.
“Let me see it.” John said and then cleared his throat when Sherlock looked at him sharply. “I mean, Mr. Holmes, I would like to see it to make sure there won’t be an infection or too much scarring.”
“Sherlock, remember I do have a hip.” Mrs. Hudson said in a hushed tone from her own door, as if speaking any louder would set the bomb off.
“Landlady. A bit hysterical. Ignore her.” Sherlock said as he bent over a large machine with a bulbous glass dome and a lightbulb inside. He quickly tapped some keys on a large typesetter and the lightbulb flashed with each letter typed. Sherlock then stood straight, walked out the door, and ran down the stairs. The front door slammed shut.
John took a few deep breaths and then there was a flurry of movement and Sherlock ran past him, his long robe billowing behind him before he disappeared around a corner.
David smiled wider and pushed open the doors. John stepped in and immediately noticed two things. First, this was indeed a lab stocked full of glass beakers, odd metal contraptions, and jars full of chemicals. Second, there was a dark figure hunched over the main table in the middle of the room, looking at small glass plates very closely. The figure didn’t react to the intrusion.
as he slammed the elbow of his free arm into the man’s nose. The man yelled out in shock and pain, letting go of John. John bent down slightly and then rammed his shoulder into the man’s chest just above his stomach, causing him to expel all his breath in a rush and the man staggered backwards, his arms flailing and his nose dripping blood profusely. John kicked the side of his knee hard and the man finally dropped down with a loud groan. John didn’t give the man a second look as he threw himself into the fray that was Sherlock trying to avoid being tackled to the ground by the two remaining men who looked worse for the wear. The skinny man had an arm locked tight around Sherlock’s chest from behind, though his other arm hung limply by his side. The first man was trying to grab at Sherlock’s kicking legs but his rapidly swelling eye was impeding much of his view. Sherlock landed a few kicks to the man’s ribs and just as the man seemed to get a hold of one of his feet, John crouched and threw himself right at the man, wrapping his arms around his waist and knocking them both to the ground. The man’s head hit the ground with a sickening crunch, his eyes wide with shock, and then he closed his eyes and went limp. John turned to go after the skinny man, but Sherlock had already managed to swing the man forward, and now grabbed his limp arm forcefully and quickly pushed him to the ground hard. The man howled in pain and writhed on the floor, holding his limp arm. Sherlock looked at him thoughtfully for a moment and crouched down to look at his face.
His bare feet skidded and slipped on the hard, unforgiving cobblestones as he raced down the narrow street lined with waste bins and lazy cats that glanced at him tiredly from their perches. He stepped on something sharp but hardly felt it as the adrenaline roared through him. In the distance, just as the street opened up to a small alcove, he could see a man swinging viciously at Sherlock, who was ducking and swirling out of the way quickly and gracefully. John sped up and could now hear the angry grunts and growls of the man as he kept failing to land any hits. Just a few meters before John got to the alcove, two men appeared from the other end and charged at Sherlock.
John quickly stood to shake her hand and do an awkward little bow. “Yes, madam. My name is John Watson.  I am Mr. Holmes’ new flatmate.”
“I- “ John began but then decided that arguing with his brand new flatmate on their second day of living together was not the way to go. Instead, he glanced at Sherlock’s torso, covered by his long silk robe. John once again observed that Sherlock was very posh, despite his living conditions. And must be very rich to be able to afford a garment like that, though surely Scotland Yard doesn’t pay nearly that well. “How is your wound?”
Sherlock spun around with a big smile on his face that looked eerie and a bit unsettling. “Stolen watches! Severed ears! And
They went into the surprisingly empty hospital. He didn’t see any nurses at all. “What is this place?”
John cleared his throat. “So, how could you have even known about Serbia?” Perhaps it was just sheer luck, John thought.
“It’s fine. Your expert attention to it last night means I am well on my way to full recovery. I am happy to report that I will live to see another day, doctor.”
“I know this.” He whispered to himself, then he said it louder. “Sherlock, I know this type of bomb. Not in this shape, but the concept is the same. I’ve had to disarm a few in the war.”
The creaking pipes on the terracotta roofs pumped out wide, heavy plumes of black smoke and John sort of felt like he was suffocating. His hired car rumbled over the stone cobbled roads and he sighed for the fifth time that day as the cab got closer to the center of London. After three days, he still wasn’t quite sure why he had agreed to meet David about the room for rent. He hated the city but the country drove him mad. The vast, empty fields reminded him too much of the war. Admittedly, the whoops of steam engines and the cracks of electricity from the zeppelins floating gently across the London skyline were not very conducive to repressing the dark memories either. He gripped his right thigh as a whisper of an ache creeped up from the tense muscle. Thin, long pistons running down the leg of his copper knee brace slid smoothly and the gears on either side squeaked as John stretched. The car came to a stop in front of a small park where children were flying their kites. Some kites had tiny, rudimentary engines that let out small white puffs and made the kites swing and zigzag in the sky like swallowtails.
“I cannot have flatmates moaning about their aching backs when it’s entirely their fault for sleeping on the floor in the first place.”
There was a ringing of a bicycle just then and John went to sit on the hard leather chair. “What happened? You were in serious mortal danger, Mr. H- Sherlock.”
“I will not.” Sherlock had said dismissively and then turned to John. “Now, Dr. Watson, don’t be late.” Sherlock had nodded at David and had started to push through the double doors before turning. “I need you to pick something up for me, Doctor.” He had slipped his hand into an inner pocket and pulled out a small folded piece of paper. “Bring it to the flat.” He had tossed it over and John had caught it. Before he could say anything, Sherlock had left.
