“What’s wrong with Uncle Cas? he looks sad.”
Walking into the room Gabriel stopped in the doorway, shocked at what he finds. “What is going on in here?”
Because of the rubbing Dean let out a small burp. Holding onto his Daddy’s shoulder he tried to pull the confused man forward.
“I’m sorry sir, but he was bought here,” the man stuttered trying not to look at Michael, Gabriel knew his brother could be very intimidating.
“I couldn’t tell baby,” Gabriel sarcastically scoffed. “Is there anything else you would like Sammy?”
“That’s very nice of you to say Charlie. See Deany? You made a new friend.”
Sitting together in silence, Castiel could feel himself start to nod off again. Shaking his head, he removed his fingers from Dean’s mouth making Dean groan as he stretched his arms.
Opening the car door, Castiel grinned at his baby. Dean had slept in his car-seat the whole way home. cuddling his bee. Dean did look so cute with it tucked under his chin while sucking on his pacifier. Undoing the straps. Castiel lifted his sleepy baby into his arms. Hearing Dean groan, he started to sway. “Ohh sleepy boy, Daddy’s sorry. He didn’t mean to wake you. Did you have a good sleep? I think you did.”
“What!” Gabriel and Michael said together, “Please take us to him at once,” Michael demanded.
“One more Deany, just one and then it’s over,” Daddy said, sounding like he was going to cry.
Hearing Sam, Dean felt his heart swell with joy. He hadn’t heard Sam call him De in a long time. Holding out his arms, he made grabby hands towards his little brother. “Sammy.”
“No...no nothing like that Gabe, it’s a strange feeling I have. I feel like I want to look after him...like Dean is mine.”
Taking a sip he hummed in delight at the strong rich taste. “Ah Betty, I wish you would marry me. I couldn’t live without your amazing coffee.”
He walked around Castiel’s kitchen. His brother had gone upstairs to check on the baby a good hour ago. Making use of himself Gabriel decided to clean up the mess and remake lunch. As he turned a cheese omelette over he heard footsteps coming down the stairs.
Dean didn’t know what to think. His Daddy wasn’t mad with him and wasn’t going to get rid of him. How could this man be so kind after what he did? Looking down he could see the bandage around his arm. Letting go of Daddy’s shirt Dean rubbed his small fingers across the strange feeling fabric. “..Hurt..”
“Dean’s been...he had nightmares and has been very clingy, he wouldn’t leave me except for when I managed to get him to have his nap. Every time I tried to put him down he would cry, he asked for you a few times. And then when you called about Sam, he even told me he didn’t want to be my baby anymore. But thankfully when I told him Sam was a little too, he changed his mind.  I’m so worried Gabe, I think whatever happens at that hospital has really hurt him.”
Castiel worked fast when he hears his baby cry. He made Dean a bottle of formula and a bowl of one of the AB meals he found in the fridge. To him it looked a lot like baby food but he remembered hearing it had all the nutritions and protein for an adult. It was highly recommend to feed babies this for the first few months. Looking at it Castiel turned his nose up. It didn’t look very appealing, but hopefully Dean would like it.
Feeling the diaper being placed under his bum, Dean’s face scrunched up, unsure if he liked the feel of the towel soft fabric. But if Daddy said it was better he wasn’t going to complain. As Daddy pulled up the front up Dean soon realised he really couldn’t close his legs with the bulkiness. Letting out a displeased groan, Dean looked down as Daddy pulled up the pastille blue plastic pants over the diaper.
Blurting out a laugh both men chuckled.
Smiling wide Sam clapped his hands. “Yeah Daddy,” he said, making grabby hands towards the man.
“Will you sit in your chair while I make it?” Castiel asked, sounding a bit of hopeful. Seeing Dean frown at him he pretty much got his answer. “Never mind, Daddy can cook one handed… I think.” Pulling out everything he needed Castiel placed the bread in the toaster. While the eggs cooked, Castiel walked around the kitchen, swaying Dean to the music. “How I love the way you move, and the sparkle in your eye, there’s a colour deep inside them, like a blue suburban skies.”
“No, Dada. Sam.” Tears ran down his cheeks. He needed Daddy to help! “Please...”
“That was a bad move baby. I think someone needs a bit of extra treatment, might remove your teeth seeing as you don’t use them probably, I wasn’t going to but I think it’s for the best.”
Walking up into Dean’s nursery, Castiel lay Dean down onto the changing table, removing the dirty hospital gown. Castiel held back a gasp when he opened Dean’s wet diaper. Dean’s bum and thighs were red and blistered from what was clear by the hand prints Dean had been spanked very hard and left in a wet diaper for too long. “Oh baby, what did they do to you?” Castiel said. Looking up he could see Dean looking down at him though his long lashes with a sad expression.
“Didn’t think you knew how to do that,” Castiel chuckled as he placed one of the bottles down before sitting on the sofa closer to his big brother. Turning Dean to be cradled in his arms, Castiel looked up to see Michael frown looking away from them. He could tell he was still blaming himself for what happened to Dean.
If there was one thing Gabriel knew it that he wasn’t a light sleeper, Castiel use to say that even if the apocalypse was happening he would sleep right through it, which Gabriel didn’t disagree with. So, when he woke to a loud crashing sound outside his bedroom door, he startled in confusion at what was going on.
Dean felt his heart stop. What did she mean Castiel wasn’t his Daddy,? He didn’t want a new family, he liked the one he had. “No...No..Dada..I wan..Dada..” he cried, slamming his fists on the hard plastic.
“No, I’m just watching him. He’s my brothers little,” Gabriel said grinning, checking out the ladies. Having Dean had its benefits, he thought.
Dean watched his Daddy. He knew Hannah was trying to distract him but he wasn’t going to fail for that.
“Right Cassie, I need to explain what I have done. Baby Dean here is pretty much just like a normal baby. He can’t walk or talk because of the muscle and vocal relaxant. It’ll take seven to nine months for the muscle to completely wear off but it’s fine, if you want to work on him crawling or to walk you can. The vocal takes about five to six months but he can make noises, he’ll have to wear diapers he has no control anymore.”
Looking down, Dean smiled as he looked at the creamy rainbow of options. He could not decide which one he wanted, they all looked so good. Looking back at Daddy he shrugged his shoulders.
Castiel startled when Dean started to scream. His baby was trembling in his arm with tears running down his red, scrunched up face. “Oh baby shhh….shhh it’s okay I know this is all scary and a lot to take in, but I’m going to look after you baby.” Dean continued to cry as Castiel walked around bouncing him gently. Looking to his brother for help, Gabriel just shook his head.
“Is that good baby?” Castiel asked, giving him a light bounce as he glared at his brother. Dean nodded quickly as he opened his mouth for more. Taking the spoon from Gabriel, Castiel started to feed his baby small amounts.
“You ready to go baby?” Castiel asked, rubbing his finger along Dean’s cheek. Dean looked at him shyly. He wasn’t sure he could do this. A part of him knew if he went in there he could try and cause a scene and get taken away from Castiel and Gabriel, but the other apart didn’t want to leave Castiel. Sinking into his seat Dean felt his chest tighten. He didn’t want to go in.
“You could stay that. Had a busy day with Casey then spent most of my night researching,” he answered, picking the cup up. He had spent most of his night rummaging through Dean’s old clothes and backpack, trying to find anything that would help him find out as much as he could about the boy.
“We are taken him home with us,” Michael said looking at her with a still face.
After about the tenth smack Dean cried silently. He didn’t like being spanked, Daddy never did this to him.
“Up we go. Let’s have a nice bath, then we’ll put on our PJ’s and snuggle on the sofa with Uncle Gabriel till bedtime. How does that sound? Good?” Castiel asked. Nodding, Dean let out a relaxed sigh at being lowered into the warm water.
Feeling something rubbing against his lip, he opened one eye. He saw Daddy holding his pacifier, opening his mouth, he sucked on the nipple before closing his eye again.
“Sir, I found something.” Coming out of his thoughts, Michael turned in his chair to see Lilith standing in front of his desk with a file in her hand.
“24. Most are young boys and a few girls, they’ll be going in for the treatments tomorrow. By the end of the week, they’ll be ready for adoption.”
Dean watched as Sam held onto his Rosie, it was nice to see that his little brother liking his bee but Rosie was his, Sammy can’t have her, she was his best friend. “Ro...” he mumbled making grabby hands towards his toy.
“Well if you put it like that, I’ll forgive my little man,” he said, leaning down kissing his boys warm cheek.
Walking over to the changing table, Dean whimpered as Castiel slowly lay him down on the mattress. Feeling the mess against his skin Dean couldn’t stop the tears run down his cheeks. He didn’t like it, it made him feel icky, he just hoped Daddy wasn’t angry with him or think he was gross. Lost in his thoughts, he felt Castiel’s soft lips on his warm cheeks. Daring to open one eye he saw his Daddy smiling down at him, not showing any trace of being disgusted. “My brave little bumblebee, you’re okay. All babies mess their diapers, Daddy is going to clean you up, and then me and you are going to have breakfast and after we’ll go play with some of your new toys. That sound good?” Rubbing his thumb along Dean’s eyebrow, Castiel waited as his baby started to calm. He understood Dean feeling upset. It couldn’t be nice to wake up with a messy diaper. Seeing Dean’s green eyes looking upset he could feel his heart ache seeing his baby so sad. “Come on my beautiful boy, where is that gorgeous smile?” Tickling Dean under the chin Castiel smiled hearing his baby giggle. “There it is!” Staring at each other Castiel kissed Dean’s forehead, “My precious angel,” Castiel whispered.
Letting his boy calm down Castiel lifted Dean into his arms. He loved hearing his baby laugh, hearing his Dean so happy made his own heart swell with happiness.
Standing up from the floor, Gabriel lifted Sam up with him. Placing him on his hip, even though Sam was rather tall, Gabriel was shocked at how light his new little boy was. Placing his hand under Sam’s bum he recognised the feel of a diaper. “Do you need a change before we go?”
Castiel stared into Dean’s green eyes, hoping that what he was saying was sinking in. His boy was clearly conflicted in his mind, but he didn’t want to overthink this. “Dean, listen to me baby.” he waited till he knew he had Dean’s attention to continue. “Sweetheart, what has happened has happened and now we move on. If we dwell on things then life will be very boring. Now I know you got angry because Daddy said ‘no more tv’, and I’m guessing because you have not had the chance to experience that, have you?” Dean shakes his head. “Hmm, well baby I will tell you now, Daddy is happy with you watching the tv but you can’t watch it all day, so when I say no more it’s time to do something else. It doesn’t mean I’m taking it away.”
“I’m guessing you’re staying the night,” Castiel smirked, taking the bottle. Holding it to Dean’s lips, he gently rocked his baby once the boy latched on.
“Surprise?” Sam asked shyly.
Castiel grinned to his boy it warmed his heart seeing Dean laughing happily.
Dean gave a slight sniff, feeling his stomach flutter at hearing Daddy’s voice. He knew he hadn’t been in his crib for long but he had missed his Daddy. “..sorry...I..I..sorry Dada.”
Giggling at his Daddy, Sam held up his arms to be picked up. He loved when his Daddy said silly things.
Dean’s mouth dropped. They can’t be serious, there was no way he was going to let them put him in a dress.
“Michael?” Castiel looked over to his eldest brother with a frown, holding Dean close. Castiel didn’t really know why Michael was here, but he was starting to think he had something to do with this. “Why! Why did you do this?”
“Who bought him in?” Gabriel asked kindly hoping to make the man more comfortable.
“Please don’t be too harsh to Dean, Gabe,” Castiel sighed, watching his angry brother.
Dean couldn’t help but wonder who his so called new daddy was. Maybe he could reason with the man, convince him to let him go, tell him that this was all a misunderstanding, that Dean didn’t want to be a baby. Feeling the blanket being wrapped back round him tightly, Dean looked down at Gabriel to find him holding an overly large pale blue pacifier in his hand. As Gabriel tried to put it in his mouth Dean shook his head, trying to get away from it.
Taking hold of his other nephew’s hand Michael lowered himself off the recliner to be kneeling in front of Castiel’s legs.
“Just checking in. I’m having a meeting with the neighbouring states council to discuss an agreement to let the Bouncers to go and take their homeless. I want you and Castiel to come with me.”
As he made his way around the store looking for his brother and baby, Castiel heard crying coming from nearby. Poor little thing sounded so upset, Castiel felt sorry for the parent that had to comfort the sad baby. Turning a corner Castiel finally caught a glimpse of the back of Gabriel’s head. Hearing the crying getting louder, Castiel soon saw Dean. The poor boy looked red in the face. Getting closer, Castiel heard Dean’s heart wrenching cry. It was his baby that was crying so loud. Jogging with the stroller, Castiel hurried to get to his boy.
“Okay I’ll get them. Sammy I’m just going to get your new clothes, Uncle Mick will be in the next room,” leaning over his boy, Gabriel kissed Sam’s forehead. “I won’t be long.”
Michael frowned as he glared that Gabriel “Don’t call me that Gabriel, I’m still your boss don’t forget.”
Castiel nodded as Dr Bailey talked. His boy was so small, he knew Dean need to put on some much needed weight. He knew it wasn’t going to have a problem getting Dean to eat since his boy loved his and Gabriel’s cooking.
“Can we see him please?” Gabriel asked.
“Shh baby, she’s nearly done,” Castiel said, making Dean look at him.
Sighing around his bottle, Dean decided he needed to do something. Wriggling around Dean let go of his bottle and pushed against his Daddy so he could look at Michael.
“I’ll sort out Dean. Go wait for me, you’ll need help getting the glass out,” Gabriel said as he unclipped the tray. “Why was Dean having a tantrum?” he asked, lifting the boy onto his hip.
“Do you like Daddy’s tattoo baby?” Nodding, Dean continued to rub his fingers along Castiel’s skin.
Really thinking about it he couldn’t remember the last time he actually spent time with his brothers outside of work. After their father died, Michael took over the responsibility of the family business and worked to make it the most successful in the whole country.
Finishing up the last parts of making Dean legally Castiel’s little, Gabriel heard a knock on his door. “I’m a bit busy right now, can you come back later?” he said, not taking his eyes off the screen.
“We’re here to take the Little you have here with no authorization.”
Sucking for a while Dean started to find he actual liked the bottle, he found it soothing. As he finished Dean pushed the nipple out with his tongue. Feeling Castiel sit him up, the blue eyed man started to rub his back, making him burp a few times.
“Ok.” Cas’ voice is pained, gentle and unguarded. It’s the same tone he used when he confessed- the day he died. Dean leans in, closing the distance with a kiss. Castiel reciprocates, pressing closer, lips chapped and greedy from his time alone. A cool rush washes over Dean’s body as Cas’ grace enters, transferred between their lips. His hand burns, melding to Cas’ hip. Hungrily, he leans in more, until Cas is a part of him. Dick roars again, shockingly close, but it doesn’t matter. Dean can feel his body warming, leaving the Empty. Something cold and hateful splashes against him, a scream of agony being the last thing he hears.
“I don’t know how.” Yes you do, Billie responds, her voice reverberating around Dean’s mind. It’s quieter than otherworld Michael, but just as forceful.
Poltergeist
“Fine. I’ll play along. But, at the end of this ride, someone stays. Take up to five people out of here, but one stays.” Dean nods. He makes shitty deals all the time. He’ll think of a way to worm out of this one, too.
Benny doesn’t believe him. Dean smiles. Things have changed since they last met- a lot of things changed. The bunker for instance. It’s full of people and Benny admits he can hear every single one, the human blood calls to him and his hand around Dean’s neck squeezes. Dean shakes his head. The world’s changed. Hunters are better about which monsters should be killed and which shouldn’t. He’ll keep in touch this time. God’s no longer torturing them and they’re finally free to just be. It won’t be perfect, but it’ll be better. He promises. Benny laughs, shaking loose something Dean’s tried to keep tied up for almost ten years now. They move closer, hugging and laughing and just breathing. They made it.
“She doesn’t get a say,” Dean responds, anger swelling in his chest. The bitch who waltzed into their lives and abused Cas as his most vulnerable and tortured Sam in his least protected moment does not get to weigh in with her opinion on what’s worth getting their family back together. There’s still some blood drying along Sam’s hairline and the mere sight of it fills Dean with more and more rage. He takes a shaky breath, letting Castiel’s grace wash over him internally and remembering this isn’t his own feeling. Anger has always been Dean’s problem, but the intense loathing that overwhelms him at Naomi’s name is from Castiel.
“Dean, she said you’d let out something dangerous. Something even she was scared of.” Dean shakes his head. Billie, as much of a pain in the ass as she’d been for them, was not someone angels feared. Neither was one vampire or one demon, as much of a bastard as Crowley could be. Nothing else made it out, he was sure of it. Dick had tried, Dean’s aching side could attest to that, but he’d been ripped in half. Nothing else could’ve made it out… right? As soon as he thinks it, he scolds himself. Winchesters don’t get to win. They don’t get to relax and take it easy. Of course something probably slipped out. But that didn’t mean Naomi was right.
“I’m not God!” Jack says it like they’re showing off a prize. Billie explains Jack gave up the power easily. They didn’t want it in the first place. There’ll be an adjustment period, and Jack’s body will have to acclimate to being just a nephilim again. It doesn’t sound bad yet. Dean prepares himself for the worst. There has to be something worse.
“This will be easier if you sit,” The woman attempts, but Sam shakes his head and laughs, dryly.
“I pray to thee, Castiel, angel of Thursday,” Dean starts, letting out a shaky breath. “The one who pulled me and Sammy outta hell, who rebelled against God, who gave his life for Jack.” He’s on a roll now, taking full advantage of his solitude. “The one who stopped me from killing myself, the one who looked out for Sam, the one who’s always been there even when we- *I*- couldn’t do the same.” He swallows thickly. “I know I never said it, but damn it Cas, I love you. I love you back and I’ll always love you, you stupid bastard.”
“The beings in here are talking together, using their miniscule power to keep me awake. Make it stop, and I’ll let you out.” As soon as Anna appears, she leaves. Dean checks his hand, half expecting to see Anna’s name where Death’s had been. Nothing happens.
What does worry him are the visions when something’s eaten alive. Sam’s comfortable enough to share this with Dean and Jack. He omits the other night terrors, knowing they’re probably just stress dreams. Apparently there’s a difference between stress dreams and prophetic nightmares. The former weren’t real, and weren’t accompanied by a migraine that would make Lucifer weep.
“Naomi?” Gabriel’s voice is impoloring, as if he was nervous about her reaction to him. Sam looks away from her wings just long enough to see Gabe, who’s slunk into the room. His face is excited, as if seeing an old friend. Remembering all of Castiel’s horror stories, Sam doubts someone as facetious as Gabriel could be friends with someone like Naomi. The woman nods.
A handprint scar.
They get back just in time. Conversations lull, and Donna seizes the moment to grab everyone’s attention by clearing her throat. She’s already made her way to Jody, who stares at her with a surprised, fond look.
Sam’s silent. He doesn’t want to admit it, but Naomi’s words are getting to him. And the more he thinks, the more sense it makes. Ruby, Dick, Billie, Michael, Cain, Metatron, Lucifer and who knows what else. He remembers commisterating with Castiel in the understated, quiet morning light. They weren’t talking through trauma or anything else healthy like that, but rather enjoyed each other’s company. Sam didn’t have the same “profound bond” Dean and Castiel shared, but the angel was his best friend and having a brother in arms, after suffering so much shit, was nice. A quiet reprieve, shared between brothers, watching the sun slowly rise while drinking water and talking about nothing. It’s the kind of thing only they understood.
“Sheesh, we’re on our way,” Claire loudly complains. He doesn’t hear Kaia say anything. Maybe she’s pretending she’s not even there. Dean has certainly pulled that trick a few times, holding his breath and remaining as still as possible under different girls’ beds, praying for their parents to leave the room.
“I know.” God, does he know. God? A small part of him wonders if Jack hears that, since they absorbed Chuck’s power. Or maybe Amra hears it- Dean doesn’t know if anything changed since the split with Jack. There are too many questions and too much guilt and confusion and anger swirling around in his head. He wishes Cas were here. Dean squeezes his eyes shut, pushing that thought out of his mind. Cas is in the Empty, whatever the hell that meant. There’s no way they’d be lucky twice and get him back. Especially not since Jack’s still dazed, lying on the ground as Sam still fumbles to comfort the kid, and Amara’s still staring at Dean like he’s roadkill. He feels like roadkill. He’d felt like roadkill since Cas left. “I’m sorry.”
He wakes up intermittently, stirring just enough to move around, maybe even shift his weight, and groan a little. The fourth time he half heartedly rolls over, Dean finally wakes. His whole body aches and the world is blurry. Beneath him, Baby’s engine purrs, and the window wipers occasionally thump, sloshing rain off the windshield. He blinks a few times, forcing the world into focus. He’s in Baby’s passenger seat, being driven down a long, lonely road. Outside it rains, but there’s no thunder or lightning. It’s dark out, and not a single star dots the night sky. Looking over his shoulder, a small smile pulls at Dean’s lips. Castiel is driving, a content look on his face. Some Taylor Swift song plays on the radio. It’s the one Dean gets stuck in his head sometimes, the pop beat too damn catchy. He’ll never admit this to Sam, but he actually loves it.
Dean glares in response. He’s not in the mood. Gabe rolls his eyes dramatically, unwrapping the candy and eating it himself. “You hunters are too distrusting,” he teases, mouth full. “I’m not trying to kill you *right now*.” Dean makes a show of checking Rowena’s sheet for the next symbol, ignoring the warrior of God in his room. “Fine! If you’re gonna be all business, I’ll get to the point,” Gabriel laments.
Dean nods. If this past month has taught him anything, it’s that he’s useless alone. He can’t do anything by himself. Truthfully, he doesn’t want to do anything alone anymore. Billie snaps her fingers, and smiles.
“I can’t Sammy,” Dean sighs. The words are strangled in his throat. He will not cry again. “I can’t do it. Not without Cas-”
One: he was here to find Billie and Castiel
“We both know that won’t hurt me,” she says, placing a hand on the barrel and forcing Sam to lower it. Supernatural strength- Sam again narrows down the list again.
“I saw Azazel, but he was surrounded by this…. Force, that wasn’t evil, but it was angry. And then I watched him get eaten alive.” Sam glances at Dean, taking his brother’s shocked silence as motivation to continue. “And then, last night, I saw Metatron.” Dean tenses at the name, flexing his fists a few times. “It was the same. The Force, getting eaten alive. But then I saw-” Dean raises an eyebrow, and Jack beams. “I saw Cas.”
A soft wind blows through the open doorway. In Castiel’s somehow reassuringly gruff voice, it asks if Dean’s ok. He nods, lying, and wipes away a tear. The breeze is warm, and swirls around him a few times. More than anything, he just wants a beer. Something to take the edge off, maybe some sleeping pills or one of Sam’s stupid tangents about the morality of monster hunting. He needs something familiar that he could hold onto and never let go of. Not for the first time, he wants Bobby.
There’s a sick kind of satisfaction he gets, being alone. He hates it, but that itself is comforting. With a job on his mind, he can finally push back thoughts of Cas. They’re still there, the empty backseat of Baby saying more than the angel ever could. But for a moment he can forget it all, gun in hand, sliding back into the role he’d always fit into. Hunting was his life. It’s a terrible, thankless, painful life, but it’s his.
Cas didn’t sleep, but he did wander. Sam would always bump into him before the sun rose. That’s what Sam misses most. Together they’d share peaceful moments, watching the sunrise and talking. Castiel was a good listener and saw right through Winchester bullshit. It was refreshing. His death hits Sam differently depending on the time of day. Mornings are the hardest. He’s acutely aware of his best friend’s absence. At least he has Jack, who tries to fill the void with bright smiles and interesting thoughts about Mobey Dick. Days are fine, usually. Nights are a dice roll. Something about the loneliness of the library feels supernatural. Sam is either comforted or terrified by it.
“Show yourself you son of a bitch!” Dean taunts, echoes reverberating down the corridors. Both hunters are standing now, back to back, waiting. This isn’t the first time they’d gone up against something invisible.
Rowena tells Dean to lay down in the center of the pentagram. Hyper aware of the eyes on him, he does as instructed, staring at the ceiling. He doesn’t know what will happen next, or if he can prepare for it. Rowena begins chanting, and pours something on his chest. Dean tries to keep looking at the ceiling, staying as still as possible, but whatever Rowena did starts to hurt. Burning, searing pain covers his body, emanating from every sigil. Instinctively, he flops on his side, crying out in pain. The room goes red, just before completely blacking out. He thinks he can hear Sam shout something, maybe commotion or a crash, but it’s distant. The burning only gets worse, and Dean’s sure he’s dying. Whatever spell they’re trying went wrong, there must be a missing ingredient or sigil or maybe Rowena missed a word or-
“And the thing about the Prophet Muhhamed?”
“We didn’t get off to a good start. I’m Naomi. Please, sit down. And put the gun away, we both know it won’t do anything.” It’s not a question anymore, as Sam feels his legs compelled to the table. Whether he wants to or not, his body sits down, mirroring Naomi’s posture. He also sets the gun down, still within arm’s reach, but no longer in his hand.
“Yeah, I can’t either,” Sam admits to the ground. The brothers stand in silence for a moment, stifled by the screaming absence of Castiel. “Get him back, ok?” The order is simple. Dean straightens a little, painfully reminded how Sam’s tone matched their Dad’s. “I can’t lose you, either, so you get him and you come back to me, ok?” Dean nods. Anyone who knows him knows he’s only too ready to die. Billie had called it “a martyr thing,” and Bobby summarized it in a few, less sympathetic, more colorful words. Of course, the cruel irony is that both of them are gone, but Dean is unfortunately still alive. All that self hate and destruction inside him wasn’t enough to do the one thing he wants. Sam can feel it too, his own self esteem similarly low. Winchesters are always looking for a cause worth dying over. But Sammy’s voice is pleading, needy, and desperate, like the cries of a scared child. Dean nods again, this time to himself. Doesn’t matter how tall the guy gets, Sam will always be his little brother. And Dean will always protect him.
“Before you died, you said something. ‘The one thing I want is something I know I can’t have.’” Cas nods, and there’s a distant look in his eye. He didn’t expect to talk about this after he said it, of course, but he stands by everything he said. Because deep down, Castiel knows he’s right. He can’t have Dean. Not really.
Sam spends the morning making calls and rounding up allies. Persuading hunters and witches to come to the same place in the same week is a fool’s errand. Charlie and Donatello politely refuse, but he convinces almost everyone else the Winchesters are still “friends” with. He hates to say it, but Sam does enjoy being in charge. Something about it feels right- that’s the scariest part. He was born to command Satan’s armies against those of heaven, starting and winning the apocalypse. Now he can barely wrangle a group of passive aggressive hunters into the bunker. Technically, that counts as fulfilling his destiny, right? No time to think about it. Everyone who showed up needs him, and Sam spends his days running down hallways and extinguishing metaphorical (and physical) fires. At least he has mornings.
“I know,” Dean says. His voice is equally haunted, equally hollow. It’s true: he knows. He knows the sacrifice Cas made. He knows Cas didn’t tell him for at least a year, and planned to keep that secret forever. And most damningly, he knows what Jack is feeling. Memories of that hospital room float in his mind. Tessa trying to reap him, Yellow Eyes possessing her, John’s final words:
“I love you.”
And then he wakes up in a cold sweat. He blinks a few times, trying to catch his breath, feeling the pain and fear slowly drain from his body. Nothing tries to replace it, leaving an empty weight in his chest. He misses Castiel.
“I need to show you something,” Cas whispers and that’s just not fair. Dean would do anything to keep this moment going. He doesn’t object when Cas steps back, takes his coat off, and then the tie, and starts unbuttoning his shirt-
Sam might not be supportive of Dean’s boyfriends, but he can support Dean. He slides another beer across the table, and Dean gratefully opens it, gulping the contents like his sanity depends on it. Tonight, it just might. He doubts his brother’s liver can handle the amount of beer it’ll take to get Dean to sleep, so he switches tactics.
The sun’s risen when Cas uses his voice again. He seems apologetic, and Dean instantly knows why. His shoulder aches as if it’s been stabbed.
Content Warning: light body horror
“Besides all the monsters you don’t know, there’s the ones you do. Ruby, that abomination that manipulated you into starting the apocalypse. Dick Roman, who would’ve eaten all mankind if you didn’t stop him when you did. Billie, who wants to become God! Think about yourself, Sam. For once, take this moment to finally shut the door on hunting and monsters.” Sam shakes his head. All three of those “monsters” were his family’s mistakes. They’d handled them before, and they’ll handle them again.
Alex doesn’t stop by for long. She hangs around in the doorway, making Dean promise to come back. She disappears before Dean can see her. Alicia Banes is similarly brief, but at least she did brings another paint brush and a second bowl of “paint.” It smells awful, but Dean won’t ask what it’s made of. Rowena promised him the less he knew, the better. Mrs. Tran offers some words of encouragement. Dean represses the thought of how much healthier she appeared, having given up memories of her torture. Distantly, he can hear the sounds of Sam making food. The group would want to all meet for lunch, seeing each other one last time before the ritual. Dean takes the time to finally be alone.
Dean finally finds the words, and continues. His fingers are still playing with Jack’s hair. It’s getting longer and longer. One of these days, Dean’s going to cut it. Maybe he’ll finally cut Sam’s hair, too.
“No. We’ll deal with whatever came out, the same way we always do.” Sam’s already talking like Cas and Dean are back, as if they’re here, suffering this interrogation with him. But they’re not, and his confidence begins to wilt as Naomi tries a different tactic.
And it’s that kind of supportive attitude that has him choking on coffee one bright, slow Thursday when Garth mentions he, his wife, and Dean all had a three way. Valiantly, he struggles past the caffeine assaulting his windpipe and takes a staggering breath, unsure what to do with this. He didn’t think Dean had a type, but sleeping with Garth felt like a step too far. This had to be a joke, the beginnings of a prank war that would end with bloodshed. But Dean joins Garth and Sam at the diner table, favoring his right leg, winks at Garth, and then starts discussing the possible tulpa one town over as if nothing happened. Choosing the path of least resistance, Sam says nothing, but opts to spend the night in the Impala, pretending he doesn’t see Garth’s wife slap Dean’s ass.
“We’re not the only things that made it out,” she explains. There it is- the thing Dean was dreading. Winchesters don’t get to win. Castiel leans closer to Dean and the pain in his side lessens a little. Naomi warned them about this- Naomi’s dead. Sam warned them about this- Sam’s not here. “A month ago, when you all attacked the Empty, the barrier between our worlds was weakened.” Billie choses her words carefully, and Dean gets the sense that she’s dumbing it down for him- the only non celestial being present. He can feel Amara knowing more, but holding back. “You’re going to need some help killing it.”
“I could feel the spell you’re preparing all the way in Kyoto. Thought I’d come see it for myself,” she answers nonchalantly. Some part of Dean despairs that she hasn’t come here for him, but a larger part is glad. He’s tired of fighting gods. But something tickles the back of his mind, the mark on his arm begging to be closer.
Suddenly, the bunker alarms go off. The room is bathed in red, as lights and sirens blare. Dean rolls onto his side, screaming in pain. Rowena nearly falls over as the ground shakes. Gabriel catches her. Jody’s covers the door, gun ready. Donna’s by her side, checking the hallway for assailants. Both women shoot Sam a look. Something’s wrong.
“Unfortunately,” he responds. He’s not sure this is a dream, but it’s too good to be real life.
“I want you to be there, Dean,” Cas continues, voice low and earnest and god Dean can’t think straight when he sounds like that. “I meant what I said, I’m happiest with you.” Dean’s not sure if Castiel knows what his words are doing. They’re exactly what he wants to hear, but they’re sweet poison. Dean only wants to be with Cas, but he can’t. He’s wanted it for so long,  but the world always finds a reason to separate them. The simple truth is that the longer Cas is by his side, the more peril he’s in. Dean knows what he is- a danger, a dick, a brother, a hunter, but above all else he’s a weapon. Loathing and rage and disgust and all the other destructive things on Earth forced into one well-trained serial killer.
Don’t react. It’s the first rule. Sam struggles to follow it, jaw tightening in anger, but he keeps his mouth shut. Naomi’s an angel, he knows how to kill her. It's small consolation, but it’s enough. He can’t wait to plunge an angel blade into her chest.
“You’re not the first guy I’ve painted,” he commentes, stepping close enough to steal Rowena’s sigil sheet and look at some of the designs. “Besides, you’re not my type.”
Cas is scared, but Dean’s body moves before the fear can paralyze him. He hisses some strangled battle cry, before charging. Naomi’s caught off guard, and Castiel seizes the opportunity. His first priority is saving Sam. Tackling her to the ground, Naomi regains composure and rolls Castiel on his back. Her hand’s still gripped around the angel blade, and Cas summons his own. He blocks her blade in a quick movement. Naomi grips Castiel’s throat in her other hand. He struggles under her, using his free hand to claw at her arm and trying to kick her off. She doesn’t budge. Adjusting her weight, Naomi parries Cas’s blade and stabs her own deep into his shoulder. Cas screams, his grace already swirling around the wound. He drops his own blade, using both hands to pull the weapon from his shoulder. Naomi pushes it deeper, overpowering him. She grabs his own blade and considers it for a moment.
“Naomi warned me you’d do that.”
Praying no one else would visit soon, he took off his pants, starting to paint the sigils that are meant for his thighs. Despite Chuck no longer having the power to ruin his life, the universe still doesn’t give Dean what he wants, as Max Banes knocked on the door not one minute after Dean closed it.
It’ll be better this time.
Two: something was eating people alive in The Empty
“Why?” isn’t the first question that crosses Dean’s mind, but it is the first one he allows himself to ask. Sam shakes his head, finally meeting Dean’s gaze.
But that would means condemning one of them to go back to that godless, frigid, gooey pit.
“I don’t like the sound of it either, Samuel. But we have to be rational. I came to you because you’re the most rational one here. We’re talking about the Empty. This makes Lucifer’s Cage look like a jack in the box. A mere child’s toy.” She’s picking at his wounds, trying to get under his skin. Sam doesn’t react. He doesn’t. “You know what that’s like, don’t you? Heaven’s second greatest failure’s pent up anger and rage all directed at you for over a year. Sam, I don’t envy your position. But for the sake of all humanity, you will leave Castiel in the Empty and spare us all worse torment than what you suffered in Lucifer’s Cage.”
“Not where they can’t help. Just where they can’t make things worse. Something’s already slipped out while you opened the door. Don’t make the same mistake twice, Winchester.” Naomi spits out his last name. This isn’t a debate to her, this is an order. Sam’s never been good at taking orders.
Because the next guy Dean brought home was Crowley, King of the Crossroads, Ruler of Hell, Professional Demon, and all around bastard. Castiel seemed equally annoyed by Crowley’s incessant flirting, but Dean brushed them off. His relationship with the demon was strange. The more the mark ate at his soul, corrupting him, the more time they spent alone together. And then there was that summer where Dean had transformed into a demon himself. Crowley loved nothing more than to share all the perverse, explicit, sexual and homicidal things they did together, in vivid detail. At least Benny kept his mouth shut around Sam.
“Took you long enough. I gotta talk to the serious angel. Where is he?” Sam’s heart quickens, a thousand thoughts running through his mind. Gabriel doesn’t know about Cas. Does he know about Chuck? About Jack? About Apocalypseworld Michael? Where’s he been? Is this another trick?
Billie and her smug grin. Dean doesn’t care. He’s been wandering for years. Decades. Centuries. Minutes? He’s just happy to see another person. He remembers why he’d come here: he had to get her back to Earth. He remembers who else he came for.
“We promised we’d never hurt each other,” she rephrases. Despite being billions of years old, she’s as fluent in coherent thoughts as a hormonal teenager. Dean picks up the conversational slack, answering her unstated, implicit questions. Why? How? What’s next?
He has about ten blissful minutes alone before being interrupted again. This time Jack and Miracle are at his door. Dean welcomes them in, worried when Miracle tries to lick where recently painted symbols lay on his arm. Jack shooes her away, before looking back at Dean.
The hairs of two lovers
“I love you,” Cas breathes into his chest and it doesn’t sound like a goodbye. It’s a promise. Dean nods, feeling Castiel’s hand on his shoulder.
“Leave.” Anna commands. Dean digs his heels into the nonexistent ground. He’s not going anywhere.
“Norse Gods?” Dean asks incredulously. How is this the first time he was hearing about this? “When were you gonna tell me you summoned a Norse God to deal with Gimli in Minnesota?”
“Ok loverboy. I got a plan,” Gabe retorts. The grin on his face isn’t wicked, per se, but it’s conniving. Sam’s sure he’s not going to like the plan. “You soften up Thumbelina, I got Ro, and tonight we both get lucky.” He swings an arm over Sam’s shoulders and leans in. “If we play our cards right this will be the best night of your measly little life.”
Being stuck in Purgatory with his, until very recently, clinically insane boyfriend after just wishing to see him again was not what Dean had imagined when people told him “careful what you wish for.” Even worse, said institutionalized man promptly left him *again*. Dean could take a hint. This one seemed to be a little forceful, and cruel, but he could read the signs. Cas left him so many times, he finally got the message: it was over. So Dean moved on, fending for himself. Benny came along, and Dean felt his phantom wrist pain again. He wasn’t sure if the ongoing nightmare that was being the only human in Purgatory- where every creature he’d ever fought (and many he hadn’t) could smell him from miles away and wanted to eat him alive- counted as the world punishing him for liking men. But he made do. Benny was a nice guy, and a gentle partner, yet something was off. John once said vampires mate for life. Back when he was alive, Benny had had a girlfriend, who he sometimes mentioned in passing. Dean and Benny knew they were each other’s sidepiece, but it wasn’t a problem until they finally found Castiel. On some level, it made sense that one of God’s warriors would be antagonistic to a monster, but that didn’t mean Cas’ bitching about Benny was any less infuriating. Then, after a long week when, if not for Cas’ ability to heal fatal wounds through just a simple touch, Dean would’ve died, Benny mentioned it. A blood bond. He wasn’t sure if the magic would work right with an angel, or in purgatory, with a vampire as the witness, but they were desperate. So the next night all three preformed the ritual, Cas’ grace mixing with Dean’s blood and Dean’s soul mixing with Castiel’s blood. He was feverish for a few days, but it worked. Their beings were connected now, stronger than ever. Dean could feel Cas’ life, his soft joy that emanated just from being near Dean. He wondered if Cas could feel it too. When they finally found the portal, Dean was relieved. Hell was worse, but he still loathed his time in Purgatory. All the hopes he stupidly built came crashing down when Cas didn’t make it. Alone in the real world, Dean cried. They were separated again. This time was worse. Their bond ached in the hunter’s chest. On a deep level he knew Cas was still alive, he could feel it in his bones, but that made their distance worse.
Witch
Jody’s next. The ring on her finger is almost blinding in the harsh, bunker lights, but she flaunts it anyways. She wears the same grin as last night. Not even asking permission, she waltzs into the room, picking up a brush and begins painting on his shoulder blade.
“I did what I had to,” he mumbles in a voice Dean recognises. He’s used it far too many times himself. In a strange way, the Winchesters and Banes are the only people who could recognise that tone. Every hunter has their sob story about how they entered The Life, but being raised in it is completely different. There’s a forced codependency between hunter siblings, visible if you know what to look for. Sam and Dean noticed it immediately, the way the Twins linger in the same room, or always sit next to each other, or meet eyes every five minutes. The Winchesters did it themselves, never wanting to be in different rooms, or have someone between them, or not know what the other was thinking. Their souls are conjoined, linked in some metaphysical way that meant any separation was too much. He wonders if Sam felt as lonely and broken as Dean did when Sammy ran off to Stanford. Did he stay awake at night, painfully aware how quiet the room was without his brother’s breathing? Did Max?
It’s a rush, his body expanding and contracting metaphysically to house all the nonhumans. Cas isn’t wrong, there were only a few, but each one hurt, a throbbing sensation gripping his whole body. When it’s over, Dean opens his eyes. All he sees is black. It’s not the same darkness as the rest of the Empty, this time it’s an all consuming color that let no light through. Something thick and cold streaks down his cheek. Something else, Dean assumes a finger, wipes it away. It smears across his face.
“What’re you doing here?” Gabriel asks, stepping closer. He weaves around Donna and Elieen’s bodies on the ground before getting close enough to hug Naomi. The woman smiles, but doesn’t reciprocate.
“Better than last time,” he admits. “And I remember more of what happened.” He’s referring to his stunt in the Empty, but also more recent events. Maybe Cas was right about this whole love and healing thing. The thought of saying it out loud is still nauseating, but Dean’s working around it. And he knows Cas knows that, if his kind smile means anything.
Sam’s no stranger to nightmares. It sucks, but that’s just the honest truth. When you grow up with the horrifying knowledge that monsters are real, your dad and older brother are leaving you every week to hunt them, and your only escape is through one of the most elite universities in the country, nightmares are the least of your problems. Stress permeates his life so thoroughly that Sam’s not sure he knows how to relax anymore.
Guilty, because Miracle licks his knee now, desperate for attention. There’s something Dean could fix. With all the gusto he can summon, so none at all, he stands up from his seat and hunts for anything to feed to her. The bunker doesn’t have dog food, but surely there’s gotta be something he could share. Finally he settles on a can of something (chicken? There’s a cartoon bird on the side), cracking it open and shoving some into a bowl. Miracle yips happily, devouring breakfast. Dean envies her liveliness, blissfully ignorant about all the loss in the world. Time marchs by, each Winchester finding something to occupy their time. Sam attempts to sleep again, after promising to tell Dean if he has another vision. Jack, at Dean’s suggestion, began researching whatever “angry force” Sam dreamt of. Dean honestly tries to help but, after a few hours, finds nothing. He wanders the bunker’s spacious halls, painfully aware how they’re supposed to be full. Sometimes he can even feel it. They’re not ghosts or spirits, but the haunting energy of former Men of Letters drifts across the halls. Dean can picture it when he closes his eyes, music coming from the war room, smells wafting from the spell rooms, laughter and footsteps as supernatural academics roam the halls. It’s all empty now: the rooms, the hallways, the caverns. They used to be full, not too long ago. But then Michael slaughtered the other world hunters, nearly taking Rowena and Cas too. It wouldn’t have made much of a difference- they’re both dead now. A chill creeps down Dean’s back and he stops short, realizing where he’d wandered.
“I promise. Now, are you gonna help me with these symbols or not?” Dean asks, reaching out to pet Miracle’s head. Jack rolls off the bed, grabbing the paint brush. For the first time in a while, they smile. It’s not one of those blinding, pure bliss smiles Dean saw on Donna last night. Jack’s smile is softer, the kind of mellow happiness a child his age should be feeling. For just a moment, Dean smiles too, feeling Jack’s celestial warmth. Turns out the kid’s quite a painter. Dean knows he should be worried, since this means they’ve been spending time with Rowena, but he pushes that thought aside. They get one of the ones Dean was worried about screwing up (apparently it had to be done in layers, and Rowena’s handwriting isn’t exactly legible) and set the brush down.
“Ok.” Sam tightens his lips, clearing thinking about saying something, but decides against it. He claps a hand on Dean’s shoulder, tells him they’re ready for the spell when he is, and then leaves.
They didn’t start actually dating until a few months later. He wouldn’t admit it, but when Zachariah had him cornered, completely alone, promising all kinds of torture not even Alastair could dream up, he was terrified. But then Castiel saved him, once again gripping him tight and raising him from the threat of holy perdition. Dean couldn’t stop himself. In a moment of thoughtless passion, he grabbed the angel’s scruffy face and kissed him until his heart rate finally slowed. To his surprise, Cas reciprocated, one arm snaking around Dean’s waist. He pointedly ignored the phantom pain plaguing his wrist.
Quite a few of the ingredients are already lying around. The bone, feathers, stone, salt, fruit, seeds, oil, and yarrow are easy enough to find. Jack offers one of their own feathers, stumbling around and rolling their shoulders for a few hours after it’s plucked. Claire and Kaia begrudgingly give up some hair. Linda Tran has more than a few memories ready for the taking, and Sam doesn’t have to give up too much blood. Garth supplies the baby’s laughter after a few days, leaving a closed, labeled jar in the war room. That’s their impromptu lab: the war room. Miracle’s been locked out of it (she keeps gnawing on the virgin’s bone), but is easily pacified, so long as someone else sits outside with her. More often than not, it’s Dean, absentmindedly scratching behind her ears, lost in thought. He sits in the hallway for hours, perfectly quiet. Sometimes he gets company. Most often they ask hollow questions, and Dean politely shoos them away. He’s fine, really. Going through the motions on autopilot is fine. It gives him a good cover for missing Cas. The closer they are to getting him back, the more Dean worries.
“Hello Gabriel.” All the warmth hidden in the archangel’s voice is lacking in her’s. Sam shudders, remembering the bits and pieces he knew about heavenly torture. Anna said it was worse than Hell. Cas considered it worse than his time as Lucifer’s vessel. His own experience with Lucifer in The Cage was indescribably awful. If Naomi could even get close to that amount of psychological agony-
“I can see every being in here,” The Empty continues, twisting Anna’s voice into something sinister. “But I can’t see you.”
Four: he was in The Empty, with no idea how to leave
Pegan God
“All good things, I’m sure,” Naomi laughs coldly. Fire flashes behind her eyes, and Sam wonders how many horror stories Castiel hasn’t shared. Maybe there are ones he can’t share. “I’m not here for introductions. You did the spell already?” Sam says nothing. She guessed Dean’s in the Empty already. “Unfortunate,” she murmurs, before clearing her throat. “You shouldn’t have done that. Do you know what the Empty is?”
But now Cas was gone, and with him went Dean’s reason to live. Sure, he got up every morning, wandering the Bunker’s spacious halls, listening to Jack excitedly babble about the newest Star Wars lore, or Sam gush about some True Crime facts, but he wasn’t there. Not really. Last time he’d been this low, Famine (the horseman) called him dead inside, his soul too weak to even be tempted. He didn’t feel dead. Just tired. Empty.
The last thing Castiel said was “I love you.” It made no sense. Of course Cas loved him. He loved Cas right back. He wished they had more time. But as soon as he’d said it, Cas was gone, taken by that stupid ooze into god knows where. He saved Dean’s life. For the next few hours after that, Dean cried, alone in the dungeon. Cas sacrificed himself and for what. The walls were cold and the room was dark. Wherever Cas was, it would be colder and darker. Dean didn’t want to think about it, but how could he not? Cas said the one thing he wants is something he knows he can’t have. Did he not know that he had Dean, forever and always? That even at their lowest, Dean would move heaven and earth to find him? To keep him safe? Doesn’t matter now. Cas is gone.
They’re all waiting in the dungeon. Everyone but Dean- the one person they actually need. Sam takes the time to ask Rowena a few questions. He knows Dean volunteered to go to the Empty because it’s dangerous. He didn’t even let Sam volunteer. Despite being thirty seven, Dean still sees Sam as the helpless baby he carried out of a burning home in Lawrence. Sam tries to calm his nerves. Rowena respects Sam, she’ll be honest with him. He asks about the Empty itself. She says he would know more about it than her, since he’s the one who dreamt about it. He asks about the spell itself. She tells him it’s completely homebrew, but she’s the greatest witch in history. He asks about last night. She tells him she hopes it happens again, if all goes well.
“Tell me where the Nephilim is,” she commands, standing from her seat. Sam tries to match, but he can’t move at all. His whole body is at her mercy, sitting upright in the war room chair. Confidently, she walks behind him, and holds an angel blade- where did she get that- to his throat. “Tell me, human.”
“You ready?” She asks. Dean nods, this time not worried about messing up any paint. “Dean Winchester don’t you lie to me,” she warns. “We’ll get him back.” For a moment, silence hangs in the air as Dean tries to believe her. Cas once told him that good things happen. ‘Not in my experience’ was his response. He didn’t believe Cas’ words then, and he certainly doesn’t believe Cas’ words now. “We could always do this tomorrow, if you need some time,” she offers. Dean shakes his head. No, he has to do this today. He can’t wait any longer. Cas can’t wait any longer. “Alright,” she mutters, painting another sigil and then leaving.
Letting out a happy squeal, Sam took the dog from his brother. Feeling the soft fur Sam smiled to his brother. This was specially from Dean! It was the best gift in the world.
After about a minute of swaying Castiel could hear Dean’s crying start to calm into light groans and hiccups.
Walking up the stairs Castiel thought he had better check in on his boys, it had been some time since Gabriel had taken Dean up for his nap. Stepping into the nursery he had expected to find them sitting on the rocking sofa cuddled up only to find the room empty. Where were they? He thought. Leaving the room he moved to look in his room. Entering his room he stopped in doorway at the cutest thing he had ever seen.
Relaxing into a happy sleep, Dean listened to the words his Daddy sang quietly. Letting out a small sigh, he smiled into Castiel’s chest. No one could replace his Daddy and nothing could ever make him forget him.
“I need you here so you can open the back door when I bring your baby over. We need to be quick so be ready.”
Gabriel could feel himself smiling. Feeding Dean was the best thing he had ever done, the boy was so adorable. Castiel watched his brother and baby, they were too cute together.
Dean frowned. He really didn’t want it.
Yep. He was differently smitten with the boy. Gabriel laughed to himself has he got out of the car.
Seeing the boy’s face Gabriel burst out laughing. “I’m only joking kid, you should see your face though!” he continued to laugh as he put the dress back in the bag.
“What for?” Castiel asked coming out of his thoughts at hearing Gabriel’s voice.
Humming, Dean nodded his head. That did sound good to him.
Walking up to the small group, Gabriel watched as Samuel looked up at him with big, fox like eyes. Gabriel could feel his nerves kick in, he just couldn’t stop looking at the beautiful boy.
“Uncle Gabe must still be asleep hmm,” He said down to his tired little boy. Crying had really taken the energy out of him.
“Cas? Cas where are you?” Dean knew that voice it was Gabriel. Sinking into himself Dean knew he was in for it now.
Hey everyone, sorry its been so long since I last posted, but here's my latest chapter, hope you all like it, and thank you for the kudos and comments you're all awesome :-) xx
Quieting down, Dean looked up to see a man looking down at him. The man looked older than him, but it couldn’t have been by much. He didn’t look very tall ether, but Dean couldn’t really tell as he was lying on his back. The man smiled as he pushed his light brown hair out of his grey eyes. “Did you have a good sleep baby?”
Looking over to Gabriel, Michael shrugged his shoulders, not sure of what to do with the little boy.
Sam started to feel anxious, Dean was just staring at him not saying anything, maybe Dean wasn’t happy to see him.
Lilith’s face scared face changed when she heard Gabriel talk to her. “Because Michael has worked too hard on the AB Program for it to be destroyed by his stupid brothers,” she said, glaring at Gabriel.
“Yeap, I just need to stop at the drugstore, then we’ll head back to yours,” Gabriel said, holding the door open for his little brother as he pushed the stroller out.
“How can you say no to that face?” Gabriel said pretending to pout.
Opening his mouth, Dean started to drink down the warm vanilla milk, this was different to how he usually had his bottle. It felt nice being in his Daddy’s bed, he just wished Daddy was here with him. Having Gabriel was okay, but he wasn’t his Daddy.
Laying a whining Dean down on in his stroller, Castiel kissed his cheek before standing to remove his shirt.
“If I may. If it is okay with Dean, I will have his car specially cleaned and polished with a special wax I use for all of my classics, then when I drop it off, it will look beautiful,” Crowley said, hoping to satisfy the little.
Feeling something rubber brush against his lips Dean turned away from the screen to see Daddy holding the bottle to his lips. Opening his mouth Dean let the nipple in, sucking lightly he turned back to watch the cartoons.
“Dean, I was going to wait till I got you home to tell you this, but I feel like I should do it now,” Castiel paused. He had to tell Dean how he felt. He just hoped the small boy would understand.
Still with his arms wrapped around Sam’s neck, Dean peeked at Gabriel to see the man smiling at him.
“I’m afraid not baby boy, he’s my brother Castiel baby,” Gabriel was stunned at what he just called the boy on his lap, he didn’t realise he said it till it was too late, but surprisingly it felt right.
Dean eyes widened when he saw his Daddy holding up a fluffy stuffed bumblebee. Dean had never seen anything so soft in his life. Holding his hands up, Dean hummed when Castiel lowered it so he could hold it. Feeling its furry body Dean smiled up at his Daddy. He had got this specially from him. Feeling his heart warm Dean pulled his bee in close, rubbing its fur along his cheek. “...anks...ow”
“What do you think bud, isn’t this awesome?” Gabriel grinned as he bounced Dean on his hip. Dean didn’t respond, he was too busy staring in awe at the beautiful machines. Seeing a classic light blue Chevy, Dean nudged his body into Gabriel to make him move closer. Seeing that the man didn’t move he let out a whine.
Dean laughed hysterically at his Daddy’s face, with the stick in his mouth. He looked in shock at the way Dr Bailey was treating him like he was a child.
“Not for me, you were always my angel.” Michael smiled cupping Castiel cheek.
“So it’s unauthorised,” Lilith asked, looking a bit smug.
“I’m here baby, I’m sorry I took so long, come give Daddy a cuddle.” Holding his arms out, Gabriel held in a sigh when he saw Sam’s red, tear stained face. He never thought of himself as a softy, but seeing his baby so sad was really starting to get to him.
“Did you give him Rosie?” Castiel asked, watching his brother sit in his recliner.
“What are you thinking about baby?” coming out of his head, Dean shyly looked at Castiel, giving him a small smile.
Castiel was watching Dean, his boy had his eyes fixed on the last car. Walking up closer he hears Dean breathing hitch. “Do you like this one baby?” he asked. Dean didn’t give him an answer, his boy had become very quiet. Cupping his baby’s cheek, Castiel turned Dean to face him.
Nodding, Castiel smiled down at his little boy. “Yeah we’re all fine now, Dean told us off. Said we were being silly, didn’t you baby?”
“There it is, the little is called Samuel Winchester, he’s fifteen...”
“Could you cuddle with Dean for me while I go help your Daddy?”
Closing the door behind him, Michael turned to face his brother. “Gabriel..please what has happened?”
“I had help,” Gabriel smiled glancing over to Michael, who was standing in the door way, looking a bit sheepish.
(I have Dean, I’m on my way back, be about 20 minutes, G x)
“What!” Gabriel said, acting shocked, “How could you Sammy? Daddy’s hurt.” Pretending to cry, Gabriel put his free hand over his face to hid his smile.
“What’s up bumblebee?”
“I...I sorry Daddy...De..De..he crying in his sleep...an he wouldn’t stop..it..it was scary Daddy….so I try bring him..to..you..I’m..orry.” Sam explained before starting to cry harder.
Waiting an hour, Castiel spots Dean limping past the car to the church. The boy didn’t look so great. Even in the dark, Castiel could see his boy was paler then normal. “That’s him Gabriel.” he said.
“Cas...Castiel,” running up to his brother, he lifted him up to his feet. “Cas come on we need to get going.”
“Okay. We just need to wait for him to fall asleep then I’ll go by myself and inject him with this.” Gabriel pulled out a syringe out of his pocket.
Don’t get him wrong, he was still feeling pretty terrified at Sam seeing him like this. He knew he would have felt the same if his Daddy had done that to him, but he just knew if he acted like everything was fine and normal it would make his little brother feel more comfortable.
“Did you get him any cloths Gabe?” Castiel asked, placing Dean’s diapered bum on the floor and holding him up with his hands under his boys arms.
Smiling, Castiel holds Dean close. ”They get kisses!” Bringing his lips onto the boy’s neck, he took a deep breath before blowing a deep raspberry into Dean’s skin.
Following not far behind, Gabriel and Sam entered as Castiel picked up a squirming Dean into his arms.
Stepping in he finds his little brother sitting at the dining table, quietly cradling his baby close. Dean looked to be asleep, holding his Daddy’s shirt.
He wanted his Daddy, where was his Daddy?
Gabriel sighed to himself as he waited outside the ice-cream store. He hadn’t been there long, but after another boring board meeting with Michael and Hannah, he couldn’t wait to meet up with Castiel and Dean for some much needed down time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, no kiddo, you don’t have to be sorry. If anyone should be sorry it’s me. Your Daddy was right, it was an accident. You shouldn’t have thrown your lunch on the floor, that was bad, but I did overreact and I am sorry.”
As they walked down the halls, Gabriel tried not to look round in disgust. The place was just disgusting, the walls were dark and grim with cracks from floor to ceiling and the smell was over bearing of bleach and shit but didn’t look clean at all.
“Good choice kiddo. Let’s get the ball pool to go with those, daddy might enjoy playing with these with you.”
“I hope so,” Michael mumbled, turning his attention back to the road.
“Oh he is just adorable. I could just take him home!”
Gabriel clean him up quickly. He really didn’t want the new baby to have another tantrum. Placing a clean, thicker diaper under the boy’s bum, Gabriel rubbed diaper cream around Deans small hole and between his legs. Dean’s skin looked a little red and sore. When his brother had told him about Dean he didn’t want to believe that the young boy sold himself for money.
Sam looked up at the man, he didn’t want to spoil the mood. “Like you,” Sam said, giving a shy grin.
“You’re still not talking to me, hmm? I think I might cry” Castiel said, pretending to pout. Resting his face on Dean’s shoulders, he started to whine, “I’m so sad, my baby won’t talk to me,” Castiel mumbled, pretending to cry.
“Okay Sammy, you can talk freely with me now,” Gabriel said. Smiling at the boy he could tell Sam was a bit weary of him. “So, can you tell me if you remember anything from before?”
Hearing light footsteps, Sam see a smiling dark haired man walk out of the living room. Studding him, he looked very like Michael only a little shorter. With shining blue eyes, the man looked happy to see them.
“...c..ar?...” Dean asked, looking back at his Uncle.
Once the food was finished Gabriel got up to take the plates away. Looking down at Dean, Gabriel smiled at seeing his nephew. The poor boy had his tired eyes blinking heavily at the screen, trying to keep them open.
“Yes, he was a bold little angel,” she said through her teeth, “Had to give him a little spank when he was misbehaving.”
Looking round Sam noticed a pink body suit with a Dalmatian stitched on the front. Taking a step towards it Sam stopped himself, it was over in the girly cloths. He couldn’t have it even though he really liked it, he was a boy and boys don’t wear pink, at least that was what John had always told him. Letting out a small sigh Sam looked over, upset he couldn’t have it.
Snuggling in close, Dean buried himself into the man’s warmth. Feeling his Daddy tighten his hold around him, Dean hears Castiel lightly hum to him.
“Hello, my name is Michael Novak and this is my brother Gabriel, we are the leading benefactors of the AB Program, we have come because their has been a misunderstanding involving a Little that has just been taken in.”
Castiel watched as Dean thought it through, he could tell his baby was fighting with himself.
“Hey don’t look like that Cassie. I said I was going to help you didn’t I?” Gabriel smiled, picking up the file to put it back, “I know how to perform the treatments they do to get the babies ready. All I have to do is grab the things we need, get Dean and we can do it at my house. As for the paper work, I'll sort it so it looks legal that you adopted Dean before the change. You earn enough money to support Dean so I doubt anyone will question it.” picking up his jacket Gabriel came to stand next to Castiel.
Gabriel couldn’t believe what he was hearing. How could any father do that to their child? First, he abandons Dean, then tries to sell his other son. What kind of man did that? One thing Gabriel did know was he was glad he’ll never meet John Winchester because he would have killed him.
“Okay Michael, I think she gets it. We don’t have time for her, we need to get Dean back.”
Taking a seat at the table Castiel sat Dean across lap. Using one of his arms to support Dean, Castiel pulled the plate closer to the edge. Smiling, he sees that Gabriel had cut up Dean’s pancakes into small pieces. “Thank you Gabe,” Picking up the folk he stabbed a piece covered in maple syrup. Castiel brought it up to Dean. “Open up baby.”
“Hello there Dean, it is very nice to meet you.” Even though the boy wouldn’t looking at her Hannah smiled encase the boy changed his mind. “Where is Gabriel anyway?” she asked.
“What do you want baby, do you want Daddy to keep on humming?” Castiel asked. Shaking his head Dean tapped his Daddy’s lips again. “Oh, do you want Daddy to sing to you?”
“Why not! He’s my baby,” Castiel frowned. He couldn’t help but be protective of his boy already.
Dean looked around the waiting room, pouting. He really didn’t want to see the doctor. He didn’t like the idea of someone poking and prodding at him. Looking round, he noticed other parents and their littles sitting around them. Like him, there were littles sitting on their Mommy’s or Daddy’s lap, others were running round the waiting room playing with toys from the play area.
“In here Gabe,” Castiel called from the kitchen.
“Alright then, go get a table and I’ll bring them over,” Gabriel smirked.
Dean sucked on his paci looking up at Charlie then to his Daddy, giving a small smile behind his pacifier. He didn’t really know what to do. Charlie seemed nice, but right at that moment it was to much for him, he just wanted to cuddle with his Daddy.  Snuggling into Castiel’s body and holding his bee close, Dean closed his eyes, hoping Daddy would get the hint.
“Okay baby.”
“Deany..shh it’s okay, I’m still here.” Lifting Dean into his arms quickly, he started to gently rock his baby to prevent him crying. “Daddy’s not going anywhere,” he added patting Dean’s diaper.
Pulling up onto the drive Dean could see that Daddy had got home before them. Seeing the man walk up to his door Dean smiled behind his pacifier, making grabby hands to his Daddy.
“Sammy, can I ask you some questions?”
Dean shook his head. There was no way he was letting Daddy put that in his mouth. Dean looked over to Gabriel pouting. Why couldn’t the man make him the pancakes again? They were awesome.
“I will never let you go,” he whispered, hugging Dean closer.
Seeing Dean smiling, Sam was glad his big brother was so happy. He always worried about what happened to his big brother. John never told him anything about Dean, and normally it ended with him getting hurt if he asked. He had always thought the worst was happening to Dean. He never would have imagined Dean being a little like him.
“No... really? I thought it was cute,” Castiel said, looking at the jumper again as he put it back on the shelf. He soon saw Gabriel walking up to him with arms full of clothes.
As he looked up Michael suddenly felt a hard fist to his jaw. Falling back he quickly grabbed at the wall to steady himself.
“Do you know what happens to little boys that laugh at their Daddies?”
Not knowing what it could be, Sam nodded eagerly.
“Sammy, you don’t have to be sorry,” Gabriel said. Pulling him way from his chest he waited for his boy to look up at him with sad puppy like eyes. “Baby, you have nothing to be sorry about. It’s okay,” he added, kissing Sam’s damp cheek.
Sam sighed, happily sucking on his pacifier. He couldn’t remember the last time he giggled like that. The way Gabriel made him feel was confusing and amazing at the same time. The man had been so nice he was starting to think he was dreaming.
“No Sammy.”
“I know baby, Daddy would have stayed cuddled all day, but I think Uncle Gabe has made us some lunch,” Hearing Castiel talking, Gabriel turned to see his brother walk into the kitchen with a sleepy looking Dean cradled in his arms. The boy still looked a little teary but a lot happier as he played with Castiel’s shirt buttons.
“It’s okay Baba, I know you didn’t.”
“Good thinking batman,” Gabriel grinned when he saw his brother give him a funny look. “Are you going to come with us?”
“Of course he’s nice Baba. he’s the nicest person you’ll ever meet, why do you ask?” Gabriel asked, confused at his baby’s question.
Shaking his head Gabriel cupped Sam’s check to make his baby look at him.
Dean started to calm hearing his Daddy talk to him. Seeing what was in the bowl Dean pulled a face at the strange brownish goo. Daddy could not be serious. He had seen nicer looking food in garbage bins he had searched through.
“Gabriel.” Looking up from his phone, Gabriel came out of his thoughts when he saw Castiel walking towards him pushing the stroller.
Walking up the stairs with Dean, Castiel walked along the landing to the door with a blue car shaped sign with Dean’s name painted across it. Dean’s nursery had been put in the room opposite his, which was good for him to get to Dean. Happily, Castiel opened the door.
“I’m nearly done,” he added when Dean cried as he rubbed the cream in. Letting the cream dry, Castiel pulled out one of the cloth diapers and rubber pants. “Deany, I’m going to put you into a cloth diaper tonight. It’s a bit more bulker then your normal diapers but it’ll be softer on your bum.”
Castiel nodded his head, “I have my baby,” he whispered tightening his hold around his boy.
Pulling his face away Dean frowned at his Daddy, making Castiel worry.
“What the hell,” he mumbled wiping the blood from his lip, “What are you playing at Gabriel?”
Once they were out of earshot Gabriel tapped on his brothers shoulder. “Everything okay now?”
Seeing Gabriel’s face fall, Castiel stood from the sofa. Placing himself on the arm of the recliner he wrapped his arms around his brother and baby. “Gabe it’s okay, it’s over with, Dean is fine.”
“Deany -Deany do you want to come to my birthday party? It will be loads of fun! We can have cake and -and dress up and -and play loads of games!”
“You okay baby?”  Castiel asked as he cuddled his baby, breathing in Dean’s babyish scent.
Soon as he said Sam’s name Castiel could have sworn Dean had stopped breathing. The colour from his baby’s face had completely drained. “Dean honey, Sam is a little.”
“Cas...CAS! Look at me, you have done nothing wrong.” Holding Castiel’s face in his hands he placed a hard kiss onto his brother’s forehead, not caring if he got blood on himself. “You have done nothing wrong,” he whispered, pulling Castiel into him.
“Now stop, there is no need for that,” Meg said as she pushes down the rail of the crib, “I’m just going to check your diaper little man.”
Nodding, Castiel understood, he also wouldn’t mind finding John Winchester and have a not-so-kind word with him.
Dean sat quietly on Castiel’s lap looking at the girl Charlie. She looked slightly younger than him. She was dressed in a purple sun dress with long white knee socks and purple doll shoes. He could tell she was a “little” like he was made into, but she was clearly treated older than him. She didn’t look like she was forced into being a baby. If anything, she looked happy being in Hannah’s arms, playing with the ends of her brown hair as Hannah rocked where she stood.
“Castiel Novak?” One of the men in black suits asked with a still face.
Gabriel looked to his brother, seeing what was clearly love in his eyes. He had that look that Gabe made seen many times before with some of his clients. “Oh Cassie….I think I might be able to help you.”
“No mama, I want to stay with Uncle Casey,” Charlie frowned at her mommy. She didn’t want to go home.
“Where are we Michael?” Gabriel asked, looking up at what to him looked like an abandoned hospital.
He’s more of an asshole, Dean thought. He would have said it but he didn’t see the point. When he was able to talk again he was going to call the man a hell of a lot worse.
Dean did try to ignore Gabriel talking about him. He couldn’t believe what was happening to him. He had no way of escaping by the sound of what he’s hearing. He didn’t want this but it seemed that he had no choice. Feeling anger build inside Dean could feel hot tears start to form. Screaming loudly, Dean pushed the pacifier out with his tongue. He felt it fall out down to the side of his face. If they wanted a baby they were going to get one, he thought as he screamed louder.
“Oh Betty...sweet Betty I really would love a coffee. I don’t think I’ll last much longer,” Gabriel smiled at the lady, running his hands down his face.
Castiel wasn’t falling for it. He could see Dean was struggling to control himself. “Gabriel, I’m just going to use the restroom, we’ll be back in a moment.”
“He’s in here,” Meg announced pointing to a play room. The room was very small with old run down toys and washed out colour on the walls. Inside they could see four littles playing on a dirty rug. Three of the littles were girls, with one boy sat facing towards the window that Gabriel and Michael where standing in front of watching them play. The boy looked tall compared to the others, dressed in blue overalls, playing with a teddy bear, he was talking quietly with one of the girls, while sucking on a pacifier.
Feeling an idea come to his mind, Castiel glance to Michael, “Mic, could you grab one of big blankets from the nursery please?”
Gabriel drove through town not caring about the laws of the road. He had to move fast and nothing was going stop him.Not bothering with parking he stopped his car at the front of the office entrance. Storming through the building he didn’t give a shit for anyone in his way.
Closing his eyes Dean rubbed in cheek into one of the pillow’s that smelt like his Daddy, breathing in the scent he relaxed into a light sleep sulking on his bottle.
Feeling a weight on his forehead Dean stretched, making himself comfortable under his covers. Peeking through his lashes, sucking lazily on his pacifier Dean smiled, falling back asleep feeling that happiest he had felt.
“We are going to look at cars baby. Would you like that? Help Daddy and Uncle Gabe find one for me and you?” Castiel said.
“Shh baby….It’ll be over soon.”
Leaving his baby to have some alone time with his brother, Castiel walked into the kitchen followed close behind by Michael, to find Gabriel placing three cups of coffee onto the table.
Seeing Dean pouting at him he knew he wasn’t going to get his boy to cooperate with him.
Feeling his cheeks warm, Sam shakes his head, burying his face into Gabriel’s neck he groaned into the man’s skin. He was a bit embarrassed that his new Daddy noticed he had a diaper on.
Baby! Wait, he was a baby, Sam couldn’t see him like this! What would he think seeing his big brother treated like a baby. He needed to normal again before he sees his brother.
Castiel gave him a side smile before letting out a sigh. “We’re okay. My baby isn’t so happy with me.”
Giving a small smile Dean grabbed at the back of Castiel’s neck. Feeling the man’s hair between his fingers he sighed happily feeling the softness. Seeing the mean, blue and purple bump on his Daddy’s head Dean frowned that his Daddy was hurt. Bring his lips close to the mark Dean lightly kissed the spot a few time just to make sure it helped.
“Well, when your child has a wet diaper again he’ll just have to wait for you to wake up from your lay in,” Michael said looking unimpressed.
Castiel sighed. He didn’t want to upset his baby, but there wasn’t a lot he could do.
Feeling a heaviness around his waist, Sam scrunched up his nose at the feel of his wet diaper. Looking down at himself, he noticed he was dressed in just a large t-shirt and his diaper. Walking up to the door, Sam peaked through the gap before opening the door and walking out into the quiet hallway. As he walked Sam couldn’t stop looking around in amazement, everything was clean and tidy. If this was his new home, it was a lot nicer then he could hope for.
Calming down slowly, Sam relaxed, breathing in his Daddy’s scent. He didn’t know why it bothered him so much, he knew Daddy was coming back, he said he was. But John use to say the same thing but never did. After Dean was kicked out, his real Dad always left him alone for a very long time.
“Daddy gone,” Sam mumbled looking very tired as he cuddled into his Uncle’s chest.
Gabriel laughed. “Michael would sell us if he made money out of it, he’d just see what we did as money loss. He doesn't care about anything but himself and profit,” He could see in Hannah’s face she knew he was right.
“Sorry Deany, we have to get up now honey.”
“I..big..Sam..” Dean tried, hoping Daddy didn’t get even more upset.
Turning back to Gabriel, Dean gave him a small smile before opening his mouth. Hearing both Gabriel and Daddy laugh, Dean waited for his uncle to feed him.
Smiling at the thought, Gabriel cuddled his sleepy boy as they left the store.
Holding up his hand Sam pointed two fingers. “Your two huh, such a big boy,” Gabriel said making Sam smile wider. Seeing Sam look up behind him, Gabriel turned to see Michael and Meg coming up behind him.
Opening his mouth wide Dean let Castiel put the folk in, soon as the warm syrup hit his tongue Dean hummed with delight. They tasted so good. Quickly chewing, Dean opened his mouth for more.
The next thing he knew, he was turned onto his belly forcefully, still crying loudly he suddenly felt something hit him hard across his diaper bum. He felt it again and again harder every time, turning his head he sees Meg was smacking his bum. Staring at her, Dean went quiet in shock, this was the first time he had been spanked since he was a kid.
“Sammy!!” Dean cried suddenly, holding his arms out as he made grabby hands to his little brother.
“Well I’m glad he likes them,” Gabriel said, placing his and Castiel’s plates on the table. All three sat in silence as they ate. Castiel ended up giving Dean some of his as the boy kept moaning for more. When they finished Castiel saw that Dean’s lips and cheeks were covered in sticky syrup. Suddenly he came up with an idea. Putting his mouth close to Dean’s ear he started to whisper.
“Dean!”
“Now baby, we can’t stay in bed all day.” Though he would love nothing more to do so, he knew the sooner things got back to normal the sooner they can forget everything that had happened.
Hearing a door open, Dean turned to see a dark haired women walking towards him.
Castiel stomach shivered when he felt Dean touch his skin. Looking down, he watched what Dean was doing, happy that Dean was distracted.
“Mr Novak, the doctor is ready to see you now,” the receptionist called from her table.
“I’m sure he wouldn't do that to his own brother.” Hannah looked a bit sceptical.
“Hmm it looks like there are two Winchesters, you said Dean?”
“My precious boy, it’ll be alright. Daddy’s with you. Daddy will never let you go.” Castiel was trying really hard to hold his emotions in check, seeing his little one so worked up was getting to him in ways he had never felt before. He just wanted to hunt down everyone that had hurt his Dean and make them pay for what they have done to his baby.
Michael grinned towards Sam as he glared at his brother, “Yes of course, shall we go?” he said not taking his eyes off Gabriel. He wasn’t sure about what just happened but he need to talk to his brother as soon as they were done here.
“Come on Mickey, get into this cuddle fest,” Gabriel smiled holding out his arm making a grabby hand towards his big brother.
Hearing the phone hang up Gabriel put his phone back into his pocket and ran back into the store to find his baby.
Hearing a light noise coming from the room next to the one he was in, Sam peeked his head in to find Gabriel fast asleep, snoring.
“Shall we go look at toys now?” Gabriel asked his excited little boy.
“Oh yes, I do believe our big brother has been very deprived of cuddles for too long.” Castiel grinned moving in closer to Michael.
But seeing his new family, the way they laughed and played, was nice. It made him feel warm and happy.
“Hey, what’s the matter with my baby boy?” Sitting down on the sofa, Castiel held his arms out for his child. Gabriel lowered the bundle into Castiel’s arms. Finally seeing Deans face, Castiel couldn’t help but smile. Dean was looking up at him with big green watery eyes, his soft smooth pink cheek stood out behind the large blue pacifier bobbing in his small mouth.
“Good, because if you use my baby to pick up girls again, I’ll do worse than kill you,” Castiel smiled, patting Gabriel’s shoulder hard.
Gabriel sighed. He felt like a shit! He felt bad at how he treated Dean. He had been a bit of a jerk to the poor boy. He didn’t mean to be so harsh, but seeing his baby brother on the floor bleeding, he just saw red and took it out on Dean. The boy looked so scared, Gabriel couldn’t get Dean’s teary face out of his mind.
“Here we go gents. These are some of my best I have recently come by,” Crowley said, indicating a handful of cars lined up along the back wall of the warehouse.
Oh thank god, she thought. “Cas...Cas! Gabriel has Dean, he’s bring him home,” she said showing Castiel her phone.
“Yes Baba?”
Smiling wide, Sam giggled, “Really Daddy?”
(Sorry I posted without editing, sorry for my spelling and grammar, that was so bad, I've never been a good spell but I didn't realise my grammar was so bad, I found a website that checks it all now, but please tell me if its still bad. thank you for all the kudos :-) )
When Dean first saw Sam in Gabriel’s arms the first thing that came to his mind was how big Sam had gotten, he had grown so much since the last time he saw him. Dean just couldn’t believe it, he had his Sammy back, and after all these years he finally was with his brother.
“What was his name?”
“I think Mickey needs a hug, what do you think Cassie?.” Gabriel winked getting up from his chair.
Enjoying the peacefulness, Castiel relaxed watching his baby. It was how it should be. No drama, no sadness. Just him and his boy together like he wanted. He just hoped nothing more happened to disturb their peace.
“When we were at the “Hospital”, the guy there said there were two Winchesters, didn’t he?”
“Thanks, Cassie.”
Thinking about his dad, Dean cried a bit harder. Why did this man pick him? Dean had heard about other homeless dispersing and never coming back but he never thought it would happen to him.
Taking long breath, Castiel bravely went up the stairs.
What nursery? Gabriel thought to himself, he hadn’t ordered any nursery.
“Oh baby, please don’t cry, we will go see Dean and Uncle Cas soon.”
“Where is he?”
Nodding, Sam rubbed his face into Gabriel’s neck, watching anxiously from his hiding place. He held onto his Daddy as they walked up to the front door.
“No thank you, Gabriel.” Michael glared.
“Ow...Christ Gabe are you nearly gone?” Castiel was trying to stop himself from howling. Gabriel was digging the tweezers in deep get the glass out.
“Oh shush,” Castiel blushed, playfully punching his big brother in the arm.
Giggling looking from Michael to his Daddy, Dean shook his head, it was funny hearing Michael telling his Daddy off.
Jumping, Castiel looked down to see Dean holding up a chocolate covered hand on his face. Hearing Gabriel laugh, Castiel burst out laughing, licking away the cream on his lips. His baby was just so cute.
“I need to talk to Castiel.”
Gabriel just smiled at his brother. He loved it when he made his little brother confused.  Without asking Gabriel lifted Dean out of Castiel’s arms into his own. “What do you think Deany? Daddy can get the Q3 for himself for everyday use and I can get you the Impala just for you, and you can get me or Daddy to drive you wherever you want. It’ll be like you’re a prince and me and Daddy are your chauffeurs.”
Huffing back a quiet laugh Castiel snuggled the sad little boy close, he knew what would cheer him up.
“Okay baby let’s get you fed. There is no way you’re eating that gunk.”  Hugging Dean close, Castiel placed one last kiss on the boy’s head. Moving Dean to rest his head in the crock of his arm, Castiel picked up the bottle from the table.
“Yeah, just got a little nervous,” he said, patting Dean’s diaper bum. Giving it a slight squeeze it still felt dry. Shrugging, Castiel didn’t want to make a big thing out of it, his boy was nervous enough. He didn’t want to make Dean feel uncomfortable with him, but he was worried Dean hadn’t gone since he woke up.
“Thank you Hannah. Thank you for all your help. I will give you a call about Charlie’s birthday party.” Castiel walked with Hannah to the front door, slowly rocking Dean.
Grinning, Gabriel watched his big brother smile as he started to talk away with his boy. He didn’t know what it was about Sam, but he could see his baby had a way of getting to Michael’s soft side, which Gabriel considered a miracle in itself.  He hadn’t seen this side of his brother in such a long time that he had started to think that the brother he had grown up with was gone. When they were kids, they were all so close and Michael took his role as big brother very seriously, he was loving and very protective. He wouldn’t let anyone mess with his brothers, but he also never let Gabriel get away with anything. It did annoy Gabriel when Michael acted more like his father then his brother. And he always thought Michael was softer on Castiel then him, but he had to admit so was he. Castiel was the baby and never really got into as much trouble as he did.
“I couldn’t,” Michael shock his head looking upset. “Believe me or not Gabriel but I do love both you and Castiel, it upset me that you hid this from me.”
Gabriel grinned before drinking his coffee again. He was glad his brother was happy. Putting the cup back down he feels something nudging him in the knee, looking down he saw a small sock covered foot poking him. Turning his gaze up he saw Dean’s green eyes looking at him from behind a stuffed bumblebee covering his face. “What’s up kiddo?” He asked, smiling at how cute the boy looked.
Gabriel fell silent, he was starting to regret not doing at he was told, but he wasn’t going to let Castiel be so smug. “Alright Deano, let’s go upstairs and leave your meany Daddy to clean up,” standing from the sofa Gabriel turned his nose up to his brother, walking up the stairs.
Coming out of his thoughts, Gabriel looked down at the boys in shock when he heard Dean. It was Dean telling Sam off. The boy looked mad towards his little brother, before glancing up toward Gabriel giving him a look like he was saying sorry for Sam.
“Is it settled then?” Crowley asked, both Gabriel and Dean nodded, before looking to Castiel.
“It’s okay baby Daddy will clean you up. I think a bath will make my boy feel good.” Smiling to his baby, Castiel turned to walk up the stairs. “How does that sound baby? A nice warm bath, then we’ll have cuddles before bed.”
Gabriel looked down at the sad little boy in his arms, his heart melted at the sight, he just wanted to cuddle the boy and never let him go.
Dean glared up at him before looking away in a huff.
“Dean! Dean it’s okay baby, Daddy’s here. Daddy’s got you -you need to calm down baby.”
Hugging for a long while Gabriel pulls his boy forward to make Sam look at him. “Right my little man, I think it’s time we head home,” He said, smiling happily.
“Dean’s in the living room, Sweets.” Turning away from his family, Castiel moved back into the living room.
“We need stuff for Dean. I only grabbed a handful of diapers and I don’t have a baby stuff here. You need diaper, bottles, cloths, food and formula, I’m just going to get what we need till tomorrow when we do get the bigger things for your house like a crib and other stuff.” Gabriel grabbed his wallet and keys and headed out the door without saying goodbye.
“You’re safe baby.”
“It’s it all my fault Gabriel...”
“Your Daddy is going to spoil you Samuel. You’ve got yourself a Daddy that’s a big kid himself,” Michael said, looking at the boy though the mirror. Hearing a giggle behind him, Michael glanced over to see Gabriel sticking his tongue out at him. “Honestly Gabriel, I can’t tell whether Samuel is the little boy here or you.” Smirking Michael winked at Sam, making the boy laugh hysterically.
“Michael your not going to..” Feeling his heart in his thought Castiel watched as it looked like he was going to spank his baby.
“That’s good.”
“You... set them up? While y’all were on a date?” Sam questioned. “That’s weird, dude.”
“Because I love you.”
,” Hannah said before hanging up. Castiel let his phone drop down to his lap. He couldn’t find the strength to get up.
Castiel waved as Sam drove away.
“I missed you too. How are things in the city?”
Jo went inside and Dean got in his car and started on his way.
“Yeah, and I wouldn’t mind that. But everywhere I look is a picture of Inias and I start feelin’ real fuckin’ guilty.” Dean played with Eileen’s fingers as a means of distraction and she let him.
“They haven’t been able to fill out the position in a long while. So I’ve just been doing it myself.”
Eileen puts her hand on Dean’s, silent because she also knew that to be true. “Dean, if you don’t talk to him about how you’re feelin’ then he’s not gonna realize he’s even doing anythin’ wrong. He can’t read your mind. You need to talk to him before you do that exploding in rage thing you do.”
“What? Oh! No, dude, not through me. She and Charlie are talkin’ now, so maybe then.”
Sam snorted but got up and grabbed his keys.
Dean drove throughout the town and stopped at every single business and nothing. He was beginning to think that he should’ve listened to Sam and just started at the next town over.
“Hello, Sam,” Castiel greeted when he opened his front door. He stepped aside to let Sam in.
“I guess that makes sense. You’re kinda used to going out and picking people up,” Eileen noted.
"Dean?" He heard. He blinked a few times and looked up at a lady doctor. "I'm Dr. Barnes. How are you feeling?" She asked.
Castiel sat there completely motionless as Inias’s services went on. As everyone went up to say their goodbyes and toss dirt onto the coffin, he knew he was definitely in shock. He knew that now, everyone kept telling him. He hadn’t shed a single tear yet. Two and a half weeks have come and gone so quickly.
Sam chuckled, “Oh yeah. It was the first thing Dean ever learned how to cook and he’s perfected his own style by now. He calls it an art.”
“Then what am I supposed to do? Just move in and walk around your life with him? You want me to just come home to a place that belongs to another man?! I’m supposed to just be understandin’ and let our relationship sit on the back burner when you promised me you’d
Eileen left it at that and went back to watching TV. Dean went back to washing the dishes and trying not to feel slimy. He included a burger for Castiel’s husband so it wasn’t like he was trying to win him over with his awesome cooking skills.
“It’s not like I need the money. I’m there anyways,” Castiel replied.
“Well, I’m looking forward to it. Please, tell Eileen and Dean I said hello and let me know if you enjoyed the pie. I’d be happy to make anything else for you.”
Dean left the town hall building and sat in his car for a moment. Sitting in Texas summer heat wasn’t ideal but he just needed some time to himself. He was happy to have a job that he could do by himself, with no one around to bother him. As much as he loved being in cities, he liked it best in the in-between time. In the car going from point A to B to C, all the way to Z.
Migas is a dish that consists of corn tortillas, eggs, and different vegetables and seasonings to suit your taste.
didn’t wanna go?” She finally asked after a few minutes of silence.
. I need to call my mom. I-I have to pack up. I need to take his body home and-and plan the funeral,” he said, his breathing getting quicker.
“I don’t wanna talk about it, Sammy,” he snapped.
“I... don’t get it,” Eileen said.
“Dean, what’s all this about?” Castiel asked, moving a bit further away from Dean with his arms crossed. He looked uncomfortable, like he’d rather be anywhere else.
Castiel felt so happy that Dean was finally awake, but he also felt hollow. He wanted to run to Dean’s side as fast as he could, but he knew he would just run away if something happened again. The if’s are what kept him at bay.
“Hi, sweetheart. I’m back again today. A little earlier because it’s time to clean the headstones again,” he explained. He squatted down and placed a kiss on Inias. “I love you.”
“And you? How’ve things been around here?”
Dean sighed and turned to her. “Because I’m cleaning up,” he said.
"I missed you so much," Sam sniffled. "I need to call the doctor in here. They kept tellin' me that you might not wake up, but I had faith. I knew you wouldn't leave me behind." Sam was about to start crying again.
It's my pinned tweet.
“Where are you going? Please stay so we can talk about this,” Castiel said.
That’s how Hannah found him.
"Love you, brother," he mumbled, smiling up tiredly at Sam's face. His face felt hot and he felt so tired all of a sudden. His eyes started drooping shut and Sam gasped.
“Hey, man!” Sam said. “How was the date?”
He gestured to the walls. “You’re okay with taking most of these pictures down?” He asked.
He took a seat on the stone bench he’d had installed and sighed softly.
“I’m sorry, Dean. He shouldn’t have said that and there’s absolutely nothin’ you did wrong. You didn’t forbid him to see Inias, you just wanted him to see you a little more, and there’s nothin’ wrong with that. He’ll come to his senses,” Sam tried to assure him. He let Dean cry on his shoulder, angry with Castiel for hurting his brother again, but he tried to be understanding of both of their situations. Dean’s his brother though, and he protected him first
It had taken him a few months to cry. When he finally did, it was like he couldn’t stop. He thought about the kids they could’ve adopted together, the places they could’ve traveled to, shopping for a home together, bickering over which furniture and decor, cooking together, growing old together. They got a couple of months of living together officially before Inias was taken away from him. It was cruel and unfair and he still hadn’t forgiven God for taking the love of his life away from him. He didn’t think he ever would.
"This is terrific news, Sam," she said eventually, a relieved smile on her face. She'd grown close to all of them in the couple of months they've been here. She knew Dean was the only family Sam had left and she watched Sam not taking care of himself. Just last week, she had to hook him up to an IV because he was about ready to collapse. But right now he looked like a child on Christmas morning.
“Look, man, we barely have time together and every time I visit, I just see all these pictures of him. And it’s nice sometimes, you know? But you and I are goin’ out now and it makes me feel like I’m not good enough for you.” Dean stood up and walked over to the picture he’d made eye contact with earlier. He smiled sadly at it. “It just makes me feel like—like you wouldn’t have even given me the time of day if he was still here.”
“Okay. I’ll be back soon,” he said, leaning down and kissing Eileen on the forehead.
“Hello, Sam,” Castiel greeted, welcoming him inside. “Dean’s pie is in the kitchen.”
” She asked.
She rolled her eyes fondly and punched him in the shoulder. “It’s good to see you, too! How was the drive?” She asked.
“Then why do you still see him more than you see me?!” Dean raised his voice a little, wanting to protect himself.
“You’re more than welcome to stay, of course!”
“I better get going then,” Crowley said.
Dean knocked on Castiel’s front door since they were having dinner tonight and smiled widely when he saw his boyfriend's face.
But he hadn’t expected Dean, coming in like a hurricane with that dazzling smile and heartwarming laughter. More importantly, he hadn’t expected his being. Who he was as a person, so caring, and funny, and free-spirited, and loving, and just...
“This is perfect, man! Thank you so much. Dean is gonna be knocking on your door every day after he gets a taste of your baking,” Sam joked.
“Definitely. Is it all right if I give you a good night kiss?” She asked.
Castiel shrugged. “The same. Garden is growing more and more and I’m actually thinking of beekeeping.”
“Dean…”
“This is Castiel?” Dean asked, looking at his Twitter pic.
"Tired," he said, his voice still scratchy. "Hot."
“I had a great time today, Dean,” Jo said when he dropped her off at her front door.
The night when he was going to call Dean, he was so damn sure but when reality hit, when he realized that Dean was capable of getting hurt, he ran. There was no way he could show himself in front of Dean anymore.
That was Sam's voice, reading Vonnegut, Dean recognized. Slowly, he cracked his eyes open, the bright overhead lights and the sun peeking in from the windows burning his eyes. He shut them again before trying once more and keeping them open. Sam was still reading, unaware that Dean was awake. He wondered where Eileen was, but he figured she was at work after a while.
Back in Guam, a lady stopped by and helped him prepare for everything here in Texas. She called the funeral home, helped him pick a special casket that they’d never see the inside of because it had to be a closed casket, helped him pack up everything including calling movers for him. There was no way he was staying in Guam. Not without Inias. He decided to move back to Texas. That had been their plan anyway. They wanted to settle back down in Texas when Inias’s contract was up.
Delete.
“Y’all are the best.” He grabbed his things and went into his temporary room. Dean decided to unpack later and just flip down on the bed.
Thank you so much for reading and supporting! <3
He got back to cleaning up the mess he made and washing the dishes. He pretended he didn’t notice Eileen lurking in the kitchen doorway.
Without realizing it, he’d slumped to the floor and stared at absolutely nothing. He only had one friend who lived in the same apartments. He grabbed his phone from his pocket and dialed her.  She knew what it was like. Inias and her husband had the same job and they were like brothers. They all were.
“I missed you so much,” Sam mumbled.
In the living room, he was met with Eileen who he quickly scooped up into his arms and gave the tightest hug he could without actually harming her.
“That’s impossible.” Castiel sounded so sure and confident when he said that, Dean felt like he got splashed with ice-cold water.
Dr. Barnes checked his temperature and hummed. "You have a slight fever. You must be exhausted," she explained. "Get some rest and press this button, or have Sam do it, the next time you wake up, no matter what the time." Dean felt so grateful, he could cry. He was pretty sure he released some tears as his eyes slipped shut and he drifted off to sleep. There was only one person on his mind.
He didn’t want any of that money. He just wanted his husband back. But he was gone forever, their future ripped from them.
Castiel saved the other burger for Gabriel. He was positive it’d taste just as good warmed up.
I feel kinda guilty for thinking he’s pretty…
“Why’d you come for me in Arizona, Cas?” Was all Dean replied with.
