The look on his little brothers face breaks his heart, but his emotional pain is quickly forgotten when his cell mate walks a little too closely behind him all the way back to their bunks.
Dean thinks it's so weird that this man hasn't called him
seems to be his favorite late at night when he's
They both groan and moan, Dean whimpers and whines so much - Castiel loves it. Dean enjoys this position, he's hugging Castiel and his arms don't show.
John glances at the TV, "Needed more cash."
"Nah-" John gulps, he wasn't ready for that either. "-next time." Castiel's clearly disappointed, he's thinking that nothing more is going to happen between them tonight. "-it's all about you right now, just let me make you feel good." he's confused, until his cock is being pulled out his pants.
"Dean-"
"I don't think we should be seeing eachother anymore." Castiel said softly, eyes focused lazily on the white bathroom tiles on the floor. "This isn't working."
"How is he?" he asks finally once he's sure the teen won't be walking back in suddenly.
Castiel laughs softly, "Sure." and he slowly gets up from the sofa, from underneath the boy. He's in the kitchen putting enough milk for two to boil on a small pot when Dean walks in to join him, taking a seat at the table.
"Watch
on John Winchester.
inside. It was almost as big as his stepfather and pink, it was fucking
It's all good until it no longer isn't, Tommy wasn't expecting for any of it to hurt. All the touching and kissing, that was his favorite part. The fun ends for him when Castiel begins pushing into him, it was gentle as promised but that doesn't mean that it was pain free. It burned and getting stretched out hurt like hell, soon he's crying under the harsh weight of this man.
That's enough to make Castiel pull down Dean's too small boxers he was wearing under the dress- he makes a note to maybe buy him his own panties soon. His dick is freed- and it's already hard. They both are. "Such a sweet girl for me. Aren't you?" he whispers, kissing along those freckled inner thighs.
Castiel walks by the office entryway, "Everything alright in here?" and he sounds distracted.
"I'm serious, Bobby heard it too- he's on the phone with pastor Jim."
back was even better. They're in bed together in somewhat of an embrace as they read
"You had a life before us-" Dean states, voice laced in guilt. "You had friends before you came into our lives." by our lives, he means his father and his. "You actually did your own thing. Things that didn't revolve around me-"
"Ughh-God-" he cries softly, involuntarily fucking backwards on the two thick fingers inside his body. "-shit-"
"Alright alright-" Castiel yanks the teen up to his feet, "I'm going to ask you to marry me soon enough, don't ruin it." he kisses his forehead. "You're going to be my wife." he smiles.
Castiel takes the glass from the teens loose grasp and sets it on the table. "You're so cute-" his words are sultry. "So handsome-" then come the neck kisses. "You like when I do this, right baby?"
"So?" Dean stands up when he walks through the door to the waiting room, "Are you sick?"
The young man blinked up at Dean, "You're a very strange man, I have to go...Mother is expecting me."
The next few days don't go as Dean had thought they would, the week had gone and went and Castiel had broken his promise of taking him out to a movie and out to eat on Saturday. Castiel never showed up. Dean called his phone several times on Saturday morning to remind him of their plans, no response. He texted about a dozen times with no reply before eventually just going over.
Dean is looking up at him beautifully and accidentally hiccups, breaking the spell the older man found himself under. The broken spell lastly only a moment before moving in again to kiss his face but he seems to be over the whole thing and reaches for his quickly melting milkshake in the cup holder.
"Wait-" he calls out after her, "And Cas?"
Dean smiles, "Awesome."  With only half an hour to go before they reach their destination, Castiel pulls into a gas station for some fuel- he leaves the sleeping teen alone in the car while he goes inside to use the restroom and pay to fill up the tank. No one else is in the store so he takes his time looking around at the different snacks there are- Dean did manage to polish off all the chips so he picks up another large bag and two bottles of water. He's about done swiping his debit card when Dean comes into the store -"You okay?" he asks as the clerk puts everything in a thin plastic bag.
Castiel feels something happening inside of him and he's pretty sure that he's about to throw up. "Hold on-" the weak plea escapes him suddenly but Alex won't stop riding him deliciously. Soon he's coming, coming so hard that choked sobs are being punched out of him just from the pleasure.
"I'm afraid it is." He wraps his arms around the teen, "You'll be safe, it's just a precaution." his lips are ghosting over the teens, "Nothing will happen to you-" they kiss, softly for a few long moments. He takes a few seconds to look into those green eyes so he can memorize just how green they are. They remind him of
Castiel groans and lifts the blanket to let him in. After a minute he feels the heat coming off his body and the sweat on the sheets underneath them both. "What's wrong with you?" he gets up and turns on the light, finally seeing how pale Dean is. "Dean-"
"Go ahead-" Castiel sits down on the chair and watches the teen get the fire on the grill started. After all, the view was nice.
And the universe seems to hate him because Castiel's car drives up the dirt drive way and he parks a few feet away from them. "Hey-" he opens the car door and steps out, "This is a surprise-"
but he doubted it.
He can't leave John. He just
Dean blushes, his milk shake comes and he quickly starts sucking on the straw. It made his throat feel better. "So the injections-" he speaks up, watching his step dad eating his food. "You're gonna do them?"
He doesn't wake up until the next morning and he's surprised he slept so long, it's around nine when he makes his way to the kitchen for coffee when he hears hammering next door. From the porch he saw Bobby and Castiel outside the home, working to get the window fixed. He smiles sadly at the view and goes inside. After the window is fixed, Bobby spends the day out back working on a car.
" True, I'm really sorry. We can try. " Castiel tried to smile and be convincing that this would not create problem's with his parent's at some point.
Castiel looks over at John briefly before refocusing on the road, ignoring him the rest of the way back. Before getting home he stopped by McDonald's to get Dean a happy meal and burger meals for John and himself.
Dean perks up and gets onto his knees on the couch, his hands are placed on the older mans thighs innocently. "Can we go to the pet store and look at them?" his eyes are pleading, "Please-"
A loud clap of thunder startles Dean enough to wake him up and he was glad for the storm, he'd been having a nightmare since he'd fallen asleep. He was being chased through the woods by a dark shadow. He tries to fall asleep again but he can't, the lightning outside the window keeps lighting up the room every few seconds so he just watches Castiel sleep. Eventually Castiel opens one eye- "What are you doing?" he asks.
Cas rolls out of bed the next afternoon, turning back to look at the empty space where John should have been.
In the evening, he still hasn't left his bed- only got up once to use the bathroom then straight to bed. Bobby opens the door, he's got a bowl of soup with him- "You gotta eat boy." he says, now feeling guilty that he made Castiel leave-but it's too late, he already signed a lease. "Dean, it's unhealthy you can't seem to live without that- that man." he refers to Castiel. "He ain't even your real father-"
I keep forgetting to replace the flickering light bulb on the ceiling, doesn't bother me as much as it should since I don't spend much time in here. My bed is large enough for two, yet Cas still spends his time in the spare bedroom down the hall. There's a nightstand on either side, I should get rid of the second one, but I can't. Or won't- I'll always have it just in case.
"You don't have to baby." he keeps pressing gentle kisses on the boy, "You just turned me on so much today, when you humped the bed like that-" he whines. "What if you pretend I'm not here- "
"Yeah, when I was eleven." Dean's shoulders sag, in deep thought. Castiel kisses his wet forehead, not saying anything else.
"I...was joking about the car, I don't care about cars. What I really want; you can't give me."
Dean shakes his hand frantically to dull the pain, "I had a girlfriend, before-" his voice is unsure again. "Why you friggin' pushing this-" and wipes his hand on the rag he's given. "Being with a girl was nice, but I love-"
Castiel smiles. "So why did you stay Sunday school was like a cult?"
"A strip club?" he chuckles, it really wasn't his scene but he did forget his birthday so he agrees. "Sure, let's go to a strip club." his hands are thrown in the air like it's going to be pure torture.
Castiel shrugs him off, "Your burger's almost done, go sit down."
"You're the one who can't swallow-"
Dean licks his bottom lip quickly before saying, "I don't know man, maybe we'll have a threesome or something-" the look on the older man's face has him backtracking. "Learn to take a fucking joke, Cas."
"Shut up." Dean picks at his breakfast before heading for the shower. It's not until he steps out of the shower that he notices the bruises already forming on his hips, "Jesus Cas-" he checks his arms, one there- he checks the back of his neck- another one there. For some reason he's reminded of the battle wounds he came home with after that day on the train tracks and he feels like crying. He grips the counter and- his eyes well up with tears- feeling as if the progress he had made this summer has gone down the drain. Like he's back to square one.
Dean holds onto the towel around his waist, "Finally-" he winces, then asks, "-are we having pie?" suddenly intrigued by the holiday.
Castiel finishes half of his third slice of pizza before he's excusing himself, "I'm gonna take a shower and go to sleep-" he gets up and disappears down the hall.
"Whatever happens, you call me alright?" he runs his fingers through his friends short hair, "I'll come running." After a few moments they part ways again, Dean wishes he could stay longer but he knows Castiel will be home soon. When the front door slams shut it startles him, he looks over at the clock on the wall and it's barely six in the evening- he's home early. "Cas?" he gets up-
"That's not gonna fly with Jess, she wants a
"Dean's thrown a few punches at me-" Castiel wipes his nose at the reminder, "There was a time I got called to his school every other day for starting a fight-"
The boy screams "Dad!" in fear and it wasn't because he was sort of being kidnapped. It was because he saw his super scary father step out angrily from the bedroom the second they exited the home.
Some friends were made, but Hannah and Castiel used book club as a means to get away for a few hours and gossip over wine. He was totally one of the girls and was more than alright with that because it was just nice hanging out with adults for a change.
Dean gets out of bed and wanders around the home, it having been his third time in it he takes the time to explore the large place. Peeking into every room in the house, he finds what he assumes is Castiel's office. It's still pretty bare but there's a basic black desk near one of the larger windows with his laptop sitting on the surface, opened. He closes the door and heads for the kitchen, there's not one thing in there he would eat. All he had were ready meals and things to heat up in the microwave- basically everything is frozen. No cereal, no chips, nothing fun.
The doctor was an easy target, especially in the midst of drunk neanderthals after hours, with his glasses and sweaters. Those guys would have a field day with him and he's just so over it. Dealing with his
Dean smiles strangely because he's filled with an odd sense of guilt. "I'll try not to make your life hell again-" the words are spoken awkwardly but he means it.
Dean thinks about it, surely he can talk to him about anything.
"Aww baby-" Castiel coos, "I'll take you to get some of your own before school starts." he admires the teen. "You're so cute in glasses-"
Dean goes down the hall to Castiel's room, he pushes the door open and finds the blue eyed man just like he expected. Naked and waiting for him in bed, with his rock hard dick in his hand. "That mine?" he nods. When he gets closer, Castiel starts grabbing at his ass- "Not tonight, you said I get too loud." Dean takes his time, kissing Castiel's chest- actually giving him a hickey near his nipple. "Miss you, Cas." He kisses up the mans neck, to his ear and kisses him where he kissed robin.
"What's por-"
Dean getting older- that was sparking up new ideas to try out. New ways to be rough with him now that he could take it. Those panic attacks worried him, he couldn't completely lay it on him.
Castiel kicks back the last of his drink before answering, "Well, you do like taking pictures-" and they both know just what
his voice cracks accidentally. "I have to get to work-"
"At the hospital, in the ER- " he strokes the boys hair lovingly, "Some guy was yelling and almost knocked over a nurse is all I heard. Gossip you know...the nurse he was angry  with was my friend Meg. Do you remember her?" Dean shakes his head, "You met her once a few years ago." That's when he nods as if saying yes now I remember. "Anyway, she told me what happened and I had to go see who this guy was."
Castiel relaxes, "We're good then?"
The door creaks and Dean's eyes fly open, "What are you doin'-" he yawns, one hand on his stomach, the other behind his head on the pillow.
It's not until one night he comes home earlier from from work than he told Dean he would, around seven in the evening. He unlocks the front door and lets himself in, he sees that the TV is on but it's been put on mute. He walks into the living room, "Dean where-" he almost gasps when he sees Dean laying on top of someone- for a split second he assumes it may be Sam but he sees a mop of orange and red hair under him. Castiel is angry.
Castiel yanks on his arm to hold him back, Bobby walks ahead and gets into the car to wait for them. "You promised you would do this for me-"
" My adoptive parent's told me about these things...They told me to never let anyone touch me or kiss me like that, it's not allowed. "
Dean smiles sadly, "Because he didn't have a choice. He's not a bad guy- when my dad left, what was he supposed to do, just leave me-" he starts crying again, his head between his hands, elbows resting on his knees as he holds himself upright.
Particularly one woman, the one who checked his hand for a ring. She did have big tits, big lips too. Perfect for kissing, among other things.
"I hate me too." he rocks her back and forth in his arms. "I know I shouldn't have come to your house that night.."
"I thought you liked me skinny-" Dean says softly, Castiel shakes his head.
"Robin is your friend-"
Bobby wraps an arm around him and kisses the top of his head.
Castiel goes red, "Excuse me?" but his interest is peeked and he can't deny it. "With who-"
Dean has a boner instantly, unaware his blood has already been drawn. "You were a nurse?" he repeats. "That's kinda hot- wait, so if you were a nurse why don't you know what's wrong with me?"
Derek laughs softly, "You've got the cutest incisors-" his gloved fingers feel around his teeth. "Sure you're not a vampire?" he jokes, Dean closes his eyes so he won't roll them- what a lame joke.
The other kid shrieks and tries to hide behind the nurse, she escorts him to one of the empty beds and closes the curtain on him.
When he wakes up in bed the next morning with no clue of anything that's happened the previous night, he's confused and his vision is blurry. Castiel is unable to remember anything, had Dean eaten dinner? No, he didn't make any dinner and it's clear to him now because his own stomach is growling something fierce. "Shit-" he curses as he hauls his sore body out of bed.
"One of the guards is real sweet on me-" Castiel admits quietly, "-I suck his dick for stuff." the boy is confused, not knowing if he's joking or not. "That's right baby, even I have to suck dick to get things around here-" the look on his face is a saddened one.
Castiel and Bobby didn't know how to deal with him as of late and they couldn't understand why therapy seemed to be making things a lot worse. Certainly his fathers death had an affect on him even if he wasn't the best father, it was still a loss regardless of the issues between them. Bobby was growing scared of upsetting him at all so he learned to just let him have at it. He let Dean yell and kick things around when he was angry, though his guns remained under lock and key, for their safety of course. It probably wasn't necessary to forbid him access to the guns but he thought it was better to be safe now rather than sorry later.
Castiel let it pop out of his mouth, continuing to jack the older man off.
They look at the impala parked right up front, "Yea, she's my baby."
Although he never hung around outside his cell, for safety reasons but when he sees his bunk mate sitting down by himself at a table right outside their cell he can't help but go sit next to him. Luckily he's not turned away, instead the man reaches under the table to grope him with a heavy hand. Instantly his lips part because it felt so damn good.
"Then why are you sucking my dick in the car-" the man looks saddened, but understanding and not at all angry. "Why are you showing up at my house like this. Is it that fun to get me worked up?-"
Castiel's mouth fell wide open the second he got the reply. "Oh my god whatta dick." he hissed at no one.
"Sure thing."
" Shh. Pick something. "
Castiel nodded, continuing to work on his legs now. Massaging. "This used to happen to me too, my legs often hurt at night and my mom would do the same thing to me." he shares.
Castiel looks at him, worry in his eyes. "Stand up."
"Not at all-" Castiel's sighs.
"I certainly don't mind it." he says in honesty. "You used to call me daddy all the time."
“Stop... Perv.” Castiel mumbled, blushing. He’s never really even looked at it himself all that well, so having someone else staring at it was a bit humiliating.
in order to find him the style that fit him the most.
It was Valentines Day and Castiel had decided that this year should be memorable, it was special after all because this year would be the first in which they could openly celebrate as a couple. Also they were officially
"Dean-" he sits down on the floor awkwardly because he's too old for this. "I know things feels strange-" his hand lands on the boys shoulder gently, "But I want you to know that you can come talk to me about it. I'll answer whatever questions you have-"
Dean felt as if he had this stigma about him; not meant to be loved or wanted. Every girl, every woman...every hooker; rejected him. He was no virgin...no. He always felt he deserved less than what he actually was worth so he slept with many older women. The most desperate ones. Losing his virginity at 14 to a 32 year old woman did things to him. He liked giving the control to someone else. One less thing to worry about in life, if the sex was bad...well then, it wasn't his fault was it.
Castiel inhales sharply, quickly noticing all that bare skin that still looked damp. He forces a friendly smile, "Sorry I didn't go get you at school-" thinks of an excuse. "I had to stay late at work-"
Dean looks over his shoulder, he's pissed but he kinda wants it.
Flashback
"So you are mad-"
Dean nods. It's so incredibly awkward he thinks. He feels it but isn't sure if Castiel feels awkward. He's an adult, he shouldn't care.
"Kiss me-" he mumbles, stretching his limbs. When lips don't press against his he remembers they kind of broke up, he plays it off like he said nothing. "Thanks." he takes the cup and sits up in bed. "Mm-s'good."
Castiel's face grows a deep red. "Feel better now? You're cute and I...was so not cute at your age." Dean smiles finally, his tears have stopped. "I um, would carve things onto my thighs-"
All too casually, John walks up behind him and grips his hips roughly. "Mind if I fuck you like this?" his large hand rubs up and down his back seductively.
They lay together in their aftermath, the sheets somehow ended up on the floor. With nothing to cover up with, the couple is extremely exposed and vulnerable.
Just thinking about it annoys the holy hell out of him because regardless of how attractive the man is, his personality is revolting at times.
"That's alright-" Castiel sighs, taking out his cellphone. "I'll order a pizza." They wait for the pizza on the front porch, enjoying the last rays of sunlight. He looks over to analyze the boy. He was wearing an over sized brown shirt, most likely his fathers and underwear he hopes too but the shirt reached his knees so he couldn't tell. "How does your dad treat you?" he has to ask.
Dean whines, "Don't wanna." he stands up and leans against the sink. "Just wanna be with you-" he fake pouts.
Dean smiles, "Sometimes it feels good." he already knew he was hard but he could see Jack was too. No way he was going there. "Anyways, your sister. What's her name?"
Dean unbuttons and unzips his jeans, pushing them down to his knees before getting man handled onto his stomach. He looks over his shoulder, mouth open because he wants it so bad. "Hit me-" his tone is nervous, but horny in all his teenage glory.
Castiel feels hot and flushed, "Thank you, Dean."
"He was drunk. I'm an adult, I can hold my own but- it hurt." he breathes in, "Physically and emotionally, I actually had feelings for the guy. He knew I was gay when we met."
"For fuck's sake Cas, she's a friggin' girl-" he crosses his arms at his chest. "I want a guy friend-" he adds insecurely, not knowing how he'll react. If he'll be jealous or not.
Dean laughs, "Of course you're hard what do you mean-"
Dean holds the back of his head in pain- "Thought you wouldn't care-"
They rehearse a few songs and when practice is over, the girls in his class come to gush over him. He blushes in the midst of the girls and notices that the other boys are staring him down. All except that one boy who invited him to join the choir- he's the only one who seems to be an awe of him, just like the girls.
"Yea, maybe."
Dean typed out ' On my way, stay put. ' before rushing off to Castiel's house.
no one says no to him and they would be stupid to do so.
"I don't want to hear it, Dean. Next time you'll get kicked out so you better behave." Castiel starts walking away knowing Dean will follow him and he does. He takes the Ice pack with him. "Were you fighting?"
It's not long before sunrise when they hear gun shots outside- Bobby's rifle. They meet each other in the hall way and they go to Dean's room- it's empty. They run outside to the porch and and find him out there in the dark- shooting a target. "Damn it-" Bobby sighs, clutching his chest. The rifle damn near gave him a heart attack- the sun wasn't even out yet. "Boy! Come in here and get to sleep!" he shouts.
Great, he just had to ask the obvious and possibly humiliate the poor boy even more. But he had to know, Dean's been
Dean takes the cigarette and takes a puff, "Got a lot on my mind-" he exhales. "I'm kinda gay by the way-" that's when his friend starts coughing, clearly not expecting the confession. "Relax, I'm not hitting on you-"
In the morning Castiel comes over to make sure Dean was awake. Which he was, he'd been in front of the bathroom mirror trying to tie his tie but didn't know how and he felt too shy to ask his uncle. "Cas-" he sighs, handing him the dark grey tie. "Can you do it-" he nods and proceeds to help him. His warm fingertips brush up against the teens neck gently, making him shiver. "This is kinda turnin' me on-"
John roars, "How am I supposed to stop him from doin' stuff when I'm not around!" before storming out of the house. The mans outburst didn't phase them, not really. They were used to him getting angry and storming off by now.
Castiel hooks his finger on the lace thong and pulls it to the side, using his thumbs to spread open the boy's ass cheeks to reveal the pink hole. He blows lightly on it and it twitches, "God-" Dean groans, Castiel's keeps rubbing his cheeks, spreading them open and looks at the pink hole appear and disappear and he does. "Do something..."
Castiel is not entirely ready to face John yet, so he goes to pay his son a visit to say good night. The door was wide open so he stands by the doorway, "Need anything?" green eyes instantly peek open to look his way. "Before I turn in-"
Castiel lost his appetite half way through his burger because of the blood and gore, so he set it on the coffee table. He was just glad Dean ate all of his food because he was starting to notice that the boy was eating a little less, maybe because he was sick so often.
"Oh my god." Dean's heart is racing so he rests against the chair, luckily this time it was beating quite fast due to the story. "Fuck you Bobby- shit." he looks over at Castiel who looks pale, "What? Don't tell me it scared you that much-"
Castiel almost jumped in his seat from the sudden outburst, taking it as his cue to get the fuck out of the car.
John nods, "Right, Cas. Okay."
When the boy sets his drink down in the cup holder, he witnesses the thin string of saliva that glues those pretty lips to the straw until it breaks and is forced to look away. All he wants to do is kiss him but he won't- because it's wrong, it's sick- and he's got no idea why he's developing feelings for the kid. Especially
He moans, "Why is it so good-"
Castiel looks around quickly before refocusing on his love. "What are you doing here?" the words are whispered angrily. They really do act like a married couple, even if it isn't legal yet.
"Bobby knows me." He laughs, "Relax, he thinks I'm funny. Don't you Bobby?"
son. "Gonna take a leak-" he says before getting up.
After his shower, he goes to his own bedroom and sets up the IV there so he can hook Dean up later before they go to bed. The house has five bedroom but he wants to keep a close eye on him. Castiel makes his way to the kitchen and sees that his plate has been wiped clear of what had been on it, "Good job." he smiles at him and sits down at the table with a sandwich he just made for himself. "Are you feeling better?" he asks with his mouth full.
about the situation as he could manage. It still wasn't enough because he still wanted to be with
Bobby looks at him while moving around the kitchen to scramble himself up some eggs, "Anythin' ya wanna tell me boy?" and it's like his uncle knows that Castiel never left last night.
Dean follows his step father inside the house and opens his mouth so the man can stick the thermometer under his tongue. While they wait for the thing to beep, they maintain eye contact. It beeps after what feels like minutes, no fever.
Bobby pulls out one of the kitchen chairs and sits down because it seems like they were going to be hashing this out for a while. "Listen boy, ya know that ya don't need to be with em' right?" the teen looks confused. "If ya both weren't together like that, he wouldn't be goin' nowhere. He told me so, that he'd always be around-"
It's Friday night and the doctor is out with his friends while John is left at home with his pretty boy. Completely and totally
doors.
Only then does Castiel realizes that he might just want him in ever single way imaginable even if it was wrong. Still, there's nothing that can be done about this sick and twisted desire, it might just have to go to the grave with him.
"And what's that?" she says.
"I can't do this." Castiel's eyes looked like he was about to cry.
"Talk to me-" his eyes are begging so prettily that finally he's listened to. "Tell me about you-"
Castiel takes the bag from the boys small hand and presses it to the back of his head before making eye contact, "Sit down-" and the boy obeys, sitting next to him. "We need to talk about something-" he's looking up at him expectantly, the dog is still at his side. "I need to leave,
Dean's eyes well up with tears, "But why-"
"It's okay Dean." Castiel sits on the other rocking chair, he really wants to hold him but eyes could be watching. "Do you think you felt bad because you weren't eating?"
Dean shoves him aside to go outside, instantly pale in the face and feeling sick just like he had last night. The view before him was unsettling, not quite understanding what he was looking at. "Is that-" he squints, examining the floorboards of the porch. "Blood?" his eyes scan all around, there's blood but no body.
Castiel smiles warmly, "I would never-" and he's peeling away the wrapping paper to reveal a picture frame that held one of their pictures inside.
"Generally, yea-" he grins like someone who has just escaped a mental hospital. "I did everything but pain killers were my thing-" sighs at the memory stored in his brain. "Broke my leg one year, laid up for two months and just couldn't kick the pills-"
Ash doesn't look at him, "Don't got parents-"
"Not a word-" he points at the teen specifically in a threat to keep his mouth shut.
He gulps when he's dropped off in medical and the guard waits outside the door for him. "Any medical conditions I should know about?" the pretty nurse asks him. Dean shakes his head, sitting down on the small bed. "Great-" she scribbles away on his paperwork.
"Crap-" John wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
Dean nods, "Right- hurry I'm thirsty and gross." and they drive up the road slowly back up to his uncles house. Dean takes the first shower and Castiel takes the second. Bobby was up late again due to his heartburn and Castiel makes another mental note-
Castiel lay in bed later that night, his mind wandering freely. His thoughts going from John, to Dean. His hand that rest on his stomach, threatened to run south, feeling his own body. He let it explore a little bit before he heard the boy call out, "CASSSSS." he snapped out of it and walked over to the boys room, pushing open the door. "Yes?"
Dean softly sings as he does the dishes for Castiel, he feels bad he works such long hours and also picks up the slack of all the chores. It's the least he could do.
Dean let his free hand roam the beautiful milky white back of Castiel's. "You won't talk like that in my house. Got that?"
She smiles respectfully, "Okay, what do you think would cause pain there?"
"M'fine." he bats his hands away, "My head just hurts-really bad." Castiel keeps looking into his eyes with a worried look- "I feel fuckin' sleepy and weak-" Dean gets up from the sofa and Castiel's got him before he sways- they walk slowly towards the bedroom, he helps the teen into bed and turns up the AC higher- the boy was flushed.
A new cigarette is lit and they take turns taking a hit, which looks pretty suspicious in a dark parking lot.
for the person who means the most to him.
There were times where it was touch and go but he always chose to stay because Dean is nothing like his father, there's a big heart and a kind soul underneath all that anger.
"Well, are you going to help me clean the house then?"
"Dean-" he whispers against brown hair.
"Mmm-" he pulls away, running his large thumb over his lovers baby pink lips. "You always taste sweet-"
Castiel is confused, "What are you saying?"
Maybe all kids stare so intensely like this but he doesn't know because being around them is so new. Suddenly the boy smiles, eyes fluttering sleepily and he yawns before telling him something that he really wasn't expecting.
Now that he thinks about it, he doesn't need to pretend the doctor is a woman. He can just pretend that his lover is a
"Yea-" he says softly, his back is killing him and he's scared. "They did another scan too-"
Castiel kept his promise, Bobby lives a few hours away so they decided to make a road trip out of the visit and stay the whole weekend. Castiel called bobby, explained the whole situation and Bobby couldn't be happier to have them over for a few days. Bobby missed Dean to hell- like the son he never had but wishes he did. Dean doesn't remember, but John used to drop him off for days at a time when he was a mere toddler whenever he and Mary got into a fight, said they needed time alone to work on things but it was code for sex and nothing ever got resolved.
Another inmate walking by says, "Who you callin' an asshole?" but the guy was smiling, clearly a friend of his.
"Oh my God-" Castiel moans over the first bite, "-best burger I've ever had." that comment has Dean's ears turning red as well- he sits down in between his uncle and his step father, he's happy right now.
The boys were running around the front yard, tackling each other and throwing themselves into large piles of leaves that he'd raked up earlier. He wasn't mad though, it was just leaves. If the boys father had seen this, he'd probably blow a gasket even if he wasn't the one who spent all morning cleaning up the yard. The guy was a total slob but he didn't like it when his son made any kind of mess.
"Yea-" Dean puts a button on his playing card, over the picture of a rose. "-but I'm scared." he admits and his step dad asks why. "-Cause I won't know anyone there. In case you haven't noticed I wasn't popular back at home either-"
"What-oh you want me to help you up." Castiel smiles. "You're such a baby-" he hugs the teen tightly, "-on three. One-two-three-" and hoists him up off the chair and a string of
"You stayed for Dean-" Bobby wipes under his eyes in gratitude, Castiel nods. "Thank God ya did, who knows what would have happened to my boy if ya didn't-"
ass on his growing bulge feels amazing. "How old are you?" he asks suddenly.
one and he was always just- "I don't wanna talk about this anymore-" he's looking out the window now, because shame is crawling up his spine and it's an odd feeling.
Dean moans in anger despite his pleasure, his hands are in fists as he grips the pillow. He's pissed off by Castiel's words but even more angry that he wants to fucking come from a tongue in his ass. Suddenly the urge to come is gone when something heavy slaps against his hole- Castiel's cock.
She closes her notebook and he knows the session is over with, "Next time I'll let you decide what we should talk about, how's that sound?"
"Your first cell phone." Castiel comments while swiping his debit card at the register. "I think I got my first cell phone at-" he pauses to think, "-think I was almost twenty five." Dean doesn't comment because if it wasn't for this mans generosity he probably wouldn't have gotten his own cell phone at only eleven years old. John sure as hell wouldn't have gotten him one. His father rarely bought him frivolous items, much less a phone.
Dean nods, Sam follows behind. "I think that's my favorite movie of all time-" Sam claims, he kicks off his shoes as if he's in his own home and sits on the bed. Dean kicks off his own sneakers and pulls off his hoodie and unbuttons his jeans, they fall to his ankles easily. He steps out of them and for a few moments he's in his boxers, looking through his drawers for something to wear.
"Sam. We do not do this- ever." he's in such deep shit, now Sam knows about them?
He was actually starting to think about sex now. He always kinda thought it seemed gross. Two sticky bodies moving together. Everything seems so...
"Never took you for the intellectual type." Dean says with no emotion. "I need-"
Around one in the morning a storm rolled in out of nowhere. There hadn't been any thunder, just continuous flashes of white light- lighting up the house completely every few seconds.
The boy looks up to meet his gaze quickly, only then does he reveal that he had been crying. His lips were puffy and his eyes were swollen like when you've been crying for a long time.
John was standing there with his arms crossed at his chest. "He really wanted to come see ya-" he doesn't buy it for a second. "-alright, we need to talk." Castiel guides the man a few yards away from the boy, still keeping an eye on him since someone had to. "Listen, Dean is driving me insane. I can't-"
"Not gonna kill myself, Cas." Dean doesn't touch his hot dog for a while, that comment struck a nerve. The conversation around him between the two adults continued as if he wasn't there, eventually his anger passed and he ate his dog-  "I'm gonna go get another root beer, you guys need anything?" Bobby asked for another beer. He goes inside the farm house and searches the fridge for another beer, virgin for him, regular for his uncle- He secretly takes a swig before he heads out.
Castiel would love it if he caught the hospital bug- go to medical school, wear scrubs for the rest of his life.
and he'll never really get this in the way he wants.
"Here you go, fucking nerd-" he tosses the ball back to his stepfather for the third time. "You know this is fucking boring-" but a smile was on his face and is secretly loving every single minute of this moment.
"That it?" the teen nods, and he resumes preparing his breakfast. "We needa be honest about everything, got it boy?"
He nods, "I'm going to head into town, pick up stuff we all need- are you coming with me or going back home?" Dean thinks it over and chooses to go.
Castiel kisses him on the forehead, guilt rising in his core. "I'm so sorry, Dean." Right now Castiel is feeling like maybe Meg was right, maybe he was a big bad monster who had ruined Dean Winchester. "I'm going to go get something, I'll be right back. I promise."
Dean licks his dry lips. "Yes." he says, no sound coming out.
Castiel loudly clears his throat, "Yes, I like feminine men-" he gulps. "-My new
"Morning-" Castiel smiles over his shoulder. "Have a seat, it's almost ready-"
"Fuck." Castiel whispers, his head falling against the bed. Dean smiles, putting more pressure on the hole with his tongue as he licks. "Ughhhh-" the man moans loudly and hes almost shocked. It didn't sound like when Castiel fucked him, it sounded different. He stops licking, he tries to push his index finger in there and it surprisingly goes in. "Ughhhh- mmmm-" he moans and that just eggs him on even more.
He shoves the leather journal under the pillow where it had been hiding and makes his way to find the teenager in the kitchen and he looks tired as he sets his laptop on the table. Robin had been helping him with his school work when they would hang out- he suspected she might actually be doing the work for him. He knows Dean is smart-the kid is basically Macgyver- but when it comes to school he really doesn't have the patience.
Dean's wondering when they'll finally get to sit together and share meal, and is actually sort of hurt because now they're prison boyfriends. Once he has his tray after being the last in the food line, he's off to sit down at his usual spot.
"She has a pretty pussy." Dean starts, "Took forever to get it in-but it felt awesome."
Castiel licks his bottom lip, releasing the boy from his grasp. He shrugs. "I didn't mean to- I couldn't stop-" he gives up, wiping at his eyes quickly before a tear fell.
he kept moaning softly. Dean didn't even hear the knock at the door, "Dean." he kept stroking himself, so unbelievably close.
Castiel's own eyes well up with their own, "I'm sorry too-" he kisses the teens lips softly. "I never wanted to hurt you-"
"Hey, I'm going to need that back at some point-" he smiles. The pain in his ribs was getting worse, not better and he tried to forget that too.
He follows the teacher to the front of the church, where he knew Castiel would be sitting. "I'm not ready-"
"Finish yourself off baby-" he leans forward to kiss his ass roughly before getting up from the bed, "I have to jump in the shower, thanks to you I'm already late for work-"
No matter the mistake or circumstance, they'll always have each other. It doesn't matter if they're together or not, they have years under their belts and that can never be erased or thrown away. Both of them are in it for life, however that may look like.
Life was simple and easy. Sam was in school, he would've been a lawyer today if I hadn't come in and ruined his life that night. I should have waited, let dad contact me on his own or I should have looked for him myself.
That night they enjoy a movie that Dean has chosen while they sit together on the couch. Although it's nothing more than a simple movie night with a pizza shared between the two, it means something. They both realize it's not over and it never will be, not between them. It will never be over because they aren't just in love, they're family and that will be stronger than anything they go through.
"Why?"
"Guess we got a winner-" he puts the dark brown one away.
Somehow having that title stamped on their relationship is making him feel different. Like things might be okay if they
Castiel takes it upon himself to get the teen the drivers handbook so he could study and he does after he's given the death glare that gets him into gear. He skims through a few pages a day and tries to remember everything, eventually the handbook ends up under his bed somehow. Dean was just overly confident that he would pass his drivers test the first time, which he very well may but the written portion is in the wind.
Castiel just wants to be with Dean again, together and to be able to live under the same roof again. "God-" he sighs heavily, "-I just miss you so much." the teen on the other line sniffles, "Do you think you'll ever forgive me?"
Neither of them brought it up the next morning, John went hunting as promised and Dean went to school. Castiel was left to mope around the house all day. His day off. He was getting used to all these little secrets between them. Castiel never intended to cross the line with Dean. Never considered him to be anything else than the Son of his 'friend'. Dean started this. Dean always got too close to him, always asking him for goodnight kisses. Asking him for hugs. For cuddles. Castiel always looked at it as himself being fatherly, because John wasn't. He remembers meeting Dean for the first time when he was 11.
"What?" Castiel loves seeing him blush- "You wanted to be a couple, couples say these things."
" I'll get it old man. " The boy got on his knees and began to slowly tie his shoelace's. Dean couldn't help but think he looked really boyish and cute down there. Except the pervert at heart that he was kept thinking of something else he should be doing down there instead but alas chose not to listen to that side of him right now.
They go out for a quick lunch before Castiel drops Dean off at Bobby's with a plan to meet up after his uncle goes to bed. Castiel is freshly showered and reading a book in his bed when he hears foot steps coming closer to his bedroom. At first he's thinking it's whatever is haunting him until the teens pretty face peeks in through the door and he relaxes.
"I'm tired-" Castiel protests.
Dean smiles at his friend carelessly, almost boyishly. "Yea, man-" and his eyes look behind the older teen, to his stepfather.
"Yea, I heard. It's all over the news. So what, am I under lock down?" he lays back again, "I'd rather be stuck at home."
"-you've been through abuse as well, physical and sexual-" her voice dies off, sensing a weird tension.
Soon enough it's getting dark and a little cold so it prompts the tired couple to take shelter at the dive bar closest to their resort. The place was run down and playing Spanish music, the kind that apparently makes Dean feel like
Castiel's hand roams up and down the boy's back gently, soothingly. "I'm really trying not to hurt you."
"Hormones." is all Sam says, and picks up his sandwich and eats.
Dean stayed up to help him clean up the mess in the kitchen against his wishes, but it was a good thing since they were done cleaning in half the time.
Castiel swallows dryly, "Yes, of course-"
Castiel had been in the living room, working on a paper for something which he has no clue about, nor cares to know about. The guy is a nerd and it's his business, always doing research and taking notes on his Ipad, which he's still very shocked that he knows how to even work one at his age. What is he now, almost
"I just-" he begins laughing softly. "It's a lot to take in, sorry. It's not funny."
"Cas-" Dean whines, holding up the phone- he himself was shirtless and messy haired after spending the day out back helping his uncle with work. "What are you doing? Why didn't you call me? Why-"
"Let me worry about that-" Dean stands up fully nude and walks around the room, looking for something to tie him up with. Eventually he finds the handcuffs he'd stolen from Castiel the last time he'd used them on him and finds some rope under the kitchen sink. "We're gonna use these-"
He loses his breath for a few seconds and his heart pounds heavily in his chest- until the man turns out,
Castiel clears his throat, "All I can really say is-" tries not to start laughing again. "Some guy came into the ER with a certain
The smell in the kitchen wakes Castiel up, he follows the smell and sees the teen sitting at the table- "Are you okay?" there goes that question again. He gets a closer look and sees a plate with a pile of eggs and ketchup in front of him and a buttered waffle. "I'll let you eat." he kisses the top of his brown hair and gives his shoulders a squeeze, he flinches away from the grasp.
"Hmm-" the teen rolls away from his grasp, laying next to the man now instead of on him. "So dad bought all those drugs with your money."
He just fell in love with Castiel, how could he not? he's been his rock. But then, he did sort of have sex with Sam and made out with Jack. Maybe he is gay. But- he liked doing
Bobby checks his watch when the passenger side door opens. "Ya were only in there half an hour-" it's the look on the teens face that has him starting the truck without saying another word.
They all relax as they listen to the rain and wind hitting the home roughly. As expected- the weather girl on the screen affirmed Bobby's prediction. The tornado warning ended, but the storm still raged outside. Bobby suggested they sleep in the basement just in case and no fought him on it.
but they weren't going violate the mans rules anyways.
"Tell me what?"
Dean giggles, "That tickles, Cas-" he squirms under the heavier man that now pins him against the warm sand- "Cas-" he sighs then, his warm lips kiss at his neck and it feels amazing to him. "Ugh-I like that-"
Castiel curses under his breath- "Dean, I'm almost done. The house is ready and later today that couple I told you about is coming to take a look around, once they sign the lease I'll come back."
"For fucks sake Cas!" Dean shoves him away, "I almost killed the only family member I have left and you're tryna justify it!" Castiel looks as if he had just been burned by  fire, "You don't get it because you don't have any family of your own left-that's why you're all over me, that's why you're so obsessed with me!"
Dean cut in, "No let me finish. After my dad left us, I had to take care of Sammy...I was only 21 when my dad left me to care for him, I had no money. I had nothing. I had to do anything I could to put food on the table. That was...when we even had a place with a table. "
They make out like shy teenagers for a while, among their cheesy candles and rose petals that made them both feel like they were in some kind of cheap porno until Dean suddenly pulls away. Something came to mind for the first time in the years he's known this man and it was the realization that would day he would
That night Bobby's in the middle of his dinner when he hears his name being called, "Wut!" he shouts, over his bowl of steaming hot chili. He gets up to see what Dean wants.
It's almost sunset and the guests are starting to roll in, "Bobby-" the teen calls out to his uncle while he starts the grill and warms his cold hands over it. Kevin shows up first and they talk for a while, until Castiel comes back. Only then do they put a few burger patties and hot dogs on the grill.
It's his cue to go so he stands up, patting the mans shoulder. "Call if ya need anythin'-"
"Are you actually tired or are you upset with me?" He knows Dean too well.
"What-" his mind goes blank.
"I go so easy on you because-" Dean looks at him expectantly, "Those four years we weren't-" Dean nods, "It killed me Dean, I want to be more of a father figure to you but- I want more than that." he wipes another tear before it has the chance to roll down his cheek. "But I'll try to give you what you need-"
"Dean, I'm trying to talk to you." Castiel's rarely used stern voice makes an appearance and it has the distracted teenager quickly refocusing on the conversation. "I want to sign you up for classes this Sunday so you can finish before your birthday." Dean nods, "Will you do this for me?"
"Mhm." The older man responds, "You kept calling out for
He laughs, the annoyance he felt melts away because his love sounds adorable right now, "You're so cute baby."
Dean shoots the glass bottle- it exploded loudly. "Damn-"
I created a little video for my fic if anyone is interested in watching and I hope you like it :) (some scenes are showing Jack from his profile view or back of his head because there isn't enough young Dean on spn:)
The car was almost finished but it was late so they decided to finish her up tomorrow, they barge inside just after dark with stains on their clothes and covered in sweat. Castiel wants to fuck Dean the second he sees him. "I'll take the first shower." Bobby says before disappearing to the bathroom.
Dean blinks furiously at what he's seeing, he can't believe it. All this time it was
Dean swallows over the knot in his throat, "You still love me even after everything?"
Dean slid his hand behind the boy's head and laced confident finger's into his thick unruly raven black hair, massaging his scalp slowly until he finally plunged. Kissing him deeply and gently all at once.
Dean moans like a whore, "Ughhhhhh-" his hands are gripping the pillow behind his head "Ughhhh-" and his legs feel like jelly but it feels good right now. That's when he's flipped over on his stomach and he get's on his knees, pushing his ass up in the air.
Having the cell to himself for the next few days is great but oddly enough Dean is missing his cell mate. With all the peace and quiet he was able to finish reading the rest of
"Bobby made me ask her." Dean blushes, "Said I should make friends while I'm here."
"I'm sorry Cas. I had no idea." Dean rests his chin on his chest, maintaining eye contact. "If it makes you feel any better, it was hard for me too." Castiel laughs softly. "It was-"
"Can you sleep over again?" Castiel asks, halfway through his sandwich and it didn't surprise either of them since he always ate fast.
"Depression?" He tries so hard not to roll his eyes, "I've never had depression."
"I'm scared to-"
from the beginning since they didn't have any other books.
The teens stomach growls loudly in the silence of their aftermath, "Can you order some food? I'm gonna take a shower-" and just like that their heart to heart is over and done with.
Bobby pulls his nephew in for a hug, hand patting his upper back in comfort. "She's alive, don't worry-"
They're halfway back to the cabin when Dean starts rubbing up and down his arms. "Here-" Castiel takes off his sweater and the teen takes it gratefully. "So," he looks down at Dean, "Are we back together?"
After parking Dean walked up to the old bar he would frequent too often, it was falling apart and would be closing for business any night now if the lack of people around was any indication. Not tonight though. Tonight, at the end of the bar; sat a young man wearing a tan coat. The man had black hair and was drinking coffee. That's all he could gather.
Dean laughed, “Yeah I noticed it was when I didn’t hear screaming. “ Castiel leaned closer to him, eyes drooping so he scooped him up in his arms, “But yea, Sleep.” and took him upstairs to his bedroom.
Castiel analyzes him, "Not the word I'd use." he laughs, "Actually, you look pretty- for a boy." That comment earned him a well deserved punch to the arm.
Castiel rolls his eyes, "Dean, I'll do what I want." he kisses the teens cold hand. "If I ask you to marry me some day, say yes. Alright?" Dean nods, no longer giggling. "You'll say yes?" he asks again.
In certain ways he wants to be like his uncle Bobby, in other ways he wants to be like his step father Castiel- He'd find a good mix that would fit him just right.
"Figure it out Winchester." Brady glares at Dean in a friendly way because he knows he's being watched, but his tone stays harsh.
Dean nods, licking his dry lips. "He-"
The teen looks up, "My dad used to hit us, me and-" when the man looking down at him nods he doesn't feel the need to mention his brothers name. "He'd hit us with a belt -and stuff, kick us around. Sammy doesn't remember but I
Castiel clears his throat, "So he can get her pregnant? No." Dean snorts.
"For fucks sake-" Dean groans in annoyance, "You wouldn't be so bored if you cut the grass out there once in a while or did your handy work-" he smiles. Dean has been cutting the grass at Bobby's and at Castiel's place, since he was either working or couldn't be bothered to do the task.
Castiel bursts out laughing, covering his face and soon Bobby is too.
Castiel chimed in, “I’m twenty now. Since last week. “
"I love my kitten." he sighs dreamily, kissing the back of his neck. Dean exhales harshly.
"No you're not." Castiel sits down and takes the book from him, "Why are you really learning about the brain?"
"Likewise, Clarence." she smiles, digging into the salad he'd made for the both of them. "You used to cook for me a lot then too-"
Castiel kisses his puffy bottom lip, "Soon-" their eyes gaze into each others. "We can still have fun, I just can't fuck you-"
He really shouldn't allow a sleepover at a time like this but if Sam's got nowhere to go right now there's not much he can do but allow him to stay. "Alright, just don't leave the house." Both boys smile, "I mean it-" he points his finger at each of them. "Stay inside."
When his bus finally comes, Castiel watches the boy climb up the steps and waves him off. "Bye!" Dean yells from the window of the seat he chose, waving too. He must have stayed there until the bus completely disappeared around the corner before walking back to the house so he could finish getting ready for work.
Dean buries his face into the mans chest and wraps his arms around him in a tight hug because he felt so close to him emotionally after their talk. "Call him-" their eyes meet before he lets himself out of the home in a hurry.
He puts some on and quickly rubs it away with the back of his hand because he's never worn lip balm before, maybe once but it was the medicated kind and it had been winter.
"Hey-" he grins handsomely. "-tell me you're stayin' for a beer?" the fact that he didn't ask why he was inside the home with his young boy didn't arise any suspicions, not that he was doing anything to the guys kid but it shows how little he cares.
Dean looks at the menu, "Fries and a milkshake-" and answers before he refocuses on his phone.
"How bout' you fuck me-" Dean smiles, "-like a girl." and tries not to laugh.
His eyes fly open when a car door slams shut, It was Dean getting dropped off by what he assumes is Sam and his mother. Dean runs up to him eagerly with his backpack bouncing heavily up and down on his back.
Castiel kisses Dean goodbye on his way out the door for work- the teen sat on the front porch steps of the house to smoke a cigarette. He waited until Castiel actually left before lighting the cig. Dean doesn't technically
John fixes himself in his jeans before running after the doctor. When he exits the bathroom, he's not there. "Son of a bitch-" and quickly exits the lonely bar, "Wait!" Castiel was rounding the corner into their neighborhood already. When he finally makes it to the house he sees the guy waiting for him by the mailbox. "I'm gonna get you!"
"Right-" Castiel swallows, adams apple bobbing up and down. "This is my first time coming to a club like this-" he admits.
"I'm mad at him-" Bobby sighs, "I'm mad at your dad and
"We should. The salon I go to, there's a pretty lil asian lady who works on my feet- Dean would like her." Again it makes him laugh,
It's a few days later, Castiel is in his hotel room and just getting into bed when his phone lights up. A message from Dean. He opens it, Dean sent him a video. What could it be?Castiel opens it, waits for it to load. His eyebrows shoot up when he sees the video start playing- it's Dean cumming all over his stomach. He can see Dean's cock twitching in his hand and the sounds he makes- God, how does he sound so filthy yet adorable at the same time. Castiel texts him in a hurry.
Though the books were interesting, the other members were not. Most were married women from the suburbs who car pooled and went to charity events for fun. Which Castiel joined in on one of those and found it to be a complete snooze fest. Literally, he fell asleep at the bar and was never invited again, but book club was free range and he was going every Monday night.
Dean visibly relaxes for the first time this session, "You actually put me in the mood for some pie-" he laughs. When they both calm down from their laughter, "I'm gonna quit my job at the diner-"
Their eyes meet and Castiel has to reassure him, "No baby, of course not-" and kisses his soft lips once. "You're just more excited when we get together-" the teen isn't believing him so he gives him yet another kiss as if to convince him that it really was okay. "I get excited too baby, you have no idea-"
Dean reaches over and grabs one of the extra copies of this weeks book. He mumbles the title of the book softly to himself -
It's near the end of October and Halloween is fast approaching which he and Ash make plans. Kevin was invited, but Halloween was something he wasn't allowed to celebrate for some reason. Robin was invited too, as a courtesy, but she had a date with some guy she met at the diner during a shift.
The teen lay sleeping at the center of his bed, a heaviness was on him. "Get off-" he mumbles sleepily before rolling over unto the opposite side of his bed. The covers are kicked off at some point, leaving his half naked body exposed to the cold air. Regardless of the October chill, beads of sweat roll down his chest through out the night. "Dad-" the word is spoken softly.
"I go into those woods-" Bobby takes the final sip of his beer before tossing the empty can in front of him, "The cryin' was getting closer and closer-" a rustling is heard in the woods, they ignore it and keep listening to the story.  "-guess what I find?" they shrug. "I find a baby blanket all covered up in mud and leaves on the ground- it was
Dean looks up at Castiel, "I heard you, before-" his hands fumble with the drawstring of his pajama pants. "-you never told me you were from Illinois, why didn't you go back home?"
Dean follows behind him like a puppy to the kitchen "Can I have some too?"
"I'll tell you tomorrow-" Dean smiles, looking away. Castiel doesn't take the time to notice details when they're up close and personal like this, because why would he- this boy is eleven, he shouldn't be noticing anything. But right now, right here- after this innocent cheek kiss. He's noticing him now, Dean Winchester was actually a really pretty boy. "Castiel?" he asks, brows knit together in worry.
Castiel downed his coffee as if that would give him the words to say. "I'm 23 and ...and... " he stammered.
John walks over to the sofa and lifts his boy into his arms. "Out with a friend, let's get you into bed." he carried the boy to his bedroom to tuck him in.
"A ring isn't going to fix me." Dean whispers. "I need you."
"You love daddy don't you?" he asks the question roughly to the teenager bouncing on his lap who nods in agreement, bottom lip caught between his teeth. "Fuck you drive me insane-"
When Bobby and Dean finally meet up at the register, his eyes look up to see
"Mm-" Castiel hums softly when their tongues meet, always has been such a sucker for making out. "John-" he whispers after pulling away, chest rising and falling heavily.
Dean's looking at the menu, "Wan' one of those-" and points to a frozen coffee drink on the menu. Castiel nods, getting the same drink along with a burger and fries. While Castiel eats, Dean just watches him in misery and sips on the blended drink which he actually really did like. "This is pretty good-" he smiles eventually, mostly to make things less awkward on his end.
"I'm not leaving you here." Dean said surely. "I'll sit with you."
There's no judgement on the older mans face, only love. "Aren't I already?-" his voice is soft.
"Hmm-" the doctor writes something down. "-are you stressed?" he looks through his chart, "You're in shape, not overweight. You don't have high blood pressure, no diabetes-"
They're standing in line at the movies, waiting to buy some snacks. "Can I have nachos-" Dean asks quietly, standing close to Castiel while his father was standing a few feet away from them both. He wasn't much for family outings of any kind, or dates.
“ I can come back another time- I-I know he’s a busy guy-”
Dean breaks the kiss, still in a mood. "Get out of here before I kick your ass for leaving me."
It wasn't long before Dean's lips parted slightly, panting. "Thank you." he whispered.
At midnight on the dot, Dean pulls on a hoodie and heads up to the woods as well. As he's walking up to the tree line- the trees appear larger to him and it's making him feel a little dizzy and off balance but he ignores it. Castiel is waiting for him. He's walking carefully through the twig like trees and he's thinking maybe this wasn't such a good idea- "Cas?" he whispers, "Where are you?" A twig snaps a few feet away from him and he gets the idea that this would be the perfect place for his dad to be, for his dad to come get him. To hurt him. Another twig snaps and he actually shrieks in fear.
Dean laughs, looking up at the older man. "You keep asking me that-" they're silent for a moment. "We'll get back together when I feel like it-"
“It got so boring-” Castiel gulped, “You didn’t shop there anymore after our falling out.”
Dean smiles then, "That's all I want. I don't want to have sex." his face scrunches up then. "Least I don't think I wanna."
Castiel hides the growl in his chest before diving in once more, except this time it was more of a kiss rather than a bite- that same sound escapes the boys lips. It was such a soft and sweet sound, he couldn't get enough of it so he begins kissing a little bit more roughly- with no biting whatsoever.
"Will you just drive-" John groans in anger, "-we'll talk about this later." but they don't, he was just buying time in hopes he would forget about this, which Castiel did. When they get to the house, he invites Castiel in and whatever happens, happens.
who turned out to be a complete teddy bear who loved donuts. Tiny treated Dean well, treated him like a friend and he appreciated it. The guy didn't look at him like a piece of meat on a stick like some of the bigger guys seemed too. After rec time, he goes to his bunk and his mouth falls open when Castiel is in there.
"No."
"Not at all." he wipes his mouth on a napkin, the pasta had been good so it was devoured in no time. "Got anything for desert?" he stands up, clearly feeling comfortable in the home and looks inside the fridge, then the freezer. "There's ice cream in here-"
When Castiel got in bed, over the cover's, he looked at the man next to him. " You can lay down, big bed and all. " he patted the mattress.
Castiel bursts out laughing as he pulls on his boxers. "You're adorable." Dean gets up from the bed and starts to punch the older man in the chest but it doesn't hurt him. "Yeah- you wanna fight me- hmm?" Castiel struggles to get the boy under control and eventually just throws him on the soft bed so he doesn't get a punch at his nose this time. "You can try to fight me but you won't win."
Dean literally coughs because
"Need anything else?" Castiel looked to the boy that walked close beside him, ice cream cone in hand. "We got you new clothes, sneakers and some video games so far-"
The grip on the teen tightens possessively, "Well, she knows I like
Dean misses living with him so much that it almost hurts. His orgasm is approaching but so are the tears and those are blinked away until he's finished. "Ugh-" he moans suddenly when he spills all over his hand and stomach. "Ugh, shit-" It's not long before he's hauling his sticky body out of bed for a quick shower.
After arriving at the cabin, Castiel pulls the teen into his arms and green eyes look up at him curiously, "Go ahead, leave me for Derek-" he lets go so that he can get started on unloading the car of their belongings.
"If it's your dick, it don' count-" he leans in close to the man and sighs, "Think I'm kinda drunk-" hiccups. "Feel all weird-"
Castiel smiles, "You may take a shower now." he steps aside.
"Sorry-" he says softly.
"Shoulda never walked that far out without one of my guns." Bobby shakes his head while they make their way back. "If I ever see that thing again, we come back. Guns loaded." They're almost at the house when he speaks up, "You gay, Dean?"
Dean swallows his own arousal so that he can stay in character, "Oh yea?" his voice is hard. "You think I would've let some nerd like you fuck me?" his fingers run through the dark hair before tugging. "I would've never looked at you like that, Cas-" his voice is teasing, "I would've kicked your fucking ass if it even looked like you wanted me-"
Before he's even had the chance to think about it Castiel is agreeing to his proposal for sex because he was horny and just wanted to forget about everything. For some odd reason, the pain of not being able to be with Dean is becoming a nagging
Castiel inhales and exhales slowly, eyes fixed on the older man by his side. John's eyes examine him and his thumb brushes against his kiss swollen bottom him. It's what comes next that surprises him.
"Damn." Dean bit his lip, thinking that was kinda hot. Looking up at Castiel, he was starting to notice that he didn't look that old at all and now he knew why. He was only 34.
Regardless if this was going to be a courthouse ceremony, it doesn't mean the couple was going to show up in their everyday clothes. Definitely not, Castiel went totally
Castiel props himself on his elbows- still laying on the ground. "Next time you ride me, I want you to choke me." and he's serious about that. Dean looks up towards the house- Bobby isn't outside by the looks of it. "What- you up for it now?" Dean hesitates for a second but he pushes his shorts down and quickly hops on his step dad, "Fuck-" Castiel eases his cock into the ass that's ready and willing. His come makes it that much easier to push inside- who knew it made great lube.
"I'm going to put everything away then I'll leave-"
Dean relaxes on the chair for a moment before opening one of the desks drawers because he's not quite done snooping yet, which he instantly comes to regret. There's a hand gun hidden underneath some old papers and his fingertips ghost over the cold object. "Shit-" the word escapes him and glances over his shoulder to make sure he's still alone, which he indeed was.
"I told her that's impossible but she insists that you gave it to him, told me you're the only person he knows in the neighborhood-"
Dean seems to either not have heard him call or is ignoring him, that's a first and it bothers him greatly. Castiel closes the door and begins on dinner which would be a couple of plain hamburgers because cooking a nice meal wasn't in him tonight. Once the burgers are ready, he takes one on a paper plate to the bedroom for John because he seems to like to eat anywhere but the kitchen table.
start swimming around in his mind.
"I'm trying to understand-" Castiel says, he lays on his side, facing Dean as he listens. "But-"
Castiel had the saddest look in his eyes as he looked back at Dean- Mr.Winchester for the last time. Dean just watched him get into the taxi he had called for the boy, with a blank; emotionless expression. He was used to goodbyes.
"You're a teenager, I expect you to let me down-" Castiel runs his fingers through the hair on the nape of his neck, he's sweaty. "You're allowed to make mistakes, I made them too." Dean peeks up at him as if asking him to tell him his mistakes. "In med school-" he pauses, "-I often took Adderall, it was better than coffee for all the long nights I spent studying."
"You're a big boy, aren't you?"
they still need to talk about that one of these days.
Castiel finishes his burger in silence, after cleaning up the table and doing a few chores around the house he comes to realize he's forgotten his cell phone in the car so he goes out to grab it real quick.
Now Castiel laughs, "Do I?" They resume their romantic stroll- "You make me very happy." he says after a while- his eyes are focused ahead.
Castiel nods before letting her into the house "Here she is, home sweet home-" and tosses the keys on the table by the door. When he turns around to face his former colleague, he sees the look on her face. "What?"
His drive to the hospital is spent in deep thought, thinking of how he should have helped Dean more with school but it was too late now because he already chose the kind of future he wants to have.
Castiel swallows nervously, eyes not meeting Johns. "I'm not cheating-"
"You look so cute-" Castiel laughs, "You're sort of making me want to have a little boy of my own." and admires the eleven year old as they wait at the stop sign down the street for his bus.
"Oh my God-" the teen curses under his breath sweetly because that tongue that was licking his nipples earlier is now lapping firmly into his hole. "
Dean looks down at his nearly empty plate and shake, "Oh well-" his tone aloof.
Dean smiles, "Shut up-" and quickly goes to help his uncle bring all the bags inside the house.
"What's goin' on-" he slurs, his eyes adjusting.
Dean blinked away tears,"You have money...I don't. I don't want you keeping me when I'm the one who should keep you but I don't have anything at all-"
"Dean, you had a CT scan done at the hospital." Dean nods, "If something was wrong they would have told me."
"Convincing. I don't think your parent's would approve of you fooling around with the help." he joked even though it didn't sound like one.
"I'm getting old-" Castiel kisses the hand that's tracing his crows feet and sets it down on his lap, "You're still so young-"
He looks like he's thinking it over, "No. But I think we shouldn't have sex for a while-it reminds me of-"
Eventually Castiel places his hand on his thigh, giving it a reassuring squeeze.
They make out on the bed for what seems like forever until Dean's phone roars to life with Metallica. "Guess we better go-" he whispers against the older mans lips. "Sorry I couldn't-" he refers to the lack of sex that was had in the room today.
The rain hitting the roof while they fucked made the evening seem a whole lot more romantic and meaningful than it had been, Castiel must have moaned into the musky room for hours as John pulled him apart, broke him down and put him back together again in the span of a few hours.
Dean yells
"Migraines, headaches?" He nods, "Trouble sleeping?" He nods again, "Lack of appetite?"
"Don't cry-" he pulls her in close for a hug, his hand rubs up and down her back lovingly. "You know why I had to leave-"
Dean shrugged, not breaking eye contact with Castiel. "I-I remember trying to kiss dad a lot when I was little. Like, I would try to make out with him." He breaks eye contact, looking down. "I didn't know why I would do that. I don't remember him stopping me either. There's more I remember-"
Dean chose life. He's choosing to get better, no matter how
After he brushed his teeth, he comes into the kitchen - he's freshly showered. He hugs Castiel from behind, he's flipping the meat patty for Dean's burger and has some tater tots cooking in the oven for him too. "You smell nice." Castiel hums, "Really nice." Castiel's always loved the smell of Dean.
"Nothin' makes a man more cheerful than when he's just gotten sum-" Bobby bites into the toast he stole off Dean's plate. "So, who gave ya sum?"
The teen wraps both his arms around his bear of an uncle and they both cry it out for a minute or two because it happened so fast. Dean wasn't planning on leaving his only flesh an blood relative all alone, at least not for another few months.
Castiel comes up behind him a few minutes later and Dean on instinct moves a little bit in order to make room for the larger man. Once he's inside, Dean leans backwards against his chest now, strong arms wrap around him and he sighs. "Relax baby." he orders, the words tickle his ear. They stay like that for a while until Castiel begins to massage the teenagers shoulders gently, making him whimper. "Shh, baby- just relax."
It was clear this guy was some sex obsessed freak. Castiel had always been very tame when it came to sex (only having been with one person before and it didn't
in a long while. It almost makes him sad,
comes out of the thing in his pants.
Robin almost giggles before kissing him on the lips once more, and his anger melts away. "What do you think of my boobs?" the subject is changed and Dean's brain short circuits, glancing down at her chest and losing the ability to speak. "I'm just asking, cause were friends-" her own eyes look down at her chest. "Should I be saving my tips for a boob job?"
Castiel nodded, "What changed?"
“Me too. I’ve missed you.”
“Cas?”
Dean nods before being squished against the older mans firm chest, his eyes close and clutches at the back of his jacket for dear life. "I love you-" the words sound forced, like he shouldn't be saying them but is, only because it's the truth.
Castiel closed his eyes, whimpering. “I’m not going to run away this time…” opening his eyes again he took Dean’s lightly bearded face in his hands, “I ran because I’m scared of YOU running away from me. Sex, love...all of it is new to me. I’ve never been close to anyone-I have no experience at all.”
Little soft moans escape Dean's parted pink lips, his hands are holding the older mans head against his chest. "
"Sure-" Dean forces a smile because it beats working at the diner.
" The whipped cream? "
"Too bad your name isn't Adam, you'd be Adam and Eve."
"I need you." Castiel's hand is rubbing up and down his thigh. Dean understands that he needs this right now so he nods. Castiel opens the passenger side door to help him out of the car and guides him to the motel room, once inside Dean feels nervous once again. "Don't be nervous." he says, it doesn't help that Castiel is being
"You're not fat."
"Dean. What the hell, stop it-" Of course he doesn't 'stop it', the brat keeps going. His smaller hands are gripping each of the older man's thighs, kneading at the meaty flesh there. Castiel's mouth hangs open, he's struggling to breathe and can't help but think how beautiful the boy looks down there, sucking his cock. Well, the head mostly but he's sucking as if it were a melting Popsicle on a hot Summer day.
. Dean stays home every day now that school has been shut down until further notice- he doesn't mind one bit. He rather be home- waiting for
As the sun's last rays of light peek in through the kitchen window, it becomes very clear that John might not come home for Thanksgiving dinner. The boy begins to nag Castiel about it, begging him to call his father and tell him to hurry home because he was hungry. The man is almost demonic when angry, so of course he hadn't wanted to begin their feast without him.
"Have you eaten anything yet?" Dean shakes his head, "I thought that might be the case-" he says, holding up a plastic grocery bag with supplies. "If you want, I can come in and make you a sandwich, got everything right here." Dean opens the door wide enough to let the man through and he follows the boy to the kitchen, "John always comes home late, is that right?"
"Do you think we will ever have sex together?" he cuddles in close, not noticing the flinch the older man gives.
and decides to walk home. The fresh air would do him good and he's starting to think that maybe it's a good thing he doesn't have access to his car right now or else he'd be driving off to the strip club to waste more money.
Dean nods, "Right."
His bedroom door swings open to reveal a confused Bobby Singer.
"Baby-" he scoots over on the bed so he could be closer to him.
Castiel nods because he hit it right on the mark, completely accurate.
Dean goes to the kitchen for some food when the aroma of fresh coffee and bacon wafts into his bedroom, leaving his stepfather to enjoy his rest a little longer. Surely the guy had to go to work, but he couldn't bare the thought of waking him. Especially not after almost running a fever the night before, poor guy running himself down with work every single day.
his fingers tug on the thick dark hair on the back of the mans neck. He groans again when another bruise is being sucked onto his skin, "Cas, can we get to it already-"
Castiel's eyebrows shoot up in surprise, "Ruby? You're dating women now?" unable to wrap his mind around the idea.
After they had sex, Castiel stands in the bathroom analyzing himself in the mirror. Well, mostly his neck. "Damn it, Dean." he whispers, unable to believe that Dean left a hickey on him and a pretty large hickey at that. You'd think he got bitten by a vampire. Now he's wondering how he will hide this at work when he goes back, the hickey is near his freaking jugular, nothing is going to cover this up and he knows if he goes to the hospital sporting the damn thing Meg will have something to say about it.
"Agh-" Dean groans, trying to get away.
Dean tries to ignore the looks the older man is giving him, basically feeling hazel eyes burning into him and pretends to not notice.
Dean softly says "S'okay-" while walking alongside the older man with his hands behind his back- it was a habit from elementary school he couldn't seem to shake no matter how hard he tried.
"Kitten wants milk-" he opens his mouth, sticking his tongue out- his eyes close, waiting for it.
Dean rolls his eyes, wishing he could express himself better. "Yea, whatever-" the man leans close and asks him when they will talk about Gordon or his father because they haven't discussed it much. "Not yet-" he states softly, "I'm scared to-"
"Sorry about-"
Dean aggressively bites into his muffin, "Oh yea-" he nods. "-I went to a party at school, only the smart kids got to go." and he says it in the softest tone.
"It's
After Castiel paid for everything, they walk back to the car holding hands. It makes him sad how they might not ever be able to hold hands in public, or during day light hours. It's become pretty known by now that Castiel is Dean's step dad. Everyone at his school knows, other parents, teachers.
Castiel knows that this man is capable of some pretty serious mood swings and as if on instinct, pushes the boy behind him protectively. "You were upset-" and that's putting it mildly. "I thought it was best to take him to a motel with me for the night-" there's a pause. "Given what happened last time, I didn't want the cops involved."
Dean's all wide eyes and hiccups underneath the older man, "Your bitch-" and those words took the only bit of courage he had, leaving none for later.
They're almost done eating when Dean asks, "So-" and chugs the last of his root beer soda. "-what's this Derek guy like, where'd you meet em'-" he's come to know that most if not all of his uncles clients are referred to him by word of mouth by someone in town or he knew them already.
"Come on, come on-" he mumbles under his breath. "Ugh-" he moans again, softly. "Come on, come on-" and he's spilling a large load of come into the soapy water. "Agh-fuck-" and the water works come too. "Damn it, get it together-" he slaps himself twice in the face. "Stop crying-"
Dean follows him, arms crossed at his chest. Castiel hugs him goodbye for the day, "Bye asshole." Dean slams the door and tries to keep his game face on long enough for him to leave. Soon as he hears the car leave, he breaks down crying.
Eventually Castiel brings snacks out for everyone, the classy kind that Dean won't touch for anything. It's when he goes into the kitchen for more wine that the women follow closely behind him, all but one and it wasn't Hannah. Which is too bad, because he thought she was really nice, not milf nice but just
"Could you-" he breathes in and out, "Break into the house and r-rape me?"
Dean looks up and shit those eyes that remind him of spring time.
"Okay baby, no more drinks-" his hands cup the teens face before shoving his tongue into his alcohol tasting mouth. "Mmm-"
"Dean?" she looks concerned.
Castiel pats him on the head and throws him a towel, "Sure thing, freckles."
Now Dean was the one who felt confused because the authorities weren't being called, but
Dean sits down on the couch with the bowl of candy on his lap, "You looked pretty cuddly with that lady-" his tone clearly expresses his jealousy.
head over to give peace to their new neighbors. They shake hands, first with the parents and then with their kids. As soon as his hand comes into contact with the boys hand -and yes, he's already forgotten his name- his world ends in fire because he wants him almost instantly even if it was beyond sick.
Everything is so
Castiel hadn't looked at the caller ID before answering so hearing the boys voice right then was a bit of a surprise. "Hey-" his tone quickly softens, "Everything okay at Sam's?"
The boy nods and watches him disappear down the hallway only for him to come rushing out a few moments later wearing an odd shade of green scrubs.
that had some pretty explicit looking things inside.
"You think that old Impala can make it all the way out here?" he nods. "Boy you talkin' stupid, that thing is on it's last leg- It ain't him." The rustling is heard again and this time they all scream- even Bobby- because a whole family of bats end up flying out of the trees and towards them so they run like bats out of hell themselves, heading for the cabin.
Dean blinks, "Wha-?" suddenly he feels more scared than he was, but he doesn't know why he's so afraid. He clutches at the arm rests of the chair he was sitting on in the hallway, he feels like nothing is real.
"Dean!" He calls to him, holding up the mug. Dean waves him over so he goes to him- "What are you doing?"
Castiel looks pretty hurt, "What's wrong?" the sound of crickets is the only thing audible aside from their soft voices. "Did I do something wrong?"
His heart is sinking because it looks like he's finally getting kicked out of the house for being such a troublemaker. It really hasn't dawned on him that he has freaking moved out of the home.
Dean shoves him away playfully, "Shut up-" and it makes them both smile,"But yea, I'm cool with it-"
"Yeah, that Alex." she laughs.
"John-" Castiel breathes audibly, the man was towering over him. His large hands were now grabbing his ass. "Ugh-" he moans, his forehead coming to rest on the mechanics chest. "-I like you a lot-" he confesses, though it's more about his good looks than anything else. Though now, since his attitude has changed into something sweeter, he might be developing some feelings.
Dean couldn't fall asleep that night, at least not right when he got into bed. His eyes were fixed on the ceiling fan above him, watching it go round and round for who knows how long. His stomach growls eventually so he gets up and tip toes into the kitchen, the light was already on. Castiel was leaning against the counter eating something, but he couldn't tell what it was.
He laughs, "Didn't have to, she was scared of me the moment I pulled her aside to talk-"
Castiel buries his face into the teens back, "Unfortunately, yes-"
The man he believes is Castiel crouches in front of him, running the sharp knife along his cheek. This is a little darker than he asked of him, he was pretty sure he asked the guy to pretend he was a burglar and fuck him. Maybe play a little rough but not this weird shit.
Castiel swallows, "Please-" and begs softly. "I just want-"
Castiel smiles with a lip bite, "Mhm-"
"You shouldn't do that." Castiel says casually, "Your stomach will explode."
"Is that dad-" he asks, sitting up- his eyes blinking the sleepiness away.
"I could help you with that-" his words are spoken sweetly, his hands wrap around his waist to pull him closer.
"So no one gave you a hard time last week then?" he asks once they've taken their seats.
"Tell me what-" Castiel pours himself a mug full of coffee. He serves himself some eggs and a few waffles before sitting down. "What did you do now?"
Castiel nods before whispering, "You look so cute in your uniform."
"Yea-" he closes his eyes when Derek's thumb brushes away the stray tear. "He cheated on me so I broke up with him-" the mans eyes go wide in surprise right then but only for a second. "I'm just feelin' really needy and hurt right now-" their eyes meet again. "I'd only be using you if we did somethin'-"
It's time for dinner, the first meal to be had after arriving home and a quick visit from Bobby because hey- the man was concerned too. Dean can't help but smile at the fact that his dear old uncle has somehow come to accept his relationship with the man who pretty much raised him from a young age.
blue eyes look in the direction he wants him to go.
When Bobby goes to his bedroom for bed- he waits an hour before going to see Dean.
he can't help but think that and he vows to himself to be more careful in the future- don't do things like that with anyone but Castiel.
"I'll walk- It's okay."
Dean laughs softly in miserly, "Wow-" blinking away the shock. "I know you used to fuck chicks but her- God, I hate her."
Dean taps the side of the bed, "Enough-" he moans desperately and broken, "Fuck." It's not long before Castiel hears him crying, this time he knows it's not because of pleasure. "C-Cas-"
Dean looks so eager, "Yea, please-" and turns to him and gives him a big hug, burying his face into his neck. The boy was almost sobbing, "I want him-" then looks up at him again and he was making little fake crying sounds. "He looks so sad here-" and he's tugging on the mans jacket as if it's his way of begging.
Bobby sighs in relief, "Good. Don't be doin' nothin'-" after a while he adds, "If you're gay, no problem but- you're just young- you know? Don't think you're mature enough to handle-"
Castiel nodded.
John shrugs passively, "Did some drugs I probably shouldn't have-" the look on the doctors face says it all. "-but you already knew that."
"Yes...I'm currently taking a few classes and I'm working in a store, I can't afford my own place."
Castiel sighs, "I better go-"
Castiel was walking up the porch steps and is about to knock on the door when he sees the view from the window, Dean and his uncle having a good time over dinner. He looks happy and is laughing. Castiel can't help but smile at the heartwarming picture before he changes his mind and decides to just go back home. He had come over to apologize and check on how Dean was doing but he looked happy enough without him from the looks of it.
"Gross."
Castiel blinks rapidly as if to repel any unwanted images of wrestling with the boy. "No, not this kind of wrestling-" he says before closing the bathroom door, then he reopens it. "I need to take a shower-" he looks down at the boy expectantly who is now rushing to put away his toothbrush so he can go to his room. Once the coast is clear of any children, he slides out of his boxers before getting into the shower.
Dean moans like a whore while his ass gets pounded from behind, unable to answer the mans question. His hands are at the sides of his head and gripping the pillow for dear life, simply holding on for the rough ride. Castiel's hands keep his cheeks spread apart in order to watch his large cock going in and out of that sweet hole. Eventually the teen  squeals softly because his prostate was getting jabbed roughly every time the man punched in.
Castiel on the other hand couldn't really go so comfortably until his teen love left the bathrooms and finally gave him some privacy. When they meet up at the terminal, Castiel is apologetic for taking so long and Dean is not having it.
"Why does it bother you-" he says casually, not thinking this is a big deal.
"I guess I can let you taste it-" Castiel smiles down at him, running the head of his cock over the boys sticky lips like lipstick before dipping it into his wet mouth. The teen moans over the thick cock in his mouth, his eyelashes flutter briefly. "Ah- ah- watch your damn teeth." he pulls out and slaps the boys cheek again.
Castiel breathes in harshly, nodding, licking his lips in anticipation for the next kiss but it doesn't come. Instead, John gets down on his knees.
on his cheeks, nose and even some on his neck.
"That's right, you're not living with him anywhere-" she writes something down on her pad.
Castiel takes a seat at the table now, "I think that's everything-" Dean glares. "-if I remember anything else, I'll tell you." Just then his phone rings, "What's up Bobby?" he speaks into his cell, Dean got up to pull out supplies for sandwiches from the fridge and he watches the boy make them. "Really?" he groans, "At this rate I'll be out of a job- thanks for letting us know, bye." he hangs up.
"He didn't tell you anything?" Bobby shakes his head. "A boy died on the operating table, he thinks it's his fault and I guess everyone does too." Bobby nods while he stands there, hands shoved into his jeans pockets. "He's gotta take a drug test tomorrow when he goes in for work and some kinda evaluation."
Luckily the two cops at his side weren't buying the mechanics bullshit and quickly see that this is just some dumb mistake that didn't need the help of authorities. Mostly, they're acting like John Winchester is wasting precious tax payer money which in fact he very much fucking is.
"I never got this much before!" Dean says happily, unwrapping a chocolate bar.
"Yea?" is all he can say, as if this man is a complete stranger. "What do you want?"
"Sorry son, I didn't make that much money this week." he goes to the boys closet and grabs another blanket to cover him up with. "Better?"
Sam whispers in his ear so his parents don't hear, "We can watch porn after dinner."
He shakes his head again, "No." he lies- he'd spilled the beans on their relationship and didn't have the heart to tell him- he would tell him though, he just had to talk to Bobby about it first. That proved to be difficult because whenever he tried to bring it up, his uncle would get flustered and leave the room. It was uncomfortable- but they were family, and his therapist swore him to no secrets. Everything should be on the table.
Castiel looks unsure. "I-I don't want to have sex with you."
Castiel doesn't respond because although he does like the panties, it's not fun to receive photos like this in front of the teens rather frightening uncle. When he turns around, that's when he gets a real look of his plush bottom, his cheeks peeking through the panties is what does him in. He caves, exhaling loudly in arousal.
John knew Castiel wouldn't forgive him just like
Only stopping when tears start rolling down his face. "Guess that's all you can take then-"
"Cause," Dean smiles. "I fucked you."
Castiel nods knowingly, "Of course you didn't. I would be able to tell if you had taken something like that- " the teen swallows nervously. "Did he ask you if you wanted to try it?" he shrugs again. "Did he?" the question is repeated a little louder.
Now it was his time to laugh a little, "I'm bigger than that and you're able to handle me just fine-"
His nostrils flare in jealously instantly and despair because he can't do anything about this. Especially after what he did, he betrayed Dean in the most horrible way by sleeping with someone else. A woman who he hates- a woman he blames for the issues he's dealing with now. Castiel deletes the text otherwise Dean would know he had read it, Derek would text him again anyways. He's sure of it.
The bathroom door is kicked by the boy, "Or what! You're gonna hit me like he does!?"
Dean smiles, taking the candy and putting it inside his jacket pocket. "Merry Christmas, sweetheart-" he gestures for her to sit down. "Here-"
Dean quickly notices that he's half naked and his hair was a mess, "What's going on-"
Castiel bumps shoulders with him, "Nothing. Not if you don't want to-" there's a pause. "-but I like you, don't want you getting hurt by one of these assholes."
"Wait!" he gets up and runs after him, panting when he gets to the room. "You win."
He hesitates for a couple seconds, "I don't, sir." They both know that's a lie but it doesn't matter.
Castiel nods weakly, "Sure-" they kiss once more. "-I'll move in with you."
"You never stopped loving me?" he asks insecurely which makes Dean smile and shake his head. "I never stopped loving you either."
Dean smiles, "I love you too-"
Poor Dean, so desperate to believe this lie over the fact that his mother just
Alex smiles, "I can't sleep with clients-" he plants his plump ass over the doctors growing bulge, grinding on it the way he knew he liked.
Dean nods, "I understand. Just don't lie to me anymore." Castiel stays silent, his face was flushed. He gives in and sits on the edge of the bed, "You didn't think you could be honest with me?"
Castiel quickly got out of his car and introduced himself- after showing them the house they fell in love with it and why wouldn't they, he spent almost two weeks repairing the small things that needed fixing. All the rooms had been repainted, he even cut the grass outside and tossed all of Johns old junk that he'd left out back. The place looked great- it finally looked like it belonged with the rest of the neighborhood.
"It's for your pretty lips-" the man bends down to kiss his soft lips, "Mmm-"
"Oh that injection." he grins.
Castiel's eyes widen momentarily when the large cock buries deeply inside of him suddenly, causing a burning sensation. "Aghh-" he groans in pain and pleasure. Eventually his hand sneaks between their slicked bodies so that he can stroke himself. "I'm gonna-" and it's spilling all over his stomach after a few seconds. "Oh fuck-" then he's chuckling softly because the relief was needed regardless of who had given it to him.
"Mother I'd like to fuck-" the response is cocky, like he was getting pleasure from explaining the term of
It was easier to cry over an innocent animal that it was to cry over an abusive man.
"Couldn't sleep-" Dean signs, "Can you take this out?" he looks down at his arm- Castiel sits up and looks at the empty IV bag and nods. Dean winces when the cannula is taken out of his arm and although a band aid is placed on the area right away Dean could see the glimpse of a bad bruise that would be there soon. "I'm hungry."
and so is Dean. He knows because his breath is hitching in his throat and he's whimpering softly like he's always done when hes going to come. "Look at me-" and he does, green eyes look down into the blue abyss in his. "Tell me you love me."
The following day Castiel spent alone- Bobby had gone off to help a friend at his garage in town and Dean went on his movie date with Robin. After the movie Dean called him to let him know they would be going to the park and then to the diner for dinner. He'd gone into town to pick up groceries but that only took about an hour. The rest of the day he spent cleaning and moping around the place. It's almost seven in the evening and he's still sulking- and still home all alone when he makes his way into Dean's room. He missed
Castiel buries his face in the teens sweaty neck, "Harder-" he orders, so Dean digs his nails into his flesh, dragging them down his sweat slicked skin. "Fuck-" his teeth sink into the teens salty flesh, sucking as his orgasm hits and leaving a large, very defined hickie.
Castiel smiles, "You can do it tomorrow, go home and rest." Dean nods and slowly begins to redress himself while the man watches him fondly from the bed where he was still laying.
They slowly walk back to Castiel's car, hand in hand. Before reaching the car they do stop by a pretty tree with red leaves and take a picture together, it wasn't appropriate given the reason of their visit to the place but neither of them intended to come back here. They just hope they can lay the memory of John Winchester to rest along with his ashes, they don't want to see him in this life or the next.
Sam jabs his shoulder into Dean's ribs. "Stop it-" Dean complains.
"Whats up?"
Dean rubs his eyes, "What's your friggin' point-"
about him and Dean, how could he be friends with her again. Despite of the facts he does respond to the email.
"Yea-" he rolls his eyes. "-you don't see all the tantrums the kid throws behind closed doors.
Dean sighs, "Fuck-"
"W-what do you want?" He's turned on by the way the freaking guy looks in this get up- but he is a little scared. Who knows what Castiel might do to him.
Castiel swallows down his emotions, "Are you still going to love me when I'm old?" there's a pause. "I'm going to get there and pretty soon-" so dramatic, as if turning forty is the end of the road for everyone.
After dinner when Dean finally gets into bed, there's a few texts waiting for him. There's one from Kevin, another from Ash letting him know he did a good job replacing the transmission, and a final one from Castiel.
Castiel's eyes begin to water, "You really feel that way?"
A few days without his fix and hes beyond anxious, his hand tramples and he sets down the wrench his uncle just gave him. "You alright?" hes asked and he nods but the paleness of his face says otherwise. "Go inside boy, you helped me enough today."
He listens for a while, with his hear pressed to the door and assumes they're fighting again, given the language that the two men are using.
to his face.
"Well-" Castiel sighs, "I love you sweetie, I'll call you again." the word sweetie makes Dean blush- so much in fact that he just waves and hangs up the call without saying he loves him too.
"Fuckin' slut-" John slams into his ass, over and over- rougher than he had the last time. "-you like gettin' raped, don't you slut?"
It's like fucking Castiel in the ass like that and having it be
Benny realized what he meant. “I don’t care if you’re gay Dean...but I’m old.” he shrugged.
"He pressured me to try coke-" Dean mutters softly. Benny nods. "I didn't want to- I swear."
"Ow! Don't do that!"
There's a minute or two of silence, "I called him at seven in the morning, when I woke up-" Jody nods, listening to him. "He didn't pick up cause he was drivin' to work-" inhales shakily again, releases the armrest. "It hurt, when I thought he was dead-"
"Yea-" he sits up again, anger builds up in his body but he keeps it under control because he doesn't want to scare her. "-he told me. We had a fight and the truth just came out." he wipes his nose with the tissue in his hand.
"Please." he tries to kiss Castiel but he's pushed away and forced to sit on the hospital bed- it was the wrong thing to do because Dean breaks down emotionally in an instant- "If I made you mad, I'm sorry. I'll do whatever you want. I'll do anything-" he grabs Castiel's arm again, "Daddy, please don't leave me. I love you. Please. Please. Please-" tears roll down his freckled cheeks. For a split second he swears he saw the look of disgust in those blue eyes even though he's sure he imagined it.
"Cas!" Dean shouts, stomping up the porch steps. "I know you're in there-" he bangs on the door. "-friggin' coward." he barges in and looks around for him. Eventually he finds him laying in his bed. "Dude, it's two in the afternoon, what are you doin' in bed. We had plans-" his accusations die down once he notices the nearly empty whiskey bottle on his nightstand and he approaches the sleeping man on the bed. "Cas-" he pokes his shoulder. Castiel was dead asleep.
"Fuck-" Dean whines in frustration, "Yea, wanna be good for you." After a while he asks, "Cas?"
After making the teen a quick sandwich, he pads down the hallway and stops before going in. Dean was clearly crying, it was always a heartbreaking thing to hear. "Dean?"
He waits for the teenager to catch his breath which is strange since they were just walking. "You okay?" he asks and it dawns on him, "-damn it, I forgot to give you-"
Dean squeals, "Why isn't he home!"
"I know-" Castiel groans, wiping his eyes. "-never been much for drinking." they hadn't intended on it. Castiel knew his new friend wasn't gay in the slightest. He had a wife and a boy named Dean, who was super cute- just extremely shy. He hadn't thought anything would happen, but John punched his arm playfully as he made some dumb joke about him not being able to hold onto his alcohol- that's when it happened. They kissed and it wasn't romantic, it was two lips- pressing against each other for a moment.
Dean snorts, "You got a tree?"
"Hmm-" she looks pensive. "Maybe it comes from the fact that you've been hurt deeply and you want to make others hurt, in your case a bird."
Castiel's leaning back against this chair at the table too, watching the exchange. "They look nice together, don't they?"
"You were too young to understand a lot of things-" he nods in understanding, telling him to spill it already. "I knew he abused drugs. When he came into the hospital, that's how I found out. Someone found him passed out in the bathroom at a bar after shooting up-"
Once back in Dean's hospital room, Castiel looks upset. "What's wrong?" Dean wipes his face, he knows he's being a girl but he can't help it. He's scared and being locked up in the hospital doesn't help.
"What is it?" Castiel leans over the car and looks at his work- not that he even knows what he's looking at.
"I'm working-" Castiel sighs, "-I'll come check on you soon." he gives him a quick kiss before heading out. An hour later Castiel comes back with his lab and x-ray results in hand. "So your x-ray came back normal, guess I was right when I said you pulled something-" his eyes are focused on his chart so he hadn't realized Dean had just woken up from a nap when he came into his room. "-and your vitamin levels are still low, even with weekly injections." he turns the page. "Hmm-"
When he appears down the hallway, he's unable to do anything but meet him halfway into his embrace and unleashes his tears into the mans bare chest. This is where he feels safe, at
Castiel nods before patting him on the thigh, "Sorry-" and sits down on the toilet again, not because he had to go but because there was nowhere else to sit aside from the hard bed.
Castiel's cutting out a piece for himself and Bobby when he comes in, taking a seat the table. "Eating in here?"
"Bobby-" he whispers, hugging his legs to himself now. "So-" Dean mentions casually after a beat, "-after my birthday can I still go live with you? Even if were not-"
Dean takes a sip. "Why do people drink tea- doesn't taste like anything." he continues to drink it though, for his sake. "Sorry I ruined-"
"I know-" he leans back, hands on his thighs casually because he doesn't know where else to put them. "-you just brought up our old college days and-and not seeing you for so long-" he shrugs. "Guess it brought back some old feelings."
Dean looks him in the eyes for a few seconds too long before blinking away the last of his tears, now looking down at his boots.
"Oh my God." Dean sighs again, "Damn it." swallowing dryly. "My door needs a lock!" he finally screams out to the older man.
They did go for ice cream- Dean got Chocolate, Castiel got Vanilla and Bobby got Butter Pecan and like Castiel promised- they got pizza and watched a movie. Dean got to pick, like always and he chose one that ended up freaking them all out and no one wanted to sleep that night. Every bump- every thump- every gust of wind made them jump.
The adults glare at each other, "I'll make you soup. It's basically just broth-" Bobby says, "Yea?"
"Can I kiss you?" Dean stands up too, "Like in the movie we saw-"
"You running from something?" he asks nervously.
"Hey!" Castiel shouted at him, "I live here! You're not allowed to be in here, this property is private! "
Dean huffs a laugh, and spits blood into the trashcan near him. "Hey, Cas."
right about now, he'd be more than proud.
Castiel pulls out of the driveway and Dean waves to his friend Jack who was sitting outside on the porch with his mother and baby sister. "Thanks for doing this, Cas." Dean says after an hour on the road, the sun is beginning to set over the horizon. Two more hours to go.
Castiel rolls his eyes and Bobby gets himself a second cup of coffee- going to bed any time soon to catch up on some
The boy is yawning sleepily into his pillow when his father walks into his bedroom and it becomes very clear that he's not going to be sleeping anytime soon. He hates nights like tonight because the man never did this when his mother was still around.
"I need to spend more time with you, I know." he gives a kiss to the top of his head, "Come on, why don't we go for a drive."  On their drive, the traffic lights pass by in a blur as Dean almost nods off in the passenger seat- when the car comes to a halt he becomes alert.
"It's okay, Dean. Take your time, tell me everything."
"I'll go buy you some cold medicine, I'll be back." Castiel smiles, leaving a tissue box at his side. Dean nods. When Castiel comes back, he's got the medicine he promised and an herbal tea. "Take this first-" he hands him the medicine- once he takes it he hands him the herbal tea. "Drink this."
"Right." Bobby is about to continue when Dean barges in to steal the bag from the two men. "Boy!"
Robin cups his face, "You really have to ask?" and gives him a quick wink before running off to get his usual order.
The drive home is silent and Dean is confused when he parks up at his house instead of Bobby's.
Castiel nods, "Oh yes-" the admission is a moan. "I always wanted-" there's a pause of hesitation. "I always wanted a bad boy, back in high school-"
"I'll be starting college soon, next week actually." and he smiles awkwardly, the guy was built like a Greek God and it was making him feel inferior under that wolfish gaze.
"You should text Jo, let her know you didn't forget about her already."
Well fuck...He couldn't say anything, he just held the phone out.
They drink and watch a few
"Why are you crying?" Dean asks quietly and he looked so scared so he wipes his tears away and smiles.
He'd seen them kissing a few times, but yet again he didn't think it was weird or wrong. Dean often was left alone to watch soap operas so he was very aware of what kissing was but he didn't know of any boundaries- If two men kissing was normal, or the ages of people kissing- he thought nothing of it. To him, it was all normal. After all, kissing was better than fighting or hitting.
"Yes?" his voice shakes.
The act is so pure, so innocent that the man sits down again and allows himself to be used as a pillow. Bobby doesn't dare ask what happened, only because he looked so fragile right then. Maybe talking about it would just cause more pain, or fear. He knew it must have been something regarding his father, he'd known for a long time that John was abusive.
Castiel was asleep in bed - Dean could tell that he was probably naked under the part of the blanket that was covering only some of his torso. Castiel was facing the door and could wake at any second but he didn't care. He stays there a few minutes just peeking through the cracked open door when the older man's eyes fly open like he can feel green lasers staring at him.
"I meant you were getting big as in, growing up-" and she smiles at him carefully. "You probably misunderstood me, you were thirteen the last time I had seen you before-"
"I used to cut your hair all the time when you were little." he begins, measuring the hair between his fingers and snipping away at the tips.
Dean walks back home and takes his time, he's thinking maybe Castiel found out he isn't there. Maybe he called the cops and reported him missing. Who knows what he's going to go home to. When he reaches the driveway almost an hour since he left Jo's place, there's nothing. All the lights are off in the house and there's no cops. Dean sighs and walks up and climbs in through his bedroom window.
"Coulda' fooled me-" he says smugly, Castiel was hard but that's just basic human biology. He's being stimulated, of course he's hard.
The house phone rings then so John leaves him alone and Dean was happy about that. As soon as Dean's left alone he quickly runs to the bathroom and locks the door behind him. When John answered the phone, it turned out to be Castiel calling him from his hospital room to let him know that he was getting released in the morning.
Dean wiped a tear from his eye. "Cas. We have to talk."
"You never woulda cheated on me if that bitch didn't come here-" Dean states, "Right?" and he nods in agreement. "Do you want to make me feel better?" he nods again. "Then kiss me, asshole-"
Tommy quickly shakes his head innocently, "No no no-" leans over closer across the table so that no one can hear their conversation. "I didn't tell anyone, another neighbor saw me going into your house and they thought-" he licks his lips. "They thought you hurt me when I ran out crying-"
Dean swallows, unable to concentrate on saying no because a large hand is groping his crotch which feels fucking amazing to his eighteen year old virgin self. "Yea-" is all that comes out. The man says nothing in response, flipping him over carefully on his stomach before his khakis are being pulled down, panic sets in instantly. "Uh-wait-" he's looking over his shoulder, soon a slicked finger is rubbing against his hole which surprisingly doesn't feel bad. "Ugh-" the soft moan slips out.
Castiel wipes his eyes when the teens back is turned while he gets dressed, "Will you come over tomorrow and help me around the house?" he changes the subject. "You haven't been helping me-" the teen turns around and resists the urge to give him a bitch face because he has been helping him.
Her name tag read 'Charlie B.'
The man on the porch has a clip board with him, "Novak residence?" and the teen nods. "Great, I'm here to inspect the house-" there's an extremely confused look on his face. "I'm an HVAC technician, I'm here to take care of the heating-" his voice is growing impatient. "You have an appointment-"
"That's great-" he smiles after taking a quick glance at the paper in the boys chubby hand and pulls into a parking space as close to the front of the store.
Bobby laughs, "The boy ain't doin' that-" and sips the soda in his hand because beer wasn't on the daily menu anymore. "He gets constipated, hogs the bathroom for an hour at a time-"
Castiel waits a long while before cleaning up the mess in the kitchen, deciding that Dean really should eat more so he makes him a sandwich paired with his favorite chips. He opens the boys bedroom door slowly, switching on the light. Dean was still awake, in bed. "Hey, you up for a sandwich?" the boy nods somberly and sits up, taking the plate of food. Against his better judgement he sits down on the edge of the twin bed, watching him eat.
"It's nice-" Dean says while looking around with his last chicken nugget in hand. "-are we on a vacation?"
"Cas would you hurry up!" Dean whines and he's sitting at the edge of theirbed, "You're going to be late for your first day!"
Dean looks at him, "What-"
"Yea, guess his lady friend is more important."
Brady unzips his fly and pulls himself out and Dean gets to work on
that smelled like sage to burn in his office. His eyes peek up just in time to see a dark haired woman approaching the teenager across the shop.
Castiel has his brows furrowed in confusion, "You mean Meg?"
"Stop the car!" Castiel shouted at his parent's as soon as he saw him, and jumped out, running back to the house to catch up with Dean. The dirt road somehow made it hard to run.
"How so?" Bobby asks, nursing his one and only beer- he didn't want to get drunk because he had to keep an eye on his boy. Now more than ever.
It's three in the morning, they're making their way to Castiel's hotel. "Hey, turn here." Dean says, gesturing towards the wal-mart to his right. "I need something." Castiel pulls into a parking space and cuts the engine.
Dean doesn't know much about
"Yuck-" Meg laughs, downing her virgin girly drink before standing up. "Let's go, I'll drop you off at home. You're too drunk to drive-" Castiel nods, following the nurse to her car.
"Okay!" she hisses, "I'm in love with you, always have been and always will be. Happy now?"
Sam gives him a worried look, "Do you wanna go get a milkshake or somethin?" he says, looking up at the dark clouds in the sky. "Don't think we can play out much today."
Dean's fallen asleep on the rocking chair and the sun has gone down when a noise wakes him. His eyes flutter a few times before they open, he's confused. Green eyes scan the land around him, searching for the noise that woke up. He sees a tall shadow by the wooden fence half a mile away- "Hey!" Dean stands up, "You!" he points to the shadow. "What are you doing here!"
"You're late, Novak!" he shouts, with a smile on his face.
"Ya wanna go over again? You were just there yesterday. Did ya even check his tires?"
photo and presses send. The photo he just sent to his stepfathers email was one of him looking over his shoulder, his ass on display. Instantly he regrets it because now the insecurity is setting in, thoughts similar to
Castiel nods, "-I got jealous." and pockets the syringe to dispose of safely later on once he's administered the shot. "That guy was attractive and I thought-"
Castiel sighs heavily before putting the tickets away in his work bag for safe keeping in the meantime, "I'll try to cancel our flights-" then pulls his love close to him. "How about I get us some bus tickets instead, would you go away with me to Mexico then?"
"You don't like me either Dean."
Dean shrugs again, still upset about what happened at the store. "Do you want a baby?" his eyes are cast downwards in an odd shame. It's something he hasn't ever felt before, sure, he's been jealous in the past but it's usually over video games or comic books that his friend.
"Fine. I'll ask."
Castiel notices, "Please eat."
Dean is practically skipping ahead of  his step dad on their way into the market. The day was nice, not too hot and the sky was a pale blue. "Wait up-" he calls, now sprinting to catch up to the teenager.
The wind blows them right back up onto the porch. "Damn it-" so now he sweeps them off the steps and halfway across the front yard.
Castiel closes his eyes to keep his own tears at bay, "I miss you too."
"He said you'd be find here for a few weeks-"
Castiel stands, "Alright-" and leaves without kissing him goodbye.
Dean snarls like a rabid puppy as he comes inside of the man, his orgasm is short lived and he finds himself falling onto Castiel's back. He's struggling to regain composure in his breathing.
Dean looks up at him, "He did?"
"That sounds awesome- but we don't exactly live next door."
Derek laughs, digging into his meal. "Sometimes-" eventually he says, "Before school starts, I'd like to see you-" Dean looks at him, thinking the wrong thing so he clarifies. "-so I can clean your teeth."
Castiel assumes he means on the cheek, or forehead. "No, he's allowed to kiss you-" and that has the boy nodding, now believing that what his father does to him in bed is normal. "But I'm not allowed to do that-"
Dean quickly shakes his head, "No. I-I mean I've had sex once, with an old girlfriend before but we didn't get very far." he'd never tell her he's had sex with his step father already. Maybe when he's eighteen he'll let her know since she won't be able to do anything about it then.
Castiel can sense his uncertainty of how to proceed so he takes the lube "Let me-" and coats his fingers, working himself open. "I'm ready, you'll do great-" he then reassures his love.
"You're interesting. Tell me about yourself." Here he was, Dean Winchester...being an absolute
Bobby gives him a side hug, "You're almost an adult, whoever you like is your business." He's grateful for the acceptance- but he doesn't feel
The blonde smiles and writes her number on a napkin for his friend.
Jody does her best in keeping her patient grounded and feeling safe while in their session. When Dean calms down enough he says something that happens to make her eyes well up with tears as well.
love him, regardless of what he tells Dean to his face. There was a time he would have done anything to make him happy.
"I've been out here the whole time-" he says, and they notice his hands- they're covered in dirt.
"This is gay." Dean laughs as they walk down the shore, sand between their toes and fingers laced together. "But I like it."
He rounds the corner to the living room and catches a glimpse of that worn leather jacket.
"Tomorrow's fourth of July-" Dean says, breaking their kiss. "What do you want to do?"
The boy took a mental picture of his face before he left his room, the clothes he was wearing and all of his freckles to remember him by.
Dean licks his bottom lip slowly, "If he fucked me, you'd be jealous-" and reaches up to suck on Castiel's bottom lip briefly, the act makes a loud sucking noise in the silent room. "Wouldn't you?" Castiel grips his hair possessively in warning and he winces at the burn, "Bet you'd like to watch him do it too, you freak-" and just to egg him on, "Do you think he'd wanna fuck me?" his voice is soft and innocent.
"I might've-" Dean looks up at him, "Hurt her wrist." Castiel's eyebrows raise a little in surprise. "I wasn't tryin' to! She came up behind me-"
Castiel quickens his pace, he's still only two inches inside the boy but it's enough. They're both enjoying it. He knows this because Dean is looking up at him, with a look of awe in his face. it's clear by the constant sighs and gasps that escape his lips.
Dean has his eyes cast down still when he feels something cold dripping on his face so he looks up, Castiel's dripping melted ice cream from his fingers. "Open." He shakes his head in defiance and his face is slapped gently once again- Dean moans loudly before opening his mouth.
"Dean, don't be upset." he stays on the line, "You really want me to pretend to break into the house and-rape you? Won't you be scared?" Castiel asks the question like he's considering.
Even though he'll be an adult in a few short months, the fact that he still might not have the freedom to do whatever the hell he wants haunts him since there's two over protective men ruling his life.
"Mhmm-" Dean hums, watching him. The doctor laughs, not knowing what's going on between them. "Tell em' Cas-"
. "Night, Dean-" Castiel softly touches the boys cheek with the back of his fingers since he'd been dying to touch those baby cheeks for a while now.
Jo gasps when the back of her legs touch the edge of the bed, "She's at the bar working late, she should be back any minute now..."
Being home with Bobby all day had been depressing, so he walks up the road to visit Castiel since he should be home by now. He raises his fist to knock on the door before he hears it- the crying. "Cas?" Dean opens the door slowly, walking in. Castiel was on the couch, with his head between his hands- sobbing. Dean swallows because he's never really seen him break like this. "Cas-"
Dean smiles with his eyes still closed. "Me too, Cas-" they kiss again, making out sweetly for a while before pulling away. "About Robin kissin' me, uh-"
"In a minute!" Dean aims his rifle- Bobby finally let him use it again, under strict observation and he kept his promise. Bobby watched him from the porch all day and when he went inside for dinner, he watched from the window. He shoots the last beer bottle and it shattered. Dean wipes his sweaty forehead, aside from the day being overcast it sure was humid. "Coming!" he yells again, shooting a few rounds at a tree. Just for
So Dean gets up and follows after him, a few feet away of course, eventually losing the man until he's suddenly pulled into a small closet. "What are we doing in here-" he huffs, fixing his jacket. "Smells weird- his nose scrunches up before getting pressed against the wall by the older man.
"Maybe we can hang out some time-" Dean says, huffing and puffing as he struggles to keep up with him as they walked.
"Make it real." Dean smiles, "You know..."
had bailed on her for a movie date that night. After all, he couldn't be too nice to her. Girls tend to get the wrong idea and fall in love with him. Just like innocent little
Castiel sniffles and lets his forehead rest on the teens shoulder. "Please stop, I don't know what you remember-"
Dean's knees press together in shyness but the man pushes them apart forcefully. "Cas-" he smiles, no doubt blushing. "We can fuck again tomorrow, okay?"
Dean yells, "Because!" and they both stop walking. "I-I don't want a step mom." it's a damn lie but it was better than saying he was in love with the man.
oozing out of his ass- "Ugh, gross-" he walks like a duck all the way the bathroom. Castiel soon awakens when he hears the shower in the bathroom- while Dean's showering he moves around the hotel room changing the sheets and cleaning up. It's not until almost an hour later he realizes the shower is still running.
"Don't wanna be Dean right now-" Castiel strips off his pants and climbs into the bed, hovering over his love.
Castiel goes inside one final time and looks around, he would never tell Dean but he did shed a few tears. He watched Dean grow up here- it's where they fell in love.
"I'll make you come right here, right now if you really want me to."
Castiel jolts awake roughly, he looks around the dark room and there are no teenage boys in his bed. This time it was just a
"Yeah." He rasped, "Can I?" his fingers sliding under the young man's shirt. Castiel nodded, back arching. Bottom lip caught between his teeth. He gulped, "I don't usually do this."
"Bad week." Castiel huffs and struggles to sit up in bed, he's dizzy from drinking so much when he never really does. "Fuck-" he blinks away the blurriness in his vision. "Can you help me to the bathroom-" he slurs and Dean quickly jumps off the bed and is helping the drunk man all the way to the bathroom so he can take a piss. At least it's what he thinks he's going to do but Castiel ends up getting sick in the sink suddenly and he tries not to look.
Castiel actually yelps in fear and clumsily runs inside the home as fast he can. "Come here, bitch!" he roars playfully. Castiel had made it into the bedroom safely, and he knows this because the door had been closed when he'd left it open before leaving. "I know where you are-" he calls out darkly before he lets himself into the room, closing and locking the door behind him.
kiss you-" now his own lips press against his, softly and guides the kiss the way he wants it to.
"You didn't mention you have a kid-" Castiel blinks, taking a seat on the couch next to John.
Dean sits down by the tree and unwraps his first gift to find a strange stuffed animal. "The fuck is this-" there's humor in his voice and a small smile on his lips.. Apparently it's called Grumpy Cat and his stepfather had gotten it at the Hot Topical for him. "It's Hot Topic, Cas-" he laughs, giving him a side hug as a thank you because it was pretty cute.
"He's fine- over worked himself today." Castiel informs him, they watch the boy eat in silence. Although Bobby won't admit it- he's starting to think maybe something more sinister might be going on.
"Oh yes so happy." Castiel rolled his eyes,"We done role playing angry married couple now? I'm tired, I did so much homework."
Dean can't bare the thought of having to move her, so he digs right where he'd found the animal. Once the hole is deep enough, the shovel is used to roll her over into it, making the most disturbing thud when she hits the bottom of the earth. The teen glances around like he's burying a human being, guilt bubbles up in his gut once more as he uses the shovel to smooth the dirt flat.
tell you."
"You don't know that." he defends himself and he stands up so he can serve his guest the poorly made dinner he had prepared. Instant mashed potatoes and steak.
Castiel nods, knowing her history with an ex who had thrown her around like a rag doll. His name had been Crowley or Fergus something, couldn't remember the last name or if he even had one to begin with. The man was an awful salesman who was involved in multi level marketing- making more money by recruiting people into his scheme rather than actually selling anything- pure evil.
Late in the evening is when the hurricane came thundering down as they slept, the power had gone out as soon as the wind began to roar so they couldn't watch the news for updates even if they had awoken in time. Bobby, Dean and Castiel had been exhausted for obvious reasons- maybe not to each other but privately they knew exactly why they hadn't heard anything through the night.
did the guy have under his wing? Does Castiel want to be his freaking
John shrugs, "I have a question for you." Boy he's a damn good actor because Castiel is none the wiser of the long running game he's about to pull. "Cas, I know you don't know me very well-" he reaches for the cheap bottle of wine and fills both of their glasses. "-I'm not perfect." they make eye contact.
Castiel wipes his eyes quickly with the sleeve of his sweater before rushing out of the house. Bobby's eyes follow the mans movements, until he's completely gone from view. Dean starts crying, hands covering his face and he's got no other choice but to pull him in for a big hug.
Sam. Dean’s brother.
Dean nods weakly, "Yes...and kay." His eye's almost bug out of his head when Castiel spreads his legs open and lifts him up a bit and now he's almost bent in half. "Ugh, Cas-"
I wish it was the three of us, all the time. Cas never stays with us longer than a day. The truth is, I'm dying inside...because I don't think Cas and I have ever spent an entire day together. I used to be able to hide how much it hurts that Cas takes off on us...on
"Around five." Dean's eyes are glued to the weather girl.
Dean's trying to scratch underneath his cast, too distracted to notice the man's eyes are on him. He looks up, "It itches, Castiel-"
"How did you meet?"
Castiel rubbed at Dean's thigh, "Your place?"
Derek laughs, "Just moved up the road actually, about a mile away from here-" Dean chokes on his spit, coughing up into his hand and tries his best to conceal it. "I grew up in California, Beacon Hills actually-" they walk up to the back screen door to let themselves in. "-I was driving into town to get stuff for my house when my car died on me." he elbows the teen in the arm playfully. "Thanks for that-"
anything else. His knees were still spread open as far as they could go and held up for easy access.
He manages to say "I-Ugh-" before he comes all over Castiel, he'd respond but his stomach and thighs are twitching and he's exhausted. He's lost any stamina he had before. "Fuck-" he sighs, totally spent against his step father. "I love you."
Castiel starts the car, "Don't act like you don't like it."
He sat down at the bar, facing the man in the tan coat. Not knowing why he cared to get a view of him at all.
The butterflies in his stomach are eating him alive as he paces around the candle lit space and suddenly the burgundy dress shirt he threw on purposefully for the occasion seems like a bad idea because he's clearly sweating right through it.
Dean being the teenager he is and not being experienced, begins to pound into the older man like a jackrabbit. All of his thrusts are uncoordinated but it doesn't matter, Castiel is still enjoying what he's being given. "You're doing so good-keep going"
"What-" he snaps when he can't take it anymore.
"You don't know how to do the fade I like-" he protests and his uncle tells him to get the hell out of there. "Be back soon!" he calls back, rushing through the screen door. When he reaches the fence he sees that Castiel is there since his car was parked out front. "Cas!" he stomps up the steps and tries the door, it was locked. "Cas!" he bangs on the door. "I know you're in there-"
"You're a fucking mess-" Castiel caresses the boys face roughly, cleaning him up slightly with his hand as he does so. "Bad kitten."
"Yeah-" he laughs nervously. "Maybe you shouldn't have-" they don't resume their make out session, instead he helps John wash his back before they head to bed.
The teen crosses his arms at his chest and follows him around with the all too famous bitch face, "Are you sure you didn't?" the man turns around and simply gives him a goodbye kiss. "I hate you-" the words sound so defeated coming from him right then.
After a few years of not updating this story, I finally decided to just give them all a happy ending. Hope you enjoy x
"Don't tell me you're still mad about-"
Castiel sighs, "Dean, I'm sorry he said that. But is that really a reason to come over here in hysterics?" the look on the teens face has him instantly regretting saying that in his overly fragile state. "I mean-"
Castiel smiles, "I'll save you some dinner." Bobby nods and heads out for the day. Now Castiel looks at him, "Sit." and he does, painfully. "Here baby." he's given a plate of food.
"He can do that?"
"But it's late-" it wasn't
Castiel laughs into his hand, "Sorry-" John bites his tongue painfully, if he had no self control at all he would have slammed the doctors head against the table. "You're not gay."
Castiel quickly answers the call, "Dean-" he sighs in relief. "-where the hell are you baby?" he whispers into the phone. His guess is that maybe he's at the hospital working or maybe with his uncle. "Baby?"
"C'mere..." he reaches up, grabbing at Castiel's shirt, pulling him down, until he's on top of him. Castiel starts breathing heavier, they both do.
Blue eyes still watch him and he's stroking himself in the corner, watching.
Dean flinches, "I guess-"
Castiel did manage to get a glimpse of his throat, "You're fine-" smiles. "How about some ice cream?" of course he had to mention the promised treat.
Dean hiccups before answering with the God honest truth. "She kissed me-" another hiccup. "On my cheek-" and the man nods with no intention of doing that right then. "Can you do it-" he had to fucking ask for it, didn't he.
"Well then-" she holds onto his hand, "I'm coming over every day then-"
to you."
The following night Castiel saw Him again, Dark gray suit with a dark green tie to match the eyes along with dark brown leather shoes. Loafers? Oxfords?
Castiel lets himself fall on the bed, on his stomach. "Long day." his eyes drift shut. "I missed you."
"I remember." Dean swallows. "It was fun when we role played- kinda wanna do that again."
"God, you're so fucking cute baby-" Castiel leans in, kissing Dean's neck softly until he feels he's ready for it.
He pulls Dean's pants up for him as he stands, "You're so cute when I suck your dick." and that comment earns him another punch. They're making their way back to the house when the back screen door opens, Bobby pokes his head out.
Castiel straightens up enough to get some room between them, enough to pull off the teens boxers. "Are you comfortable?" his hands hook behind his knees and push until he's bent in half, only then down he lean forward. "This okay?"
"Of course." Castiel smiles. Anything for
Castiel feels the teens heavy boot pressing down between his legs from underneath the table. "You know I do-" the words are almost silent, his eyes rolling back in his head. "Dean, stop-"
Every now and then he looks over his should to see that he in fact was being followed by his stepfather. The man looked so eager to dick him down, it was priceless.
"I can but you should take him. He needs his father."
"Yeah it only put a tree through my window and tossed my car a few dozen feet."
Now that my life is basically over as a hunter, I have no idea what to do with myself. Cas is the one good thing that's come out of this whole thing, aside from the many friends we've made as hunters. Sadly, we lost as many as we made too. I still carry the guilt of going to ask Sammy for help at college, I should have left him there. Jess would still be alive. Maybe dad would've come home eventually or maybe not. Maybe he still woulda gotten himself killed but...maybe we could have just
"You're kinda cute-" he takes a long drag of his cigarette before saying,"I want you to shave next time-" then exhales the menthol scented smoke into the brightly lit room. There's a moment of awkwardness, "I just want to feel you better-" and that was a lie.
