Dean led all the initiates down a new corridor of the Dauntless compound. The room he brought them to was all white, much brighter than their usual surroundings. There were chairs lined on either side of the room and a door at each end. Dean told them to take a seat.
Dean came in a few minutes for the rest. He found Cas standing beside a punching back, staring at it with a furrowed brow.
Cas smiled brightly and leaned in closer. He rested his head against Dean’s chest and felt him press a kiss into the top of his head. He sighed, content. “Everyone.”
The boy was singing along to the radio and he smiled when he saw Castiel, but he kept singing. Castiel climbed across the stationary cart to get to the other side of the deck. He turned down his music.
“I didn’t know your kids were choosing today,” Meta said, smiling over at Castiel and Jimmy. “You have a big decision to make.”
The boy only hesitated a moment, and then he swung. Dean dodged his fist easily, grabbed his arm, and tugged so Uriel was left staring at the mat. He grimaced in Dean’s hold.
“Everybody ready?” The passengers cheered. “Are you really ready?” Another cheer. “All right, then. Wave bye to Cas.”
Dean was on Cas before the door even shut. He kissed the angel everywhere he could reach and tugged at his clothes, a question, a plea.
“Heya, Cas.” His voice was quiet. “I just didn’t feel like going inside yet. Long day, you know? Where’ve you been?”
“You did it,” Dean whispered, moving toward him. They kissed. Dean moved to take Cas’s shirt off, but Cas stopped him.
But when it came time the next day to rank scores, Cas stood eagerly beside Charlie. He was ranked nineteen, just above a Dauntless-born named Ruby. He was in the clear for the first time since training began. He breathed in relief. It took him a minute to notice that Charlie had gone stiff by his side.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and moved toward the door. He kicked it down, so as not to burn his hand. He turned and there was a window down the hall. He ran toward it, staying low. The glass shattered as they ran through it. The heat was gone in an instant.
Cas used his one free hand to make air quotes, not wanting to let Dean go. It would have made Dean smile if he weren’t so confused.
“Can you,” he mumbled. He stared resolutely at his hands clenched tightly in his lap. “I mean, why don’t you ever look at me when…”
Dean laughed at Castiel’s blush as the cart pulled away. He met his eye and Dean shrugged. The next passengers were already filing into their seats by the time they turned away. Castiel hurried to help them.
Cas sighed and made a move for Dean again. This time he didn’t stop him. Cas wrapped his arm around Dean’s middle.
“We aren’t going to attack you, Castiel.” He tried to release the tension in his shoulders. Mary turned to her son. “We’ve known this was coming a long time.”
The waitress laughed, completely at ease, and handed them their menus. “Well, good luck with that. Anyway, I’m Charlie and I’ll be taking care of you. Let me know when you’re ready to order.”
He went in early with the three other new-hires, Anna, Sam, and Meg, to get their assignments and the dark green t-shirt with the word staff written in bold letters across the back. .
Cas was surprised when Dean took him to his own room, but he was glad for it. Dean steered him toward the bed and then went to rifle through his drawers.
Besides, Cas was one of the few people Dean could stand to keep around for long periods of time. This had to be about the girl.
Castiel was only slightly better at the guns. As he got used to the initial shock of the kickback, he improved rapidly. He was a little sad they only spent one day on that so far. He liked the feel of the metal in his hand. The strength behind guns wasn’t from muscle, but from sturdiness and Cas may have been small but he wasn’t fragile.
“Sex is pleasant in its own way. I do find it enjoyable. I desire the closeness. I like being near you.”
He followed Dean’s eyes when they flicked to his parents. He gulped, audibly, and Mary laughed kindly at his discomfort.
When he met the angel’s eyes, for a moment he thought he could see his own desperation mirrored back at him. But then Cas just glared.
He was walking through the corridor when something hit him hard in the back of the head. He fell to his knees and then he felt someone pull a rough bag over his head. He squirmed and tried to kick but several arms were holding him still, murmuring to each other. They hefted him back to his feet easily and pushed him forward.
He stood up and walked numbly toward the back hall. A blonde woman stared impassively at him. She was dressed in black and covered in tattoos. Castiel couldn’t help but stare. She led him into a small room with a padded chair on one side and a big machine attached to a computer on the other. Every wall was made of mirrors. The different viewpoints of his reflection were distracting. He tried to look away, but only saw a different version of himself. He averted his eyes to the ground.
He felt a little better as he neared the front entrance. He could just make out Cas’s form in the darkness, waiting by the main sign.
Dean shrugged. A slow smile spread across his face and Cas smiled back unabashedly. Dean pushed himself off the wall and started walking toward his room. Cas fell into step beside him. Their hands brushed as they moved and when they stood side by side in the elevator.
Sam came barreling into the staff locker room at half-past seven. He sat on the bench and watched while Dean checked himself over in the mirror again, adjusting his leather jacket over his button-down shirt.
Dean scratched the back of his neck. “You’re small, but you’re fast. If you get the first hit in and aim right, you could get the advantage. I could…help you more if you want.”
A step it took them a hell of a long time to take. Dean only grumbled a little bit about the chick-flick-moment aftermath, when they actually had to talk about things and figure out what it meant and all that. It made Dean cringe and it was a waste of kissing time if he was being completely honest. They had promised to be honest to each other at least - no more lies.
Cas watched him flip the patties, but he didn’t respond until Dean looked up at him and they were in another one of their little staring matches. Cas’s mouth quirked up in a half-smile. “I have no doubt about that.”
Cas excused himself from dinner soon after that. He found Dean in the main corridor, leaning against the wall like it was natural to stand in the middle of the complex doing nothing.
Cas watched his fellow initiates go into the room somberly and come out utterly broken. Dorothy was in tears when she ran outside and Charlie hugged her tightly for a moment, before it was her own turn to go in. Dorothy fled back to the dormitory and everyone was silent. Even the Dauntless-born weren’t teasing for once. They were cautious, too.
Hours later Zach gathered everyone together at the center gym mat. “We’re going to put your training to the test, one-on-one, each week. You’ll be scored on this so fight hard.”
He shrugged. He was hoping it would just blow over, but by the end of the day everyone had heard about Cas’s impressive time. He had beaten everyone’s time by half, at least. He wilted under the attention.
“Am I supposed to thank you?” Cas whispered heatedly. He shook his head and walked away quickly. He met up with the others in the dormitory. They were all waiting for him and Cas felt a little uncomfortable under their scrutiny.
At least he knew where the roller coaster was. He had memorized the map. As he approached he could see an empty cart already running. Then when he was closer he could hear loud music playing up on the deck. He walked up the ramp and the operator table came into view, then the green staff t-shirt over broad shoulders, and a tan freckled face with bright green eyes.
“You know,” Balth said. “Statistically, you should have hit the target at least once by now, just by accident.”
They walked in silence through the parking lot. There weren’t many cars left so late at night. Dean almost tripped over himself trying to cross in front of Cas and reach the passenger side before him. He opened the door awkwardly. Cas just smiled, bemused, and let himself be ushered into the car.
He didn’t see Dean at dinner that night until the end, when he and Zach stood by while the Dauntless leader congratulated the accepted initiates. Then, before they dismissed everyone, they were told everyone was getting tracking devices inserted, for security purposes.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. It was the most reserved Castiel had seen him all day. He swayed closer.
“You love me, huh?” Dean was breathless. The whole moment felt surreal, but he wanted it so badly. He didn’t even consider pulling out the blade and salt. If Cas was a demon right now, Dean would gladly die finally hearing those words. Besides, a tiny optimistic corner of his brain that remained told him this was real, and he believed it. No demon could look at him with eyes that full of love.
“Don’t worry,” Jo said. “That’s the security system. Someone must have tripped it. Let’s go see what’s going on.”
Dean stood in the open door with a similarly grim expression. He was all business as he closed the door and had Castiel sit down on a chair that looked very similar to the testing one used to choose a faction. Dean hooked the wires up to his temples and wrists. He pulled a syringe from the top drawer of the computer desk.
“I know something is wrong,” he insisted. “I just don’t know why you won’t tell me. Don’t we confide in each other?”
Everything was over pretty fast after that and it was the most perfect and intense moment of Dean’s life. He wanted it again and again. But the second time, he decided he wanted it a little slower.
Cas kissed him behind the ear, soothing. “What did I just tell you? I want you, Dean. I’m not sure how to explain. I believe humans call it cupiosexual. I do not experience physical attraction, towards you or anyone.”
Balth smiled at him, mouth closed. Cas could barely feel his legs as he shuffled forward. The boys turned to one another, arms up the way Dean had taught them. Cas felt his knees start to quake below him, and then the blonde boy was stepping forward. Cas fell back a step, and then another. Balth followed after him, constantly prepared to strike.
Dean was nervous, like really nervous. It wasn’t a comfortable feeling for him. Usually he was calm, easy-going. But this morning he had packed four extra shirts in his bag, just in case, and now he kept running his fingers through his hair and messing up the gel. He was terrible at dating.
Jimmy nudged Castiel forward, as their line proceeded calmly into the building and took their seats at the long wooden tables.
They had both been a little distracted the first time. After a close-call on a hunt, Dean had all but dragged Cas back to the motel room.
Cas nodded. Dean turned slightly and pulled his shirt off, revealing the wide expanse of his back to Cas’s gaze.
Of course, the whole time, Dean was distracted from his brothers conversation by thoughts of Cas. Who was the girl? Why hadn’t Cas told him he was seeing someone? Why didn’t Dean know who she was? They were supposed to be best friends.
The room came back into view around him. Castiel’s eyelids fluttered and suddenly Jo was there, standing over him. She helped him sit up.
Maybe Cas was being paranoid, but Dean seemed to be avoiding him. In the mornings when Cas had gone early to train, there had been no sign of him.  His scores had been improving, but he still wasn’t great at hand-to-hand. But he lasted a lot longer now. Dean probably thought he didn’t need help anymore. The thought left Cas feeling a little empty.
Lisa, his brain supplied. Castiel had the feeling that he did know her, but that telling the man would put her in danger. He considered it for a moment, and then shook his head.
Castiel gave a look the brothers lovingly referred to as his smiting face. Sam chuckled, slightly uncomfortable. “I don’t need him, Sam. Why does he not see that?”
He shuffled forward. Dean backed up until they were both standing on the large gym mat. Dean beckoned him with both hands. “Okay, now set your feet. Good. Now hit me.”
“You’re really not going to tell me how you knew to do all this?” Cas asked. He was sitting on one of the counters, kicking his feet. Dean thought he looked more at ease.
Cas felt his blood run cold. Without thinking, his panicked eyes immediately snapped up to Dean. The trainer frowned. He met Cas at the side of the mat and grabbed his arm, pulling him back a step to whisper in his ear.
“Don’t mind my buddy over there,” Dean said into the microphone to another group. “He frowns like that at everyone. It’s for our own good, really. He’s too gorgeous, if he smiled we might all implode.”
Dean watched Cas’s lips move, watched them form the nicest things he’d ever heard. He wanted to keep hearing them forever but in his desperation, he surged forward and kissed Cas mid-sentence. And he felt all Cas’s words echoed onto his skin.
“Wait, Cas,” Dean warned him, but Cas had already opened the door. Everyone looked up at him, going silent. Dean stepped behind him with a sigh so quiet no one else could hear it. “Gabriel, you’re next.”
Dean didn’t know what he’d been expecting. He saw blue, and it was the most beautiful thing Dean thought he’d ever seen. But the hunger he had been expecting to see mirrored back at him, wasn’t there. There was love, sure, but that was how Cas always looked at him.
Dean had a balcony that overlooked the southern half of the complex. In the dark the orange lights illuminated like stars. The cool air was a refreshing change from being underground all day long and the wind tousled his hair. Cas breathed deeply.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean laughed. “Awesome. Well, I’m just doing test runs now. The park opens in half an hour. I really wasn’t expecting you this early.”
Sam shot questioning looks at both of them the whole tense car ride home. The only answer he received to the myriad of unasked questions was a slammed door in his face.
“An innocent. I have to kill her.” He raised the gun. “But I can never do it unless I look away.” And then he did.
He left the room slowly. He could feel Dean’s eyes on his back the entire time. Cas went to the market before going back to the dormitory or going to breakfast. He knew it was early, but he was hoping the tattoo parlor would be open.
Erudite, Candor, and Amity would clap politely for any who chose them, even the ones born into them. Abnegation remained silence. Dauntless cheered incorrigibly.
As Dean started the car, Cas fidgeted a bit in his seat. Dean could see out of the corner of his eyes how he played with his fingers and then pressed his hands tightly against the seat, grabbing onto the edge. He must have been nervous, too.
Dean barely refrained from glaring up at her. She shrugged when he didn’t answer her at first, eyes wide. She put her hands up in surrender. “Okay, jeez, sorry I asked. That whole serial-killer face you got going on is super creepy.”
After Bobby left them alone, Sam took Castiel’s paper from his hands and laughed. “You’re stuck with my brother. Good luck, man.”
The five factions were divided into separate lines outside the testing center in the middle of the city. Abnegation – Castiel’s faction – stood in a straight line, all dressed in grey. They were the selfless ones. Candor – the honest ones. Erudite – the intelligent. Amity – the peaceful and kind. Every sixteen-year-old from every faction took the aptitude test on the same day to see where they fit. As nervous as Castiel was about it, he was relieved that there was a concrete way to find out who he was.
“Yes, Dean,” he said, walking toward the counter. He yawned and rested his hip against a steel pole.
Dean nodded, twirling their hands together and leading Cas upstairs. “So do you want to break the news to Red or should I?”
He was almost relieved when the lights when down. Five bowls were brought out to the table on the stage below. Each one held something different – soil for Amity, glass shards for Candor, water for Erudite, grey stone for Abnegation, and coals for Dauntless. Just as the prior day for testing, each person was called up one by one. Everyone would watch as they made a small cut on their palm and bled into the bowl of their chosen faction. Some people switched factions, most stayed the same.
Dean laughed. “And because you frown like it’s nobody’s business and still look adorable. Plus you don’t make fun of me when I sing the stupid pop songs.”
“I know,” Cas smiled lightly. “I wouldn’t want you to give it up. You save people. It’s who you are, and it’s why I love you.”
Dean stood up, too. “I guess I’ll go pack the car.” He took Sam’s bag. “Be back in a bit.” He said the last part to Castiel. He didn’t want to leave him, he really didn’t.
Out of all the things he expected, having the omega's mouth drop and his eyes to widen was nowhere on that list. Dean on his part was quick to regain himself, to an extent and close his mouth as he watched Castiel shuffle behind Gabriel. Dean threw the older brother a glance before he refocused on the alpha.
Releasing the omega's neck, he licked the wound and made sure Dean was okay, that the bite didn't hurt much and that he didn't cause him pain in any other way. Dean smiled up at him, dazed and satiated and happy and beckoned him into a kiss.
Just as he was about to take Castiel's hand, he lost focus for a second and all of the sudden the water above his mouth, then nose, then eyes... Strong hands reached for him and pulled him out and he breathed and blinked and opened and closed his mouth a few times like a damn fish on dry land. When the world came into focus again, and mind you, this was all under a minute, all Dean got was those bright eyes filled with worry staring at him.
Castiel was usually so adorably shy, and when his rut hit, he kind of opened up, his inner alpha overpowering him, but now he seemed to be back to that previous state, and oh! Could it be? Dean cupped his cheek, running his thumb over it and made the alpha lift his gaze. "Hi there." Dean said and oh, my, God! that adorable blush flooded the alpha's face in a second.
The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea of being in control of the situation. Castiel got to decide when they kiss and when they don't. When they touch and when they don't. It was a powerful feeling.
But of course it wasn't about the alpha mark, it was what it represented. It meant that Sam wasn't taken away from his family and wasn't tortured and beaten, drugged and psychologically manipulated into being submissive. No way Dean would have let that happen.
Minutes later, Sam's knot swelled down and Gabriel slid off, making a face at the mess that he left, but secretly loving it all. He excused himself to go wash up while Sam redressed and went on to make him the sweet cheese omelette. As they ate, the silence that befell them was deafening, until a tiny cracking sound made Gabriel pause mid bite. He rummaged through his mouth with his tongue and eventually fished out a very small piece of eggshell. Lifting it up, he glanced at Sam and saw the alpha blushing like crazy.
That evening there was a knock on Abraxas's door, a simple knock and he opened the door as he laughed back at his brother's comment about a slutty club dancer, who has 'learned his place and will forever remember their little pow-wow.'. Seeing the man who dragged him out of his car in the middle of the street, a man Abraxas now knew was Dean's new sponsor, had him going paler then a white rag. And as Castiel simply stated down at him with Benny and Balthazar by his side, he watched in complete discuss as the man before him pissed his pants as if that would make Castiel feel sorry for him or something.
Those lips huffed another gentle smile before lowering just a tiny bit and placing the softest kiss right under his ear. He sucked in a shuddering breath, completely falling apart. One hand resumed its movement on his chest in a soothing manner, while those lips parted his skin only to come back an inch lower.
It would be so easy, to slide those hands down the omega's chest, down to his crotch, take that little wiener and stroke it slowly with every roll of his hips. That would be just divine, to see Dean slowly getting closer and closer to his climax and then erupting all over the alpha's hand and his stomach. Oh, that would be a glorious sight.
It was awkward, to say the least, the tension palpable between them as they changed and laid down, Dean facing away from Cas and Cas uncertain if he should embrace him or just lie on his back.
"How about you let me feel that magnificent dipstick of yours and I'll let you caress me all you want after?" Crap, he should be demanding, not asking, but all these feather touches are messing with his inner omega and making it a lot more whiney then Gabriel would like. Still, the words got the job done, because in one moment Sam was fondling his ass, in the next he was positioning himself behind Gabriel and sinking in like he belonged there.
So he leaned in again, his kiss slightly more heated and urgent and Dean kissed back just the same. The moment their tongues met, sliding next to one another, Castiel felt a powerful jolt of arousal crash upon him and he gasped, taking in too much air and he wavered, nearly fainting.
"I would kill for a sweet cheese omelette. But anything you make is fine. I can help. I can chop pretty well, and have been know to crack eggs without leaving the shells in." Gabriel said and Sam laughed, the sound echoing through the kitchen and the living room, filling the omega with such warmth.
But the more he walked the more he felt this strange sensation in his abdomen that slowly turned into a full ache before intensifying to full blown pain that spread widely to his back too. By the time he reached the estate and was gulping down breaths, almost choking on them, barely standing.
Saturday evening was going swell, Dean managing to set his hand on top of Castiel's and not having the alpha shy away from his touch when the militia sirens sounded. That awful branch of the law enforcement seeking and taking down rogue alphas, and lately even some crazed omegas. Dean encountered them before. As a place that welcomed alphas they were targeted more then a few times, but their commander could never find anything on them and it pissed him off.
He called Charlie and gave her a not-so-enthusiastic update, not because the work itself wasn't fulfilling, but because he wanted to see those blue eyes again.
He dared a curious glance at the omega and his lips tugged into a smile he tried hard to hide, because Dean just stood there, stuttering and trying to figure out either something to say or something to do with his hands. He did say he had some work to do in he yard, but the place was already mowed and trimmed and all the tools put away, so there wasn't really much to do. Still, not wanting to look ridiculous, Dean picked up a rake and started gathering a few stray leaves.
"Sssam... My... Knees... Are screaming at me... Would you mind... Helping me out?" He asked and he could almost feel the alpha's heart skipping a beat at the request before Sam's hand caressed up to Gabriel's hips, gripped them and started moving the omega's body up and down, helping him as he asked...
"Well, I guess I will go hunting for that cherry pie tommorow then." He offered and Dean's eyes snapped back at him in surprise, but then he smiled widely, and Castiel just knew right there and then - there was nothing he wouldn't do just for a chance to see that smile again.
"He... He came back yesterday. Tried to apologize and said some mumble jumble about how he ate food someone else could have eaten, I don't know. He seemed really distraught and honestly? He creeped me out. But then he spoke about redeeming himself and hoping to help, and... Well, you know I don't turn away anyone willing to help..."
"..." Some inaudible sounds left his mouth before Dean cleared his throat and tried again "Can you... Can you hold me?" Castiel's lips widened in a wide smile as he nodded and Dean turned around, and snuggled against the man, becoming the little spoon. Castiel wrapped his arms around him and planted a small kiss on the back of his neck, making Dean shiver and a blush spread over his neck probably reaching his cheeks once again. Castiel huffed a smile and pulled Dean even closer, holding him tight. Dean's hand reached to lay across Castiel's, brushing his thumb over it's top and sighing in what seemed like content.
Dean felt asleep on that couch, his mind filled with thoughts of Castiel and how he had wronged him. The look on the man's face when he saw Dean all shaved and clean, the hurt in those big blue eyes, it haunted his dreams, making him wake up five times during the night, but still refused to go to his room. In the morning he woke up cold, muscles stiff and looked just a miserable as he felt.
Soon enough he was on his way to see Sam. Not much has changed since his last visit, so when he got there, he sat and started reading
"You know you can tell me anything, right? If... If there is something bothering you. I'll listen and try to help. You know that, right?"
"You... You are? Mmm... Mine?" Castiel hiccupped, hope clearing some of the red in his eyes, making the blue so vibrant. Dean sucked in a breath, coming closer to the couch.
For the first few minutes, they battled over the gummy bear, but soon enough it turned into something a bit more serious, a bit more passionate and none of them knew where that bear went, none of them cared, because they were kissing, devouring one another as the arousal between them built. Dean could feel Castiel's shaky hands trying to reach for him, but stopping, unsure. Since Castiel was almost on top of him, it gave him a perfect opportunity to push himself up, coming closer and take Castiel's hand to set it on his chest. He could feel the man relaxing into the kiss as if Dean's heartbeat soothed him. He parted Dean's lips and dared to move onto his neck, getting an earful of Dean's rugged breaths. Castiel hummed when Dean too found courage to reach and trace his hands over Castiel's arms, caressing his biceps for a moment before going around and feeling out his back.
Second thing ne noticed, when he finally remembered to open his eyes, was the dim light coming from the TV were it was stuck on the overview page of the the R.E.D. movie, and utter darkness everywhere else. He must be on the couch.
Dean glanced up at those wide blue eyes and saw Castiel chest heaving from the deep breaths. His tongue darted out, moisting the lower lip and feeling his heart beat a thousand a minute, he finally took his chance and gave voice to his desire.
hurt him, they did it with a vicious smile on their faces. They enjoyed hurting him. But Dean... He seemed hurt by Castiel's words, as if he had no idea that what he did was wrong. Maybe he didn't. Maybe he thought he and Cas could be friends. Maybe Castiel would have liked that...
"Well, I am starving, how about you?" Dean asked, figuring that maybe there would be time for them to eat those snacks Gabriel brought or maybe even make a few sandwiches. They ended up eating PB&Js while waiting for a pizza delivery. Dean sat in Castiel's lap the entire time, just kissing and touching and his inner omega was so soothed that after they ate the pizza in the living room, Dean actually dozed off while watching TV.
The alpha started at his neck and worked his way down, his hands more massaging then caressing and everywhere they went, the itch Gabriel felt was fading away, leaving nothing but pleasant tingles along the way. There was absolutely nothing sexual about this shower, just sensual and elevating as those kind hands knead all the muscles and those thick fingers pressed against his skin. When Sam's hands found themselves tangled in Gabriel's hair, fingers circling and rubbing in the shampoo, that was when Gabriel found himself on cloud nine, floating freely and blissfully.
Staring somewhere in the distance, he unknowingly licked his lips, his subconscious wishing to taste those lips again. He breathed in and out as the kiss became vivid in his mind and his hand shot up to his own mouth, fingertips brushing over his lower lip. It was so soft, so gentle and so strong at the same time. The way Mr. Novak's lips moved against his, the way his tongue would brush over, asking, not demanding entrance, the way he tasted of mint and maybe a hint of chocolate. The way their tongues danced around each other, the way Mr. Novak pulled Dean's lower lip between his teeth, pulling and sucking slightly, not biting down.
"Yes, please." Dean said before Castiel even finished pronouncing that last T, and the man smiled, slightly blushing. He rose up and laid next to Dean to give him another amazing kiss.
"I... Um... I don't know..." Dean's mind was cussing at him for being so stupid. Of course he knew, he knew all the places in this city... There was that park with swans and duck and turtles, there was that long boardwalk by the river, there was the awesome fortress across the wide river.
Castiel's knot popped. Dean actually didn't think that was possible, not with an alpha's cock deep inside an omega, but there his alpha was, coming down from his high, his rut satiated and his breathing slowly calming down. But shit, Dean was still pretty hard and in desperate need to cum, it almost hurt.
Castiel closed his eyes and simply relished the feel of Dean's fingers as they brushed over his skin, the feel of his lips as they traveled lower and he gasped when those lips ghosted over a nipple, sticking the tongue out and wetting it before blowing air to it. Thousands of ants prickled all over his skin as Dean took that nipple in his mouth, and used his tongue to play with it, while his hand gripped Castiel's hip to steady him.
"I'll have the hotel call you a cab, it will be waiting for you downstairs. And Dean? Thank you, really." Castiel belauted and he sounded like e had a big wide smile on his face and it warmed Dean up to hear it. He could do this, yeah. He will do this, and be useful and see Castiel and that alone was enough to get him going. Within a few minutes, he was stepping out of the hotel and into a cab with the briefcase in his hand, smiling widely. Maybe Castiel will invite him for a breakfast considering he didn't have time to get any, and then he would leave him to work and go see Sammy like he did everyday this past week and then he would meet with Castiel later again and... Life was good.
"Ssshhh... I got you. I got you." It seemed to calm him just enough to take a deep breath, finally letting enough air into his body to start thinking a bit more clearly, panting and chest heaving. A hand slipped to ease his breathing and he felt so ashamed for getting this worked up. The lips and hands waited for him to get his bearings patiently and it struck him with such unbelievable gratification that someone would do that for him, to be so forbearing and to let him set the pace.
"She was here. Smiled at me, checked Sam's vitals, then Dean's, written them down in their chats and walked away." Benny reported and Castiel sighed thinking she was most definitely headed to the good doctor to tell him about an extra patient in Samuel Winchester's room. Okay, that meant he would have to confront the bastard sooner rather then later. And all he wanted was to focus on Dean right now.
"The land beyond is also part of the estate, leading all the way up to the river. It is a nature reserve of a sorts." He said with a spark of pride in it. Castiel beamed up at that, but kept his eyes away from meeting Dean's, his head bowed and shy. Still, Dean could see a small smile tug his lips and smiled himself, delighted. Gabriel just shrugged. He would have thought their ancestors would turn it into a arable land, but he didn't care enough to question it further.
Dean spent the whole day, trailing after Alfie and doing whatever the kid told him to. Together they started making preparations for the late lunch for the shelter, surprising Balthazar who got held up. Meg came in late and didn't do much but stare silently at Dean. Sure she helped when someone asked her about supplies, but she would always roll her eyes and make people around her uncomfortable, so Dean pitched in when Balthazar took over the lunch.
"Chief..." He tried to reach him, bit Castiel was ready to tear open some sculls, and Benny wasn't sure if he could even reach him.
"Didn't your parents teach you the difference between public and closed doors? Now, I understand having urges, I felt them with my Alfred, even more so when I was young and in love, but I knew better than to allow him to get all handsy on me. In public."
"Yeah... So beautiful..." Castiel's voice came out a bit more deeper, a bit more raspy, and a bit more breathless.
"Mmore... Moove... Please..." Dean moaned and God! how good it felt to hear that plea, to know Dean wanted more of him, in each and every way. He let his eager cock slowly slip out and he immediately pushed back in, setting a slow, torturous pace that had Dean whining and sweat breaking over both of them. He moved, gentle and caring, each long-drawn-out thrust lifting them both up to those incredible heights and by God! it has never felt like this for either of them. Castiel wanted to maintain these leisurely motions because not only was this building up to be the best intercourse he has ever had, but because he was, with each thrust, becoming more assured that this is what it felt like to 'make love' to somebody.
Castiel's breath hitched as Dean leaned in, his soft lips gently pressing against Castiel's cheek as they altered between sucking the chocolate off and parting to let the tongue slip out to lick the liquid off. His breathing picked up as Dean followed the flow of the dripping chocolate over his jawline and down his neck, gasping loudly for air when Dean's lips found that sweet spot in the juncture between his neck and his collar bone and started sucking down on it.
But then he thought he heard something, a noise, and he slowly and curiously walked towards the dining area. There, much to his bewilderment, he found Dean slowly and quietly setting the table, carefully trying to place everything where it belonged. He watched him trying to figure out if he set the fork and knife in the right place, then positioning the glasses and looking back at his meticulous work, his brows creasing as he was trying to see if he did good.
"Pp... Please." He found his voice, nothing but a broken whisper and it was like the breath paused before he heard a voice, a whisper right into his ear.
Planting a small kiss on the top of his head, Dean continued to stroke his hair, feeling warm and fuzzy with Cas sound asleep in his arms. It felt good. It felt right. And with those thoughts in mind, Dean dozed off.
Days later, Gabriel was somewhat back to normal and working again, refusing to talk to Dean about the whole episode. Castiel was left in their apartment at his own device and Dean couldn't handle that anymore. Since the alpha hadn't shied away from him that night, Dean hoped he could try and talk to him, set things straight and if nothing else keep him company and break his loneliness. But when he opened his door to go downstairs, he did not expect to find Castiel right out side.
"I saw him that night I woke up. I know it was him, saw him from a far a few times, heard his voice. He was always so reluctant to enter the room, throwing you glances as if to ask if you would be ok for him to come in and introduce himself. But you were always busy looking at me to notice. So he never did." Sam said in a sad tone. Dean opened his mouth to say something in his or Castiel's defense, bit nothing actually came to mind. It was true, he was too focused on Sam and too scared of deepening what he had with Castiel that... Oh, God, he didn't push him away completely, right?
He still remembered how adorable he was, yelling in anger at his brother. Dean wasn't sure what that was really about, he only caught the end of the conversation, but if he had to guess, he would say it was because his brother wanted Cas to get out more. Be more open to meeting new people maybe, stuff like that.
Dean came in his room and stared down at the bottle in his hands. Azazel had no idea they didn't actually have sex. Should he have told him? Why didn't Castiel? No, Azazel would loose it if he knew. So much so he might... No... No... He might order... Tell Dean not to go see him. No... No... Dean couldn't... No, that... That shouldn't happen, that can't happen. He can't... He can't stop seeing Castiel, he just can't.
"Yeah... A girl. Claire. She's hot. I mean... No... She... She is one of the popular girls, but she isn't... She isn't mean like the rest... And I... I dunno. I like her." Alfie fessed up too easily.
"That good, huh?" Dean's tone was light and just on the good side of teasing, so Castiel opened his eyes, looking shyly over at the smiling man and nodding. "Awesome! I got three dishes, each serving around 30 people, so that should have us covered, right?"
The more Dean's hands moved, the more his confidence grew and Castiel could see that his erection is still very much present. As Dean's soft hands glided over his biceps and upper body, Castiel couldn't help but melt a bit into it all, closing his eyes and just letting himself get lost in the feel of Dean's touch. Dean nudged him just a bit and dazed, Castiel turned around while Dean worked on his back, his magic fingers massaging over each muscle. Reaching the lower back, Dean paused and Castiel waited to see what he would do. Dean's hands left his body, but he could feel them ghost over his ass, and he moved back on purpose, grinding down on them, making Dean gasp, but astoundingly, he regained fast and started gently rubbing and massaging, occasionally squeezing those perfect round cheeks.
He should be happy that he escaped being Alistair's chew toy for the night, but hearing that Mr. Novak wanted HIM, all he could think about were the man's soft minty flavored lips on Dean's, his soft hands tracing over Dean's skin, those memorizing blue eyes focused on him, sending pleasant chills down Dean's spine. It was strange for Dean to feel like this, he never did, especially not for a man, but he was too lost in his fantasy to even notice he had a growing interest in a client. One can only hope his dreams don't come crashing down on him.
It was nice, to be around these people and to let himself forget about his own troubles and to forget to worry about what tomorrow might bring.
The heavy body rolled off of him, and his inner omega wailed at the loss of its heat, and in a way Gabriel did too. Especially when he the colder air hit his slick drenched pijama pants. Ugh, that was disgusting. He remembered how it felt when Dean did this, but he didn't remember there being so much of it. Must be cause of his heat.
Michael let out a heavy sigh as he turned towards Castiel's room, and the younger alpha fell into step beside him, eager to see Dean. "He must be scared." Michael whispered sadly, and Castiel simply swallowed and then took a deep breath to calm himself.
“I feel… I am so embarrassed, Dean. I don’t have any proper work clothes and I am so scared I am going to make a fool of myself. It’s stupid, I know, considering my whole situation, but I… I am supposed to work in a digital department and I don’t even have a phone, much less a digital presence in social media. I… I am afraid they are going to take one look at me and… Laugh. And it’s stupid, I know, but I can’t… I can’t do anything about it and I hate it.” Cas blurted out, for the first time sharing his thoughts and concerns with Dean, it caught him a bit off guard. Without thinking, Dean pulled him into a hug and Cas held tight, and it must have helped, because Cas seemed a bit better when he pulled away.
Mouthwatering because there sat Cas, sweating and breathing hard, his hand clenched in fists, his nails nearly drawing blood. His predatory eyes snapped towards the omega, and Dean gasped at the flicker of red that fought to break through. His scent pulsed, calling out to the omega, his erection tenting his sweats so much that Dean though all of him could fit there.
"Well, yeah. It's kinda what I do." Dean tried to spin it around, make himself into a narcissist he really wasn't, and in return, he had his arms full of Balthazar who was hugging him and crying and yelling and clearly excited.
The alpha's breath quickened in anticipation as he watched the omega open his sweet lips and stick his tongue out just a little. He felt the hot breath against his cockhead and held his breath as Dean took him in, then threw his head back and moaned so deeply, the whole bed vibrated.
Anyway, he managed about five floors of stairs (or 135 stairs, but who's counting?) before he heard voice up above, not just the shouts from the below floors. Figuring it must be more guards, he decided to hop on out on this floor, then maybe seek out an elevator. He ran to the doors that lead to the fifth flood, and slammed into them, hitting his face before he figured he was supposed to pull and not push.
"Yes, I think that would be wise." Castiel replied still staring at his hand, and it wasn't until Dean picked up the last box of cans to take to the kitchen that he snapped out of it. "I'll take the blankets and pillows to the closet." He did as he said, then came back for the last box filled with toiletries, only to find Dean picking it up. The man gave him another small smile before turning to put the box away. Castiel found himself easily returning the smile, something he wouldn't have done before and as much as that fact was confounding, it wasn't unpleasant at all.
"Yes, Cas. You. Only you. Always you... I know... I know you have been through a lot and your senses are... Altered, but... I knew the moment I saw you, the moment I caught a whiff of your scent that you were the one for me. Please, Cas... Please believe me." Dean said leaning in just a little bit, his eyes begging, beckoning the alpha to believe and to see what they were to each other.
He certainly didn't want to make it more awkward, and if he stayed, and Cas woke up to find him in his bed... Dean dared not imagine what he might think. Maybe if he just waited a bit, waited for Cas to fall into a deeper slumber, he might be able to sneak out of bed? Yeah, wait a bit, and once Cas was settled, he would go back to his room.
Seeing Cas' building all burnt down nearly gave him a heart-attack. Certainly made his eyes tear, and his lungs close up on him. The worst was the smell. The strongest thing to bring back all those forgotten memories of how his mother perished. And just the thought that Cas was there...
Dean slowed his advance, and when the bear finally reached Castiel's mouth, he sucked it in, along with Deans finger and closed his lips over it. Dean mouth dropped open and he silently gasped as Castiel's tongue swirled around his finger, licking it clean of any gummy bear residue before releasing it. Dean stared at him and continued to stare as his hand dug around the bad, pulling out another treat and shakily reaching to feed those hungry mouth.
But he remembered pulling Cas to lie on the bed next to him and now... He's not there... Oh, no, wait. There he is. In the back of the room, stretching, the shirt coming up, revealing a bit of skin and Dean suddenly felt so overwhelmed. He wanted to touch, he wanted to taste that skin right the fuck now. What was wrong with him? After what he has been through, and not for the first time, he should want to stay clear of any physical contact with anyone.
Castiel was not there for the servings, nor for the clean up, so Dean saved him some corn bread, hiding the last of it from Meg, while there was plenty of oatmeal left. He couldn't help but wonder where the man was, and his thoughts kept circling back to what he overheard, about cash and about Crowley.
He was to make himself more presentable, to make sure he kept this client that seemed to be willing to pay a lot for Dean. Not that Dean knew that. Azazel told him to do whatever is necessary to keep Mr. Novak happy and pleased and he shoved a bottle of those blue pills in Dean's hands and sent him to his room, yelling after him to use a butt plug until he is ready to leave.
The number of forks and spoons confused Dean for a moment, but he looked at Mr. Novak and copied his motions, picking up the table fork instead of the salad one he initially reached for. He did the same for the knives, picking the one Mr. Novak picked. He was glad he had enough brain cells left to come up with the idea to copy the man before him instead of just staring at the amount of cutlery there was on the table.
"No... No. He... He wants to have breakfast." Dean muttered to himself. And when he thought about it for a moment, he realized that, if he didn't count what happened two nights ago, Mr. No... Castiel wanted nothing more but his company. The dinner, the movie... And now breakfast.
But what does it mean? What is it? His past is lurking at him from the shadows, but it isn't consuming him anymore and he feels it is too bright for him to be out in the open like this. His past has always pulled him down, drowning him and now he can suddenly breath a bit and his lungs hurt from the fresh air. It is like he has been fighting his entire life, trying to run from his own mind and guilt, but staying put because he deserved it all, and suddenly, the voices aren't so loud anymore and he is scared of what it all might mean.
"Oh, God, Dean..." Castiel let out and only then did Dean notice the dilated pupils, the drooling mouth and the heavy breaths, bit to mention the throbbing cock that were so eager for him, but holding back and making sure he was all good and stretched and prepared for this whole thing to be the least painful out of all his experiences.
Dean let out a reliving sigh and looked back down on the notepad. He scribbled something on and showed Castiel.
On his way to Azazel's office, Dean could hear someone shouting and yelling and he saw Alistair stomp out of the office. Spotting Dean, he started his way, grabbed him by the throat and pulled him for a disgusting kiss. Like kissing an ashtray. "You're mine!" He growled and threw Dean against a wall when he heard Azazel yell something.
"Yeah, just a bit to stretch out. Been sitting at the computer all night, finishing the coding. Hey, hi there." Charlie replied with a wide smile, revealing a string of pearly whites that seemed to add to her cute look. Her smile widened even more when she laid her eyes on the brothers.
"Huh. Must have thought I would like it. Yeah, no thank you, I'd take my black coffee over this any day." Dean said and walked past the bed to set the bags close. Castiel's mouth parted, his breathing deepening as he watched the omega sway his hips, every muscle flexing with his movements. When Dean placed the bags on the nightstand, his perky round ass came into view and Cas grunted, his eyes going wide and sparking up with red.
Dean started laughing, while the alpha blushed, and tried to apologize and explain that it was a line from one of his favourite books. Fondness danced in the omega's eyes as he watched the alpha stutter, then put his hand up to stop his misery.
"I know he was in a car crash and that... That you have been taking care of him ever since." Castiel said softly and Dean's blush only deepened, because he felt a praise of sorts in those words. "I looked it up and I know you were driving." Castiel said and Dean's wide eyes snapped up at him, his lips parting to say something, but Cas just raised his hand to stop him.
"I think you like that word just a bit too much." Dean commented a bit shyly and Castiel laughed, nodding in agreement.
When Castiel woke the next morning, he realized, some of that dream wasn't a dream at all, because Dean was there, nose bruised, sleeping awkwardly in a half sitting position, prompted against the headboard. Castiel's upper body was on top of his legs, his head on the man's chest as Dean still had one arm slung around him in a protective manner.
That first night Dean didn't even get a chance to turn around when he was pushed against a lazy chair, stripped and penatreted. He screamed, but his voice was unheard. He tried to struggle, but Alistair kept him in place, grabbing his hands and tying them behind his back with a duct tape. Hot tears streamed down his face as Alistair rammed into him, stretching him, tearing him. Blood oozed down his legs as he tried to fight for breath, but there was just something stuck in his throat that would let him breathe.
And still, the alpha couldn't help but want more. So for once, he did what he wanted and sucked Dean's lower lip in his mouth, gently capturing it with his teeth. The omega moaned, the sound sending tidal waves of thill to wash over Cas, making him aroused and lightheaded. His hand reached and cupped Dean's cheek before slipping to his neck, grounding the alpha, anchoring him but also giving him more leverage.
What seemed like teasing but was actually Cas being unable to undo the stubborn button of his jeans fit perfectly into the song, the success of the act aligning perfectly with the change of melody. He let the jeans pool around his ankles and he showed off the bulk in his underwear that was all too eager to come out and play. As he seductively lifted his leg to step out of the jeans, his toes caught up on the material and he stumbled and fell face down with a loud thud.
… They are natural aphrodisiacs, but they are found in Africa, not… They should not be here. Nor should they be this strong, they should not be… I should be able to resist them, I… I am… I am sorry.” The angel finished weakly, now more tears streaming down his face. His voice sounded so small and scared and it tore Dean apart. His mind was swimming with all the strong scents of the mentioned plants and their chemical influence on his thoughts, and with his strong desire to comfort Cas, to tell him it was okay and that it happens, Dean felt his own cock pulse with the need for any form of a stimulus. It all accumulated to Dean shifting his head, moving his cheek to brush up Cas’ jawline, his lips coming close to his neck.
There was something in the air, not quite tension, but still heavy enough to make Castiel's breath hitch frequently; there was a strange tingling sensation crawling all over his skin and some odd warmth spreading deep inside his stomach. It was on the seventh bite that he finally had to pause this little dance of theirs and take a glass of water to chase off the dryness of his mouth.
Pretty soon they were moving in sync, reduced to nothing, but panting sounds, sounds of pure pleasure and just the each other's bodies and Castiel pumped him harder and faster and watched as Dean came, ropes of his cum shooting all over the sheets. He pushed up, thrusted into him a few more times before he too came with Dean's name on his lips, shaking as his orgasm washed over him. Dean fell forward, barely missing the mess he made and Castiel followed, falling behind him and spooning him, never slipping out. They just laid there for a few minutes, catching their breaths and coming of that high.
Dean watched them until they disappeared around the corner and smiled to himself, never thinking he would see the day Sam was... up and about, much less to see him off to a date. He turned and saw Castiel up on the gallery looking down at him. The sun was close to setting and the light illuminated Cas through the windows and he looked so magnificent and strong, like an honest-to-God angel, the only thing missing was the actual wings.
"You've been so good to me, Sam. I think it is time I repay the favor..." Gabriel said and slid down to the floor. Sam was about to tell him he needn't do that, but all words were lost as the omega took him in his mouth. The alpha's mouth dropped open, and he couldn't tear his eyes away from those hazel eyes that watched him as Gabriel sunk deeper. The omega used every trick in the book, altering from bobbing his head, to licking up to the head, teasing that sweet spot just under it, to hollowing his cheeks and just sucking on that cock as if it was the world's tastiest tootsie pop.
The worry in Castiel's eyes loosened just a bit, to be replaced by even more confusion, and his head titled to the side just a bit, his entire expression pleading Dean to explain further. Dean's eyes closed, trying to hide from the embarrassment. When he opened them, he stared at the floor of the shower, and Castiel just knew not to push the eye contact and allow Dean to come out of his shell and say what caused him to... React like this.
"Hello." The child said again, lifting his hand in a form of a greeting, and no, he most definitely was not a figment of Castiel's imagination. The young alpha eyed him curiously and stepped closer to the bars, and Castiel did the same. "You are the one named after an angel, aren't you?" The boy asked, and Castiel gave no response. The child only grinned at him, strange excitement lighting up his kind blue eyes and he moved away.
Yes. Yes you can. But not by money. You can repay me by following your dreams and doing what you want to do. You are free, Dean. Free to live your life the way you want to and... I just want to see you happy."
And that! There it was! Right there! He remembered. He remembered what Dean said last night, he remembered what type of food he liked. He asked him last night, and Dean might have thought he was just making conversation, but he was... He was interested. In what Dean liked.
"Wouldn't mind what, Cas?" Dean asked, but Charlie already figured out, barely containing her laugh.
"I'm sorry, what was that?" Castiel asked, his eyes kind, his words soft, trying to get Dean to open up.
He didn't know if it was part of the torment that Castiel was taking his sweet time and he cursed at Azazel and those little blue pills that were still holding his dick fully erect when it would definitely be as soft as Grandma's under pits by now.
The food arrived shortly and he took the cart out of the elevator to the dining room, ate and cleaned up, took the cart back to the elevator and rode down with it. He would forever deny that the breakfast tasted amazing and that once he felt those syrup drenched waffles in his mouth, for a moment he thought he died and went to Heaven.
"Not today, not when you might not be thinking straight and could be driven by your heat and my scent. Not until I prove I will be whatever you need me to be. Not today, not like this. But one day soon... I will make you mine."
"You mean to tell me you don't have a favorite?" He shot back with a raised brow just as he set the plate in front of Dean. He could see Dean's eyes drop to the plate, and the look of pure joy flash in his eyes, making Castiel smile, pleased.
"Oh, fff..." -uck was what he was about to say before he bit down on his tongue. He could barely breathe as he worked himself up, imagining Dean's eyes, staring him down. Imagining Dean's hand instead of his own, imagining him getting worked up seeing Cas' like this. Imagining his tongue coming out to lick his plush red lips, lips Cas wanted to badly to feel right now.
Sam sighed and slumped against the wall when Dean was out of hearing range. “Don’t be mad at him, okay? He’s just looking out for you. We both are.”
Then Zach was screaming. He could only vaguely hear it through the haze in his head. “Get up! Finish this!”
It was Castiel’s first official day at his summer job at Worlds of Fun, an amusement park in Kansas City. He had to take two buses and walk half an hour to get there, but he needed the money. Besides, the job was easy and he got free snacks. He had been going in for a week already for training. But he was finally free.
Castiel stared at Dean. Even as he was doing it, he realized he should probably say something. “I’ll just wait here, then.”
“Better.” Cas turned toward him. Dean turned his back to rifle through his drawers again. Cas saw his tattoo for a brief moment. The design was dark, with strong, smooth lines. Dean covered it quickly with his shirt and turned back around.
“I thought you were Dauntless,” Dean said, his face just above Cas’s. He kissed down his neck. Cas kneed him hard in the groin and threw him off.
“Wait!” Cas called. Everyone turned to stare at him. He met Zach’s eyes across the room. “Anyone can just stand there. It doesn’t prove anything.”
After breakfast Dean and Zach came to gather them. The older boys brought them to the training facility where they split off into two groups – Zach with the Dauntless-born and Dean with the newbies.
He felt his face heating up under the attention. He pulled his hands back from Dean but the damage had been done. Dean looked scared to death.
Cas handed her the key, but he was staring at Dean and Dean knew he shouldn’t be happy about that but he was. Cas sat beside him on the curb. Dean smiled, but it felt forced.
“Usually, people eliminate four of the factions as they progress through the simulation. But you only eliminated two, so your results are Abnegation, Erudite, and Dauntless. It’s rare, but it happens. It’s also very dangerous. You can’t tell anyone about this, Castiel, not even your parents.”
Cas grimaced and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, Dean was gone. Cas found himself alone staring into the darkness. The scene was so black he couldn’t see a foot in front of himself. He reached forward, trying to touch, but there was nothing there. He walked forward a step, then another. He started running in his panic but he never got anywhere, and the darkness never let up. He was trapped there. He fell to his knees, panting. He bowed his head in surrender.
“I don’t need you, Dean. And you don’t need me either. I think we both know that by now.” Cas took a deep breath. “It doesn’t mean that I don’t want you.”
Leaving a restaurant because Cas was there had been weird. And if Dean and him were fighting, Sam reasoned his brother would want to be seen before he made a disgruntled exit. So hiding from Cas had been even weirder.
Their date started off a little rocky. Cas was shy, a little hesitant to speak. Dean had already figured that out about him, but it made him feel like he himself was talking a lot. And that was fine at the amusement park, that was his job, but on a date? Not so much. He tried talking less. They fell into one awkward silence after another.
“You know it’s not even possible to open this door midflight, right? The amount of pressure on the door would be…” he trailed off. Dean was glaring at him and he shrugged. “It’s not real. We could just jump.”
But later, when the amusement park music played and people were filing into the queue, Castiel caught Dean singing along to these songs as well and he smiled to himself.
Cas babbled while Dean turned his head to mouth at Cas’s neck “I find no one hot. Physical forms have no impact on me. I find you very aesthetically appealing, though, Dean.”
Dean pulled him out into the hall with urgency. Cas was still a little shaken up from the simulation, but he followed along pliantly. Dean turned down a different hall and stopped abruptly. He spun around, face close to Cas’s while he whispered.
He came to a few minutes later, still in the gymnasium. He watched the remaining fights with a pounding headache and stiff arms. At the end of the matches, all the initiates gathered once again. Charlie helped Cas to his feet. She had lost her fight, too, but she was in much better shape than him. They stood next to each other while Zach put the first rankings up. There were 32 initiates this year and the lowest twelve would be kicked out of Dauntless, left factionless and alone. Cas looked down, eyes bleary, when he saw the results. He was number 32. There was no way he would survive this.
He had convinced himself of the theory, though, when by the next week Cas had moved up steadily in the rankings. He was the top scorer of all the new initiates. Charlie congratulated him eagerly, which was nice. He had been concerned she would be mad at him for beating her out. But she was more concerned for Dorothy, who was still in the danger zone with Balthazar and ten others.
Cas opened his eyes back in the testing room. Everyone was clapping as Cas stepped down from the chair. Dean met him at the edge of the room.
Just as the doors in front of each line began to open, a high metallic squeal filtered through the air. Castiel turned around to watch as a train came screeching along the raised track behind them. Suddenly a waterfall of people dressed in black jumped from the speeding train and rolled off the platform. Then they all ran, full speed, into the building.
The injection stung for a minute. Before he left the cafeteria, he glanced back at where Dean was standing against the back wall, eyebrows furrowed. He looked worried. Cas wished he could go to him and tell him everything would be fine.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean gave him a sympathetic pat on the back and went to set up for the day. The rest of the initiates began trailing in not too long after. When Zach sauntered into the room, they all gathered together by the mats.
They spent a good majority of their free time kissing after that. Dean spent the rest of it smiling like an idiot.
He reached over and took his boyfriend’s hand. Dean glanced up, but his eyes darted away immediately. Their remaining minutes were dwindling. Everything would be different after this, for better or worse.
Castiel unfolded the large manila envelope which contained his locker information, name tag, and position - Cosmic Coaster. He peeked over his friends’ sheets. Sam had been assigned a different ride, Anna was at a ticket booth and Meg would be running that game where people throw hoops onto colored sticks.
Castiel was sitting on an empty bus. The only other patron sat across from him, reading a newspaper. The man was older. He looked up at Castiel with ice-grey eyes. He pointed to a picture on the page, a picture of a young woman with brown hair and big blue eyes.
Cas woke up early. Dean was already awake, taking a shower. Cas could hear the water running. He stayed in the bed and stared up at the ceiling.
Dean walked away to join the other Dauntless leaders and Cas joined the initiates waiting in a single line on the far side of the room. Leaders from all the factions were standing by the testing chair, with a clear view of the three display monitors. The sight of John Winchester left a burning feeling in his chest. He was talking to Meta, the leader of Erudite. Cas found it hard to decide which man he hated more.
He took a booth by the door and was still glaring when the waitress came to his table. She had long, red hair, just like Cas’s date, and if Dean didn’t know that girl was half a mile away in a different restaurant, he’d be worried it was her. He tried to smooth out his expression, but she caught on quick.
When Dean smiled back at him, Cas’s eyes widened a bit and he just stared. Dean noticed how he was prone to do that during work, too, but found he didn’t mind. It gave him an excuse to look and look and…Cas had really nice eyes.
Within a half-hour they were back inside the park, in the restaurant’s kitchen with burger ingredients scattered all over the counters. Dean set a basket of potato wedges into the fryers and then started assembling the burgers on the grill.
At first, he thought maybe Cas didn’t want the sex. But over the next few weeks, Cas initiated just as much as Dean did. So he just didn’t want to see him.
Castiel’s breath caught when his brother’s name was called. Jimmy walked assuredly toward the basins. He cut his palm and let his blood drop into the water. Castiel’s parent’s stiffened beside him. He didn’t have much time to gauge their reactions, though. As soon as the applause died down, he was called to the front.
“That’s all right, Sam.” Cas stood up. His posture was still stiff, far too formal for a human. “We can speak.”
“I’ve given you a great deal of time,” Cas said, resigned now. “Things shouldn’t be this difficult, Dean.”
When Dean passed him his finished plate, he sat beside him on the counter with his own. He watched Cas take his first bite and moan.
He traced mindlessly over his tattoo. He skipped dinner that night and went to bed early, his body still stiff and painful.
“Let’s go,” he repeated. Sam retreated to the impala without another word. But he threw a glance back at Cas, half worried and half encouraging. Cas took it as permission to try. He grabbed Dean’s sleeve when the man tried to pull away. Dean pulled out of his grasp but it was enough of an effort to make him stop. He didn’t look at Cas, speaking out angrily. “Let go, Cas. You just said you don’t need me. Let me go.”
Dean turned that over in his head. But there was no way to put it in a positive light. His words turned hard. “So you don’t want me?”
Dean knocked his shoulder, an attempt at casual. But his words sounded hollow, even to himself, and Cas was never one to play along.
“I want you to do what you feel, in your heart and in your head, is right,” Meta said. “It is your right to go against the test after all. You should choose a faction based, not on the person you wish to be, but on the person you know you are.”
Cas wasn’t as worried about it as he should have been. The week progressed with no more incidents. Dean gave Cas tips throughout the training sessions and he was actually feeling more confident about himself. At least his weaponry skill would help his score even if his hand-to-hand was still lacking – and it really was.
“Oh, I see.” Castiel’s voice was even quieter than before. “If you aren’t ready or you don’t…I apologize if I pressured you. We don’t have to do this. We should not do this.”
“No, I don’t think we do, Cas,” Dean laughed bitterly. Castiel’s wide, blue eyes changed from worried to hurt in an instant. Dean almost felt guilty. “There’s a lot of secrets between us, man. Like…when one person feels more for a person than the other.”
If having Cas look at him from across the room made Dean feel this loved, he knew the sex was going to be awesome.
Cas pulled forward and took Dean’s wrist. It was all he was brave enough to do. He peered up at Dean, almost shy. The expression made Dean’s heart beat faster.
Cas nodded. “These make me very happy.” He swallowed audibly and looked over at Dean, a serious look on his face. Cas frowned a lot, but Dean was learning to differentiate between happy frowns and actual frowns. This was the former. “You make me very happy.”
Cas glanced around, but there was no one there. He sensed that someone was coming for him. Despite the panic building in his chest, he waited for them. He closed the dead man’s eyes and waited with him. The apologies died on his tongue. When the door opened, Cas didn’t flinch. He let them take him away. The scene changed again.
Cas stood up and pulled his trench coat tightly around his middle. He had been too nervous and preoccupied to take it off when he came in the house.
When he heard the sound of water up ahead, he suddenly knew where they were headed. He started to struggle again with vigor. The pushed him forward, hard, and he felt one of his feet slip over the edge of the open bridge.
Dorothy nodded once, her face white. She squared her shoulders. She watched Zachariah with wide eyes as he passed one of the knives to Dean, whose face was passive.
Uriel hit him in the stomach, then in the side. He pushed Cas down and waited. Cas was ashamed at the relief he felt for the moment of mercy.
Cas closed his eyes when the shot rang out. When he opened them again they were in a room he immediately recognized.
He was in field, tied to a stake in the ground. His feet were a few inches off the ground. A fire started beneath him. The flames licked up his legs and he started to struggle, but it was futile. There was no smoke. That scared him more than anything. He wouldn’t die from asphyxiation this way, he’d simply feel himself burn to death. He bucked harder in his restraints.
Dean shook his head automatically but his mouth was still gaping like a fish out of water. He stepped back. He glanced back into the restaurant and gulped, because that was Cas sitting in there, with a pretty red-head Dean had never met. The was Cas reaching across the table to squeeze the girl’s hand. That was Cas, his Cas. The two of them were laughing and it made Dean’s head swirl.
He saw Dean there on the last cart. Their eyes met and for a moment Cas thought Dean was going to let him fall behind. Dean leaned forward, reaching out with one hand. Cas grasped it eagerly and Dean pulled him up.
He leaned in, watching for Cas’s reaction the whole time. He kissed him gently. Cas swayed forward into his chest and almost immediately pulled back again.
Sometime after his lunch break, Dean started flirting with him as well. Castiel found it hard to look away from the other boy, and Dean seemed to notice. He winked.
Charlie smiled from behind the register and Dean knew it was probably just her job, but the expression irked him.
Dean nodded, horrified when his throat felt thick, like he was about to start crying in the middle of a goddamn diner. He took a step back, retreating again. He always seemed to run away from Cas, even the idea of him.
They continued like that for the rest of the day until the sky grew dark and the park lit up with a thousand lights. The roller coaster was flashing, almost pulsing with color. The crowds thinned and they began sending half-full carts up the hill.
They always came home together. John would swing by Mary’s office at the end of the day to pick her up  They said it was to save gas, but Dean told Cas the truth about how they couldn’t afford another car, they could barely afford the one they had.
He felt ridiculous by the time he brought it up. They were sitting on the bed, full from dinner and worn out from a day of research. Dean had a headache and he was frustrated. When Cas reached for him, he pulled back.
All the factions were divided into separate sections of the auditorium in the same building where they had taken the test. Castiel saw Jo sitting near the front of the Dauntless section. If she noticed him, her face betrayed no recognition. Castiel and his family were nearly at their own section when the leader of Erudite intercepted them, an aging little man dressed in blue.
Dean was quickly regretting his restaurant choice, too. It was pricey and stuffy and far too quiet. They were eating salads for crying out loud – the first of three courses.
He threw an empty bottle of booze at their feet and the glass shattered. Cas cowered back. Dean stood his ground, even as John advanced at him, arm raised.
“You okay?” he asked. Cas glanced over at the leaders. They were talking amongst themselves. Dean followed his gaze and spoke quietly. “It all looked good to me, okay? Let’s go.”
Cas pushed himself up of the bed and hurried outside. Up ahead at the train platform, he could see the group of initiates jumping on. He started running. Every muscle in his body protested the movement, but he kept running. He was nearly there. The car remained just out of reach.
He swallowed his pride and let it go. “Yeah, well, I still need you. And I want you. I’m not trying to be your guard, here, Cas. I just need you to be here when I come home. Okay?”
“No, a Divergent would jump. Dauntless would try to steady the plane. If you want to pass you have to do things the way a Dauntless would. You need to find some tool to survive.”
“You said I couldn’t let anyone find out about me. I’m assuming you mean Dauntless leadership,” he started. Jo nodded, her face immediately somber. “What if they already know?”
Jo shook her head. “I can’t tell you that. Just keep your mouth shut about what happened here today.”
Cas stared, but it wasn’t the warm look reserved for Dean. He looked quizzical. “I know that.” It sounded like a question.
“Diner salad? Really? Okayyyyy.” And then she winked at Dean conspiratorially and he actually managed a smile.
Then the hands on him suddenly fell away. He heard panting and the thump of bodies as they hit the ground. Balth looked behind Cas and his eyes widened. He turned tail and ran. Dean was standing behind Cas and the boys were still passed out on the ground. Dean rushed forward. “Come on, let’s get you out of here.”
“Anna,” Cas repeated the girls name, staring at Dean like he was missing something vital. “My sister, Anna, I’ve mentioned her a million times, Dean.”
Cas didn’t have much of an appetite. He dropped his fork down on his plate. Across the cafeteria, he saw Dean standing close to Jo, talking quietly. They both kept shooting glances over at him. Now that they had caught his attention, they stopped talking. Dean looked down and abruptly left the cafeteria. Jo returned to her seat.
“Are you scared?” he sneered. He waited a beat. “Okay, everybody stop. Dorothy, stand in front of that target. Dean is going to throw these five knives and if you as much as flinch, you’re out. Got it?”
The next day he woke up early. He got to breakfast before the room got very crowded and then he headed off to the training room alone. He could get an hour of practice in, and maybe use some of the weights. Dean had said strength wasn’t really the issue, but everyone knew that Cas was small – that couldn’t be an asset.
“Would I be making these awesome burgers right now if I didn’t? I promise, man, it’ll be the best burger of your life, I’ll ruin you for all other burgers.”
He sat down on the second plush chair behind the counter. Dean nodded and resumed his work, pushing some buttons to get the next cart to move and turning his music louder. He screamed over it.
He stepped back again. Uriel jumped into the first jab. Dean blocked each blow with his palms, but he nodded this time. He went through a few more punch sequences and then dismissed everyone to their own punching bags.
They found themselves in a dimly lit room with one chair in the center of it. A girl sat tied to it, her eyes wide and scared, her mouth bound. There was a table to her left with a gun on it. Dean took it.
Dean complied, but scrunched up his face in distaste. “This? Really? They play this like five hundred times a day at work.”
Then he saw a flash of light. When he looked up again the scene had changed. He was in a grey room, kneeling before a stranger. His hands felt wet. When he lifted them he saw they were covered in blood. He looked down at the man in front of him again. He was dead. Cas had murdered him.
“Yeah,” he croaked. “You can. Because I have been in love with you for years. And even if you never feel the same way I will always want to make you laugh and see you smile and listen to you sing and…”
Cas was still getting used to being able to look at mirrors. He stared at his tattoo for about the millionth time that day, traced his fingers over the two angel wings drawn just below his collar bone. He went to breakfast with the other initiates. They feasted on eggs and flat red meat. He tried coffee with trepid excitement, but it tasted bitter and he had to refrain from spitting the hot liquid from his mouth. He pushed the mug away.
Just then an alarm started blaring. Jo jumped up. Cas felt his heart beat race, and he began to panic.
Dean threw the knife higher, just above Cas’s hair. The last two followed quickly – one above his shoulder, in the concave of his neck, and the other at his right ear, grazing his skin. He reached up to touch the blood.
Cas saw through the window behind them that it was already dark, already night time. He sat up, frantic.
Dean started the car again and wished that they could just start the whole date over. “Look, Cas, I’m not very good at this. I mean, I’m not really a date-type guy and I don’t know what to order in fancy restaurants or what to wear and…”
Cas sat back on the couch, arms crossed over his chest. Sam was still in his bedroom packing, so Dean had time. He sat down beside the angel-turned-human.
“I’m coming with you.” Cas spoke the words to Dean, but he saw Zach turn away out of the corner of his eye.
As promised, the second week of training brought weapons and Cas felt even more out of his element. The groups alternated between more hand-to-hand combat and learning how to wield knives, shoot guns and arrows, and throw spears.
Dean was relieved when the topic of Cas didn’t come up again. At first. Charlie even started teasing Sam about his salad choice.
He leaned forward, took the door handle. The wind was strong, but with Dean’s added strength he pulled the door closed. Dean settled back.
“We’re going to work on strength training and fighting techniques. In a week we’ll start working with the weapons, but for now we’ll just be learning hand-to-hand. I’ll demonstrate first. You,” Dean nodded to a larger boy on the side. “What’s your name?”
“Sir?” Dean blinked up at the waiter in front of him, distracted and trying to remember how to close his mouth. “Table for two?”
He would come back after working on Baby, covered in grease and sweat. He’s reach high for things in the closet to reveal skin. He walked back from the shower in only a towel with the water still dripping down his skin.
Dean glanced up and met his eyes finally. Cas was watching him already, his gaze firm and unwavering. Neither of them spoke after that. The train rumbled along beneath them.
They stopped outside the apartment door, Dean’s face heating up again. He had never blushed so much in his life. “I’m such an idiot.”
“Wanna see the view?” Dean asked, stepping around Cas where he stood hesitantly just inside the door.
Dean’s eyes shifted back to the monitor. There’s a grainy picture of Cas paused after his escape from the flames. Dean closed the screen. “Well, let’s just hope the test simulation goes well in a few weeks. That’s the one that really counts.”
He hovered over Castiel in their shared bed in the bunker. He moved gently this time and they breathed each other’s air. Dean watched every emotion as it made its way to Cas’s face and when he orgasmed beneath him, Dean watched the way his lips fell open before diving into a quick kiss. He pulled back hastily, just to check. Sure enough, Cas had never opened his eyes.
“Maybe if it doesn’t work out, you could go home,” Dorothy said softly. “I mean, you were Abnegation I’m sure they’d take you back.”
Jimmy wiped aimlessly at the countertop with the rag in his hand. He spoke without looking up. “You just have to think of others, Castiel. It’s not that hard.”
Cas shrugged. “Part of the job. And I know you well enough to know you won’t walk out on a job, not even this one. Not even for me.”
“You finished,” Jo said quickly. She all but pried him from the chair. “You have to go. You go straight home, okay? Tell your parents the serum made you sick and you got sent home.”
He grabbed Castiel’s hand and led him back through the market and down a different corridor. Most of the people had dispersed. Jo was standing outside the shop and she nodded at them as they passed.
Anyway, Dean had wanted to let Cas set the timeline, since it was all new to him. The angel seemed content with how things were going. He got braver in his kisses and touches, realizing he didn’t need permission anymore. The close proximity the two shared was justified now. That gave Dean a warm feeling.
“No complaints,” Bobby warned as he handed them their envelopes. “And no trading. This ain’t a summer camp.”
Dean shook his head. “Three. I’ve never seen anyone do so well their first time. How’d you escape the fire?”
Cas glared up at him. “You know what I mean. You know. And as soon as everyone else finds out I’m as good as dead.”
“I’m just saying,” Sam said, raising his hands palms out in a placating gesture. “I’m on his side. If this whole night is a disaster I’ll know who to blame.”
“But what am I going to do with it?” Castiel insisted. The room shifted again, as the tables disappeared and a dog appeared across the room. The dog snarled at him and stepped forward. Castiel tripped backwards, obviously a mistake, and the dog rushed toward him. Castiel glanced around himself, but the room was empty. He saw his own panicked expression in the mirrors. He glanced back at the dog. Helpless to do anything else, he fell to his knees in submission.
Cas opened his eyes to the sight of Dean’s retreating back as the trainer walked away from the fight. Cas let out a groan. Uriel kicked him, once, hard and Cas’s view faded to black.
“Why are we in Abnegation?” All the houses looked the same. Cas glanced around. There was a man, sitting on a large arm chair in the corner. Cas recognized him immediately – John Winchester, the Abnegation leader.
There were five images in a vertical line down his back. They were entangled with black lines that extended up his shoulders. Cas traced the lines of them.
He beckoned Cas back to the couch and sat down with his cell phone. He looked like he was texting. Cas stood near his legs, frowning and feeling completely ignored. What on Earth was happening?
“It’s not really a decision,” Castiel said. Everyone stared at him and he glanced away for a second. “I mean, the test is supposed to tell us what to do.”
“What is it?” he whispered, frantically searching the board for her name. “You’re ranked 10th, Charlie, you’re fine.”
When he felt his feet touch the ground the scene evaporated around him, as well as the pain. He found himself in the same grey room with a dead man in front of him on the ground. Like every time, he shut the man’s eyes. He left the room and didn’t look back. When two people started chasing him, he turned and shot them. The scene changed before their bodies hit the ground.
Cas’s first fear was the fire this time. He panicked for a second, overwhelmed by the heat and the pain rising up his legs. He kicked futilely. Then he stretched, lifting his arms high above him so the binding on his wrists, while still tying him together, was clear of the pole against his back. He leaned forward and used the fire to his advantage, burning away the threads and then untying himself with shaky hands from the rest of the bindings.
He had his two favorite people in the same place for once. He couldn’t remember ever feeling this happy.
Dean led him back to the simulation hallway. He opened the door with his key card and ushered him inside.
“We’re going to start practicing simulations. At the end of your training, you will complete one final simulation in front of a panel and your efficiency will be scored. Take these opportunities to overcome your fears.”
The morning of the final simulation test, Dean walked Cas down to meet the rest of the initiates. Charlie smiled knowingly at him. Dean took his elbow in the doorway, before they went to their respective positions. He leaned down to whisper in his ear.
Dean looked down at his hands. Nothing was turning out the way it was supposed to. Cas was with him, finally, but he wasn’t happy - neither of them were. When they fought it made Dean feel like he was drowning.
“Then, what? You want me to bring you along and feed you to the vampires. You want me to let them turn you and then let Sammy cut your head off?”
“So his name’s Cas?” Charlie’s smile was big and deliberate but not at all mocking. Dean sighed. It sounded like surrender.
Cas wished he could be anywhere but there at that moment. This time, when Balth struck, he stayed in place, arms raised. The punch landed low in his stomach and it hurt. But Cas kept his bearing and struck back, high at Balth’s face and that hurt, too. He pulled back, turning without meaning to, so Balth’s next blow hit him in the cheek, and then another straight on. Cas could taste blood in his mouth. He swung forward blindly, but his fist barely made impact. Balth hit him again in the stomach. One more punch to the face and Castiel saw black before he even hit the ground.
When he opened them he stared at Dean, silently asking all the questions that demanded answers. What do you want from me? From this? What do you expect me to do? To keep living in secret?
“I don’t want to be just one thing. I can’t be. I want to be brave and I want to be selfless, and intelligent, and honest, and kind,” Dean said. He turned to face Cas again, a small smile on his face. “Well, I’m still working on kind.”
Cas could barely eat the morning of the fights. He went to the gym early as usual, but he was too preoccupied to do much.
“Just…please, let’s get out of here.” He glanced anxiously in Cas’s direction, nervous to be spotted. Of course, Sam noticed.
At the end of the hall Dean opened his door and gestured for Cas to enter first. Cas felt inexplicably nervous, but he stepped inside.
When he woke up this time, he could tell the simulation was truly over. Dean was at his side in an instant.
Cas found him like that. The red-head was with him, and they both towered over him with concerned expressions.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean called over the speakers. They were waiting for the previous cart to reach the second drop before they sent up the next group. Castiel finished checking their seat belts quickly.
“And you know, when you…love someone who doesn’t love you back, I mean, nothing good can come of that,” Dean whispered, nearly talking to himself but Cas could hear every word. And when he looked up into blue eyes he could see Cas was close to tears. Dean felt like someone was stabbing him in the chest and he realized this was what it felt like to lose his best friend. But he carried on. “Because you can’t be in love with someone who doesn’t love you back, right?”
“See? Strength helps, but not if you don’t know what you’re doing.” He let go. “Here, try again. I want you to jab three times – left, right, left. Got it?” He demonstrated slowly, his blows stopping before he touched Uriel at all. The boy nodded.
“Hey, man, you must be Castiel. I’m Dean.” He stuck out his hand. Castiel wiped his palm against his pants before he took it.
“That was a horrible line, wasn't it?” Dean asked. The passengers and people waiting in line enthusiastically agreed. Dean clicked his tongue. “How about, his eyes are so blue I want to drown in them?”
He held his own with the knives as well. The others were having trouble, so he seemed advanced in comparison. Only Uriel and some of the Dauntless born exceeded his skill. He stopped throwing to watch Dorothy as she missed the board by inches yet again. She sighed softly in frustration. Cas turned to her, just as Zach came up behind her. Cas’s eyes went wide.
“Balth?” he wheezed. He couldn’t believe his eyes. His friend glanced away, ashamed. There were two other boys – dauntless-born initiates he’d barely spoken to. He didn’t even spare them a glance, even as they gathered his arms again. “Why?”
Cas hesitated, and then came forward. Dorothy all but ran back to the safety of the sidelines. Cas gulped and turned to face everyone. Dean stared at him, eyes blank. He raised his arm again. Cas heard the whoosh as the knife flew a few inches beside his head.
That night most of the new initiates sat together at dinner. It was a quiet affair. By that time everyone knew what Balth had tried to do to Cas the night before, and what he had done to himself that morning.
“You know there’s no training today, right?” he said finally. Cas nodded. “You should give your body a break. One day’s not going to put you behind.”
Before he could say anything else, Sam took a few steps into the room, duffle bag in hand. He cleared his throat. He knew Cas and Dean had been fighting for days. Beyond agreeing that Cas should steer clear of hunting for now, he had tried to stay out of it. He hoped the two would have figured it out by now. But here there were, having a staring contest on the couch.
Dean opened his mouth and then closed it again. Cas set the weights back on the bar and sat up. He wiped the sweat from his forehead wordlessly.
Castiel tapped his feet as they were called one by one into several test rooms down the hall. As soon as one child returned, another would be called. Jimmy was called first, since he was technically older. Then it was his turn.
“No!” Cas shouted, pulling Dean back. John’s punch missed its mark. The simulation fell away. Dean and Cas were standing in the same position in the simulation room, staring at each other. Cas swallowed a lump in his throat. He didn’t know what to say.
This time Sam didn’t hesitate. They climbed back into the impala and Dean gunned it like they had just robbed the place or something. But, no, they were just running away from Castiel - Dean’s best friend and roommate. Sam was confused to say the least.
Dean barely touched his food. He asked Charlie to box it up and then refused dessert. Sam shot him a look and he ignored it. He went up to the counter to pay, shooing Sam away with his hand. He went to wait in the car.
He woke up in the infirmary with a pounding headache and achy bones. Charlie and Balth were standing by his bedside.
“And I thought I was sappy.” Dean smiled and leaned in to wipe a bit of ketchup off Cas’s lip. “You make me happy, too, Cas.”
“Sam,” Dean snapped. His face was red, flushed with embarrassment, and if looks could kill Sam would be dead.
Castiel changed his shirt right there in the office and shoved his belongings into his assigned locker along the wall. He hurried off to the far end of the park where the roller coaster was located. He had never had a job before, though he was in his senior year of high school, and he was nervous about screwing it up.
Cas rolled his eyes and set another arrow against his bow. “Thanks for that wonderful tidbit of knowledge.”
“Dean…” Cas tried to interject, but didn’t sound all that surprised. Dean guessed he should have known he’d be shit at hiding his feelings.
Cas let out a sob at the end of Dean’s little speech but he wiped at his eyes, already shaking his head.
Finally, he felt the binds around his wrists start to give. He pulled more, feeling the strands of yarn separating. When his hands were free he untied the rest of the bonds. He jumped to the ground and ran as fast as he could.
“It’s because this is a memory a lot of people have and enjoy. This is a very popular fair attraction, and a lot of people have the same timeline that this one falls under. It makes more sense to keep them all together, it makes the heaven more authentic… which in turn makes it one of the bigger heavens.”
The moment is cut short when the lights in the hallway turn off and a siren blares loudly over the speakers. Dean doesn’t even have time to think, his migraine feels like it shatters in his head, and he crumples, covering his ears. He hears Cas’ shout of concern in the distance, but he’s too busy trying to breathe through the blinding pain that flares behind his eyelids and fills up his mouth with static, and makes him feel like he’s chewing on tinfoil.
After what feels like too long, Cas pulls back, giving a deep sigh and leaning back against the wall. Dean sits up and faces him. He looks exhausted, like doing that took a huge amount of strength, and Dean wonders if that’s why he was being so damn grumpy.
He realizes he’s said the wrong thing when Cas’ expression darkens and he glares at Dean. “I will not help you, I will not rebel against Heaven.” Did he seem almost… scared?
freedom if I can’t live to enjoy it. What is the point of all this, of my suffering on Earth, of every human’s suffering on Earth if we can’t live to see the true freedom of suffering that you’re telling me I get to experience?”
Along the hall were walls lined with doors, and that’s what Dean called the personal heavens or lowercase “h” heavens. They had numbers on them, and initials and Dean would often just run and quickly open the next door and hop into the next heaven. That way he didn’t have to stay in the corridor. It was eerie, uncanny valley type shit. It made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up and he just couldn’t stay in there for long. He also knew that if he stayed in that part of Heaven he would be caught by the angels incredibly quickly.
His body is still sore, but he’s finally as alert as he can be. He feels relief wash over him at the realization that he finally was well-rested. He was starting to go crazy and was worried he wouldn't make it when Cas had led them to this tiny room in a person's heaven. The bed was comfortable, and Cas had warded the door and Dean was out the second his head hit the pillow.
Cas sighs and the muscles in his jaw clench. “They will imprison me for the rest of eternity. I may stand trial, but rebellion is rebellion. I have turned my back on the Host, the same as Lucifer.”
Dean doesn’t pause when Cas gets them out of the way and he bolts through the door, he doesn’t pay attention to the angel’s shouts. He doesn’t turn at the light flashing behind him.
He shuts off the lights to his office, walking out of the building and resigning himself to sitting alone, once more.
He decides instead of fighting against Castiel’s grip on him, he would fight Castiel by bargaining with him.
Those are the thoughts that have been running through his mind as he explored more and more of heaven.
Cas snorts and shakes his head. “No, just a powerful and determined angel,” he mutters and looks around. “Come on, we need to get moving. We’re in the center now, which means angels are definitely tailing us. I need to find a place where we can ward ourselves in and I can figure out how to get to where I can restore your body and send you back.”
He looks around the scrapyard, and then back at Bobby. “Sorry Bobby, I must have started daydreaming there!” He shouts back and throws the ball, laughing.
There is a beat of silence, and he opens his eyes to see Cas looking around, his jaw tensing. “I think they are trying to catch us off guard.”
With each passing second, the lights start to flicker more, and a roaring sound starts to fill the maze of hallways. Dean feels every nerve in his body seizing up his muscles and begging him to run. He’s trapped now, there is no escaping and Castiel was definitely going to come and throw him into hell for killing those angels and forcing other people to wake up with their memories.
Dean looks over and notices the bloody handprint on his shoulder, and instead of replying to Sam, he lets out another choked sob.
“I did trust you!” Dean says in complete and utter disbelief, "but also don't blame me for that because if you didn't notice we were falling 100 feet through the air."
Dean swallows. “There are only three angels, you and I can take them on and easily find another exit.”
Instead, Dean responds with his usual rebuttal of laughing off the compliment, and giving a stuttered, “Uh… thanks?” while rubbing the back of his neck, he doesn’t give Cas enough time to respond. “So… in order for human souls to power the heavenly host… and help the mission… they need to be wiped of memories?”
It plays in Dean’s mind on a loop, and he looks around the room, starting to come to his senses. He can’t get up, he can’t move. He holds his head in his hands, and begins to sob.
“Okay, so say I let you go free? What’s your plan then Dean? Are you just going to saunter out of Heaven and back on Earth?”
Startled, he looks down at his phone and sees it’s Sam calling, and takes a shaky breath. The moments of the night rushing back towards him, so strong, so hard, so fast. He looks around the room, is reminded that the quiet, the nothingness, it was because Cas was there and then he was gone.
Dean is still dumbstruck, especially by all the people milling about. It’s odd, most heavens have only one person in them. “Why are there so many people here?”
The last couple that he’s run into he’s managed to take down. He thinks it’s sheer luck that he managed to do that, and he also assumes it’s because they were considered low tier angels. Or “guardians of the doors” as they call themselves. He’s managed to kill six so far, all of which were trying to capture him and take him who knows where. They also all had warned him that the angel that would find him would be very different, that it was one of the higher-ranking angels. Not as strong as an archangel, but strong enough that it would be Dean’s maker.
Dean feels his cheeks heat at the way Cas is staring at him and he looks down at the carpet of the room. It's grey, muted, but softer than any carpet Dean has stood on. Most of Bobby's were threadbare, his mind is still trying to process what Cas has said to him. He figures that he's not all that special, but Cas is looking at him like he is.
It's a warm, sunny day. They had decided to go play ball because Dean had gotten caught making out with Jenny in the janitor’s closet and Mr. Pallipan was not impressed. He had called Bobby to get him, and Bobby decided he should do something he probably never really got a chance to. Maybe, in Bobby's words, it would keep Dean from trying to grow up so quickly.
He spits out blood, and he looks back at Cas. “Looks like they figured out how to catch us off guard,” he says and smiles, seeing Cas’ eyes widen and then the room goes black.
“So she started to do things, like leaving little bits of memories behind. It would cause the humans to wake up, and she would pretend she missed something and then I would be sent to clear their minds again. Her actions though kept occurring, and she eventually confided in me. She told me that our actions were despicable and that we should stop.”
Dean blinks and sighs, looking up to the ceiling and taking a deep breath. He figures Cas really hasn’t been around humans enough – besides clearing their souls – to know the nuances of human humour and slang. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t find Castiel’s complete obliviousness to not be really damn annoying.
Cas walks over to Dean and then very abruptly presses his fingers to his forehead, while also crowding into Dean’s personal space.
Whenever he exits one personal heaven, he ends up in the capital “H” Heaven as he likes to call it. It’s freaky, the main part of Heaven. It is nothing but hallways, and it almost feels like a hospital. It’s sterile and quiet, with gross fluorescent lights beaming down and doors on either side of the hallways. It echoed, too, and Dean could hear his breathing stretch on throughout the hall.
“I’m ignoring that you called me stupid, but did you lead us directly into a trap?” Dean is trying to focus his mind on connecting what Cas is saying, but at this point, he’s starting to feel like his head is filled with scrambled eggs.
Taking a sip of water, he rubs at his hands. They were still tingling from the power of Dean’s soul. He wondered how long that feeling would last for him.
After a few more moments, the pain slowly begins to subside and Dean is able to fully open his eyes and start to concentrate, but barely. He is still loopy and he lets his mind wander to the angel who is currently working over him.
He feels the world around him start to tunnel into silence, with the roaring of blood in his ears getting so loud. He looks back at Cas, trying to keep the panic from entering his voice. “Is there...” he swallows when his voice shakes, “Is there another exit?”
After a beat, Cas meets Dean’s gaze. “I have questions, I have doubts. I have had them for a long time because as I told you, human souls are powerful. They’re also stunningly beautiful, and they have so much power and vibrancy in them. It felt… wrong to wipe them of everything that made them so human.
Cas bites his lip and looks down, shaking his head, with a small smile on his face. Dean can tell he’s scared like this is a monumental thing for an angel to be making a choice like this. But Cas also seems determined and ready to make that choice, and Dean admires that in him. There was nothing braver than fighting against everything you’ve ever known.
“I apologize,” the man said. “It is not my duty to gather souls and bring them to heaven, but there have been labour cuts. I do not have time for you to ask me the questions, nor argue with me about your fate.”
Dean frowns, that makes no sense. Cas acts like he knew how to create a good battle strategy but clearly, he's bluffing because the answer seemed pretty straightforward. “Shouldn’t we just go to the easiest exit then?”
They’re going to die. This is the end of the line, they’re going to hit the ground and Dean is going to die and Cas is going to get captured and Dean feels so fucking bad for roping Cas into this.
Dean chuckles, “you know… that sounds a lot like what my father used to say to me. Be a good soldier, take care of Sammy, stop asking questions,” he mutters.
“It’s dangerous, to be exposed to that frequency. I should have been more aware of how dangerous it was,” Cas murmurs. “So I am now piecing your soul back together, which is why I am touching you like this. I know you want personal space, but I have to touch you in order to fix this.”
The moment is cut short when the lights in the hallway turn off and a siren blares loudly over the speakers. Dean doesn’t even have time to think, his migraine feels like it shatters in his head, and he crumples, covering his ears. He hears Cas’ shout of concern in the distance, but he’s too busy trying to breathe through the blinding pain that flares behind his eyelids and fills up his mouth with static, and makes him feel like he’s chewing on tinfoil.
They make a break for the roller coaster, running through the crowds and pushing their way through the line. He tries to ignore how much higher the rollercoaster seems this up close and he also is so grateful that he doesn't need to eat in heaven, otherwise he would definitely be throwing up. He tries and ignores the excited voices around them, as well as the sound of the angels closing in on them and running through the crowds yelling for Dean and Cas to stop.
"Dean we need to go... now!" Cas shouts, and just then another angel pulls themselves over the edge of the cart, the edge that was teetering over the drop. Cas glares at them, and kicks at them, hard. Their head flies back with the blow of Cas' foot connecting with their chin but they grip tightly to the ride, causing it to start to teeter even more dangerously over the edge. The angel quickly recovers and forces itself up onto the track, grabbing at Castiel. They begin to scuffle, and Dean can't help but yell this time when the rollercoaster starts moving again, but this time it is teetering backward.
“Do I know you from somewhere?” Dean suddenly asks as he feels a wave of recognition wash over him. “I feel like I know you from somewhere, which… I guess doesn’t make sense, since you’re an angel and all…”
“I know,” Cas says. “I have questions, I have doubts. I question why I should have to stifle souls as marvelous as yours, but it is my duty to follow orders. Well, now it’s not, but that is an angel’s job. To take orders and do as they are told. To be a soldier.”
Deep down though, Dean felt a strange connection to Cas. Which was a can of worms he wouldn’t even go near and look at.
“They have an astronautics program Dean!” Sam said, excitedly, looking over at Dean. Dean raises his eyebrows, looking over at Sam, who bushes and says, “I mean, I’ll probably take something like sociology or criminology since I want to go to law school, but this is so cool."
Cas raises his eyebrows and opens his eyes. “I will break the warding on the door after warding your soul from angelic frequencies, and then hold off the angels. You will run, straight to the end of the hall, take a left, and then up the stairs until the fourth floor. You will then get to room 4-788, and ask my friend Balthazar for help.”
“I don’t know if you understand this, considering you’re a hammer of God or whatever, but part of being human is the choices that we get to make. We get to fuck up, and do stupid shit, and be in pain. That’s what makes us human, right? Free will and all that? You’re taking away every human’s free will by forcing them to be some weird robot who lives in this weird fucked up loop. Don’t you see anything wrong with that?”
Sam takes a deep breath. “Jack and I are coming, okay? We’ll be at the bunker, you need to snap out of this Dean. We have a world to save.”
He sees Cas’ lip turn up and he’s giving Dean a smile. It’s a small one, but Dean can’t help but smile back.
He thinks of the Empty swallowing Cas whole and his breathing shudders. His phone is still ringing and Dean takes one more deep breath and answers it.
“I’m glad you have so much faith in me,” Dean mutters. “Of course I’ll keep talking to you, I’m not just gonna fuck off after you’ve helped me. This is the kind of thing that builds friendships Cas.”
There is silence on the end of the phone, and after a few beats, Sam replies. “What the hell is going on?”
It was strange, but Dean feels like he is missing something important. The sun flashes in his eyes again, and he blinks, hearing the sound of his name being screamed in desperation, and he remembers the sound of crunching metal.
He has a weird moment of recollection, as though he’s heard that name before. Maybe he found a book at Bobby’s that talked about Castiel, the angel. Which wasn’t all that far fetched considering all the weird shit Bobby collects in his house.
“I won’t let you fall,” Cas repeats, still with that tenderness in his voice that makes Dean’s stomach twist weirdly. “Do you trust me?”
These offices were different from the hallway he stumbled into when he was jumping from heaven to heaven. Instead, there was soft music playing over speakers that Dean couldn’t see, with flat, plain, grey carpet that made the hallways seem smaller. The walls were not white, but they weren’t beige either. They were that colour that sits in the in-between that every cheap apartment had. Along the halls were doors, but these were marked with numbers. Right now they were passing doors: 2-887 and Dean wondered vaguely wondered what was inside them.
Cas nods and takes a deep breath through his nose, closing his eyes again. He leans his head back revealing the long line of his neck and
“You call being forced to forget my memories and live in some constant loop, freedom? Maybe I don’t have to worry about taking care of my family, and maybe that is a big amount of freedom I thought I could never dream of. But that’s not true freedom if I can’t live to enjoy it. What is the point of all this, of my suffering on Earth, of every human’s suffering on Earth if we can’t live to see the true freedom of suffering that you’re telling me I get to experience?”
His plan is to try and find a heaven that will lead him to an exit. He figures it’s probably flawed, but he’s sure each heaven will lead him closer to what the angels called “the center of Heaven” and that’s where the exit clearly was.
He has been running from angels for what feels like days now. He’s been jumping from personal heaven to personal heaven, trying to stay one step ahead. Right now though, he knows he’s messed up. This heaven is a bunch of long corridors that intersect and end in weird places. He’s assuming this person’s heaven involves living in some weird horror mansion. So he’s been running and having to constantly backtrack because he keeps hitting dead ends. More importantly and worrisome, he can’t find the fucking exit.
Castiel sighs and starts walking towards him. He looks at the blade like it is just a butter knife, and not some weapon that could kill him with a good stab to the chest. Which of course, is not a comforting thought to Dean. The angels said that Castiel was a higher rank, did that mean a different weapon would kill him?
Castiel shakes his head. “That I can’t tell you, it’ll make it virtually impossible to remove your memories again.”
He freezes and feels the world fade into fogginess once more. He hears his brother’s voice, screaming his name desperately, begging,
“Then Cas… he… he made this deal with the Empty to save Jack, that when he was truly ha… happy it would take him,” Dean chokes out. “And… and then he told me all this sweet shit man. About how I’m not a hateful monster, and that instead I’m powered by love… and then he said he loved me… and the Empty fucking took him, Sam.” He starts to sob again, gripping his hair. He needs to smarten up, control himself. The world was ending.
Castiel sits down, adjusting his tie around his neck. He’s angry. He’s frustrated. He’s downright pissed. He should go down to the office and give Zachariah a piece of his mind about how ridiculous this change was. Castiel was a high ranking angel for crying out loud, he shouldn't be forced to travel down to Earth and gather the souls he'd be forced to clear of memories. There was enough work involved with trying to get the soul to rest at peace, he didn't need to also try and console the person he was working on.
Castiel meets Dean’s eyes and they hold eye contact for what feels like far too long. It’s intense, but Dean refuses to break. He is determined to make Castiel see that what is happening here is not right and that Dean deserves his freedom.
Then from the opposite direction, they heard more shouting and more footsteps and Dean realizes that the angels have cornered them in. He looks back at Cas with wide eyes, meeting the angel's blue eyes, and tries to get his hearing and breathing back. He personally, thinks it would be much better to face the angels head-on rather than go on that rollercoaster. Which is suicidal, but in his mind, it is more suicidal to try and go on that death trap.
He feels a hand on his shoulder and he looks up at Cas with wide eyes and Cas nods. "Dean, I need you to stand up, we're gonna have to jump for the door. I'm going to open it right now, and we're going to jump. We have to make it out before," he looks over the edge. "Before we get ambushed by two more angels." Cas' voice is being swallowed up by the wind, and he looks quite stunning, really, if Dean wasn't so petrified he probably wouldn't let himself think that way. Behind Cas, the ocean stretches out, and he's standing as a firm silhouette in the night sky. It's something Dean would definitely describe as angelic.
Dean wants to ask why that’s making Cas cradle his head and run his fingers through his hair like this. He can’t find the words though, and he figures it’s not worth his time to try and speak. So he closes his eyes again and fully relaxes, his head resting on the carpet.
He sees a shadow step around the corner, and he stands up straighter. He glares at the angel, and from what he can see it is a man, wearing a long, tan trench coat and an oversize suit jacket underneath. He has a blue tie but it’s askew, and his hair is messy. Dean isn’t sure if he can accurately guess the expression of the angel’s face, but it’s not one of anger, instead, it looks like annoyance.
“If I let you go,” Cas says, his voice firm. “It will disrupt the entire fabric of not only Heaven but humanity as well.”
Cas sighs and sits back. “Done, you’re warded,” he mutters and hands Dean back his shirt. Dean considers how fast Cas got the warding on him versus how long it took to fix the pain that the sirens had caused.
“Cas…” Dean chokes out. “Sammy… I…” he breathes, barely able to get two words out. He grips the phone tighter, trying to control the shaking in his hands. The room was so
Cas rolls his eyes and frowns. “You’re insufferable, give me a moment to try and help work out what is causing your headache.”
“Dean,” Cas starts and takes a deep breath, meeting Dean’s gaze once more, “if I do this… If I help you, I will fall. There will be no Heaven for me to go back to, I will be locked away in Heaven’s prison.”
“You are a soul that died in 2001, for example,” Cas says, looking back at Dean. Dean nods, to ensure that he can clearly grasp the concept of when he died. “Your heaven was created with memories from your childhood, so for you, and the angel guarding your door, your heaven was in 1989 give or take. Considering that you were ten when your adoptive father, Bobby Singer took you in.
They tumble over the edge of the rollercoaster, which then finally flies over and off the drop, but that doesn’t matter at this moment because they are flying through the air.
“I was considering that…” Cas says and steps back, frowning. “Something is wrong, they should have been alerted to our presence, and we’re not making that much ground because you’re slow.”
He hears screaming and the world collides back into him with the force of semi and oh god, oh god, is Sammy okay? The truck swerved into their lane… and then? Fuck Dean couldn’t remember. That doesn't matter right now though, since he hears his brother’s yelling, and he stands up, barely noticing how weightless he feels, and starts stumbling forward.
He chuckles darkly and looks back at Dean, giving him a sad smile. “So, she planted this seed in me, but it never really grew. Instead, I would just hate what I was doing but never could put my finger on why. Then, I was forced to clear your soul. So, Dean, I would have to say that you’re a big reason as to why I am doing this.”
“I’m essentially carving warding into your soul, kind of like… writing letters in your name. It’s more metaphysical, as in, you won’t be able to see it, but most angels will know what happened. It’ll help hide you from the angels, and at the same time, prevent you from being weakened by the sirens and prevent you from tapping into our communications.
Sam was flipping through a college booklet his face beaming at the various photos. He had received a full ride to Stanford, it made Dean proud. They were driving out there to meet with his advisor and get the tour of the school so he wouldn’t be a total fish out of water when he was there attending.
Dean grips the guardrail tight when they are finally seated in the roller coaster. He takes a shaky breath and looks at Cas, who nods reassuringly and then looks down at the angels who are standing at the very bottom of the ride, looking up at them with glares. They are in the clear, and Dean tries to take solace in that, that they would be off this ride soon enough.
Castiel sighs, and tilts his head up, looking up at the ceiling. Then he looks back directly at Dean, and steps closer. “This does not need to turn into a fight, one which you will lose. Just please come peacefully with me.”
Deep down, he knew it was insane to ask that question, all things considering. He just met the angel less than a day ago, and the angel was the reason he had lost his memories in the first place. Cas was an angel, and his duty was to follow the plan of Heaven. Why should Dean trust him?
“No, I’m not okay Sammy,” he manages to choke out past his tear shut throat. “Cas told me he loved me and then the Empty took him.”
Dean swallows. “Hard to explain Sam, it all happened so damn fast. Billie was after us, she wanted to kill me. Cas locked us in a room with warding, but we both knew that wasn’t gonna stop her,” he breathes, at least he can say this calmly. But immediately, his eyes fill with tears.
“I told you, technically I am a warrior of Heaven but… through… changes,” Cas mutters, “we are now considered guardians.”
The world shimmers around him and Dean is standing on an empty road. There is no sign of the Impala and no sign of Sam. "Sammy?" he calls out into the darkness, and he begins running, "Sammy!" he screams.
Then the rollercoaster stops altogether and Dean whimpers. The air is whistling through his hair, in the distance, he can hear waves crashing over the ocean, and as he looks, he can see the entirety of the fair.
Cas gives him an incredulous look and breathes heavily through his nose. “Oh that’s a great plan, except there’s one problem Dean, you don’t have a body. You can’t just go and see your brother because you would be a spirit on Earth. You are nothing but a soul here, and your brother would not see you.”
Dean laughs softly, switching the cassette tape in the tape deck. He can't help but catch  Sam’s infectious mood. There was nothing he enjoyed more than driving on the open road with his brother. It was his happy place, and to see Sam so happy after so long of being so sad he couldn’t help but feel the joy bubbling out of him.
“Holy… holy shit, holy shit holy shit holy shit,” Dean says as he tries and catches his breath and looks up at Cas. Cas is gripping the exit handle, the door swung open in the middle of the damn night sky and shining light on his face, one that held a look of complete concentration. Cas is breathing heavy, gripping Dean tightly while trying to pull them through the door.
Dean smiles and nods, following Castiel back out of the maze of halls he originally got lost in. He feels like something monumental just happened, and he can’t put words to it.
Cas gives him a sad smile and nods. “You’re surprisingly smart for a human,” he says, giving Dean one more backhanded compliment. “Please find your brother, and don’t worry about me.”
Castiel drops Dean’s wrists and shoves his hands in his pockets. He starts fidgeting and Dean frowns but doesn’t try to run. Cas was right, there was no way he was getting out of here without help, and Cas seems like he’s willing to help.
Cas smirks, and nods. "I am aware, you had a lot of memories about your father," he says and walks to the door, removing the warding. “We should get moving, we will start to be hunted by the angels now, considering that I haven’t come back with you and you’ve been hidden for a few hours. The angels will get suspicious of your whereabouts as well as mine.”
“Holy shit Cas!” Dean shouts again, and Cas pulls them through the exit, shutting it tight behind them. They roll across a clean, grey, carpeted floor like the ones in an office building.
“I won’t let you fall,” Cas repeats, still with that tenderness in his voice that makes Dean’s stomach twist weirdly. “Do you trust me?”
Castiel blinks and his look of incredulous confusion turns into one of outright disbelief. “Okay, so you’re on Earth, you find your body. Then what? It’s in the ground right now, it is rotting. You were killed in a car accident, and it wouldn’t do you much good--”
Cas opens the door and walks out, his back taut. He is clearly on high alert, Dean admires that, maybe Cas was right and angels were actually soldiers. Which was strange to Dean, all things considering. What was the need for fighting if the only thing you had to subdue was human souls?
“You’re such a geek you know that?” He says and laughs, and then glares into the high beams coming directly at them. The semi swerves—
Sammy is laid out on a stretcher, his neck in a brace. His head is bleeding pretty badly, and his arm is wrapped in a sling.
He stares over the edge and then back at Cas and shakes his head. He’s gripped by panic, and there is no way that he can let go of the edges of his seat to stand up in their car. Not to mention that they were on a very strong angle, and Dean was certain if he stood up he would fall out of the other side.
He shrugs, looking back at the road. There are headlights heading toward them on the two-lane highway. He turns off the high beams of the Impala so he doesn’t blind the driver. He tries to ignore how they haven’t though and squints into the oncoming traffic.
Dean laughs and shrugs. “Who would have thought, huh? Apparently, death isn’t enough to remove my irrational fear of heights and machinery that I can’t control.”
At least Sam knew he loved him before he died, and that was different, that was brotherly love. This pain? It was so much worse.
Cas shakes his head, and runs a hand through his already messy hair, and stands up. He seems a little shaky but he looks at Dean. “Do you need help up? You seem pretty scared still.”
He takes a deep breath and tries to feel the weight of the angel blade in his hand, to get more comfortable with it. He stands firm refusing to let his fear make him go down without a fight. He’s determined to at least try and get away from Castiel because at least that way he can say he went down while fighting.
Dean frowns and looks down at himself. He felt completely real, what was this man getting at? That he was just a soul?
“Then you can do whatever you want to me. You can erase my memories again, or you could send me to hell. I don’t care, but please just help me get back to my brother. I promise you I won’t cause any problems after that,” Dean finishes. He says each word with conviction because he truly means them.
Dean sighs and nods. “Yeah, guess it’s time for us to get a move on. How much time has elapsed on Earth, anyway? For all I know, Sammy could be thirty right now. Time feels weird here.”
Dean hangs up the phone and hangs his head. He presses his palms back into his eyes and he sobs again. His whole world crumbling around him.
A wave of sadness washes over him as he remembers Bobby, he wonders how the old man is handling his death. He assumes probably with a handle of whiskey.
Castiel snaps his fingers and the lights in the hallway turn back on, and he stops about six feet from Dean. He holds his hands up, palms facing forward, and tilts his head squinting at him. “I mean you no harm, Dean Winchester,” Castiel says and Dean is thrown off by his voice.
He gives Sam the side-eye and chuckles at Sam’s look of disapproval. “In what world is jumping off a balcony fun?” Sam deadpans, his voice disapproving but also teasing.
“I figured it was the right thing to do,” Cas says softly. “You’re also annoying, and your voice was getting on my nerves and I needed you to stop talking.”
“It’s the only way you’re going to get out of here, if you stay and fight with me we will both be captured.”
“You said something about the structure of Heaven… if you and I took it down, would you still fall?” Dean asks, he’s grasping at straws now.
“Not to mention that this heaven is also heavily watched, considering how many souls are here. That means there are tons of guardians outside the doors but also within the limits. Otherwise it would be very difficult to keep these souls docile and asleep. This fair is an incredible power source, and from what I can sense, the door we entered through is now blocked off.”
He freezes, all around them there’s wreckage, with scattered glass spread across the highway. The Impala is caved in on one side, the windshield is completely gone. There is a semi a few feet away, it’s windows cracked. He sees a driver sitting on the side of the road, his head in his hands.
“You’re very observant,” Cas replies, leading them to a doorway. They enter into the corridor of Heaven and Dean ignores the creepy feeling that runs up his spine. “Time is… well, for one thing, a human invention so it doesn’t have use up here in Heaven. There is no point in calculating the passage of time for most angels because we are eternal. However, we can manipulate the passage of time up here as well, it doesn’t run the same as it does on Earth because it changes depending on each soul.”
He takes a shaky breath as he takes in the ride. Dean has never been a fan of heights, that’s one of the main reasons he’s in this mess in the first place. He couldn’t take a plane to California because he’s terrified of flying. When he’s not in control of the death vehicle he doesn’t feel safe.
He feels it wash over him over and over again, each sob coming out harder, stronger. He hasn’t cried like this in forever. Hell, he thinks the last time he cried like this was when Sam died the very first time. He had been so lost, so broken. This time it felt stronger, more difficult.
He hates himself for that. But there was so much happening, how was he supposed to process all that information in one moment? They had such little time, and Dean could barely grasp the fact that it was a goodbye.
Dean, it shouldn’t be this easy to get to my office. We should be fighting angels every step of the way because there is nowhere here that they can’t find us. I was just banking on us being one step ahead of them, and managing to avoid most of them by moving quickly, which, as I stated earlier is not happening because you are slow.”
Dean considers that for a moment. “Mainly my head, but my shoulder and back are also killing me. My main concern is the migraine I’m feeling though.”
But… on the other hand, Cas was helping him. He was rebelling and risking losing his whole stature and prestige in Heaven. He was in turn being hunted by angels because he was a traitor for protecting Dean. He was helping Dean because he felt bad for him and he wanted him to find his brother. Cas was trying to restore the free will of not only Dean but also of all the other human souls that rested in Heaven. Dean would never have made it even remotely this far if it weren’t for Cas helping him.
“Dean?!” Sam shouts, panicked and Dean closes his eyes. “What the hell?! I’ve been calling you for over an hour, what the hell is going on!? Are you and Castiel alright?!”
“I can’t transport us both to the exit,” Cas mutters, looking over the edge at the fastly approaching angels. He says a word in a language that Dean can't recognize, but it sounds an awful lot like it's meant to be a curse word and looks back at Dean. "We're gonna have to fight them," he says and uses his crazy angel strength to pry open the guardrail and stands up, his angel blade sliding out of his sleeve. “We just need to make it to the top, it should take approximately 30 seconds…”
“Don’t worry about it!” Bobby responds in his gruff voice, catching the ball and then pitching it back to him.
He spits out blood, and he looks back at Cas. “Looks like they figured out how to catch us off guard,” he says and smiles, seeing Cas’ eyes widen and then the room goes black.
Dean grazes his thumb over Cas’ jaw again, making Cas wince. “Yeah, somehow that doesn’t convince me.”
Dean nods dismissively. It wasn’t like it was a hardship, giving him the water. He tries again. “What’s your name?”
She spares a glance back at Dean, who tracks her with his eyes. There’s something broken in him. No will. Slowly, as if comforting a frightened animal, Dean places his hand over her forearm.
The room is silent. For all of Dean Winchester’s bravado and bluster, Castiel is right in assuming it can be pulled back like a veneer.
“I felt his blood on my cheek! I was staring up at him!” Jess turns to face Dean. Her heartbeat seems louder than normal. “You don’t know what I went through!”
Dean opens one eye, tracking Cas as he lays his head against the pillow one more time. There’s a quiet reverence between them, something fragile.
Every Saturday from 8 AM to 12 PM, the Lebanon Farmer’s Market is open for business. It draws a fair crowd, most people trying to get their share of fresh vegetables before the frost sets in and makes everyone hunker down. And it’s lively, in a way, where every seller has their regulars that they chat with for a moment here and there. Good fun and clean living. Most feel invigorated during these four hours.
Cas turns to his left. Dean Winchester has a grin on his face and a plate of sliced bread in one of his hands.
He couldn’t save Cas like he can’t save anyone else. Each and every one of his nightmares ends up with him staring at Cas—blue eyes filled with tears, a content smile on his face—and thinking how it wasn’t supposed to end this way.
Dean feels Cas staring down at him with a smile, but he can’t bear to look. The skin hunger has ebbed by now, but the embarrassment of letting Cas—letting anyone—see him like this still lingers.
Dean can’t respond, is incapable of responding. He trusts Cas with his life, but something about this still itches under his skin—like he doesn’t deserve it. Not this.
. The pain is enough for him to gesture dismissively while gritting out, “Nope. It’s almost ready. Go sit back down.”
“I—no.” The words are out of Cas’ mouth before he can think about it, a litany of thoughts running through his head and taking up any ability to form coherent sentences.
Dean draws back, moving his hands up to frame Cas’ face. If Cas was a better man, he wouldn’t lean into it. But he isn’t. The touch burns, but maybe Cas will have the strength to suffer; he hopes to God he does.
Cas feels something nudge at the gap between his hands, startling him. He looks down to see Dean’s right hand slide into his—palm to palm, fingers interlocking. The baker’s thumb is slowly drawing little circles across the top, the action far more soothing than Cas will admit.
He leans his head back against the wall, blinking back more tears. There’s an emptiness in the room that’s slowly suffocating him.
The words blanket them with comfortable silence, though Dean’s cheeks become increasingly redder. The man tucks his face into the softness of Cas’ shoulder.
“Me? What about you?” Cas’ voice is incredulous. The urge to shake the other man is almost undeniable.
Cas looks up from the mug to watch Dean watching him. Dean’s hand has not left his back; it leaves a warmth that shakes Cas to his core—it’s like something he didn’t know he needed. Dean rubs his hand across the back a few times, the weight both a comfort and something very peculiar.
All right, then. Cas pushes himself away from the counter and opens his pantry. Glass jars filled with different types of honey line the shelves. A bit of pride fills Cas’ chest—this, this is his calling. And the bees love him.
Sighing to himself, Cas presses his hands together, trying to get some warmth back into his hands after the ride over here. The scooter is perhaps impractical for this type of weather, but Cas can’t deny that the crate fits perfectly on the rack he’s built for the back. And he’s nothing if not stubborn.
“You’re my buddy. Of course I want you to be okay.” Dean gestures at Cas. “I mean, look at today—you rode that scooter and almost froze to death.”
He has to start all over again. He tries to make friends. He really does. But he’s got scraped knees and old clothing from thrift stores and a raggedy backpack that looks like it’s gone through better days.
Dean Winchester wakes up late. It’s unusual for him, this slow stretch of his body instead of the gasping breaths he’s become accustomed to over the years after nightmares and loud noises. His body’s used to being a tight string, one pull away from snapping. But this is different now.
Sometimes he thinks about how Bobby mourned Karen, how he cried and screamed. A bastardization of a traditional Daoist funeral, like so many of the things he does.
“I wouldn’t leave without saying thank you,” Castiel says, a deadpan look on his face. “I got food. It’s not much, I’m sorry.”
, all the space between them is Cas’ doing. Because if Cas is honest, he loves Dean Winchester. He loves Dean fucking Winchester with the grey in his beard and his crow’s feet around his eyes and the surety with which he carries himself.
She remembers how she would ask about Dean, finding out about Sam's brother in the most asinine way—through a photo shoved in a box very back in the closet.
A moment passes, then Cas steps back. If Dean is not ready, then Cas’ll wait; after all, he’s been alive for millennia. He can wait a while longer.
Any person looking at both Dean and Cas would probably just see two men being friendly with each other. However, Cas feels like he might explode. Calling Dean kind, calling him charismatic was dead wrong. Dean Winchester is a menace.
Jess looks at Dean in that moment, both of them vulnerable in the fact that something very different could have happened. But they’re here now, dealing with the consequences. It wasn’t Jess, but somehow she feels like it should have been.
Cas could rationalize it in the beginning by saying that is how Dean shows affection. Platonic, a budding friendship even. But the things the baker does slowly start to get more and more bizarre.
Castiel mulls it over even as he seeks revelation, even after the stares of his brothers and sisters follow him, leading him down to a park bench covered in snow.
“Easy.” Cas’ voice is a rumble. “Stop thinking you think you don’t deserve this. We’re here. We’re alive. We’re real.”
“You want absolution, forgiveness.” The words are an echo in the quiet room. Such weight they hold. “It is not in my power to give you this.”
Cas watches Dean like a hawk as the baker sips at the tea. He’s adamant that he’ll get Dean to start taking care of himself—first with Dean already conking out on Cas’ sofa after he drives them both back to the house and now with his voice. Even if Dean still thinks it isn’t much of a problem.
“No, it’s not. Besides, you owe me.” Cas is trying to think quickly on his feet. “You promised me pie. And you’re giving away my bread.”
It seems so vivid now, the last moments she has—Sam stuffing his shirts in a duffel bag, his tone exasperated. Him ducking down to give her a kiss on her temple.
Cas presses a kiss gently into Dean’s hairline. There’s wetness on Dean’s cheeks, the man’s eyes screwed shut in order to avoid the tears. He’s shaking.
The next sentence doesn’t really surprise him though. “I lost them, I’m sorry.” It’s such a blatant lie that Cas is surprised by himself.
For the first time, Castiel—Cas—feels hunger. He has felt so many things over the past couple of months, but none so deeply as this. It’s different than before— this want has never been this deep, this ravenous. He wants, he
So Cas is right. Dean Winchester will—certifiably, absolutely—be the death of him. At this point it’s just a matter of whether it’s quick or slow.
Cas tries to speak. Again, nothing’s coming out. He’s standing there, unmoving, and just staring at Dean Winchester. A Dean Winchester who’s still looking at him very earnestly, green eyes questioning.
Dean reaches out and tousles Sam’s hair. It’s getting longer, and Dean has tried everything to stop John from cutting it. Sam seems happier with it.
He doesn’t want to leave, not really. Everyone always leaves. But he didn’t expect himself to be the one going this time.
Sam knocks one fist against the library door frame, parsing out words. Finally, all he says is, “Okay. I’m going out. Call me if you need me.”
One part of him is telling him to stick by the baker’s side, the other part is yelling at him for being this gullible. To withdraw for the sake of his sanity.
Then they cover him in a blanket, shift him around, and it hurts. It hurts to move, it hurts to speak.
A second passes before Dean recognizes Castiel, drawing back and running a hand down his face. A wince, then, as Dean forgets the open wounds.
The words are past her lips before she can stop them. “So if you hunt monsters, why didn’t you stop the one that killed Sam?”
Cas reaches for another jar of honey, setting it down in front of Dean. “You drink this with tea. It’ll help.”
Dean shifts closer; their legs touch now, a point of contact that makes Cas glance down. If Dean won’t say anything about it, then Cas isn’t going to bring it up either.
Dean doesn’t want to tell Sam the truth. Sam’s looking at the floor, hands still steady, but almost sad and angry.
Instead, he sticks the incense in the rice, the smoke trails just thick enough to cling to everything. Sam does the same.
The comment makes Cas look up from his thermos. He gives a quizzical look to Dean. “How did you know about the cold weather?”
There’s a moment between Dean’s final words and Cas’ decision. He crosses over the other side of the table, brushing shoulders and placing his hand over Dean’s. “I slice, you drink. It’s not going to kill you, I’ve put too much honey in it for that.”
But back to the main task at hand. Cas squints, tilting his head and pondering a little. Dean likes—he likes something.
Continuing, Cas remarks, “It is shameful, to me particularly, that after all the hard work I went to after to rebuild this body, you seem intent on harming it.”
Cas is staring at him. No matter how many years later, there’s still something otherworldly about the ex-angel. Even without his grace. Even that he’s human now. Cas raises his hand, settling it on Dean’s cheek and running his fingers through Dean’s hair. It’s getting longer now.
But this? How can he mourn something he didn’t used to believe in? Someone he didn’t believe used to exist? The simple answer is that he can’t.
There’s a beat of silence, neither one of them knowing what to say. It stretches out over both of them, somehow fragile and also too heavy. Jess can’t meet Dean's eyes.
He leans forward to brush his lips against Dean’s temple again, slowly, while watching Dean do a full body shudder. “You are most vulnerable here. Most tender. It is the place that most return to when showing affection.”
It’s at least a start. Dean’s touch is still a wildfire though—Cas is almost sure he’ll burn from it. The baker’s hands fall away as he looks through the window.
hey y'all! i know there are only four of you sticking with this and i thank you so much! finals took me out but here's a new update!
Which is why Cas is currently looking solemnly at the other stall. It’s been a week and two hours since Dean told him he was bringing a pie to the market. But it didn’t seem like Dean had done that; it make Cas marginally more happy, thinking that the awkward transactions even a year into knowing each other were going to stop.
“Like what?” Dean sounds confused. He shifts in his seat. There’s the look in his eyes that Cas can’t place.
Neither one of them acknowledges that he’s going to Eileen. And while Dean’s happy that Sam got his happy ending, he can’t ignore this gaping maw inside of him. It twists inside of him, leaving him heavy-limbed, slow. Like he’s underwater.
“I’m not sure—” Cas said, already reaching for the bread to draw it back in, when Dean interrupts him.
He’s definitely regretting past Cas’ decision now. He’s going to drop everything—months worth of harvesting and care—in just a few moments.
“Are you so afraid to voice it? That it will disappear the moment you speak it into existence?” Cas ponders. Maybe this is it; Dean’s want conflated with his need to be seen, all wrapped up in the idea that he does not deserve it.
It's not long before she’s pounding on the window, looking at a curled up Dean Winchester. His chest rises slightly, though the puff of air he exhales can be seen.
It takes her a while for her vision to stop swimming and figure out who they are. Green eyes, freckles.
“I was there! I saw him too!” They’re nose to nose now, stepping closer to each other in rage. “That
He can do this. He’s sure he can do this. Buddy’s fine. Buddy still means friend. Buddy means that Cas is still in Dean’s life, which he wants. Right?
The beekeeper always tugs it closer to him, the weight a comforting thing. He would say it’s the closest Cas has gotten to a hug, but then again, Dean is the
Eyes burning, he blinks away the tears blurring his vision. He remembers—he remembers bits and fragments.
Of course, that doesn’t mean that it’s any less infuriating. He’s in a car with Dean Winchester and Dean Winchester is kind and handsome and there’s nothing he can do about it.
Cas hefts Dean closer to him, turning both of them over so Dean is lying on his back, half covered by Cas’ body.
Cas frowns a little bit. “Not particularly. If you think about it, time is relative to the person experiencing it. What’s long for you might not be long for me.”
The honey is stacked in crystal-clear jars, and if the sun hits it just right, everything fractures to leave a soft warm glow on the table. The beekeeper smiles softly. This, this is what he loves about being at the market. This is what makes it special.
“Better let me fix this real quick,” he murmurs, ducking down under the table and pulling a multipurpose pocket knife from his back pocket.
To distract himself, he moves over the dresser, rearranging clothing. Tucking things in that have already been tucked in. He hears the water shut off. A few minutes later Castiel emerges with wet hair.
Cas nods along, still more focused on getting warm. Dean puts the tin on the dash before unscrewing and handing over one of the cups to Cas. “Careful,” he warns, “it’s going to be hot.”
Castiel steps back. The change is immediate—Dean rocks forward, a product of exhaustion, even as he’s gripping the sheets. Castiel tilts his head, examining the man before him. A second passes before Castiel is gone, leaving Dean in his wake.
“Hey Cas.” Dean’s voice is gentle. Cas immediately raises the mug to him, slightly shuddering as their fingers brush each other.
The way the other man says his name—softly, gently—makes Dean aware of how tightly he’s clinging to Castiel. He draws back, an apologetic look on his face. Pats Castiel’s shoulder in a half-hearted way.
Usually he takes the bed closest to the door. Habit, he supposes, after all those years shifting around whenever his dad lost a job. You didn’t know what would happen and it was better to be closer to the danger anyway, especially if he was going to protect Sammy.
Dean reaches for the umbrella, signaling hurriedly for Cas to stay put before he opens the door and dashes around to the other side.
Cas is a bit struck. He ducks down beneath the table for his supply in only to wordlessly hand it to Dean. He watches as the other man explains the different tastes and drizzles a generous amount of honey onto a thick slab of bread.
Cas leans in again, whispering against Dean’s lips, “Don’t you ever forget it,” before he kisses him again.
Dean doesn’t wake up gently this time. There are nightmares and other things that he will never get completely rid of. And even now—when he is safe and well-rested and the world isn’t ending—that hasn’t changed.
Dean flicks open the lighter. Beckoning his brother over, he places three incense sticks into his hand before wrapping his fingers around the base. “Both hands,” he says as a reminder.
Dean makes the car swerve off the road, tires dragging against the gravel. Jess tugs at the handle, desperately trying to exit the car before falling down to the ground and dry heaving.
Dean wants to say no. He wants to draw back, run away. His heart beats faster. His eyes widen. Yet, the constant is Cas, here.
“Make yourself at home,” Cas calls out, and that feels right too. The beekeeper disappears into the kitchen, pulling out ham and cheese and crepe batter. It’s early enough that breakfast food is still permissible.
Pain blossoms across Dean’s shoulder and he’s trying to get up quickly, even as John’s there with his usual shotgun. The area burns, very likely already forming a bruise.
He first claps Cas on the shoulder, brushes hands when dropping off his latest breads. It makes something warm bloom inside Cas, though he’s quick to tamp that down.
Something heavy drapes over her shoulders. It smells like Dean and she finally realizes it’s his leather jacket. It fits her just right; her hands grasp it wildly.
Cas makes to step forward—to clear the dishes, maybe to stare at that smile for a longer—when his foot catches on one of the honey jars. The beekeeper flails, trying to keep his balance.
Cas can’t quite reach it, fingertips grasping at the edges of the bottle. “I’m glad,” he huffs, stepping closer. Finally!
The press of Dean’s lips against his is not an electric shock; it’s something warm and inviting. It’s a slow slide into oblivion. Cas doesn’t want it to end, even as Dean tilts his head a fraction more, deepening the kiss and licking his way into Cas’ mouth. The baker draws his hands up into Cas’ hair, making it more disheveled than usual.
The beekeeper’s resolve breaks down a little, just watching the other man completely still. Of all the bad decisions that Cas has made, this probably ranks highest.
Dean is half-way to shaking his head when Cas’ fingers press down further, slowly kneading the back of Dean’s neck.
People start to slowly file out of the viewing room, leaving just her and an empty coffin, when she notices someone slinking around in the back.
“Is it this?” Cas asks, drawing his hand away before gripping Dean’s jaw. It makes Dean look directly at Cas, to understand that Cas means what he’s saying.
The ground quakes, disorientating him. He calls out for Cas. But there’s no answer. A second time, a third time, but still nothing.
Dean sinks further into the mattress, even as Cas keeps up the motion. Dean’s breathing starts slowing down, almost as if he’s going back to sleep. It’s so different—this Dean—knowing that something has changed. That the man who couldn’t sleep without aid, who had nightmares, is now spending time under the covers.
A few tears trickle down her cheeks; Jess raises her palm up to wipe at them. “I know you said no, but I need to know. I need to. please.”
Dean wants to say something, though the words rattle in chest, stick to the top of his mouth. “Fuck you.”
Dean’s stuck. Frozen. California is off-limits, especially because he knows Sam’s there. And Sam ran away. Sam left.
They both look down at the map. Dean tap-tap-taps his hand against the table, his ring seemingly the only noise in the diner.
for the first time in a while. There’s a bit of a swaying motion that follows as Cas tries to maintain his balance. “Oh.”
Dean’s frozen, hands outstretched in a supplicant manner, all innocent. Except jess knows better. Because she had talked to Sam the day before, had heard his voice. She would have saved it if she had known.
Her voice breaks on the last word. There’s no fight anymore, only this overwhelming wave of sadness. If she had known, she wouldn’t have let Sam leave.
“Warmth.” Dean turns the key in the ignition. “Dry spot.” He points to the roof. “And—” he reaches back to pull out a tin and a thermos, “biscotti and cocoa.”
What a fucking joke it is, having to look at this reminder. Having to realize over and over again that Dean living meant Cas’ death.
He’s always been the fixer—the one who tried to keep their patchy life together. Keep them alive. The one thing is he’s never been around one place long enough to face the consequences of him going after something he wants.
This is stolen rice and the well-worn photo that he keeps in his wallet. Dean thinks of Mazu, the sea goddess. Thinks of how they traveled from motel to motel, a wide open sea of grass, and how if she protected sailors on their journey, maybe she could protect him.
“I’m not one to impose.” Castiel responds softly. “You graciously gave me room last night. I’m not going to ask you to do that again. Besides, I have somewhere to be.”
Dean has never looked more pentinent than he does right now—eyes fixed on Castiel’s face, unwavering—than in the time since Castiel dragged him out of Hell.
, she thinks, but she can’t find her words. Sam enters the room—content, satisfied—and flips on the bed.
So Dean goes along with it, drowning in ill-fitted clothes and shivering from the cold. His dad says the monster hunts children. And he has to wait. Stay still.
“You absolute scumbag,” Jess spits out, “he was supposed to come back. He was only supposed to be gone a few days. What the hell did you do?”
His hand brushes against something soft—Cas’ hair—before trailing down to his jaw. Up close, Dean can see how drained Cas is. The way his tired expression mirrors Dean’s.
See, Castiel Novak covets Dean Winchester’s bread. And Dean Winchester does not know that. Cas refuses to tell him, especially because he knows that Dean will milk it for all it’s worth.
Maybe—just maybe—if Dean is this much of a self-sacrificing person, Cas can take care of the baker too.
.” Cas’ voice takes on a sarcastic tone even as he pitches it like Dean’s. Cas’ natural register is lower than Dean’s, but something’s different today. Is he sick?
“Do you not trust me, Dean Winchester? Is your faith in me that shaken? After all we’ve been through?”
Before Dean can say anything, the waitress arrives—big smile, bright lipstick. “Welcome to Maria’s! What can I get for you?” Her gaze falls expectantly on Castiel.
It’s there—in this seventh day of mourning, in his dimly-lit room—that he decides on something. He wants Cas back. He’s going to get Cas back.
Sammy is still babbling to himself when they walk back into the motel room. He tumbles to his knees, already walking, and toddles over to Dean.
“I don’t mean it like that!” Dean blurts everything out, dragging one hand through his hair. “I mean, I got a motel room. A hot shower, a bed. It’ll be below freezing tonight. Don’t make me keep driving thinking you’re dead.”
“Interesting.” Cas draws away to look at Dean—to look at him fully—like the way he did in Hell. He can’t see Dean’s soul anymore, but there’s still something about the man that makes him shine just as bright. “Since I’ve known you—in all the time I’ve known you—we tend to run circles around this one thing. Worthiness. But this isn’t about that.”
They stare at each other for a long minute, disappointment in Jess’ face and a pleading look in Dean’s. Jess shakes her head. This isn’t worth the ghosts in the room.
In those days, the smoke from the joss paper made his eyes water, even though they were on the balcony with fresh air.
Dean’s proud of what he does. He takes care of people, he protects them. But it doesn’t stop the stares and the laughs.
Castiel tilts his head. There’s a moment of silence that stretches out longer than Dean is comfortable with. It’s like all the air has disappeared.
Dean takes a breath, closing his eyes, as an unwanted memory starts to pop up. There isn’t time for that.
But then, in the moments that it happens, Dean lingers in hugs longer than Cas expects. Makes sure to press his hand into the expanse of Cas’ back whenever he passes by the beekeeper’s booth. On one momentous occasion that Cas
After the weather shifts, Dean starts driving by his house to pick him up in Baby. Dean’s leather jacket—which Cas has learned is revered, is an heirloom from his mother—finds its place in Cas’ shoulders more often than not.
A numb feeling overwhelms him. Stepping out of the abandoned house, opening the car door and driving to the crossroads—all of it is a blur.
Eventually, it will be time to get up, time to face the day. But for now, for just this five minutes, both of them can have this.
There’s a distinct furrow between Sam’s brow that will stay there for the rest of his life. Sammy tugs one of Dean’s hands towards him and places a kiss directly into his palm in exactly the same way the book Dean read to him earlier had it.
When the healing is done and the light gone, Castiel doesn’t remove his hand. Instead, he keeps it there. It’s interesting what the touch does to Dean. The man’s eyes are still closed, lips slightly parted, as he sways a little.
“Don’t want anything, didn’t you hear? Dead inside, that’s me.” Dean laughs, a pale imitation of the real thing.
run with this heavy of a box. There’s really only one thing to do. Cas shifts so the box is secure, then starts speed-walking. It must look funny, but he can only think about getting to his booth before it really starts to pour. The raindrops are really starting to fall now; Cas blinks as several hit his face.
The kiss is a hot line of fire—burning, burning, burning—and Dean thinks of Hell for the first time. It doesn’t stop plaguing him.
Cas is relatively dry, but his hair is damp and the temperature is just the right side of cold to make Cas shiver.
The banging wakes him up, body jackknifing in an attempt to be alert. Only after a few seconds does he shake his head and roll down the window.
Dean claps one hand over Cas’ shoulder. The warmth soaks into the fabric of Cas’ sweater, something that Cas appreciates
God said not to covet and didn’t say anything about it applying to angels. Cas thinks about this perhaps more than he should.
“I liked it! It was—good.” Somehow, this is the only descriptor that Cas can come up with on the spot. He wants to slap himself upside the head.
“Fuck that.” Jess clenches her hands. The motion leaves red marks in her skin, four perfect crescent moon shapes on either side. “Sam is gone. He's gone. And he shouldn’t be, so tell me.”
Dean swallows before shaking his head. The silence between them stretches out again, almost unbearable on the road.
Castiel tilts his head, squints at Dean. The prolonged eye contact makes Dean shift from one foot to another.
It takes mere seconds for Dean to come back to Cas. The baker reaches out to press the frozen bag to Cas’ lip, but Cas stops him, steps back.
“Did you?” Jess steels herself, opens her eyes only to stare down Dean. Something breaks in her. Maybe it’s her past self.
The voice is rough, sleep-worn and just barely awake. Dean turns his head to look at Cas. The other man is half-asleep, eyes squinting to keep out light and hair smushed from the pillow. It’s hard, sometimes, to remember that he can have this, that it’s not going to be taken away.
Force of habit, maybe. But Cas is going to be damned if Dean Winchester gets anything more out of him than usual.
They stand there, perhaps a few minutes, maybe hours. Jess harshly inhales, trying to stop crying. There’s nothing left to give.
Cas gives a small smile. It’s just for Dean, this look. He drags his hand down Dean’s shoulder—bare skin to bare skin—until he finds Dean’s hand. The calluses there are borne from hard work and grit. A good life.
In Chinese, there’s two ways to say death. But Dean has always used 過世. The meaning is such a clear-cut passing from Earth, even though for Dean, death doesn’t really matter. They always come back. And even then, Cas and him have always done that together—in Hell, in Purgatory. When they’ve been separated, they’ve always found their way back to each other.
Castiel’s voice is still low when he continues. “It is not in my power to give you this, but I forgive you. I forgive you although it is not needed.”
Cas is sitting at his booth, two hands wrapped around a travel mug. He likes the quiet; there’s something completely innocuous about it. Peaceful, almost.
It’s been a long time since he’s been touched without the intent to harm. Somewhere along the way, that’s changed. If a younger version of him could see himself now, he wouldn’t believe it.
Before he can stop himself, he’s grabbing the jar from his pantry—apple honey—and shoves it towards Dean. “Here. As a thank you, since you’re always talking about apple pie.”
He thinks maybe there’s something wrong when the most contact he’s ever had with other people usually comes in the form of flinging him across the room.  When it’s something that is expected now.
, and there’s certainly no way in hell he’s going back on it now. But it’s—it’s something else, this hungry maw inside of him; before, he thought he could tamp it down, use other coping methods.
Dean gives Castiel another glance, deciding in that moment to do something rash. “You wanna come with me?”
It’s like any other day. Dean is in the bunker corridor outside his room when he notices the angel. Booking it back to his room is not an option, though he tries.
Now, though, now they’ve got work to do. And where Dean is planning on going, he’s not going to go without asking for protection. So here they are.
Dean Winchester shoves two loaves onto the table and retreats hastily back to his own booth. Cas looks down, slow from sleep deprivation, and finally figures out what Dean has just given him.
Somehow, with Cas here right now, it feels right. And yet, it feels like something Dean can’t talk about. He clears his throat, shifting in his seat like he can’t get comfortable.
