He took Rosie out of her highchair, and soothed her against his shoulder until she quieted. Some part of John watched himself go through the motions, calming his child, returning her to the chair and giving her a colorful plastic spatula to bang against the table while he cleaned up the spilled cereal and tea. He moved on autopilot, peeling half a banana and mashing it smooth, then giving it to Rosie by the spoonful; she was much more enthusiastic about this offering and opened for each bite with a little ‘ah!’ of enjoyment.
John was unexpectedly amused by Sherlock’s suspicious reaction. “He wanted to tell me he’s happy I’m back.”
As the paramedics got their patient on a stretcher and prepared for transport, John started to have trouble hearing their words over a roaring in his ears.
John, in his wisdom, had offered his hand for inspection and manipulation almost as soon as the service began and that had occupied Sherlock for a bit, since he was sitting on the other side which meant it was the hand he hadn’t had a chance at yet. But that was hours, ages, eternity ago! How long did it take to say “Do you? Yes. Do you? Yes. Sign here.” No, people had to drown in sentiment and flowery language and waste entire years of people’s lives blathering on when said people could be dragging their infuriating flatmate somewhere quiet to demand explanations. And possibly kisses.
"And there's why I hide the clip to my gun. You still haven't fixed the wall." John turned nonchalantly away from Sherlock, hoping he had not already given away that the clip was in his pocket. John knew better than to hide it in the flat where there was the slightest chance Sherlock could find it.
“No, Sherlock, just now I don’t want to... just go, Sherlock. Go home, get some sleep.” John pressed the button to lower the head of the bed; when he was laid flat again, he heaved onto his side, back turned to his friend. Silence fell for another moment, then a tentative hand landed on his shoulder. He shook it off.
) John’s smile spread over his whole face and into his hairline, where his hair was a tousled mess. Sherlock’s face split into a smile, too. He blew out a long breath through his nose, and suddenly they were both laughing. Chests heaving, mouths open, they laughed their joy and relief that this moment existed.
Sherlock took a moment to consider. His initial reaction was to refuse, dramatically rebuke John for even suggesting such a thing, and storm off to his room to sulk for a few days. That was obviously what John was expecting him to do, it was written in his hangdog expression and the slouch in his usually upright posture. On the other hand, there would likely never be another opportunity to know what John would be like if he were… his. Sherlock would have permission, would be
The traitorous, noxious voice hissed.
“If it’s the only way to protect your virtue, then I have no choice, now do I?”
John continued the motion up into Sherlock’s curls on that side; maneuvering his body closer until he was pressed all along Sherlock’s side, with one hand supporting his head and the other… the hair… fingers in… Sherlock breathed out a long ‘hmmmmm’ sound and angled his head to maximize the stroking.
“Aha! We have an ID of the victim. Luca Romano, formerly of New York.” He groaned. “Dear god, he is the most stereotypical mob enforcer I’ve seen outside of those ridiculous films you were always watching. He might as well have been cracking his knuckles while wearing a bad suit and telling people he’s ‘goddan offuh yooo caahnt refyoose!’”
“We’ll let that decision wait until we get there, Doctor. Thank you for your advice,” Sherlock supplied.
“I can’t imagine they would ever say anything like that,” John snarked. “But I get what you were trying to do. Bloody hell, Duck.”
They dragged into John’s flat after getting the door unlocked, each deep in their own thoughts. John put Sherlock to bed on the sofa in short order, plying him with blankets, pillows and decaf Earl Grey paired with a decent painkiller and a hard glare. His hands and feet worked on autopilot, as though he watched from just outside his own head; ensuring his friend’s comfort in spite of the relentless, poisonous internal voice that was drowning his heart in numbness.
They took a brief walk in the garden; the beekeeper was not in evidence today, so they didn’t linger there, but rather took a shady path lined by benches back towards the hotel. As they approached the building, Sherlock grew more apprehensive with each step. What if he disappointed John? Was terrible at this physical business? He had always dismissed it as unnecessary and had almost no experience with another person. John was obviously proficient at this form of interaction, and deserved the best a lover could do for him. Without his conscious decision, his steps began to slow, his face to frown, his brow to wrinkle. What to do? This was not something he could bluff his way through.
“Great. I just have to put my running shoe on. Won’t be a tick.” He settled down on a chair, and pulled up his left trouser leg - revealing a prosthetic painted with vivid orange flames on a silver background, cupping his leg to just below the knee, fitted with a false foot that wore the red trainer. John stared, not having expected this at all.
The note again was sealed with a maroon kiss mark, this one somewhat smudged from its travels.
After a few silent moments, Sherlock seemed to collect himself and find the wherewithal to get moving on the case. “I’ll text. You’ll answer?” this was more command than question, and John couldn’t help but snicker.
When they walked into the breakfast hall a little while later, most of the tables had diners, and most of them looked extremely hung over. The wedding party was nowhere in attendance - perhaps they had their own breakfast event; more likely they were still asleep. They found Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim sitting solemnly at a table by the wall, picking at plates of pastry. They looked the worse for wear; it could not have been an easy evening.
“Don’t talk about that queer, that freak - to me, John,” she said venomously, getting to her feet again and starting to tug at John’s arms. “You don’t love him. You can’t love him!” She grunted with effort, yanking at his arms. “It’s not true. It has to be a test. All those emails, flaunting yourselves to my father and everyone, I know it’s a test. You’re testing me so I’ll prove I’m worthy of you. Well, I am worthy. I love you, John. He doesn’t love you. Look how he’s hurt you! Died in front of you! And he’s a man! You aren’t like that, John. Aren’t… wrong… like him.” She managed to tug an arm free from John’s face, and held tightly to the struggling limb while she tried to bring the atomizer into position to spray him. “He should have stayed dead,” she muttered.
John laughed outright. “Nurse Savage, we don’t deserve you.” He grinned at her. “I could murder some toast right now. Where should I go?”
“Oh, ha very ha. You’re really okay with this? It might be a bit strange for you, after all. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable and then have things get all awkward with us. That’s not worth it to me.”
John’s head shot up in alarm. “Sherlock, now…”
“Yes, I’d say so,” Sherlock said absently, ruminating on what Aunt Brigid had implied with her comments. She had assumed John had feelings for him all along, and she knew John as well as anyone, having raised him through a difficult time in his life. And she seemed to think she had seen Sherlock’s own feelings, too – even before Sherlock had known of them. He might do well to have a conversation with her without John around, despite what treacherous hopes might result.
Nurse Savage tilted her head, considering. “He was really worried about you,” she began, “I could tell - when he first showed up here at the desk, he was white as a sheet. Thought he might pass out, even, after we said we didn’t know you weren’t in your room. ‘Course, his color came back right quick after he started shouting at Jeremy, poor lad.” She snorted again. “But your friend, he was frantic to find something telling him where you’d gone; assuming the worst, I reckon.” She snapped her mouth shut and colored faintly after that last statement, realizing she may have gone too far.
Duck raised his eyebrows in enquiry, “how long what?”
“Was, you say? What has happened to her?” Davies leaned forward, displaying the first interest John had seen on his face since they arrived.
Sherlock looked at the envelope, again stamped with the deep maroon kiss mark. Inside was a sheet of paper, lightly scented with Lady Grey’s signature perfume, which John had had specially blended for his alter ego. He closed his eyes for a moment to savor it, then opened the note. Even his handwriting seemed more rounded, feminine, when John was Lady Grey.
John thought;
Except for Marjorie – she emailed every night. At least a sentence or two, but often more. John read them guiltily and replied rarely, knowing her preoccupation with him was probably not healthy. By his third month in country, her emails started to seem unreal; unconnected with what he understood as the daily reality of war. He answered even less often, and her messages begged for replies. Eventually, the guilt grew to be too much, and he sent her a message:
John turned his head to look into Sherlock’s eyes for a moment as they so often did, his own eyes shining. The moment stretched, and tension tightened between them. Sherlock leaned in –
“John?”
Greg coughed a rueful chuckle as he gathered his own coat and locked the office. “Yeah, I’m definitely glad you’re back. That’s the nicest he’s been in weeks. See you there?” Greg walked backwards toward the staircase to the parking area, grinning and shooting a cheeky finger-gun at John.
The next day was Sunday; Sherlock looked forward to Sundays more than he probably should. It was the day most likely to involve John lounging around in the flat in his pajamas, cajoling Sherlock into eating breakfast with him and having a lazy day together. Or rather, each having their own lazy day, at the same time, in the same flat. Not
~~oOo~~
Spike lost his grip, further solidifying John’s guess that he was on something. With a roar, he lunged at Davies, knife outstretched to stab. Davies moved like a snake, but was hampered by his position in the desk chair. It tipped back with him in it, and Spike followed him down, blade flashing. There was a gurgling cry and a spray of red flew up from behind the desk. John and Sherlock exchanged a wide-eyed look; John pivoting to better cover Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock sat down on the bed beside him and looked out the window, brow furrowed in thought. After a moment, he suggested, “If you had had a heart attack and been in hospital, you would expect those around to treat you differently when you were first home, right?”
He had an erection. From thinking about Sherlock.
“And you care about Sherlock,” Duck prompted, his quiet rasp breaking in on John’s revelations and recriminations.
John blew out a breath. “I guess not.”
“I got nuffin’ to say,” Spike replied mulishly.
"I've done it, what's next?"
John merely nodded shortly, and shuffled along the beam behind Sherlock’s confident steps. The breeze was stronger now. It tickled the back of John’s neck and made him shiver.
He attended cases when they presented themselves, barely noticing the murmuring beneath his thoughts as it categorized the crimes they were called to observe.
John said, “I suppose they will be calling you over soon enough, Marjorie; it looks like they’ve got the photographer.”
John nodded his understanding, and held out a hand for his friend to take. Sherlock’s hand enveloped his and held firmly. “Thanks, Sherlock. Today has been... well, not great. But better, with you here. I appreciate it.” John looked earnestly up at his friend, who nodded silently and regarded him, his smile weighted with a tenderness John found surprising.
“I know. Sherlock got worried when I didn’t respond to his texts - assumed I’d had a crash and was off somewhere maybe injuring myself. I was right cheesed about it until I remembered he had put his fingers down my throat to save me less than two weeks ago - fair to say, he’s allowed a few freak outs. It was a shame he had to involve the nurses, though. He is… not kind when he’s riled up.”
reached his nose, but only faintly and the pillowcase was cool. John had not slept here since he had been away, not even last night (well, this morning) when his lover had met Sherlock’s red-eye flight at the airport and snogged him utterly senseless in the taxi all the way from Heathrow to Baker Street. Sherlock was practically drunk with case-related fatigue and John’s presence when he had stumbled into his flat with John under his arm - or John supporting him by pulling his arm over sturdy shoulders, perhaps - and staggered into his bedroom. He remembered the tender look in John’s eyes, remembered sure fingers unbuttoning, unzipping, freeing him from his stale clothes, remembered John lowering him to the bed and a warm weight settling against him, and...
"And my mind is going round and round and shaking itself to pieces, and the only thing that makes it settle down is a really complex problem to sink my teeth into. You KNOW this. I've told you! A case, a case, I need a case - right - NOW!"
“Where one begins, you magnificent git, is with what we’ve already done. You try things, and decide if you like them. If you do, then do them again, maybe something a little different next time, maybe not. Experiment. I’m surprised you don’t already have a series of experiments planned for as soon as we get back to Baker Street, actually. And if you find things you don’t like, you say ‘stop’ in the moment, or you don’t do it again after that.” John tipped Sherlock’s chin up with two fingers, and kissed him softly. “As for being rubbish, I don’t think that’s possible. Just it being you goes a long way, with me.”
However, he did provide a lead that Sherlock could follow, and John followed Sherlock. Lord knows his friend needed backup when he pulled these harebrained stunts.
“Earlier that day, I had been thinking about… the talk we had, you know, about James, and my father, and his stupid fucking attitude about Harry. I told you he dislocated my shoulder when I took her side during a fight when she came out - but what I hadn’t really thought about was that he’d tried it on with me, too, while he was ranting.” John felt the need to move a bit, get some distance from Duck’s wise eyes while he stumbled through this recitation of the revelation he had had, that his understanding of himself might be so skewed. So he stood and paced the carpeted area where they stretched, hands alternately scrubbing through his hair, rubbing over his cheeks, or gesticulating with his distress. “Bastard asked if I was one too - an ‘arse bandit;’ a fairy, queer, whatever. And after that I had never allowed myself to even consider the possibility that I might,” John scrubbed at the back of his neck as he struggled to find words, “feel… for a… a man. Da would’ve killed me, if he thought I might be…” He shook off the difficult memory.
and he wrapped arms around Sherlock’s lean waist and held on,
He was dismayed at how long it had taken him to identify that the fundamental difference between his vision and the disappointing reality was John’s absence. John was living with Mary, not at 221B, and therefore 221B did not feel like home. The flat felt warmer when John would visit. It felt just like old times when they played that silly drinking game with the sticky notes on John’s stag night. Then cold and dull again after the wedding; Sherlock had connected the dots that night at the reception, when he realized John and a pregnant Mary would have obligations – an entire new person! – which would take precedence over Sherlock. There was no hope of 221B feeling like home again, and the emptiness of it had sat heavily in his chest.
John nodded again and cleared his throat, his British fortitude scandalized at being caught hugging, for god’s sake. “Sure, yeah.” He grabbed his coat from the guest chair and shrugged it on, heading for the door where Sherlock continued to scan the two of them intently. John avoided his eyes, merely waiting at the threshold. “Blocking the door, Sherlock.”
the voice murmured,
So, I’m ending the threat now - for good. By the time you get this, it will be over.
John”
They headed back to the kitchen, John much subdued, Sherlock carefully inscrutable.
John, ungraceful and loopy, was dragging his feet, grabbing at cars - doing his best to hinder her attempt to take him. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a swell of pride, however poor the timing; his soldier, never giving up, fighting to the last. John was protesting as he struggled, his words blurring with the drug in his system. “tha’s stupid, Marjorie. We w’juss kids!” he picked at the tight grip on his hip, trying to pry away her hands. “Said ‘f we werr… ‘lone. ‘M’not alone.” They both went over in a tangle of limbs as he flailed. Marjorie emitted a shriek on the way down.
“Sherlock,” he tried again, looking up and meeting the inquisitive gaze from his friend. Prismatic pale eyes regarded him and his tongue stilled in his mouth, his lips ceased to form words. He stared into his friend’s face, knowing that the man was waiting for him to speak, but nothing came. He huffed out a frustrated breath.
~~oOo~~
He smiled.
John couldn’t help but chuckle and scratch at an eyebrow. “Yeah. Too much thinking, I expect.”
John considered it. Was he? Actually, no - his feelings about his dead wife were so tangled in anger and confusion and remorse that it felt good, freeing, to have a new flavor in the room where he slept. “No, it’s… good. A fresh start.” He pulled his dirty exercise clothes from the bag and tossed them in the hamper in the corner.
Duck nodded philosophically. “I’m sure it does. ‘Course, gay’s not the only option, you know. Sexuality is fluid, and can change over time. From what you’ve told me, Sherlock holds a very special place in your life, and maybe people are picking up on that. How does he feel about people making that assumption?”
“I’m so sorry for what Marjorie did,” Tim said, clutching his wife’s hand. “I just can’t understand it. How could this have happened?” He clearly had had a sleepless night, and seemed painfully bewildered by his daughter’s actions.
“Yeah, that made me smile.”
Never taking his eyes from the video, Sherlock’s hand lifted from the trackball and waved toward the cup, nearly overturning it into some loose keyboards and electronics on the desk. John tutted and snagged the wandering hand around the wrist, then placed the tea in it and let go with a roll of his eyes. “Prat,” he tutted, “just drink it.”
He furrowed his brow as he tried to reconcile the hand-holding, the cautious hugs that had offered such comfort. There had been more of them, all week long, and it was starting to be hard to believe John was the only one getting something out of them.
“I counted six, and after Hammer is dispatched, this woman steps into view from behind a convenient tree. So, she could be hugging the edge of the path from the entrance there, or she could be coming from the trees. And what is she carrying, John?” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled as he asked the question, urging John to look, to see the important detail that he had already pinpointed with his sharp wit.
John’s hands flew to his chest in a futile attempt to cover the motto, his face flaming with mortified heat. “Oh my god, this fucking shirt!” he stuttered. “It - well, it was a joke. Mary got it for me. Erm, after I shaved off that moustache. She said I had done it for you, and I snapped that at her, so she had the shirt made and I never wore it. Until you brought it out of my drawer and I thought I might not have that many shirts... and so I put it... on.”
“What happens now?” Sherlock asked quietly, his voice tight with trepidation.
Until Davies started cackling. “Oh, my god, Gary, did you really? What was it like? Was there a noise? Did her head get all floppy? Please, tell me all about it!” He cackled again.
Sherlock was scrolling the video back and forth, looking for the clearest picture of the woman’s face, which he would then feed into the Yard’s face recognition software. When he found the frame he liked, he froze the video, and presented the image to John with a flourish like a showman. “There she is, John,” he crowed, “there’s our David, leaving Goliath dead on the ground.”
Trigger Warning: suicide attempt (unsuccessful) in this chapter! If you wish to avoid that section, stop after John puts Sherlock to bed with tea and a painkiller and pick up again next chapter. Take care of yourself!
John thought he had come to a workable equilibrium; a maintainable, if miserable, accommodation with the realities of his life as it stood. It felt tentative, fragile, but he got through each day and coped as best he was able, desperate to put forward a stoic face and be what Rosie and everyone needed him to be.
Marjorie gasped and stiffened in his arms. “Oh, John, no! There’s a war there! You’ll be killed!”
“You. Fucking. Wanker!” he punctuated his words with punches to the suspect’s face, already bleeding and swelling. The big man John was straddling groaned and tried to plead through a split lip and cracked teeth. John struggled against the hands holding him back, dragging him off the whimpering man, who curled into a protective ball as John was hauled to his feet.
Every time he awoke, Sherlock was there as he had promised; holding John’s hand, or sitting by his bed texting, or, this last time, asleep with his head pillowed on the bed next to John’s leg. John hated to wake him; it was rare that he slept at all, let alone in such circumstances, but the man would have a horrible crick in his neck if he continued in that position for very long. John’s hand met Sherlock's head carefully, not wanting to startle his sleeping friend too badly. The hair against his palm was lovely and soft, curls slipping to tickle the thin skin between his fingers. He stroked it again, marveling at the texture.
“Why ever,” murmured John, stretching up for a taste of his own, “can’t we, then?” He dipped in again, shifting his hips minutely against Sherlock, a delicious friction for both of them.
When at last they pulled back enough to look each other in the eye again, John was grinning broadly, such happiness in his expression that Sherlock couldn’t help but smile in return. “I’m yours too, you know,” John said matter-of-factly. “I’ve never known someone who wants all of me, with my scars and my faults and my...” he quirked an eyebrow, “unusual career. You see it all, and none of it fazes you in the slightest. I’m lucky, too.”
John looked down at his feet. “Yeah, mostly, I guess.” He gazed out the window a moment, gathering his thoughts. “Duck suggested that I might go home soon.” His hands found each other in his lap, and twisted together tightly. “I’m not so sure.”
Dear God, weddings were dull. Boring tediousness of the worst sort; endless and horribly, deadly dull. He huffed a loud sigh, his fifth in as many minutes. They had reached the chapel (in plenty of time! They needn’t have jogged the whole way and John could certainly have finished his bloody sentence!) and were sat on the groom’s side near the middle. They took some brief time perusing the hymnal and the leaflet the usher had given them. This wedding had a leaflet to let guests and gawkers know what part of the bloody service was happening when they snapped awake and wiped the drool from their chins after falling asleep because of the Total. and Complete. Boredom!
“You don’t have to,” John offered, though the prospect of crushing loneliness drained conviction from the statement. “You’ve done so much already.”
Sherlock was scrolling the footage back to an earlier point, where the group of young people in plaid flannel had disappeared into the little grove of trees. There they were, a half dozen with a straggler hurrying to catch up, moving speedily when Sherlock dialed up the playback rate. John stifled the irrational urge to hum the Benny Hill theme song and tried to figure out what Sherlock was looking for.
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment, then silently stood and went out the door.
Sherlock, again
“Keen, then, are we?” John asked from his place between Sherlock’s spread knees, “there’s no rush – we have all afternoon.” His face was serious but humor lurked in his deep blue eyes.
John dropped his chin to look at the phrase on his chest, abashed at his unexpected accusation of this person who had been nothing but frank with him in their dealings so far. “Huh. I’d forgotten about that.” He looked up from under his brows and resumed walking, stepping up to Duck’s side on the path. “Somewhere in that file it probably says I have problems with trusting people. Recent events haven’t encouraged that tendency to change.” He mopped his brow with his sleeve and then opened the door and held it for the other to pass through in silent apology.
They sat for a few minutes, not looking at each other, not speaking, hands clasped. John cast his mind back over the morning, and the talk he’d had with Duck. How he’d realized what a unique place he held in Sherlock’s life (and heart?) and that he’d almost stolen that from his friend.
Sherlock was back in his chair with John’s laptop replaced where it had been as the sound of the water turning off in the bathroom sink alerted him to John’s return. So, he had finally replied to the whatever-woman. And a cool reply at that; not exactly a brush off, but in no way as enthusiastic as her initial message. John was less invested in this person than she was in John. Or perhaps actually disliked her? And John had said ‘having good friends helps.’ Was Sherlock included in that category? John had said Sherlock was his best friend. Did John know, at least on some level, how much Sherlock wanted to help, comfort, be there for him? Sherlock felt a little frisson of something when he thought of John appreciating his presence; of him ‘helping.’
"Like what?" Sherlock scrubbed his hands through his curls, then resumed his finger tapping.
sound even more brutal than the hurtful words themselves.
His friend was pacing the end of the locker room farthest from the sauna door, mobile no longer in view, hands steepled in front of his lips. John could see that Sherlock’s brief immersion into the steamy atmosphere of the sauna had fluffed his curls into wispy ringlets around his face and left him with flushed color staining his prominent cheekbones, all the way down until it disappeared beneath the collar of his deep blue button-down shirt. He threw a fleeting glance over to where John held the towel wrapped around his hips, and spun away, and then back to stare for a moment, then drew a breath and spun to face away again. “I’m sorry,” he intoned to the wall, but since there was no one else there, John assumed he was being addressed. “I didn’t mean to intrude on your
Which made John a liability.
He felt the weight of Sherlock’s cheek come to rest on his head, and the long arms around him were strong and warm, enclosing him gently. “Yes, John. It’s...” a long sigh ruffled his hair, tickling his head and making him snort against Sherlock’s throat. A shiver passed through his friend. “It’s very okay. Thank you.”
John sighed, and dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder, hiding his face. “How much of this is an act, for you? Is it like in the train car when you said we were going to die when you had already found the switch? Or when you were shamming with Janine? You are a very good actor, Sherlock, and I’ve seen you give perfect performances. But I need to know,” he heaved another breath. “Because I’m not actually any sort of a good actor, Sherlock. Not at all.” His shoulders sagged as he breathed out, waiting for the worst.
His thoughts were interrupted by a fresh-faced waitress delivering a carafe of water, a plate and a drink to his table. He was about to protest that he had not ordered anything when she winked and handed him another envelope. “Enjoy your evening, Mister Holmes,” she chirped, and disappeared back into the crowd.
Duck laughed delightedly, and waved away the issue. “If I had a pound for every patient who smuggled a phone in here, I could retire tomorrow a rich man. As long as it hasn’t adversely impacted your recovery - and I’d say it has not - it’s no skin off my nose. Now, why weren’t you in your room, if you were expecting Sherlock to visit?”
“Right, then.” Sherlock got out of his chair and went to collect his coat, when John cleared his throat.
The rest of the afternoon was a revelation for Sherlock. He expected to feel inept and unnatural where casual intimacy was concerned, (not really his area) but after a stilted beginning, all he had to do was relax the hold he maintained on his impulses toward John. He ostentatiously helped John on with his coat as they got ready to leave the flat, looking him firmly in the eye as he did so. John nodded and put a hand to the small of Sherlock’s back to usher him out the door, so light as to be barely discernible.
The silence stretched again, Duck seeming content to move and look about them. John jogged along a little longer, then ventured, “when I first came back from Afghanistan, I wasn’t sure I’d ever be able to run again.”
Duck blinked at the abrupt change of subject, but resumed listening intently as John shook himself and went on.
Sherlock suddenly sucked in a deep breath and blew it out, breaking the stare to examine his shoes. “So, that… happened.”
He drowsed through an hour or two, while the early afternoon light aged into golden early evening, then jerked awake when his mobile buzzed under his thigh where he had stashed it. He snatched it up to see a text from Sherlock, and more coming in.
“Do you still have pain from it?” John asked, “Does it hurt to do what we’re doing? Running?”
“You’re in better shape than most of the people I come across,” John said, finally noticing they were jogging as his breathing started to affect his ability to keep up the conversation. “Better than me, for certain. There hasn’t been much time to get much exercise, lately.” He felt his body heating up as they ran, a dew of sweat forming at his hairline. After a few more steps, he seemed to find his stride and settled at Duck’s left, looking around at their surroundings as they passed. Trees, shrubs, and some clumps of flowering perennials went past on one side, the wrought-iron fence and a patch of grass along the outside on the other. The path was as level and well-kept as a university track; and not a soul was to be seen through the greenery.
John snorted. "I used to think like that. Until I got shot. Pretty hard to use my brain when my life was leaking out and the fear and pain was all there was. When the memory of the pain didn't let me sleep or eat, do you think my brain was at its best? Nope. Transport? Not even close." John realized he was gripping his hands together so tightly they were hurting. He took a deep breath and looked up, into Sherlock's eyes. The moment stretched. "What?"
From what? John’s brow furrowed as he pondered. His mind flashed to pounding up a fire escape after flapping coattails and the indistinct figure of a fleeing suspect reaching the roof; then to a quiet night in, typing away on his laptop, spinning tales of remembered adventures. Next, Rosie’s giggle and toothless grin presented itself.
Rosie giggled and grinned as Amina growled charmingly at her. Once again, John considered how lucky he was that she had come into their lives when she did. “You’ve done wonderfully, Amina. Thank you,” he said, throat unexpectedly tightening. “And… and I’m sorry that…”
Duck smiled wide and nodded. “Sometimes just fucking putting it out there, pulling the plaster in one go, can shake you up in a necessary way. This facility is wonderful for helping people come back from the brink,” he pierced John with his intense stare again. “But you won’t learn how to stay healthy in your own life unless you go back to it at some point.”
John sighed. Clearly, Sherlock’s tolerance for the inactivity of the healing process was waning.
Sherlock again looked confused. “You’re going to take a nap,” he supplied.
He put his head into the next room, where an open-door party was in full swing. “The room, next door – has anyone been in there in the last half hour?” He demanded shortly. Ten or so heads turned in his direction and regarded him owlishly. No one spoke, though several mouths hung open. Given the aroma in the air, he would need to speak more slowly. “Did. Anyone. Go. Into. The room. Next. Door?”
“Hello, lads, what’s happening?” John said, observing the tableau. His teammates whirled around to face him, looking innocently nonchalant.
Duck trotted back to John, looking him over critically. “Yeah, I reckon you’re off your game, mate,” he said calmly. “Why don’t we head back to my office and stretch, and if you’re anxious for more work, we can do a few asanas.” He clapped John on the shoulder and grinned a little bit too wide at the prospect of indulging in some yoga. John groaned, and Duck snickered at his antics. “Come on now, don’t be like that,” he continued, prodding John along the path toward the turn off that led back to the facility, “a lot of these poses build muscle along with stretching you out, you know that.”
With a snarl, Sherlock hurled his phone into the seat of his leather chair and petulantly threw himself down on the sofa to sulk.
He stepped forward, aligning his head with the scratches, checking the smear at his feet to ascertain where the person might have stood, and scanned the construction site, looking for the taped-off ring indicating the corpse’s location.
“God, no,” Sherlock blurted. “I didn’t think you’d ever wan-” he clamped his mouth shut before he could finish the sentence.
“There was a lot of fighting, and my old man... was a drinker. A mean drunk, hit my mum more times than I can count, hit me, hit Harry. When she came out, he got meaner still. Vicious. Said once he’d beat it out of her, there weren’t no queer Watsons, threatened to have one of his mates ‘give her what she needed.’” Unconsciously, John’s voice took on a different accent, a coarser, deeper register, as he mimicked his father’s threats. “I cut in on that fight before he could really get going on her, and he dislocated my shoulder. She moved out the next day.”
John could tell Sherlock’s eyes were rolling from the first moment he saw the woman by the quality of the annoyed breath the man drew in when she bustled into the room John had been assigned. (It was indeed a single, and John didn’t know what strings were pulled or how much money Mycroft had sunk into securing it for him, but he guessed he owed the man a
“Shit,” John rasped. “Here - lean against the desk, and we’ll use my scarf to put pressure on it to stop the bleeding.”
For instance, John liked to put his hand on Sherlock’s knee; it was simple and obvious, and Sherlock could easily follow the thought process on John’s expression as he made the decision to put it there. Sherlock also noticed that if it remained for more than ten minutes or so, say on a longish cab ride, that John’s mind would wander… and his hand would too, just a little; sliding up Sherlock’s thigh to mid-leg, and unconsciously flexing fingers in a caressing or massaging motion. Whenever this happened, it sent shivers up Sherlock’s spine and whatever he was thinking about was lost in the white noise of his response.
With a curmudgeonly grunt, he heaved up and pounded his flabby pillow into a more acceptable state, then flopped back down to try to drift off.
~~oOo~~
“Something’s different,” she said. “With John, with you.”
John held out a hand to stop Sherlock so he could catch his breath. Jesus, was he hysterical? Maybe it had just been such a rare thing to laugh lately. “Christ, stop! ... Hammers... get whacked... maybe in the head! Sherlo... whooo!” His hand fetched up against Sherlock’s chest and he patted it as he wheezed and got himself mostly under control. “Do you have a picture of him?” he asked, rather breathlessly, then cleared his throat and continued in a more normal tone. “Not dead, I mean?
John eyed Sherlock apprehensively, diverted from the question of his clothes. “Practice?”
“Well, that went very well, I’d say,” John remarked as they left the dining room after making their farewells.
He blew out a sigh, and looked out his own window for the duration of the ride.
They were met almost immediately by John’s Aunt and Uncle, smiling widely and clearly at least one sheet to the wind. The rehearsal dinner had been a merry affair, it seemed, and John commented that their descriptions reminded him of formation marching drills from his days in the service, but with more alcohol. They about injured themselves laughing, performing sloppy toe-turns so that Sherlock readied himself to catch one of them if they toppled.
John smiled at him indulgently. “Actually, that one’s not mine. I found it in the back of the wardrobe the first night I was here.” He smirked. “Some other sod must’ve smuggled in a phone and then forgotten it there.”
Duck nodded somberly. “How old were you when that happened, John?”
“I could show you...” Davies was crooning, then he sat up straight and his face closed down. “If I had any idea of what happened.”
Sherlock covered John’s hand with his own, putting down his tea to do so. His palm was warm and dry, and pressed John’s smaller hand firmly. “I remember,” he said softly. His gaze turned to John, pinning him with the pale-eyed stare that always seemed to see so much. “And so should you.”
He promised to be there for the wedding as he rang off, grinning. Just the break he needed from the pressures of school: a huge party on his old stomping grounds. John loved his life as a poor, harried med student, and he loved London with its round-the-clock activity and frenetic energy, but he was looking forward to being coddled a bit by his Aunt and Uncle-to-be.
The cab pulled up to the curb with a jolt in front of John’s bland front door, snapping John from his thoughts. Sherlock shook himself, then hauled his body gingerly out of the cab using his good arm - leaving John to pay as usual. John passed over some notes, telling the cabbie to keep the change. The monologue in the back of his mind kept rolling on continuous loop:
(See the end of the chapter for
~~oOo~~
The Looking Glass Cabaret was tastefully garish as always, festooned with velvet draperies and bright chandeliers. Bow-tied wait staff passed out champagne in cut glass flutes, and well-dressed patrons of all stripes laughed and flirted. People waiting in line at the door eyed him appreciatively or enviously as he strode up to the box office and gave his name. The attendant gave him a cheerful wink and a frank, admiring once-over as she handed him his ticket; John was well-liked by everyone associated with the cabaret, and they all knew him on sight as John’s partner. It meant they counted him almost as one of their own, which made him feel smug and embarrassed in equal measure.
John didn’t want to hear it. Sherlock, being so very much himself, dispassionately deconstructing John’s feelings about the lowest point in his life. Getting it mostly right, but wrong enough that the familiar exasperation was frothing in John’s chest, ready to bloom into anger like it always did. Yet he lacked the energy to make the effort and merely lay there in his hospital bed, tears silently streaming down his cheeks. And so he heard, again, that undefinable tightness in Sherlock’s voice as he rattled on.
“Only, you used an interesting word choice a minute ago, y’see, John.” Duck spoke as gently as his ravaged throat would allow. “You said ‘the person who made the accusation.’ You get accused of a crime, John. You’re accused of doing something wrong. Which made me wonder whether there might be room for some more thinking there.” Duck leaned back into his chair, lessening the intensity of his body language as he delivered this pronouncement, but John was still floored by what he said.
John navigated through the next hours on autopilot: answering Lestrade’s questions when Sherlock didn’t deflect them quickly enough; drinking terrible tea at the Yard while Sherlock outlined the evidence of the case; cleaning and bandaging his knuckles with the first aid kit Lestrade kept in his desk once they had stopped bleeding. He kept pressing on them, feeling the pain as a distant thing, bringing him back into the moment so he could focus on the things he had to do.
~~oOo~~
Back in his room, his phone buzzed where it lay on the rumpled coverlet. A block of texts, complete with photos, scrolled upward across the screen, ending in a demand for response, which was not forthcoming.
“I’m sorry, Marjorie, I didn’t know you felt that way.” He cleared his throat uncomfortably. “You’re so confident and intelligent, and - and pretty, you deserve someone who wants you for yourself.” John shook his head. “That’s not me, really it isn’t. When I finish my medical degree, I’ll be heading directly into basic training, and then into the Army. I’ll be deployed for months, maybe a year at a time overseas, and in dangerous situations. I can’t get serious with anyone right now – it’s not fair to ask them to worry and wait for me, with no guarantee I’ll even come back.” John had hoped to keep Marjorie from crying any more, but instead she put her face in her hands and sobbed. John cast around frantically for something to say to stem the flood. “Tell you what,” he blurted, then took a breath and put on his best bedside manner. “Er, how about this - you’re what, twenty-one? Plenty of time still to find the man who will love you for yourself. But when you turn forty, if you’re alone… and I’m alone too… and you still want to, we can give it a try. Alright? Just please, don’t cry anymore.”
. Kissed him with a bit of challenge in those blue eyes, and with lips slightly chapped but pliant and sweet, shaping into a pout from their earlier laughter. Already he wanted it again, ever the addict.
Sherlock stepped in before they could get their claws out and took Lady Grey’s hand. “Thank you, Irene,” he drawled, “I do indeed enjoy this tart more than any in the world, there is nothing anywhere to compare. Lady Grey, you are exquisite as always.” He held the Lady’s gaze as he lifted her hand to his mouth for a gentlemanly kiss, then turned it over to press a more lingering one against the pulse point in her wrist, tasting the salt of perspiration on the tip of his tongue. He savored the indrawn breath she gasped for him and hoped his erection was not too noticeable. Being this close to the Lady, to John, had a predictable, pavlovian effect on him. He relished the sweet almost-pain of it.
“And that made you smile, hmm?”
“John, it’s alright,” Duck soothed, his ragged voice breathy and soft. “You don’t have to decide now. You don’t have to do anything now, other than absorb this realization about yourself.”
“I bet they set that up between them, didn’t they, sweetheart?” John grumbled, reclining back against the pillows so as to more easily support the baby’s weight on his chest. “Just like them to bring you here and then faff off somewhere for god knows how long.” He sighed. “I just wish they hadn’t brought you so soon, y’see. I’m not very good company at the moment.”
John looked sheepishly off to one side. “Er, yeah. In all the excitement, I seem to have missed dinner, and I’m starving. Is there anywhere I could get a snack?”
He went to sessions with Duck daily at first, but after only a week - just when he was getting comfortable - Duck suggested he could drop back to every other day. John nervously agreed, and plotted a path for a run through his neighborhood, sticking to the more tree-lined streets and wondering if there was a park nearby. He occasionally thought longingly of Regent’s Park, which was a short skip from Baker Street; many’s the time he had gone there to ‘get some air’ when Sherlock was being particularly pigheaded and he always found it refreshing amid the concrete and asphalt.
Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim took their leave soon after; they had the rehearsal dinner in a few hours and had declared they would need naps if they were to survive it, old fogies that they were.
“Where’d you go this time?” Duck asked with a smile. It was typical of how he prompted John to share, if he wanted, what was running through his mind when he dropped out of the conversation.
“And were you upset?”
… are you?” Her face had gone pale, and she fixed John with a pointed look, indicating Sherlock with a dismissive gesture.
Sherlock, groaning on the floor of a cold morgue as he was kicked.
John was staring at his own screen, fingertips of one hand pressing the bridge of his nose as he read. Whatever it was, it seemed long and John’s face had lost the easy relaxation he usually displayed when he was editing a blog post. Article, then, or email with unpleasant news in it. John had tried to hide his distress over the last months when reading about children, or accidents that happened to families, but this expression lacked the pinch of anguish around the eyes those had produced. Instead, John’s lips were thin, pressed tight together, and his eyebrows drew down in dismay.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I don’t need to practice being relaxed; I need something to occupy my mind!”
Sherlock moved from his chair to the sofa and wondered if he might need a brisk walk himself; his thoughts crowded one another, all clamoring for attention, one on top of the next. One thought stood out among the rest: if he had thought it would be difficult to watch as John married another person (and it was, it had been excruciating) how then would it be to have John, at least a little, and then have to return to the ‘just flat mates and best friends, not more’ of their daily lives? He found himself taking slow, deep breaths as he sank into his mind palace to deal with the cacophony. Perhaps John’s calming ritual would work for him this time.
Sherlock watched all this, nonplussed. He sat up to better see his mad lover sprawled across the bed. “All… right,” he drawled, “should I take off my shirt, too?”
Bit of both, most likely. His patients who had presented with depression struggled with motivation, especially to exercise. So, unsurprising he did the same. Still, he was a bit flustered at how hard he had worked to do a run that he would have thought laughably light when he was enlisted. Not even a 5k charity run, and he was all in a sweat.
He was right. Aunt Brigid went a bit pale, and clutched her fiancé’s hand tightly, but said “I know it’s what you have to do, and what you want to do, too. I’ll worry about you, of course.” Uncle-to-be Tim solemnly shook his hand and said “We’ll keep you in our prayers, John.” Harry threw a shouting fit, which her plus one, Clara, observed calmly until she took Harry’s hand and drew her into a hug, stopping her mid-rant. “Oh, you’re a keeper, you are,” John told her fervently. “I know,” Clara said placidly. Harry was not the only Watson who loved Clara after that.
“Mmm?” said the muffled voice.
“You, John. You seem to need the world to know that your shaving habits are influenced by me.”
Sherlock stared at the ground. “I think you’re the right person,” he muttered, but didn’t flinch when John took his hand.
A third male dancer hustled onstage, as if he were rushing from place to place. He wore a buttoned-up brown tweed suit with a waistcoat and watch chain, and carried a tightly-furled umbrella in his hand. Sherlock choked a bit when he realized how much this dancer reminded him of his brother Mycroft; had John done this deliberately? It served to help him control his ardor, at least, so he would call it a result and be grateful (he coughed) for the help. Lady Grey shot him an utterly smug pout and he squirmed in his chair at the competing sensations of irritation and lust this picture had created. He had no doubt now John had done this for his benefit - and that John was enjoying his discomfiture, damn him.
“Quite a lot, actually; right now I’m seeing two other clients besides you on an inpatient or daily schedule, and I see others weekly or less often. We don’t always run, but we might take a walk, or ride a bike, or if it’s pissing out, use the weight room here. I average about ten kilometers a day, more than that a couple times a week.”
“Sort of. I’ve wanted this, John. For so long.” Sherlock huffed another breath. John’s arms squeezed him tighter for a moment.
“Er, Sherlock,” John said quietly. “What should I do?”
John thought.
When he was finished and had washed his hands, he stepped back into his room, giving it another, more focused sweep. There! A drape of familiar charcoal fabric lay on the guest chair.
Rolling from the bed, he strode to the toilet. As he did his business and brushed his teeth, he listened through the open door for sounds in the rest of the flat. It was quiet, but if John were reading, seated in the armchair that Sherlock had started thinking of as belonging to his lover, he would not make much noise. Sherlock could not imagine that John would not want to see him as soon as he was awake; they had been apart for what felt like forever! Before this trip, they had not spent more than a single night apart, either working together through the night on Sherlock’s cases or crashing into bed at one or the other of their flats.
John looked at Sherlock thoughtfully, remembering the quiet a moment ago. "Fine, we'll try again. Compose yourself, and give me your hand."
John nodded. “Yeah, alright, that’d be great,” he said, leaning in to plant a kiss on Rosie’s pink cheek where she drowsed on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Thank you.”
“So, I did it. Shoveled some fucking shit,” he said roughly and shot Duck a hard look. “Like we said, you and me. I set myself to consider whether I could think of a time, of a man, who I had wanted like I wanted my women lovers - possessive, physical, hot and greedy, right? And I couldn’t. I couldn’t think of a time that I had wanted a man like that. But I got interrupted before I had really settled the question in my mind.” He brightened unexpectedly as a thought occurred to him, and exclaimed, “you were right about the sauna, by the way. It is really nice - I should find someplace to take a steam now and then; it’s fantastically relaxing.”
“Why have the act, then? If you both really felt for each other?” Sherlock shook his head ruefully; were they really so transparent? “Oh, no, don’t worry. I’ve just known John a very long time, and have seen him in love before.” Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously as she went on. “I could tell he was holding something back, but it didn’t make sense since he was so obviously gone on you.”
“Now we just have to find out who she is, and where she is,” John cautioned, but his grin made the muscles in his cheeks pull tight.
Sherlock huffed and rolled to face the back of the sofa, tightening his dressing gown over his hips and digging his bare toes into the cushion. His brow furrowed a bit as he contemplated the dark times.
He shook his head clear of the grim thoughts, then attended to Duck’s instructions and attempted to put himself into the same position his counselor was assuming with ease. This position felt more natural than the other ones he’d tried so far, although it was still hell on the muscles in the front of his thighs, and he enjoyed lengthening his gaze to sight beyond the tips of his fingers at the end of his arms, held straight out, forward and behind him.
This is for the best, believe me. I am a danger to you, to Rosie, to everyone. I know that now - I show it every time I react with violence to the ones I love. I almost hit my baby daughter for acting like a baby. I lost control and nearly murdered a suspect. I beat you practically to death, there on the floor in Culverton’s morgue, and then almost killed you again in my sleep just the other month. Tonight I shot you when you tried to protect me. Something is wrong with me; I hurt people. Maybe it was broken in Afghanistan, maybe it was beaten into me by my bastard of an old man, who knows? It doesn’t matter. I can’t allow anything like that to happen ever again, Sherlock. It’s not right that you should suffer so because of me, or that I should hurt people because I can’t cope.
“Dull, John. Those rules are for people who have active drug problems or might send out for a pizza because they’re bored. You will use this to text with me, and possibly to answer your emails, but you’re not a risk to the powers that be.” Sherlock fixed him with a sharp stare. “And you won’t get caught with it, will you?”
Uncle Tim snorted. “At least it’s her parents paying for it, even the ushers’ tuxes, and Marjorie’s and the other girls’ gowns and all. And they can certainly spare it. Stephen’s over the moon with the whole thing, poor sod.” Uncle Tim seemed less impressed, and Sherlock’s estimation of him went up.
John snorted. “So, what, this is another mob killing? I thought you reckoned Bag of Hammers’ killer had left the country by now.”
, he thought.
“I hate repeating myself, John, you know this,” Sherlock heaved a mighty sigh. “But we might all just be human - even you.” The wiry arm at John’s back tightened and he spoke quietly, carefully. “Isn’t it time to stop beating yourself up for it?” Sherlock took a long, slow breath; John felt his ribcage expand and subside. “It’s not like I haven’t been a shit friend to you in times past, and you came back, you let me back in. Perhaps we’re even, and can go on from here?”
~~oOo~~
Which was why he was startled when Marjorie left him on the dance floor and fled the room. After a moment’s thought, he approached his Uncle and explained that Marjorie seemed upset by the news of his deployment; would he be willing to check on his daughter? John didn’t think she’d want to see him again so soon. Uncle Tim agreed, and left the room in the direction Marjorie had gone. He returned a while later, saying they had talked, Marjorie was fine but very tired, and she had gone back to her hotel to rest. John thanked him, relieved that he hadn’t made her cry again. He put the question of whether he’d promised to marry in future to the back of his mind, and didn’t think on it, or Marjorie, again for months.
In perfect time with the blasts from the brass, Lady Grey planted the ferrule of the umbrella on the stage next to the prone form, and planted each foot in turn, on his back at chest and sacrum.
to do all the things he’d been holding in until now. The game was on, and he was allowed. He smiled, and rubbed the back of John’s hand with this thumb.
Either way, John had just seen what true sentiment looked like on his friend’s face.
John didn’t want to do something on his laptop. Not blogging; Sherlock could tell when John was writing a blog post, because his face mirrored all the emotions he had felt as he relived whatever experience he was putting on the page, and he had obviously been writing up the rooftop chase the previous evening. (Sherlock loved watching John write blog posts, so he criticized them viciously to keep from gushing like a vapid fan on one of the gossip sites.)
“When was the last time workers were up here?” Sherlock yelled down to the foreman and Lestrade, who had walked along underneath them, necks craned to look up at what John and Sherlock were doing.
and tried to slow his panicked breathing. When he regained some of his composure, he merely lay limply, strength sapped and limbs heavy.
A cascade of images presented themselves behind his eyes. Sherlock clad in nothing but a sheet at Buckingham Palace featured prominently, of course. Sherlock, quizzically gazing up at Irene Adler’s nudity in her house; Sherlock bemused by a freshly showered Irene in their flat, flirting so determinedly at him - and John feeling compelled each time to recapture his attention, break that fascination his friend had shown. John remembered his chagrin combined with visceral relief when Sherlock revealed his dalliance with Janine had been a ruse. Even then John had chided himself for his jealousy. A series of remembrances of Sherlock in various states of dress scrolled through his head - posh button-down shirts rolled up at the sleeves, trousers clinging to a surprisingly rounded posterior, petulant sulks on the sofa in silky dressing gown and threadbare pajamas, Sherlock’s eyes meeting John’s in the mirror as he straightened his tie before the disastrous Moriarty trial, settling his own suit jacket on lean shoulders. And the curls. Scruffy and unwashed, or frizzy and crumpled with sleep, or elegantly tamed with product, John had always clamped down on a desire to sink his fingers into the silky mass to tug on them.
Sherlock’s mind supplied.) He put his face in his hand, rubbing at his brow.
“Come on, John. Sooner done, sooner down, yes?” Sherlock craned his head back over his shoulder to be sure John could see how he rolled his eyes with impatience.
“Hmm?” John said, not really looking up, but rather starting to read the item again.
A minute later (ten minutes? An hour?) he heard a muffled shout through the door which his foggy brain barely processed. There was a bang, and then more noise; abruptly the brightness of the overhead light made him frown despite his closed eyes. Someone slapped him urgently on the cheek, raising him to a sitting position.
The thought filled him with a comforting warmth, even as his brow wrinkled skeptically.
Duck assured him that was why they’d keep up with their meetings, frequently at first, and when John felt more confident, stepping it back to less often. “People do it at all sorts of different paces, based on their situations. We’ll keep a close eye on that.”
– with Sherlock. That they were in a relationship. Which implied that they… felt things for each other and… did things together. Physical things. Or perhaps just emotional things – he didn’t expect some relative-step-woman-person to have a nuanced understanding of human sexuality, and for that matter, despite John’s ‘it’s all fine’ acceptance of people as they chose to identify to him, Sherlock didn’t think he would split hairs like that in this instance. So John. John! Had told someone (anyone!) that they were… like that.
. It's a lovely PWP that helped form my Pavlovian response to handsome men in gorgeous suits. And their descriptions of the clothes far outstrip my own. Go read it!
He wanted John to go faster, harder, and yet the heavy-lidded worship in those dark blue eyes and the reverence in John’s movements caught him and dragged him under, into the slow, sensual undulations of their lovemaking. His heart felt full, as full as his body, full of John in all the cracks and crevices that had only let in the cold before this complicated, fascinating man came to occupy them. His throat tightened and he struggled to keep his eyes open against the need to hide.
After another silent moment, Sherlock whirled around to pin John with an intense stare. “Why can you discuss whatever it is with Duck, but not with me?” he demanded, his voice tight and strained.
“Hmm?” he said, trying for nonchalant and failing by a mile. The sound squeaked in his throat and he covered it with a cough, dropping his eyes to the side.
“Not really,” John admitted, “but it’s not like it’s a magic spell or anything, just that sometimes it happens that way. I guess I’ll just have to chip away at this one.” John went over to the huge window with its curtain still open, despite the late hour, and peered into the night.
“Come on Gary, don’t be such a lump. This might be the first unexpected thing you’ve done all year!”
“Just here,” Sherlock indicated the scratches on the vertical, which were lower than his own eye level, but just about right for John’s. He plastered himself against the iron, peering around it in the direction of the piles of rubble where the body lay.
The next morning, as soon as John opened his eyes, he saw Sherlock leaning over him. “There’s a second bedroom upstairs that would make a good boudoir for Lady Grey,” he said casually, “if you and she might want to move in? Although, I’m afraid you’d have me as a flatmate...”
Sherlock flashed to John’s face after the kiss at the lunch table: bright and pleased and startled. To wistful comments about honey on toast, implying they’d grow old together. To his stuttering confession after a tipsy kiss grew heated: “I got carried away.” To how carefully he behaved afterward, as if he had been worried that Sherlock thought he had taken advantage. The pieces were falling into place, forming a pattern, crystallizing to an astonishing result. Oh. OH!
“One, I get to pick your wardrobe for the trip. It wouldn’t be believable if I were to choose to be with a dowdy old man, so your usual jumpers and button downs will have to be… upgraded.”
“…Should I not be?”
“Of course.” Sherlock asserted.
John dropped back down on his heels, breaking the kiss, and cast his gaze to the side while clearing his throat. From the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock doing the same, though neither seemed willing to step back from their intimate embrace. “I, um, I-” John stuttered, looking around everywhere but up at Sherlock again.
Lestrade met them just inside, and led the way deeper into the site with little discussion. They stuck to what looked like the access path for heavy trucks leading toward the structure and several stacks of I-beams waiting to be raised. Sherlock was spinning as he walked, trying to get a sense of the surroundings as they moved through the late afternoon light. In the course of his revolutions he leapt a wide puddle, landing lightly on the other side with an unconscious pirouette. Lestrade caught John’s eye, indicating the graceful form with a ‘get a load of that, eh?’ smirk. John smiled weakly back; the lithesome movements had reminded him forcefully of lean muscles he’d felt through Sherlock’s shirts during recent hugs, and he swallowed against the rush of heat he was feeling.
John had checked his wheezing friend over quickly, but the bloody prat insisted John apprehend the fellow; Sherlock would be right behind him once he’d caught his second wind.
The list of injuries they had outlined were serious.
“I don’t know, John. Why do you think?”
These thoughts propel him up from the sofa, suddenly needing to move and stop all this maudlin nonsense. John is back, and their friendship is still strong; it’s more than he should have been able to have. He will be glad for it, by God, and not pine for some unnameable, impossible ‘more’ that John cannot give. He runs long fingers through his tangled curls and realizes he’s not had a shower in too long. Right then: first order of business – shower, dress. Then, find some experiment to occupy his mind and his time until Lestrade brings him something worthwhile. Sherlock stalks over to the window, observing the people on the street. “Somebody kill someone, I’m going mad,” he says under his breath, remembering times when he would shout it through the glass in his frustration and desperation to calm his whirling mental processes. A different time, then. A different
“Amen to that,” Duck said fervently. “I’ll take truth over bullshit every time.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, and he shifted his weight in a sort of hip-swaying posture that John knew well; it presaged the torrent of deductions that were always true, but almost never flattering. John figured he’d better step in before things got out of hand.
He drifted back to sleep. Nothing better to do, after all.
“If he’s not, you’ll never get him to admit it,” John replied grimly. He suddenly wanted not to be there, not to have to see other people noticing and reacting to his handiwork, unintentional though it may have been. Not have to see the occasional twinges of pain as they passed across his friend’s face and were ruthlessly suppressed. Not to have to face what he had done.
John’s eyebrows had been climbing steadily toward his hairline as Duck spoke; the man was outlining a vigorous routine for a person with whole legs, let alone working with a physical challenge like Duck had. John was astounded, and said so. “That’s bloody impressive, Duck. I hope I can keep up.”
At about 7:30, Amina got Rosie out of bed as usual and entered the sitting room with her, stopping dead in the doorway and gaping at Sherlock where he was seated in an armchair, long neck mottled with purpling, finger-shaped marks. Amina had a soft spot for the acerbic detective, and was obviously quite concerned at his battered appearance.
John was used to ignoring the ‘idiot’ connotation. “You don’t have something to do? I dunno, a case on or something? Won’t you be bored?”
John rubbed his face, then stood back up.
John was chuckling ruefully at this display of temper. “Clearly they need expert help. Are you going to go over there?”
~~oOo~~
Uncle Tim remained stoic through the handshakes, but accepted a hug from John that might have reddened his eyes a bit. Then they were heading up to their room, and out of sight. John watched them go, then shook his head. “I don’t envy Uncle Tim right now, that’s for certain.”
Who used a biblical weapon to bring down such a physically large person. A grain of truth in every legend…
Sherlock regarded him soberly for a moment. “It couldn’t hurt,” he said quietly then looked back down into his own carton, letting the matter drop in favor of wolfing his curry.
“That’s… good. Good, then.” Sherlock bounced to his feet and strode to the window, where his violin was waiting. “We’ll be leaving in an hour.”
“I’ll be fine,” John said. “It’s what I signed up for, what I’ve trained for. I want to go, actually. I’ll be serving Queen and country, and saving lives, saving my fellow soldiers. I’m a very good doctor, you know.” He continued, his eyes growing distant as he thought of the challenges he would face. “But what surprised me is that I’m a good soldier too; good with the hard work, good with my team, with the fighting, with a gun. Very good. It’s what I was born to do, I think.” He trailed off, considering what he’d learned about himself getting to this point.
Sherlock’s concern had stiffened into aloof impassivity along with John’s wooden posture. “It will be fine. They all have been asking for you to come back for ages. ‘Where’s John? When’s he coming back to wrangle you for us? You’re so tetchy when John’s not here!’ Bah!” His friend’s lean arms waved and he rocked back and forth along with his squeaky-voiced imitation of the Yarders’ complaints.
John expected it to fade, but to his surprise the singing continued. It was a woman’s voice, just low enough that he couldn’t make out the lyrics. Its haunting key was sad, and seemed to be coming from somewhere in the palace. John cocked his head, trying to listen to see if it might be Molly. He quickly confirmed it wasn’t, the voice was too low for it, had none of her breathy quality. Unconsciously, his feet turned towards the sound of it. Closing the balcony door made the singing all the more apparent, loud enough that John was certain it was coming from the East wing. His interest was piqued, his feet now carrying him out of his room and into the ornate and empty hallway.
The lightning played pictures across John’s room, turning it into monochrome shades of blue and silver. The furniture seemed to crouch down against the weather, huddling nervously together as John padded silently towards his bed. It’d been made at some point, he supposed he had Molly to thank for that. John perched on the edge, shutting his eyes against the image of the clouds rolling past the windows. No rain, only thunder, but it likely wasn’t far behind. He silently sighed to himself and wondered how such a lovely afternoon could grow so cold.
Sherlock collapsed to the ground, a serpentine trail of dust dragging behind him. Black dots whorled in front of his vision, and it was not long before the Dragon sunk deep into darkness, pulled by heavy chains of pain and fear.
In response, Claude only cried harder. John's breath turned hiccuping and stressed as he murmured “Neverneverneverneveragainnotmyfault.” Under his breath. Then the little girl, tired and spent, fell back into incomprehensible tears.
He was a picture of beauty and deadly force. John had never used the word
“What the hell is wrong with you? Sherlock  ow, don’t do that! - Sherlock you tosser, what the fuck is wrong?”
Henry, since he had been in his late teens.
Had he ever felt it before, not fogged by desire's lens? Unfiltered and raw, the kind spoken of in the music he played, the pain of a broken heart? Had he ever looked at someone and seen not the pleasure or the love
“You’d know a lot about
Telling him that there is no reason for his presence.
Mycroft blinked a little at the remark, rather taken aback. That… it did
Breathing sharply through her nose. she spoke out into the silence, surprised as her voice hummed both lower, and higher than she expected.
She paused for effect, seeing in satisfaction that John's eyes were as wide as moons as he clutched the edges of the blanket about his chin. His tanned face was illuminated by the fire, and his eyes glowed blue-black in the dark as he hardly dared to breathe. Satisfied that she had caught his attention, his grandma began.
“It comes with the connection we feel with Dragons, mate. You can’t expect to immerse yourself in another species’ mindset and not be affected.”
Sherlock's song cut off with a shrill, pained cry. The boy-creature crumpled like a stone, gripping the front of his groin with a pained shout of outrage and surprise. John didn't stop there, he struck out with his fist, socking the boy solidly in the jaw before letting out a little yelp of his own and trying to scramble away. However, he realised that he had unintentionally cornered himself against the sharp bluff of the rocks, and whimpered in fear as he turned to find the pale boy rising back to his feet, eyes slitted in anger. The child in that instant no longer looked like a boy, but rather something more feral and monstrous. His blue-green eyes were slitted almost like a cat's, his lips curling back to reveal slightly pointed canines. A rattling hiss of breath rumbled from the creature's chest, sounding like the animalistic snarl of a large wolf. Those bony limbs righted themselves to a graceful crouch, poised as if to spring. John's wide blue eyes widened further, and his skin crawled with sudden and intense terror.
you will find one that will suit your own unique personalities and skills just fine.”
“You must spend the remainder of the human’s life on Earth, and you are bound as their protector and progenitor. At the end of the contract, the Human becomes a slave themselves. The Demon they’ve contracted drags their soul to Hell for all eternity, where they serve out the rest of time bound to the Demon as the Demon was for the duration of their life.”
to him. The creature did not expect anyone to answer, and soon drifted into his mind to think, a piece of driftwood in a sea unseen.
Thick and acrid, it filled the air like a grey blanket, setting further haze amid the chaos that John could glimpse past Sherlock's shielding embrace. It was coming from the opening of the tents, not a direct hit then but nearby. John's mind automatically leapt towards the possibility of it hitting the barracks, and his throat tightened with the thought of Mike and Molly and Bill and Rin. Where were they? Did he even know? The thought of something happening to them filled John with a heavy and forceful rush of adrenaline, and he swayed to his feet even while ignoring the wave of nausea that gripped him as the world tilted in front of him. Sherlock's frigid haunch was the only thing that kept him on his feet, and the Dragon's snarling voice rumbled in his pounding head like a clap of thunder. John suppressed a wince, feeling as though the creature's voice was rippling and bending within the confines of his emptied skull.
He could wait no longer.
The detective's eyes narrowed slightly. Never in his life before had he heard of a military-based Foster Care system. Yet it was
He was fiercely glad in that moment as he bounded over, testing the lock to make sure it would hold. Good. He nodded in satisfaction. It was strong. Nothing could come in then while he set to work. It didn't really occur to him in his hazed state of mind that nothing could get
Sherlock didn't understand many human emotions, but he knew pride like an old coat. John held a surprising amount of it, hidden under a veil of humility and gentle care.
Conrad suddenly snarled, and both of them winced and stopped their petty bickering. Claude snapped back to the matter at hand just in time to see a flurry of movement in front of her. Automatically she reacted, her heartbeat flying into her mouth in fear.
Warnings in this chapter for dubious consent that is swiftly cut off almost immediately as it happens tbh. Nothing too bad though. ^.^ Enjoy~
The only one who saw was Sebastian Wilkes, who approached the young man while he was reading in the solitude of the library, asking for tutoring in exchange for a bag of white powder. Sherlock's cerulean blue eyes picked out instantly what the rich young man wanted, and what he had to offer.
“You haven't been this close to the east borders in some time, brother. Is it really so close to the anniversary?”
“It’s… it’s slow.” Daniel murmured, passing a tired hand over his face. Sherlock found himself leaning forward, tipping John’s chin up towards the light, checking for pupil response automatically. “It feels like it’s going to take a while, but I can definitely feel the difference. I’m… less here, more of a shade. A ghost.”
Neither of them dared to voice the unspoken question, lingering in between them like a gaping wound. That was what would happen if John did not come around, if he didn’t relent in his hatred for Sherlock. It was a question that didn’t need to be answered, for both parties already knew what the response would be.
Sherlock absorbed all of this within a heartbeat, hardly daring to blink or move. His eye itched, but he dared not close it. Not when there was a potential threat before him. Slowly, he bared his teeth.
“They're just shedding their coats,” Mike observed, looking at one in particular that was wriggling alongside its mother.
The breaking point came when Sherlock, words completely detached and reflective, sound from the couch at nearly midnight.
First, there was the
laws that were as old at the sand at the bottom of the sea itself and as binding in their spells as iron chains. Sherlock had been born into the heart of them, next in line within his pod for leadership, a prince amongst his kind. He had grown up knowing that what he had just done, what he had just given away, was something permanent, and something that would not be easily forgiven. His brother was sure to be enraged when he found out, and the thought alone made Sherlock grin rather nastily. He was so
I don’t need your coddling, and you can tell our mother that to her face next time she asks you.”
, trailing a liberal ice-cube trail for the Monster (taken from
The more bitter side of him lamented. He ignored it in favour of looking at the elegant lines of his hands, clenched about his knees and interlocking them together. Holding him in place. Beside him Mycroft shifted, uttering a small sigh of resignation through his nose. In truth, he had known the answer to his unspoken question already. It could be read on Sherlock to anyone who looked into his magical trace, painted in invisible lines and holds of seams tied together when the young man before him had been just a pup. A terrible accident that had cost the Selkie everything.
wolf- lolled a pink tongue. It seemed to be laughing, the sound bizarre and horrible. Its keen brown eyes were narrowed against the rain.
John's voice was low, calm and yet just under the surface was steel as unbreakable as the rolling waves of an ocean.
“Just like there’s a chance of bias for Humans looking into Human crime.” Lestrade cut in coldly, shooting Sally a weary glare before he turned to Sherlock apologetically. John watched his flatmate’s slow blink, feeling his unease only grow as the man’s gaze sharpened into interest. The case had already hooked Sherlock, via the strange circumstances or Sally’s own vehemence that he not be part of the investigation. Like a dog with a bone, John knew that there was nothing that was going to tear his flatmate away from the case, not when he had a chance to prove someone wrong about his right to be present.
Silence so profound that all Humans just stare at the felled creature before them in shock, unable to move and yet unable to quite look away at something so powerfully vicious.
to continue. “John's in a state much like
leave in the middle of the night. The covers were cool against his heated body, and he lay with his shirt still on the floor, his lightly tanned figure illuminated by the sunset setting a bloody red in the sky. His lover for the night propped herself on one elbow, watching the stranger she had met tentatively. Her eyes followed the contour of his spine, how his sunny blonde hair
Shaking his head free of such elusive information, John straightened, clenching his jaw in resolution. It would be in his own best interest to do this. To leave now, to not return. It would be better for his health, for his sanity. It would be better for everyone, his therapist, even Harry, though he hadn't talked to her in an age without getting into a screaming match. Hell, it might even be better for Sherlock, in the long run. Looking closer at him, it was clear that the man was skinny – too skinny. Scars, old and shining but still visible dotted his body, running over his arms and ribs like silk lace. The army doctor thought of the memory, the pain he had felt in the dream he was now sure came from the Selkie. If Sherlock was doomed to spend the rest of his life alone, without even a ghost of a family to go home to...
Despite the simplified wording, John still felt a hot spike drive itself into his chest at the reminder of his injuries. He grit his teeth against it, gaze darkening. War had changed him, turned him in many ways into a very angry person. It had made him prone to cynicism, and worsened his instinct to hold people back at arm's length. In many ways, it had killed his wonder, made him in so much like his own mother had been that it pained him at times to even look into the mirror.
Sherlock drifted onto the shore with his crustacean prize, long limbs dripping saltwater. He sat beside John, uncaring of the sand and rocks. His delicate fingers thumbed over the crab’s rust-brown shell, and he introduced the creature to John with utmost seriousness.
He knew it because underneath the veneer of perfection that gestured expectantly in front of him, he could see the bloodshot quality of his sister's eyes. This would be the last Midsummer Festival she would celebrate with her family, possibly within her village. There was a light in her smile that didn't quite reach her eyes as she teased him, tugging on the frayed edge of his decorated sleeve.
That was one beautiful aspect of
Their attacker had been a petty thief, but he had been unexpectedly armed. Sherlock could sort of remember the chase, though the pain was more immediate and real to his mind. As it was, he could barely make out that not all of the blood on John’s hands and face was his own, and it made a distant pang of worry shoot through him. His lips felt chapped and slow, but he must have managed to somehow ask. John’s features darkened, and his teeth were bared even as he pressed harder down on his wound.
In the end it was not Gregory Lestrade who came for back-up, but Sally Donovan. Coincidentally, she had noticed the pair had gone missing when she turned to insult Sherlock, and found only empty air.
I haven't updated in forever~~ I apologize ^.^ the good news: this fic has about 4 chapters left until it's complete, so I'll likely be inclined to finish it soon :)
He let his expression smooth over into indifference, shrugging in what he hoped looked like agitated sulkiness.
Not that John particularly expected it to be a walk in the park. No, floating in the grip of a creature that was made of iron and stone, he couldn't quite say he expected to be comfortable.
The training took away what little rest John found in the night. What precious few moments of rest he had once been able to find were now filled with late-night sessions, learning the geography of the land and studying intently the history of the monarchy. What little sleep he did find were interrupted by nightmares, if not from him then from Sherlock, screaming themselves awake in the dark. It was a brutal cycle, one that John couldn’t seem to quite adjust to. When he wasn’t training, studying or sleeping, he was treating the wounded. His hands more often appeared red to him than they did tan.
His limbs go slack, and he is submerged. It burns him, hurts him. Maims him.
Yet the young man had never felt so focused before in his life.
from teaching in schools. Sherlock knew because he had been
He had to hurry too, because he could smell other Dragons about, and his fevered mind cautioned that they could try and take the place if he didn't Claim it soon. The thought made Sherlock bare his teeth in anger.
he wasn’t hopelessly caught up in his flatmate. John was practically
The promise of the soft waves called his name for the entirety of the trip, leaving little John Watson dreaming happily of swimming and sea-shell hunting.
At the moment, she hated them.
Tense.
groups think they can bully me into giving over the pictures, which simply won’t do.  I
Mycroft. I got
not sad. Can you do that, Mr. Holmes?”
“You pulled me away from class because you're upset that a
Sighing to himself, John squared his shoulders.
to him. He found words coming to his lips, and found he didn’t care how needy they sounded. He’d had a long day, and no one but Sherlock was around to hear him.
“You’re beautiful like that, do you know?” John murmured, eyes trailing appreciatively down his partner’s lithe form. Dressing gown, an old tatty shirt and pyjama bottoms, yet he could make out under the clothes the subtle line of hard muscle, gained by traipsing through London at all hours of the night. There was an elegance in the way she lay, utterly exposed and yet artfully splayed like a cat displaying its belly for a petting. Unable to tear his gaze away from those plush lips, John found himself bending downwards, capturing the detective’s mouth in his own. Shyla arched into the contact, feeling strangely brave despite the fluttering of her heartbeat inside her ribs. Last time, she hadn’t been able to push past it, the wall that Sebastian had built in her psyche combined with the daunting feat of overcoming the wrongness felt in her body. Now, however there was only the first aspect to deal with, and with the growing weeks and months in which she touched John, trusted him, felt him the fear had begun to slow, dwindling to a trickle that would likely stay but be manageable. Sweeping her tongue tentatively over the seam of John’s lips, Shyla let out the smallest of moans, eyes fluttering shut even as John pushed forward, pressing hard kisses along her jawline and down the pale expanse of her throat. Shyla let him, gasping aloud when John’s soft lips parted way for teeth, sucking a bruise that made the detective want to squirm and her toes to curl.
As he spoke, the sleek shine of a car glinted in the corner of Sherlock's vision, and the man spun on the pavement to see the vehicle already pulling up to the kerb. Mycroft's voice was professional, but it held in it his signature smirk as he ended the call with a taunting good-bye.
She could feel her brother's lips, pressed
“God, yeah. C’mere, you gorgeous thing.”
The compulsion was sudden and gut wrenching, leaving Sherlock almost light-headed. In an instant, everything vanished from his mind but one single thought:
Running was hard. Blisteringly so. Though John had never been what could be considered a “fast” runner, he didn't think he was exactly a snail. However with the army it wasn't about speed, it was about endurance as much as anything else, and he was beginning to feel the burn in his calves and the sweat pooling in the small of his back as he gasped, trying his best to regulate his breathing. It didn't help that already the sun was midway into the sky, beating down on him and the other soldiers so that the very sand beneath them seemed to pant and beg for relief. The sky was the kind of blue that came only with intense, dry, suffocating temperatures, and the arid sand wound its way about the long line of soldiers, sinking into the very fabric of their clothes.
inside the cage. Though whatever was in there made no noise, John could see into one of the spaces between the bars of the Cell. He caught a flash of a dark blue tail twitching, quickly shifting from muted grey to deepest black until it hid itself back into shadow.
Sherlock came, hearing Molly’s calls after spending nearly an hour at the fountain. What he saw made his brows draw together, an inexplicable emotion tugging at his chest at the sight of John, shaking and crying in a mess of pottery and his own blood.
There was no lingering presence of his grandmother, not even in the tacky wallpaper that lined the hallway.
Plush lips pressed to the soldier’s temple, fleeting but soft. Sherlock’s voice was gentle, but the hands that turned John over, pressed him closer were demanding. They rumpled the covers, twisting them about their bodies so that they did little to deter the chill. It didn’t matter though, not when the Demon’s skin was burning hot, and John’s own was slowly heating to it. John opened his eyes to see twin wings, spreading to shield the man from even the moonlight itself, and the Incubus’ blue eyes. They shone, slitted and inhuman in the dark. Monstrous. John found that he had never been so glad to see such a sight.
able to call each of them out at will.”
“Stand-ah! Stand down you fucking cur! Fucking hell stand down or I’ll have you put down I swear on my fucking life!”
agreeable than draw things out and make them angry. She shook at the thought.
cracked two eggs into a frying pan. Nearly setting the pan on fire fifteen minutes later when he became distracted by one of his experiments (it involved lots of socks and acid, John didn't ask). He groaned good-naturedly when John demanded he eat a spoonful of the eggs he just made, and complimented his
The little girl crowed, standing on top of the playground, baring her teeth in a grin that was surprisingly savage for one so small. Her voice was clear, far clearer than any two and a half year old's should have been. “I AM THE GREAT AND POWERFUL DRAGON! FOOLISH HUMANS!”
Because of all of the roaring, all of the smoke and all of the terrible beating of wings, John expected a hulking
Until one day passed, and then another.
you, Mycroft!”
The morning was filled with the warmth of a promising summer day, filtering through the bedroom curtains as John woke with a happy yawn and stretch that came only from letting one's body wake on its own time. He had never been an early riser, though he knew that one day when he became a fire-fighter or a soldier he would have to become one (because John planned on helping people and those jobs seemed equally heroic and cool). Lingering in his blankets a moment longer, the little boy inhaled deeply and caught a whiff of bacon cooking in a pan. John licked his lips, stomach growling in want. He rose clutching his velveteen hedgehog to his cheek, too old to go out in public with it and too young to quite give the stuffed animal up.
The Book was hidden under his mattress, a dangerous window to an entire world that John had before only scratched the surface of. Like an addictive drug, he found that late at night his tired eyelids would peel themselves awake, forcing himself to read just one more chapter, just one more paragraph, just one more line. The very
People milled about inside, lounging lazily on couches and chairs, cradling their respective cool and warm drinks and trying just in general to avoid the chill of the weather outside. Not that John particularly minded the winter. He’d always liked cold weather, even as a little kid. He’d miss it, when he was posted.
Eventually, he found himself shoved roughly, kneeling and panting heavily before the tall wraith of a man who hadn't once lost sight of him in the fight to his feet. For a moment, John could only stare at the silver sandals the man wore, hands kneading the ground uselessly as he fought for breath. His heart pounding heavily in his head, and somewhere Harry was shrieking his name.
“I am. You must be Hajera.Your queen has spoken highly of you many times in her notices.”
John sat in the middle of the living room, sprawled rather unceremoniously in Sherlock's chair. It was such a un-John-like posture, that the detective had to blink to make sure what he was seeing was correct. The man lay so that his legs
outta here. Scotland Yard's got this place covered, thanks t'
official enough to be sure, probably to fulfil some non-existent guideline or Government requirement somewhere. The tan brick-work was functional, and there was an electric fence surrounding it in typical military fashion. However the inside was an entirely other matter, and John and Mike both were uncomfortably reminded of their homes back in the Slums as they stepped into the front office and were slapped with the sharp and crude taste of animalistic fear. It was a good thing the blonde thought, that Cerioth had been instructed to stay in the car and wait for his Mistress, because John was sure if he had heard the horrible whimpering and snarling beyond the front desk towards the back he would have lashed out, if not at least cowered. Perhaps it had been on purpose, as Lieutenant Dodge appeared to notice as well as her nose wrinkled in sharp distaste as she made sure to check her boots for dirt as they walked in.
Mycroft studied the handle of his umbrella, and John saw a glimmer of shark-like derision in the Gem’s expression. Smoothly, he replied.
“You think threats will work? You live on the edge of our domain, our land. The Holmes Tribe does not bend to compromise, especially when dealing with humans.” Mycroft hissed the last word like it was bile, eyes narrowed to slits and calm demeanour gone in the wake of something cold and terrifying. John knew enough about seals from his grandmother to know that aggression was shown through snarling and body contact – and wasn’t surprised by the rumble in the elder Holmes’ voice nor the way his body came to cage about his smaller form. It was an intimidation tactic, and John very much doubted that Mycroft was used to having anyone question his supremacy.
there was more to it than a simple need for mystery and aloofness.
Greg lashed his tail playfully, bowing at Mycroft in a move for play. His gold-red eyes were bright, mischievous.
Told himself this even as tears filled his eyes, and soundlessly John cried into his stuffed animal, feeling the scar on his arm pulse once more desperately, tendril fingers slipping and breaking from him.
The woman smiled, her expression deliberately a mask of neutrality. Without a word she reached for a lanyard in her pocket, placing the piece of identification down for Lestrade to see. He leaned forward, his mouth falling open as he read the jurisdiction.
He watched them, dark curls soaked through the edges with silver from their light. His eyes were unreadable blue orbs, piercing in the night. He was lost in the depths of his own thoughts, blue robe trailing behind him in long sleeves and train across empty stone corridors. Only the nervous stone guardians, frightful creatures crouched and still on the rafters of the home and on the edges of the reaching walls saw him as he retreated into the shadow of his own roof.
In the morning, Sherlock either didn't remember or didn't care to bring it up. Certainly, he appeared neither weak nor vulnerable in declaring his thoughts on meeting with Dodge.
As it was, Dodge did little to redeem herself when he and Sherlock stepped inside, her glance appraising and calculating as she slipped the silencing headphones off her ears to state plainly, “Someone radioed that you were coming in. Get your gun, clean it, get ear protectors and begin. Sherlock will sit this round out, since he's never touched a gun before. If you want, you can teach him on your own time.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock snorted in distaste. As if he'd ever date someone who had an obsessive-compulsive nail-biting habit and owned five cats. Not to mention the woman was utterly intolerable to talk to. No sense of adventure to her. No.
.... You
“You seem to have stopped struggling. Is it possible that you’re perhaps not as eager to escape as you once were? Shame on you,
This time though as he dreamt, he felt a pair of wiry, strong arms pull his form to their chest. It appeared Sherlock had no desire to leave, even if it meant that for the duration of dawn, he would have to hide in the darkness of the cove.
They came to a winding stone staircase, which Mycroft navigated in the dark by memory more than anything else. Greg was slow to follow, carefully feeling out each stone stepped that’d been warped from thousands of clawed feet walking along them before. Every few feet, a narrow window offered a breeze and a sliver of the outside world. The higher they climbed, the more stars one could see, burning in the cold night air. About halfway to the top, Mycroft realised that Greg was beginning to shiver.
“Trouble in paradise already, brother mine?”
The young man watched, fascination mixing with fear even as he slowly shuffled towards the door crab-like, just in case he had to make a quick escape. The Dragon continued its strange rubbing dance along the wall until it reached the far corner, where it stood on its hind legs and pressed its forepaws up at the spot where ceiling met wall. John winced and almost clapped his hands to his ears as a horrible screeching like nails on a chalkboard hit him as the Dragon's claws cut Marks into the corner, silvery in the concrete and thoroughly vivid and bright. When the beast stepped away, the Marks glittered with a kind of strange power that made John feel
, and that if you coddle your weapon, then you'll end up with a dull blade. Case point-”
Nervous ticks, Victor had a habit of picking up on them. As it was, he saw Sherlock's upper lip twitch in distaste, masking the surprise he felt for outrage. Victor to be honest didn't blame Sherlock for feeling overwhelmed, as it was he was desperately trying to understand a situation that had crept up on him seemingly from behind. He had no clue who this strange man was, but he seemed to be accusing his friend, and that alone did not sit well with him. Automatically he could feel his proverbial hackles rising at the bored, slightly haughty expression on the man's face before him, and sleep-deprived as he was Victor thought not much of snapping “Who in the
A soft, high voice came from John's mouth, its sound bright and carrying the easy timbre of an overly excited child in it. It was no longer in a Scottish accent either, instead seeming to have a cadence that was actually pretty similar to John's. Except younger.
The thought was petty and vindictive, but John really couldn’t bring himself to care. Not when he was absolutely shuddering with the aftershocks of nerves, and most certainly not when he could still hear the straining of the bed springs, if he listened carefully.
Wearily, John decided that he was going to need tea tonight. Lots and
why he won’t work.” Sherlock snapped back, plucking at a string savagely before playing a tune that was at once heart-wrenchingly sweet as it was sad. He continued to play, even as the mist around them tugged at his robes insistently, demanding he focus on his mother. The Fog has always liked visitors. The Fog was somewhat alive, and wished Sherlock would treat people with more mercy. "He will be injured. Or
“Fuck off old man!” the rough man in the coat snapped, teeth bared menacingly in aggression. Behind him, Claude saw with wide eyes one of his friends pull out a penknife from her skirt. She backed up automatically, jumping when the textured line of brick dug into her spine. Inside, Conrad stirred uneasily. Claude resisted giving over the reigns,
And the Dragon's brain unwillingly conjured up an image of John,
breath.
Unwilling to believe the slim hope.
“Around puberty. I'm a direct link to his libido, so I kind of just popped up then,
It was like watching a dance.
"Our mind when it's rattled, comes up with the strangest things. Who knows? Perhaps John will be able to tell you just who he was talking about when he awakes. In any case if he asks for him again, I'd just gloss over the topic. Chances are he's going to experience some disorientation for a little while until he gets back on his feet. Partly the medication's fault and all. Distract him with reality, ask him about his family instead of lingering on a name he plucked in a moment of panic and fear."
But now it was gone, replaced by a meek cool that the Dragon couldn't use to spark his fury quite as effectively. Instead it set off a different set of emotional responses from him, ones less destructive and annoyingly more protective. He frowned, scales turning a confused and questioning teal colour, before melting away into the desire to make
“There, now. Isn't that better? You'll hurt yourself if you pull on those too tightly, make your wrists bleed…”
And then she paused, pouting suddenly. Sherlock watched as her eyes got foggy, vision trailing off into the distance as she listened to the voices now creeping into her ears. She scowled blackly as from inside her head she could feel Daniel tugging at her, trying to uproot her.
could be almost noiseless in this form, and wasn't entirely sure if he liked it. It seemed that Claude could be very useful to the Alters for running away, and that was something the detective wouldn't allow. At least, not without John's explicit consent. His thoughts
Though Sherlock could feel the warmth of the sun's rays, peeking at the entrance of the cove, he dared not draw nearer, curling instead to the shadow of the shallow waters that never completely dried at the cave's back. An inky form, he clutched John like a prized treasure, cradling to his chest. He inhaled deeply, smelling the scent of a higher tide drawing near. Soon the cave would fill, and John could not breathe, not in his weak form, the form for land that was so limited. Sherlock knew it was prudent he call for assistance. After all, now that he had John, proof of his claim, his family would
sweets, now matter how delicious and lovely.
Cara thought for the millionth time that she was going to murder Thomas, that was when she actually
“I am not afraid of you. Or of this.” Sherlock breathed quietly, his long fingers dipping down, cupping warm heat and causing John to let loose a small sound that could be a question or a gasp. “I merely require time, to adjust. To remember that it’s you, and not someone else with me. I need to keep my head, to not get lost in memories.” Sherlock stroked experimentally, and was rewarded with a small moan of pleasure. It shot through him, made his blood hum. He licked his lips, watching John stare at him, uncharacteristically the one left helpless in this situation.
It was curled up on the floor of the kitchen that John found himself dozing off, his thoughts trickling to little more than a weak forward march even as dawn threatened to pierce its way through the faded yellow curtains over the sink in front of him. His limbs ached from crouching on the cold wooden slats, and there was a developing crick forming at the base of his neck. His sleep was little, and what rest he did get was plagued with nightmares, shapes dark and mysterious, lost in tides of sand and sea. Hands, reaching to grasp him from the darkened, sand-blasted buildings of Kandahar. Oceans and tides filled with the sound of gunfire. Screaming. Twice, the ex-army doctor awoke in a cold sweat, shaking.
That question mark had only too soon disappeared.
and part of Sherlock wondered if John really found him to be such an enigma. He knew he liked his privacy, but until that moment it didn't occur to the man just how closed off he must seem most of the time. Sneak was asking not to gain anything in particular, but because he was genuinely
again, fair warning for possible triggers. :3
Sherlock eyed her curiously, voice edged with fascination and interest.
ever do.
Still, though the longing was there, Sherlock knew he was not yet grown enough to act on it. To take everything,
“We need to leave.”
When Mike had knelt at her Kennel, she had almost believed it to be too good to be true. She has leaned into his touch like she was seeing the sun for the first time, and for an instant the Dragon had almost believed that it was her Mother's hands cupping her face. She had nearly cried, terrified and not understanding when she was thrown into a foul-smelling crate in the back seat of a car and forced to listen to another Dragon's terrifying snarls.
repeat myself.”
He feels John stir inside of him, fighting his hold like an uncoiling knot in his stomach.
“I have to admit John, I had some doubts...”
I just realized I forgot to copy and paste the blurb at the beginning.... jeez sorry >.>
Damn.
“There’s not much point, is there?” She replied mulishly, a frown turning down her features. Shyla picked at her hands absently, peeling the skin away from the cuticles of her nail beds. “No one’s going to hire someone like me. You think as much, I
on the sea and the waves would kneel to 'em.”
As always, many thanks to my fantastic beta, Tpurr :)
He takes out a pen, clicking it with his thumb as he takes out a stack of bank notes with a rolling of his eyes. Daniel feels the back of his neck prickle with fury at the thought that he can be bought. That he's a mercenary instead of a damn veteran that deserves a little more respect than
Sherlock was fairly sure he was dreaming. Images swam before the backs of his eyelids, flickering like lightning under the ocean’s blanketing embrace. Memories of maternal hands tilting his face up towards the crystalline moonlight, inspecting his cheeks for sticky remnants of food or some awful experiment. Those fingers melted away soon enough, replaced with the endless black of a starless sky. The ghost memory of muscle-burn from hours of swimming came back to Sherlock, his seal-form familiar to his human body, enough so that he could imagine it. He could visualise the flex of his tail, how his lungs held themselves so much longer than any humans could. He swam and swam, traveling further and further out into the exiles of the ocean, areas where no sane sea creature would traverse. Into the wilds of man. Shimmering and bending before him like the reflection of a rippled pool, Sherlock drifted in his own mind, lost in clouds of amber and deepest ethereal blue. It was some time before he even registered John’s return.
After
Love had no place in a shadow's heart, in a reflection. Yet the dull ache in his chest, it affected all of them, humming in their ribcage. Yet it resonated from John.
“You do know... it might never happen, right? John... he doesn't...
Something flashed behind his eyelids, and image that John didn’t recognize. Things blurring together like cards folding in on one another to form a deck that he didn’t know. Smells, sweat and cinnamon and cherry lip-gloss. Tastes, the salt of skin and tongues and teeth and something stronger that John didn’t want to identify. He felt a heat flow over his skin like a wave, crippling his world and sending it into darkness. He realized a second before he lost himself what was happening, and John let loose an involuntary whimper of surprise.
Not because he had killed a man, because that wasn't something to be amazed about. No.
Dodge.
For some reason, that deduction strengthened Sherlock's confidence, bolstered it. He stood from the chair he had been sitting in, using his height to push John, lightly lead him towards his bedroom. The army doctor followed agreeably, his breath coming more quickly as his hands traced the hem of Sherlock's shirt, fumbling with the buttons. With it came a brief flash of initial panic, the likes of which made Sherlock stutter in his assault of John's throat. Soon though he pressed through it, breathing into the mantra surrounding his head, the words John himself had told him again and again and yet never seemed too tired to repeat.
However, he decided to change directions to the other side of the beach last minute, as he heard a rather interesting noise. It was the distinct sound of a human, ankle-deep in the early morning light in ocean water. The sharp scrape of a metallic pail gathering sea water caused something ugly and furious to rise in the elder Holmes’ chest like a spike of poison.
John to his credit  stubbornly ignored the woman, filling out the Adoption papers with a red-ink pen on the desk as Mr. Lyle grinned like it was Christmas morning and he had just been exceptionally good all year. Again his oily voice complimented John's choice, not that it had really been much of a decision at all. John was surprised the price wasn't higher for the Northern he's just selected, but he supposed the beast
“Sherlock....”
not evil. That's not the problem.”
, much like you humans worry after your own. A mother does not part well from her pups, and my kin do not part well from their blood, similarly. My brother is missing his cloak. I can only assume you’ve taken it for protective measures.” A narrowing of those grey eyes “That will no longer be necessary. Give it to me, and we shall be on our way come nightfall.”
And so, Shyla, Sherlock, both of them went to school, like two old friends clasping hands side by side even when on the outside they appeared stoic and cold.
of things he viewed as
However, he wasn’t alone. Before Lestrade came to greet them fully, Sally was already pushing her way through the crowd. On her face was a tight scowl, bitterness in the line of her shoulders as she called to Greg as if he were half-mad.
was an angry child, often for no real reason. She'd erupt in a burst of flame at the drop of a hat, scream her heart out over foolish things, and generally act like a brat. In truth, not that different from how Sherlock was now. He could remember how he'd used to deliberately hide frogs in the pockets of his many nannies, how he used to look on with glee as they'd shriek and flail and get their stupid uniforms muddy. Mummy used to scold him for it, even as she'd tug the dark locks of her only daughter into some semblance of order in front of her elaborate mirror.
John, just to be contrary, reached over to Sherlock’s plate. Selecting a pastry at random, he stuck it in his mouth and chewed. Sweetness exploded across his tongue, a mixture of orange and honey, and he forgot his anger for a moment just to savour the first proper meal he’d had in awhile. Sherlock glared, mildly affronted at John’s audacity even as the human’s eyes fluttered shut in pleasure, opening a moment later even as he swallowed the last of the treat, his adam’s apple bobbing with the motion. He then stubbornly looked away, refusing to speak and keeping up his ongoing campaign of freezing the Water-Spirit with chilly silence. Sherlock shook his head at the rebuttal, muttering something vaguely insulting under his breath.
Just another puzzle.
Sherlock-
What? Even he didn’t know.
Brigadier Morstan looked at Sebastian the way one might look at a child, her expression long-suffering even as she turned to Bill and addressed him with an apology.
He thought to himself that he could spend hours just in bed, tracing the mark and mapping out the man’s freckles, the lines of his war-made tan and the charming lines around his mouth and eyes.
“Could be dangerous,” he muttered, and though Sherlock could not have possibly have understood, he seemed to read something in the man’s body language. The Selkie smiled, and it was a small, surprisingly gentle thing as those slender hands reached towards the shore, picking out something amongst the bracken and stones. Sherlock knelt towards John only to grab the man’s wrist, hand covering the old Bond-mark. It was a silver moon of flesh, as colourless as the Selkie’s eyes. John found deposited in his palm was a smooth piece of sea glass, but its colour was unusual and eye-catching. The colour of teal, it sat a nearly perfect marble in John’s palm. As he held it up to the moonlight, something prickled in the back of John’s neck. It took him a moment to recognise it as Sherlock’s song, cautiously humming as he knelt, as if waiting impatiently for John’s reaction. The Selkie’s voice was soft as it traced the glass in John’s palm before curling his blunt fingers over its surface.
All he knew was that when he reached out as if to touch him, the detective physically flinched away, crossing his arms over his chest.
John's and yet not, hated the secrets, the not-knowing.
He was aware of their presence and instant before the bell to their flat chimed.
as broken-looking as before. Just
Still, Harry might find his body.
again, Sherlock. And maybe that's not healthy, but it's
As he leaves there is a loud and sharp rebuke, though not towards Sherlock. Presumably towards whoever made the threat to his well-being in he first place.
“Shall we begin, Lieutenant Bellerose?”
budged. She swallowed the instinctive cry that wanted to leave her throat, panicked thoughts coming to a dawning horror as her mind demanded answers.
and... to lose you would be both rationally and emotionally inadvisable.”
Sherlock trailed off, looking at his hands with a lost, wandering expression. Even though he couldn’t find the right words, John understood what he was trying to say. It had come to the point where he could read Sherlock as well as the detective could read him, and the guilt in the man’s tone wasn’t exactly subtle. John reached out and took his partner’s hand in his own, brushing his thumb along his thin knuckles. They were already starting to purple, bruise with the force of his strike.
Mrs Hudson left soon enough with the knowledge that John was well, urging the man to be careful and not walk alone along the beach at night. Her parting gift: a small basket of lemon cakes. John accepted them with a small smile, nostalgia of the many months he had once spent at his grandmother’s cottage bringing back old flavours of summer and lemonade and joy.
And John smiles, even if it's a little pained because Sherlock looks for a moment so vulnerable and shyly pleased at the compliment that he wonders if he's ever been told how brilliant he is before. After a moment though he regains his composure and blinks, turning again towards the safety of his phone screen to hide how much he wants to reach out and take John Watson apart, to see what could have happened in his funny little head to say something so entirely untrue but nonetheless pleasant.
Dodge spoke in light, easy tones, although there was always an undercurrent of command about her. Years of being on duty had shed all meekness she once possessed; a woman who often held a gun in her hands didn't flinch when confronted with a chance to take control of a situation. Instead she leaned forward, eyes bright and strong. If it weren't for the professional way in which she addressed the issues, John might have thought she genuinely cared about Sherlock's welfare.
Mary's smile had glowed like the most precious of pearls.
It would only occur to him later that the post didn't come on Sunday, and that normally any kind of package demanded a signature. John didn't really think of those things at all as he sat down at the small table in the kitchen and unwrapped the package, tearing at the brown paper as curiosity got the better of him and he couldn't wait any longer. When he was finished, he stared mystified at a heavy, leather-bound tome sitting before him, the forest-green material embossed on the front with a golden-engraved title that made absolutely no sense.
John’s profanity caused a few people to turn from their computers and phones, blinking in scandalized interest at the man who was causing a scene at one of the most expensive banks in all of Europe. He didn’t seem to care, instead wincing in pain and rubbing the edge of his brow as if fighting off a headache.
It was strangely soothing, the look John fixed him with. Like a heated match, hovering just far enough away to warm and not burn. The Dragon found himself torn between two instincts, fear and longing. How long had it been since he was touched in a way that was not meant to harm or subdue him? When had someone last offered to care for him, and expect nothing in return?
“John is not responsible for the actions of Alters
like Molly could set a building on fire, what the likes of Sherlock might do all alone.
John snickered. “A bloody beanpole in a Belstaff coat, that’s him,” he agreed.
“Is there more you think you’ll see here, Sherlock?” John asked, flipping up his own collar as the wind gusted down the back of his neck. “We’re kind of losing the light, aren’t we?”
Sherlock flopped back into the absurdly soft bed, groaning. He had squandered a chance to observe John as he woke up because his transport had failed him. Admittedly, he had probably done that to himself, since his sleep patterns the last week had not been very regular, and the journey to the hotel-and-reception-facility in the countryside near Bath had been taxing, and his resolution to stay up and observe John as he slept (“yeah, that’s kind of creepy,” “Hush, John.”) so as to miss nothing probably had not helped matters.
John pushed his trainers off his feet, uncaring of flattening the heels or the tied laces. He scooted back up to the headboard and arranged the pillows behind him. His knee knocked against a hard object, and he fished his mobile out from under the folds of blanket where it had been hidden. His thumb brushed the screen, which lit up with increasingly urgent messages from Sherlock, and finished with one from Lestrade, asking him to have Sherlock check in if he got in touch with John. Seemed the consulting detective had just left the crime scene without a word to anyone. John’s guilt increased.
As he was tucking in the tails of his sinfully tight, light blue dress shirt, his mobile pinged from the nightstand. He lunged for it - it was John’s special text alert. The sound, a squawky trumpet sting, was pulled from a song that had been playing outside the window the first time John had given himself to Sherlock as the person beneath the paint and glitter of Lady Grey; shedding the layers of emotional protection his larger-than-life alter ego afforded him, in order to truly show Sherlock the man he was. Sherlock had been so humbled, so astonished by John’s courage and strength in that moment; it was the night he realized there would be no other person in the world for him after John Watson. He had tracked down the song and made the text alert and a ringtone the next afternoon.
“Oi, what the bleedin’ ‘ell d’you think you’re doin’, mate?” A nasal yell came up from below, where John looked down to see the foreman, hands on hips, glaring at them.
John’s arrival back at his flat was almost anticlimactic. They parked in his reserved space and headed up to the front door, just as they’d done a hundred times before. It didn’t feel the same, though; so much had happened in the short weeks he’d been away.
“Do you want me to do any of those things, Sherlock?” John said, a note of disbelief in his tone. “Because that would be a pretty shite thing to say to someone I care about.” He huffed out a breath. “Not everyone has sex, Sherlock. Not everyone wants it, or likes it, or finds the right person to do it with.”
Sherlock submersed himself in the sensations of John wanting him, John kissing him, John against him, (all so new, all so addictive) for another full minute before he could tear himself away enough to reply. “Because we have to meet your Aunt for brunch in twenty minutes.” He dropped his head to John’s shoulder, panting lightly.
) better than he possibly ever had in his life. Also that he might never move again. Moving was boring, anyway. Much better to lay on John while stoned on endorphins.
Sherlock tugged at a sleeve to get John moving; they had to go to the morgue. While there, Sherlock had one of his a-ha moments, and soon they were staking out a flat, shivering in the dark, with no backup. As usual.
“And, my therapist suggested that I try out a few different things to see if some type of training catches my fancy. I had mentioned that you teach Aikido, and he suggested I take a few classes with you to see if I liked it.”
John’s expressive eyes drew down in concern. “Marjorie, I think you might have gotten the wrong impression. I didn’t say what I did so that you would wait for me.” He huffed for a moment and collected his thoughts. “I want you to turn your attention to someone else, who can appreciate you for yourself. I can’t give that to you. The best outcome is that we both find other people who are perfect for us, and don’t have to settle for each other just because we turned a year older. Do you understand?” John fervently hoped this little speech did the trick; he did not find it easy to speak about his feelings, and even less so when he had to let someone down. Marjorie’s face fell, and after a moment she took a deep breath.
“There, you see?” Sherlock indicated the screen, where several people strolled obliviously to and fro on the path, noticing nothing. There were an elderly couple walking slowly and looking out over the water, a small group of joggers navigating around them in a loose pack, and a bike messenger weaving in and out among them all, narrowly avoiding a collision with a petite woman in a yellow flowered sundress and cardigan who was carrying a thin fabric shopping bag over her shoulder. Her mouth moved with a protest and she flashed a rude sign at the biker as he pedaled on his way. The elder couple turned their heads with eyebrows raised - likely at the woman’s language, going by her gesture. She shook her head and hustled onward, leaving the park behind.
John snorted at that last. “You think?” he quipped. “I’m sure the staff will be happy to see the back of me in the morning, if this doesn’t delay my release.”
“Mmm… yes,” John said absently, leaning over the folder and becoming immediately absorbed in reading the forms. He felt around on the table for a pen, never raising his eyes from the page.
“I don’t like it,” Clara declared darkly. “That girl isn’t quite right, if you ask me. You take care with that one.” John nodded, and their talk turned to happier subjects.
“I’ll...” Sherlock gestured to the door vaguely, eyes still glued to John’s form for another solid minute until he pulled them away with a shake of his head. “Out there.” And he vanished through the door as abruptly as he had entered.
From the dresser, a baby monitor emitted tinny-sounding wails, while the real thing could be heard echoing down the hallway. John threw back the covers and shrugged into his dressing gown and slippers. He trudged down the hall like a zombie to soothe his fractious child back to sleep.
Duck smiled. “And that’s different from you and Sherlock, how?”
“Did he, now? Just that?”
“Well, as you’ve probably guessed, I think we are ready to talk about when you would go home.”
“Have you seen any seals yet? Have they started migrating?”
At the narrowing of John's eyes, the elder Holmes smirked.
Blue didn't speak, blue eyes cast to the floor. She shifted nervously, an animal caught in a trap to which their was to escape. Like a wild animal, her gaze didn't settle for too long on anything exactly. She spoke quickly, quietly. Her voice was articulate but not particularly commanding. World's different from John's subtle tone of leadership.
Had he gone to the authorities? Would men with weapons and hard scowls drag him away from this strange alternate dimension? Would he finally be put down like a rabid dog, just when he had tasted what he thought might very well be Heaven? Irrationally, he found himself recalling the way the soldier's hands had felt as he had washed his hair, how those rough calluses had so gently picked apart every knot until his curls had finally come apart to hang wildly about his cheeks. Those hands which so easily could have struck out at him had instead cupped his chin, stroked his ears, treated him as something precious and deserved and
“We had to put him down, but the damage was done. The Draski had more than enough ammunition to entice Firenze to their side. They’re recruiting, John. Attempting to tear us apart from the inside out.”
Like John
“Jounhin won’t disappoint, Mycroft.” Sherlock growled, temper sparking. He set his goblet down, hands folding before his face even as he leaned nearer.
Greg grit his teeth to keep from snapping at the filthy young man (man?
John, trembling and sweating, found himself being waited upon for an answer. Sherlock was
“You're almost as smart as big brother!” She grinned at him then, and the darkly-curled man leaned forward in interest, blue eyes flickering in what he hoped would be mistaken as idle curiosity instead of burning desire to
He also wondered if he would have the level of steel to turn
He watches as those blue eyes flinch just slightly, and then smooth over into grim acceptance and resignation. His shoulders align themselves with military-like straightness as if bracing himself for some sort of fight.
So when John had arrived, he had been genuinely surprised at how instantly the man had wormed a way past his defence.
Mycroft was distracted from the sound of his brother's somewhat surprising panic attack by “Anthea's” (for her name changed nearly every other week) quick footsteps. The government official looked up to see his PA was lingering in the doorway, looking surprisingly and uncharacteristically... nervous. Her dark eyes were filled an unidentifiable emotion, and her lips were pursed in reluctance even as she interrupted the government official's phone call hesitantly.
“Mike, Molls, this is Sherlock. He's a bit of a git at times, but he's my partner and friend.” His Dragon preened slightly at the words of praise, although he did his best not to look so pleased. Sherlock inclined his head to the cowering English Dragon, his voice rippling smoothly along her mental wave in greeting.
“The fire tribe and the Northern haven’t had an arranged marriage together in decades, not since Princess Eilonwy and King Marseus.”
“Oh yes! I have three of 'em. And a sister, and there's Sneak, but he's not allowed to be my brother right now cause he's in trouble.”
No song appeared.
Beside him, John felt Sherlock’s shoulders round in subtle interest. Though the Selkie seemed to be deliberately trying to act disinterested, there was an analytical cast to his features. He cocked an eyebrow, long fingers tapping against his knee.
Instead he licked his lips when she wasn't looking and went for another piece, carefully gathering data about John's strange housekeeper (Whatever
Already he was dealing with a creature that was mad at him, and probably wouldn't hesitate under normal circumstances to rip his throat out. But John figured he was probably already dead anyway if he didn't do
However.
this? He was torn between wishing he could report the horrible qualities of the Kennels to someone and wanting to just run and never turn back. He
chasing me off that easily, Sherlock Holmes.” He'd said, voice unwavering even as he took the man's agitated fingers in his own and forced him to lie still.
Without realising John sank to his knees, his mind failing to comprehend anything over the pounding in his skull, Sherlock's screaming, and his own sense of
“Wait....wait Daniel!”
With the Game beginning, Sherlock decided at first to proceed cautiously. After all, he wanted to test the waters, not blow them up before he had barely gotten started.
Shyla?!”
“I know who you are,” the Selkie murmured, and John thought to himself that it was a bad thing indeed that this creature seemed to know of him. He grunted in pain, finally giving up on standing even as he looked warily up at the creature before him. Sherlock’s brother… if that’s who this even was seemed to share the same habit of analysing, picking a person apart with their gaze. John felt like he was a clock pulled apart, pieces on display like live organs still beating and pumping blood under that stare. The Selkie’s voice was feather-soft. “You’re the one who Sherlock claimed all those years ago… that little boy he insisted would come back to him…” Brilliant grey eyes locked on him then, and a small sneer lit up the Selkie’s features, a mingling of annoyance and disgust. “You will take me to him.
“There's been a murder, four killings no sign of a weapon or hints
So why was he being
The first step towards this was slowly bringing Sherlock to getting used to sleeping in
John's voice was small, afraid. It
A firm, solid hand pressing itself against Sherlock's chest. Not groping, just resting gently on the pounding of his heart. Unafraid. Unmoving.
The Dragon felt a brief pang of something fierce warm through his chest, thawing his logical thought process and causing him to blink away pressure behind his eyes. No one.... Human or Dragon alike.... had
The rain came down in thick sheets, hard and cold and blinding. She hadn’t meant to be out, but she hadn’t been able to stand her father’s yelling a moment longer and slipped away when her servants were busy preparing her food.
“The first rule of flying-”, he stated flatly, fingers pressing down firmly on the remote. The next instant Rin was snarling, curling inwards into herself so that her belly pressed low onto the sand and her head was ducked down. The broad width of her shoulder was now at the height of Bill's waist and Murray wasted no time, gripping the dip of her scapula with ease, heaving himself up so that he sat comfortably in the large cavern where the neck of the dragon met the spine before smoothing into wings. When Rin straightened, Bill towered over the rest of the ranks, his eyes cold with something unnameable that made John's chest clench in discomfort. For just a second, there was something lost in those eyes, something dark and brooding, and the soldier wondered what his friend had seen and what he'd been ordered to do for him to not even hesitate as he continued.
His voice was small, as if he was afraid that if he said the wrong thing, the offer might be taken away.
A whisper of breath, long and exhaled.
“- He had a fever then. Wing Rot. It's mostly healed now, and he's civil if not friendly towards people he knows and trusts. It's just strangers, and it's not like he's done anything but defend his territory....”
As it was, Claude seemed to take no issue in heartily greeting the detective, moving from the chair to throw her arms around Sherlock like an
Suddently, Rania’s life was a fairytale, and not the kind with a happy ending.
as to fall for such a stupid
were they shouting? His bare toes curled around the lip of the step, his hands half over his ears as his father's familiar voice roared over the rain that fell steadily outside.
Sherlock did not move. He stood half-turned, eyes strangely owlish as he blinked at John in what could probably be described as blank apprehension. His voice was decidedly cautious as he glanced down at the soldier's hands which did not tremble, as well as his leg that did not shake. Battle-ready.
And Sherlock Holmes looked at him, brows furrowed in such deep confusion that it looked as if something had broken within his precious Mind-Palace. He stared at John, a rabbit caught between cross-hairs. Waiting for the “but”. Waiting for the terms and conditions. The catch. But no conditions came, and soon the detective wondered impossibly if they would ever come.
And John wasn't sure this time if the creature really was trying to eat him, or if he just wanted to play. It was perhaps a bit of both, as Sherlock splashed playfully in the waves, flipping onto his back to twist and dive beneath the crashing waves as they came to shore. At some point the rain had stopped, and now the froth the creature kicked up glittered like shimmering jewels in the halo of moonlight. The boy bit his lip, chancing a glance back in the direction of his home. The rock face was too steep, he would never make it in this state… besides, he was still reluctant to actually go home. The thought made his stomach twist into knots, and when given the option to swim right in front of him, well, John couldn't quite bring to himself a good reason to say no. Sherlock waited patiently for him, frog paddling in place on his belly. The water was deep, but the boy stayed afloat with both practised and natural ease. Innate. A part of John knew he was being hypnotised by that stare, those large eyes pinning him and claiming him. He found he couldn't quite bring himself to care.
She stared down at her hands, as if searching for words carefully.
Sherlock had made a scoffing sound of dismissal at the mention of a gala, yet John noticed the way the man’s eyes sharpened upon his brother’s later admission. Rising from the floor, he could tell that the detective despite his false indifference was now properly paying attention.
John was broken from his trail of thought by Sherlock’s voice, softer than it had been before.
John smiled at him and rolled his eyes, giving a two-fingered salute in parting.
“It sounds like you loved Madhu’s family very much.” John murmured, and Xavi nodded, a small nostalgic smile crossing his lips.
It only seemed to expand when Sherlock finally managed to catch him behind the leather chair, both of them toppling down to the floor, breathless and wrestling and laughing.
for editing this chapter!! :3 I hope you all enjoy!
The Water-Spirit thought to himself that John, as little as he knew him, didn’t seem like the type who’d forgive something as awful as that.
Sherlock looked at his lover as if he had gone quite mad. His blue-green eyes narrowed mutinously.
That, and a bone-weary exhaustion that caused her eyelids to droop and her shoulder's to slump in defeat. She didn't want to lie, and she was tired. So, so sleepy. Always so tired...
The soldier didn't need to guess who Sherlock was talking about. The Dragon's eyes were fixated on the Northern Dragon in the centre of the ring. Irene's scales bore the cerulean blue of painted pottery. Sherlock's eyes were narrowed in thought. Still, John couldn't help but focus on the Dragons
But the army doctor was already halfway out the door.
“What happened?” She asked, looking between John and Mycroft as if either of them might provide the answers. John, feeling his heart beating out of his ribs and nauseous, almost didn’t hear Mycroft’s reply. The frost-covered being stood, smoothly adjusting his silken robes to perfection. He tapped his parasol at his feet, and with the action a part of the floor became trellised with a snowflake dusting. His voice was dry.
John jumped as the baritone suddenly sang, words rolling and menacing in the dark. Rich like the promise of cumulus clouds on the edge of the wharf. Sherlock's expression was murderous as he pressed the bow of his lips against the scar and rumbled threateningly,
Even more frustrating was the unwanted presence of the man in the suit. He came with annoying predictability, always at four, and always clean-pressed and with a vaguely disapproving air about him. Sherlock tried hiding from him at first, using his form to climb or curl into alcoves in the halls or to tuck himself into closets or under his bed. Yet Mycroft seemed to have an innate sense of his presence, and would invariably enter the room he’d sought his escape in. He brought with him tea, sometimes food if he thought it might be a day Sherlock would be inclined to eat. He offered information on John’s welfare like treats, and the Dragon found he had trouble resisting the offerings.
