Sherlock grinned for the first time in a while, but it immediately vanished with one single thought.
They landed, and The Doctor opened the door so that Sherlock could exit first. As Sherlock walked out of the giant blue box, he looked around, eyes wide in amazement. "Where are we?" He asked.
Tonight was a very starry night. It was beautiful. I know, I don't care much about the solar system and the such, but that doesn't mean that I can't appreciate it.
"You're not a disappointment; what you did was disappointing, yes. But you are not your actions. Are you a drug addict?"
John tried so hard, but he was just so tired and sore. Within minutes, he was gone. When he next woke, it was to the sight of a hospital ceiling. He looked around the room and noticed a spare pile of clothing on a chair by his window.
Sherlock, at one point, tried to get Mycroft to dance, but his brother would have none of it - until Lestrade asked him, to which he had blushed and took Lestrade's hand in his before following the shorter man onto the dance floor.
His parents decided that it would be a nice day for a walk out into the city. Mycroft was skeptic about it because of Sherlock, but he agreed that even he needed to get out of the house for a while.
“Right. Well, if you’re not adverse to the idea, I could teach you? It would help to, erm, convince them?”
Upon hearing a door shut, Sherlock jumped up from his spot on the floor and ran down the stairs, nearly tripping himself in the process.
"Sherlock is doing better," he said. "He had a bad episode, is all. You cannot blame yourself, John. He doesn't understand some things, and that's not his fault. While he knew what you were doing and why you were doing it, his brain probably said other things."
Sherlock unsheathed his needle from under his pillow and injected himself with it. He doesn’t want to be here anymore. Not when everyone judges him. Not when all he has is an empty flat. Not when he can’t have John.
As she spoke more and more about what he does, she began to understand. The doctor told them that it's common among autistic children, and even adults.
Mycroft, who had been watching John’s every move since that day, saw John put the gun to his head and panicked. He had set up a few cameras in the flat in order to keep an eye on John. He tried talking to him about his newly found eating habits, but John just told him to piss off.
I know that I shouldn't let it get to me, that feelings are meaningless, but I can't. I just can't. It does hurt. It stings. It really hurts to know that being different (in my case) is considered
Sherlock slowly began to wake. He opens his eyes and groans at the bright light that engulfs him. He slowly opens them once more, giving them time to adjust. He looks around and sees that he was in a hospital bed, in a gown. He sighs. No doubt Mycroft would be here soon to tell him he was going to rehab. Again.
I must say, now that she's gone I find myself bored. She was an interesting case, and now that she's left, everything just seems so dull, per usual. Except John, of course. John is never boring; he can never get boring. Unless, of course, he's watching crap telly. Then he's dead to me.
I used to think that you could be both smart and playful, but it is no to be so. Growing up I was more into puzzles than anything else; aside from my soldiers, of course. I could sit for hours examining and solving all kinds of puzzles - sometimes even codes - and it would never bore me for a second.
. That makes me happy. Nothing else has ever made me truly happy than having someone tell me that it’s okay to be the way that I am.
Greg was just about to fetch their drinks when he heard it. Everyone else at their table looked at him in shock, even Sherlock. He hadn't expected anything more than the practiced kiss from John.
Sherlock frowned momentarily, but when John started talking about himself he got excited to learn more and more.
Their parents picked up on what Mycroft was doing, and they couldn't be more proud of him. After Sherlock would go to bed, they promised Mycroft that he could have an extra helping of dessert, as well, but he politely declined, saying that watching Sherlock be happy is far better than anything else he could be given.
“Leading you to do this to yourself. Please - I feel guilty. I feel like I did this to you. I felt so alone these past few months, but the moment Mycroft called and said you were in trouble, I just couldn’t ignore you any longer. I’ve been acting like a total prat. Please, Sherlock, forgive me.”
"He's amazing! He's nice, and he even listened to me ramble on and on without getting mad or annoyed! He showed me around the school and took me to my classes himself to make sure no one bothered me again."
"I'm so sorry, baby. I forgot you don't like your food touching. Mummy will fix that. There you go!" She had put mashed potatoes and peas and chicken and carrots on his plate, but they were all over one another and Sherlock's mind clicked into overdrive any time that happened.
The doctor also explained that a lot of autistic children are late in developing communication and motor skills. He suggested that they take their time with Sherlock and teach him how to do things, and that if he didn't want to do anything, then they just be patient with him as it could make him too overwhelmed very quickly.
She held him tight and began to weep as well. "It's not your fault. Not really, I suppose. You don't have to explain it, but promise me one thing; please, just give me this, Sherlock. Don't. You. Ever. Leave. With. A. Strange. Man. Again!" She punctuated each word with a slap to the shoulder. "Or so help me God, I will hunt you down myself, and kill you if they haven't already." She said softly, her face in the crook of his neck.
When they arrived back at Baker Street, Sherlock immediately went and sat in his armchair. John did the same.
Moriarty left at one point, leaving John and I on edge, but he returned only moments later with his snipers trained on us once more. John and I then came to a silent agreement that if the only way to stop this madman is to shoot the bomb and blow all of us up at once, then we would die together doing so.
Sherlock nods with pride. "Scientists are cool. They get to mess with all kinds of stuff. I like to mix things up and see what they do; Mycroft bought me a practice kit when I was ten and I've used it ever since. It's amazing."
I found nothing within the sugar, and this just frustrated me to no end. But then a thought came to mind from before; hound. I had told John earlier that it might not be a word, but an acronym: H.O.U.N.D. Then there's the words that Henry remembered; Liberty and In. But they aren't words, they're a place. Liberty, Indiana. America. Frankland had been to America recently, going by how he said cell, rather than mobile. It all clicked together then; Bob Frankland was our man. Now we just needed to prove it.
In the meantime, Sherlock lies down on his bed and enters his mind palace. He's in there for an hour or two before he returned to the real world and realized that it was now 2:00 A.M.
He pointed to the green beans, corn, peas, and lastly, a nice big chicken leg. His mother packed his plate, making sure that absolutely nothing touched, then went about making plates for everyone else.
For some odd reason, when I arrived at the scene they kept getting John confused with myself. It proved to be a good distraction, as John would keep saying that he was not who they think he was, but they would not believe him, for he held my wallet with my ID, as I later found out.
Whomever happened to lay their eyes upon them in that moment would see nothing more than two ridiculous, crazy, amazing men in love. The entire night they smiled, laughed, danced, and kissed every once in a while.
Mrs. Hudson brought them treats throughout each day along with a few comments of affection towards the both of them about how happy she was that they had finally decided to make it officially official.
The fog messed with my head, making me believe that Moriarty was there with us, but it wasn't him, it was Frankland. The moment we - I - figured it all out, Frankland began to run. We all ran after him, but he jumped a fence right into the mine field, thus blowing himself up. I had never seen something happen like that before, so I was a bit startled; but John, I'm sure, has seen it a thousand times and more.
I woke from a dream I was having about what happened earlier that day, and just when I was almost back asleep, I woke again to the sound of my phone going off; but it was not the normal tone it had been set to. Miss Adler changed it to a moan; her moan. Now every time I get a text, that is the sound it makes. She texts me constantly, but I ignore them each time. All she does is flirt, which is unfamiliar to me. I refuse to let her think that she is special in any way if I reply.
When Sherlock asked Mycroft to be his best man, he told Sherlock that he would be honored to. John asked Lestrade, who said yes in a heartbeat. Sadly for John, he didn't have that many close friends, either, so his options for a best man were very limited; Lestrade, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, and Molly seemed to be all that he has, and Harry couldn't even be arsed to reply to him any time he tried to contact her.
"Eager boy," she murmured. She took off his shirt and trousers, then replaced them with the ones they picked out. Sherlock sighed happily and made his way back out into the dining room where his teachers were. He sat at the table and continued on with the workbook they handed him that morning.
Sherlock shook his hand. He found it easy to do. He didn't feel repulsed by his touch. He found he rather liked it.
Of course I do, John. You had every right to be upset, though. I meant for it to be a surprise, but, well, you came home too early. Do you really like it? - SH
He can’t take it anymore. He can’t stand living in a world where there is no John to make it brighter. He can’t stand not having his best friend around to tell him that he’s showing off, or that he’s said something at the wrong time again.
"John?" his voice sounded broken. He'd done it. He'd lost his only, and first, friend. He was about to hang up when John spoke again.
About twenty minutes into their constant chasing, John finally caught Sherlock and trapped him under his body on the ground. The two began to laugh in between their huffs of breaths. John leaned down and kissed Sherlock softly this time, trying to put all of his emotions into what he was trying to say within this moment. Sherlock seemed to be doing the same.
"N-no . . . please don't go. Please. I need you here," Sherlock sobbed. He'd never lost himself like this before. Ever.
"You little monkey," he reached out a hand and tickled Sherlock's side. Sherlock squealed and tried to get away, but Mycroft was persistent.
A week later I follow John to a warehouse where I also found Miss Adler, who then talks to John privately. I stay hidden in the shadows because I don't want her to know that I know she is alive, but her text announced my presence. I left without a single word to either of them and headed back to Baker Street, where I then found out that the same Americans who interrupted us last time had broken in and taken Mrs. Hudson as hostage upstairs.
According to John, Miss Adler had escaped without a trace. The next day I get sent her mobile in the mail, and the day after that I am told that she is dead and to confirm it at the morgue. I can't explain how I felt, and still feel, about the situation. I suppose it made me angry, sad, and happy at the same time, although I have no idea why. Maybe because this woman is another mystery, who knows.
I called John; he was the only one I could think of to call during such a time. I couldn't stand to hear the break in his voice as he spoke. I couldn't handle that he still thought so much of me even while I was standing on top of a building that I was soon to jump off of.
I handled that situation with ease and was hoping to finally relax and have some time to myself after all these busy days, but was surprised to find Miss Adler asleep in my bed. She had come back for the phone, which I, unfortunately, failed to open while it was in my possession.
Sherlock's favorite thing to do around the house is play pirates. He explained the game to Mycroft and their father, and the two happily agreed to play. Mycroft kept Sherlock distracted long enough so that their father could roam around the house, leaving little pieces of treasure for the boys to find. Any time Sherlock found something, he'd scream 'treasure!', then run around looking for more.
For each moment he denied their assumed identity of himself, I had more time to get to them. Upon my arrival I was able to take down most of the woman's little dogs, and John was able to save Sara(h) all the while taking out the last dog. I do not know what happened to the woman, however, as I was more worried about John and getting him back to safety. He seemed alright, and said he was so, but I could see that his nerves were all over the place.
He had expected John to be glad that he wasn’t dead - glad that Sherlock had heard his speech and answered his prayers.
Sherlock fought within himself to follow John's order, but he so badly wanted to hug him. He'd hold out until he finished doing what John asked him to do.
I find it very hard to discern people's emotions sometimes. That whole rumor about us being unable to empathize is a load of rubbish, by the way. It's not easy to, but it's not exactly non-existent. We can empathize.
Donovan and Anderson didn’t look quite convinced. This is it. This is where their plan would be put into action.
friend! His name is John, just like my old bee! Some airhead shoved me out of my seat at lunch and that's when John jumped in and scared them away. I've never met anyone like him. We shook hands and I didn't even react to it like I normally do!"
"Come on, it's been a long day. I'm tired and I'm sure you've just worn yourself out crying; let's go to bed."
"Baby, even if he's not, that's okay. It's going to hurt, of course, no doubt about that. But it's not the end of the world."
Sherlock nodded slightly, his eyes downcast. He squeezed Mycroft's hand before pulling it back. He looked up, past his mother's shoulder. It's the best he could do.
When Mycroft was done helping in the kitchen and dining room, he joined John and Sherlock in the living room.
“Some of your clothes will be sent to you, but for now you can change into these,” Mycroft handed him a pair of pale blue pajamas. “Please, John, get better.” Then he left and closed the door, locking it as he went.
Their mother went to go take a nap herself, and their father went to go fishing at the pond just behind their house.
Fast forward to the next few days; Moriarty shows up again. Not physically, of course, but through a text to Mycroft. Bond Air was a failed and canceled plan. Miss Adler had something to do with it, I'm sure, otherwise she wouldn't have come back once again, asking to be protected. Unfortunately for her, she was sent away. Fortunately for her, so was I. We worked together to get her out of the situation she was in and made her disappear once more, although permanently this time.
“We could ... practice ... kissing. In private, here, and then one kiss in public should seal the deal.”
"What's going on?" Sherlock asked. "Doctor, what's going on?" he panicked, fear evident in his voice.
"I know my leaving upset you," John began, "and I'm sorry for that. I know how much it must have hurt. But there are other ways you could have dealt with it."
I'll admit that I did have a look at her body as she stepped in - if only to try and deduce anything about her - as my mind collects
"I will be extra careful. I will be fine. I will be out of the danger zone at all times. They will be bringing the people to me, love. I won't even leave the tent."
Sherlock could only continue to whimper in agony. She gently pulled his fingers free of his mouth and he screamed. She let go and he put them back in, sniffling quietly.
As they pulled up into John's driveway, Sherlock said goodnight to his parents and Mycroft before jumping out of the car to follow John up to his door.
John tried to ask Sherlock about it, but he wouldn't reply to him. He was too mad about his personal feelings being thrown out like that, and by someone he called a friend, no less. He'd never trust Anderson with anything ever again.
I noticed how you would change sweaters at least three times a day because you just couldn't pick which one you wanted to wear as they were all your favorite, so I thought up a plausible solution for your problem.
Mycroft looked down at his shoes. Maybe now that Sherlock has a friend, he wouldn't be needed anymore. He was always the one to be there for Sherlock when he needed somebody. His thoughts were interrupted when Sherlock came bounding up to him.
“I drove you to this, Sherlock! I abandoned you. I -” Realization shown on John’s face. “Oh God… I abandoned you. I left you. I - Oh God…”
"I'm so s-sorry, John! I hate myself, I do, I do. I hate that I'm like this. I hate that you're mad, and upset, and d-disappointed. I'm nothing but a failure and a disappointment. I couldn't even hold myself together for two lousy weeks!"
Moriarty and I talked for a bit; he played mind games and I gave him answers. It all boiled down to my apparent suicide in the end. He said that while he was alive, everyone he had a gun pointed at would survive; but then he killed himself, thus I had to do the same in order to protect them.
John grinned and pulled him close once more. “Sentiment is what got us together, love. Now come on, let’s go home and get you washed up, yeah?”
Once again he changed his mind and left us for good. John and I went back home - I like the sound of that.
I had a small row with John and I think I upset him. I can't worry about that now, we'll get over it in time.
Every day he would pull out his gun and look at it. He wouldn't do anything more, normally; but one day, when it just became too much, he actually put the gun to his head and just sat there, debating.
John, however, was interested to know more about said pool. Thus, he found himself calling Lestrade.
Mycroft frowned. "Forget what those imbeciles said. It is completely normal, and believe it or not, I know what you're going through. As for John, I can't tell you what might happen on that front. I'm sorry."
While at work, a few of John's colleagues got to talking about shipping out to Afghanistan to help the wounded. They asked if John wanted to go with them, to which he immediately said yes to.
John waited a moment for a sign that Sherlock was also home. When he heard a faint thud he shook his head.
The bullet knocked him backwards, causing him to fall on his back. One of the other doctors working alongside him came to his aid.
"Chicken it is. Come along, dears," she escorted them out of the study and took them to the bathroom. "Wash your hands then go sit at the table and wait patiently while I cook."
I was only moments from pulling the trigger when Moriarty's phone began to ring. He answered it, and whoever was on the other line must have changed their mind about something because Moriarty looked just about ready to strangle someone, and I'm glad that it wasn't myself or John.
I stayed at Bart's Hospital until John showed up. I was still stuck on what the code could possibly be, until John so graciously - unconsciously - reminded me with his tapping fingers. I informed Moriaty where to meet me and that I had what he left behind. A few moments after I sent the text, John received a phone call saying that Mrs. Hudson had been shot. I told him to go, and he called me a machine; quite right, I'm afraid. Even if it hurts to know.
"Who are you? What is that thing? It just came out of nowhere!" Everyone around them all talked at once, but neither Sherlock or The Doctor answered.
Mrs. Hudson, busy talking with another medic, turned sharply at the familiar voice. She gasped. "Sherlock..." She whispered to herself. Then she began walking towards him, and the next thing he knew, she had slapped him, and hard at that. "I don't curse often, Sherlock Holmes, but now is not the time for formality! Where the bloody hell have you been?! Ten years, Sherlock! Ten years you've been gone! Two years I understand, but ten? Ten just did it, Sherlock..." She fell to the ground on her knees and began to weep. "He couldn't handle it. He went mad searching for you, you know. He couldn't handle it, and he gave up. He shot himself in the - in the head. I found him in your chair, bleeding to death."
His parents, of course, agree to let him stay at John's after their trip, and Sherlock remains a ball of happiness for the rest of the week.
The older boy scoffed down at him and stood to tower over Sherlock. He was just about to reel his leg back to get in a good kick, but someone had rushed to Sherlock's side and pushed the other students away from him.
"My My My," he chanted. "This won't change anything between us. You know that, right? I'll still bug you."
When Sherlock went home at the end of the school day, he ran into his father's study to tell him about his rather exciting day.
"Of course. Just because you're different doesn't change anything. When we hang out this weekend, can you tell me a little bit about it? I only know very little and I don't want to mess anything up between us. Hey, I have to go, but let me know tomorrow what your parents say about our Bond night, yeah?"
"Sometimes, to comfort myself when things get to be too much, I hum or I listen to music. I don't like to eat certain stuff due to the textures. Some textures I just can't stand, like apple sauce, or oatmeal, and some dry foods.
"I'm not angry; I'm upset. But that doesn't matter right now - you do. Now, go back upstairs, have a wash, and then we will talk."
"I never meant to be gone for so long. Things happened. We tried to get back on time, I swear. But I guess time had other plans for us. Oh god, I should have never gone with him. I should have gone back inside, back to bed, with you. I shouldn't have left you. I've failed you, and I'm so, so sorry, my dear Watson." He snuffled.
"Wait for the right moment to tell him. It's still a bit early into your friendship, so he may not take it well. It may be months, it may be years. All I can tell you is that you need to do what you feel in your heart is right."
Sherlock grinned. "I used to have a bee named John, you know. I wouldn't really consider it a friend seeing as it couldn't talk, stand up for me, or do just about anything besides what it normally did, but it was as close as. But now I have the real thing, and you even have the same name!"
, remember? For two years. You had - have - every right to leave me. You’re not bound to me, John. You never have been. But it was … nice, while it lasted, our friendship. I only hope that one day you will forgive me for doing that to you. God only knows I wouldn’t be able to. But you, John - you’re a good man. But you’re not bound to me.” With that, Sherlock lowered his eyes down to his lap and twiddled his thumbs, expecting John to leave and never come back - again. But he didn’t.
Later, John and I checked the security footage, which showed Moriarty writing on the glass before he broke it. All it said was 'Get Sherlock', which finds me now awaiting a court case concerning him.
Their honeymoon was spent inside the walls of 221B Baker Street. Sherlock had said that he didn't care where they went, so long as he was with his husband. John agreed, and so they had spent their entire job-free week in the flat.
I wanted to help John, but I didn't know how. It's not every day you get kidnapped, and I've never been in that situation, so I just let him be. After a day or two, he seemed fine again, and our days went on. But he wasn't - isn't - fine. I can hear him at night when he wakes from his nightmares. I wish I knew how to help him, but I'm at a loss. I'm never at a loss, and that scares me. Oh, John, I'm so sorry that I am so useless.
"But what if mummy and father don't . . . what if they stop loving me? That's what this one kid said happens to people who aren't normal; and what if John stops being my friend?" Sherlock couldn't help the tears that escaped his eyes.
Sherlock pulled in on himself, suddenly very self conscious. He averted his eyes to the floor, too ashamed to even look at John.
John rushed to his side and pulled him into a kiss. Sherlock gasped and John took advantage of it, pushing his tongue into Sherlock's mouth, feeling around. The kiss was wet, but not slimy, as other boys had described when regaling their tales of kissing girls.
John gasped. "You don't know who - oh child. We're having a Bond night. My place, this weekend. My dad doesn't care if I have friends over, so long as we're quiet. You'll just need to inform your parents I invited you."
"Sherlock, you could like boys, you could like girls, or you could like both, or you could like none. Either way, you will always be loved. Do you understand?"
John stood and walked over to Sherlock. He placed his hands on either side of Sherlock's face, his thumbs caressing the soft, pale skin.
It was then that I realized his next move. I went straight to Bart's Hospital and asked Molly Hooper for help. We planned my death from then on.
I had called Angelo later that night to ask him if he would be so kind as to bring John his now useless cane, and he was all too happy to oblige. John was shocked, to say the least, but he soon realized that it was all inside his head.
But neither came; instead, someone was walking towards him, and John didn't even have to look up to know that it was Mycroft; he brought that damned umbrella everywhere, which is why it always gave him away.
Sherlock, I am so, so sorry for how I acted. It’s just - well, I saw you ruining my things, only you didn't ruin them, you made them better. Don’t bother replacing them; this is worth far more than either of them separately. God, I am such a git. Of course I forgive you. But would you ever forgive me? - JW
He thought he was doing something good, and nice, but it turns out it had only upset John and he hadn't wanted that. Sherlock couldn't stop thinking about it. How John looked as he entered the room: Angry. Sad. Hurt. It made Sherlock’s insides churn.
Sherlock nodded and stood with John, who lead the way back to 221B Baker Street. They never walked alone anywhere anymore, but together they would walk everywhere.
After a long discussion on where they should hold it, they chose Mycroft's home. Sherlock had asked him if it was all right, seeing as it was big and quiet enough, and he agreed.
Reaching out, John grabbed it and put it down in front of him. He picked up the card first, opened it, read its contents, and immediately felt bad. Sherlock was only doing what he thought was special and John and told him to get out of his sight. Slightly confused at what Sherlock wrote, he opened the box next and gasped.
They went home and put Sherlock down for a nap while they went their own ways. Mycroft went to Sherlock's room to watch him sleep. In case he had any nightmares, Mycroft would be there for him.
I demanded that Moriarty show himself, and he did, albeit smugly. As he walked towards John and I, I was tempted to just shoot him right then and there, but I decided to wait out the moment, see what his next move was going to be before I place mine.
I met someone today. Not in the way you're thinking, mind, but he's nice. Even nicer than most of the people I meet. His name is John Watson, he's an invalided army doctor, and he actually thinks that what I do is
The Doctor, feeling guilty as ever, went back inside the T.A.R.D.I.S and flew off to God knows where, leaving behind a very distraught Sherlock Holmes.
"Open the bag. Please." The medic sighed and did so, leaving Sherlock in peace. Sherlock looked down upon his husband's face and began to cry, which soon turned into deep sobs of guilt and sadness. "I'm so, so sorry, John," he picked up John's left hand and kissed his ring finger which held his own wedding band.
After Sherlock had all of his drawings hung up, their mother announced that it was getting close to supper time.
"Thank you, sir. See you," he waved goodbye and began to walk to his first class, English Literature.
John just looked at him and shook his head. “But you’re sitting here, talking to me, listening to me. Obviously you’re not dead.”
They pulled apart and Sherlock looked up at John. He grabbed one of John’s hands and placed it on his chest, under his own hand. His heart was beating faster than it possibly ever had.
John and I took Henry back to the moors to see if we could come across this supposed hound, which we did. Henry claims he saw it, but I only heard it. It was a bit concerning, but I know that gigantic hounds are less likely to exist. I denied having seen or heard anything because I knew that it was all mental, and I mean quite literally, mental. Inside our heads. I just have to figure out a way to prove that.
I think I'm getting somewhere with this case. I think that whatever is causing Henry to see this hound, to hear it's growl, is a drug. I don't know how it's getting into his system or through what, but I'm sure it is a drug.
John shrugged. "My father doesn't allow my sister and me to go out much. Says we shouldn't waste our days dillydallying and all that rubbish."
Not knowing what else to do, one of his teachers called his mother and told her what was going on. His mother thanked them and said that she would be home soon.
Sherlock nodded and followed John into their bedroom. The two of them changed clothes and slid under the duvet before pulling each other close.
"Some of my colleagues at work have asked me if I wanted to join them in tending to the wounded in . . . in Afghanistan."
“You’re to stay here until you are better, and I shall determine whether you are to be released or not. I am not doing this to torture you, John, but to merely look after you. I can no longer trust you to be on your own, and if anything happened to you, Sher-” he cleared his throat again. “Sherlock would never forgive me, even in death.”
Sherlock then looked over at The Doctor and wiped his eyes. "Can't you take us back to my original time?"
. People actually think that I'm mentally ill because I have a thought process 10x faster than they do.
And John did look. He took his time looking, and shook as he realized that Sherlock was right. John could see through him. He wasn't real. As John came to terms with this, Sherlock slowly began fading away.
He had stood in line, picked his meal, and sat down. He'd not spoken to or looked at anyone. He'd minded his own business.
It took him approximately two hours to sew the fabrics together to form one solid sweater. It was a mixture of five light colored browns and one patch of gray in the middle. It actually looked quite nice.
John sighed as his taxi pulled up in front of their flat. He was not looking forward to this conversation. He got out, unlocked the door, then stepped inside.
John nodded. "Yeah, I read a lot of medical books. I just find it fascinating, plus I want to help people, you know?"
Five minutes into what should've been a peaceful meal, he was shoved from his seat. He landed on the floor on his side, and his lunch followed suit. He looked up at who had disturbed him and snarled.
John now stood stock still, eyes glued to the ground as he waited for instructions, or for someone to speak, or for death to come grab him by the shoulders and pull him into the inevitable void.
John held him for a few more moments before pulling away. "I'm going to make us some tea, and you're going to eat something. Yeah?"
Update on my very first case; it's been solved. We lost a life or two on the way, but that's life. I know, that's probably not a good thing to say, but it's the truth. You can't always sugarcoat these kind of things. People need to know that all lives end, no matter the circumstances. Yes, it is sad, but not to me; to me it's just a life ending, going somewhere else in this enormous universe.
"If anyone messes with you, you just tell them that your older brother is Mycroft Holmes; they'll back off instantly."
I explained to the court that I hardly knew Moriarty, but from what I do know about him, he is rather a clever and dangerous criminal, and is not to be trusted at any cost. He will turn on you should you turn on him, and he is not afraid of setting himself up as he did so today in order to get caught, if not for the attention.
Sherlock had always heard that kissing was wet and gross, which is why he avoided it. But with John - oh, with John - it felt wonderful.
"Then that is his loss. You'll just have to show him how amazing and brilliant you are. You've never been normal, sweetheart. You're unique, yes. But never normal. Normal is for us folks; the boring old people. You, my love, will never be normal."
I was five when my brother told me that being smart is more important than being a regular child. He taught me how to memorize, how to build a mind palace, and how to analyze. He told me that no one would want to be friends with me unless I was smart, because who would want to be friends with someone who still plays with his soldiers?
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope you enjoy this story, and if you do not, then feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it. I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you!
Sherlock frowned. "It is for me," he whispered. "John is my only friend. He's the only one who bothered talking to me at school. He's the only one to stand up for me. He's the only one that even bothered to try and understand me, outside of family. He's everything to me."
"John!" Sherlock moved to run towards him, but then he noticed the look on John's face. "J-John . . ."
"I invited him to come with us to Uncle Rudy's, is that okay? I told him about the bees and how I had one named John, and he said he's never seen bees in person because his father won't let him do anything with his spare time. I don't think I like his father much. Can he come? Please please please?"
I noticed a while ago that a load of new people had moved into Baker Street all at once; it seemed fishy at first, but it all started to make sense once one of them told me what they were after. A key code that Moriarty so kindly left behind at our flat. They're all after it, but they're all competing for it. I don't know why, yet, and it's driving me crazy because any time one of them comes close to me, they're killed immediately.
"If he does that again and none of the usual things work to calm him, you could always make him a cup of hot chocolate with honey. I should have mentioned it earlier, but it never crossed my mind. I know, it sounds disgusting, but it's his favorite. If he won't tell you what's wrong, then that should help loosen up his mood a bit." She grinned. She said her goodbyes to his teachers, kissed Sherlock on the cheek, then went off back to work.
John doesn't realize it, but he is smarter than he gives himself credit for. Half of this case was solved by him, and him alone, while I solved the other half. He never credits himself for it though, he's always saying that I'm the one doing the solving, but that's not entirely true. John, one of these days you are going to realize that you
“How would you like to help Lestrade? He wouldn't know that we did it, but he told me he’s having trouble with money right now. If we can find out the date. then we can put on a show for them, and Lestrade could win the money.”
“Then it’s settled. We’re both forgiven. But so help me God, if you ever pull a stunt like that, or this, ever again, I will -”
When John called, the little one was already asleep against his chest. Mycroft had texted him updates on Sarah all day. She seemed to be doing fine for her situation.
The ting of the pink phone made Sherlock sit up suddenly. It was still dark outside and it took a second for him to realize what was happening.
The old man left the bedroom. The gun was hidden behind a vase in the hallway and he took it in hand. It felt heavier than it had twenty years ago when he had held it the last time, the day he had sworn to never touch it again.
Sherlock eyes were dark with pleasure. He seemed to like the endearment, John took note of it. He would maybe try his own experiment later, about all the other names he could come up with, and see which ones were most effective.
John lost all his remaining colour. Sherlock felt a little guilty, he may have been a little too brutal here… But he wouldn’t back down. He was right. John had no right to ask him to change so much. It was against his nature.
Sebastian refused to look in his direction. "And then you became obsessed with Sherlock and Shercroft Publishing. I did everything I could to stop you, but soon it was beyond my control." He finally looked Jim square in the eye. "You ruined us. We are ruined."
Sherlock laughed. "I'm glad you liked it. I don't think I've met anyone in a long time who actually enjoyed my book for what it was meant to be. -SH"
"Mummy, this isn't some horrid John Hughes film. For one, those are set in America, we're British. Two, they are fiction! Those things only happen to those that want them to."
John raised his head and snapped, "I'm sure the two of you will be very happy together." He tried to shrug Sherlock off, but the publicist held on tighter.
He looked up at the snow falling to the earth and his bitterness melted like the flakes on his warm skin.
By the time John's brain had come back on line, Sherlock was almost at the house, so he let out a whoop.
"Yeah, my dad was stationed in Seattle, Washington for a few months and was telling us how hard it was to find a good beer," John agreed. "Can you imagine all the dirty looks we would be getting if we were in America?"
"Thank you for the clothes, Mr Holmes," John said earnestly. "I don't know what I would have done if I had to spend that week in the same kit."
Sherlock sniffed, struggling to get his emotions under control. He had people he needed to call, and his brother was on the top of that list.
Angelo's was the new hit restaurant in town. Exclusive to the extreme and a waiting list that could stretch for months. Sherlock had had his reservation on the books since September and with it nearing the end of December, he was quite looking forward to taking his mother out for her birthday.
Waiting for them in front of the house like a baronet was the mysterious M Holmes. He wasn't what John had expected at all. Granted he didn't know for sure what a publisher would look like, but M Holmes wasn't it.
John took the neatly wrapped gift, complete with matching bow, from the publicist. And immediately he could tell it was a book.
Greg stood up and pulled out his pack of cigarettes. He flipped open the box and pulled out another as Bertie watched in annoyance.
"Mhmm...just last week, I lectured to his class about exotic poisons. Mike said it was a success. No one fell asleep."
"Happy Christmas, Sherlock," he replied, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist, burying his head into the broad chest of his partner.
Sherlock nodded and let them exit in front of him. He took a deep breath and then followed them out.
Greg nodded. Sherlock's life had been rough since the book came out; the fallout with Victor, the way Sherlock threw himself into the sport of fencing to get over the bastard, the way Sherlock would get close to someone only to find that they didn't care about him, or they would find out about the book and it hurt him deeply.
Sherlock shook his head. "I have so much work I have to catch up on, I'll be living in the office for the next couple of days."
May I please bring to your attention the lovely little number of chapters? As you can see there is a firm number of chapters to be wrought. Now, it might go up, but only by one.
"She's a fan, honestly. She seems to think I was stagnating in London," John said and kissed the top of Sherlock's head.
John at least was smart enough to give Sherlock a hug when the publicist dropped him off at his flat, but now he wished he had taken that kiss. Then he could have something to shore himself against the childish wiles of Mary Morstan.
But the ones like Bertie, who could speak, John found interesting. Sometimes the specters wouldn't know they were dead. Others were just trying to do some good in the world to buy a little virtue to get out of Purgatory.
But yay! New chapter. And I think because of the raise in level of angst it has made me a bit anxious. But here you go!
He glanced back to the rack and saw one of the London Eye lit up in fairy lights. John looked up, not that he could see the Eye from here, but out of all the postcards there, that one was the most true to life.
Greg watched Mycroft from the stable doors, leaning up against the frame with his shoulder, hands in his pockets, legs crossed at the ankles. Mycroft was brushing and saddling his polo horse and Greg was itching for a cigarette bad.
When John came to, he had a very worried publicist staring at him, with a ring of curious or concerned patrons of the restaurant.
here has experienced it at some point in their career, some might even still experience it. They just got better at hiding it," Mycroft explained.
John nodded and Sherlock turned around. Bertie turned back for a brief second to give John a thumbs up. Like everything was okay. Like everything was going to plan. Only
"Because he claimed that he had merely gotten lost and because he was the son of one of the members of the board."
"You do realize that after a couple of nights sleeping on the floor, you are going to be stiff and cranky beyond measure, don't you?" Sherlock asked, as he added the linen closet to his map.
Jim and Bertie shared an amused glance. Bertie tilted his head up, "What kind of information would you have that I would be remotely interested in?"
"The best. He thinks very highly of you." John smiled back. He then realized that during that whole exchange, neither one of them had released the other's hand. John coughed and then reluctantly let go. He scratched the back of his neck and blushed.
The teacher running the detention was Prof Smallwood and Greg was glad. She dealt with detention the same way she did horses; with a firm and steady hand.
"For fuck's sake, John, calm down," Mike hissed for what felt let the hundredth time since they sat down.
John took a deep breath and squeezed his eyes shut. He imagined that he could smell her perfume from here. He opened his eyes. Mary wasn't next to her latest conquest, she was out on the dance floor. She moved so slow and sensuously, John was entranced.
"Yeah, okay," Mike replied. "Just...go easy on him, yeah? He might be a prick, but he's been hurt bad."
Sherlock chuckled darkly, "Who said anything about turning it over to the police? I would have sent it to every news station and publication on both isles and watched as your reputations went up in flame."
Mike and Divya shook their head. John went up to Molly who was making herself a sandwich and asked if she'd seen it.
"Sherlock's not that kind of man," Mrs Hudson soothed. "Well, when you get back into town, I'll take you out for a nice dinner and commiserate."
And sure enough, when Sherlock Darling walked into the shop with the usual coffee and raspberry scones for Mrs Hudson, there was that little self-satisfied grin he always got when he was right. He opened his mouth to say "I told you so" when Mrs Hudson came hurrying over to greet him.
The next morning John braced himself for the inevitable peacock posturing Sherlock would exude at being right when he saw the display the way he suggested it.
Though he strongly suspected that Greg, and by extension Mycroft, had something to do with that. Sherlock didn't care, he missed his mornings at 221Books and he tried to tell himself it was only Mrs Hudson and not the former soldier that he was excited to see.
Mycroft shrugged helplessly. "Everyone was doing it and it hurt. A lot. So when I told him I wasn't ready and that I didn't want to do that again, at least not for a while, he dumped me."
John lit up and readily agreed. Which is how they had gotten to this. Freezing their arses off at the closest ATM, as John tried his new card to get cash out.
"Who is turning into quite the golden goose," Mycroft continued. "If early predictions continue to be met, I do believe we have a genuine hit on our hands."
It very much had the opposite effect. Once people found out that I had used a pseudonym, the backlash became a veritable shit storm.
Greg had gone straight from Baker Street to the Diogenes. After he had explained why Sherlock wouldn't- couldn't help him, Mycroft was on his feet and pulling on his coat, ordering Greg to tell him everything on the way over.
As they backed up through the narrow road, John settled back into the seat and sighed. This was the worst Christmas, ever.
"Lestrade!" she greeted cheerfully. "Have you finally come to your senses and decided to join the team after all?"
"I don't care!" Sherlock bellowed. "Rabbit them out of a damned hat for all I care, I am not doing it!"
Sherlock bumped John's shoulder with his own. He had just lifted his drink to take a sip when his phone rang. He pulled it out and looked at the caller-ID.
Sherlock chuckled. "Thank you, but no. He doesn't deserve the attention. No, John. I'm quite happy where I am at now. I didn't need to go chasing that past any longer. I have you."
John looked down at the pile of treats and nodded. Betting those would have felt too much like gambling and he'd been actively trying to avoid that since he'd been home. When Sherlock had brought up gambling as a bad habit to give Hamish, the hero of his book, it had struck a nerve.
Sherlock bounded up the stairs quickly and quietly, deftly avoiding the stairs that creaked. He opened the door and found, that as expected, John had crashed on the sofa. He dashed up to John's room and got the doctor's thick duvet and pillow. He brought them downstairs and made John as comfortable as possible.
"You might not be my brother's keeper, Dr Watson, but surely it hasn't escaped even your notice that he tends to eat and sleep more when you are around than when you are absent?"
"Not if you have a concussion," Greg explained. He threw Mycroft's arm over Greg's shoulder so that he could to lead him out of the house and out to the garden. "Here," he said, sitting Mycroft down on a bench. "Sit."
Mike was tempted to ask Greg to borrow a pair of handcuffs. He needed to tether John to something before he wore a hole in the carpet with all the pacing he was doing.
The rugby player turned around to see Langdale Pike, the star forward for Manchester United, hands in his pockets and a wicked grin on his face.
John laughed. "You would pick out that one detail out of all of that. But yes, you berk. I thought you were gorgeous. Still do."
number? He didn't know how to reply to that, but thankfully he was saved from making a fool of himself by another incoming message.
That hadn't been his fault. He had spent the weekend tending to heat stroke and the nastiest sunburn an Englishman could get.
"So where did you get the money for the humidifier or the food I know you've been feeding me, for that matter." John lifted his arm and took a whiff. He made a face, which startled a laugh from Sherlock.
Instantly the screaming started back up again, and bravely soldiering on, he walked into the room. Sherlock and Anderson trailed behind. Sherlock looked around and couldn't see anything.
"Oi!" Greg bellowed. Sherlock turned his head to the editor, but John kept looking at Sherlock's lips a moment longer before he turned, too.
Divya and Molly were in the kitchen area preparing lunch and hot coffee for Mike and John when they returned.
"Hello, this is Sherlock. I do hope you'll forgive me if I'm being presumptuous, but Mycroft sent me your contact information and I wanted to let you know that my business has kept me away from the bookshop longer than I anticipated. I didn't want you to think that I had been avoiding you or the shop since our return to London -SH"
Anthea sighed. Time to switch to best friend mode, she had a Mycroft to talk down. She pulled her phone out of one of the pockets that she put in the dress when she had it made.
This is where the story earns its newly minted mature rating. If that's not your thing, skip down to the first line break and you won't be missing anything other than sexy times. Though why you'd want to....*shrug*
Sherlock chuckled at the chorus of agreement from Mike and the others. "You don't have to try and lift someone over your head tomorrow."
"You could always ask Mycroft," Sherlock whispered. John had to strain to make sure he had heard him correctly.
Sherlock finally looked up at John, a wide-eyed expression of wonder on his face. John thought his friend looked so adorable in that instant. Not that he would tell Sherlock that; the detective had an aversion to things that put him in a light that went against his cool facade.
"Stunning, just absolutely stunning," John gasped. "Turn over, love." He moved back so that Sherlock could hasten to obey, arse in the air.
John took it without a word and guzzled more than half of it in one go. "Thanks, I haven't had a screamer in a while. I'd forgotten how much it hurt when they just won't shut up."
John stubbornly ignored Sherlock Darling's advice and painstakingly bridged the two scenes. He hated the bridging section, but he felt it was necessary to move the plot. There was too much that needed to be explained.
Hello darlings. The Epilogue. I was going to put it up when I got home last night, but the lackluster response to chapter five and the fact that I got home really late from watching Dr Strange after work, I just didn't feel up to it.
The assassin bride stepped her left and John stepped with her, keeping the barrel in his sight the whole time.
"We won't want for anything for a really long time. And if we keep to the modest living we're used to, it will last us our whole lives," Sherlock murmured into John's shoulder.
"Two? Really?" John asked. "I mean everyone in the family knows about John and Harry. It's through great, great granduncle Harry that alcoholism runs rampant in my family. But you say there was a third Watson brother?"
2- Soldier On!- Queer Eye fusion- Sherlock Holmes is part of the Brit Fab Five going to help "straight" guy John Watson propose to his long time girlfriend. But when John admits he's bi, it's up to the Fab Five to get John to come out to his friends, and maybe fall in love with one of their own.
What's next? Well it's supposed to be Curses! But I keep stalling out on it. But now that I don't have an excuse not to write it, it might help getting it out. However, this means that in the mean time you will most likely see more of my Good Omens stories being put up. I have a different beta for those and with how fast I was churning out chapters for this story, I haven't had time to get them edited. So now that this story is done, I should be able to devote the time to getting those edited and posted.
Sherlock sat up and shrugged his other arm out of the robe and moved the rest of it to the side. He threw his head back and moaned.
"This is the biggest, juiciest piece of gossip I've never heard, so why doesn't the whole town know?" Sherlock asked, moving to sit up on his knees.
Mike, who was also turning at the same time, had to swerve out of Mycroft's way to avoid being hit. Immediately, Mike lost control and began careening down the slope that led to the football field. When the Vespa leveled out, he was able to skid to a stop. He stood up to see that the
He opened one of the doors to his left, where the sound seemed to come from. shock made his breath leave his throat in a strangled sound.
Carefully taking John's wrist in his hand, he guided the finger out of him and collapsed on John, breathing hard.
John decided to walk to his bedsit, his leg would be painful but he preferred to walk when thinking and dammit he was not ancient, only 29 years old and whatever Ella’s opinion, he should be able to walk 20 minutes if he wanted!
Omega distressed pheromones spread in the flat, trying to appeal to his alpha, but John was immune to it. Janine may be an omega but she was a threat to HIS pack, HIS family, HIS little girl and wouldn’t tolerate it one more second!
That’s how a few hour later you could see all the unusual family members of their strange pack gathered around the babies cribs brainstorming enthusiastically for names. Somehow it had transformed in a battle for the most unusual name they could think of.
As promised, the day at the planetarium had been fun. But Sherlock wasn’t done spoiling him rotten. They had just left Leanna with Molly for the night, clearly the brilliant man had some other ideas in mind for the evening.
Groaning, Sherlock rolled off of him and John climbed out of bed, just after he stroked Sherlock's hair.
“She is alive.” Molly finally said. “She is awfully pale… but she doesn’t seem hurt… Right John? She looks…fine.”
Without a doubt and with cold determination, John walked to the men, gun firmly pointed to Moriarty’s head.
“Hey, you!” An older boy called him. Malo didn’t like the tone of his voice and tried to ignore him.
“Stop Sherlock, I was teasing, I’m sorry. Of course I want you and Leanna to stay here! I was downright panicking not 5 minutes ago because I thought you wanted to find your own flat, had found your own flat, wanted to leave ...me!” he managed to not say the last word out lout, “And I don’t want you to change anything! You’re my friend of course I like you just as you are. And Leanna’s well-being is important to me too. I love her. I am sorry if I made you doubt that!”
“I want us to make love to each other and enjoy every single second of it. I don't ever want one of us to do something they don't want. Maybe, one day you will let me penetrate you and enjoy it as much as I enjoy you fucking me. Maybe not. It doesn't change anything. I love you.”
Sherlock thought about it, imagined Sarah in intensive care, maybe she would have a miscarriage over the next few days due to the stress and the influence of an unbonded Alpha. John would be devastated and maybe rude in his grief. He didn’t want Leanna to experience all of that.
“Oh John, are you truly an idiot? I should have been able to deduce there was something wrong with that footage. I let emotion blind me! I can already hear Mycroft, Caring is not an advantage, it’s found on the losing side! John, I let my feelings for you control me and I let you down. I didn’t save you. You could have died. Really died! And it would have been my fault!”
“Okay…” John couldn’t help feeling relief. Nothing life threatening., “Do you think this vocal cords malformation is due to Sarah’s abduction?
John had just received an invitation from a famous talk show to talk about his unusual relationship with another alpha. His mother had sent him the offer and strongly advised him to accept. “You should be the first to give information. You will be able to choose what you want to say, what you want to share. If you don't, the media will give their own view. They won't let go if you ignore them. Your blog is working; there is more and more positive feedback! And you're lucky the media still doesn’t know about Sarah and the pregnancy. Janine's court case  is in a few months, this kind of information won't stay a secret forever, and it can soon turn ugly if you don't play your cards well!”
“Is it true the omega population in Afghanistan is very important? I heard almost all the girls are omegas and really respectful of Alpha authorities! You must have had a good time!” Roger was laughing so hard, his whole body was shaking and too occupied ogling the barmaid to see the dark look Sarah and some other people were giving him.
Sherlock slowly slipped off the chair and turned around in John's arms, kissing John slowly, arms wrapped around his neck. “It was not finished this morning and it is not a present for you, directly.”
It was too much, so many inputs, too much pleasure! After the strong stimulation of his prostate and the extremely delicious things Sherlock was doing to his nipples, John felt the familiar tension of an impending orgasm… He couldn’t stop it… Too much, he exploded with a cry.
Sarah took the news better than he thought, when John expressed his surprise about her resilience, she laughed, “John, after everything that happened, the only thing I care about really is that the babies are alive and in a relative good health. If our little boy is mute, well I have no worries we will able to adapt.”
“Oh.” Sherlock must have seen the monster very badly hidden under his towel, “Did you hide your gun or are you happy to see me?”
“Doctor Watson” the little voice of a nurse interrupted his thoughts, “there are patients in the waiting room already.”
Sherlock got one of his phones, the one Mycroft didn't know about, out of it's hiding place. A little bottle found its way into the pocket of his coat. During his cases, he often hide his true second gender, betas were less noticeable. He packed tissues and Leanna's medicine, before calling someone who would become essential to his plan.
Except that Sherlock wasn’t at the restaurant still. He had texted him, Lestrade knew to not bother him today… Why wasn’t Sherlock here? John was beginning to worry…
“You. What you said. Yesterday. Hum… it sounded awfully like a …. proposal.” Sherlock finally explained.
They were going to shop for new Christmas decorations, John had nothing and he wanted Leanna’s first Christmas at Baker Street to be fairy-tale like. He had a very funny argument with Sherlock about introducing Santa to the little girl.
Sherlock eyes were beginning to flutter. He was waking up and John panicked, he didn’t want to be seen looking at him, and not knowing why exactly, closed quickly his eyes.
He didn’t really sleep. He lay awake, thinking about his father and Sarah, the babies. He had been looking forward to their birth, had grown to like the thought of two more children in the house, John’s children. Now, they could possibly die and it was all Moriarty’s fault. Sherlock hated him with a passion and wished he could have been the one to kill him, slowly and painfully.
“It’s not about the cookie and we are not going to talk about something bad, little mouse” John chuckled.
John felt like he had just swallowed a heavy rock… No, they had done all they could to protect Leanna from all the circus…
John couldn’t speak anymore, too occupied with laughing and being happy. And effectively, his groping had to stop when Leanna came back with a bundle of mistletoe. She looked very proud.
When finally they opened the door of 221B, John was very eager to finally get his hands on his mate and it was with a carnal smile that he asked while his hands were beginning to divest Sherlock, “So, my love, do I get to unwrapped my most treasured gift?”
Sherlock was surrendering himself, finally! He stopped trying to talk and just… answered to John's touch. He opened his legs and mouth wider and let the man ravage him, the wall and his hands around John securing him. Better, the detective was now initiating, groping, answering each attack by another one.
Mycroft's office was a plain room with white walls and a wooded floor, no pictures on the wall, no knick-knacks on the desk. Sherlock found his older brother standing by the window looking outside at nothing in particular.
John quickly divested himself of his coat and shoes and took Sherlock’s head between his hands to kiss him, devour him. The man, still tall on his knees, with nothing to hide, was too much for the soldier to control anything in his ardour. John had never gone from slightly excited to fully and painfully aroused so quickly before and it made him dizzy with desire. Sherlock was groaning and moaning under his assault, making him wilder in his ministrations. There were so much to touch and smell and taste! It was deliciously maddening…
Sherlock looked at Janine as she was lead out of the courtroom by two officers. Fifteen years for her part in Sarah’s rape. Both John and he had to give their statements, as had Sarah and now Janine had been convicted for her crime.
Sherlock tricked the owner of Janus cars into letting him have a look into his wallet. His tanned skin had been suspicious, even more so after he had denied having had one. A liar. That made two liars in one day.
“What? When? Why didn’t you tell me!” John was astonished by the news, he had believed Harry’s job was secure, she had told him she liked the job it.
John felt himself finally surrendering to the pleasure, Sherlock’s shaft was sliding against his while the big musician’s hand made a warm hole for their cocks to slide against. Sherlock’s rhythm increased, John could feel him undulate and pressed against back while he whispered in his ears.
“I have told you about the article. It is not very common for two Alphas to love each other, that's why I have been hiding as a Beta, as you know. After the article Daddy has experienced people judging us. That makes him sad. And angry. He cares about what people think and he doesn’t want them to think we are...strange.”
John trusted his hips involuntarily, his head falling down, as he buried his face in Sherlock's neck. “God, Sherlock. I want that to. I want to be inside of you. But... but please, love, let's take this slow. How about we just go on snogging and see where it takes us?”
“She… she always texts me in the evenings and first thing in the morning. She didn't, yesterday and today and I… I thought maybe she wasn't feeling well. And this morning I went to her flat like every morning. She picks me up and drops me of here before going to the clinic. Today, she didn't open the door.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, the arousal that had died down, stirred up again at the possessive gesture. “You are. You are mine. We don't need this for you to be mine.”
A week later, they were at Clara's house. They arrived a little late due to Leanna’s nap, so there were already lots of people in the garden behind the house.
There was a lot of noise and the kids were all excited, running around and discovering the new classroom.
When he left, John felt some nurses’ eyes on him. He didn’t think Janine’s trial and what had happened between him and Sarah had filtered out yet, but rumours where already forming and spreading. In the medical circles, gossip was unavoidable, it would spread one day, it was inevitable. John wondered about finding work somewhere else…It would be very difficult for he and Sarah in few months, when the pregnancy will be noticeable. The scents will tell people all they needed to know about who impregnated her…
“Yes, we promise,” And John gave her his little finger. “Do you want to cuddle with your father and me?”
“I didn’t let you” Sherlock cut him off, “I couldn’t deal with your emotions… so I did what I know best, closed myself against it, focus on the cases, on facts, clues that can’t be disturbed from an emotional mind.” The detective continued with a soft voice, weak from all the crying.
John’s clothes disappeared, who needed clothes? John reached Sherlock in the centre of the pool. The water’s temperature was perfect and not very deep but he didn’t care, all his attention focused on the man. He didn’t question why he was here, didn’t want to talk. At. All. Sherlock was handsome, John watched the water falling from his curls with rapturous eyes, he could almost taste it.
John sighted for the hundredth time. It was not what he had planned for their Christmas holiday… He had wanted to try test the waters with Sherlock and feelings, maybe trying… well… John didn’t exactly know what he had hoped. Obviously he wasn’t very high on the detective’s list of priorities.
Sherlock ended the call, wrapping his arms around John and kissing his hair. “She’s alive. She… we can go see her now.”
He would find another place for them to live. They would go see a doctor tomorrow. Now, they both needed sleep.
“Yes! I want to play doctor!” Leanna was very enthusiastic, Molly was always very good at playing pretend-
Sherlock loosened his grip so John could pick... their.... daughter up. Leanna snuggled into them both and it was a little uncomfortable for both the doctor and the detective, but neither of them was willing to give up their positions in favour of a cuddle in the doorway.
John’s heart was warm with love and affection. Leanna’s enthusiasm was infectious and he took one of the presents and gave it to Sherlock, “This one is for you, love.”
When John finally got closer, he could see that Sherlock had curled up, head against his knees, hands in his hair, pulling hard.
“Sherlock, love. It's already half past nine. Molly should have been here an hour ago. She didn't pick up her phone either.”
The detective went from drowning to flying and he didn't know how to process it. John. John was there to help him, to hold him.
While he listened to Sherlock and Molly’s conversation, John felt like he was progressively drowning. He couldn’t breathe while he imagined all the reasons that could explain Sarah missing her reocurring appointment with Molly… Every new one more dreadful than the last… The young woman might be dead somewhere while he had been making love to Sherlock!
He opened his eyes and look down at John to find the sadness gone, replaced by a trust Sherlock probably didn't deserve.
“You’re sure? I called a cab, we can share.” Sarah had so much understanding in her eyes, maybe a little hope… John just couldn’t deal with it right now, he didn’t want her pity! And he was still feeling the adrenaline in his body, he couldn’t stay put one more minute, to walk it is.
“I … my name is Sarah. I… they are doing a change of guards every morning. I… I have never seen you before, are you…?”
“Kept scratching it. Obviously irritating him, and bleeding. Why? Because he’d recently had a booster jab. Hep-B, probably. Difficult to tell at that distance. Conclusion: he’d just come back from settling Ian Monkford into his new life in Colombia. Mrs Monkford cashes in the life insurance and she splits it with Janus Cars.”
“I thought I should tell you, because, yes, some worry you could become aggressive but they will change their mind. I’ve seen you working here for a month; you are always very patient with everyone.”
Mycroft Holmes forced a bitter smile on his face and Anthea knew him well enough not to wait for an answer.
John was stressed, waiting in the white room for Sarah’s doctor appointment to start. There were Christmas ornaments and little Santa figurines everywhere, along with the baby photos on the wall. The 25th December was just a week from now.
“Mycroft.”, John said in a way of greeting, “not used to seeing in you anywhere but Baker Street or abandoned buildings. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Yes!” John cried, he didn’t want to dwell on doubt, everything was perfect so far, so, so perfect! The strong scent of Sherlock helped him to let go, he trusted the man, loved him.
“Your daddy's heart is very big. He has space for all of us in there. Well, his heart is very average size probably, working very sufficiently in pumping blood through his body, keeping him alive, but... oh, there he is.”
Sherlock put her in her bed for a nap. John couldn’t let the melancholy settled, he went to their room and took one of the present he wanted to give to Sherlock. He felt a curious mix of excitement and apprehension about his mate’s reaction to his gift. It wasn’t much but he hoped it would keep Sherlock’s mind away from his gender deception and Moriarty’s case. And that he, well…wouldn’t feel it was too romantic or cheesy of him… Oh great, now he was beginning to have second thoughts…Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea…But when Harry had shown it to him, he had thought it would be a good gift for Sherlock…
Leanna beamed. Her friend Marco always talked about his family, now she was able to talk about hers too. She went and began a new drawing, she wanting to give something to Santa to thank him for his gifts. Her fathers were in the kitchen whisperings and giggling. Leanna was happy to see her Papa laughing; she had been used to a father a lot more reserved with showing his affection. She liked the changes even if she didn’t remember her life before Baker Street very well, she still thought sometimes about Mother and Granddad and Grandma. She felt her Papa's reluctance to speak about it, so she didn’t often ask about it.
Leanna squealed, when she saw the man in their sitting room, running up to him, hugging his knees. The older Holmes brother picked her up and she buried her face in his chest. “Uncle My.”
“Papapa,” Matilda squealed and he leaned over to kiss her too. “And happy birthday to you as well, little lady.”
“Your Mummy has a lot to do, my lioness. That's why I thought the two of us could go away for a while, leave her alone.” He hated lying to her.
John hugged him and for the first time in which felt like weeks they kissed again. The adrenaline from a solved case made Sherlock greedy, but the ting of the phone interrupted them.
He could feel the smile against his neck, but he knew it didn't reach John's eyes. “Thanks for the comfort, love.”
In his arms, Sherlock sensed John beginning to shake, he could feel the silent tears soaking his shoulder.
“Hi. You are Sherlock, right? John told me to bring this little one over, while they are still working on number two. She’s all healthy and just needs a cuddle.”
Pressing a kiss to his cheek, John forced a smile on his face. “I don't want to talk about it here. No, don't look at me like this, love. The babies are fine. Just, not here.”
John remembered when they had arrived to the Holmes’ Manor. Sarah was already with the paramedics, ready to go to the hospital. She was a mess, obviously tired and pale from lack of sleep and sunlight, a river of tears falling from her eyes, silently. It seemed then that she would never be able to stop crying, her hands protective around her belly. But John just felt such a joy and relief seeing her. She was alive! Gods, she was alive, John hadn’t caused her demise by choosing Sherlock after all, they still all had a chance to be a family, to be happy when time had passed to ease the painful memories.
Maybe it was the alcohol (wishful thinking on his part), but John lost his control and caught Roger by the throat and whispered in his ear, “Don’t talk about omegas like that, you little scum! My work was to protect and defend the population against terrorist attack, NOT to be a predator myself! Or allow it by anyone else! If you think I will let you say that omegas are just promiscuous and can be…”
“Mostly”, Sarah chuckled, “I am still in contact with my father and a cousin. But, just…How could you deduce about my ex-husband, how could you know about that?”
Sherlock moaned at the first touch of John’s tongue. This sound… It didn’t need more for John to feel like he was on fire! Sherlock was alive against him and it was such a gift! He was paying a terrible price for it, losing Sarah and his children, but now, now he needed his mate.
Stupid, stupid fight… Now he felt like crying… He had to do something… He couldn’t let their relationship deteriorate any longer. For the first time, he felt like his relationship was in danger… And now that all his anger had cooled down, he could see Sherlock’s point…
Taking a few breaths after his tirade, John realised what he just said. The detective wasn’t looking at him.
“I know.” Sherlock rubbed his nose against the place behind John's ear. “It was stupid of me to think I could solve a case without my doctor.” Now that he had the doctor once again in his arms, all the fight and anguish that resulted because he had been too stubborn to try and communicate with John seemed… a price too high to pay. He should never have left their bed.
First, John thought Molly was worrying for nothing… He had expected some gentle rebuff from Sherlock about worrying without reason… Maybe some dramatic gesture about how omegas worried too quickly while flouncing on the couch. But Sherlock’s stillness was a big clue that it was wishful thinking on his part. The detective didn’t tease Molly about dating Sarah, or brag about knowing it since the beginning… No, he was intensely listening to her, exactly like he would behave if she was a witness from one of their cases…
Leanna was sitting on his belly, looking at the man beneath her with a mix of pity and professionalism. She was wearing one of John's lab coats, sleeves rolled up and Mrs. Hudson's spare glasses on top or her dark curls.
John was finishing tidying up the living room when he heard his phone vibrating on the table. A text.
John took their members in his hands and imposed a faster movement, to bring them to climax. The soldier couldn’t concentrate enough to kiss properly Sherlock, so he licked this long neck, took those lovely sage, mint and ashes scents, soo much more potent now! Sherlock was moaning and grunting shamelessly and suddenly he jerked and came violently against him. It was all he needed to let go himself and lose all control.
“John… JOHN!” Sherlock cried when he realised the doctor was paler and paler, “John! Sarah is alive! I am sure of it!”
“I am not meant to give you the information I will give you now, but I trust you will use it for a good purpose.”
“Yes, with Papa and Nanna. Papa chose the mold, I help to mix and I made the colours!” Leanna explained proudly.
Sherlock quickly left the bed, but not fast enough to avoid the cushion flying. John was a sniper, his aim was always accurate, “Git!”
“He's staying with us. We are a family. Sarah and the baby will be an addition and to be honest, I don't exactly know how we are going to manage that, but we will not lose Daddy.”
Sherlock grabbed John's hand and pulled him out of the hospital and onto the street. He hailed a cab and they paid the cabbie extra so he would hurry. Sherlock phoned Mrs. Hudson to make sure she was home and when they arrived they ushered her to the empty basement flat.
Sherlock was shifting; his strong arms came around John’s chest as if he felt John’s distress, and curled as close as possible. John’s heart was bursting from happiness at the sight. He didn’t care about everything else if he got to fall asleep next to Sherlock for the rest of his life.
“Leave your coat here. Can't have the beeper with us. And hide your face behind your hair.” He pulled the tie from her hair. Moments later, they walked down the hallways of the A&E, the only people they met on their way patients Sarah didn't know and a nurse that hurried past them. Sarah didn't dare to look at them.
John Watson had been in love before, or he had thought so, but nothing came close to what he was feeling right now for the man beside him. He wanted to touch him, claim him again! And if he believed the detective closeness in the cab, so did he.
Janine was pretty and sweet, if one, unlike Sherlock, didn't look deeper than at the facade she presented. He would've been blind not to see how pretty she looked in her plain, champagne coloured dress and light make up. A picture of innocence, a perfect omega, a caretaker. She smiled at every single one of their 346 guests, her hand in Sherlock's and she let him lead her to their bedroom after the wedding reception.
Sherlock was beautiful, his hair in disarray and obviously having difficulties to keep standing up. John felt a new wave of adrenaline course through his body and took the man in his arms.
Leanne looked up at him with big blue eyes, questioning, but at the same time she seemed to be excited about going on an adventure.
“Hum… Lucky me your brain is only one of the many asset you have that I love” Sherlock cheekily answered, looking down at John still spread on the bed, entirely naked.
“Yeah, sorry, see you later.” He hesitated but… “Hmm, and…hmm you should wear some clothes on or hmm put the heater on, don’t catch a cold. Bye”
John, still singing, had just checked on the biscuits currently in the oven and was now coming over, taking Sherlock by the hands. They started moving slowly in the small kitchen, chest to chest, John's chin against Sherlock's shoulder, humming into the detective's ear. This wasn't really dancing, it was some ridiculous movement to even more ridiculous music but somehow everything became less preposterous when it involved John. Especially if said John had his arms wrapped around Sherlock's neck.
John seemed excited and scared at the same time. Sherlock had felt that way five years ago and at the same time he didn’t know how John felt at all.
John wanted the best for hime. John was his protector. And Sherlock was grateful for it. John looking out for him and sometimes taking control in the bedroom didn't make Sherlock less of an alpha. Neither did the sex.
“Happy birthday, Papa. Wake up, we made breakfast.” Pecking his cheeks and nose, the little lioness seemed more excited about the birthday then Sherlock.
“Hmm, John, from what you have told me and the few times I saw Sherlock myself, I don’t think you should discard his behaviour as just an experiment.”
And to see he was still able to make Sherlock blush… well it made wonders to his ego and… his lower parts was becoming interested in the conversation.
John hurried to go back to Sherlock. His parents could be… overly enthusiastic. But it seemed he shouldn’t have been worried. Leanna was with her father and was charming everyone. She was showing what she had made out of salt dough. Everyone was properly impressed, Leanna was beaming and Sherlock looked very proud.
John was taken aback. He found himself typing out a rejection but before he hit send he sat on the side of his bed and thinking. What was the harm in asking the man over? He was already taking contraceptives, so he would only be firing blanks. Although, how well did he know this man? Well he was Molly’s cousin and when they met twice before he hadn’t seemed like the clingy, 'want to get bonded right away' type. But John would be quite vulnerable... but John ‘Three Continents’ Watson hadn’t enjoyed his rut in half a year and there was something quite different about it compared to day to day sex. Besides there was something thrilling about rutting a non-partner. This would be his first male omega to ever do anything with... well not ANYTHING anything. He lived with one after all, but this would be the first-time dating a male omega or rutting or whatever this was. His heart constricted a little with this thought. It was funny how life presented itself wasn’t it? The one male omega he did share his life with and the one who he wanted to share his rut with was already taken. “Married to his job,” as they said. But John won’t let his feelings spoil their relationship. Many a time his traitorous mind conjured up reasons for why Sherlock needed to interrupt his dates. But the truth of it was it was always the face value reason. Deadly circus troop killers were actually on the loose, London needed saving from mad men and Sherlock needed someone he can trust. John was very glad to be that person, but that didn’t stop the little niggle of hope that Sherlock was jealous and would one day accept and return his feelings.
John stirred against his back. Sherlock looked behind him and saw John waking. There was hesitation but no regret in John’s eyes and body language.
As the day light broke through the window, Sherlock went to place John’s arms around his waist. John made minimal fuss and once his arms was around Sherlock’s waist he tightened around. Sherlock smiled like he was a cat who got the cream. The walls in his palace had gotten a new coat of paint, John no longer had a room and rather shared his own space in his palace.
“Sherlock, is it my rut? Do you need me to leave?” Concern was written all over John’s face. The smaller man was surprisingly strong and so full of moral fiber. Sherlock let out a keening whining noise.
He went to the kitchen to pour the glass. By god it really was a mess here. When he came back to pass Matt his glass, their hands grazed each other and both men shivered. It was starting up. An alpha in rut and omega in heat; the combination is primal and powerful.
And John realised he didn’t, in fact he may prefer it. Heat pooled in the bottom of his stomach. John emitted a low growl and surged forward to kiss him. He hadn't expected the evening to move quite so quickly. Matt gave a little yelp of surprise but kissed back with equal ferocity once he found his footing. Good to know that he still had it.
He straddled John and pinned him to the mattress and growled, “mine,” lowly into John ear and grinded himself on to John. He hadn’t even known he was wet.
The flare of John’s nostrils told him everything he needed to know and Sherlock dove kissing and nipping away at John’s neck. John pushed him off a little so that they were eye to eye. “I’m going to need more than that. Help me catch up.”
Matt took a sip and let his eyes wander all over John. “I have never had sex in a place that smells like this.”
His head suddenly became lighter and he could hear the blood rushing in his ears. His hands started to tremble. His alpha was with some omega-male harlot. There was a sharp pain in his gut. Some part of him reminded him that it was not ‘his alpha’ but it was quickly tucked away into the dark corners of his mind.
He had just finished buttoning his last shirt button (dates were shirt sort of occasions not jumper sort) before the bell came. Perfect timing. He bounded down the stairs and patted down his shirt. Open, smile apologise for the mess.
John knew what he meant and went to apologise but Matt went on, “before we go on the press says you aren’t an item and you aren’t, right?” John nodded. Matt grinned pulling John forward towards him and placing his hand on Matt’s waist. Matt’s hands looped around John’s neck. “I hope you don’t mind me being terribly forward.”
They moved quickly up the stairs. Moments later they were so engrossed in each other’s presence that they did not hear the soft click of the door as keys unlocked the front door.
Was that still in his hand? Now that the intruder was gone, he had no further use for it and flung it away. While his hands were free, he undid the buttons of his shirt.
John must have felt his gaze as his own shifted from the newspaper. “What? Do I have jam on my face?”
You don’t care and that’s why you are mine… and I am yours.” Sherlock never knew opening himself like this could be so terrifying but amazing. He never wanted this moment to end. Just them in Baker Street, John’s rose tea scent mixing with his own citrus scent.
From a few paces away Sherlock could smell that there was something off. An omega in heat, a forced heat at that. Sherlock frowned deeply. This was a scent was a… male omega. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and his lips were set in a frown. The door was opened willingly, and he can smell the lingering scent of John. This was John’s stupid date. The date he was supposed to have cancelled. He cursed himself for his arrogance, for assuming John had cancelled. He was sure that John had cancelled clearly this man threw himself at John, something akin to a serpent coiled in Sherlock’s core. He felt unwarranted hatred of the man, but let’s face it, most people are at least stupid there was a good chance this man was as stupid as the rest of the population and probably even more so if he thinks he could… he could… Sherlock made himself stop in his thoughts. There was a package in his mind palace that he had felt unready to open for years now. Acknowledging… whatever this is would mean he would need to open it.
He found his way into the kitchen. His things were mostly in there. Oh Good. He found a dissection knife and it found its way into Sherlock’s hand. There was a part of Sherlock’s mind that reminded him that this was exactly like the cases he refused to take and to not be so pedestrian. But once again it was tucked away. The interloper needed to leave, and he will do it by force if necessary. He could see that the package in his mind palace was torn and something had gotten out, but he didn’t have time to chase it. All he knew was that John was his. Oh John, how could he do this to Sherlock? Wasn’t Sherlock enough? If he had asked Sherlock would have been the one. As he started to despair there was a shuffling and a bump of John’s dresser.
