"Why would you retire if you got everyone out?"
"Why is Tony your hero?"
Tony groaned.
"I want to feel like this at the end of all our dates. You smiling at me, holding my hand, promising to stay over ..."
"TONY STARK'S PLAYBOY WAYS MIGHT COST HIM EVERYTHING"
"Each time he fired me I would show up the next shift with a smile and a cheeseburger. Well-done, no pickles."
"I am not permitted to reveal the contents of the Steve Rogers files to anyone except Mr. Stark and Miss Potts. However, yesterday the folder was renamed 'Captain Biceps.'"
TW: Casual Homophobia
“So do you.”
“God, I can
“They have to remove the magnet, which is literally
The moment they stepped into the limo to go home, a full ninety minutes earlier than anticipated, Tony hugged him.
“The people who know who I am, Sam.”
-try it!”
“I’m embarrassed.”
“I am upset because I could lose
"Colonel Rhodes, Air Force. We met at MIT and he's stuck by me ever since." Tony's expression darkened as he added, "The only one."
"We weren't properly introduced," Steve said. He offered his hand but Mr. Stark waved it off. "I'm Steve Rogers."
"Nothing much. Ten Rings held you captive somewhere in the Hindu Kush. You were there about three months and made a weapon to escape. Anything else you want me to know?"
Thor grinned and said, "That is for you to determine, my friend."
He huffed, “How does everyone know who I am?”
Steve goes on his first date with Tony Stark at a shitty diner he secretly loves. The date goes better than he thought it would.
"No, that would require a specific override of privacy protocol."
Steve got the feeling Tony would enjoy spending money on him far more than Steve would like it himself. They walked out the front door and there weren't any cameras. A few people pulled out their cell phones but nothing like the professional variety of their first two dates. As if reading his mind, Tony said,
“Okay.”
Steve kissed him. No cameras, no people, no reason other than he wanted to. He could feel Tony smiling against his lips and pulled him closer. Tony broke away to say,
"What the hell are you doing?"
“I believe that.”
"Be careful in there."
Tony began swiping through Steve’s photos and smiled at some of them.
He left the shop at 11:09 and raced across the street with his hands clamped firmly around both of his takeout boxes. It was a thirteen-minute walk, but if he played the crosswalks right he could be there in ten.
“Oh.”
“Is it the money, then?”
“You’re funny,” said Tony. “I like you. How the hell did you get in here?”
invite you to join them at the celebration of their marriage
They walked toward the exit and Tony's grip was tight around Steve's fingers, but he didn't mind. Steve whispered,
“Tony invited himself over to my apartment and started fixing things. The sort of things a landlord would repair if they cared. He does it, though, because he wants to earn affection. He isn’t comfortable asking for it unless he feels he has done something to deserve it. I don’t know how to make him understand he doesn’t have to buy me things or fix my stuff for me to like him.”
“I would have followed her up, but this ass doesn’t fit in an air duct.”
Steve blinked. He stared at Miss Potts, then blinked again.
Steve sat up and twisted himself so they were face-to-face.
"Roger Stephens," Tony said as he picked apart some crust, "clever. You only have three friends, though. No status updates, no one posting to your wall, and no photos."
“I will. It’s good to hear your voice.”
“I put my number in while you were sleeping.”
"So bored."
“What are you doing here? We talked last night and you said—”
"You've had a hell of a week," Ross added. "Saw you all over TMZ."
“Look, I don’t know a lot about your world, Tony. The more I experience, the more I think the quiet life in Brooklyn ain’t so bad.”
“Because I still love you. So, so much Peg. Maybe not the way I used to, but I can’t think of a single person I’d fight for more than I’d fight for you. I want the best for you, and not
“Fair.”
“Tony does what he thinks is best. Always. Sometimes, even when it involves you, he won’t tell you about it. I couldn’t live with that. You need to get him to communicate with you openly. Let him know there are no reasons to keep secrets.”
"No, Steven, I don't believe you are. I think you spent a very long time in an environment where being with a man was not allowed and, if revealed, could mean the end of your career. It would end the life you believed you wanted. After hiding for so long, this incredibly personal part of you has been exposed for the world to see. Were you having second thoughts about the contract?"
"Thorapist?"
No, he called the only person he knew with a car. The phone rang six times, each of them more frustrating than the last because Steve simply wanted to walk out the front door like a normal person.
“I know, but …”
“Nat told me you’re going to Peggy’s wedding.”
"I suspect you chose me for this because you knew that wouldn't be all."
“I saw this photo of you and Stark, and it reminded me of us. When I’d see him, I always met him with a hug. He’d kiss me on the forehead and say, ‘Hold me closer, tiny dancer.’” Nat swallowed thickly before she continued. “I think of him less now. It’s been years and I am trying to focus, but there are moments when I lose it and I feel him again.”
When he arrived back at his apartment, Steve looked up at the building and thought,
“Looking good, Steve!”
“Tony and I are getting married.”
"Tony!"
“What?!” Steve grinned. “Where?”
“Late last year, I kind of had a heart attack.”
“Really?” Steve admitted, “I don’t notice.”
"Rogers?" Tony wrapped his fingers around Steve's shoulder. "Hey, hey, snap out of it. You're here with me now, okay?"
Steve offered the top box, but Tony immediately said, "I don't like to be handed things."
“You can call me Steve.”
“Yes!”
She cautioned, "Don't thank me just yet. Yesterday was a hell of a day. Good luck."
“Why do you say that like it’s a problem?”
"How do you know who I am?"
“Doesn’t matter if you are, because it doesn’t hurt any less.”
"I will buy you fifty thousand Rolexes for that."
"Well yeah, who the hell decided to go to a diner on a first date? With all his money he should have flown you to Rome or some shit like that."
"He died."
Thor asked, “What about that question bothered you?”
“I’m not embarrassed about what I said. I imagine it was what I’ve been thinking about for hours. I’ve been struggling to figure out how to say it, and it turns out I’ve already told you.”
“Morning, Steve!”
"Good then," replied Steve. "You can stay."
"And Mr. Stark usually gets what he wants?"
Tony obliged him and haphazardly tossed the wrench onto the table. Steve pulled up his photos, clicked the one he wanted, and handed the phone to Tony.
“That’s why I’ve got you, right?”
Tony was set to land around seven on Monday evening, so Steve sent a quick text at one.
“You said that Stark changes when the cameras are around. Give him a day with no cameras. No need to impress people. A day where you show him that he is enough for you.”
“I think he thinks I’ve done things that I haven’t done.”
"Can I come in?"
“Not a problem, Captain.”
He took a deep breath and told himself, “You don’t need to look good. He is contractually obligated to date you for another eleven months.” He hadn’t seen Tony in eight days.
a buzzkill, Steve, but sometimes you’re not and I want to help you hate the world a little less. Pep chose you for this because she
“Why wouldn’t you believe what I say?”
"I believe Captain Rogers has that covered, Sir."
"I would like that," Steve admitted, his voice barely above a whisper. "But you have to give me time. I can't throw myself into something like this. I am terrified of loving someone again. Losing Bucky cost me so much, I don't know if I have it in me to give you what's left."
"As you're the Steve Rogers expert now, tell me what else you think you know."
“God, it’s so good to see you,” Steve said as he wrapped his arms around Sam’s shoulders. “So fucking good to see you.”
“Steve?”
Steve laughed.
Tony stopped in the middle of the street then pulled Steve over to the edge of the sidewalk. He raised his hand and Steve asked,
Steve blushed and admitted, “Well,
, but he doesn’t know how to ask what
Peggy was right. He knew as much, but he needed to hear it from her. She knew him better than anyone, better than even Sam or Natasha. She could have asked for more of him when Bucky died, but she didn’t. Peggy gave as much as she could, and when she couldn’t give any more she asked Steve if he could give just a little.
“I notice. The first time you kissed me, you had a real smile. I’ve been working toward another one, but you’re very,” Tony knitted his eyebrows together and frowned. “
"Is that a yes?"
“Oh?” Nat teased. “Maybe you’ll round third base by then.”
“Can see Tony Stark is a fine-looking man. Knowing you, you’re trying to be the perfect gentleman. I wouldn’t have believed you’d so much as kissed him if there weren’t photographs plastered across the internet.”
"It's your house," Steve said through a yawn.
"Tony, we are not doing this. If you're having a bad morning, you do not take it out on me."
Steve’s phone buzzed again.
“Tony’s first boyfriend.” Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Could see that bastard for what he was ten miles away, but Tony was blind to all the signs. Not really my place to tell you about it, but if you Google Ty and Tony, you’ll figure it out.”
“I hope so. That depends on him.”
“You saved me $950,000, so I will give you whatever you want.”
his idea of fun. Then a couple dozen people began to chant,
“Sneakers only.”
“You’re blonde, now?” Steve asked as he pulled Nat into a hug.
They chatted for a few minutes about Midtown. Made fun of some of the people walking by, staring at their phones and yelling at their GPS. Something didn't sit right, though; his bullshit detector was on high alert.
“When you’re famous enough, or infamous enough, it’s hard to go out and have fun the way you used to. When high-profile people need to let lose, some of us come here. Best popcorn in the city; they drench it in butter.
"Your burger will be cold."
“I don’t think anyone has ever looked at Tony Stark and thought, ‘Average.’”
The floor felt more like what he was used to. The army's mattresses were only slightly more comfortable than sleeping on rocks. Sometimes, Steve preferred rocks because they didn't sound like cracking plastic when he moved half an inch. He used the wadded-up sheet as a pillow and nestled into the duvet. The floor was firm beneath his back and Steve fell asleep in seconds.
“What did you say to them?”
"Yes!" Tony leapt up from the couch and pumped his fist in the air. "Time for presents."
Steve couldn't hold back a smile once Tony turned around. His hair was slick with sweat and his arms were covered in grease. He wore a black tank top that was nearly soaked and jeans that had seen better days. It was the happiest Steve had seen him yet.
"Bring you out of the 1940s is what I'm gonna do," one of the technicians replied. There was humor in his voice, so Steve relaxed a bit.
"A little bit of both."
Steve went to the grocery store. His ma said, “If you’ve ever got something to say, cook up some lasagna. Everyone loves pasta and cheese, and they can’t interrupt if their mouth is full of food.” He used to cook meals for Peggy when things were good. Then he started cooking when things were bad.
“I’m taking things slow.”
"Didn't realize it was that kinda party."
What?
"It is on my business card and you take me seriously enough to keep coming back. Now, let's return to the fact that you have no friends."
Saturday, 15th of August, 2015
"I won't interrupt you anymore, just ... Just wanted to say hi, I guess. Okay, bye now!" She ran toward the street where the orange hand signal had just appeared with a ten-second countdown.
"Just making the rounds, you know," Tony said with an insincere smile. "It's a bit stuffy in here. Steve, this is Norman Osborn, Justin Hammer, Aldrich Killian, and Dr. Simon Gilbert."
“Can we do this later?”
"Huh." Steve nodded. "I guess you might be right."
She was up and fading into the passersby before Steve could respond.
This feeling inside …
"Anyway, I've only got ten minutes of lunch left and I expect nine of them to be you telling me how you ended up on a date with Tony fucking Stark."
“Seriously?”
“My world is all about utilitarianism. If you can use someone, you’re nice to them. People say what they need to say to get something from you. True or not. Truth is malleable to people here. I have meeting after meeting every fucking day, and I spend half that time wondering how anyone ever buys the bullshit they try to sell me. While the Board of Directors had valid concerns about the alcohol, it never impacted my ability to perform.
Happy raised his eyebrows and briefly glanced at Steve in the rearview mirror.
“I would have guessed just about all of it.”
Tony shouted, “What the hell, Steve? We were having a moment.”
"Down the stairs on your left."
By Christine Everhart
“To be honest, I never thought
"Oh," she said, deflating a little more. "Is that all?"
enough for our first eight days together."
Yet they walk out the front door of this building that I fucking built and tell the world I am a liability.”
Steve couldn't keep the surprise out of his voice when he asked, "Someone was captured with you?"
"Yessir.”
“So you don’t have a problem with Stark, just that people want to take pictures of him.”
Steve gave him a mock salute that Sam couldn't see and teased, "Yessir."
They paused at a streetlight so Tony asked, "Isn't this all just for show?"
I'm not one of those who can easily hide.
punches you in the face.”
But all he did was open the cab door and stand on his toes to give Steve a light kiss on the cheek. It was a nice way to end the morning, and Steve refused to acknowledge his stomach was rapidly beginning to feel like a butterfly garden.
She glanced down at her phone before looking up again.
“True.”
Mr. Stark was rooted to the spot. Didn't he deal with this sort of thing all the time? Shouldn't he be used to it by now? Then again, given the immediate shift from friendly randos to three-headed hydra, Steve supposed no one could ever get used to that. He watched as Tony pressed the toe of one shoe against the heel of another like he was about to pull his foot out.
“Why?”
"And I am the stable, put-together image you want to project."
Rhodey frowned.
." He stood up from his chair at the island. "But I should probably go since I need clean clothes."
“That is a press answer.”
is. The truth is that something is nothing and—”
"Well it's not just me. I don't care what they say about me, there's nothing they haven't said about me, I care what they say about you."
“Yes.”
“She’s not a friend.” Tony amended, “Val is no one’s friend. What did you talk about?”
"STEVEN!"
“You will call me next week.”
"You've given up your privacy," Tony countered. "A guy whose only internet presence is three friends and a fake name on Facebook? My guess is that privacy meant something to you."
"My name. He yelled my name like if anybody could save him it'd be me, but I was too late. You escaped Afghanistan and came back to your life here in New York with your ugly skyscraper and your robots and your friends ... There is no way for you to understand the pain of realizing that I had made war my life, and war took my future away from me."
"Rogers, you couldn't even fake a sneeze."
"They're just boring, seemingly-innocent too-good-to-be-real fluff movies."
Sam called on Wednesday. Or, well, at 2:00 on Thursday morning. Steve pulled his phone off the charger and pushed the quilt down to his hips. He answered the call, put it on speaker, then placed the phone on his chest.
when did he get so old?
"Dropping the L word already?"
“Okay, I have one small issue with that.”
Steve grimaced and agreed, "I have been so bored the past three months. Brooklyn is all I have left of Bucky, but I see him everywhere. Then I met Tony, who is almost as lonely as I am, and I jumped in headfirst. I thought this is my guy, this is the guy who is going to help me get over Bucky. Then he called me out, said I don't actually want to move on. Which isn't true ... Except that it is." Steve ran a hand over his face and groaned. "I don't know."
Tony raced over to pull it out and nearly toppled over one of the chairs. He was visibly disappointed by what he found. He sighed and said,
His phone buzzed with a text.
“Correct.” Steve felt himself blush. “An accurate assessment of the situation.”
He couldn’t help how his heart melted the moment he heard her voice. She looked amazing, with her hair pulled back in a ponytail and the collar of her turtleneck pulled up to her chin. She looked
“I don’t get you. I wanna be with you so badly. I wanna have you in the workshop, wanna have you in my bed, wanna make you omelets. I like when you kiss me, and I really like when you say all those nice things about me to people. I know you mean them because you don’t say things you don’t mean. I’ve never had anyone like you in my life before. Pep was close. Real close in her own way.”
Steve sat back and smiled. God, it was nice to have friends around who knew him as something other than Tony Stark’s boyfriend. Even so, once their meal arrived Steve was desperate to talk about him. Sam asked,
Conversation petered off into what Steve assumed were more typical first date banalities. He tried to figure Tony out and got nowhere. Steve was attracted to him; the man could charm the pants off just about anyone, but if this charade were to last a full year it needed to start slow.
Steve's jaw dropped.
, you plonker,
Steve blinked and wondered, “What?”
"HAH!" Tony doubled-over in laughter and whacked Steve in the stomach. "Oh, God, that would be amazing."
“You’re a living legend, Steve.”
Bucky would say, "Hell no!" He had pulled Steve out of one too many risky adventures. Sam would say, "If you get free food out of it, what's the harm?" And Peggy would tell him to live his life to the fullest. Steve's ma always said he should do what he could to help people. Steve turned around to look at Tony Stark and saw a man who needed more help than he realized.
"Hey, you're that guy!"
Nat answered, “You look like hell.”
But everything deflated afterward. Tony talked the entire walk to the hardware store, but he spoke about nothing. He spoke about screwdrivers and water heaters and …
"Why not? You deserve it for putting up with my bullshit, Steve. Plus it glows so when you go out for a run in the morning and it's still dark—"
"I think he lost someone, too."
“Why don’t you want to attend?”
Steve nudged one of the chair legs with the toe of his shoe.
"It means that everyone knows and no one talks about it. No one tries to reveal it because it could cost me my life. I used to sell weapons in countries where being gay will get you killed. Now I am trying to sell those same countries renewable energy technology. Coming out would have ruined my ability to run my company."
Steve rolled his eyes.
to Captain Rogers, then placed himself between Tony and the cameras.
“Yes.”
"But Pepper found whatever I didn't," Tony admitted. He waited until Steve looked up at him to ask, "What happened in Austria?"
Steve nodded, humbled.
“You are brighter than I think most people would give you credit for. If that part of your military service ever becomes relevant, I will let you know and you can make the choice whether to disclose that information to the public.”
Later that night, he woke to a knock on the guest room door. It opened and Tony poked his head inside.
‘I don’t know.”
The corner of Tony's mouth quirked up as he said, "I knew it'd piss them off."
Friday morning, Steve walked into the living area around nine. Tony, who looked like he hadn’t slept since at least Tuesday, offered Steve a lazy smile.
There was something in Tony's eyes, a look that meant he had Steve right where he wanted him. Like he knew exactly which buttons to push to make Steve reconsider the choices that brought them together in the first place.
“How did you manage—”
“At this point, who hasn’t?” asked Tony. He shook Sam’s hand and said, “Steve hasn’t told me much about you. I look forward to seeing you later.” Tony turned to face Steve and gave him a look that said,
Tony picked up on the second ring.
“I’m fine being seen with you, but I don’t want people to have photographs of me entering my apartment. It’s the only place I have, and I can’t move.”
“You’re right. I am learning how to talk to him because he completely shut down a conversation if it’s going south. Everyone in his life keeps telling me that nobody comes back for him. Everyone leaves and no one comes back. I guess my strategy is to keep coming back.”
"Regardless, it wouldn't be the first time Tony has whored himself around," Dr. Gilbert added. "This is the man he was about to fuck in the office hallway a few days ago. Though, I believe a bodyguard would be a new one to add to the list."
"You can thank Miss Potts for that," Steve replied. "She thought we'd be a good match and, for what it's worth, I believe she was right."
“Maybe you need someone to help you fill up the space you do have.”
“Truthfully, I like not getting shot at. That was as much as I could ask for on most birthdays.”
Steve stopped. Nat came to a halt beside him. Tony, behind them, asked,
Miss Potts pushed two pieces of paper across the table, each with the signature of one Anthony Stark down at the bottom.
Bruce's eyebrows shot up to his hairline.
Steve offered, “What if I want extra-large pliers?”
Steve said, “When people look at Tony, they see a man whose work needs this company. When I look at Tony, I see a ridiculous man who, if ousted from his own company, will start a rival company. He’d call it Star K. Industries and start releasing tech far beyond whatever Stark Industries could produce without him. I haven’t known Tony very long, but I have seen him work and he is incomparable.”
"Fine," Steve said, opening the back door and tossing the duffel bag inside, "but we have to make a stop along the way."
Steve nodded.
Steve laughed.
God, it was depressing when he put it like that. Tony's face morphed into something resembling pity and Steve hated it. His stomach twisted and shrank as Tony continued to ramble on about Steve's life.
Since Tony had opened the door …
at Bucky. He hadn’t started to grow, yet, but Bucky was a bit older and it was little things at first. It was easier for him to pull bigger kids off’a Steve mid-fight. Then they turned fifteen, and when Bucky was kissing his girlfriend Steve wished he could trade places with either one of them. By the time Bucky died, Steve had already mapped out the taut lines of his shoulders and the curves of his lips. He could read the humor and pain in Bucky’s eyes and knew exactly how his hands would rest on Bucky’s waist. He’d thought about it a hundred times.
You weren’t fighting for the United Steves of America.”
"Hailing a cab."
Steve looked at the sender’s address and wasted no time before tearing into the envelope. He swallowed thickly when he pulled out the first piece of cardstock. It was nice, delicate, trimmed in Tiffany blue.
After a half hour of meandering around the museum Tony shouted, "BANNER!" at a man across the room. Tony tugged Steve over to where the dark-haired man appeared to be shrinking into the corner. The man—
This woman was pretty; red hair, thin, wearing a suit that probably cost more than Steve's monthly rent. She looked like the sort of person who always had somewhere to be. Her fingers moved across her phone screen beneath the table but she never took her eyes off him.
"Nah, Sam, I'mma see him again."
11:01.
The workshop went silent. Or, as silent as Tony Stark's workshop could go. There was a constant hum of machinery in the background. Something beeped, but Tony paid it no mind and Steve allowed the quiet to linger as he gathered his thoughts. There was so much he wanted to say, but he didn't have enough words for it.
“If you heard my joints pop in the morning, you’d know I’m old enough to be a myth. I feel like Achilles if he had Tylenol.”
"Tony is in a board meeting right now; it just started so it may be awhile, but you are welcome to wait in the penthouse."
Tony bit down on his lip and admitted, “The idea of having a heart attack that turns into a stroke terrifies me. I’m so scared of it, being alive without being able to do everything I feel I should? I am nothing without my brain, Steve.
"Not waiting for a lady."
"That is not a great basis for a relationship."
Steve hummed low in his throat and Tony looked like someone had kicked his puppy.
"Exactly!" Thor's voice thundered throughout the small office.
"Did you just curse?"
“I was having such a shitty time before you called.”
“Our relationship is.”
Steve looked at Tony and saw someone who had built a wall around his life and only allowed the world to peek at what he wanted them to see. Tony sighed and ran a hand across his face.
"No friends or family here to tell, ma'am, but I'm guessing you already knew that."
was off the table.
“We are taking things slow. I don’t want him to spend money on a relationship until he is certain about it.”
Steve turned to look at him, but Tony continued to stare straight ahead into nothing. Steve asked,
Steve laughed.
(See the end of the chapter for
And, according to Tony, he looked good doing it.
As they made their way over to the elevator, Steve asked, "Are you being a gentleman, or do you plan to pull something for the cameras?"
If the street outside was busy, the Stark Tower lobby was pure chaos. Steve walked in and guessed the ratio of briefcases to people was a solid 2:1. There were more security cameras than windows and four people manned the reception desk. Steve shuffled his way through without much hassle and stepped into the shortest line at the desk. Once he reached the receptionist he said,
“Venus Flytrap. I was four.”
"Comfortable?"
“You allow yourself to have something nice.” Sam said, “I know that is a completely foreign concept to you, but you’ve been beating yourself up for three-and-a-half years. Take a break from being the guy everyone wants you to be, and be Steve: hot guy with a billionaire boyfriend.”
And they did know. Morita came up to Steve in the barracks a few days later, alone.
“And I messed that up pretty badly.” Tony frowned then said, “Then I have to help. What will make this place feel like home to you?”
Steve walked downstairs and out his front door. No sooner had the door closed than Tony nearly knocked him down, he hugged him so hard. He pulled Steve down into a teeth-clacking kiss and kept kissing him until they found a rhythm. Tony’s hands were everywhere; the hem of Steve’s sweater, his back pocket, his collar … Steve could hear people stopping, snapping pictures, but he didn’t care. Tony was finally there in his arms. He stepped back and placed his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
When Steve moved back, the jukebox was gone.
“I won’t sign any contract until that is stipulated in writing.”
"You are damning a relationship before it even begins! Maybe you're right and it will fall apart before the year is up. Maybe we are completely incompatible or you get tired of having your photo printed in magazines, but I want to try."
Steve frowned.
Stark Week.
—shook Tony's hand with a warm, if hesitant, grin.
“I realized that Tony was trying to push me away, decided I wasn’t going to let him, and then I brought him a cheeseburger. Food really works with him. We went out for karaoke and that video made its way onto the internet. Everything fell into place afterward. Tony met me after my VA group then met me after therapy. He started showing me what life could be like with him.”
"Hey!" Steve shouted. "You don't get to tell me what I feel—"
Tony leaned forward and sighed.
"You could have picked that up from a tabloid." Thor leaned forward and put his elbows on the desk. "Was there any way you connected with him?"
“You’re not.” Steve insisted, “You’re not, Nat, I see Bucky everywhere. Every fucking corner, he could be there, waiting … Even the place Tony and I had our first date, I’d been there with Bucky a couple dozen times. From the time I figured out what I felt for Bucky, I knew if I ever slept with a man it’d be him. It had to be him. Tony is great, and the problem is that I don’t know how to tell him I’ve never done this. I think he thinks I’ve done
The Contessa winked and replied, “Just an incurable gossip. Don’t mind me. Besides, I think your billionaire boy toy is about to show you just how terrible a singer he is.”
Steve was required to attend therapy appointments every Thursday for the rest of the year, like clockwork. His entire life was clockwork when it wasn't being shoved in front of the world. While Steve would never say he was excited for therapy, there were weeks he knew he needed it. Most of the fourteen sessions had been mundane conversation but in every week there was a moment he needed to hear someone say that things would get better. Steve knew every week he could count on Dr. Odinson to be that person.
“Because Captain America was a leader. I’m not much for leading anyone anywhere these days. Hell, I barely know where my own life is heading.”
“Services rendered.”
Steve could not lie to Sam, so he settled for a version of the truth.
“As if you are an open book, Rogers?” snapped Tony.
“Orgies.”
"Natasha is CIA, so technically—"
90 seconds.
One voicemail.
“What was in there?”
"Thanks for the heads-up."
It was seven-thirty, and there was a thrift store three blocks over that Steve knew was open. One of the few businesses from his childhood that hadn’t turned into a Trader Joe’s or a Chipotle. He walked to the store, pushed the door open, and was greeted by a loud,
Tony said his life was insane. He told Steve what would happen when they stepped out of the limo and onto the red carpet, "More cameras than you've ever seen and too many questions you won't want to answer." But he was still surprised when he followed Tony out of the car and was blinded by flashbulbs. Steve could barely make out a few reporters through the din of voices.
“I’m gonna come up for two days, so you make sure Stark is ready for the Sam Wilson Experience™.”
“Fair point.”
Without turning, Steve asked, “Hmm?”
“Well.” Tony stood up from the table and said, “This went horribly wrong.”
“Then I am glad I called, but you should get ready. Don’t want to disappoint your guests.”
Steve chuckled.
Tony walked over and grabbed the book from Steve’s hands.
“I’m not sure I will go.”
"Why are you even here, Rogers?" he whisper-shouted.
"I know. I trust you."
"Of course I will. You better get upstairs before that pizza gets cold."
"Steve."
“Do you know what concerns me most about what you said?”
"There's a contract, Steve. I am literally using you to keep my company."
Steve planned to run it off the following morning. He did everything the way he always did, got dressed in the same clothes, and prepared for the chilly Tuesday morning air. He took the stairs down two at a time. The moment Steve stepped outside, at least four people with large cameras appeared out of nowhere. He blinked, trying to get the dark spots out of his vision, as they shouted at him.
"Because I like you. I'll admit I am bored off my ass and you are the most interesting thing to happen to me in God only knows how long. But in the three days people have begun to associate me with you, they tell me things."
Steve laughed and pulled away.
He ended the call.
As Steve hoped he would, Tony hopped over the arm of the couch and toed off his shoes. He pulled his legs underneath him and offered his hand.
He peeled his clothes off and turned the shower to the hottest setting. The building was so old that the warm water took three minutes to make its way up to his apartment. Steve leaned against the doorframe and listened to the sound of water droplets hitting the shower floor. There were so many questions for Tony to answer. Steve supposed he could ask Miss Potts, but that wasn't his choice, was it? Tony was meant to be his boyfriend, so he would go to Tony with his questions.
"Three hours?"
Rhodes pointed at Steve and said, "This guy is a legend. He single-handedly saved forty soldiers from terrorists holding them hostage in Austria, of all places."
Pepper smiled softly and said, "Tony deserves to keep his company. He may not look like much right now, but—"
“J comes everywhere with me. Don’t worry, he can’t see anything, it’s not like you have cameras in here …” He paused. “You don’t have cameras in here, do you?”
He hardly slept that night, knowing he had overreacted a bit.
I'd buy a big house where we both could live …”
Steve nodded.
"Hey, Captain Handsome. You said these are hard days, figured you could use some company. Lunch?"
They stepped out of the cab in front of a small movie theatre. Steve followed Tony through the front doors, past the box office, and through a second door with a sign that read, “Enter At Own Risk.” Steve frowned.
“I had a heart attack,” snapped Tony, “relax about it.”
“Captain Rogers!”
, you’re too pretty to be a ghost.’ I keep thinking he must have felt so alone.”
“Where’s the nearest hardware store?”
“Because it means that I
“HOW’S YOUR MORNING, STEVE?!”
Steve admitted, "I sneezed on a general once."
Steve laughed.
"Wow," Steve sighed. "That was fast."
this was real, I would want to be the person who shows Tony that even when he’s not filling one of those roles, it is still okay to be who he is. Sometimes it’s okay to use the TV as it is.”
"Oh."
After a half hour of meandering around the shop, dodging a few patrons who came in by pretending to be interested in a pocket watch. He placed his purchases on the counter and sighed.
"Did you ever sleep after I left the workshop?"
“Intruder alert?”
"Feels like it is."
"When Miss Potts said you have a drinking problem," Steve hesitated for a moment, "she didn't mean you like to go out and drink. She was trying to tell me you're an alcoholic."
He took a deep breath as the opening chords of “Your Song” came over the speakers.
“Oh.”
"Should Tony meet that three-month checkpoint, it would be another nine months before he is finally taken off probation. This is a yearlong commitment and I was originally intending to give you $50,000 per month, totaling $600,000. However, if you would like me to increase that to a million I would be more than willing to do so."
“Amazing. I can handle machines any day, but I do not fuck with plants.”
Sleep came here and there, never pleasant. Regardless of when he finally fell asleep, he always woke with the microwave beep. He spent the next hour staring up at the ceiling above his bed, dreading the day ahead. His days were always the same.
Steve conceded, “There is truth in that.”
"That guy? Anger management?"
“The mechanics of it are easy and you already know them. Don’t squeeze too hard, don’t forget about the balls, and preparation is key. Everything else?” Tony shrugged. “You feel it out. Part of the fun is learning what works and what doesn’t.”
"Touched a nerve?"
Tony bit down on his lip and said, "Look, Rogers, you haven’t signed yet. I won't pull you into my life and force you to stay. Hell, most of the time
Steve’s phone buzzed for the third time. He rolled his eyes and pulled it out, wondering who could possibly be texting him. His closest friends were there at the table, and it was too late for Peggy to be texting. He apologized then looked at his phone to see two text messages.
even. He pulled away and smiled as Tony instinctively pressed forward for more. Steve kissed him again, quickly, before nodding toward the conference room.
It began as a whisper, but slowly grew into a full-on chant. Steve eventually held up his hands and shook his head.
“Is that a bad thing?”
“There is another thing I wanted to ask.”
Steve took the subway to Stark Tower the following Sunday.
Meet me at my place after you land?
Steve backed up and pulled Tony with him, far enough to open the bathroom door and sidle them both out. Steve hoped he wasn’t blushing too hard, because it was very real to him, too. That line in the sand between “for the cameras” and “for us” kept getting thinner.
Steve swallowed thickly and nodded.
Steve closed his eyes and grumbled, "Bed's too soft."
Steve read over the documents and it seemed fairly simple. There was some tight legal language that insisted he keep Mr. Stark out of trouble and on the straight-and-narrow to the extent he could.
There was a tiny park not too far from his apartment. It was always busy, and it would be classified as more of a yard in any other part of the country. There were a couple tables and a water fountain, with a tiny game of cornhole toward the back. One of the beanbags always seemed to go missing even after it was replaced. Steve sat at one of the tables and spun the cup between his fingers. Steve leaned back in his chair, savoring the morning chaos from his table. He watched as businesspeople ran full-tilt toward the subway or their rideshare. Tourists walked by at a slower pace, gawking up at the view.
"Steve?"
"It's my morning after look," he teased. "Bringing sexy back, I know. Did you enjoy the room?"
“The sorta busy you can’t tell me about.”
Then it clicked. Steve’s stomach tied itself in an elaborate knot when his phone buzzed again.
If Steve thought the living area was chaotic before, it had since exploded. There was a photographer and lightboxes and at the center of it all was a very stoic Tony Stark. Steve sighed. He was in for a long night.
Steve glanced over and confirmed, "Yes, they are all staring at us. The man holding the remote looks like he's about to vomit."
, that could never be answered. Steve would rather have answers than questions. Tony could touch Steve the way he wanted to be touched. The truth was that Steve had found a worthwhile fight and a great partner.
“Sounds nice.”
Steve walked into the lobby of Stark Tower at 11:20 to find Pepper Potts waiting for him. He trudged over to the elevator in the northeast corner. She looked tired. Not in her face, but in her posture; like she was trying to hold herself up beneath the weight of something heavy.
Tony was out the door before Steve could say,
"Why?" Tony spat. "Why the hell would you want to help me?"
"Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist-sitter, asshole!" the voice shouted back.
"Why haven't you asked me about Afghanistan?"
Steve's stomach grumbled as he stepped into his apartment.
Steve conceded, “It is nice. A bit
“That must make one hell of a nametag.”
"I'll remember that."
“Then what do you call the past month, Captain Rogers?”
Tony or fighting your burgeoning feelings for him."
"Jarvis?"
She groaned, “
“I met your Contessa friend.”
“I have so much space, it always feels like too much for me. I like how small this place is.”
“Noted.”
“No, but you do see him for who he is. I worry what happens when you begin finding things you don’t like.”
Neither of them answered.
"Are you looking for a job, Mr. Rogers?"
“Divide and conquer; two-pronged approach with the Brussels sprouts coming in at the end on the left flank. Baguette on the right.”
“Hmm?”
Pepper blinked, then it hit her.
"Yeah?"
“That’s true.” Steve laughed. “My dad died in the army, so I always had a bitterness toward the idea of being a soldier. I wanted to be an art teacher, never really considered the military until Bucky went in. Even then, I was too small until I was nineteen. The moment I stepped into basic, everyone wanted me in a box. I let them keep me there because I thought I was fighting for something better. Something good.”
Tony smiled.
He shut the door before Steve could ask what he meant by that.
"You really should ..."
Steve stared into his closet and wondered what, exactly, he was supposed to wear. His closet was about as tall as the refrigerator and half as wide. There were a few button-downs, Army t-shirts, dark-colored hoodies, and a few leather jackets he collected over the years.
“Steve.” Tony leaned forward and placed one hand on Steve’s knee. “You don’t need to be afraid to tell me anything.”
"NO!" Tony insisted. "No, no, not allowed. Prohibited. Forbidden."
"If you insist."
When the truth was, the only person who could keep Tony Stark out of trouble was Tony Stark. Steve shrugged and smiled to himself because a few of the articles said he had a decent singing voice. Those Howling Commandos singalongs paid off.
“My name is Tony Stark, and—”
He created an electromagnet to keep shrapnel out of his own heart, so the refrigerator never stood a chance. Watching Tony work was something else, though. He put on an 80s rock playlist and the rest of it was like a dance. Tony Stark was there, fixing things, enjoying himself. He only paused once, and that was to serenade Steve with a lip-synced version of, “You Shook Me All Night Long.” He got through one chorus before Steve pressed the next button. At 12:15, Steve left for the deli and came back with two sandwiches, to find Tony fidgeting with the sink faucet.
“I don’t really care where your life is heading, Steve, I care about what happens to Tony. When people leave, I am the one who has to pick up the pieces of him then figure out how they go together. He is my best friend and I have to look out for him. So …” Rhodey grimaced. “I know him well enough to see he will trip over himself and fall in love with you. It’s what he does, and you’re … You, Steve. You’re you. Whatever Pepper thinks she’s doing, there is a reason she didn’t tell me.”
CW: Unresolved Issues with Grief/Loss
"You like a good fight almost as much as I do. You wanted a man for this job just to piss off the board members trying to steal the company from under you. You escaped one of the largest terrorist organizations in the world and you expect me to believe you'd just roll over and let other people take control of Stark Industries? I mighta gotten hit in the head a few times, but I'm not that stupid."
"Hah," Tony laughed, "I wish there was one thing I could blame it on. The alcohol doesn't usually come out in bulk until after they leave. I'm just not ... I'm not good at this."
"Believe me, Steve, I—"
"Coming home, leaving the service left me in a dark place. Then I met Tony and he understood my grief, made me feel less alone. Made me feel a lot of things I hadn't allowed myself to feel in a long time. His money has nothing to do with that, it's just who he is."
“This is embarrassing, this is unconstitutional, and we are going shopping.”
“Oh.” Tony leaned on the wall next to Steve. “I’m glad you won’t have to go to the wedding alone.”
Steve shook the thoughts from his head and told himself to act naturally. He’d done so poorly when he met Peggy’s family. He bumbled it all, couldn't even get the right words out. Peggy laughed it off and so did everyone else because it was a loving sort of nervous. Everything around Tony made Steve nervous, so it shouldn't be that much of a stretch. He surveyed himself in the mirror like he was going to meet his boyfriend's family for the first time. Which, in a way, he was. Steve stuffed his feet into his sneakers, took a deep breath, and headed down the hallway before he could give it another thought.
“I’d either killed myself or decided not to speak to her anymore. Between the two, the first was far more likely. That is what she meant.”
“I believe you. All I’m saying is this is fragile because I don’t know what it is. I want to kiss you where no one will see us, I want to have you in the workshop because you lighten it up a bit. You are
“Maybe. What is the reason you called me?”
"Hey, I saw you on Instagram! You're Tony Stark's boyfriend."
"They were expecting me to take to either subterfuge or abstinence, and never considered I might find a boyfriend. Now it is us against them, a war via the press. If we look like a real couple, breaking barriers, that sort of thing, we win."
“I can’t stay at my apartment. There were paparazzi outside and I don’t want to make life harder for everyone else in the building.”
“Yes, you paid fifty dollars for five dollars’ worth of popcorn.”
“I want to talk about a few things.”
“How did you find out about me being …
Steve could change it a bit. He could run out and buy new sheets or maybe some curtains. Peggy mentioned once that “curtains make you feel like you own the place.” However, Steve couldn’t do anything about the square footage or make himself stop dreaming about the hot water at Tony’s. After about ninety seconds of consideration, Steve decided to leave his apartment as it was.
They spent the evening playing a game on the Xbox. Tony spent his time away from the controller tossing bits of popcorn at Steve, while Steve spent his free time fishing popcorn out of the cushions.
“I can either risk one of the most invasive heart procedures anyone has ever performed, or I live my life in fear of having another heart attack.”
"We're talking Medal of Honor stuff," Rhodes insisted. "And I can't
"Captain what, now?"
"I'd like to make it to the museum with all my ribs intact."
Immediately it was like a partition appeared between them. Tony looked away, picked up his welding helmet, and shot out of the chair. He grumbled something that sounded like, “I have work to do,” and a heavy metal song came through the speakers before Steve could say anything else.
Sam raised his eyebrows and looked away. Nat shrugged and sipped her drink.
Tony: You. Naked. Please.
“Exactly. You did what you believed was best for the company because it is important to you. Even if it meant sacrificing part of yourself to do it.”
"Because he's been Captain America since, like, 2005."
“Monday! Back just in time for you to dump me on Tuesday.”
“I said, ‘Tony Stark wants to know more about the plastic.’”
"They said that to you?!"
That made Steve’s heart ache. Sam deserved the best, and Steve didn’t feel like the best.
"You are Mr. Stark’s head of security. Why wouldn't you see me again?"
“Peggy invited me to her wedding.”
“I’m taking this.”
"Being a symbol," Steve said. "I don't want to be the gay soldier—"
He kept his head down on the way back. Not that he wanted to be rude, but he was so invested in his routine that any interruption threw off the whole day. And he was not happy taking selfies while his hair was sweat-slick and stuck to his forehead. Steve wandered into a bookstore about a half mile from his apartment because he had questions that couldn't wait. He scanned the magazine racks until he spotted the issue of
Tony shot him a disdainful glare, muted somewhat by his sunglasses.
Tony smiled up at Steve and admitted, “I missed you, soldier.”
Steve laughed and said, "Sorry, that came out wrong. If you're under the impression I didn't enjoy kissing you, then you're out of your goddamn mind."
"So you're not ..." Steve didn't have the words to finish the question so he rephrased. "In the past few days I've only heard about women. Never any men."
"But if you leave me at the door the press will think—"
"Afternoon, Captain Rogers." She was more relaxed than Steve had seen her yet. As if reading his mind, she said, "Days like today are the reason I hired you. I trust him when he's with you."
Tony paused and turned to face Steve.
Steve shrugged.
"You never answered my question. Why are you in here?"
He spat into the sink and rinsed his mouth. Almost everyone told him to leave ... Everyone except Miss Potts. Of everyone in Tony's life, Steve felt she had his back more than anyone. She chose Steve, of all people, and he'd do right by it. The only remaining roadblock was convincing Rhodes.
“You are
Iron Maiden faded to something resembling a normal decibel.
There was a long pause before Tony asked, "You mean that?"
“Who’s it from?”
Steve laughed. Kisses first, then.
At this point Tony is just like, "Keep kissing me and I don't care if you think it's real or not."
"Alright, but we need to talk about
“I don’t say things that aren’t true.”
“You do!” Steve pulled the pan out of the oven. “My ma taught me to cook when I was little. When you’re as tiny a kid as I was, you have to find innovative ways to impress girls. My first date, I was a senior in high school, and a girl agreed to go to the movies with me because I promised to bring cookies. I baked them from scratch and everyone sorta knew I had the best cookies for three blocks in any direction.”
"Not likely."
"Men like you climb ladders by pulling other people down; I've seen it all before. You saw something that Tony's father built, a company Tony works every day to maintain by creating new things. You decided to take it, but what have you ever built?"
“I didn’t think there was a problem with my sink.”
“Big plans?”
"For now? Go home."
Tony chuckled as they walked away.
“I’ll be there.”
“I know, Nat. Better than I’d like.”
“I don’t know, and I am tired of not knowing. I never got to know how that would work and I think about it all the time. What if we had just …” Steve shrugged. “What if we had tried? It haunts me. I don’t want to spend the rest of my life thinking, ‘What if I had given Tony a shot?’ I made that mistake once and it’s ruined me for a long time.”
"Whatever you want to call it, I was wrong. Not that you made things easy—"
Tony tossed an inordinately large tip down the moment he finished his float. He tugged on Steve's arm as he scooted out of the booth. Steve followed him out the door before asking,
"I hope to be seeing you again, Captain Rogers," Happy replied in a tone that heavily implied the opposite. He looked at Steve in the rearview mirror with a sad smile on his face.
Steve had no idea where they were going. They stopped at the first crosswalk and Tony took his hand to twine their fingers together.
Delicately.
him."
"In the workshop?" he guessed. "Are there more?"
Tony sighed and Steve heard what sounded like a bottle falling against another bottle.
“Now I’m scared, too. I came into this and put everything on the table for you. I had barely accepted myself as bisexual before my face was in the corner of every magazine in the Northern Hemisphere. I told you about the worst part of my life because I thought you needed to know what you were getting in me. Now, a full month in, you
"You're my boyfriend."
“My true problem is figuring out what to do for his birthday.”
“I could pay you in vodka and tumblers.”
"Not nearly as much as I need you. If I lose you and have to begin all over again, Steve, I'll just give up. I don't want to have to try again."
Tony was bad. Not the worst singer Steve had ever heard, that honor went firmly to Dum-Dum Dugan, but he was really bad. Steve laughed as he got to the chorus, and his heart did a little flip because anybody would’ve been happy to be serenaded by someone as confident, as charismatic as Tony.
“Exactly. This looks worse for them than it does for you. See, you’re a legend in the military but nobody knows you on the outside. Stark is a feature in civilian life, but not the sort of thing most active duty soldiers have time to keep up with. Whispers are that top brass are worried how it will look when those worlds collide.”
“To the wedding?”
Steve smiled and said, "Her name is Peggy."
"Dr. Simon Gilbert," Steve recognized. "Chairman of the Board. Yessir, I've heard about you."
“See, I know you’re fucking with me because Nat would have told me. She knows everything before you even think about doing it.”
“Is anyone ever prepared for the Sam Wilson Experience™?”
"You are only saying that because you finally got more than three hours of sleep."
“You’ll work on it. I don’t need you to be perfect, I just need you to try. It’s new. We’re both really fucking new at this. All I need you to do is go to the bathroom, shave, put on some decent clothes and be prepared when Jarvis sends the call to you.”
CW: Struggles With Grief/Loss
“It’s a new thing. I’m trying it out.”
"Captain Rogers," she said his name halfway through an exasperated sigh, "you will find there is very little that I don't know. When I don't know something, I know where to find the answer. I am far better equipped than
tell you about.”
“I don’t know. He could be, but we’re still real distant.”
“I wanted to know his birthday, and he turns forty at the end of the month. What does he normally do?”
"Hey, Sam?"
The light immediately left Tony’s eyes. He repeated the word,
“I like art, and I lost a lot of love for it after my ma died. Kids look at everything with fresh eyes and so much enthusiasm, like they can’t even believe all the colors that exist. I’d show them ten different types of yellow and it blew their minds. Or I would demonstrate what you can do with three pencils and the right kind of paper. It’s hard
Pepper waved him off and said, "I'll text you."
"I like being around you," Tony admitted, "so yes, tonight was nice."
"May I ask why?"
“Do you want me to come with you?”
"You help people, Steve. You save people, and now I need you to save this company."
"I don't believe that."
“I don’t think they should.”
"I saw something worth coming back for," Steve said.
“Okay.”
"I have an appointment with Miss Potts at noon. My name is Steve Rogers and she gave me this card."
"Well—"
Without looking away, Tony said, "Making everyone in there very uncomfortable is what you're doing."
“Stark. How are you?”
"You wanna tell me what that was about?" Steve whispered.
Steve grumbled, "Apparently I have a lot to catch up on in the film department."
“Sometimes caring is harder than not giving a fuck.”
"Because you have," Steve made a vague gesture to the penthouse, "all of this. My life here isn't one I've settled into, let alone one that can compete with this."
The rest of the session was fine. It was never good, therapy—
"No, Tony. I wouldn't leave unless you asked me to."
There was no joke about pipes or dope. Or dope in pipes. Tony was focused on not mentioning anything about their relationship. Ten days earlier, Steve saw Tony as a man with no insecurities. Every day, he uncovered one more and Steve wondered whether he was reciprocating. Tony hadn’t meant to reveal as much as he had, and Steve worked out all sorts of things from the bits of information he received from Miss Potts, Mr. Hogan, and Colonel Rhodes. There wasn’t anyone in Steve’s life for Tony to turn to. No one for him to meet or to know. Sam wasn’t due back for months and Nat was God only knew where.
“What’s that for?”
“Hey, soldier.”
"I'm not sure I have the same outlook, but you have awhile to convince me."
Steve ran a hand over his face, still half-asleep.
Steve handed Tony the book and sighed. Where was he meant to begin with this? How the hell do you tell someone you have no idea what you’re doing?
“I don’t know.”
"Anything to assist, Captain Rogers."
"One." Steve pressed his lips together for a moment before adding, "And a half."
"Someone took a photo of you on your way to therapy this morning and geotagged it. I found the closest VA center and assumed you'd be there. Not difficult."
Tony nodded to the empty frame on the nightstand and asked,
Tony rolled his eyes and insisted, “You’re coming home with me.”
“Seeya, Sam.”
you. James is the only person who ever wanted me like that, so what do I do? I feel like I am the only one stuck in my love for what we had—”
it, your smile was so different. You’ve hardly smiled since I met you; not unless a camera was pointed toward you.”
“Why is it I’m always the one kissing you, Stark?” teased Steve. He couldn’t even keep a straight face. “Maybe you should kiss me.”
Steve: I don't know if I can do this.
"Yes," Tony untangled himself from Steve's pants, "I should." He turned away and opened the door to the conference room.
"Okay."
Steve raised his eyebrows and asked, “Really?”
He considered leaving. He knew he should walk away from this offer and never look back because that was the sensible thing to do. But Tony Stark needed someone, and Steve was so fucking bored.
They went through two more lights in companionable silence. There were no more people with cell phone cameras pointed in their direction, the novelty having worn off a block earlier.
Tony shrugged.
"I don't see the point. Do you think a couple bad headlines will be enough to make me leave?"
"Sure."
"Purple heart, wounded in action three times and you're a fucking moron who kept going back to the fight."
Then there were the bigger goals. Darcy Lewis was the only one of them who hadn't served. She was in a war zone working for a senator when the SUV in front of them hit an IED. This was the week she would finally get back on the subway after a year of walking eleven blocks to work. Major Danvers was finally going to ask her girlfriend to move to New York. She hoped Maria would move to the city with her daughter when the school year ended. Then it was Steve's turn ...
"The Deputy CEO chose the place."
Steve grimaced and admitted, "Never thought it would come up." He walked around the bar to stand next to Tony.
“I’m hiring, if you want to consolidate.”
“I am sorry for saying that.”
Tony lunged forward, but Steve held him back with one arm until he calmed down. Tony refused to turn his back to Dr. Gilbert for fear he'd soon find a knife in it. Why the hell was that name so familiar?
"Bye, Steve."
“Oh, thank God,” Tony sighed. “I missed you, too. I’ve been sitting here for hours wondering if I should call. You’re a grown-ass man, you need space.”
Steve found Tony in the kitchen, huddled over the stove with a recipe projected from a StarkPad. Steve smiled and said,
“Now what?”
don't want to stay in it. If this cheeseburger is a contractual obligation, you and your perfect teeth can go find a more sensible date in Brooklyn."
“Ty?”
Steve groaned, "At least it's not Vanity Fair."
Steve nodded.
Stark waved his hand up and down to indicate Steve's general Steve-ness.
Steve only kissed Bucky once, and it was the shortest, most bittersweet moment. Steve looked into Bucky’s eyes afterward and saw his own thoughts reflected back.
“Does he know about James?”
"What do you say, Captain? Are you with me for the long haul?"
It couldn't hurt to check it out, right?
“But what else?”
“Sure. I’m reading.”
I'd love for you to love me.
“Hey,” he’d said, “I’m not asking shit and you’re not telling shit. All I’m gonna say is we know what we know, and there isn’t a single one of us who would say anything about it. You’re our leader. Barnes is our teammate. We want you both on this team and we want you to
How could you stay when the one thing you wanted—”
Steve stepped into the water when it was barely warm enough not to chill him to the bone. The water pressure was awful and he grimaced against the cold spray. Steve managed to shampoo and condition his hair before the water scalded him. He hissed in pain then turned the knob to the right; the water chilled immediately. Steve half-fell onto the shower wall and sighed. He scrubbed off the sweat and grime, but parts of the run lingered. His privacy had disappeared. He pressed his forehead into the wall and asked himself, was it worth it?
"We both know it was damn well more than that, but no need to dwell on it."
“I don’t remember asking for your number, Stark!”
"Only a hundred thousand, Pep?"
“‘Aquarius moons pretend to despise emotional neediness while often depending on their partner to read their innermost feelings without helping them to do so.’ The shoe fits, Cinderella.”
“If it makes you feel better, I never thought you were a liability.”
“STEVE. Steeeeeve.
He hopped up the steps, kissed Steve on the cheek, and greeted him with,
"I never thought it was wrong. I never thought
"You planning to hug me all the way down to the car?"
“You sleep with Stark yet?”
"You have spun quite the yarn."
It was 11:02 when Steve finally reached the front of the line and placed his order.
“I will.”
Steve rarely slept in a shirt. What if, in the morning, he went out for a glass of orange juice and ran into Tony? What if there were cameras in the penthouse? Surely someone as tech-savvy as Tony Stark had cameras and Steve's abs would be in full view on film. The goal of this date was to prove he was not available for lecherous activity, so he reluctantly grabbed a grey t-shirt from the drawer. It would have to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
Von Doom’s eyes sparkled.
Steve wiped some of the watery buildup from his eyes. He didn’t have anything to say. There was nothing that would make Nat feel better, nothing that would assuage the guilt.
She nodded.
“No.”
Steve stepped inside and took it all in. He was really doing this. A nice date with his billionaire not-boyfriend that ended with Steve spending the night in his not-boyfriend's penthouse at the top of his not-boyfriend's skyscraper. Nat would give him shit about this for the rest of his life.
"I would always choose you."
Tony laughed. An honest-to-God, bent at the waist, guffaw kind of laugh that Steve didn't think he was capable of. Tony wiped his eyes and sighed like that was exactly the levity he needed.
"Even I am wrong sometimes. It is good that you came back," she said, poking at something on her tablet. "Nobody ever comes back for him."
Steve stared straight ahead and said, "It doesn't have to be."
"It wasn’t like everything shifted into place overnight. It wasn’t as if everyone woke up the next morning suddenly alright with things they hadn’t supported the day before.”
“Good.”
"Take my advice and run as far away from this man as you can. He's already ruined his own life; don't let him drag you down, too."
"Tony," he gave him a sad smile, "you've known me for a week.”
“So Monday.”
“Bad.”
"Who is this Rhodey person I keep hearing about? I've met Miss Potts and Mr. Hogan, but not Rhodey."
He didn’t take the bait and the frown didn’t leave Steve’s face. He watched as Tony made the purchases and briefly wondered whether that came out of his paycheck. He should’ve paid more attention to that contract. Tony paused to take photos with people when they asked, and Steve politely declined the request to be included. If a photo came out and he wasn’t smiling the right way, next thing he knew there would be a dozen articles about how there was trouble in Stark paradise.
"Why the hell would a man who looks like you, has a military pedigree, and what appears to be real red-blooded all-American baseball-loving apple pie-eating morals; why would you want to help someone like me?"
"Hey, High School Musical, you are the one who keeps saying 'we're a team' and 'we're all in this together.' Teams, no,
Steve blushed. He supposed that no matter how tall or wide he got, to the elderly woman behind the counter he would always be “Little Steve.” He grinned and asked,
"Can a bed be too soft?"
“Ugh.” Tony groaned. “Were you denied proper gifts as a child?”
"That sounds like a challenge."
Tony smiled and repeated, “An accurate assessment of the situation.”
Steve spent the next hour being tossed from one technician to another. He chose a blueberry-colored suit from their selection and a bright blue pullover to go underneath. It seemed casual but was made of the nicest fabric Steve had ever touched. Everything fit perfectly, but those sorts of moments in Tony's world no longer surprised him. He shook that uncomfortable thought from his head and stepped into a pair of brown loafers. The stylist gave his hair more volume. No tie, but they did give him some nice cufflinks. Steve glimpsed himself in a mirror and thought he looked good. When he asked the makeup artist why she was packing up, she laughed.
Steve flipped onto his stomach and pressed his face into the pillow, but the pillow formed a too-soft cushion around him. He tossed and turned for a minute before landing on his right side. He closed his eyes, but lying there felt like falling through a cloud. Cloud after cloud, falling only to never hit the ground. Steve sat up, groaned, then grumbled a quick, "Fuck." He tossed the duvet cover onto the floor and began tugging the sheet (with an unholy thread count) off the bed. He wadded it up and tossed it on the ground. Steve grabbed the top of the duvet, wrapped it around his shoulders, and made himself a cocoon.
