“I mean I get it, Dean. Look at Swayze. He didn’t have a whole conversation about defining the relationship, him and Doctor Lady were just together. If action movies are your formative relationship examples, you either have bickering to dramatic kiss moment, or you skip that entirely and it’s a gauzily lit fridged wife. Wait-there’s also usually the homoerotic relationship with the best friend. Or maybe the villain. Ok, I think we’ve just unpacked a lot about you here, let’s take down some notes to review with your therapist.
“Beats me! I haven’t really done this before. Especially the whole…” Dean made the same gesture he made in the car, waving his hand between himself and Castiel. Castiel squinted at Dean as he wasn’t sure what that meant, and wondered if coffee would help.
“You know, we’re going to be busy at the holidays, you should take some time off before we’re in the shit.” Aaron had been explaining his vacation plans to the team cleaning the theater and the conversation had shifted to Castiel never taking vacation. Castiel had the projection booth window open to throw down extra paper towels for a particularly large spill, and nodded rather than try and shout back to them. “My uncle has a lake house, really not much too it but if you wanted he’d rent it to you for the friends and family discount.”
“It’s a common habit. I believe many mammals are capable of snoring.” It was too early for this much conversation. Castiel’s shifts at the theater were mainly at night and he was used to sleeping later but the unfamiliar surroundings and light streaming in from uncovered windows woke him up.
Dean shifted in his seat. If he told Sam not to pick up the phone, Cas would worry and he didn’t want him to worry. If he called Cas himself, he still wasn’t sure what he would say. “Just ride it out, he’ll back off eventually, he’s course correcting.”
They had dinner together, Dean talking through his hamburger about his last hunt and how Sam was doing. They avoided talking about the past. Dean had a long conversation with Castiel about the book he’d been reading. Dean finished Castiel’s shift by falling sleep during the last show, slumped in a theater seat in a manner that didn’t look comfortable. Castiel woke him up, offering popcorn he had made before cleaning the machine. The movie was about two people who fell in love while being married to other people, who decide to stay with their current spouses rather than shatter their lives. It focused on small, inconsequential touches, a hand on a shoulder, the protagonist’s inner thrill to see her love and knowing she shouldn’t outwardly show it, her waiting each week for the day she might run into him. Dean didn’t roll his eyes, and was quiet as they left the theater. Castiel thought about marriage, about Daphne, about watching Dean at Lisa’s house. Dean would tense in his seat when Castiel would take popcorn out of the bucket in his lap. He noted this, and resolved to ensure they had two buckets next time.
“I thought maybe fishing?” Castiel offered. Dean made a considering face at his suggestion and mimed casting a line. “I didn’t bring any fishing poles, but I believe humans used to use sticks, as we did to roast marshmallows. If you have rope in the car we could construct a net.”
They gathered up additional firewood and longer sticks for the marshmallows. Dean almost immediately burnt his, but happily piled it in between the chocolate and crackers. Castiel located an ember and toasted his marshmallow to an even golden brown. Dean whistled in admiration. Castiel smiled and offered the finished s’more to Dean. Dean refused, but gave in after some insistence. He mumbled his thanks around a mouthful of marshmallow, and then carefully toasted a marshmallow to the same golden color, keeping it from the fire. He elaborately made a s’more and presented it to Castiel, with a wink. “I can be a gentleman too.”
After watching the fire die down, they went back to the cabin, the angry spirit now at rest. Castiel changed into the clothes he brought to sleep in, and laid down on the side closer to the wall. Dean hesitated.
His gaze flickered to Castiel’s mouth, and back up to his eyes. The romantic tension Castiel had noticed the prior evening returned. Castiel thought about the tension before the kiss, that Dean seemed interested in inciting. He flipped onto his side as well to face Dean, and reached out to caress his cheek. Dean’s eyes closed at the touch, his breath held slightly before he let it out in a huff. Castiel realized Dean’s breath smelled like breathwash, that he must have used while Castiel was asleep.
“I don’t think Dean would consider it a road trip, he drives much longer distances for work.” Castiel quickly scanned the candies for a response “and my favorite road trip snack is Sno-Caps.”
“I understand and I am truly sorry. I can get a ride home from Aaron’s uncle.” Dean made a hard shake of his head and began to pack his bags.
Dean nodded and let out a pent up breath. “That’s good. The books say that’s a good foundation. Aha! People are weird about the stuff they keep around. Any bets that this is human hair? They used to make the creepiest jewelry out of it.” He held up a shadow box with an intricate broach that on closer inspection was woven out of hair. “Not sure how restless this spirit is but-“
“On a scale of one to fired, how would you feel if we salted and burned any of your coworker’s relatives buried around here, just to be safe?” Dean was scanning the room for older objects that may be tied to a spirit.
Dean walked around the perimeter of the room with his EMF meter, scanning the room for any signs of supernatural activity. This was not something depicted in vacation movies Castiel had seen, but it seemed like a sensible decision. Dean frowned as the EMF meter ticked up near one corner.
Cas and Dean talking on the phone became a somewhat regular thing, which Sam was vocally thankful for. Dean would call him from hunting trips, hanging out at night waiting for monsters to wake up. He would call him while grocery shopping, listen to Cas talk about work. It felt different than when they-or at least Dean-had been dating. It felt easier in a way, Dean felt like he wasn’t trying as hard, which itself was a painful but helpful indication that things had turned out for the best. Dean was getting his best friend back, it was worth losing a boyfriend.
Dean responded almost immediately. Castiel frowned, Dean wasn’t on a hunt which meant he was up late at the bunker, likely alone as when he was talking with someone he rarely looked at his phone mid-conversation. Dean was amenable, but wanted to pick Castiel up rather than meet him there. Plans set, Castiel ate his food and looked up things to do at a lake cabin.
“I’m not sure we could do that and keep my job.” Castiel responded. Dean wordlessly held out a hand and Castiel rooted in his bag and handed him an industrial sized salt shaker he had taken from work. Dean looked at it and made an approving nod. He began sprinkling a layer on the mantel, careful to place a small amount on each of the trinkets on display.
“Road trip! I mean it’s only a couple hours out of town but anything longer than an hour counts.” Aimee was wiping down the candy counter in between shows. “What’s your favorite road trip snack?”
“You-you didn’t know?” Dean pulled back in horror and began to pace around the room, running his hands through his hair in frustration. “ How-I told your coworkers we were dating! I introduced myself as your boyfriend!”
The following week was the first week of the month, when Dean insisted on driving him to a bulk store to stock up his apartment. Castiel had explained multiple times that he was capable of purchasing any items he needed from the nearby corner store and carrying it back to his apartment, but he let Dean take him on this monthly trip. Dean enjoyed walking through the store, milling with people, eating every free sample offered and enthusing about how great it was with the person working the stand. Sometimes he would insist on purchasing the item he sampled, the only limitation being Castiel’s rather small freezer.
“Look, I didn’t want to bring this up when you were in the thick of it but…Cas called me. He’s been calling me. It seems like he really wants to talk to you but he told me he’s ‘respecting your space.’ I don’t know if you’re ready yet, but I wanted to let you know.”
“Red Vines?” Dean looked into the bag Castiel was holding open for him. “Didn’t make you for a Red Vines guy.”
He was cut off by the ethereal visage of a woman, flashing in and out of view. His duffel was thrown across the room. Castiel wished very much for his grace as he was shoved bodily against the wall and held there. Dean’s hand flashed out, spraying salt through the ghost. Her face contorted in a noiseless screech and Castiel dropped down to the ground as her attention focused on Dean. Castiel took the opportunity to pull the sawed off shotgun, already loaded with salt shells, and shoot through the ghost. She flickered out of view. Dean rushed over checking for injuries. Cas waved him off and took the matches and gasoline out of Dean’s bag. “Dean, there’s no time. There’s a fire pit in the backyard.”
“Dean, I don’t need 50 frozen taquitos and the frozen stuffed shrimp, we have to put one back.” Castiel explained, causing Dean to regretfully tuck the shrimp back in the freezer case. Castiel knew Dean wouldn’t want to talk about why he enjoyed purchasing items in bulk, that it had not been an option as he was growing up or during his young adulthood on the road. He liked having a kitchen to stock, knowing he’d be in one place long enough to purchase paper towels and grocery bags that would last for months. There were many things Castiel knew about Dean from holding his soul in his hands when he pulled him out of purgatory, things he also knew Dean felt uncomfortable talking about or looking to closely at so he refrained from mentioning them.
Dean felt an urge to go yell at Sam and instead attempted to keep an even smile on his face. “Any reason I should know about?”
He smiled up at him, stood, and leaned over the bed to where Castiel was still sitting, frozen in a level of confusion that he was unwilling to convey to Dean if it might mean his smile would falter. “And just to ‘Align Expectations’ early, I’m going to expect a card at our year anniversary. Fuck, flowers. Balloons. Fireworks. A cake with our faces on it.” He leaned into Castiel, and curled a hand against the nape of his neck, resting their foreheads together.
Sam had been frustratingly gentle with him. He gave him sad puppy dog looks when he actually bothered leaving his room and left his favorite foods in the fridge without using his judgmental Sam face over the fact that he hadn’t eaten a vegetable that wasn’t some form of ketchup or pizza sauce, or a potato that wasn’t fried since he’d gotten back from the cabin trip. Charlie had been surprisingly silent via text, which was explained when she made a rare physical appearance at the bunker with hours of pirated media to choose from and the intention to provide Dean with a drinking buddy. She also offered to be a strip club buddy if needed, although she was specifically pushing for a sci fi themed burlesque she found in St. Louis.
“Are you sure you want to share?” Dean met his eyes and gestured at the width of the bed. Castiel opened the blanket and Dean nodded slightly and climbed into bed. Castiel considered options for a way to end the evening, and decided to utilize the present closeness of their faces. He brought his hand up to cradle Dean’s head, cupping his fingers into the softness of his hair and his palm up against the curve of his jaw. He lifted Dean’s jaw slightly so that they were now looking directly at each other, inches apart. He could feel the puff of his breath against his mouth.
“I gotta go, buddy. I’ll call again soon though. Thanks for…thanks for the music.” He hung up and let the phone slip into the bed. He restarted the album and listened through it beginning to end.
He didn’t expect to pull back up to the bunker and see Cas standing outside. They made eye contact through the Impala’s windshield. Dean forced a smile and steeled himself as he got out of the car. It was good to see Cas but he felt suddenly unprepared.
Castiel ate another one, analyzing the crunch of the small balls on top of the candy. “They’re my favorite road trip snack.” He explained. Dean was puzzled but didn’t request clarification.
It was a Thursday the next time Dean drove into town. Castiel had spent the day piecing together reels of film. He enjoyed this work, methodically slicing the pieces and carefully taping them together, choosing which trailers to place at the start. He understood most other movie theaters used digital, that this theater was anachronistic but still drew guests because it played older movies. He liked that humans were comforted seeing films they’d seen before, that they wanted to see movies they might already own on a large screen, staring into space and feeling immersed in a story, alone but sharing an experience with a crowd. His coworkers had waved Dean into the projection booth.
‘Please don’t apologize.’ There was a long pause as Dean tried to think of a response when his phone lit up again. ‘How are you?’
“GOD, yes.” Dean’s hands raised to grip the back of his head, his mouth meeting Castiel’s urgently, almost frantically. He lifted his hands away almost immediately and pulled back away, breaking the rather wonderful kiss that they had been sharing, and unfortunately cutting short Castiel’s investigation. “Shit, I shouldn’t have…Shit. Was that too much? Fuck.” He leaned his forehead to touch Castiel’s, his eyes scrunched in concern. Castiel stroked the side of his head, the softness of his hair, the tenseness of Dean’s face releasing at the touch. He lifted his head and looked at Castiel with a soft smile. He tucked his own hand into Castiel’s hair and let out a shaky breath. “Happy six months anyway.”
Dean rubbed a hand down his face, and winced. He turned the music up and tried to not feel Sam’s eyes boring into him.
Dean was pulling on his clothes. He responded with degree of fondness, “Well yeah, but this is six months of dating. It’s sort of a thing, right? Like you give each other paper or something at year.” He looked down, busying himself by looking through his bag, “It’s sort of a Me milestone, Cas, this is the longest I’ve dated someone outside of Lisa, and I spent the first 6 months of that relationship drunk and crying about Sammy. This feels a lot…shit, this is cheesy, if Sammy could hear me now” he paused and enunciated carefully again as if from a book, “healthier. I don’t want to scare you but it’s like with us, I can see a year easy as breathing.”
When they got to the counter, Dean insisted on paying. Although his wages from the movie theater weren’t excessive, he would prefer to pay himself. Dean’s argument was not logically sound as his membership card was fraudulent and he could easily have made one using Castiel’s false name. But Castiel allowed it, it was another small way to ease Dean’s guilt over kicking him out of the bunker those months ago. They drove home, Dean humming and tapping in time to the music. It was a good way to spend a day.
Dean took his bags and left for the car. Castiel carefully packed up the snacks he’d brought, one of each kind, that he had bought to see Dean smile, to have a road trip with his friend. He knew the drive would feel particularly long on the way back.
“I neglected to write an itinerary.” He intended an aura of sarcasm which Dean clearly picked up on, but seemed to find it amusing. “Are there usually schedules for vacations?”
“He’s…. yes, he did.” Castiel wasn’t sure what term to use for Dean that captured their history but didn’t correct her.
‘Hello, Dean. I believe Hurdy Gurdy was an instrument, popular for several centuries. That does not rule out it being a sex reference. Double entendres are quite popular in music.’ There was a pause, and then a cat emoji. This meant Clovis had jumped up on Cas’s lap. It felt comfortable, like they were hanging out. He could picture him so clearly, even hours away, it felt like they were together. Another song came up.
Dean froze a bit, his hand stilling and lifting away from Castiel’s head, which was a problem for Castiel. “Happy six month….anniversary.” Castiel frowned in confusion. Dean’s voice and face became increasingly flat as Castiel grew more confused “We’ve been together six months this weekend. Dammit, Cas, I bought a CARD.”
Sam’s pettiness was resurfacing and he began to pointedly talk to Cas on the phone close enough for Dean to hear part of the conversation, in particular the ‘Don’t worry, Dean is fine’, while Sam shot him a pissy look. After his conversation that morning while driving back from a hunt, when Sam flipped his phone shut he looked over at Dean and declared “Enough. I have had more phone calls with Cas in the past weeks than I had in the past five years combined, years with multiple world ending catastrophes and an apocalypse. You won’t call him, and he won’t call you but he’s too worried about you to not check on me every day. I can’t be your go between forever.”
Castiel opened the box of Sno-Caps he’d purchased from the movie theater, and was dissatisfied with their chalky texture. Dean took some when he offered, pouring a handful while making a face. “What even is a nonpareil?”
“So what’s on the agenda for today?” Dean seemed content to continue conversing in bed, closer to Castiel than he usually was, his head propped on his hand as he lay on his side.
Later after the theater had closed, Aimee was talking about her date the night before while they cleaned. Castiel was breaking down the popcorn machine into it’s component parts to soak off the truly impressive buildup of salt and oil.
‘Weird, I always thought this song was Dylan. You know ‘Catch the wind’?’ He texted to Cas. Cas responded he didn’t know it and Dean felt that feeling of connection slip a bit and in that moment he fiercely wanted it back, wanted to pull Cas into what he was experiencing. “Fuck it.” He said out loud, and hit the call button next to Cas’s name. It rang for half a second and Cas picked up.
Castiel liked the lull during the middle of the movie when he took a break from the projection booth and came down to see if concessions needed assistance. He filled orders, a smile on his face and exchanging pre-determined phrases. Butter with that? I’m sorry, we only have Diet Coke, not Diet Pepsi. I also wish we had root beer. Yes, we allow free refills. Please enjoy your show. He liked when the customers responded to that with “You too” and then had a slow realization as they walked away that as he wasn’t watching the show and their response was nonsensical. It was predictable and comforting that so many humans were so alike in small ways.
Charlie attempted to pat Dean’s head without looking and wound up smacking him in the face. “Shhh….let the Swayze soothe you. Huh. Sam Elliot really has just the best hair doesn’t he? Do you ever think about growing out your hair?” She draped some of her hair against Dean’s head. “Ok, maybe not in this shade but I think it could work for you. I’ve definitely made drastic hair decisions post break-up and it has a 75% success rate at either making me feel better or at least making me feel sad about something that isn’t my ex. What are your thoughts on extensions?”
It took a month for Dean to work up the nerve to actually talk to Cas on the phone. His birthday came and went, he managed to talk Cas down over text from a whole big celebration. But he still got an actual gift and birthday card in the mail, a mixed bunch of vinyl that looked like Cas had gotten second hand. He had told Cas earlier that he had dusted off a record player he found in the bunker, and so he spent a weekend texting with Cas through the music he’d sent him. It had included Dean’s usual 70s rock but added in a mix of stuff he wouldn’t have thought to get himself stuff from the 50s into the 80s. It felt good to be able to lay on his bed, listening to a Donovan album, texting Cas.
“Gotta say, Cas, you know the way to my heart.” Dean grinned at him, reached into the bag to pull out beef jerky and pulled out of the parking lot. He gestured for Castiel to choose music, a rare opportunity. He chose a tape of Creedence Clearwater Revival, a band he knew Dean liked. Dean smiled as the guitar started up and the singer started singing about a storm. “Did you go with CCR because of some sort of religious pun?”
They ran out of the door, Dean breaking open the picture frame as they got to the fire pit. Dean placed the hair jewelry in the pit and began shaking salt over it as Castiel added gasoline and struck a match.
“Shit. Um. You’re really good at this thing.” Dean gestured between them, indicating their connection. Dean then settled deeper into his seat, drumming his fingers in time with the drums.
“I’ll take the sofa, you ok if I grab one of the pillows?” Dean was arranging his duffel so it was tucked on the floor against the sofa arm.
“If you get canned, you could always come back to the bunker.” Dean’s back was tense, he was carefully not looking at Castiel. “I mean if you wanted to. You could do whatever you wanted to do. I support your choices.”
This conversation had genuinely passed the point that could be solved by caffeine, but Castiel didn’t care in the moment. Castiel carefully traced Dean’s bottom lip with his thumb and Dean’s eyes closed at the touch again. The closeness felt intoxicating, and Castiel understood what Aimee had said about the tension being wonderful, however he felt a need to try the kiss as well to judge if it was in fact better than the tension. Dean may only want the tension, and not the kiss, but surely he would allow Castiel this just once, just to judge.
Cas’s eyes crinkled and he tilted his head at Dean, as though the answer was obvious. Dean knew what this was about, but if he had to sit through Cas attempting to dissect the past he would claw his arm off to escape.
“He’s not my boyfriend.” Castiel responded while filling a large popcorn, carefully laying down one thin layer and tossing it in a coat of a substance erroneously referred to as butter before adding the next layer.
“I-I can’t. I need to get out of here.” Dean scrubbed his face with his hand, continuing to avoid Castiel’s face.”
“There’s always some bullshit that pops up in movies from then.” Aimee affected a British accent and rolled her eyes “‘Oh darling, don’t you love the British empire, isn’t it all going smashingly well for us’. But it’s still kind of cool to see a kind of normal looking age-appropriate couple fall in love, you know? Especially for movies back then. And the pining was well done, the ill-fated romance. Did your boyfriend like it?”
‘Good. How are you, how’s the weather treating you?’ The texts went back and forth for a bit like that, careful and generic at the start but flowing more easily. Dean learned Cas had adopted an older cat from the shelter his coworker volunteered at. He sent Dean a picture, a calico named Clovis bathing in the sun. Dean added the cat curled onto Cas’s lap to his mental image of Cas texting and listening to jazz. They didn’t talk about the past.
Things had shifted between them after that night. Dean helped him move to another town away from the angel encounter, where Castiel had found work at the movie theater. Dean had also started his weekly visits after that point. His dynamic with Castiel had changed in small ways, he made a point to not disparage Castiel’s “normal” life and instead insisted on hearing small details. Castiel almost got bored describing the sandwich he ate for lunch on a given Wednesday, but Dean always listened intently.
“Uh, yeah! Hey, sure that would be great. Maybe we can get some other people in town, wrangle Kevin, he’s been staying with Garth for a few months now. Hanging out without the world ending could be fun. Get the whole family together.” That felt right. Cas was family.
“He’s not kidding. He might be confused between what’s an appropriate birthday party for an off the grid thirty something hunter with barely any friends and an eleven year old’s dream birthday party, but he’s not kidding. He bought cowboy themed birthday plates.”
“Dean, it would be impossible to guess in that manner, the film requires light. It’s title is Brief Encounter, a British film centering on a doomed romance filmed in 1946.”
“Hey, Cas. What’s playing?” He smiled, and stood close and held a hand up as though to embrace him, but ended on patting him slightly on the shoulder. In the months since Gadreel’s deceit had surfaced, Dean had often made similar abortive attempts at an embrace during his visits. Castiel had told Dean he forgave him many times, however Dean clearly still feel guilty. They walked to the diner next door for dinner.
“OH will he? It’s your birthday this month. You know how I know? Aside from spending almost every January of my life watching you pretend to not like birthdays, I know because Cas is trying to plan you a birthday party and get me to take the credit. Because apparently he’s spending what has to be half his salary this month on what sounds like the most ridiculous cake ever made. He’s trying to plan around us being gone on a hunt to decorate the bunker and then sneak away. He bought crepe paper, Dean. If you don’t talk to him, I’m going to have to be cleaning crepe paper off of mystical books.”
Cas could not see Dean’s face, but he could feel him thinking about him. Angels could hear any thoughts or callings that were about them, whether they were in the direct form of a prayer or not. He didn’t know if Dean was aware of this or not, which made it a bit more enjoyable for him. Being able to feel the person he loved thinking about him was something Cas enjoyed quite a bit.
Before he knew it, Cas was sitting on the floor with a cat on his lap, and a kitten on his arm, and one-- uh, well, they seemed to be everywhere, infinitely appearing and attracting themselves to the angel.
As the three boys pulled into the driveway, they let their day-dreams come to an end. They didn’t need to let their imaginations wander any further because right now, their real-life felt like the most magnificent dream. Sam, Dean, and Cas entered the bunker, all still dreary from the long drive home. The first thing Dean did was grab a beer and plop himself onto his recliner. The day had turned to night by now, and the boys began to realize how tired they really were.
Cas laughed at that. “Now you do not look like the type. I mean, leather jacket, work boots, nothing about that exactly screams ‘green thumb’ at me.”
“So,” Dean continued to chew. “Basically, Martha wants to visit her boyfriend in Paris for christmas, but her parents won’t let her go. They were just about to get into a big fight.”
“He’s funny, isn’t he? We’re looking to adopt a dog. The house gets pretty lonely, we figured we should get one of them little guys for some company.”
Before he could get mad, Dean caught himself. Seeing how much Cas enjoyed these stupid creatures, the last thing he would want to do was ruin the moment for him.
“It’s always been a thing,” Cas quickly responded, “we just hadn’t gotten up to that part of our story yet.”
It had been a calm few weeks at the bunker; the boys had settled down and were finally starting to get used to their new, ‘regular’ lives. The days were filled with dreary mornings, cups of hot coffee, and late nights with homemade dinners. Many cuddles and laughs-- well, that was for Dean and Cas, mostly. While the two lovers got on with their domesticity, Sam grew increasingly bored. He spent most days in the bunker, aimlessly scrolling on his phone and trying to avoid walking in on Dean and Cas again.
On one of those late nights, Sam decided he would make a cup of tea to wind down before bed. He began rummaging through the kitchen cabinets, trying to find a tea bag. Do we even own tea? When he finally found a teabag, it was peppermint. Nasty, he thought. In his fit of frustration, he closed the cabinet a bit too hard.
Upon entering the room, their noses were instantly bombarded with the smell of dog, almost barn-like. There were about ten to fifteen dogs, some older, and some only small puppies. One of them instantly caught Dean’s eye; it was decently sized, white, and shaggy-- just like Sam.
Dean, hearing the loud noise from the living room, quickly got up and ran to see what was wrong. When he found Sam standing alone in the kitchen with a tea cup in his hand, he didn’t know what to make of it.
The boys are back at the bunker. It's been a long day, and all they want to do is grab a beer and relax.
“Yeah, thanks.” He took the bucket from Dean, then averted his eyes to the screen, trying to ignore the two lovers.
The worn out man carried himself over to the chair, placing one leg on the seat to prop himself up. After all, he needed any support he could get. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted the man he had been praying for. The man he needed. That torn-up, beige trench coat. The navy-blue tie that matched the eyes Dean knew so well.
A moment of silence passed before he spoke, a moment that both men were secretly hoping would last forever. “Dean,” he gulped. “You-…. You saved me, Dean.”
“Dean, I-“ Cas’s voice cracked as he spoke. Dean could tell something was wrong. The angel never sounded so upset before.  The energy in the room was off, the air felt thick as he breathed, unsteadily at best.
For once in his life, the witty Dean had nothing to say. The three boys stood there in shock as they all took in what had really just happened. A small smile crept across Cas’s face as he shot a glance at Dean. To his surprise, Dean shot one back. They all let out a chuckle. The lovers staring into each other's eyes, captivated by each other's grace. Sam staring at them staring at each other, fucking finally, he thought.
As Sam let his thoughts wonder, Cas sat quietly like a giddy child in the back seat. He was used to sitting back there, riding with the two brothers on their many adventures. Killing monsters, saving their family, and going out for a beer with Dean when times weren’t as rough as they usually were. He didn’t know what this feeling was. Maybe it was euphoria, maybe it was love. Whatever it was, it made him woozy. He wondered if this was why Dean liked drinking so much. I could get used to this feeling, he thought. Over the years, he had come to understand how humans worked; their emotions, their speech patterns, their mannerisms. He had picked up little things here and there from Sam and Dean, so little that he had barely noticed when he began to do them. When he did notice, though, he found himself almost embarrassingly happy. He was becoming just like the man he had risked it all to save, the man he loved with every fiber of his being. The angel continued to think about all of the years he spent with- and without- Dean, and realized that finally, he was with him, and for real this time.
“It’s alright, really.” He tried to act sincere as he slowly backed out of the room. “Now kids, don’t have too much fun.” He gave them a wink, turning around and disappearing into the hallway.
Cas decided he would go over there and ask to help. After all, it was better than sitting around and doing nothing. He stood up and made his way over to the group of boys. He felt strangely ostracized from them-- he was never exactly the super masculine type. He was skinny yet tall, with a round and boyish face and shaggy brown hair. People often told him he was pretty, but he always assumed they were just saying that to make him feel better. No one ever called him ‘handsome’ like they would to other boys. And now that he was out, it made him even more hesitant to talk to guys; he feared they would think he was trying to flirt with them.
The room stood still. Cas’s entire being filled with anxiety as he was left to wonder what the other man was thinking.
Dean did not feel like playing Sam’s joke right now, so he continued his search. He walked through the hall, when something in the guestroom caught his eye. It was Cas, in his pajamas, laying sitting up on the bed. The pajamas were those from the classic story books, the light blue ones with white pinstripes.
Dean let out a heavy sigh. His angel continued, shifting his eyes away from him to ease the tension in the room. “Everything I have ever done, Dean, has been for you. Even before I met you, it’s like I was made for you. You were built into my wiring. I mean, c’mon, you heard what they said, every other version of me failed, for God’s sake! In every life, I tried to save you,” he paused, looking back up at Dean, “oh, how lucky I am to have succeeded in this one.”
Sam sat alone in the bunker, trying to keep himself busy. He had tried a number of hobbies since they gave up hunting, but none of them felt quite as satisfying. Today he decided to try out art. Well, whatever kind of art that doodling with a sharpie on a napkin could be classified as. He filled up napkin after napkin, creating a mountain of inky messes.
Sam’s face lit up at the sight of the pup. He had not had a dog in so many years, and damn he had forgotten how much he loved them. He bent down to pet her and let her lick his face.
“What’s wrong, Cas?” , he exclaimed. But the angel could not answer. He looked away quickly, not able to make eye contact with the man he had known for years. Was he ready for this? Who cares, he thought. It needs to be done.
Dean gave him a confused look, narrowing his eyebrows. He held his hand on the side of Cas’s face, running his thumb across his cheek.
“And P.S.,” Dean whispered. “Cuff your jeans, you look straight.” He winked, then turned around and walked the other way.
“I can see that,” he replied. He bent down next to Cas, letting him place the orange kitten on his lap.
She cleared her throat. Questions are for later, she reminded herself. “Uh- yeah, as I was saying, you just need to sign here, here, and here.” She gestured to the blank lines on the paper that read sign here.
“No problem.” Cas responded. He decided to walk up to Gabe to see what he was up to. Well, it was less like he decided to, but more like he didn’t really have anyone else to talk to.
Dean Sat himself down next to Cas, and Sam next to Dean. Dean pretended to fake yawn, putting his arm around Cas in the process. Cas leaned in closer as a response. Dean ran his fingers over the side of Cas’s cheek, then moved up to his hair to twirl his fingers around his curls. With his other hand, he took a handful of popcorn and shoved it in his mouth.
As Cas got down, he noticed Gabe staring at him from the other side of the stage.He gave Cas an interesting look- one that he couldn’t quite figure out the meaning of -but he quickly looked away when he noticed him staring back at him.
“I mean, how could someone not think of that perfect face.” Dean squished Cas’s cheeks with his left hand, his right still resting on Cas’s head. He leaned forward and gave Cas a soft kiss. As he pulled away, Cas continued to lean into him.
“No,” Cas laughed. “It’s not that. I just thought I should let you know that I can feel when you are thinking about me.”
Cas picked up his head slowly, his actions almost calculated.  He brought his glance to Dean. Before he spoke, he took a moment to take it all in. Those hazel-green eyes, that dirty-blonde hair, that perfectly chiseled face of the man he had thrown it all away for. Was he about to throw him away, too?
“You could call it that.”, Cas replied. He knew Dean was a bad liar, especially when it came to his brother. He wanted to keep this a surprise, partly because he liked surprises, and also so Dean would be able to take partial credit for the idea later.
Cas looked at Dean intently, trying to figure out if what he said had gotten through his hard shell. He felt frazzled, his thoughts falling apart as he tried to piece them together to form a sentence. As he was losing himself in his own head, he noticed tears beginning to trickle down his cheeks. He could feel Dean’s hazel eyes tracing his face, trying to unpack what he was thinking. He had no choice but to tell him.
As he was about to close his locker, he felt someone tap him on the shoulder. Startled, he quickly turned around to see Gabe with a smug look on his face.
Thanks for all the love on this fic so far! I've had a lot of fun writing it, and spent a lot of time on this chapter (hence why it's longer than the rest), but I really enjoy it. Hope you do too!
Cas brought his head up to look at Dean. He still did not speak, continuing to keep that cute smirk of his. Dean looked away from the TV and at Cas. He hadn’t really been paying much attention to the show he was watching, rather he was focusing on his heart beat, and the fact that it was beating extremely fast.
“I think they like me, Dean.” Cas looked up to his lover with a wide smile. He looked around at all of the cats that had been using him like a jungle gym, speaking to each one, too quietly for Dean to make out what he was saying. When he came across a small and orange fluffy one, he picked it up and rubbed it on his cheek, taking a moment to feel how soft it really was.
Gabe headed the other direction, and Cas followed behind him. He gripped his belongings tight as he passed through the crowded hallways. He was always afraid someone was going to knock his books out of his hands like the bullies in movies. No one ever did, though. In reality, his classmates didn’t hate him as much as he thought they did; they were just intimidated by him. He was shy, smart, and kept to himself. Not many people knew how to approach someone like that.
As Dean paced around the room, his boots felt heavier than usual. Or maybe he was just tired. Tired of being filled with worry, with grief, with love that he couldn’t - wouldn’t - let himself show.
Gabe stopped himself mid conversation. “What, are you just going to follow me around like a lost puppy?” He laughed.
Sam kept laughing, and Cas shot him a smirk through the rear view mirror. Dean shook his head as he put the tape into the cassette player and hit start.
Castiel was sort of an outcast. He had a few close friends, along with some acquaintances here and there- but not as much as the average highschooler. He wasn’t the type to go to parties or spend his nights drinking hot chocolate with his friends at the town’s football games. He enjoyed his alone time; he was always either at work, or studying for bio- his favorite class.
“My dad,” Castiel sighs, “Even though I am the youngest he expects me to be involved in the family business…”
everyone.” His hand settles on Dean’s chest, atop his heart. “Do you know amazing it was, when I slipped my blade through him? You were a buffet that night… fear, relief, hope… despair. I could’ve ended him in that other dimension, but I waited until he crossed back. Knew how much more painful it’d be.”
“Whoa, sorry man,” Cas offers a wide smile, sprawled over the stranger. He pulls his bangs away from his face and mimics the tonality of his neighborhood, “are you okay?”
He paused, fingers midway through scraping more gel off Dean’s locks. “I’m doing the best I can,” Cas tells him, “it’s not my fault you think
As did his second, and third, and even fourth. Cas trailed behind him the entire day, never getting a chance to ask him questions. Always with someone, talking; conversation never lapsing into a moment of awkward silence. His good mood tempered into frustration near the end, when Nick began his journey home accompanied by a waif of a girl. Oozing freshman confidence, the first few steps taken unchained from parental supervision. Like a hungry wolf Nick lapped all this sweetness up. Janet’s anger smacked Cas like a low-hanging branch, and he found the picture much clearer than earlier.
Aware of how silent the steps are as the buzzing cuts, Cas turns. Dean stands at the edge of the lawn, staring at his feet. They shift uncertainly on the greenery, testing it. “Dean,” Cas hisses, calling him, “what are you doing?”
“Can be hushed up with a little donation.” They pause at the foot of the porch steps, “you do realize the guy footing the bill has
future, how I can live it for those I loved. Be there… the person I’ve become, and not who I used to be. But now…”
dragging him further down. Aided by long buried skeletons he thought were laid to rest, years of avoidance wrecked by a few minutes. His joint slips out his fingers and onto the pavement, Cas uncaring of his lost grass. He hears footsteps behind him.
Dean shrugs, not commenting on the sudden staleness of Cas’s aura. Immune to such observations. “Sure,” he says, nodding, “we passed it. Over there, first door on your right.”
Grip firm along Dean’s hip, Cas guides Dean closer. Chests pressed together, hearts beating the same song. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
“Because I acted before any of the damage actually managed to take root,” he said, “If you used this any longer you would’ve had more harsh things to say about mlms than they’re
“Writing…” Jack pushes his laptop away. The thought sparks a feeling inside him, the first he’s had since consuming Michael’s grace. It’s nothing too powerful, but the curiosity takes up some space that was currently uninhabited. “Writing,” he repeats, “Writing might be…
. A few days later, the first death happened…” She sucked on the cigarette a final time, discarding it into the soot-covered fireplace beside her. “Since then it’s been the same thing over and over. I leave, find somewhere new to practice, he somehow finds me, then finds out who my patients are, and kills them until I start this fucked-up process over again.”
In all his fury, Cas was blind for how much of what was whipped up were smoke. Because Dean clears that into the ether, leaving a smoldering brush. Observation cuttingly truthful. Jack’s disappearance was a key that opened a chest of memories Cas thought he buried deep in his past. Of things he thought wouldn’t hurt anymore.
“Yes?” He waits by the open door, a foot already inside. Dean squirms from the opposite side, staring at the passenger door like it could open automatically. Seasons change during the time Dean fights against his hesitation. Sun reappearing in the sky, warming the area. Melting their icy tension.
“I’ll look into it,” he clarifies, standing, “but I can’t promise any of the stones I turn over will be anything useful.”
Cas lets her work. Focuses on the slight sting where Kelly brushes the torn skin, apologizing every time it’s too close and he breathes in with a pointed edge. Toilet paper a bloody mess, Kelly abandons it and opens her purse. Reveals a silver flask which she proceeds to uncap and pour over his knee. Cas curses, but cannot move his leg away. Kelly holding it in place until finished. When she does, though, Cas keeps his leg there.
A diversion is necessary. “So, Cas,” he starts, their faces inches from each other. To talk easier. “You gay?”
It slipped out like a leak, and then poured free. Inch given; mile taken. Frantically repeating how he met the First Man who loved an angel, and they lived normal lives in Santa Fe, and they seemed weird but in love, and –
Cas hummed in sympathy, “Because where else can they smell the sea air and feel proud for dislocating a group of people.”
On an average day, Singer’s draws a sizeable crowd of surfers and stoners. Seduced by the fair price of whatever change rattles from within their pocket while ordering. Staying because the owner doesn’t care if you stick around well after the meal is eaten. The fire marshal would go ballistic if he saw how people packed themselves into booths and tables. Given that the curb seems quadruple in size of kids smoking, chatting, and eating from paper baskets, he can only imagine the happening scene inside.
He frowns, hunched over so his hair can somewhat shield him. “Yeah, I was on your living room floor shooting loads. You should know, you were there.”
His fathers are in love. And Jack started writing this change in relationships into his stories. Which is why he would
He slips the photo back where he found it. Cas came looking for clues, and that certainly was not it. Although seeing the picture reignites his long-dead curiosity about the other man. How could a bashful, little boy turn into a steely detective? Is he still a momma’s boy? And Cas didn’t know Dean had a brother.
“Yeah, I don’t care,” she interrupts, reading her magazine again. “All we do here is provide information for students and parents
Ketch looks at Cas, anger gone. Confident satisfaction graces his features, curdling Cas’s stomach. “Yeah, I think we’re done here. What do you think… Cas?”
“But enough to justify a vacation with her?” Cas laughed, pinching Nick’s nipple playfully. “Listen,
“And here I was just starting to enjoy it.” Cas mocks, spraying sand with a lazy kick, “Well? Got any remedies for it, then? A crystal, a chant… more drugs?”
Cas presses his forehead on the window, eyes staring at the door but not really paying attention. He feels the heaviness return, the siren calls of sleep whispering in his ear backtracked by his growling stomach. In Cas’s addled state that morning he forwent eating, a choice he regrets with each passing second. After a rather loud rumble that would put many California quakes to shame, Cas hears a gentle snap.
Someone pounds on the door. Startles both of them from the spell they fell under, Cas remembering the audience hidden from view. He blushes and fiddles with a loose button.
“I still do,” Sam muttered, cheeks tinted a dark shade. “I… it was one of these classes I have to take, for my degree. Made me think about things I never knew about and – and stuff I said that, looking back, was… kind of offensive. That we joked about, what dad would say, sometimes…” Dean tuned Sam out partly, a refreshing static separating him from Sam’s words. Standard whenever Sam mentioned their dad, or if he saw something that reminded him of dad, or if dad cared enough to leave a voicemail for Sam on their shared answering machine. The little antenna on his brain’s radio drooped slightly, making Dean fiddle for the signal. He managed to catch the remainder of Sam’s monologue, barely. “…it’s a whole new world!”
It’s not something he likes. From what Kaia said, she was involved pretty heavily with this group. If a cult member discovers where she’s been hiding… those are possibilities he’d rather not delve into. “He might bitch and moan,” he says, “but if you get Amelia on your side he’ll turn over like a puppy.”
She angled the knife Dean’s way, staring at it still. He looked furious in the silver mirror. “Did he mention anything else?”
“Well,” Jack sighs, sitting across from him, “It’s like this…” He tells Castiel all that’s been on his mind in these past few days, detailing the confusion churning in his gut. “And I don’t know how to make everything return to normal… if I even can. It’s not like before when I had
He shrugs, scowling. “Nah, detectives are too stuck up. M’more like a private eye meets investigator, and sometimes I do freelance photography on the side. But they wouldn’t let me put all of that on a business card, and I hate business cards…” Cas leaves again. This time he hears her a few paces behind him.
Dean’s stare burns hot against his skin. He won’t react, committed to winning this battle – pointless it may be. The white flag of victory waves high when he hears a slap on his car’s roof and a muttered retreat. Cas eases out of his spot and then throws speed limit out the window. Green becomes yellow which becomes red, and it’s at this blink Cas runs twenty miles over the speed limit. Daring Dean, twisting his nipples for laughs.
“Right away, Mrs. Roman.” She sets the feather duster on the counter and opens a nearby drawer, pulling out some Marlboros and a lighter. Tracy hands them off to both of them, and then holds a small flame up. It drifts close, nearly singing Eve’s fingers. But Tracy finds the end of the cigarette soon enough. She offers Cas the flame next, expression schooled in neutral disdain.
Feeling satisfied with his filled search bar, Jack hits enter and stumbles down a rabbit hole of his own design.
What Jack found was a dedication to the works of the now deceased Carver Edlund – a gospel to his fathers’ lives. It was scary. Not only because of how intimate some of the scenes captured were, but because Jack broke one of Dean's cardinal rules after he handed over the freshly conned laptop. Never read the comments section.
Cas understands without needing Dean to say it. “Your meeting was less reunion, and more recruitment.”
Dean whistles a sad, short note, air hissed through his lips. He opens the glove box, digging around with the hand not restrained by Cas. Both content letting it continue. “Fine,” he tosses a plastic baggie into the backseat, “but open the window, blow all your smoke out there. I don’t plan on getting stoned tonight.”
They revel in their amusement, Andy slamming on the gas as the light flashes yellow. Their tailgater’s honking fades into the background while they continue unimpeded. Rounding a couple of teens smoking joints by a signpost, the buildings start disappearing. Spread wider distances between each other as pavement meets sand.
“Sure, we can hit the library after.” Dean waited a beat, enough for Cas’s reproachment to recede after ramming into him like waves on a stormy beach. “Listen, it’s been ages since we’ve had any time to
“You won’t regret anything!” Cas promises, “Regret is for squares and straight-laced freaks!” A few nearby people cheer, agreeing with him. Drawing attention their way. Cas bows his head, chuckling. “C’mon, don’t wanna disappoint your fans now, do you?”
He shakes his head, fiddling with an amethyst dangling around his neck. “You mock my charms yet wear a protective totem, yourself? Many contradictions hiding inside you.”
Cas thought Jack finally got bored. Realized hanging around an old hippie like him became bothersome. That he found better options for how he spent his time…
Eve snickers behind her cigarette, “Well if you were there when he did fall, you’d understand how tall a climb that was.”
– what with the Bunker and the Jack of it all. If Sam offers to hold down the fort for a while, what kind of partner would I be if I didn’t milk it to
He shrouded the rest of Cas’s body with military precision, robotically completing his ritual. Dean hovered at his side, tightly clutching the final knot in Cas’s wrappings. His head hung listlessly, the foundations of a prayer forming on his tongue. He gnashed his teeth together, smashing it, and the sentiment’s remains tumbled backwards. It ripped apart his insides like glass. The only person who would listen, who’d
“As if.” Dean sighs, “Stuck around with the old man for another tour or two. Every time I thought about leaving, I’d just… remember that night. Not getting a goodbye… how bad I felt and, no matter how he tried hiding it, how broken dad was, too. The drinking got worse after that, and it’s not like the fella could survive on his own. So, I picked up the slack. Felt nice knowing
,” he shouts, standing. “And I might have a good chance of doing that if I knew what made him want to pack it up in the first place. So if you care about your son, and him coming home… tell me whatever it is you’re too afraid to.”
“Yes, that’d be okay.” He coughs, tugging on his collar. “Hello, everyone, my name is Jimmy. And I’m an alcoholic.”
Near the end of one story - a special one where Castiel was included, an unfortunate oversight in a good chunk of posts - he noticed a small note. The author included it after finishing their story, and Jack would have been remiss if he ignored it.
Dean gestured at Jack, asking with exaggerated brows and frown lines, what they should do about Jack’s denigration. Sam, for his part, seemed unbothered by Jack’s callous attitude. “I mean,” he shrugged, “Jack’s not wrong. Mlms are… pretty annoying.”
“Cas!” Even with the extra help from gravity, Dean couldn’t stop the pinprick tears tracing their way down to his ears, wetness setting his skin aflame. He choked on a sob, the rubber band of his body snapping and recoiling into itself. His shoulders shook. He squeezed tight to his stomach. Dean closed his eyes, but inside that shuttered darkness was Cas, emerging from the portal. Cas with the blade in his hand. Cas with a blade, poking out his chest. “Oh… oh, God…”
“C’mon Castiel, you should know by now…” A familiar voice breaks through static, Cas’s grip tightening on the rusted rail. “This close to the end, anything goes.”
!” His voice rose and fell like the tides, mimicking a bastardized way whales communicated. Castiel would have been fooled if Dean hadn’t snickered the entire time.
He slaps his cheeks twice, “Well! Enough of that!” Cas crawls over to his desk, crushing a half-filled carton of rice and shoving an empty whiskey bottle from his path. He climbs into his chair, knees at his chest so he can rest his chin on them. First, he picks up the paper Kelly gave him, flips it around and realizes it’s actually a flyer.
The door opens, and suddenly the voices louden; target coming into sight. Dean barely glances up from his notepad, an air of stiff boredom hanging around him. Expression masked with the same coating that hides the pigs behind their special fencing. “Cas-tee-el Novak…” Dean drawls, finally deigning Cas with his attention, “Your parents knew you’d end up a hippie freak and helped the process along or did you come up with this name after a bad trip?”
“I knew there was something…” He hands the folder to Dean, grinning. “She’s one of them. The missing kids.”
It’s not a hallucination. His blurred outline sharpens the longer he stares, Cas aware his imagination cannot recreate freckles, dark, under-eye circles, or dimples.
They huddled around Mia in the lobby, at the front desk. She clicked through different tabs on her assistant’s computer. “A while back, we had these teens break in and mess the place up searching for cash, or whatever. I didn’t press any charges – nothing was stolen, and all I had to replace was a window and a few magazines – but Jim didn’t want to come back to work unless I installed some type of security system. I didn’t want to hire someone new so… I caved and got cameras. I never usually bother with them, since they’d do
It was the perfect environment for relaxation. Unfortunately, that was the furthest thought from her mind.
“And the hits kept coming,” Dean talks over Cas, steamrolling, “I gave Sammy a few days. Or rather… I needed them. Coming up with anything I could use to convince him t’let me help. When I drove by the building though it – uh… they cleared out.”
’ – stun a courtroom as he presented a terrifying series of events while the man on the stand weathered each, truthful blow. “That was my light in the tunnel… didn’t matter the shopkeeper chased me off with a broom not soon after, I knew where I had t’go.”
Calvin takes the rejection horridly. Shoves Cas off, muttering, “Motherfucker…” Cas leans on a nearby wall while the other man collects his clothes – threadbare jeans he angrily hops into and a tight t-shirt with holes along the collar. Boots in hand and jacket on his arm, Calvin spares Cas any further theatrics by leaving. Front door slamming a small comfort.
.” Glancing back, he can see the light blink and fade into nothing, descending back into the murky depths to wait for another unsuspecting prey.
“If they don’t fit the profile they’re shuffled along, and not my problem anymore,” Dean says, jumping up as well. Teeth bared defensively. “Look, things fall through the cracks. I knew that without having to join the fuckin’ unit. I’m only doing what I can –“
?” Cas understands easily, aided by the stiff dick poking him. That, coupled with the torturous drag of Calvin’s hand, murmured dirty talk, and the light migraine rattling behind his eyes convinces Cas he needs the release.
Cas knocks into a suit while crossing the street, the stuck-up stranger glaring at him. He smiles and offers him a friendly peace sign that lazily flies into a bird when he turns his back. The man disappears into the milling crowd more similar to Cas than him. When the temperature hovers in the eighties nine months out of the year, layers aren’t recommended. But a few nearby buildings house drones like that where they shelter indoors for most of the day. Only appearing for the brief moments in the day when they aren’t busy. Lives spent chasing after the almighty dollar, the carrot on a stick called the American Dream. A stark contrast to many who call this makeshift mainland paradise home.
Sam cringed at his worst-case scenario but hadn’t shrugged his hand off. Instead he returned the gesture with his own comforting touch around Dean’s wrist. “Okay,” Sam said, “you can come. Don’t embarrass me though, by being an ass.”
“Yeah I mean,” he rolls his eyes, snorting. “It’s gotten scraggly in the past, but I never let it get too…
With each step down, Cas tries crafting a way he can access the necessary files without being turned away. As an ordinary citizen, he cannot do much in enemy territory. Especially dressed in his Mer La Vista best. He kicks himself for not swiping a badge off the cop from earlier, assured Fitzgerald would be none the wiser. Maybe if he found a locker room, he could play dress up. But Cas wasted enough time at Dean’s desk. All he can hope is that whoever stands guard they’re either dim enough Cas can lie and not arouse suspicion, or easily swept up in his charm. Either way, his confidence must withstand. Cas squares his shoulders, forces a smile on his face, and exits the stairwell.
“Oh Dean,” Cas laughs, reaching around and dragging him into a one-sided hug. “This whole mess ain’t ending ‘till sun up, anyhow. We’re bound to get lucky by then.” Even under the brightly colored and ever-changing strobes, Cas sees how Dean’s skin pales. “Don’t act like that. Let the energy flow
Cas still needed one last thing until they met. An opportunity only the universe could present. Exiting the library, he cleared his head and began wandering the campus again. Tuning into the youthful energy radiating inwards like an electrical plant, their hopes and dreams of the future giving him a different high than the one grass does. Although he smelled that familiar sweetness heavy in the air.
“I waited millennia to meet you, and then years just so I can hold you like this.” Cas closes the distance, capturing Dean’s lips. “I’m
Red light, green light, it didn’t matter now. Dean crawled along to the nearest lot that belonged to a tacky chain eatery. Parking inside, Dean threw his car door open and spilled free of his Baby. He fell to his knees, hissing, denim ripping on impact and gravel scratching his skin. Dean staggered to his feet. Blood trickled down his leg from the open wound on his knee. He walked forward, dazed, while Baby idled at an angle, keys trapped in her ignition. If it were later in the day, someone might steal her. If Dean were acting like himself, he might care.
“No husband,” he smirks, leaning on the desk. Cas winks, “Maybe you’re here for something else then… guess my reputation has finally reached the book clubs and sewing circles.”
“You like that?” Calvin growls, lips glued to the back of his neck, “C’mon, man, I know you can do better…”
Dean’s atypical car door slamming during his exit. “What?” Dean asked, his voice a dark and stormy sound that rattled Sam’s bones like lightning, “Dad hunted with you when you were his age. It’ll be fine.”
Cas hems the issue, knowing Crowley well enough that if he were let in on the ground floor the building would end up looking how he wants. A missing kid wouldn’t ping his radar, but if Dick Roman were involved like he suspected, Cas’s neck would become very acquainted with Crowley’s vodka-stained breath. “Infiltration,” he lied, “Someone lost all their life’s savings letting this company play around with it, betting on failing horses in the the racetrack called Wall Street. Want me to weasel in and see if I can find proof that their practices are as shady as they believe.”
“Absolutely not!” Ted slams his fist on the table, Cas jumping at the sound. “The job didn’t make him go all damn hippie, that’s completely absurd!” Sighing, he retakes his seat and pinches the bridge of his nose. Like he can pull at the thread Cas loosened with his questioning and remove all the pent-up stress. “I’m sorry, I… that was unprofessional.”
Tracy dawdles by the entryway, dusting off a burnt sienna drape that matches the sunset color of her dress. Cas detours her way, smiling. Drawn by how the light of the sunset parses through the window and highlights her features. “Hey, Tracy.”
.” They both flinched, her voice brokering no argument. The target of her disappointment threw his hands up in surrender, leaving them and helping clean. Billie pinches her brow, chest expanding as she breathes in deeply. On the exhale, Cas sees she returned to a more pleasant demeanor. A hollow cheeriness, on further examination. She hides her exasperation with his presence much better than her friends. Leaders are most known for their diplomacy, which she exudes alongside confidence and strength. Billie is a commanding presence.
“Told you.” Dean hefts him up, throwing Castiel’s arm over his shoulders. “Now come on, we should get you some clothes before someone finds us.”
Almost Christmas, at least. In fifteen minutes. But before they exchange gifts with their family next morning, Dean and Cas discussed a more intimate setting where they can unwrap each other’s presents. Given how this is the first year they’ll celebrate Christmas as a
“Really?” Dean focuses on his hands, twiddling thumbs across his stomach. “Huh…” He seems uncomfortable, which worries Castiel as it goes against previous statements.
“Thanks…” Kelly shakes her head, turning off memory lane and back to more pressing matters. “Anyway, one night we were having dinner and it was tense. Tenser than any other. I asked if he could pass the salt and he… exploded on me, asking me about him. I couldn’t speak I was so surprised. When I managed to overcome the shock of it I… could have handled myself better.”
“Timeout there,” Lucifer smirks, eyes glowing red. Reflection of Dean’s entire face, blood rapidly swelling his cheeks. “Don’t want to do anything you’ll regret…” He holds Dean there, frozen, waits until the other man seems calm. Dips his head, tries catching Dean’s gaze. “If I let you go, will you behave?” Dean remains silent, yet Lucifer hears him. Tunes into his frequency, actively sifting through his frenzied emotions. “Seriously,” he lets Dean go, hunter falling on his ass, “how are we supposed to work as a team if you’re not willing to cooperate?”
Dean groaned, climbing to his feet. He swayed with the breeze, a lone willow in this blacktop clearing. Some of the blood from his knuckles drippled like morning dew would off its leaves. He advanced, the teen tensing as he moves closer. Their shoulders brushed, the younger of the two stumbling back a few inches, cowering in Dean’s presence. Dean thought he should say something, let him know there’s nothing to be afraid of.
Dean will rise. Gather what little he, Sam, and Jack have and rush at Chuck until there truly is nothing left. Of this world. Or of them. But that’s later.
Claire, while obviously unhappy, does not argue any further. She sinks into the backseat, arms crossed. “And
The surprises keep coming. If Cas isn’t careful, the tide will sweep him far out on the sea with no hope of finding shore ever again. “You’ve smoked?” Unlike when Dean interrogated Cas, there’s no edge infused in the question. No thought of teasing the other man. Only genuine curiosity.
He cannot escape them now. Meg locked up in her tower. Joint forgotten in front of the church. Cas bows his head as the downpour begins.
Castiel attempts a smile, the chuckle coming out wet not from their surroundings. “Just me? What about your people?”
It was something he has wanted to do for some time now. Dean noticed what happens halfway into its journey, his trembling hand hovering over Cas’s. He lowered it cautiously. When there’s barely an inch of space separating his middle finger from Cas’s knuckles, Dean stopped. Dean couldn’t close that final gap. He stared at the emptiness between them, small but terrifyingly infinite, and was frozen in terror.
His uninvited guest splutters, blushing. He drops his gaze towards Cas’s crotch, and then a hand waves in front while he averts his eyes. Although the splayed fingers terribly hide it from him, and Cas notices how the other man’s stare returns through the slats. “Seriously,” he growls, “I didn’t take you for one of those types, Cas.”
He hurries into his car, starting the engine. Glancing at his rearview mirror, Cas checks the color of the sky. Doing so only takes a few seconds, but his stare lingers. Away from the cloudless blue and towards a captivating black shape perched nearby.
Cas could peel the smile off the smaller man’s face like a weathered bumper sticker. “Right, we understand completely.” He angles his face away, hidden anger exploding like a volcano when removed from Cas’s direct line of sight. The lava debris strikes at Dean, the detective pallid once more. “Winchester, maybe
“No,” he grins, too aware of the lines on his own face. “I never was any good at the academia racket.” Cas ignores the exasperation slapped across her face like the sun on that overpriced painting. “Trust me, though, it don’t take much for a kid to want to hitch on to greener pastures. Everyone’s always looking for a way out, especially now.”
Cas sighs, shoulders tensing while he crosses his arms. “Sorry. Hi, how are you? Enjoying the weather? Trying a new hairstyle? …Now can we get back to business?”
“Right,” Crowley drawled, joint dangling limply in his grasp, “Like I haven’t heard that one…” He retook a hit, lounging on his squeaking chair. Fixing the flaps of his suit and slamming feet on the edge of his desk, stacks of paper trembling.
“I thought I’d never see this again.” Cas sits on his heels, studying the old Panavue in his hands. Marked up with nicks and bumps from years of use. He runs his thumb over the dent that saved his life, blocking a bullet that nearly tore through his heart. “How’ve you been girl?”
“Ours.” Cas flashes their joined hands, showing off two similar bands on their middle fingers. “We got married.”
While unappreciative of his tone, Kelly does as asked. Leans on his desk, her eyes closed in thought. As he waits, Cas picks up the dried toilet paper ball of blood. Walks it to his toilet and flushes it away. Over the sound of flushes, he hears her gasp, “He mentioned something.”
“Never got the chance,” Andy discloses. After one drag, he slumps further into the chair with his legs hanging off the side. “There I was, rolling a long on – for us to share, cause I’m a romantic shit like that – and she tells me she wants to shotgun her first hit into my mouth. I close my eyes and wait, only it never comes. By the time I open my eyes she’s nowhere. Last I’ll ever trust a pretty face with grass…” Another drag, and suddenly Andy bounces up. “Anyway, figured you might have some grass I could bum. Plus, being conned makes me hungry… you want to take this sesh’ over to Singer’s?”
“I’m gonna be grounded for the next month,” Claire spits through a mouthful of corn puffs, “you still owe
“Cas? Cas?” Dean cranes his neck as far as it can take him, one eye able to meet Castiel’s sad gaze. “What’s he talking about? My boat…?”
“What?” Dean asks, a single tear slipping free. Trails along his cheek until it falls off his chin. “How – how is this happening?”
Dean walked in as Jack edited, interrupting his proofreading right there. Backtracking, Jack finds that the spelling mistake wasn’t the only piece lifted from his writing. The entirety of what happened in the kitchen was re-enacted by his dads, playing out like it were a script.
Dean grimaces into the camera, mouth wrinkled with nervousness. Eyes looking like an overly weeded lawn, green frail and sickly. His arms were wrapped around the shoulders of another, a woman with fiery red hair twisted into an intricate up-do that presses itself against the side of Dean’s face. Her blood colored smile sends a shiver through Cas’s body, tongue peeking out from behind unfortunately stained teeth. Unlike Dean, her focus was lost on the tiny gemstone perched on her finger. Tiny enough that Cas must squint to see the jewelry.
The bartender pursed his lips, eyes dragging over Dean’s frame as if he were stripping him bare in the room; peeling away the layers of his jacket and plaid button-down and faded band tee like they were tissue, freckled-and-pale skin freed for
Dean roots around his jacket pocket, uncovering the mixtape he made Cas. He pocketed it, refusing to let it burn with the rest of his angel. However, holding it in his hands then, Dean knew he could never listen to it, nor any of those songs contained within, anymore. He saved the mixtape for this moment. Dean digs a small grave for his ‘Top Traxx’, placing it inside and covering his work with a sweep of his hands.
Dean, jolted from his memories, quickly remembers where he was. He arches a stern brow at Cas, mouth thinning into a harsh line as he pockets the amulet. Detective Winchester returns. “I
“Well it’s not,” Dean spat, “It’s a big mess of string that’s tangled with no hope of ever being untangled! In fact, it’s like the more effort we go into untangling it, the messier it gets, and the larger it gets, spreading past us and mucking up everyone else in our lives!”
Walking from where he left Kelly, he slides into his chair and lounges with feet up on the desk. Grabs for his phone and dials a number, overpowering his dread with repeated mantras of how ‘it’s for the greater good’. Mumbles them until the dial tone breaks and an echo answers, “Hello?”
If he keeps winning arguments in their relationship, he might need newer hats. Already the straw fedora he wore seemed tighter than yesterday, a small migraine forming at the base of his skull from an expanded ego. Intensified as Dean steps out, too, slamming the door behind him.
“Woah, easy Janet,” her boyfriend said, glancing around the crowded space. He looked very skittish, tan face blanching at the prospect of being noticed. “I know he gave you that low mark, but –“
Especially in a nearby mob of gathered students, voices drifting over. Cas stopped in his tracks, listening as a scruffy man with a megaphone glued over his mouth yelled about the war overseas. Interspersed with cheers and chants from his group of enraptured listeners. It wasn’t a sizeable crowd, Cas seeing better turnouts at minor league baseball games. Unsurprising. With how long the debacle in Vietnam went on, any chance of America abandoning their campaign seemed hopeless. At least these kids were lucky. Heads buried in books; they wouldn’t be subjected to the killing fields. They’ll come out of this better than ever, hands clean and innocent.
. My time here has taught me…” Those words feel awkward on his tongue, incorrect. He switches, answering honestly. “
His argument follows a strong line of logic. Cas will never allow Dean to catch him admitting his wrongdoing, though. He still has a few tricks that will curve the straightforward arrow Dean draws. “Well yes,” he starts, “in that sense I
Everything seemed like he left it. The haphazard mountain of files stacked atop the desk didn’t shift at his entrance. No avalanche upending the entire structure and scattering old cases onto the floor with the empty pizza boxes and forgotten disguises. Across the way at the other end, his desk fared better. Less files, and a dented camera resting next to an ashtray with one and a half joints resting inside.
Cas pulls away from the curb, following at a safe distance. Keeps at least two or three cars behind Mr. Pellegrino and never loses track of the cherry red crisis mobile. Parks on the other side of the lot he stops in, watching him skulk towards a neon glow that stirs Cas’s loins thinking about what waits past the guarded doors. Promised by the flashing sign that shouts ‘Girls! Girls! Girls!’ “Very educational venue, professor,” Cas chuckles, stepping out of his own vehicle.
“Ah.” Nothing else needed saying. His fathers have been strange the past couple of days since he revealed his hidden talent to them. While they repeatedly told Jack they forgave him, there was still something that put them at unease. “They’re still not talking to each other?”
Mary stumbled out of the memory-dream, slowly at first, then thrown into consciousness by a calloused hand. She yawned, stretching, agitating the knot in her lower back. “Yeah?”
The front door swings open, Claire bounding down the porch steps. Her timing impeccable. Cas pushes off, feigning calmness. “Let’s get on the road,” he says, clearing his throat. “Dean… if you will?” Glancing at the front seat, Cas hopes Dean understands. He doesn’t trust his voice much right now.
Without any of the earlier adrenaline, Cas is inclined to join Dean. Relax now that the worst is over, the danger averted. Despite how heavy his eyelids were, however, they cannot close. They resist, staring at his and Dean’s hands. At how their palms touched, Cas wondering how they stayed so soft. Their fingers slotted together in an almost perfect way that makes him question whether he had fallen asleep. And if he awoke, Dean and he would be at separate ends of the car. Opposite sides, like they’re used to. Not this.
Sifting through the paperwork, Cas whistled. “This is a heavy sell… and you’re sure it will get me inside?”
, together, because I’ve never thought I could love anyone like this until you showed me it was possible, Cas and –“
“Yes, I do.” She sits across from him on the edge of the chair, legs folded tight. Lips pinched tight in judgment while glaring at the blackened sludge fossilized in a forgotten coffee mug.
“Seriously?” Dean leaned forward enough, sniffing the makeshift towel. “…Guess it’ll do.” He rubbed it through his hair, standing at full height once more. “Don’t know why you put me through all that water torture anyway…”
Sam shook his head, glancing at Jack. The young boy watched them with keen interest, golden brown eyes unblinking as they studied them; like he understood what they discussed. Sam discarded this thought in his next breath. He might have ancient power coursing through him, but he’s not even a week old. “You know I can’t,” he started, “Someone has to be here with Jack.” Since Dean refused to do it, Sam’s stayed in the motel for most of this case.
She slipped into the tub, taking a drag from her joint and huffing smoke past her lips. It clouded the past events, of Buddy’s attack and his death, of Dean Winchester’s breakdown, but didn’t fully remove them. Tonight carved itself a firm place within her mind as a turning point in her life.
“Well, when you’re rolling around the tarmac, waiting to fly off, the stewardesses go through this spiel they do. Ten minutes spent preparing us for the random chance our metal bucket fails and we plummet towards the Earth. Like they think that’s all we’ll need… Anyway, there are these little bags that fall from the roof of the cabin to help with breathing. And the bags – the stewardesses tell you, in the event of an emergency, to put your own bag over your face, then help your child with theirs.”
One by one, Cas peeled the cats off him, placing each of them down with a loving remark. He stood up and took a moment to readjust his tie, which had become loose as the cats tugged on it. As he stood up, Dean was able to see just how much cat hair was covering him.
Sam suddenly got a wave of nausea. He still couldn’t get used to his brother being so open. Of course he was happy for them, but that didn’t mean it didn’t make him want to puke.
“Well, I have a lot of questions, but we can save those for later. Now let’s see some puppies.” He blinked hard, trying to force the tears back in.
Cas had almost forgotten; his biology class was taking a series of field trips to local nature preserves. They would take place over the course of the next month, one destination a week to teach them about the native wildlife.
Cas took the drill and placed it into one of the loose screws in the board. Before he could start, Dean stopped him.
“Woah, no need to get so angry, man, it was just a joke. I just don’t want you replacing me, that’s all.” Gabe winked.
“I’m Dean, by the way.” The boy said, smiling. Cas, now much closer to his face than before, noticed how his freckles covered almost every square inch of his face.
“He is the cutest,” Cas managed to choke out, lying to his face. “Let’s get him.” He gave Dean a smile, trying to act like he agreed.
“Like we don’t have all the space in the world in the bunker. C’mon, isn’t he just the cutest?” He bent down to let the dog lick his face. This disgusted Cas.
The drive back to the bunker was a long one. The two brothers sat in the front, and the angel in the back. Sam couldn’t keep the smirk off of his face as he gripped the steering wheel, trying not to make his expressions obvious to Dean in the passenger seat. As he drove, he let the nostalgia of the past 15 years wash over him. Damn, he thought, I never thought we’d make it here. No more fighting stupid monsters; demons, witches, or whatever else crossed their path. He remembered the first time he met Cas, and how astonished he was at how such a powerful being could fit inside a human shell like he did. He thought it was funny how the angel who was meant to serve humans had not the smallest clue as to what they were really like. Yet, he wondered, Cas threw away all he had for a human he had never met before.
“Hmm,” Sam thought for a moment. “How about Miracle, because that’s what today is.” He smiled, looking around at his loving family. Two new members in one day was more than he could ask for.
Cas suddenly remembered the gift Dean had given him a few weeks back. He reached into the pocket of his trench coat and pulled out the mixtape. Cas reached forward and handed it to Dean. “Here” he said. As Dean took the cassette from Cas, he looked down and realized what it was. Dean’s top 13 Zepp TRAXX was written on the front of it in his hand writing.
Dean was the one to lose the staring contest.  He instead brought his glance down to Cas’s hand on his arm, and decided he would focus on the feeling of his grip while he tried to file through his thoughts.
Cas ignored that last part. He knew he was joking, but he also knew Gabe secretly liked the power that being Cas’s only friend granted him.
Dean just stared at her, his eyes a bit teary. He didn’t realize how much he missed his friend. There was a point in time where they were inseparable, two peas in a pod, if you will. She had been like a little sister to Dean.
Dean left the room, searching for his lover. Sam was sitting at the table, aimlessly scrolling on his laptop.
One by one, he checked things off of a running list he kept in his mind as he took things out of his locker. Okay, backpack, binder, textbook, field trip forms, he stopped and thought for a moment, what am I missing? Oh, he grabbed his sweatshirt off of the hook. It was mid October at this point, and although it had not gotten too cold yet, he still always kept a sweater with him, just in case.
Gabe’s newest idea was to make Cas join the school’s theater club with him. Cas had a sneaking suspicion this was because Cas had recently come out to his peers. Okay, it wasn’t a true ‘coming out’, it was more like he just stopped trying to hide it. I mean yeah I’m gay, but im not that gay, Cas had said to himself when Gabe made the suggestion. He reluctantly agreed, though; he did realize his social life was steadily declining, with a destination straight to hell.
Cas walked out of his last period class and to his locker, where Gabe had promised to meet him so that they could walk to the auditorium together. Gabe was not there. I should’ve expected that, he sighed. He was probably too busy flirting with that girl he saw him walking the halls with this morning. I gotta ask him about that.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to laugh. You just looked shocked to see me.” He was even more shocked that Dean would apologize for laughing at him. He didn’t seem like the in-touch-with-his-emotions type.
“Ah, man, now I got fur all over my pants!” He complained, swiftly handing the cat back to Cas, beginning to swipe his hands down his pants in an effort to remove the fur.
“Woah, you’re just gonna let us leave just like that? Come back to chillax, have a few! I’m sure Sam would like to see you too.”
“Yeah, I was. But after you guys, like, killed God or whatever, a bunch of us got cast down from heaven. I couldn’t just live on the street, so here I am.” She gestured to her name tag that was pinned onto her work vest.
Dean shot him a look. One that said fuck you and I want to fuck you at the same time. In reality, he was content with Cas’s suggestion. A part of him just liked to tease his lover. But to Dean, the most enjoyable part was seeing Cas learning how to play along. There was a time when Dean’s sarcasm confused, and sometimes upset, the angel, but slowly he started to fall in love with the way the human could be so effortlessly witty. It charmed him.
“Dean,” he said, in a raspy yet sincere tone. Before he could speak any further, Dean cut him off. “Where the hell have you been?” His voice was worn out. All he wanted was his best-friend back. He didn’t want to play these games anymore. He wanted to play house, not monster hunters.
“I’m Castiel. You can call me Cas, though.” He said back. No one ever really called him by his full name, but it didn’t bother him at all actually. He much preferred his nickname.
“Alrighty then, I’ll set you guys up with the paperwork. It’ll take just a few minutes. Do you want me to let you guys see the cats while I go get it?”
“Okay.” Cas continued drilling in the rest of the other screws on the board. Dean watched him, making sure he was doing it correctly. When he was done, Cas handed the drill back to Dean.
“You know, Cas, you can sleep in my room if you want.” Dean suggested, lowering his voice in hopes that Sam would not hear him in the next room.
“Woah, uh, I-” stammered Sam, entering the room. He stood in the doorway, not knowing what to say or what to do.
“Haha, sure thing! Since I’m not a senior sales associate, I can’t let you in to see the dogs, so let me just get my manager!” The girl quickly turned and walked the other way.
When he finally caught up to Gabe, he stood next to him and his friend while they talked about who knows what. It was the girl he had seen Gabe with in the hallways earlier that morning. She had bright red hair and a sort of nerdy smile. Cas didn’t think he recognized her from anywhere. Gabe didn’t even introduce them, so Cas simply smiled and nodded like he always did, pretending to follow whatever they were saying.
“So you’re telling me that for the past ten fucking years you knew when I was thinking of you?!” Dean exclaimed, his cheeks suddenly glowing red.
Hand in hand, they walked through the sliding glass doors of the building. Quickly, they were greeted by a probably underqualified teenager who seemed a bit too eager to help them.
The building was big and beige with the words PETSMART written in bright red and blue block letters on the front. Dean gulped, still surprised he let Cas convince him to get a dog. Don’t really want a damn creature living in my house, he had said to Cas when he mentioned the idea. You do realize that I am a creature, Cas had said to him. The idea was growing on him, though.
Dean led Sam down the hallway, doing a silly little skip as he walked. Sam shook his head and laughed at his forty year old brother who still managed to act four. As they entered the living room, Cas turned his head to look at Sam, then to look at Dean.
Cas responded in a passionate kiss, this time placing his own hands on Dean’s face, grasping him firmly as he urged to get closer to the man he had risked it all for.
“He doesn’t want to watch a movie with us?”, Cas pouted. He actually enjoyed Sam’s company. Sure, he was no Dean, but having Sam around offered a nice change in perspective every once in a while. The two brothers seemed to balance each other out- when they weren’t bickering, of course.
“Woah, kiddo, slow down there.” Cas wondered why Dean kept calling him ‘kid’. They were the same age after all.
The boys drove in silence, Dean on the wheel and Cas in the passenger seat. It was strange for just the two of them to be in the car by themselves without Sam. They both noticed this without bringing it up, though, too uncomfortable with the thought that their bond could be hurting him so much.
Dean quickly pulled away from Cas, but the angel’s hands continued to linger. Dean swatted the wandering fingers away as soon as he noticed them.
Charlie put the dog on its leash and handed it to Dean, who was launched forward by the strength of the Dog. When pulled back on it to keep it tame, he was about to call out its name when he realized they had not given it one.
Dean stepped off the chair, suddenly more awake than he had been in days. His chest tightened as he began to process what Cas was saying to him. He knew Cas was right. The moment he met him in that barn, it was like he found a piece of himself he didn’t know he was missing. He felt the blood rush to his cheeks as the other man kept his gaze locked on him.
“Yeah, lately. It seems like ever since we stopped hunting, you’ve been all weird. You barely talk to us anymore.”
“We could ask you the same thing, Charlie. Now bring it in.” Dean held out his arms and took Charlie into his embrace. To her, his arms felt like home. She couldn’t even remember the last time she had seen them.
Finally, after what felt like eternity, Dean brought his eyes back up to meet the angel’s. When he did, the look on Cas’s face broke him. Cas had put on that puppy-dog look of his. His eyes were filled with an eternity’s worth of hope. Dean could sense the emotion flowing out of him, the feelings that he had been waiting to express for over 10 years now. As Dean watched the tears fall down his cheeks, his eyes began to water too.  So many things he had not realized before quickly began to make sense. In the same way that meeting Cas had filled a hole in his life, hearing those three words filled the same shaped hole in his heart. For the first time in his life, they felt sincere. The anguished man finally knew what love felt like, and this was it.
As they did so, Charlie entered the room. “Alrighty-” she stopped herself when she saw Dean’s hand on Cas’s face. He lowered it, giving her a grin.
Dean placed his hands over Cas’s and positioned the drill straight up so that it was perpendicular to the screw. “You want all your weight on top of the drill so that it goes straight into the board and doesn’t make it splinter.” Dean turned to look at Cas for a confirmation.
“Alright kid, I’ll show you, come here.” He gestured for Cas to come closer to him as he kneeled onto the ground in front of the boards.
Cas and Dean followed her through the store, where she led them to a room in the back. The outward facing wall was made of glass, allowing customers to see the dogs from the outside. On the side next to them, there was also a room of cats. Cas quickly gravitated towards the kittens, amused at how they seemed to defy gravity as they climbed their play fixtures.
“Sam’s gonna watch the movie with us,” Dean told him. He raised an eyebrow at him, trying to ask him if he was okay with that.
Gabe, however, did know some of the people there, and went to talk to one of his friends backstage. Cas followed him, not knowing what to do with himself. God, he thought, I didn’t think it could get any worse. Behind the stage there was a cage and a small closet, both filled with costumes and tools that looked like they had been there for years. It smelled of wood and moth balls.
“Oh god,” Dean laughed, pretending he did not want this to be happening, when they both knew he did.
“C’mon man! Get out there, make some new friends!” He gave Cas a slight push on the shoulder as a polite way of telling him to leave.
“Don’t take it personally, Cas. I think he’s just lonely, that’s all. He’s gotta get out there, meet some people, get laid, ya know?”
Sam did not have the energy to play Dean’s games. He set his tea cup down and headed the other way, no particular destination in mind.
“Ohh it’s a long story, we’ll get to that later” she laughed, raising an eyebrow to Dean who was standing behind Sam now.
Hi! I'm taking recommendations for things to write into this fic! I'll pretty much add whatever, as long as it's not too crazy. Also this chapter is v fluffy enjoy.
As Dean sat back and listened to the music, he let himself relax for the first time in, well, as long as he could remember. He stared out the window at the trees, and he became mesmerized by the different colors of the leaves that began to fall from the trees. He then averted his attention to the sky. It was a bright and crisp day with no clouds in sight. The bright blue hue of the sky reminded him of Cas’s eyes. Okay, maybe the colors weren’t that similar, but everything seemed to remind him of Cas these days. In fact, he’s all he could think about. He reminisced on the days he would spend praying for the angel in his absence, begging for any sign of him. The realization that he didn’t have to fear losing him again suddenly came into view. They could finally live the ‘normal’ life he had always wished for, ever since he was a young boy. He let himself smile.
Cas sighed and went to sit down on the stairs again. He looked up at the clock to check the time. The club would be over in 20 minutes. Okay, he thought, only twenty more minutes, that’s five minutes four times. I can do that. Lost in his train of thought, Cas noticed someone sit down next to him. It was Dean. He looked up at him, surprised to see him again.
“Oh guys, I don’t know, I can’t really leave my shift” She did consider it though. It would be nice to just relax with everyone. It had been a while since the last time they did.
“Hi! Welcome to Petsmart, how can I help you two today?” The girl was short, with brown hair and big glasses.
“Okay, I think I have it now,” Cas said when he noticed Dean was waiting for a response. He could never quite tell when he was supposed to talk in a conversation and when he wasn’t. His parents always told him to only speak when spoken to, but even then he could never be sure when he was being spoken to.
