John sighed, “Yeah, alright. You’ve got me there.” He favoured Sherlock with a long, considering look. “Well, if you’re sure.”
John shuddered, turning his head slowly and with apparent effort. He was silent, studying Sherlock for a long moment, his expression wary, before rasping out, “You. I need you.”
John’s lips curled into a slight smirk. “No,” he said in agreement, standing at last. “I think I’m going to have a shower, actually.” As Sherlock stared at him, dumbfounded, John stepped around the futon and moved toward the bathroom door. He stripped off his vest as he went, dropping it on the floor with careless fingers. His pants followed, kicked off as he disappeared into the bathroom, granting Sherlock the briefest glimpse of John’s leanly muscled backside before the door closed behind him.
Sherlock froze, taken aback by John’s stare, as wariness gleamed in John’s blue eyes. It appeared slowly, darkening his gaze until Sherlock struggled against the urge to squirm.
Sherlock stared at the message, his lips pursed as he wondered if this was a good idea. But it seemed too late to turn back now. He started to text a response before he could doubt himself again.
Mycroft’s lips curled into a cold little smile. “That I am.” He looked sideways at Sherlock, who tried not to bristle. “His older brother.” Radiating smugness — and an odd sharpness — Mycroft released John’s hand and nodded to him. “Pleasure to meet you, Mister Watson. I’ll take my leave now. Important places to be, people to see, you know how it is.”
Dropping his gaze, Sherlock stared at his hands, clasped in his lap. “I understand. And I promise you that it won’t come to that.”
Either Sherlock was the brilliant young prodigy, distant, set above, unliked and unwanted. But rational, vibrant, miles ahead of the ordinary… or he was the opposite. Drugged, insensate, rough personality made bearable to others only by blurring his sharp edges into something indistinct but palatable. All his life, it had been one or the other. No one accepted Sherlock for himself, not unless he dimmed his star.
Seconds later, he was making his escape, slipping carefully out of John’s slack grip and nearly tumbling onto the floor. Sherlock caught himself at the last moment, wary of making noise and waking John. Clumsy, he regained his feet and escaped into the bathroom. There, he pressed his back to the closed door and stared at the wall over the toilet. His heartbeat was loud enough that Sherlock could hardly hear himself think until his mind began to panic, his clamouring thoughts drowning out the unsteady cadence of his blood.
They shifted, Sherlock rolling onto his back at a guiding nudge from John. Clothed in nothing but their underthings, their bodies slotted together, skin to skin everywhere but where Sherlock wanted it most. He felt John’s leg slip between his thighs and breathed out a low moan, helpless against the surge of desire that rippled through him. John swallowed the noise, his mouth insistent against Sherlock’s, the tip of his tongue hot and coaxing against Sherlock’s lips until they parted. The kiss deepened, John licking into his mouth, his hips giving one tentative, testing roll while his fingers tangled harder in Sherlock’s hair.
Startled by the grudging admission, Sherlock stilled. He stared at Mycroft, processing the words and the meaning behind them. Was Mycroft seriously saying he had given this case to Sherlock because he could entrust it to anyone else? Surely, someone on his overpaid, overqualified staff could handle it? It sounded like Mycroft was saying the opposite, and Sherlock felt his mind grind to a halt, reeling at the possibility. If Mycroft was telling the truth and not simply trying to control Sherlock as he always did, then Sherlock had already misstepped. He had allowed himself to become distracted, first at the club with dancing and focusing on himself, and now, with this indulgence with John.
“And risk falling asleep on the tube, never to emerge from the depths of the London Underground ever again?” Sherlock snorted. “Sounds like a fine way to ensure a mugging.”
“Yeah,” John replied, following as Sherlock turned toward the stairs. “I’m going to be a doctor.” He pulled a face. “I mean, if my mush brain can still retain information after three days with next to no sleep.” Trying to stifle another yawn, John wondered aloud, “I don’t know how I’m even still awake.”
Frowning down at him, Sherlock pursed his lips. “Have it your way. I’m going to sleep.” With that, he turned on his heel in a clumsy about-face and slouched over to the closet. Retrieving two pillows and a comforter, he threw the pillows onto the futon and dropped down, pulling the blanket over him as he went. Beneath the cover, Sherlock stripped out of his jeans and socks and tossed them onto the floor. His skin seemed to sigh in relief, blessedly released from the chafing confines of the damp denim and wool.
The distance between Sherlock’s desk and the futon was hardly more than a foot and a half, letting Sherlock observe John closely without moving. He did just that, studying John’s face with unabashed curiousity. Hands pressed together beneath his chin, Sherlock leaned closer. He noted the smudges beneath John’s eyes, and the dark sweep of his eyelashes, casting spidery shadows over his cheeks.
Afraid of being caught out but unable to resist the temptation, Sherlock shot a quick glance over his shoulder. But he needn’t have worried about being observed; John was asleep. Sherlock was sure he’d only been caught up in his thoughts for fifteen minutes max, but John had managed to drop off in that short amount of time. Tilted over at an uncomfortable-looking angle, his cheek pillowed on the open pages of his textbook, he was out like a light. His thin lips parted around a quiet snore as Sherlock watched.
Sherlock frowned at the message, his cheeks burning slightly at the endearment. Clearing his throat, he scrubbed at the warmth in his face with one hand and texted back with the other.
A short breath wafted against Sherlock’s throat: a quiet chuckle from John. “God, no. I really don’t.”
Instead of waiting for John’s reaction, Sherlock dropped onto the futon and tugged his shirt over his head. The collar caught briefly on his curls, damp from the walk back to his flat. He battled with the shirt for a moment, conquering the clothing with a triumphant huff when his head finally popped free.
With that reminder of the case, Sherlock set his empty drink on the table and slipped out of the dark corner. He moved through the growing crowd, now closer to a crush than a sparse smattering of people as the night went on, scanning those faces he passed for familiarity. Mycroft’s email had included several photos of a middle-aged man with grey-shot brown hair and light-coloured green eyes. It was hard to tell shades and tones with the strobing lights, and Sherlock let himself move with the flow of the pack, searching at his leisure. He made eye contact now and again with a few men and one woman who raised inquisitive eyebrows until Sherlock shook his head and moved along.
Helping John from the sitting room to the bedroom proved itself to be a monumental task, Sherlock staggering down the hall with John’s dead weight against him. They finally made it through the door, leaving a trail of bloody gore on their way.
Sherlock waved away his concern. “Perfectly fine. Strange dreams and sleeping in the middle of the day can have that effect on a person.” Clearing his throat, he studied John closely, noting that he was freshly shaved, and the faint humidity of a recent shower clung to his pink-scrubbed skin. He still looked a little tired, though the deep-etched shadows beneath those bright blue eyes had lightened. A messenger bag hung off John’s left shoulder, looking weighted down with what Sherlock assumed must be several heavy texts.
Sherlock sighed., resigned to addressing his brother’s overprotectiveness. “Nothing you, Mummy or Daddy would disapprove of. I’m fine, Mycroft. Really. This case won’t be an issue. Just text. Me. The. Details.” He punctuated each word with a nudge toward the door until his brother was forced to move lest Sherlock push him off his feet.
“Sorry,” John said, breathless and clearly in a rush, one arm full of heavy books, “but I have to go. Going to be late for my morning class.” Flashing a crooked smile, John added, “I’ll have to remember to set an alarm next time.” With that statement and a cheeky wink, he was gone. The door swung shut behind him, leaving Sherlock staring at the place where John had stood, only seconds before.
“I’m not a child anymore,” Sherlock snapped, shedding his clothes lightning-fast and ducking out of sight behind the shower curtain while Mycroft’s back was still turned. “And you haven’t bathed me since I was
“Aright,” John finally said once Sherlock’s face was clear. “Just your throat left. Make sure not to move.”
With that statement, Sherlock dropped down until they were skin to skin, stretching his body over John’s as he swallowed John’s moan with his mouth.
One of John’s eyebrows rose. “I was,” he agreed, still studying Sherlock’s face, his own giving nothing away of his inner thoughts. “I was at the hospital all night, on an A&E rotation. Of course I was tired. Anyone would be.”
Sherlock tried to soften his jaw enough to reply, failed, and managed a jerky half-nod. John’s face fell. He moved as if to kiss Sherlock goodbye — or maybe that was simply wishful thinking on Sherlock’s part — then seemed to think better of it. Instead, he paused to grip Sherlock’s shoulder, bestowing a quick, parting squeeze. It might have been reassurance; it could have been a farewell.
John chuckled. “I suppose not,” he allowed, looking around the room. Sherlock stepped aside, watching him warily as he tried to gauge John’s impression of the space. The tension in his shoulders eased when John turned and flashed a reassuring smile. “Very minimalist. I like it.”
Sherlock nodded. “I know.” He steered John toward his flat, digging out keys and tugging him inside without giving John a chance to balk. Releasing John’s arm, Sherlock set to wrestling with his boots, fumbling the laces as his fingers turned clumsy with his own encroaching tiredness. Next to him, John watched for a moment, brow furrowed until he set aside his bag and began to work on his own shoes. Sherlock hid his pleased smile and tugged off his socks. He made it across the room on unsteady legs, balance turning sloppy with his burning need to sleep. He heard John lingering by the door as Sherlock clicked the futon into a bed. The noise it made seemed gunshot-loud in the quiet, early morning hour.
Mycroft had chased him off, but that didn’t have to be permanent. Mycroft might think Sherlock couldn’t function at full capacity with a distraction like John in his life, but Mycroft didn’t have all the facts. He didn’t seem to realize that Sherlock hadn’t functioned at full capacity for countless years now. What did Mycroft know? He might be smarter than Sherlock, but that didn’t mean he was omniscient. Everyone had gaps in their knowledge. Everyone had blindspots. And Mycroft’s seemed to be understanding what his brother really needed.
It wasn’t until his eyes flashed open to find the room darker that he realized what had happened. The sun was gone, leaving the room lit only with the faintest hint of twilight, lingering on the horizon and at the edge of the windowpane.
John rolled his shoulders and shrugged. “No,” he said, reaching his arms up over his head in a casual stretch. The hem of his vest lifted, revealing coarse hair under his navel that disappeared beneath the hem of his pants. Sherlock’s eyes snagged and lingered on the sight, his mouth dry.
“Just shave my face, John,” Sherlock muttered, some of the aggression mysteriously gone from his voice as he closed his eyes.
Sherlock paused in scrubbing his hair. “A job or a case?” he asked, carefully keeping the interest out of his voice.
Usually, this was more than enough to see them through any sexual encounter. And, while Sherlock always thoroughly enjoyed their most intimate of moments, he craved more. Whether it was his own curious nature or something in John’s ability to drive him into a lustful state of intense yearning, Sherlock wanted
“Come study at mine,” he blurted, then frowned, wondering where that had come from. John looked at him with increased confusion, and Sherlock forced a pained smile. “Um. I mean, it’s not that much quieter since I live just below. But…” He shrugged, realizing there was no turning back now he’d made the unexpected offer. “It might be preferable to living within the belly of the beast, as it were.”
Closing his eyes, Sherlock clenched his jaw hard enough that a muscle popped. “I only know one person who would make themselves this much of a nuisance when they’re clearly not wanted.”
“Hello, gorgeous,” the bartender greeted, tilting toward him with a smile that Sherlock imagined was as fake as his own. “Haven’t seen you before. Are you new in town?”
“Ignore it,” Sherlock ordered when John lifted his head to look toward the phone, jittering its way across the desk.
His bare thigh brushed Sherlock’s hip, and John stilled. His breathing was loud, then suddenly silent, as if held. John seemed to be waiting for Sherlock’s response to the unexpected contact. Sherlock just grunted and burrowed deeper into the blanket. Seconds ticked by before the tell-tale
Sherlock nodded. “Quite alright,” he replied, settling on the futon again. Their knees brushed, and John flashed him a smile.
“Seeing as I gave you the case, I beg to differ,” Mycroft said with a sigh. He cast another disparaging glance around the room. “Perhaps you are too distracted to see it through to its end. Maybe I should reassign the case to someone with more experience.”
Retrieving his laptop, Sherlock opened Mycroft’s email from the night before and perused the information on the case until he was confident he had an idea of how to proceed. And, since John hadn’t said he would be by that night, Sherlock couldn’t find a suitable excuse to keep him from following through with his plan.
Sherlock forced himself to nod. “Perfectly,” he replied, glad when his voice emerged sounding far steadier than he felt. “Just going to use the loo.” He turned and ducked into the tiny washroom, closing the door with a tense hand.
“I’m excellent, John,” he said in a strained voice, still with his eyes closed. “Are you nearly finished?”
Sherlock made a beeline for the bar crowd, sidling up to the glass-topped counter with its gold flake-edged corners and impressive array of colourful bottles. The lights flared and flickered, strobing over the group, making everyone appear as if they were alternatively underwater and then set afire by the flashing hues. It was a heady display, drawing Sherlock forward like a moth to the flame.
John seemed too focused in his studying to do more than breathe a loud sigh, and Sherlock tried — and failed — to keep himself from sneaking a glance at him. John didn’t seem to notice, once more tuned into his reading with his lips pursed and brow furrowed.
Shaking his head, still looking somewhat incredulous, John huffed out a skeptical little sigh. “You’re serious,” he repeated, prompting Sherlock to roll onto his side and press himself tantalizingly along the length of John’s body.
John tasted like stale coffee and the distantly sour tang of morning breath. Sherlock was confident that he tasted no better.
Sorry for the delay since the last update! Both Kinktober 2021 and my FTH project have been keeping me busy. Please enjoy this angst.
Sherlock pulled in a deep breath, letting the exhale rush out loudly through his nose. Head ducked, eyes on his hands where they sat folded in his lap, Sherlock shot his brother a glare from beneath his lowered brows. Then, sighing again, he turned to John. “He’s right,” he said in a murmur, his voice sounding strange and distant even to his own ears. “You should go.”
John caught Sherlock’s face between his hands, holding him in place as he studied him closely. “You’re sure?” he said, looking dubious when Sherlock nodded. “No headache? You don’t feel sick? Weak?”
Mycroft unfroze first. “Not at all,” he said in his most diplomatic tone of voice, offering a hand. “My name is Mycroft Holmes.”
“It’s not that simple,” Mycroft said with a sigh. “I only suspect him at the moment, though the evidence is damning. No, he needs to be caught in the act.”
friends. Usually, people left him alone once they realized Sherlock was too much of a pain to bother with. The burden of his attitude far outweighed the benefits — sorely lacking — of his friendship. Anyone who tried to make an attempt at being his friend inevitably left. Sherlock was okay with that and had adjusted to being alone. Alone was fine. It was safer. It was easier.
“Sod off,” Sherlock muttered. He shifted, grabbing the covers and winding them about his narrow shoulders, suddenly cold. Mycroft looked like he might say more, but Sherlock shot him a scathing look until Mycroft’s mouth closed with a snap, and he looked away with a slight frown.
Sherlock, still standing by the window, sighed. His shoulders slumped, the fight running out of him, leaving behind a bitter taste in his mouth and sinking fatigue. “Fine,” he said to the window, his gaze unfocused as it flickered over the people below, hurrying to and fro as they went about their lives. “Fine,” he repeated, uncaring.
John stared at him, taken aback by the bluntness, before he tilted his head back and let out a loud, shocked laugh. “Oh, you’re going to be a handful, aren’t you?”
Feet dragging, Sherlock stumbled over to the futon, pausing only to snag the throw off the floor. Drawing it around himself, he tumbled onto the futon, too tired to bother lying it flat. Instead, he buried his face in the pillow John had slept on earlier to block out the sunlight. Despite lingering concerns about John leaving without so much as a word, Sherlock inhaled the unfamiliar scent of his upstairs neighbour on the pillow and dropped into a deep sleep.
“Beautiful,” John groaned, repeating the motion and making Sherlock mewl. “Delicious. I could devour you.” He stroked deep inside, making Sherlock writhe and gasp before adding a third finger and sending Sherlock shouting into his orgasm. It hit like a tidal wave, rising out of the pleasure and crashing over him in a swirling vortex. It left Sherlock shivering and panting, helpless as John’s fingers stroked that sensitive bundle of nerves inside him, forcing him through ripples of repeating ecstasy. He cried out John’s name in a worshipful litany, clawing at the sheets and trying to keep from being swept away by the force of his climax. Sherlock gladly lost the battle, mind going blank with the experience.
He and John had slept together. And though it had been in the literal sense, not in the carnal euphemism, Sherlock felt just as rattled by the fact than if it had been more than pure sleep. Sherlock didn’t do these things — he didn’t have friends. He never had handsome men hang out at his apartment, and he didn’t fall asleep with said handsome men as if it were a perfectly normal thing to do. It was quite the opposite. Sherlock wondered what John would think. Would he be angry? Would he think that Sherlock arranged for this to happen?
Somehow, it seemed that Sherlock had made a friend. Entirely by accident, purely out of chance, but still — a friend.
He trembled in euphoria as John sucked his cock deep into his throat, tongue wrapping round and round the shaft, stroking in counterpoint to John’s hollow-cheeked pulls. Something moved between Sherlock’s legs, caressing his inner thighs before it pushed into him. With a full-body gasp, Sherlock twitched his hips and rode out the penetration. John’s long tail fucked him into an orgasm that had him shooting into John’s eager mouth with an inarticulate shout.
Sherlock wet his dry lips with a nervous flick of his tongue and breathed out a soft sigh. Reminding himself that starting at people while they slept was generally considered uncouth, he took one last lingering look and stood. He hesitated briefly before retrieving a knitted throw from the back of the futon and draping it over John’s slumbering form. Taking care not to rouse his unexpected guest, Sherlock slipped the book out from beneath John’s head and replaced it with a cushion.
“Sorry,” John said, passing a hand over his face as his mouth stretched open in a huge yawn. “What were you trying to say?” He rubbed his jaw, fingers scraping over a dusting of stubble.
Sherlock’s back arched, his knees nearly giving way as intense pleasure raced through his body. Eyes closed in elated delight, he felt blindly, groping until his hand encountered cold, engorged flesh. Taking John’s cock in hand, Sherlock caressed the soft, fleshy barbs at the base, feeling John’s moan as a vibrating hum against his skin. John’s tongue delved deep, opened him in coaxing little jabs, and it was all Sherlock could do to stay upright. He struggled to distract himself, already feeling like he was skirting the edge, and sank his lips down on the head of John’s immense cock. A shudder raced through the body beneath his, John’s hips bucking in response to the sudden heat around his length. He paused in his ministrations to pant and press his teeth to the base of Sherlock’s spine.
was identifiable from the eager people already lined up outside, waiting to gain entry. Sherlock could hear the rumbling, pulsing beat of dance music as he approached. The melodic noise spilled out onto the street whenever the door swung open to admit another person keen on losing themselves to the barely-controlled chaos inside.
“The human body can go a surprisingly long time without sleep,” Sherlock said, trotting down the stairs with John at his heels. “I proved so in an experiment, once. I managed to stay awake for nearly two weeks before I accidentally drank chamomile tea and promptly passed out on the kitchen floor.”
Breathing through his mouth, Sherlock closed his eyes and moved on, guided by the patterns of those around him. When he found himself a small, open space, he slipped into it without giving in to the urge to flee. Here, the crush made room for Sherlock, made him part of its swirling chaos. The music was something wild, snarling beats thumping beneath pulse-quick electronic sequences. And, for the first time in years, without the fire song of drugs in his system, Sherlock let go. He tipped his head back and opened his eyes, felt his arms lift, his hips move, his body following the music and the sway of the crowd. For the first time in a long spell of lonely self-denial, Sherlock lost himself to something other than the fierce, strict rationality of his sharp mind. He let go, released the tight hold he kept on himself. He gave himself over to the beat and the bodies brushing against his.
“Are you sure?” he asked, shooting Sherlock a bemused look. His face was flushed, eyes darkened by his dilated pupils and evident arousal.
Sherlock stared at the text for the space of a second before making an angry noise and hurling the phone toward the kitchenette. It skated out of sight beneath the refrigerator, its trajectory witnessed by a bemused-looking John.
Something inside Sherlock felt small and withered from disappointment. Trying to shake the impending malaise off, Sherlock stood, scrubbing at his aching eyes. His legs wobbled, unsteady, his back and shoulders aching from the hunched position he’d slept in. He tried to work out the kinks by stretching on his way to the loo, his full bladder momentarily louder than his aching body.
It was nearing dawn when Sherlock stumbled home from a night of dancing, studying the crowd, and relishing this new sensation of burning freedom. His body was tired, his limbs heavy with the unaccustomed exercise. Excitement and pleasure still fizzed through him, far more pleasant than the old song of drugs that had once ruled his sensations. Sherlock clung to the fading remnants of a good night as he meandered down the hall to his door.
Next time? There was going to be a next time? Dinner? Sherlock closed his eyes and resisted the urge to suck in a shaky breath. This close to John, the inhalation would undoubtedly be noted, and Sherlock didn’t want to draw any undue attention to his silent panic — and his confusion. John’s statement made it clear that he expected this arrangement to continue, that he wanted to come back to Sherlock’s flat again in the future. It was baffling.
Sherlock hissed through his teeth inside the shower but chose not to validate the comment with a response. Despite his restraint, he thought he could almost hear the self-satisfaction emanating from his brother.
“Helping you shower and go to the loo when you’re injured isn’t really the same as an intimate relationship,” John interrupted, amused.
— to his place at — Sherlock checked his watch — half-past two in the morning? He must surely be insane, driven mad by the continued lack of sleep and silence.
John cocked an eyebrow. “Incubi don’t compel,” he snapped, eyes flashing. “That’s vampire lore. It’s not the same thing, and I can’t control it when I’m in this state.” Lips pursed, John struggled up onto his knees, straddling the sheets. His flushed cock stood straight up from its nest of coarse hair, the barbs at the base twitching in time with John’s weakened, quickening pulse. “If you can’t handle that one order, then you’re not going to like what happens if we continue.” Arms folded over his chest, wincing at the pain of his injury, John eyed Sherlock with pensive concern. “Maybe this isn’t a good idea. We should do what we usually do. It might be enough.”
“Mhm.” John refocused, his feelings of confusion somewhat settled by the familiar cant of their banter. He hesitated over Sherlock’s throat and decided to start somewhere else. Setting the blade at the top of Sherlock’s cheek, John carefully drew the razor’s edge through the shaving cream. It was much fancier than his own brand, which came in a can and looked more like whipping cream than shaving material. Predictably, Sherlock’s came from a bar, complete with a rounded brush to spread the lather. It smelled like pine and explained some of what John had come to think of as Sherlock’s natural scent.
His gaze dropped to John’s hands, and the paper bag clutched within them. As if picking up on the unasked question, John held it out with a tentative smile.
Recovering from his shock, Sherlock twisted away. Breaking free of Mycroft’s hold, his fingers gone slack with surprise, he stepped back. “No,” Sherlock snapped, furious at his brother for the very suggestion. And after he’d been so proud of himself, of his progress, the absence of craving at the club. “No, I have
Sherlock blinked and started to sit upright, pausing as something shifted against his back. Clueing into the warm weight pressed against him, Sherlock carefully turned his head and saw that it was John. He was half-tilted toward Sherlock, arms crossed over his chest and body angled, his head against the sharp jut of Sherlock’s shoulder blade. His eyes were closed, his face slackened by sleep.
John tilted his head and chuckled. “Well… I mean, we’ve only just had our first kiss. Are you sure you want to rush into things?”
“Your plans tonight,” Mycroft began slowly, favouring him with a long, searching look. “Anything I should know about?”
Brow furrowed, Sherlock stared at the bag as if it might detonate if he touched it. His mind was back in working order, no longer muzzy with sleep, but he still couldn’t make sense of the situation. John was offering him… food? He looked at John quizzically. John’s face flushed a faint pink.
He returned to his task with far more care, gritting his teeth at even the idea of his hand twitching. The rest of the foam disappeared gradually beneath John’s determined hand, revealing more and more of Sherlock’s damp, freshly-shaven face. Sherlock sat mostly still throughout, finally settled, his expression oddly peaceful. If not for the occasional shifting of his legs — crossing and uncrossing at the thigh whenever John paused to wipe the blade clean — he might have been a statue.
John’s mouth popped off his cock, drawing an involuntary whine from Sherlock’s spit-slick lips. “Turn around,” John panted, his voice doubled by that unknown force that made Sherlock all too eager to obey.
“Open up!” he shouted, kicking the wood in a fit of inspiration. “Open up right now! I swear to god, I will break this door down if—”
Sherlock waited, watching John’s pupils dilate in a burst of black. He waited for John to give voice to his need, to put it into words. But the words didn’t come, and Sherlock shivered again, this time with a rising sense of trepidation and excitement. It was a heady mixture, threatening to make his head swim and forcing him to struggle to maintain his focus. If John wasn’t going to say it, then Sherlock would say it for him.
Sherlock finally opened his eyes after letting himself bask in the sensation of the strong, warm body curled around his own. He expected to find himself alone in the waking world, eagerly anticipating an opportunity to snatch a greedy glimpse of John as he looked still asleep.
Taking a deep, calming breath, John braced a hand on the chair back, trying to find the right angle. It was awkward, and he reconsidered. After a moment of hesitation, he shook off his anxiety and cupped Sherlock’s jaw at the hinge. Sherlock’s eyes flew open at the contact, clearly startled, his lips parting around a small gasp. To John’s immense relief, he held still otherwise.
“I’m yours,” Sherlock said at once, vibrating with anticipation. “Everything, anything. I’m yours.” Then, inspired by the battling emotions in John’s face — ravenous hunger and uncertainty — Sherlock reached out and fisted his fingers in John’s short hair. He gave a tug, lifting John’s head off the floor to the ragged sound of John’s snarl. Upper lip curled back, John bared sharp teeth, lengthening before Sherlock’s eyes, cruel and pointed and dark with blood. Leaning down, Sherlock pressed a kiss to those red-stained lips without so much as a hint of revulsion, whispering, “Take what’s yours, John.”
As if unaware of the tension in the room, John strode to the futon, plunking down next to Sherlock. Without so much as a flicker of discomfort, he slung an arm around Sherlock’s waist, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, smooth as you please. John was damp, his flushed skin warmed from the shower. He smelled of himself and the familiar scents of Sherlock’s body wash and shampoo. It took nearly all of Sherlock’s self-control to resist the urge to turn his head, to meet John’s lips in a far less chaste kiss. He briefly wondered if Mycroft’s looming presence would be enough to stop things from progressing beyond that point and decided not to test the already uncertain waters.
Sherlock rushed to comply, not caring now whether John was influencing him or not. His own arousal was growing, his cock iron-hard where it pressed insistently against the front of his trousers, aching for touch. Sherlock checked and double-checked his work, John watching him with keen, possessive eyes, chained on his back with minimal movement allowed on his arms and legs. If he moved too fast, the chains would tighten, pulling him down to the mattress but no further. When they’d first installed the restraints, Sherlock had worried they might hurt John. But he’d since watched John strain against them without harm, the heavy links seeming to weigh no more to John than a nylon leash to a dog.
Another scoff from Sherlock. “It’s not my fault that you’re a rather oblivious person, John. Now,” he said, voice clipped and to the point, “are you going to kiss me again? Or must we continue to talk all this out when I’d much rather show you how I feel?”
Some of the tension in Sherlock’s rigid body — though not all — eased. “Is it?” he asked, his typically cultured voice turned rough. Less smooth velvet, more gravel. John thought he could get used to that change.
John winced and shook his head. “Ah, no, sorry. That would be my flatmate.” The last word nearly disappeared in another massive yawn. “He likes to party,” he added, blinking blearily up at Sherlock, his expression apologetic.
“Sherlock, are you sure you’re up for this?” Mycroft said through the wood between them. Sherlock, pulling on his pants and clean jeans, rolled his eyes. Trust his brother to refuse to take a hint and linger where he wasn’t wanted.
Colour rose in John’s cheeks, his own lips parting as a jagged sigh escaped him. A look of resolve crept into his face, and he shifted forward, his caressing thumb slipping away. With one warm, strong hand cradling Sherlock’s jaw, John tilted Sherlock’s head to the side and brought their mouths together.
Mycroft eyed those as well before shifting his gaze back to Sherlock’s face. He took in Sherlock’s finger-tangled hair and kiss-swollen lips. “I see you can move quite quickly when you are well motivated,” he said in an oily voice, smirking as colour bloomed in Sherlock’s pale cheeks. “If only you would apply such focus to the tasks I set you — I might start to think you possess an actual work ethic.”
“Hardly,” Sherlock said, rising with a snort. He moved to the desk. “I’m testing the effects of a bicarbonate concentration on bare steel corrosion.”
“John, wait—” Sherlock began, cut off by his own strangled inhale and then by John’s tongue as he was breached. He started to tense in anticipation of pain, but something strange and rippling coursed through him, and his muscles went loose and slack. With one shaking hand planted on John’s chest, Sherlock shuddered helplessly as the breaching went on and on, the round, throbbing head of John’s cock entering him as easily as if he had been slicked with lube.
John stared at him, his face barely visible, his outline limned by the pre-dawn light. He didn’t speak for a long moment, studying Sherlock in the gloom. Just as Sherlock began to wonder what he saw, John nodded and settled down into the bed. “Fine.” He turned his head, and they came face to face, forced into intimate proximity by the small futon. “You have glitter in your hair,” John said in a murmur, his breath warm where it wafted, coffee-scented, over Sherlock’s cheek.
“If you say so,” John said, clearly doubtful. But he let the moment slide, drawing in a deep breath. “Look, I just… I know I already said so, but I want to thank you again. You letting me study here — and crash — was a tremendous help. If you ever need a favour, just let me know.”
He came twice more before John’s chest began to heave, the swelling of his already prodigious cock the only warning Sherlock received before John came. He did so in great, pulsing spurts, the burning hot rush of his seed a shocking counterpoint to the chill of his cock. Sherlock rode the wave with a groan, body spasming without pause as John’s orgasm wrung a weak climax from his fatigued body. It seemed to go on and on, John filling him until Sherlock felt cum dribbling back out from his loose hole, dripping around where John impaled him.
Sherlock frowned. John liked his moles? How odd. Usually, such marks were considered unattractive evidence of imperfection. Though Sherlock had grown to ignore their presence, he’d never had anyone point them out in such a way, as if they were something beautiful. Even more unexpected than the comment itself was John reaching out to brush the pad of his thumb over the three moles marking the side of Sherlock’s neck like a constellation of blemishes. The touch stole the breath from Sherlock’s lungs, his next inhale catching in his throat with an audible hitch.
Standing before the mirror, Sherlock frowned at his reflection and recalled his conversation with Mycroft. There had been a moment, as he’d stood right here, in this very spot when their eyes had met in the mirror, and Sherlock had seen his own concern reflected back at him. At the time, he’d meant what he said — that all of that was behind him. Though the memories never really faded, Sherlock hadn’t felt the urge to relapse in years. Even now, with this visceral reminder, he still didn’t feel like there was any real risk. But Sherlock was unsettled. That much he could admit. And he couldn’t quite shake an unpleasant, lingering sense of disquiet.
Instead of unpacking his new dishes as he’d planned, Sherlock grabbed one of his new-to-him books and lost himself in reading about rare herbs. By the time he resurfaced, the day had faded well into the evening, and someone was knocking on the door. Horrified to find he’d lost several hours and still needed to shower and prepare for John’s arrival, Sherlock scrambled to his feet and dove for the door with his heart in his throat.
Mycroft stood in the middle of the flat, hands folded primly on the handle of an umbrella, the tip balanced against the scuffed floorboards. He looked over his shoulder at Sherlock. “I knew you hadn’t purchased any new furniture since the last time I came by,” he said, sounding superior. “Father owes me five pounds.”
Eventually, John sniffed him out. But the man refused to come quietly. He’d pulled a gun, fired and narrowly missed Lestrade as the DI ducked aside with a shout of surprise. That still smoking barrel had then drifted toward Sherlock, pinning him in place with nowhere to go. If not for John tackling the man, taking the bullet meant for Sherlock’s head in his stomach, Sherlock would have left the scene in a body bag.
“I’m not a toddler,” Sherlock grumbled, frowning at John’s incredulous laugh. He didn’t bother to reply, and John hoped that meant he would do as bid.
Scoffing, Sherlock snapped, “If it was that bad, you wouldn’t have trusted me with this case. Let’s not mince words, Mycroft. We both know you giving me this case is your version of throwing me a bone.”
Sherlock’s bartender sighed. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll be right over,” he replied, waving his coworker along and turning to Sherlock with an apologetic grimace. “Sorry, gorgeous. Looks like our time is up.” But before he took his leave, he reached into his back pocket. “I’m going to give you my number,” he said, scrawling something on the back of what looked like an old coaster. “You know — if you ever want some help getting back into the swing of things. Texting is preferred, and don’t be offended if I don’t reply right away.” His smile was wry. “If I’m not here, I’m usually sleeping.” With that, the bartender slipped the coaster across the counter, hovering until Sherlock took the offering. “Hopefully, I’ll hear from you soon,” he said with a meaningful look at the coaster, then turned and began nudging the precarious Josh away from the glass pyramid.
A quiet scoff escaped Sherlock’s full lips. “We’ve lived together for several years, John. You’ve seen me naked a multitude of times—”
Carefully, Sherlock shifted into a less awkward position. John moved with him in his sleep, stretching closer until Sherlock’s back was against the futon, and John’s head was pillowed on his arm. Wary of disturbing him, Sherlock refused to move. Instead, he sat still as a statue, watching as twilight faded into full night. John made the occasional sound in his sleep, quiet snuffles that Sherlock tried to tell himself weren’t horribly endearing.
“Tempted as I am to make my brother wait outside until we’ve finished,” Sherlock said with a put-upon sigh, “I have little confidence he would
Sherlock swallowed with difficulty. He stared at John, his mind caught between the showdown with his brother and the unspent arousal that lingered in his blood from his and John’s earlier, unfinished intimacy. Sherlock was all too aware of John’s presence, which felt larger than life in the tiny, humid room, and of his brother’s loud, overbearing displeasure.
Hiding his obvious relief, Sherlock dropped into his leather chair in a loose sprawl. It faced a small, outdated television balanced precariously on a stack of books and a milk carton. “The space serves my purposes, more or less.” He watched John study the small flat before settling tentatively on the futon, which was currently clicked upright in the sofa position.
“What location?” Sherlock asked, turning away from his brother to wipe a hand over the fog obscuring the mirror.
Sherlock paused, hand still raised. His eyes met his brother’s in the mirror. “You want me to go to a nightclub?” His skin crawled with sudden nerves, memories of the dark, illegal things he’d chased in such places rushing over him.
“Oh — did I wake you?” he asked, prompting Sherlock to glance down at himself and take in his sleep-mussed clothes.
The muscles in Mycroft’s jaw flexed as he glared at his brother. “Have you considered,” he said slowly, his voice forcibly controlled, “that I may have no other option available to me?”
Mycroft took a slow, assessing look around the room. His eyes lingered on the discarded clothing, the unfamiliar jacket hanging next to the door. “And yet,” he drawled, turning to face Sherlock, “it would appear that I was right.”
Sherlock blinked, trying to process the words as his thoughts ran in every direction. One thread of thought was simply his mind screeching to a halt, while another three all seemed to be shouting something along the lines of
Sherlock took advantage of the lull to smear his lips down John’s extended throat, sucking bruises into the skin and tasting the tang of dried blood on John’s neck. He heard the chains clank before John’s hands seized his face and pulled him into a searing kiss. The force of John’s mouth on his stole away his breath, leaving Sherlock panting against John’s lips, his body rocked by each forceful rut of John’s hips.
“No,” he ground out through teeth clenched in a tense face. Blood trickled over his bottom lip, painting a stripe down his neck so dark that it looked nearly black. “Can’t go to the hospital.”
John, trying valiantly to keep Sherlock from slitting his own throat on the razor pressed against the vulnerable expanse of his skin, jerked the blade back. “Christ, Sherlock, stop moving! The sooner you shut up and sit still, the sooner this will be over with.” He shot a baleful glare at the cluttered surface of their kitchen table. “What kind of experiment are you doing with one working hand — non-dominant, might I add — anyway?”
Sherlock sat and drank, his gaze moving absently over the crowd as he mulled over the conversation. Stephan had been oddly friendly, moving beyond simple bartender flirting into something more. And, while he’d made a rather clear innuendo along with offering his phone number, Sherlock felt there had been more there than simple flirting. An inexplicable warmth in the man’s eyes when Sherlock had admitted how long it had been since he’d been ‘on the scene.’ Something sympathetic. And Sherlock hadn’t lied about that — it had been a while since he’d let himself put even a toe back in a world he’d once inhabited with ease. Part of it, he knew, was his fear of the drugs. Often, the two had gone hand in hand for him, and though Sherlock had tried to couch it all as harmless party and play, it hadn’t been so simple. He’d thought he could have both when, in truth, he hadn’t been able to walk the line. There had always been a stronger pull to the drugs for him, one Sherlock had tried to ignore until the substance use outweighed the fun of the scene. Until he realized he was simply trying to escape things.
Sherlock sighed and opened his mouth to reply. But Mycroft beat him to it, his smooth, oily voice making Sherlock’s hackles rise, his lips pursing together in a thin, white line.
He found himself on the edge of the dance floor and hesitated for only a second before letting the crowd pull him in. It was like wading out to sea, his forward momentum encouraged by the movement of the bodies around him. So used to the careful space he usually kept between himself and others, Sherlock was momentarily overwhelmed by the sensations. The haze of mixed scents — cologne, bodies, smoke, alcohol — and press of limbs made his teeth click together as his jaw clenched.
He was like a tidal wave, sweeping Sherlock away, flooding his brain and body with a humming need that swelled and grew with each second that passed. With each clever dart of John’s tongue, every slide of their kiss-swollen lips together, Sherlock slowly lost his mind. It was a perfect release, a relieving of his senses that he didn’t bother trying to fight. When John rolled his hips again, more firmly this time, Sherlock arched his back to meet John’s body with his own. It sent him into a paroxysm of delight, eyelids slamming shut at the tell-tale evidence of John’s arousal against his inner thigh. Even through two layers of pants, his own and John’s, there was no denying John’s interest.
It took nearly an hour for him to reach the front of the line. By then, the persistent mist hanging in the air had soaked through Sherlock’s black shirt. It clung to him like a second skin, the thin fabric damp and unpleasant, though it earned him an appreciative look from the doorman and a prompt wave inside. The moment Sherlock stepped through the door, he understood — and remembered — why. It only took a quick glance around the club’s interior for him to recall that
Mycroft looked down his nose at his younger sibling and quirked an eyebrow. “You look… lively,” he commented in his usual slick tone, brushing him aside without waiting for Sherlock to invite him into the flat.
John was different. He hadn’t seemed to mind Sherlock’s awkwardness. John hadn’t cared when Sherlock said odd things or when he didn’t react to things the way most people would.
“You’re one to talk,” Sherlock snapped, bristling before he managed to forcefully calm himself. Mycroft was baiting him and reacting only encouraged his behaviour. Affecting a blank expression, Sherlock crossed his legs primly at the knee and offered a tight-lipped smile. “Why are you here, Mycroft?” he asked through a locked jaw. “It can’t be merely to interrupt my personal life.”
“Well,” Mycroft said, looking at the closed door with hooded eyes, “that was a bit pathetic, wasn’t it?” He looked back at Sherlock, his face taking on a sympathetic expression. Like they were on the same side... like they thought the same things. “Ordinary people really do display so many useless and unhelpful emotions, don’t they?” He shook his head, smoothing an invisible wrinkle from the front of his flawless suit jacket. “If you ask me, you’re better off without him.”
“Good,” Sherlock said, tightening his grip on the phone, “because I wasn’t planning to.” He tossed the still-ringing mobile back onto the desk with a scowl. He slipped his hands back under John’s vest, squeezing hot skin and warm muscle.
Looping an arm around John’s neck, Sherlock slid a hand beneath the thin fabric of John’s vest. He let his fingers play over the sleek muscle rippling under John’s sweat-dampened skin. The low sound John made in response, something bordering on a groaning growl, made Sherlock shiver. Their bodies came together a little harder, a little faster, heat building between them with each rolling frot. It was perfect, and Sherlock let his head fall back as John’s mouth moved lower, exploring his neck with open-mouthed kisses.
Untangling himself from his half-removed shirt at once, Sherlock hurried to comply. There was an immense urge for him to obey the order, his movements clumsy as he rushed. He’d finished fastening the shackles to John’s ankles before he realized what he was doing and stopped to glare at the man half-chained to the bed. “Don’t compel me,” Sherlock said angrily.
Eyes opening to half-mast, Sherlock saw that John was staring at him — at his mouth — with an expression of confusion as if he was battling with himself. Sherlock’s mouth went dry, making him struggle to swallow twice before he could speak, managing a hoarse croak of
“Great, it’s a date,” John replied with a cheeky wink that made Sherlock’s mind grind to a complete and stuttering halt. “And you can keep the leftovers,” John went on as if he hadn’t just said something shocking. “Goodnight, Sherlock.” With that, John was gone, the door snapping closed behind him, leaving Sherlock gawking in the middle of his flat.
Sherlock nodded and settled against the wall to wait. He watched John duck inside, the music volume increasing before the door swung shut again. Arms folded over his chest, Sherlock stared at his feet, his mind whirling.
Gradually, lulled by the rhythm of John’s soft breathing, Sherlock followed John into the arms of sleep.
“I bruise like a peach,” Sherlock noted in a choked voice, raising his head to look at John, his words half-slurred by pleasure. He felt John smile against his skin.
“Relax,” he said, waiting for Sherlock to stop clenching his jaw and facial muscles. It took a moment before everything slowly eased. However, Sherlock’s lower body remained steel-tense, and John could still feel those minute tremours beneath his hand. But Sherlock didn’t speak, keeping his eyes shut, so John didn’t comment on it.
Wondering how he could have forgotten his unexpected house guest for even a few seconds, Sherlock twisted around in his chair and encountered an empty futon. He frowned at it, staring for a long moment as he noted the textbooks were also gone. Clearly, John had left while Sherlock slept. He must have been in a hurry. Maybe he had somewhere to be? That made more sense than John running away from him… Right?
Sherlock had been absolutely horrid ever since he’d broken nearly every bone in his dominant hand in a brawl with a murder suspect. The man had slammed his foot down on Sherlock’s hand when Sherlock slipped on the rain-wet street during their tussle. Recovery had been a slow and painful process as the splinted hand turned alarming shades of black and blue while the bones and tendons healed. John couldn’t honestly blame Sherlock for his mood, but that didn’t make him easier to deal with. He struggled with even the most basic tasks, leaving John to support him in mundane functions. It had begun to wear on them both — Sherlock far more than John as he took repeated blows to his independence — bringing out Sherlock’s nastier side.
Sherlock swallowed, his mouth suddenly very dry. “Quite alright,” he replied, trying for casual and missing it by several hundred miles as his voice cracked like a teenager going through puberty. Worse, he felt his cheeks flush in response, and Sherlock resisted the urge to hide in the bathroom in his own flat.
Moving slowly, he climbed onto the bed, straddling John’s thighs and hovering over him with a flicker of uncertainty.
John still looked bemused. “I… really?” he asked, peering up at Sherlock warily. “I mean — you don’t even know me.”
When it finally stopped, Sherlock expected John to collapse, just as he usually did when Sherlock worked him to completion in their typical coupling. But he was proven wrong as John’s cock twitched, keeping him open and stretched, no sign of it softening after that awe-inspiring orgasm. As John began to move within him again, slower this time, with long, deep strokes, Sherlock melted against his chest. He felt wrung out and undone, eyes half-open as he lay on top of John, his body moved by each thrust. There was a silver kind of rapture to their lovemaking this time, the room nearly silent save for the slick sound of their coupling, the soft rasps of Sherlock’s panting breath, and the rough cadence of growls vibrating deep in John’s chest.
He was still reeling with it when Sherlock cracked open one eye and squinted at him. “Something wrong?”
John’s thumb, warm and almost reverent, drew fire over his skin, making him shiver at the light contact.
The two brothers waited without speaking, their gazes locked in a silent stare down. Eventually, the shower shut off in the washroom. Sherlock flinched, and the tension lines bracketing Mycroft’s grim mouth deepened. They looked at one another, still without speaking, unexpressed words hanging in the heavy silence between them.
“The Diogenes rule of silence exists for a reason, Sherlock,” Mycroft snapped, then breathed out a loud exhale as he visibly worked to get himself back under control. “But that’s all in the past and hardly relevant to this case. As luck would have it, this particular staff member frequents a location I believe you will fit into without issue.”
Sherlock grimaced. “Something like that.” Actually, he’d tripped while carrying the box during his move into the building. The incident had shattered the entirety of his dishware across the floor, and Sherlock had, thus far, neglected — for five months — to purchase replacements. But that seemed far too embarrassing to admit to, so Sherlock let John think he’d sacrificed them to some strange experiment instead.
When John’s lips brushed his ear, and he whispered, “Remove the restraints,” Sherlock didn’t bother to second guess the order. He simply obeyed, distantly startled that his body could respond at all. As with before, it wasn’t until Sherlock was working on the last cuff, clipped around John’s left ankle, that he realized what had occurred. John had once more used his powers to command Sherlock, and he, worn out from their coupling, had seen no option but to obey.
, and it had been a very long time since Sherlock found someone attractive. Since he’d… well, anything, really. It had been a long time since he’d so much as exchanged a fleeting look with an attractive man, never mind words and an invitation back to his flat. And, while that wasn’t the premise behind this unexpected time spent together, Sherlock found himself wondering. Wondering if John might like men or if he might possibly find tall, awkward, overly-smart twenty-somethings, who were a bit on the thin side, attractive.
“Sherlock,” John murmured, forcing himself to think through the fog of arousal quickly obscuring his thoughts. “Sherlock, wait.”
“I suppose,” Sherlock replied, eyeing the cluttered surface of his desk and the utter lack of any other useable surface.
“Oh, fuck, Sherlock,” he panted out, sounding wrecked. “Don’t stop.” His hands trembled, sliding into Sherlock’s crease to press his cheeks further apart. “Let me hear you,” John ordered, burying his face between Sherlock’s cheeks and attacking his hole with tongue and lips.
A shiver wracked Sherlock’s lithe frame, goosebumps rising on his skin at John’s rough tone, the need in his strained voice. Planting his hands on the floor, he bent until their faces were level. This close, Sherlock could smell the bitter, metallic tang of John’s blood, could feel the seep of that blackish ichor in the fabric stretched over his knees as John bled out. Holding John’s glassy gaze without blinking, Sherlock asked, “Tell me what to do.”
Finally, John cleared his throat and looked at Sherlock with raised eyebrows. “That’s your brother, huh?”
“God has nothing to do with it,” Sherlock muttered, squeezing again before tugging, trying to coax John back into his shameless rutting from earlier. John seemed more than willing to follow the unspoken demand, his hips thrusting forward again, his thighs flexing powerfully around Sherlock’s leg.
John returned the favour, disregarding the order. “Has anyone ever told you that you’re a bloody rude git?”
“Wouldn’t have it any other way,” John said with a grin, then bent his head to meet Sherlock’s upturned mouth.
They stood like that for some time, side by side, sharing the meal from the containers, making small conversation between mouthfuls. To Sherlock, it felt oddly… comforting. He’d never really shared a meal like this before, never with someone who wasn’t a family member. It was nice, the two of them simply existing in this shared space with no expectations or judgments — just the click of plastic cutlery against takeaway boxes and the common sounds of eating.
Leaning over the counter, he caught the attention of one of the three bartenders. Their eyes met above the heavy, square bottle the man lifted in one hand as he executed a dramatic pour of dark, amber liquid over a line of shot glasses. Leaving a line of women to down their shots, the bartender swaggered over. Sherlock, fixing a charming smile on his face and maintaining his casual slouch against the glass top of the bar, watched him approach.
Staring out the window, feeling the cold glass against his skin, Sherlock thought he could. Which meant he had some apologizing to do because that balance required John. Of that, Sherlock was certain. But first, he needed to talk this out with someone. Someone removed, who didn’t know Sherlock, who didn’t hold his complex history against him.
Something about that gaze froze John in place, the moment stretching out until he broke free with a quiet, awkward cough. Ducking his head to clean the blade again, John bought himself time, fussing with the flannel until he looked up again and saw that Sherlock’s eyes were closed once more. A relieved sigh escaped him before he could bite it back, and John was glad to see Sherlock didn’t react or comment on the sound.
“Do I really have to do this with a straight razor?” John asked for the fifth time, already knowing Sherlock’s answer before it was bit out through bared teeth.
John’s thrusts drove him into the bed, making the reinforced frame bang and creak with each rocking press forward. Sherlock, like a man caught out at sea with naught but a plank to keep him afloat, clung to John with desperate fingers. He felt like a supernova, pure force and energy exploding outward as John plundered him, sucking away life-force even as he replaced it with something else. Produced some purely sexual ebb and flow that wrapped Sherlock in a haze of rapture.
“We’re not discussing anything,” Sherlock said, the angry words clipped out between his teeth. He saw his brother about to protest and stalked forward. His hand darted out, fingernails catching on expensive fabric as he grabbed Mycroft’s shoulder and spun him toward the door.
Standing before a futon with sheets that undoubtedly still smelled like John, Sherlock snarled at his brother, “Get out, Mycroft.” He sounded feral, his voice raw-rough, his teeth clicking together in a grimace.
With his self-confidence reaffirmed, Sherlock took a moment to splash cold water on his face. He allowed himself several deep breaths, held until the ebbing panic faded. Then, pausing only to dry his damp face, he left the bathroom.
“I only need a moment of your time, dear brother,” he said, that same smug tone leaching into his voice.
The kissing was just as hot and heavy as before, John devouring him with lips and teeth and tongue, his hands roving over Sherlock’s body. His palms swept down Sherlock’s flushed chest, thumbs flicking the sensitive, hardened nubs of Sherlock’s nipples and making him gasp into John’s mouth. The phone quieted, the room silent but for the noise of their mouths and bodies, the ragged moans and groans that escaped their throats.
Sherlock snorted, amused but too tired to translate the emotion into words. He felt John’s body heat seeping toward him as John inched closer, searching for a comfortable place on the old futon.
Freed from all his restraints but one, which John dispatched of quickly — tossing the heavy chains aside as if they weighed no more than a feather — John was an impressive sight. His wings, fully grown, erupted from his back. Their dark, envy-green expanse cast a wicked shadow over Sherlock’s sprawled form. The long, forked tail whipped around John’s side, curling around Sherlock’s left leg as John fell onto all fours and stalked forward with his head ducked, four-inch horns curving up and back from his forehead. John advanced with his onyx-dark eyes and crooked smile, prowling over Sherlock’s suddenly unresponsive body to perch on Sherlock’s spread thighs.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock repeated, closing his eyes. He didn’t bother to check if John did the same but heard his sigh and felt John’s body settle next to his. Their legs brushed, Sherlock’s bent knee touching John’s thigh, coarse with hair and living-body warm. Tethered by that soothing contact, Sherlock drifted into the sleep his body so ached for.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He didn’t have anything to say, his tongue gone clumsy and silent in his mouth. What John said was true, and there was no point in arguing with the truth. Sherlock knew that, knew it right down to his bones. He had no moral leg to stand on here, and the only explanation he could offer seemed to be lodged in his throat. It was impossible to free it, to open his mouth and tell John he’d been struck by a need too strong to ignore. That he’d taken one look at John, swaying and exhausted on his feet, and found himself driven to distraction. Consumed by a need to have John near him, to care for him. Struck by an undeniable urge that had prompted Sherlock to press a man into his flat, then into his bed, promising much-needed rest and intimate proximity.
“Even a stopped clock is right twice a day,” Sherlock said, mimicking his brother’s lofty drawl. He settled himself in a loose sprawl on the edge of the futon, dropping a casual hand on the mussed sheets that told their own blatant story.
He snorted even as he desperately clawed for some semblance of self-control, trying to bring his emotions to heel as they ran rampant. He realized he was shaking, a fact that only served to deepen his anger.
“Disposable razors are a farce,” Sherlock said, muscles flexing under his damp skin as his jaw clenched. “I require a closer shave, which is only possible with a straight razor.”
“Hey, man, we need you,” he said, gesturing at their third, who was frowning over a precarious pyramid of stacked martini glasses. “Josh is more likely to knock that whole mess over than manage a single shot. You’re the only one who ever gets it right.”
Sherlock was silent as the grave throughout. The only sounds in the kitchen were his loud breathing and the slick, rasping scrape of the blade as it scored stubble from skin. The moment held a strange intimacy, like the two of them existed in a bubble, removed from the world with only each other for contact.
“Oh, what now…” Sherlock muttered, leaning out of the flat to see what his brother was looking at. His mouth went dry. It was John, paused in the hallway beside the door as if he’d only just walked up. He had an armful of texts again, and his eyes slid from Sherlock to Mycroft and back.
Sherlock did, his body responding at once. He was distantly aware of John climaxing as well, of John’s cry of triumph, and of his own voice raised in weaker counterpoint. But it was all far-away, Sherlock’s body twitching and sputtering through several dry orgasms, consecutive and no less potent for the lack of tangible release. It was like being destroyed, Sherlock thought through the mess of his shattered mind. Like being torn asunder and reborn all at once.
“You won’t hurt me,” John said as if reading Sherlock’s thoughts. His hands twitched at his sides, the chains clanking against the headboard.
Lucky for Sherlock, he thought he knew someone who fit the bill. And it would serve to kill two birds with one stone.
Sherlock’s blood burned with arousal, his cock twitching uncomfortably in his pants, constricted and ignored.
He stared for a moment more, his sleep-blurred mind trying to make sense of this sudden and unfamiliar limb’s presence. It took far longer than he cared to admit for Sherlock to understand that he had not, in fact, sprouted a new arm in the night and to realize that someone was pressed up against his back. The warm rush of breath over his nape was his first clue, and the solid length of another's body along his spine was the second.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m sure,” he muttered and closed the door harder than necessary. It seemed Mycroft would not be leaving anytime soon. Which meant this really wasn’t a check-up. No — his brother wanted something.
“I do indeed,” Mycroft said, refusing to take the bait. “My time is, as you know, limited and quite precious. I can’t afford to just drop by for something so mundane as a
Sherlock shot a venomous look at him over his shoulder. “Unluckily for you, I haven’t a moment to spare.” Turning with an armful of fresh clothes, Sherlock nudged his brother aside and turned to the bathroom. “I have a previously planned engagement that I must prepare for.” To his frustration, Mycroft followed him into the bathroom. Clearly, Sherlock should have known better than to expect even basic privacy from his overbearing sibling.
“Well, thanks,” John said uncertainly. His eyes slipped away toward the door. “Er… I suppose I should be going. I have somewhere I have to be in half an hour.” Despite that statement, John looked surprisingly reluctant to leave, and Sherlock studied him as John dawdled.
“You used to behave just like this when you were high.” Mycroft’s voice was steady, though his eyes were grim. “Tell me the truth, Sherlock — did you relapse?”
“John,” he croaked in a voice as jagged as broken glass. His head was tilted back far enough that it nearly rested on the table behind him, the science equipment scattered over the surface seemingly forgotten for the moment.
“Why indeed,” Mycroft murmured, his expression turned pensive. He looked a tad regretful, and Sherlock wondered if his brother was wishing he had never approached him with this case.
“Ah,” Sherlock said intelligently, raking clumsy fingers through his tousled hair. “It’s fine.” He frowned. “Did you forget something?”
John looked essentially human despite his mixed heritage, save for the small, easily missed bumps at his hairline and the sharp, rough nubs on his shoulder blades. When he was in proper form, with the hunger of his incubus father in his veins, those slight protrusions expanded into regal, leathery wings of a dark, envy-green, and horns. Sometimes, there was a tail, long and forked, pointed at the tip but soft to the touch. Sherlock was something of a fan of said tail, and its appearance was always a treat.
“I see that,” Sherlock hummed, thoughtful, then coming to a decision. Clinging to the lingering sense of brazen self-acceptance that had fallen over him at the club, Sherlock snagged John’s elbow and steered him down the hall. He moved without letting himself think it over, pushing past a hint of uncertainty. John spared a half-hearted glance at the staircase to the second floor as they passed it by.
Still standing next to the futon, Sherlock gazed down at John, bemused by the situation he found himself in. Contrary to his actions, he wondered if he shouldn’t wake John. Wouldn’t John prefer to sleep in his own bed? At some point, the music had stopped upstairs, the change unnoticed by Sherlock as he’d wandered through his uncertain thoughts. The flat was blessedly quiet, save for the distant, muffled noise of slow, late-night traffic outside.
Sherlock’s second orgasm slammed into him with the force of a bullet, and, for a moment, he wondered if he’d been the one who was shot after all. But there was the wound in John’s abdomen, grisly though it no longer poured blood. It merely oozed now, the skin around the impact point turning a healing pink that felt soft and tender under Sherlock’s wandering hands. Still, it was healing slowly, and he stared at the injury as the aftershocks of his climax rippled through him, trying to think past the haze of chemicals scattering his thoughts.
Teeth bared in a sharp, ferocious grin, John replied, “Good. That’s good.” He claimed Sherlock’s mouth again, kissing him until they were both shaking and trembling, aching for more.
Twitching his hips impatiently against John's thighs, Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I feel no more tired than if I’d just finished a case. Better, in fact.” With a devilish grin, he broke free of John’s hands and pounced, pinning him against the pillows. After taking care to kiss John until he was pliant and melting into the sheets, Sherlock leaned back and fixed him with a stern look. “You are not nearly as scary as you think, John Watson.”
A sense of tranquillity settled over the room. The light shining through the windows, softened by evening, warmed the flat with a golden hue, making everything feel almost dreamlike. It was near blissful as Sherlock looked up from the laptop, watching the setting sun through the haze of his lowered lashes. He felt a pleasant sleepiness, comfortably ensconced with John in this shared space. The music upstairs had faded into the background, tuned out by his lulled brain, and Sherlock felt encased within an invisible bubble.
“Sure,” John said uncertainly, eyes lingering on the expensive watch chain dangling from the pocket of Mycroft’s even more expensive suit. “Um, it was nice to meet you?”
“Yeah, yeah,” John sighed, just as he had the four times before. “I know. Well, if you want me to do this, then you need to bloody well sit fucking still so I don’t cut your throat. Not even you would enjoy that murder.”
“But—” Sherlock began, worried things weren’t going as he’d hoped, that John wouldn’t take him and absorb his needed life energy. But John bared his teeth again, cutting Sherlock’s protests off.
Time seemed to stand still. Sherlock managed a half-second of thought for the sheer impossibility of that ever happening. Then his eyes fluttered closed, and the thumb on his skin became a hand cradling the side of his neck, cupping the sharp curve of his jaw. He heard the cadence of John’s unexpectedly shallow breathing, felt the rush of his own heartbeat, the excited organ battering about within his chest. There was another pause in time, in the universe, then the slowest sweep of contact as John’s thumb traced the bowed curve of Sherlock’s lower lip.
Sherlock followed close behind, closing the door and watching John stand awkwardly in the middle of the room with the takeaway held out in his hands like some kind of sacrificial offering. When Sherlock only stood there and looked at him, John’s eyes took on a quizzical light.
Just wanted to address some concerns people expressed over the last chapter - there will be no Sherlock/OMC relationship in this fic. I promise it will be 100% Johnlock all the way, baby.
The man’s frown deepened and, instead of answering, he stepped out into the hall, waving Sherlock back to make room. They moved a little down the hallway, the music slightly muffled once the door had swung shut behind the stranger.
Sitting up, Sherlock startled as a throw blanket slipped off his shoulders and slithered to the floor. Frowning down at it, he slowly recalled the night before.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but his stomach chose that moment to let out a loud growl, and he closed it again, heat burning in his cheeks.
“I suppose that’s a fair answer,” John said, clearly bemused. Rubbing his palms against his thighs, he asked, “Um, you’re sure this is alright?”
“No,” Sherlock replied, shoving his brother against the door until Mycroft fumbled for the handle. “I said get out, and I meant it.” When Mycroft still remained, seemingly unable to work a simple doorknob, Sherlock hissed, “Get out now.”
“That suits me just fine,” John said as he pulled the lids off the takeaway boxes. Steam curled upward from the uncovered dishes, filling the flat with the tantalizing smells of spices and chillies. Drawn forward by the mouth-watering scents, Sherlock drifted into the kitchenette, his unattended hunger momentarily defeating his uncertainty.
Rinsing the suds from his body, Sherlock shut off the water. He stuck out an arm, groped for his towel, and clenched his teeth when Mycroft handed him one with a perfectly blank expression. Ignoring the provocation, Sherlock towelled dry behind the curtain and wrapped the offering around his waist before emerging. The bathroom air was thick with steam, and Sherlock smirked when he saw how the humidity had curled the ends of Mycroft’s hair. Sherlock did not doubt that those little imperfections would ruffle his brother’s feathers for a few hours until the curls fell flat.
“That,” Sherlock said as he began searching the floor for his jeans, “is the understatement of a lifetime.”
Jaw clenched, Sherlock stepped back as his brother swept into the flat. “You couldn’t possibly know that I wasn’t alone,” he accused in reference to the last text message, glaring daggers at his brother’s back.
“Glad to hear it.” Another soft chuckle from John, bitten off into a groan as Sherlock slid his hand lower and gripped John’s arse. “Oh,
Once he’d answered the call of nature, Sherlock washed his hands and face and padded back out of the washroom. He stood in the middle of his tiny flat, squinting against the sunlight. His eyelids were heavy, his gaze unfocused despite the bright light. Clearly, he needed far more sleep than the uncertain hours he’d managed bent over the desk.
Leaving the window, he dug into his pocket, fingertips brushing the slip of paper within, tucked there last night for safe-keeping. Sherlock hesitated before drawing the note out, smoothing the creased corners fretfully with his fingers. Before he could doubt himself, he plugged the number into his mobile — after retrieving it from beneath the fridge — and opened a text window.
Sherlock gaped for a silent, stunned second before he sucked in a bemused breath, the shock setting his heart to racing. Listening to it thundering away in his chest, his blood rushing like the rapids of a deadly river in his ears, Sherlock stared at John’s face. Inches from his own, John’s features were softened by sleep, the rising sun casting gold throughout his short, dishwater-blonde hair. He looked like a man cut from gilded metal, and Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat at the poetic direction of his thoughts, so unlike his usual rationality.
John still appeared unconvinced, eyes flickering over Sherlock’s lithe body as Sherlock settled back on the sheets. “Are you sure?” His gaze darted to Sherlock’s thighs, marked by faint bruises. “I hurt you.” He sounded contrite and guilty.
John, still sitting on the futon, turned to look over his shoulder at the sound of the bathroom door opening. “You sure everything is alright?” He wore a look of concern on his face that Sherlock was startled to see appeared to be genuine.
Sherlock glanced at the clock. It was a little past two. Mycroft’s lackey would likely be by before five, if not earlier. That gave him more than enough time to shower, dress, and agonize over the impending conversation. Sucking in a fortifying breath, he texted back.
“Good,” John said, and he sucked harder. Sherlock, losing the rest of his words, slammed his head back against the pillows with a gasp.
He scrambled around until they were face to face, groaning when John caught him by the nape and pulled him into a breath-stealing kiss. He could taste himself, and that made him wriggle with anticipation for what was to come. As their tongues slid together, the forked tip of John’s painted lustful patterns over and over against the roof of Sherlock’s mouth. Their bodies writhed and bucked into one another until Sherlock’s knees slipped open, and he straddled John’s waist. With a twitch of his hips, a half-circular shift, John angled himself until the weeping head of his cold cock caressed the spit-loosened muscle of Sherlock’s entrance.
Startled by the joke, Sherlock stared at him. John looked back, seeming amused. Gradually, Sherlock relaxed enough to breathe out a soft chuckle. “Both,” he said, some of his tension easing as the uncertainty of the moment shifted into something kinder. “He’s a pompous blowhard and has been since I was born.”
Sherlock swallowed, frowning down at his hands, where they clutched the edge of the desk like a lifeline. His knuckles had gone white with the force of that desperate grip.
“Deadly,” Sherlock agreed, rolling onto his stomach. The sheets felt luscious against his sweat-salty skin, and he allowed himself to wriggle into them with a hedonistic sense of luxury. “In fact, I’m already wondering how I can get you to agree to make this a monthly occurrence.” Sherlock stretched again, smug when John’s eyes tracked the muscles rippling along his spine. “If not weekly.”
In all their three years of partnership — and one year of something more — Sherlock and John had experienced a rather strange relationship, something which never bothered Sherlock. After all, certain concessions must be made when one’s romantic partner was not entirely human. And John wasn’t. The proper term for his state of being was
Mycroft arched an eyebrow, the only outwardly visible sign of his surprise. “Sherlock,” he began slowly, his tone soothing, “we still need to discuss the case.”
Still half-draped over the edge of the counter, Sherlock scanned the club with a carefully idle eye. More people had arrived during their brief conversation, and the dance floor was no longer so sparse. Sherlock watched two young men twist together to the music, one dark-haired and tall, the other shorter and blonde. Something about them made his mouth feel dry, and his heart leapt, thudding heavily in his chest as Sherlock cleared his throat and turned to the bartender.
“Not what I said,” John said with an indulgent smile. Trust Sherlock to approach something like feelings with utter rationality, even as the apparent sign of his arousal pressed against the backs of John’s thighs. “I just never knew until now that you felt this way. It’s… well, it’s a bit of a surprise.”
John just laughed. “Can’t live with them, can’t live without them — or so the parents like to tell me. Ah, well, on to better things.”
“Are you responsible for that incessant racket?” Sherlock demanded, jabbing an accusing finger at the door.
Sherlock clenched his jaw, forcing the wash of sensory memory back. Once more pasting a blank look on his face, he watched John move out of the bathroom, his pace slowing as he approached the futon. He hesitated, glancing sideways at Sherlock. His hands fidgeted with his belt, fumbling the metal into the loop.
The door swung open, cutting him off mid-rant and forcing Sherlock to stumble back a few steps to avoid being struck. Music poured out of the flat, an assault on his senses as Sherlock struggled to regain his balance as he took in the man who had answered his angry summons.
“Quite sure,” he called, buttoning his shirt and raking product through his damp curls with quick fingers. When he emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of steam, Mycroft stood just outside the door, looking unhappy. “Why are you still here? I said I would be fine.”
Sherlock woke slowly. The room was cast in shadow from the drawn curtains, making it impossible to tell the time. He thought about looking to the alarm clock set next to the bed, but even the idea of lifting his head sounded exhausting. Instead, Sherlock lay still and took stock of himself.
Sherlock hesitated, then turned and paced toward John. He still felt buoyed, body heavy but soul light, and the contradiction leant a bounce to his step. “I am,” he confirmed, eyeing John’s exhausted manner. “Late night?”
“I’m fine,” he said, unable to help but smile when John’s features creased into a doubtful frown. “None the worse for wear. In fact,” Sherlock stretched, arms raised over his head, back lifting, toes pointed into the mattress, “I feel
“I am not on drugs!” Sherlock cried, nearly shouting in his anger and frustration. “Not everything can be explained by my past substance use, Mycroft. You barged in here, reprimanded me in my own flat, chased off John, and you expect me to, what? Act
Downing the rest of his drink, Sherlock pushed the thoughts aside. Now wasn’t the time to dwell on past indiscretions. He’d beaten the drugs. Being here tonight, even with all his doubts and uncertainties of the past few days, Sherlock was pleased to realize that he didn’t feel the urge to score. He had no desire to seek out oblivion tonight. His mind was clear, his hands steady, his vision unclouded despite the slight buzz of alcohol in his veins. Stephan had made him a light drink, a surprise in a place that seemed to encourage debauchery. Sherlock found himself appreciating the restraint and wondered at the new connection he’d made. Maybe Stephan was exactly what he appeared to be — a little older, wiser, willing to offer a friendly hand to someone trying to regain his identity.
Then — “Someone will be by with a drug test before end of day.” Mycroft spoke in a soft voice, quiet but hard as steel beneath. “I expect you to refrain from making their task any more difficult than it needs to be.” It wasn’t a question, but he seemed to anticipate an answer regardless.
Forehead pressed to John’s shoulder, Sherlock brushed a kiss over the wings he could feel already growing under the blood-soaked fabric of John’s shirt. “You need my life force,” he said, his voice barely louder than a whisper. A fissure of anticipation raced through him, and Sherlock struggled to keep his excitement to himself. No doubt, John could feel it, attuned to emotion as he was, his senses only heightened as he went through the change. “You won’t survive this without it.” Eyes closed, Sherlock breathed deeply, inhaling John’s musky scent at his nape. “Am I right?” he whispered into John’s sweat-damp hair.
He quickly lost the battle when John whispered something archaic and slipped two fingers into Sherlock’s tongue-stretched hole. He did it without warning or further preparation, and Sherlock had no time to clench or tense up before he realized he already felt loose and softened. Of course — Incubi had their own tricks and magic when it came to sex. Something to be categorized and studied in the future, but Sherlock pushed his burning curiousity aside for the moment. Instead, he arched his spine, pressing back to take John’s fingers deeper. He was rewarded when John’s seeking touch found his prostate, sending electric shocks of pleasure through his body.
“Okay — back to work.” Opening the heavy book, John paused and looked at Sherlock again. “Thanks, by the way. I really do owe you one.” His smile turned crooked. “I’ll make sure to bring dinner again next time.” With that, he bent to his reading, leaving Sherlock to spiral silently in his head.
Sighing, Sherlock dug in the small closet next to the bathroom, trying his best to ignore his brother’s presence when Mycroft sidled up behind him.
had pulled out all the stops. The air vibrated with music pitched just loud enough to make all but close-talking impossible. Coloured lights strobed over Sherlock’s pale skin and wet shirt as he made his way toward the bar. The dance floor wasn’t yet filled, but a few die-hards were already trying to lose themselves to the rolling beat of electronic dance music. Several brave, eager souls danced alone, and a few couples — and two trios — twisted together in sinuous rhythm. Far more bodies occupied the small tables and couches scattered throughout the club or thronged around the bar.
“Don’t look at me like that,” he said, reaching out to smooth a tangled curl back from Sherlock’s forehead. “Everything is fine.”
Hands planted on his hips, Sherlock stood in the middle of the tiny space, glaring at the spotless floors and streak-free windows. He felt personally offended by his actions, disgusted with this driving — and failed — attempt to clear his mind. A glance out of the spotless windows told him that it was nearing evening, the day long since faded. Still feeling out of sorts and unfamiliar to himself, Sherlock decided to chase the unpleasant feeling with far more unpleasant memories.
Forcing himself to refocus as well, Sherlock navigated to his email. He saw that Mycroft had wasted no time in sending him the information for the case, and he opened the message with an eye roll. How very typical of his Type-A brother.
He must have heard Sherlock leave the bathroom, for he paused, catching hold of the doorframe and leaning back into the flat.
John nodded. “Yeah. That, and I’m studying for my licensing exam.” He looked hopeless. “Not sure I’ll manage to stay awake long enough to even write my name, at this rate.” The hopelessness slipped into something that looked very close to defeat.
It took nearly an hour for Sherlock to shake off the arresting drag of his jumbled thoughts. He spent the time curled up in his leather chair, hands pressed together beneath his chin, knees drawn up to his chest. In this tight, tense posture, Sherlock came to the conclusion that John must be insane. It was the only explanation for why he would continuously seek out Sherlock’s presence. Why he would so brazenly flirt with Sherlock, even once he came to know him as the quiet, awkward young man that Sherlock was. Sure, people often flirted with Sherlock. He assumed it was his height, maybe the cheekbones or his full, Cupid Bow lips. Minor signs of classical beauty, though Sherlock thought his face too long and angular to truly be considered attractive. Yes, people flirted with him, were attracted to him. But that so rarely lasted beyond him opening his mouth. Sometimes, if he kept quiet and was in the mood, there was a bit more than flirting. But not much lasted past that point, once minds were no longer focused on getting off, on release and satisfaction.
Shaking himself mentally, Sherlock swallowed and sat up straighter. “I will solve the case,” he said quietly, his expression grave. “I won’t fail, Mycroft.”
The reverberation of a loud and sudden bump overhead made Sherlock slam his palms against the desk. Delicate glassware rattled and clinked in warning, ignored as Sherlock shoved his chair back and surged to his feet. This had gone on far too long. Enough was enough — he couldn’t
There was a flurry of movement, John’s hands and mouth moving over him until Sherlock could hardly tell up from down or his feet from his head. There was nothing but pure sensation, bruising kisses and nipping teeth. A strange, swirling paralysis held him in place as John devoured him in every way but literally. At one point, Sherlock found himself half lifted from the mattress, his knees bent and hooked over John’s shoulders as John ravaged his cock-stretched hole with tongue and lips. It was an assault of pure bliss, John sucking and licking and teasing what felt like Sherlock’s very soul out of his abused entrance. He felt the long, slick slide of John’s tongue as it lapped the cooling spend from Sherlock’s body, leaving him helpless to do no more than groan and writhe with pleasure.
