Jack looks up at his dad and tugs on his hand, “We’re not ‘giving up’, we’re just looking somewhere else, right?” he asks, sounding far too mature for a six-year-old.
“You need to take that up with the big man himself, and it ain’t happening on company time.”
“It’s okay Claire. It’s okay. I’m here, I love you so much. We’re going to be ok. I got you.”
“That’s the plan, beautiful. Now, grab the lube.”
Claire is combing the hair back off of Castiel’s forehead as she worriedly looks down at him. She glances at her dad, clutching his hand as she whispers, “He seems so much weaker now, Dad.”
They drop her off at the hospital and wait for the next call. They have three more calls before dinner break, none of which are too serious, a kid with a broken arm, an elderly man with breathing trouble and an OD. The overdose was the worst of the three, it was a teen girl who had taken her mother's pills and luckily was still awake when they arrived.
“Fuck!” stammers Dean, as he feels his husband's cock slide into him.
The man taps his hand and Dean looks up, embarrassed. He must have been talking and Dean missed it.  Dean sees a smile on the man’s face, and he smiles in return.
empty bed and screams at them, “No! What are you doing? You can’t! That’s my papa’s bed! PAPA!?”
Gabe smiles a wicked smile, “I always do.”
Dean pulls Cas’s bedroom door shut and waits in the living room for his uber to arrive. He sets an alarm on his phone for midnight.
Castiel is humming a random tuneless song as he entered his house, only to stop short when he sees that the living room light is on. He isn’t alone, a prickling feeling of dread crawls up his neck. Cautiously, he walks further into the room.
Dean raises his hands in surrender, feeling a little confused at Castiel’s reaction and takes a further step back into his doorway.
“But that smile and the wink are more than just being nice. It’s flirting.” Cas nearly growls at Dean.
The night starts with Castiel working the tables serving drinks. Tonight’s costume is cowboy boots and cut-off jeans (so short he had issues hiding his junk) At least the jean shorts aren’t as hot and confining as the rubber ones. His favorite night is Beach Night, the girls ware bikinis, and the guys ware board shorts, it feels more relaxed and comfortable serving in board shorts than with jean shorts riding up your ass. But, whatever. He wears what he’s told and plays to whatever the theme is in hopes of getting the bigger tips.
Castiel takes an unsteady breath, “Please, Ishim. Please, let me come?”
The big job they need to get out the door today is their third bike for Jay Leno. The man is an insatiable collector.
With her heart in her mouth, she takes off at a sprint, chasing after him and yelling loudly, “Dad? Dad!?” It’s too noisy inside and the man doesn’t hear her.
“You shot me!” the man exclaims looking at Castiel with shock written all over his face.
“I don’t know, irritable?”
Cas looks shyly away, adjusting to eat his breakfast without looking back at Dean, “Um, I thought you looked familiar but I wasn’t sure if you remembered me. It was you with me in the car, wasn’t it?”
Dean takes a deep breath and lets out a heavy sigh. He picks up his phone as it pings with another new message.
The cake and ice cream were devoured, a few gifts were given and opened.
“Oh, you didn’t
Her gaze lifts and numbly, she watches the other children. Orphans, probably. How many people have been lost? How many mothers, fathers, and children? Why had this happened? Why had no one warned them? Who was to blame?
“Yes, you did fine Cassie.”
“He’s going to pull through this, Claire-bear. I have faith in him.” Dean tells her, not sure if he is trying to convince his daughter or himself.
They walk out of the house together, with Castiel making doubly sure to lock up behind him before walking down the driveway to the man’s car. He wonders what the hell he is doing, why is he helping this man who’d tried to rob him, why had he cleaned up his wound for him… Why on earth was he about to get into the man’s car and drive him home? The entire evening had left him feeling slightly fuzzy and confused. From the fear of someone being in his house to the adrenaline rush of shooting someone (even if it had been by accident) had made him feel off-balance and a little unsure of himself.
“Can you help me fill out this form with his information?” The woman asks, surprising them both with her British accent. Claire nods and does her best to help. She shows the nurse where her papa is injured and gives her the name of the resort where they were staying, as well as their home information. The woman talking to Claire has a black marker and asks her to hold out her arm.
Ishim is coming up the stairs when Castiel is folding down the bedding, Castiel lays down on the bed and waits. Ishim is finishing what must be another beer when he steps into the bedroom. He undresses and crosses the room. Standing over the bed it looks down at Castiel’s naked body.
“Would you like some water?” Cas asks.
“Love you too, Sammy. Bye.”
They all play a few retrieve and return games with the dogs, to keep ingraining the training as well as allowing them some fun time with lots of praise and treats.
Dean usually storms off in a huff until he can calm down and see that Castiel was right in wanting - needing - him safe in whatever the circumstance happened to be.
Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, freezing as he touches the scar on the side of Cas’s head. He pauses for a moment, gently turning Castiel’s head to the side to part his hair and look at the scar. Guilt threatens to flood his system at the sight of it, but Cas catches his eyes and shakes his head. He leans forward, kissing Dean’s cheek tenderly, “I’m sorry” whispers Dean as Castiel pulls back again.
“Well, most of the backyard has a fence, back there past the trees” Dean points along the edge of the yard,  “- against the neighbor’s yards. But, we may need to close the gaps along the front part of the yard. She could wander right out the driveway.”
Together, they get the rest of the boxes into Benny’s truck, and after a quick hug, Benny leaves. That’s it; Benny is all moved out. He’s really gone. Dean shuts the front door and looks around the living room. Benny didn’t take any furniture, but the place still feels empty. He looks in Benny’s room, and except for the striped bed and the chest of drawers, the room really is empty.
Castiel nods, “Yes, Ishim.”
“You look like you just got asked to the prom by the cutest boy in school.” Benny teases.
As they step out of the tiny closet, Cas takes a moment to look back at the little space dreamily and smile up at Dean. Dean grins back at him, understanding.
“I know! And look!” says Gabriel excitedly, “To the untrained eye, they’re indistinguishable. The only clue is that yours has not been signed. Like I’ve said before, you could sell these for quite the price.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you get his number?” she asks after a beat of Dean just staring off into nothingness.
Once close enough, Mick catches Dean’s eye, “Are you ready for class?” he asks. Dean smiles and nods. Mick knows how much Dean likes his classes since he is there with him for all of them. Mick gets Dean’s attention as they’re entering the large room, “You’re so weird, no one likes math this much.” He grins when Dean laughs and shoves his shoulder.
“You’re right,” Cas’s frown fades into a small smile, “that’s probably a good idea.”
“I am surprised, Ishim.” Cas, still standing holding his gym and messenger bags and a bag of take-out, answers quite dumbfounded, attempting to assess Ishim's mood. He looks at the sack in his hand and motions to the kitchen, “I’m just going to set this stuff down.”
and he wants ice cream and sodas.” Dean got right up in Gabe’s space, “You gonna fight me on this, Gabe?”
“Cas” Dean whispers. His hands fisting the hem of Castiel’s t-shirt, knuckles pressing against his warm skin. Cas nods and Dean pulls his shirt over his head, tossing it to the floor with his own shirt. Dean meets Cas’s mouth as soon as the t-shirt is out of the way. He pulls Cas by the hips, walking backward until his legs find the bed. Dean lays back on the bed, bringing Cas down on top of him. They kiss hot and heavy, hands searching and touching the exposed skin.
Cas eases his cock inside Dean’s well-prepared hole, kissing away any more complaints from the man. From Dean’s reaction, he definitely didn’t mind Cas taking his time and being careful.
“Okay, then.” Dean smiles at him, ignoring the way his stomach had clenched when Castiel had revealed he’d already been looking at places, with Sam.
Castiel blinked, had he been sleeping? He looked up at his daughter, her face was pale but she looked relieved to see his eyes open. He realized with a jolt of guilt that she had been checking he was still breathing. He straightened up, trying to show that he was feeling a little stronger now.
Castiel crawls off the bed, standing on shaky legs, his cock hard and dark and painful between his legs.
“Okay, explain exactly what happened, you have me confused.”
“It won’t be long before you don’t think kissing is so gross, Sammy,” Cas states, his eyes fixed on Dean’s, leaning in for another quick kiss. Sammy makes a gagging sound from the kitchen.
“Who do you belong to?”
“If he goes back to the bar, I’ll get a closer look. How’s that?” Dean asks Charlie.
All of a sudden, Castiel was on the floor, his cheek hurt and he had a coppery taste in his mouth. Feeling dazed he looked down at the floor, his hand was in the middle of the shattered glass. He saw blood oozing out from under his left hand. He lifted his hand to find a shard of glass sticking out of his palm. Just about the time, he pulled it out, he felt a sudden pain in his ribs. Castiel fell sideways against the cabinet, he could hear Ishim yelling at him.
“Dean, would you,
Cas heads to the kitchen to grab them both a glass of water. When he returns to his bedroom, Dean has on his underwear and was gathering his clothes. Cas feels a pull of - something - in his chest seeing Dean ready to take off right after they have sex.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hours pass, with the pair both too tired and battered to do anything other than hold on and float along with the tree. The water eventually slows and the mud begins to sink to the ground, leaving slightly clearer water on the surface. Castiel feels a little bit of relief, surely that must mean it’s over, that there isn’t going to be any more waves? The water should start to recede soon.
Cas stood and stared at his phone, grinning like an idiot. God, why can’t he control himself when it comes to Dean? He does a good job, he thinks, of keeping these embarrassing feelings to himself when Dean is in the same room. It was all so easy, so natural to just be himself around Dean as he got to know him. But then he did, get to know him and then he got to like him - and then he watched Dean defend him against Ishim. He saw how sweet Dean was to Jess and how much he helped him and.. and...Shit, he’s acting like a teenage girl with a crush. Wait. A crush? Does he have a crush on Dean? Surely not, of course, it's a feeling of gratitude for all that the man has done for him. That has to be it. He’s in no place for a new romance.
Claire gags, suddenly turning away again to throw up. She heaves painfully and brings up her sorrow on the ground beside her.
“Well then, temporarily you’ll have to go straight.” Cas grins, and the man grins back.  “Look, it’s late, and I’m tired.”
Cas stretches his arms out and sighs as he wraps them back around Dean’s waist, “It’s amazing how much room there suddenly seems to be in this little closet, now.”
The pups tire of the two men when they stop petting them and trot off to the edges of the surround; lapping at the water or curling up on the blankets. Dean and Cas watch the puppies, Dean leans against Cas and places his hand on his thigh, and Cas wraps an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean walks along the pathway, ready and a little excited about his next class. He loves college. The lectures can be a bit dull, but he enjoys the technicals. His engineering courses have kept his attention better than anything else, and he has always been good with numbers. He also enjoys the freedom that being a college student at a large school allows him. After growing up in a small town where everyone knows everyone, it’s nice to be just another face in the crowd and nothing special.
“That was my dinner.”
Castiel curls circles against Dean’s throat with his tongue in a way that he knows from experience drives Dean crazy. He nips gently at Dean’s ear lobe, drawing another low groan from the man beneath him, “Love you,” he whispers against Dean’s ear as his hand slips beneath the waistband of Dean’s underwear.
“Hey Cas, how'd’ you get so grown-up all of a sudden? You’re leaving poor Sammy in your dust.” Dean pointed at Sam, all arms and legs at fifteen, “He may be all tall, but damn Cas, you’re really filling out and getting taller. You’re almost as tall as me now.”
“No, no. Please, just stay there. Knowing you’re safe right now, is helping a great deal already.” Castiel smiles at his daughter, “I’ll rest for a moment and then try again.”
Over the next few years on Earth, Castiel becomes a friend to Dean and his brother Sam. Castiel cares a great deal for the man he saved. This bond causes an unusual emotion, and Castiel must take time away to calculate his feelings which are so new to him.
He remembers waking up to a phone call in the early hours of the morning, many years ago...
Cas moans at the touch, “Geez, Baby. It’s … it's like having a kid watching or something.”
“You, Ishim, only you.”
and would come across more as flirting, and Cas wasn’t sure he was ready for flirting with Dean, no matter how tempting it might be.
“Careful, son,” Dean warns as he sits up when Jack reaches him he pulls him into a tight hug, ignoring how bad it hurts his ribs. He lets out a shaky breath and looks into Jack’s face, “Love you, kiddo.”
Castiel opens his eyes narrowly to meet Dean’s intense gaze, he smiles sadly and murmurs, “I love you.”
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean grumbles and climbs out of the pool, stomping over to a lounge chair and sits heavily, slumping into a pout, arms crossed over his chest and staring off in the distance - not looking at Cas. Dean is a pro at pouting.
Was his luck about to run out?
Cas looks down at his hands, feeling a confusing mix of guilt and irritation, “Okay,” he replies softly.
“Go Castiel. It is time. You must rescue the Righteous Man.”
“Ok, then. No need to be nasty,” Dean types, wanting to roll his eyes but he holds off so as not to piss the guy off.
Cas reaches across the table and takes Dean’s hand. “I wouldn’t mind sharing more breakfasts with you, Dean.”
“Hey! Hey, none of that… Yes, you can and we’ll go home. I’ll take care of you Cas like I promised. I will always take care of you! I’ll do whatever it takes, okay?” Dean scrubs his free hand over the back of his neck, “Cas… they have to… You hurt your leg, do you remember that? Well, they need to operate on you again, to fix it. But we’re all going to be right here when you wake up.”
Claire sighs and sits herself down on a sturdy looking branch, watching her papa helplessly.
“Normal human reaction.” Cas teases. They separate breathlessly and  Dean walks slowly away to hide, his and Castiel’s hands stretching out to hold on to each other for the longest possible time, before dropping to their sides as Dean steps further away. Castiel pushes himself back against the wall into the shadows to wait as instructed.
“Come right back, baby girl.” He whispers brokenly, “Come right back.”
“Same, maybe better?”
“Babe?” he gasps out shakily, “Hey, can you hear me?”
“Did you see anyone?” asks the man hopefully. Dean shakes his head slightly, wincing as his head throbs at the movement. The man deflated, nodding his understanding. He looks back up at Dean and notices the blood on him, he steps forward to get a better look at Dean’s injury, “What happened?”
Brady leaves with a grunt and Dean finally rolls his eyes. He knew that wasn’t going to work as soon as he saw that jacket. Jocks and frat boys are always giving him grief. Their hazing is the only thing he doesn’t like about college.
Castiel smirks, grabbing Dean’s face hungrily and firmly in his hands before kissing him solidly once more. It’s a desperate kiss, hard, and needy… and incredibly hot. His cock is throbbing in his jeans as he lets his hands drop and begins working the buttons on Dean’s shirt free, needing to feel Dean’s skin against his own body.
“Well, first off, by being there for you. I want to be there for you whenever you need or want me.” Dean gives Cas a small smile which fades quickly. “I know I wasn’t there for you like I should have been in the past. Another thing is my flirting. Cas, I’m so sorry for being such an ass and flirting with people right in front of you. That was inexcusable. I had the best thing in the whole world and I risked losing it to be able to flash a wink at some random waitresses? How stupid am I? There’s no reason for me to flirt with anyone else when I have you in my life.
“Well, look at you!” Dean says with a smile when Cas comes back out to the waiting room.
“Yeah…” Dean blinked dumbly at the back door, then shook his head and got to work on the Impala.  Once he finished the tune up on his own car, he changed the oil in Gabe’s. By the time they were finished with Gabe’s car, it was lunchtime. So, Dean and Gabe went inside to check on their brothers and fix some lunch.
Dean looks up, meeting Castiel’s smile with his own matching grin. “It really is, but you know what makes it even more perfect…”
“PAPA!?” Claire cries out, looking around frantically. Her eyes dart from one weary person to another. So many patients and no sign of her papa. She completely forgets the water and orange that she had dropped. Turning back to the bed her papa had been in only a handful of minutes ago, she can tell with increasing panic… the sheets had been changed.
“Fine. Go home, if you want to be an ass about it.” Dean crosses his arms over his chest and leans away from Cas.
His fight with Castiel on Saturday is still fresh on his mind and still stings. Cas had cried, and Dean held him. But, they never settled things. Cas was still admittedly against Dean joining the Army. Dean grumpily standing his ground.
“Dammit! I left the burner on!” Cas runs back to the kitchen.
Dean reaches out, his trembling fingertips landing gently on the back of Castiel’s hand. His skin is cold and he doesn’t seem to register Dean being there at all. Tears swell and fall from Dean’s eyes as he lowers himself into the chair by his husband's bed. He takes hold of Castiel’s hand and grips it lightly.
“Stay here a moment. I’ll go to the coat check and get your bag of clothes.”
Dean rolls his eyes and sticks the keychain under his arm, inside his t-shirt, “Think that’s smelly enough for her?” he jokes.
Dean waits a few moments, spending the time his new favorite way, kissing Cas, he almost gets too lost in it. The feel of the other man pressed against him, the feeling of his lips against Deans, the soft moan that Castiel lets out when Dean presses his teeth lightly against his lower lip before releasing it.
“Dad?” she mutters quietly to herself, not sure she believes what her eyes are seeing, but the man is moving away and the fear of him vanishing from view jolts her into action. She shouts out, loud and desperate, “DAD!?”
“He got my number from Benny and texted me. Asked me to come back inside. But I couldn't. I, um, told him I’d text him today.”
“Well, I was reading in bed, but I heard and noise and came to see who it was... it was dark, but there he was. Tall, green eyes, slim, quite good looking,” Cas catches Gabe staring at him like he has two heads and hurries on before he can say anything, “In a mean, brutal way, a terrible person of course. Arrogant, ruthless, no sense of guilt or shame, or …” Cas drifts off.
X X X
“I will.”
“CLAIRE!” He shouts moving through the rushing water, trying to get nearer to his daughter, to grab out to anything that might help him reach her, “Claire! Let me hear your voice, sweetheart!”
Getting up unsteadily to her feet, she moves away from the woman, the images of those poor people who had lost their lives still burning behind her eyes. Instead of finding somewhere to rest, she heads directly for the lobby. She doesn’t want to dwell on the photographs in the folder she’d been shown, she doesn’t want to think about the fact that her papa could easily have been on the next page. She needs something else to think about, something to do, so she heads for the lists of names determined to check each and every one of them.
Claire nods, and asks fearfully, “Are you alright?”
Dean recognized the logo on the hard hat as the power company and whistles.
“Well, Benny mentioned you askin’ after the boy. That’s all.” Bobby grunts when Dean balks at the subject of Castiel.
As for Cas, he tried to hide his attraction to his best friend’s older brother. But Sam knew and told him to go for it, that Dean was a good guy. And of course, Gabe had found out. Cas was so afraid that his brother would really go nuts teasing him, and probably tell Dean, when he learned of Cas’s crush. But, it had been a couple of years now and Gabe hadn’t said anything to Dean, granted, he did tease the hell out of Cas about it.
. He holds her to his chest, his tired arms fighting to keep her close as he continues shielding her as much as possible with his own body. Miraculously, he makes it back to the surface with his daughter in tow. They are still being swept along by the force of the water, clinging to one another with fearful expressions.
The man looks at the paper and agrees with a grin. Castiel goes back to the front porch and sits on the step to watch the man on the pole work. It’s amazing to watch the man practically hanging up there with so high with what seems to be very little safety gear, although Castiel assumes the gear he put on must be enough. He sits there for a while, until he feels the tiredness in his bones, finally going back inside to get more sleep.
gotta go, I
“I’m a high society burglar, I’m not used to people shooting at me,” grouses the thief.
She smacks his bicep. “I’m less than a year younger than you,
Jack is quick to open his first gift: it’s a selection of coloring books. He thanks his sister with a quick hug and moves on to his next gift. Meanwhile, Claire has torn open the wrapping on her first gift.
Dean sees the playful twinkle in Castiel’s eyes and understands his words for what they are. A promise of more. He smiles and asks, “Yeah?”
Cas watches Dean and Sam’s interaction and worries silently about Dean hitting Sam. How hard was that hit, it didn’t look too hard but does Dean think hitting is okay?
“So, Castiel. Do I need to tell my friends to wait for me?”
After lunch, they all go in for an afternoon rest. Casey obediently lays on her bed in the corner of the room. Dean and Cas cuddle on the bed. Cas attempts to restart where they were interrupted earlier, but Dean is more tired than he wants to admit and he falls asleep.
X X X
She only has one question. “Well?!”
Benny and Dean were both just tipsy enough to fall apart, laughing at her antics. By the time they reach Crowley’s Cave, Dean is in tears from laughing so hard.
“Can you two be nice?” Sam asked as he entered the kitchen towing Cas along with him.
“Claire!” Dean cries out, stumbling slightly as he runs toward his children.
“A job, sure. But, Dean, the Army? Really?”
“I don’t usually, not on the first acquaintance, but you’ve been such a good sport and  now that you mention it...” Mr. Winchester steps forward and places a warm hand on the back of Cas’s neck, which sends a shiver through his body, as he is gently pulled in for a soft, perfectly dreamy kiss. Castiel can’t help himself, and his eyes slip shut. The feeling of the other man’s lips on his own becomes so mesmerizing that it chases away all rational thought and when, finally, Mr. Winchester pulls away, it leaves Castiel’s lips feeling tingly, and he can do nothing but stare, helplessly, into the other man’s eyes, utterly speechless.
“You’re gonna like her. Everyone likes Jess.” Sam beams, pride for his girlfriend evident in his voice.
“I love you, too. Dean, I’ll see you very soon, okay? You’ll be home again with Cas and Claire and Jack. You will!”
Castiel grunts against Dean’s throat, “Me too, Dean.”
But Castiel does not stir. Dean lowers his gaze to the floor, shaking his head, his next words come out a little stronger and almost as a prayer.
“Hi, Sam,” Cas greets him carefully as he takes his seat, “How is Jess? I hope she is feeling better?.”
Castiel tells Dean to wait in the dressing room while he cashes out for the night. Shortly after, Castiel grabs his duffle bag, and they head out the employee’s exit.
“I’m so sorry to bother you at work, Dean. I just … It freaked me out and I didn’t know what to do.” Castiel says as he wipes his face with a tissue.
“I can’t believe that you leave for basic training so soon!” Cas flails his arms and stomps around Dean’s bedroom.
Dean stares at his food like it might do tricks on his plate, he swallows around the lump in his throat. “Um, no.”
“Oh that’s right, I didn’t even think about the time difference. Hey, How ‘bout we go to facetime and I show you our home away from home?” Dean offers.
“I may be deaf, but I’m not a moron,” Dean types and shows Brady.
“You can do better than that. Beg me, baby. Let me know how much you really want to come.”
Dean sits in his car, sweating in the heat because he hasn’t started the car, nor has he rolled down the window. Things weren’t supposed to happen this way. He was going to meet with Castiel, and they were going to talk. Like adults. Clear the air. Make things right.
That would give Dean plenty of time to finish his few errands and still have time to get his shit together before meeting Castiel.
“So, did’ja? Catch up and shit?”
“Hey, just a moment.” calls the thief - Mr. Winchester - stopping Cas just before he ducks into the cab, “Like an idiot, I wasn’t wearing any gloves at your house, do you mind wiping off the painting’s frame where I touched it when you get home?”
Claire turns to her papa, wiping away the tears on her face, “There are injured people resting along the side of the road. Some are,” she shakes her head, clearly distressed and Castiel squeezes her hand again to offer comfort, “kneeling beside bodies. Crying, they look so sad. There are so many bodies, Papa, wrapped in plastic sheets.” Claire keeps talking to her papa, her voice trembling as she tells him what she is seeing as they ride along.
“I know you can get around in the house, but there are steps and no walls to lean on outside.” Dean counters as he closes the front door behind him.
“Sammy, It’s not my fault Cas blushes every time I talk to him.” Dean smirked, “Sure is cute though.”
The other dogs each have turns at finding objects, and there are a bit more instructions for the whole class. Dean and Casey enjoy quiet time together as they watch the rest of the class. Petting Casey has quickly become one of Dean’s favorite pastimes.
Castiel arrives to work early on Friday so he can talk to the sound guy about the music change for his feature dance. He wants to do something a little different tonight. Something that might really get the attention of a certain hot lineman. His feature tonight is at ten o’clock, just about the perfect time for great tips. Patrons are on their way to being good and drunk but not so wasted that they were all hands and no tips. He has a few dances to do with some of the others before his spotlight, plus working the tables when he isn’t on stage. He hopes Dean got there in time and at least stays to see him on stage - alone.
“Dean, should I get a fence?” Cas asks as they watch the dog sniff the perimeter of the back yard, along the tree line and against the big house. “Casey is getting big, and if we had a fence, she could spend time out in the yard without one of us supervising.”
“Sure, I’ll be glad to help any way I can.” Sam clears the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher. Then he helps Cas back to the living room.
Dean is busy taking pictures of his family as they open their gifts. He can’t help but smile and feel incredibly lucky as he watches his little family enjoy Christmas morning.
“Papa,” Claire’s face suddenly comes into view, she smiles down at him, it’s the most beautiful thing Cas has seen since he opened his eyes, with heartbreaking relief in her voice she says, “You’re awake.”
Taking Jack’s hand, he nods to Claire and she leads the way to Castiel’s room.
Castiel sits up and hugs Jack back, tickling his sides, “First things first,” he says smiling, “we will need a good breakfast if we plan to spend time on the beach, won’t we?”
As all hell breaks loose outside the closet, with the guards all running around and shouting, Dean and Cas stay quietly hidden and huddled close together, they listen to all the people scurrying about on the other side of the door. They can hear people running up and down the stairs above them and men talking just outside the closet door. Finally, the head guard shuts off the alarm and resets it. All the guards file back into the guard's room and go about their normal duties, clearly deciding that the alarm had malfunctioned.
“Yeah?” Cas asks; a small smile graces his lips and a glint sparkles in his eyes.
“Ishim?”
‘To make you feel better.’ he’d tell her. He is too young to die, too innocent to be lost, she loves him too much to be able to accept that he is just - gone.
In the background, Cas hears an announcement on Dean’s end of the phone.
Taking his other bags off his shoulder, Castiel lays his messenger on the table and the gym bag on the floor. He turns to check on Ishim and realizes that he is now standing right behind him.
Dean stands frozen, face pale, hands shaking slightly and eyes fixed on where Castiel is standing across the room. Of course, he knew Castiel was going to be here... It being his plan to attempt to speak to his ex and take some small step in the direction of amends...
The hairs on her arms prickle as a chill sweeps through her. She shivers, trembling slightly as she stares at the empty bed. The whole time, from the wave hitting until now, she’d been afraid but now, a terror settled in her gut that made her want to run away screaming from the nightmare that had somehow become her life.
When she finally gets tired of being on her feet, she makes her way back to the children’s tent to look for a place to rest. She finds herself a blanket and a quiet place and to lie down, trying not to think about how she is all alone. She doesn’t realize that she has fallen asleep until a hand gently shakes her awake. She opens her eyes expecting to see her papa waking her up and is saddened when it is the younger lady volunteer instead.
“Sure,” he says, “there isn’t much left.”
“You fucking slut. You come when I tell you to come. Do you understand?” Ishim growls.
With a frustrated nod, Claire reaches her hand out to open the folder, freezing when the volunteers hand quickly, yet gently lands on hers, stopping her. She looks up at the other woman with questioning eyes.
“Hello, Gabe. I think I may have a clue. Were you at the auction today?”
“You read my mind,” croons Dean, as he leans forward and tenderly captures Castiel’s lips with his own, “I love you. So much.”
All too soon, the song is over, and Cain’s dance is finished. Charlie and Benny both throw money on the stage while Dean is still awe struck.
“Hey Cas,” Dean greets him when he walks away from the dealer back to Dean’s car, “How ‘bout we take a break and go get something to eat.”
Castiel lifts his drink to his lips and smirks behind his glass, “That was amusing.”
“You hungry?” Cas asks, and that gets the attention of Dean and Casey, both of them perk up and look over at Cas, “Yeah, thought so. You go feed Casey, and I’ll order something.” Cas knows that much of the time Dean’s attitude is tied closely to his stomach, a hungry Dean is a grumpy Dean. That’s why on any outing they have, Cas packs snack bars and water; he also makes sure Dean has some bars in his own backpack.
“Now go finish your homework and get ready for tomorrow, Brat.”
But then his son shifts against him and whispers, “Dad? I’m scared. What if we never find them?”
“Cas!?” He sniffs, his body shuddering as it tries to take in a breath. His chest is tight as he cries, tears flowing freely down his face, “Cas! Claire! Please?”
Cas raises up, his jeans falling to his knees and he pulls on Dean’s jeans. Dean raises off the bed enough to help get his pants down. Cas takes Dean’s jeans off and kicks off his own before leaning down and mouthing his way up Dean’s inner thighs. Dean’s breathing speeds up, and he fists the blanket under him. Cas is busy kissing, licking, and nipping his way up Dean’s chest, across his collarbone and finally worked his way to Dean’s waiting - panting - mouth.
“Yes,” Claire answers, trying not to cry.
Castiel’s jaw drops for a moment, before he shakes his head, “My, my. You are doing well, aren’t you?”
Castiel had never felt so grateful and he attacked his daughter’s face with desperate kisses, stroking his hand over her head and checking she has no injuries hidden beneath her hair, “You’re ok, you’re ok. I found you. Papa loves you so, so much!”
When he finally arrives back at the rooftop, he speaks to the man who had been watching over Jack while he was gone.
“Holy shit” “Jesus” Benny and Charlie bark in unison. Dean just sits back and smiles.
“I’ve been working doubles for the past two months to save up enough to replace this POS. Don’t give me that look of disgust.” Castiel laughs and shoves Dean toward the passenger side. Dean snickers and gets into the car, immediately telling Castiel about his own car and begins to wax poetic about her beauty.
“Have you been wasting money on eating out the whole time I’ve been away?” Ishim takes a step closer and grabs Castiel’s wrist, jerking it down from his face.
Cas pulls up to the hotel drop off and looks over with wide eyes at the thief sitting next to him in a stolen car that he just drove across town. Feeling somewhat ridiculous and not thinking clearly, he asks, “Now, how do I get home?”
Castiel smiles a small smile at his daughter and nods, shakily reaching out to take her hand, he hisses when the movement pulls at his chest.
“Hey, Cas, Sam just text. He says that Jess is doing fine and he asked about you.” Dean tells Cas.
See end notes for chapter warning
Cas fights back his own tears as he watches Dean beg for his forgiveness. Neither of them has even touched their food, yet. He listens to Dean as he apologizes and kisses his hand over and over again. He can tell that Dean is sincere in his apology, Dean is not one to cry for no reason. Pulling his hand back, Cas gets up and moves over to Dean’s side of the booth, putting his arm around Dean’s shoulders. He dips his head to get Dean’s attention, waiting for him to look into his eyes.
Meanwhile, Cas is working on mock-ups for the art design for the new bike, as well as keeping up with the other paint jobs that are in the shop. He has to remind Dean to take breaks throughout the day, or the man will work straight through lunch. Cas knows that Dean becomes obsessed with whatever task he’s working on at any time. Sometimes it takes unorthodox methods to get his husband to put down his tools and stop long enough to eat.
“Don’t go too far and make sure you hurry back.” The man says patting his son on the arm as he climbs over him.
Cas looked up into his eyes, “Are - Are you nervous?”
Jack fidgets and holds himself as he tries to keep from wetting his pants and whines, “I
“I’m usually not up this time of the day. I normally work until about three am Friday’s - well Saturday morning - and come home and crash for most of the day on Saturday.”
“Can I help you?” Dean shows the man again. He gets annoyed with people who think less of him because he can’t hear as if it makes him less of a person.
“What do you mean Gabe wouldn’t let you have ice cream? It’s your big day. You should get whatever you want today.” Dean said sweetly.
When Dean finally succumbs to the notion that he loves Cas in return, there is no stopping him. Dean Winchester is definitely an all or nothing person. From the moment he looks into Cas’s eyes and sees the real depth of love that the man has for him, Dean Winchester is a goner. Stupid in love like never before in his life. He never lets a day begin or end without letting Cas know that he is loved, Dean actually uses the words.
“I am being nice!” They both answered simultaneously, clueing in the younger boys that they’re really not.
“Those are new,” he states, “I never let Ishim bind me, I swear. I suppose he had plans for if I came back.” Cas says, a twinge of fear and anger crawling up his spine. He shivers at the thought, “Fuck him, I can’t believe I stayed as long as I did, what the hell was I thinking? He’s never going to get to touch me ever again.”
“Hello Castiel, it’s so good to see you. I’ve been rehearsing what I want to say to you and now that I’m here it all seems so… right, so perfect.” From behind his back, he brings a bottle of champagne and then hands a bewildered Castiel a small velvet box. Cas frowns slightly as he opens it, his eyes widening as they fall on the gold banded ring inside.
“I was calling the police when I saw what he was stealing. The Seignac. MY Seignac! I didn’t know what to do. I thought that if he were arrested, I’d be in trouble for an attempted forgery or something.”
“Gabe, Gabe, no, I don’t, Gabe…” Cas whispered his pleas as he was shoved into a closet and the door was partially closed.
“I can read lips, too.” Dean replies in sign.
“I’d have done this in the car and you know it,” smirks Dean, swiping his tongue up Castiel’s skin again. And just to prove his point, he presses himself up against Castiel’s back, rolling his hips up slightly so that the other man can feel how badly he wants him.
Castiel nods, thinking. The man is unarmed, he’d put the painting down, and he’d said he would leave. Castiel was freaked out, but he had to reason to himself that he had more to fear and worry about from a police investigation than the unarmed, would-be thief.
"You're not even listening to me, are you!?" demands Castiel, as he notices Dean's closed eyes.
“Yeah,” Cas says slowly, Dean is staring into his eyes now and it does nothing to cool his flaming red face.
“That would be great. Maybe tomorrow we can get some ideas and go look at a couple of places?”
“Jack, I thought I’d never see you again.” Claire laughs through her sobs as she continues to squeeze her little brother. She pulls back to look him over for any sign of injury, “You’re okay! You’re really okay! I can’t believe you’re here! Jack, you’re okay, you’re okay! Jack, I’ve got you.”
“Please, wait here?” The nurse asks gently.
“Do you know him?” urges the woman.
“Come up to the office, Dean. Let’s eat a bite then you can have this for dessert.” Cas breathes hotly into Dean’s mouth and moves Dean’s hand with his own along his hardening dick.
It was good that they were driving separately and meeting somewhere safe and comfortable for both of them. Yes, much better than meeting at either of their apartment’s, where things would most likely end with them having sex and not discussing the important things. Not that he didn’t want to have sex with Dean again, and soon, but they really needed to talk things through without the possibility of turning away from their issues in favour of their desires.
“Grey - with just a hint of pink.” Corrects the instructor.
Claire raises his hand to her lips to press a kiss onto his knuckles and Castiel lifts his thumb out weakly to brush away the tears from her cheek.
“I love you.”
Much Love JenSpinner <3
Dean looks at her like she has two heads. “No. I just said that I’d get a better look at him. And I did.”
,’ thought Cas, ‘
Castiel resolutely doesn’t cry while he is in the shower as he preps himself for Ishim. He’s very thorough because he knows that Ishim will be rough with him.
Ishim twists his arm harder and grabs him by the hair at the back of his neck, jerking his head close. Ishim looks him in the eyes and studies him for a moment before shoving him away. Castiel gently rubs his wrist with his other hand, steadily not looking at Ishim. His heart is racing in his chest painfully fast as he begins to realize, he doesn’t know how far Isham’s punishments might go anymore.
“Thank you,” then turning back to look at Castiel, he realizes by the look on his face that he’d just heard his name,  “Oh crap, now I’ve done it. Now you know my name,” he says looking directly into Cas’s eyes, “but I have a funny feeling, and that’s something rare in my profession, but I feel that you’re completely trustworthy.”
“Do I have to sign the back of my painting so that you’ll keep your sticky fingers to yourself?” Cas asks with his eyebrows raised at Gabriel, who rolls his eyes as he shakes his head, “Good. So tell me, what are your plans for the original Seignac?” Cas asks, resigned to deal with his outlandish brother.
Claire looks at the sticker and then looks around again at the other children who all have similar stickers on them. She is shocked into silence and just stares out at the room. She can’t believe her papa is gone. She is all alone. She sinks down to the ground and sits, emotionally exhausted staring at her name on her arm, her papa had his name on his arm too, somehow now the scratchy pen marks on her skin felt gravely important, she didn’t want to wash it off. She wanted to remember her papa, her dad, Jack…
“Up yours, smartass.” Cas ended the conversation and stormed off to his room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fuck.” mutters Dean, his breathing turning raged as his dick begins stiffening under Castiel’s attention.
Sam was texting Cas and gave him Dean’s answer, hoping that Gabe had more gas in his car for the extra trip.
Dean takes a shaky breath before meeting his eyes once more, “I thought you were… leaving me. I thought when you got out of the car, it was over… I should have just got out of the car and spoken to you. But... I was scared.”
“Oh goodie, you’re going to do homework on a Sunday. Nerds.” Dean sassed, “I’ll be out working on the car.”
Gabe spun the bottle but makes it stop facing Dean. “Whoa-ho-ho! We have a winner! Go get him tiger!” Gabe pushed Dean into the closet with Cas and shut the door.
“More.” Cas answers almost breathlessly, Dean turns to meet Castiel’s eyes and they stare at each other for a moment, before Dean seems to snap out of it, blinking and turning away.
“Now that Casey is resting…,” Dean sidles up against Cas in the waist deep water.
The guy smirks and says, “Sure thing.”
But when she reaches her papa’s bed, her heart drops to discover... it's empty. The dirty and bloody sheets have been removed and replaced with fresh, clean sheets. Her papa is nowhere to be seen and the file with his name and details on it, is gone. Alarmed, she calls out for him loudly but gets no response. Panic grips at her like ice and she drops the orange and water bottle to frantically begin looking around. She hurriedly checks some of the beds nearby in case they have had to move him, but none of the bruised faces and pain-filled eyes that she was met with were Castiel’s.
he thought to himself bitterly,
“Fine. Where am I taking you, Sir?” Cas snarks.
Dean gently lays down his sleeping son and walks over to the edge of the roof, staring out into the darkness, both hoping and praying that Cas and Claire are somewhere safe. He thinks about trying to get some sleep, but his ribs hurt so much and his brain won’t allow him to relax. He decides to go out looking, just as he promised himself - only ten minutes. It’s dark and he can’t see too much apart from where the beam of the flashlight falls.
Without trying to sound smug or slimy, well not sound as he wouldn’t confess it out loud anyway - Dean was pretty sure that he and Castiel were literally made for one and other. All chick-flick-vomit-inducing-cliché’s aside, Castiel was perfect. The man was stunning, funny, caring, a demon in the sack and yeah… ‘smitten’ pretty much covers it for how Dean was feeling about the guy.
Castiel’s eyes flicker and close, sending stray tears rolling down his face, he turns away from Dean slightly as he mutters, “Just… t-take, take them home… Dean. Take them home.”
“I guess I’ll talk to you tomorrow,” Cas says with his back still to Dean. Cas stomps down the stairs and out the front door.
Dean wiped a smudge of Cas’s eyeliner, not mentioning the tears.
Castiel hums softly in gratitude, nuzzling closer to Dean, “I guess I always just thought you were trying to be charming…”
His throat tightens and he feels the beginnings of hot tears fill up his eyes and blur his vision. He roughly wipes his face and clears his throat. Determined to salvage any pride he might still have left, he starts up his car and without even a glance in Castiel’s direction, he drives away. If ending things is what Castiel wants, then so be it.
“We will be depending on normal human reaction.” Dean tells him, “The nice thing about complicated electronics is that if they go haywire…” Dean pauses as he notices a guard heading in their direction, he looks closely at the nearest painting to them, pointing to it as if it were of utmost interest to him whilst waiting for the guard to walk past and out of ear-shot.
Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly, obviously trying to steady himself. He knew exactly where he wanted, no needed to start.
<3 <3 <3
“Hey, Cas.” Sam greeted peeking over the edge of the freezer.
Dean reads Castiel’s messages and reads then again.
“See, you are glad to have me around.” Dean jokes as he stays close to Cas walking to the car. He helps him into the passenger side and runs around to the driver’s side, tossing a gym bag into the back seat.
“Look at me, Dean.” he asks firmly, waiting for Dean’s eyes to flutter open and meet his own before he continues, “I would like to worship every inch of your body. To take you apart piece by beautiful piece until you are trembling and shaking beneath me… But, I honestly don’t think I can last that long. I want you so badly and I have missed you so much that I think I will have to owe you that one for later.”
“Okay, okay. What did he whisper into your ear all close and personal like that?”
Once inside, Dean gets Cas to check the bag, containing his change of clothes into the cloakroom just inside the door. He had explained to Castiel some of what would happen earlier so he was prepared for this.
“Um, it was the handiest. Uh, look, don’t call the police, give me another chance,” the thief pleads unfairly using his big green eyes to show his desperation, as he slowly inches his way closer to Castiel, “You see, I was only taking one painting, and you have so many. Chances are you would never have missed it. Um, never mind, I’ll put it back,” he picks it up and hangs it back on the wall, “see, there we are. No harm done.”
Cas shook his head, deliberately not looking at Dean as he responded, “Nah, I just watched TV.”
Beep Beep Beep
Charlie slaps Benny’s arm, “Shut up. Don’t scare him. We’re supposed to be on his side, remember?”
He flops on the couch and texts Charlie.
Dean asked Castiel to sit at the table to eat so he wouldn’t get spaghetti on the couch. Cas just apologized for being an inconvenience and Sam chimed in to let him know that Dean was a neat freak and would have a fit if red sauce got on the furniture. Dean’s reply was to punch Sam in the arm.
“I can help you, Papa.”
Dean holds his son in his arms, looking over the scratches and cuts on his skin, he feels his small body shaking against him. Jack is crying into his chest and struggling to fall asleep without knowing where his papa and Claire are. Dean doesn’t know what to say, he feels those fears just as deeply as Jack does and although he would give anything to take away his son’s pain and fear, he won’t make promises he doesn’t know that he’ll be able to keep. He won’t lie and say that everything will be fine, he wants to believe that it will be but what if he told Jack things would be okay and then… they weren’t.
Castiel smiles at Dean, “I’m ready.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” asks Dean as he looks deeply into Castiel’s eyes. He leans in, his hand coming up to rest against Castiel’s cheek and he kisses Cas, it’s slow and undemanding, but full of meaning. As he pulls back again, meeting Castiel’s gaze, he searches his face for a reaction...
“Chill, will ya.” Dean looks around, rubbing his arm, “I need a drink.”
“Sorry, it’s just exhausting getting around on this stupid leg.”
His voice is hoarse and scratchy from shouting, but he ignores it and coughs to clear his throat, before putting his hands around his mouth and shouting for his husband and daughter.
“Exactly. Now, shh, just wait here.” Dean places a single finger against Cas’s lips, meeting his eyes as he hushes him. Then he gives Castiel a tiny nod and quietly leaves the closet with the boomerang in his hand. He tosses the toy into the air so that it passes close to the painting. The first time he doesn’t get it close enough and nothing happens so, with a quick glance about him, he refocuses and tosses it again. This time it goes right past the infrared security system and Dean feels the vibrations in his very heart as the alarm blares to life loudly. Dean catches the boomerang and runs back to the closet, slipping in beside Castiel as quickly and as quietly as he can.
“Hi, Dean, how…” Cas begins at the same time.
Cas slips on his boxer-briefs and pulls Dean back to the bed. “How do you feel about cuddling?”
screamed itself in Castiel’s head but what came out was, “Dean, I think…”
Dean’s heart feels heavy at how ‘out of it’ Castiel appears to be. His eyes are open, but they are unfocused and in the moments that they do appear to settle on his, they don’t seem to hold much faith. It almost breaks Dean to look into those eyes and see such hopelessness.
, babe.”
The same man that was on the roof with Dean and Jack comes over to them with sadness in his eyes. “These are the last trucks and they don’t know when or if more trucks are coming here. We need to leave, they will take us to a shelter or a hospital. Maybe someone can take a look at your head.”
They stop at several different shelters and hospitals, the group getting smaller with each stop as some people offload at the shelters. Dean jumps out and quickly checks the list of names at each place, never seeing Cas or Claire listed. The other family they are traveling with have a son about Claire’s age and he had been making Jack laugh, by pulling silly faces at him. So, as Dean gets off the truck at the next stop he asks them to keep an eye on Jack for him and takes the list of names of their missing loved ones with him to check for on the registry.
“Goodbye, Dean, Thanks.” Cas barely gets in before Dean hangs up. Cas felt a lot better about the whole incident, he decided to do as Dean suggested and  call his lawyer to let him know about the video and the email.
“Thank you, sweetheart.” says the woman, as she puts the items back into the clear plastic bag. Claire watches her pick up a tatty looking folding from the ground next to the table and place it in front of her, “I’m so sorry to ask you, but I need you to look through these, too.”
“Shaddup, you loved it.”
“Claire! Claire!”
“Goddammit, Mike. Will you stop calling me! You left me, remember!?” Dean sounds angry again, it makes Castiel stiffen slightly.
“Gorgeous. Great smile. Blue eyes. Smells nice,” he signs in response.
The incessant sound is coming from the front of the house. Castiel groggily climbs out of bed to investigate. Stopping briefly to grab a pair of shorts as he passed his dresser - he isn’t giving his nosey neighbor another free show. Stumbling through the living room, he opens the front door only to be blinded by the bright mid-day sun. ‘
Gripping her hand a little tighter, Castiel releases the fallen tree and leads Claire carefully inland.
Three days later the Righteous Man summons Castiel.
“Oh, dear,” Cas sighs, rolling his eyes slightly at the absurdity of him aiding the man who’d been trying to rob him, “I’ll call you a taxi. Is that alright?”
Above him, another man’s head appears in the hole in the roof, he looks down at him in concern, “Hey, are you alright?”
Cas cums, coating Dean’s chest with white stripes. Dean cums immediately after, feeling Cas’s cock throb against his. Dean’s chest is covered in both their spend. Cas runs his finger through the mess and meeting Dean’s eyes he sucks the cum off his finger. Dean watched wide-eyed, and his dick gives a little kick toward life because fucking hell that was sexy.
“Yeah? Me too.” Castiel replies.
“Some blue dress shirt or that was his excuse for calling to harass me.”
Castiel watches the man trudges back to the truck and open a panel, gathering some things out of the truck. Curiosity gets the best of Castiel, and he crosses his lawn to see what is on the second sign. He stands there confused for a moment as he read the sign. ‘
When class ends, Dean gives Casey lots of cuddles and kisses while he visits with the others before he heads out to meet Cas at the truck. Dean has made friends with the two others who are there with their dogs. Tracy has epilepsy, and David is a veteran and suffers from PTSD.  Much of the training is similar, but Tracy has extra classes for her medical needs.
The cat looks up at Dean then stretches out on the bench, giving him more surface area to pet. Dean does as the little cat wants and gives him a good belly rub. He smiles when he feels an energetic vibration coming from the cat, and he knows it means the cat is purring and he’s made the little creature happy. He pets the cat until the little guy has had enough and suddenly leaps off the bench and walks away, tail high in the air. Dean shakes his head and laughs, signing “You’re welcome” to the cat.
They finish getting dressed, Castiel, Dean, and Jack wearing shirts with their swim trunks, and Claire with her suit under her sundress. Cas makes sure that everyone has fruit with their breakfast (which Dean absolutely does not grumble about) so that everyone is well hydrated for the morning at the beach. After they finish eating they walk down the winding path to the beach. Dean and Cas slather both the kids in sunscreen before turning their attention to each other. Castiel turns and smacks Dean’s arm lightly when Dean makes a crude joke under his breath whilst rubbing in the white cream on Castiel’s back.
“Fine. In fact, we have about ten more minutes if you’d like to go ahead and get married while I wait.” Dean replies sassily.
“I’ll be alright, sweetheart,” Castiel tries to remain as calm as he possibly can and nods to his daughter, “Walk in front of me, baby girl.” He thinks this will help her not to focus on his wounds. Soon he is fighting against his body as he begins shivering. He feels bitterly cold, even though the temperature must be quite warm as he notices that the water on them is starting to dry up. The ground below their feet is becoming drier and more solid.
They wade quietly through the water, carefully moving tree branches and floating debris out of their way until it becomes waist-deep. Castiel keeps a firm hold on Claire's hand to help her keep up and to reassure himself that she’s still with him. He uses the large branch he’d found earlier (as something to hit the shark with had it come to close) as a crutch to support his injured leg and together he and Claire trudge through the water until it gets shallower and shallower.
Together the class has gone out into public for walks on the streets of downtown Austin around the training center; some pups did better than others. Casey was frightened at first when a bus roared past them at a corner, but the next bus didn’t faze her at all. Not all the puppies have owners, yet, some are being trained as guides for vision impaired, others for people with mobility issues or other particular medical issues. Dean and two others are the only owners who are taking classes with their dogs at this point.
He notices the man on his front lawn when he takes the signs to place them at the edge of the yard. He might have stared just a little too much, but the lack of shirt and shoes first caught his attention, then the messy dark hair, like the man had just crawled out of bed - he just might have by the confused look on his face. Most of the nosey neighbors Dean is used to seeing are old women, housewives, and grumpy old men. There aren’t many gorgeous, half-naked men in his usual day. Not that he would complain about such a sight.
’ Castiel slowly crawls closer to the man as the man sits up, gripping his arm. The man pulls his hand away, and there is blood on his palm.
Dean nods and finishes his cereal with one last large mouthful, “Yeah, this is the first time I’ve ever had a patient end up at my house though. Talk about bringing your work home with you.” Dean chuckles, “Kinda weird.”
Cas had deadbolted the door behind Sam, then got back into bed and turned on the TV to have some background noise while he reads one of the books that Sam brought him. The house feels too quiet, even with the TV on, without Dean here during the day. Cas is a little bit jumpy and his ears perk up at every noise outside, every time he hears anything that sounds like a car door he freezes and stares at the front door.
“Don’t you fuckin’ cry,” Dean growls.
“God, I hope not.” Cas sighs and brings Dean in for another kiss.
Dean meets with the new client and calls Cas in for his view on the artistic section of the conversation. He never interviews a new client without Cas’s input. Once they have the overview and main ideas decided, they end the meeting and bid farewell to the client. The next steps take at least a couple of weeks as the team puts their heads together to come up with the perfect chopper for the new client.
“God, Cas. You sure know how to get my mind off work.”
Castiel begins to climb after her, the pain searing in his chest as he lifts his arms to reach for the lower branches. Using the hardy vines he grabs hold and begins to pull himself up. He slips and falls, crying out in pain as he lands on his leg.
“Me too, Cas. My latest hook-ups have been just that, hook-ups. None have wanted to hang around ‘til breakfast. This feels real nice.”
Blood swirls like smoke in the water. Some bodies that had been weighted down by sludge shift and rise. The water becomes calmer, clearer, easier to move through. The scent of car fuel mingles unpleasantly with the smell of saturated clag it is thick and swamp-like in the air, however, the dust that had billowed up from destroyed buildings had finally settled, leaving the air a little easier to breathe.
He sees Mick up ahead and waves; Mick waves back in greeting.
They had worked hard and saved for two years for their family vacation. It was a dream they had talked about ever since Jack joined their happy family: a fun holiday with the kids - when both would be old enough to enjoy it. They are traveling to stay a fortnight in Thailand and have an amazing suite booked in a beautiful beachside resort. Everything about this vacation is outside of their normal routine back home, in Kansas, but it will be worth it to have the memories and to see the kids enjoying a special Christmas on the beach.
********
“God,” Cas breaths out, “you are gorgeous.”
They found Cas digging in the large chest freezer.
“Wow. So you really are deaf and mute,” the man says condescendingly like he thought it was a joke.
“Good morning, Dean. I take it you slept well?”
Crowley wasn’t too happy about him changing his song, he was supposed to feature “Pony” but one of the other guys is going to do the whole cowboy thing. Castiel has a special plan. He’s one of the top dancers in the place, and Crowley trusts him enough to make minor changes now and then.
Guilt rushes through him at the thought of hoping there were more dead bodies in the area to occupy the shark. He shakes it away, trying to stay focussed. Feeling nauseous, he takes hold of Claire’s hand, feeling it solidly in his own and praying that they both get out of this alive.
There are people moving all around him and he tries to look around and see what is happening, but moving his head makes him dizzy so he stills and lets the women tend to him.
“No.”
“How dare you try to make me fall! Are you really that stupid!? I’m going to have to teach you a fucking lesson in manners, you fucking slut!” Ishim roared at him, cursing and yelling and shoving him back against the counter over and over.
“And right now, I am regretting that decision,” grumbles Dean, as he grabs the armrest on his seat and grips onto it tightly. The plane shakes slightly as it hits some turbulence and Dean’s knuckles turn white as he clutches onto the armrest for purchase. Dean looks back at Cas and manages an unconvincing smile, “how long until we land?”
“I thought …” Claire catches her breath, meeting his eyes guiltily, “I thought you died.”
The tired but kind-looking woman takes her to a tent outside the hospital, Claire can see that there are several other children sitting around in the tent. Some are coloring or talking quietly with other children, others are comforting each other, younger children cry in the arms of older children, a few are sleeping, curled up together on thin blankets. It’s as if the floor swoops out from under her when Claire realizes that these children have also lost their parents, her legs feel weak and she wants to sit down.
.’ he thinks, ‘
He spies a pile of broken trees and debris and climbs over one of the trunks looking to see if there is anyone tangled up in the mess. He takes another step forward but his stomach lurches when the ground beneath his feet, suddenly, gives way. Feeling himself dropping he reaches out but is unable to grab onto anything to stop his fall, landing unevenly and slipping backward. Slamming his head onto something hard on the ground.
flesh that’s wounded, so can you be careful with that.”
austin dog zone
They talked a while at the bar then got a booth and continued exchanging stories until late in the night. They found that they actually had a fair bit in common, both had grown up with siblings, Cas has an older brother, Gabriel, and Dean has a younger one, Sam. Neither of them were in love with their job, but they didn’t hate them either. They were comfortable and the bills got paid on time. By the end of the evening they had traded phone numbers and made plans to go together out that weekend. Dean walked Cas to his truck and they kissed good night.
Cas closes his eyes, just for a minute, he just needs to rest for a few minutes.
Cas thumps him on the chest, “I feel awful, and I’m scared for you, too. I had no right to get you mixed up in all this. If you want to call it off...”
“Dad,” Claire says sobering at the thought of her papa, “Papa is here, too. I can take you to him."
“I don’t want to look anymore papa, there are so many injured people,” said Claire sadly.
Cas jerked the tub of ice cream and whacked his head on the lid of the freezer, then stumbles back, right into Dean’s arms.
“Now that I’m out of the casts Sam has promised to help me find a place to live,” Cas says, causing Dean to pause.
“Um, night, Cassie.”
“Cas…”
“I know this, Dean. But I care for you and want you to be safe.”
I want to take you out on dates and prove that you’re number one in my life. I want to have you over when Sam is visiting so we can spend time together, the three of us. I want us to spend time together with our friends, so we can get to know each other even better. I don’t know if any of this sounds like what you want, Cas. I hope it is. I hope that we can mend this and make things better.”
’… or
Dean chuckles and walks into the kitchen, “See, at least you appreciate my cooking, Sammy thinks a man can survive on salads and protein shakes.”
“Well, what do you know, it actually worked. They turned off the alarm.” Dean says sounding and looking somewhat stunned.
Dean kisses Cas’s knuckles. “That’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me, Cas.” He smirks at Cas.
Gabe finally turned the music back up and yelled for everyone to dance and have fun. He took over the keg and filled cups for all who wanted beer.  Even Cas and Sam decide one beer couldn’t hurt. Dean was on his second, but he’d had beer before, and two was his limit, because he’s driving later. After this one was water and soda.
Later that afternoon, Cas can begin the base coat on most of the larger sections of the new bike.
Castiel works nights, so he basically ignored the letter from the power company which mentioned service updates and planned power outages over the next few weeks. He could do without TV for a day or two. Besides, most of his time at home was spent catching up on sleep while most of his neighbors were at work.
“Really?” Dean asks catching Cas’s eyes “It’s okay if I stay a while? You sure?”
Claire kneels down on the ground to Jack’s level and looks him in the eye, her voice shaking as she asks with desperation, “Jack, where’s Dad?”
Cas’ smile, as he watches his son, slips from his face and he tilts his head frowning as he notices a strange sound, he looks around trying to find where it is coming from. He sees, one by one, everyone around the pool stop what they are doing to look up into the sky. He looks up, following their gazes to see vast flocks of birds flying away from the coast. Standing to get a better view, Castiel covers the sun from his eyes and looks out toward the sea, his mouth dropping open in horror.
Cas talks with the dealers about the different makes and models of the SUVs they have on the lots and Dean stands back and watches him, feeling something close to pride at how confident Castiel is. Even though he is still walking long distances with crutches, he is getting around pretty well. Dean is amazed at how well he gets around actually, but he can tell that he is starting to get tired by the time they are at the third car lot.
He coughs and squeezes Claire’s hand again, he can barely turn his head to the side without feeling sick but he has to get the words out, “Need you... to look for Jack... and your dad.”
His vision whites out for a moment and when his head starts to clear again, there is nothing but darkness. Trying to sit up makes him feel sick, so he stills and waits for the nausea to pass, before trying again. When he feels steady enough, he sits up and roots around for his flashlight, tugging it free from the sludge it has landed in. He wipes the mud from the lens against his shorts and tests the button. Relief washes over him when it flickers to life.
“Cas, I really don’t mind,” Dean winks and drinks his coffee. Cas looks at Dean wide-eyed. “Dude, your eyes are so blue,” Dean states dumbly.
Dean and Jack have been riding in the back of the truck for most of the day. Each time they stop at a shelter or a hospital Dean gets out and goes to check the list of names. He takes with him a scrap of paper that has the names of the lost loved ones of the others riding with them. He had been lucky once, at one of the shelters he happened to find the husband of one of the ladies on the truck. Even though it wasn’t his own family he was glad to see the reunion. Dean couldn’t hold back his tears as he watched the man and woman greet each other. He hoped it would be his and Jack’s ‘turn’ soon and that they would get to hug Castiel and Claire.
Castiel forced himself not to worry about it as he moved his brush over the canvas in front of him, his eyes lit up, reflecting the glowing greens of the mystic night sky landscape he was painting. The lines of the lone dark tree at the front of the image were crisp and precise, but the clouds that littered the sky around it were fluffy and soft looking. Castiel cleaned his paintbrush and placed it down on a paper towel to dry before standing back and admiring the painting. He’d chosen to do a simple piece, something easy that he didn’t have to focus too hard on so that he could relax his racing thoughts about the art collectors visit the following day. When he finally went to bed, he felt slightly less panicked about his brothers deal with the gallery.
Castiel faintly scratches his fingernails through the trimmed hairs on Dean’s crotch and against the sensitive skin there, smirking as Dean’s breath hitches against the building intensity of sensation. They have been together for so long, that Castiel is an expert at navigating his way around Dean’s body. He knows where to pay more attention to and what to avoid. He knows each and every button that lies just beneath the surface of Dean’s skin and presses them confidently, knowing he’ll be able to fine-tune Dean’s song so that he will soon be singing in ecstasy.
All the tension he had been carrying in his body, drops away, “He’s… he’s okay?”
Dean swallows down his nerves as he pushes back the curtain. His eyes widen with alarm at how deathly ill and small his husband looks. Castiel is lying on the bed, as still as stone. His eyes are closed, his nose and mouth are covered by an oxygen mask which is misted up by Castiel’s shallow, labored breaths. Dean can tell just by looking that his skin is white-wash pale beneath it, apart from the bruises, of which there were many; angry purple and blueish-black marks litter his skin.
“Gabriel...”
“I’m sorry, are you hungry? You could have said something earlier. We could have gone to eat whenever you wanted.” said Castiel looking slightly guilty.
Cas can feel the heat in his gut building, like the rumblings of a dormant volcano close to eruption, as he works their cocks together rapidly. He knows he’s getting close but he doesn’t want to come first, he wants to see Dean’s pleasure light up his face before he takes his own. He can feel Dean’s cock twitch and glancing down between them he sees his stomach muscles contract and tighten and he knows Dean’s close as well.
The DJ is announcing a group of female dancers when one of the servers hands Dean a note.
He hadn’t just decided on a whim to go either, he had done his research, (amusing himself with the thought that Sam would have been impressed with him for that at least) he’d picked that night because both Novak brothers had been invited to the charity event, Castiel wasn’t supposed to be at home. He wondered, for what could easily be the dozenth time... why Castiel hadn’t gone to the party?
Looking past her, he realizes that he recognizes the little boy by her side from the pool at their resort. Claire and Jack had played with him barely an hour earlier. The woman who had helped her had been there too, he’d said good morning to her as she’d strolled past him to the pool - she’d looked so happy. Now she is shaking and pale, her arms and legs have dozens of little cuts across them, the boy has a few scratches too, but it was clear that his mother had wrapped herself around him and taken the worst of it herself.
Dean was stunned by how Cas looked. “Hey, Cas. Lookin’ good.” Dean patted Cas on the shoulder as he entered the den. “Come on in guys. Ya’ll want snacks?”
Dean cautiously steps around the pups and sits on the floor next to Cas amongst all the rambunctious puppies. Three of them quickly pounce on him while the other four continue to attack Cas’s left shoe. Cas shakes his foot to get the puppies off and stares at the little yellow balls of fur. He watches as they play and jump around, seven energetic Labrador puppies - out of which Dean must choose one.
The little puppies are in training to be therapy dogs, and Dean is on the list to receive one. He and the pup he chooses will attend classes together if he can figure out which one he wants. They’re all adorable, and Dean isn’t sure how he is supposed to choose.
Dean wakes with a pounding headache. Side effects of his meds, because he hasn’t had a drop of alcohol in over a year, now. Ever since he was put on meds for his PTSD and depression and stupid panic attacks. Ever since his medical discharge. He learned quickly that booze and meds don’t mix, that week was worse than the flu and seven hangovers all at once.
“No.”
“Huh?” Dean replies dumbly, still shocked from the dance and this whole exchange.
Dean wakes to the smell of bacon and coffee. He throws on his jeans and ambles to the kitchen. Cas is standing at the stove, wearing a pair of basketball shorts and an apron,  flipping pancakes. Dean slips up behind him and kisses his neck, his hands wrapping around Cas’s waist. Cas leans into the kiss.
Mick’s eyes widen as Cas pulls him out the door of the front door and leads him back to his car.
“Gabe, I’m turning sixteen, I don’t want a stupid party. I’m not a kid anymore.”
Dean showers and gets ready to meet his friends.
Dean took Cas’s face in his hands and leaned in slowly. Their lips met and Dean’s eyes close, but Cas’s open wide. He doesn’t want to miss this, he needed to be sure it was real and not a dream.
No words were spoken as Castiel slowly unbuttons Dean’s shirt, kissing the exposed skin revealed behind each button. Dean shivers. Castiel continues his ministrations until Dean's shirt is on the floor.
“Yeah, I do.” Cas slaps Dean’s ass and turns to walk back to the paint booth, and Dean heads back to the office. The new client is due shortly, so Dean needs to finish the paperwork on Leno’s transaction and gather everything for the new guy.
It looks like home but doesn’t feel like it, not anymore, everything is the same but it feels strange. He wants to get this done as quickly as possible so he leads Dean straight back to the bedroom to gather his clothes from the closet. He digs out a suitcase and a duffle bag and begins to pull things out of the drawers and closet. Dean sets the case on the bed and helps him pack.
Dean (Friday 2:26 PM)> oh that makes you smile huh
It had been sheer dumb luck that the painting’s originality hadn’t been brought into question at the time and now Castiel was forced to remind Gabriel over and over, that there are tests that can be done, tests that these days don’t even take very long and would - no doubt - prove that ‘The Angel’s Heart’ was a fraud and once that story got out, it would ruin Gabriel’s, and Castiel’s credibility, not to mention that it would bring every other piece they owned under scrutiny.
It had been undoubtedly the best six months of his life, because of Cas. He had never connected with someone so easily, but with Cas it all came so naturally. The only problem was that something else that came naturally to Dean threatened to ruin everything. He was a flirt, it was no secret, only now the problem was that his big mouth and flirty nature could jeopardize the best thing that had ever happened to him, his and Castiel’s relationship.
“Are you alright?” Sam asked.
The song finishes and the dancers leave the stage; Dean hasn’t taken his eyes off Cain the whole time.
Claire takes hold of her papa’s hand to reassure him as he reaches the ground. He cries out in pain as he tries to put weight on his leg and falls, too weak to stand on his own. The two men talk together for a few moments before one of them grabs a hold of Castiel under his arms, Claire’s hand slips from his as the man begins to drag him along.
With trembling fingers, she picks up the ring, ignoring the intense gaze of the woman watching her, and brings it closer to her eyes for inspection. On the outside, the ring is a plain silver band, a style which Castiel does wear.
“I dunno, man. This place is pretty small, and it doesn’t seem like much of a place for parties. Did you know you have some geriatrics for neighbors? Dude, this place kinda sucks.” Brady says as he looks around the tiny living room.
-------------------
“Come on in, and please look at me when you speak,” Dean types. As long as someone is looking at him when they talk, he’s good at understanding what they’re saying for the most part.
“YOU PROMISED WE WOULD BE OKAY! PAPA!! YOU PROMISED YOU WOULDN’T LEAVE ME!!”
Dean sighs, “Cas,” He reaches across the table and stops Cas from fussing with his silverware, taking Cas’s hand in his, “Sweetheart, I want you to be a part of everything I do. The thing is that Casey needed time to adjust to me and my issues, my needs. This training is different from typical behavioral training that we did in the puppy kindergarten. She is learning what to do if I’m in distress. She is the smartest dog in the class, Cas. The instructor said that she is doing so well that you can start coming to classes next month if you want.”
“Papa!” Claire shouts as she sees a large, solid-looking tree in their path. Castiel whips his head around but is too late to do anything as the billboard strikes the tree and shatters, throwing Castiel and Claire back into the water.
“Thank you,” says Dean lying back and closing his eyes, “thank you…”
“Do you want -” Dean says at the same time.
The way Dean was twisted, it meant he’d have to do a spread out crab crawl to reach. He tries and knocks against Cas who was reaching for the same spot. Dean fell on his butt and his leg hit Cas’s causing him to fall right on top of him.
Before he knew what he was doing, he was texting Dean.
Cas’s eyes go wide until realizes that he knows those lips, he knows this kiss, his heart sores as he looks into the man’s eyes, Dean’s eyes. Cas sinks into the kiss and they enjoy a brief but heated moment before Dean takes his hand and leads him out the back door.
“Hey, Charlie.” He signs once they part, and he kisses her on the forehead. “Hi, Kevin. Where’s Benny and Andrea?”
“Cas, I’ve been thinking and of course, it’s ok, if you’d rather not, but...” Dean takes a deep breath and says, “once we’re done with lunch, how ‘bout we head over to your old place and retrieve some of your things? I’m sure you need some clothes now and we know that Ishim isn’t going to be there.”
“But...”
“Yeah and he thought you were having a fit when you started signing at him.” Charlie laughs.
“No! I have to find my papa!” Claire yells, “What have you done with him? PAPA? PAPA?”
Dean hugs his son a little tighter. “Yes, she does.” He agrees, kissing his son on the top of his head, “I bet she’s looking up at them right now and thinking about you.” His throat tightens with emotion as he thinks of his daughter out there somewhere, hopefully not alone.
To keep his mind off Ishim, Cas played with his phone for a while until he got bored. Then he turned on the TV but kept the volume low so he wouldn't wake Dean. He definitely didn't want a repeat of yesterday morning. It felt strange to be in someone else’s home, he was grateful to Sam, and Dean really, for letting him stay. But he didn’t feel like he could fully relax, he was always aware that this wasn’t his space, don’t play the TV too loud, don’t spill anything on the floor or furniture, don’t get in Dean’s way, don’t go home.
After lunch, they take a boat out to go diving out at the nearby coral reef. The whole family enjoys diving down beneath the surface to watch the fishes and sea life. There are many beautiful creatures living under the water that they have never seen before and they point and nudge each other to ensure no one misses anything.
All too soon, class ends, and Cas is just as sad to for it to be over as Dean. Cas is thrilled to be able to attend the classes, although he knows that it is still important for Dean to attend many of the classes without him, that he is a caregiver and has slightly different training obligations.
“See, no time at all.” Dean grins as he climbs back up into the driver’s seat. The two men head to the correct location and began their long day’s work.
“Oh, I don’t know, I thought I’d taken
Cas rolls his eyes trying to conceal the faint blush spreading across his cheeks he looks down at his outfit, finding himself agreeing internally with the fact that the outfit looks terrible.
Unfortunately, Dean’s ‘charm’ was radiating from him far beyond Castiel and had caught the attention of not only the burly barman with the scruffy beard, but also the busty waitress with the false eyelashes, who had a giggle to rival that of Betty Rubbles.
“I have a phone. We’ve already been in touch with our family. So, you can use it for a few minutes.” The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a cell phone. “I was saving the battery to update my family. But you should call your people back home to let them know you’re safe.”
“I’ll have iced tea, please,” said Dean as he picked up his menu. It’s not like he didn’t already know what he would choose, but he seemed to need something to do with his hands.
“Sam, I didn’t mean to overhear his conversation earlier this afternoon, but I did hear part of it and it sounded bad. I think Dean may have been crying afterward.” Cas confesses awkwardly to Sam.
Later in the afternoon, between his calls at work, Dean texts Cas. He can’t believe what a piece of shit Ishim is, how after everything he’d done to Cas, he’d still found new ways to hurt him.
Jack latches onto his big sister with all his strength, tears streaming down his cheeks, “Claire, Claire, you’re here. You’re really here.”
Claire nods and turns warily to the tree but just before she starts to climb up the tree she spots a soda can on the ground nearby. Castiel spots her looking at it and when she turns to him with questioning eyes, he nods at her with a small smile so she knows it is ok to pick it up. It’s unopened and they need something to drink. She hurries over to it and sticks it in the front of her swimsuit before she begins climbing the tree. Claire is able to scramble up the tree quite well.
“Yeah, there was this huge fire, and I was trapped, I couldn’t move like I was pinned under something. Cas, I could feel the heat.” He sits the glass on the side table and leans back on his pillow. “I’ve never been anywhere near a fire, why do I keep having this fucking nightmare?”
pick somewhere we can get to on a ship?”
“Sassy,”
“Mmm, you’re not tired from chasing her all over the yard?” Cas teases.
fall for Ishims bullshit. He has to stop replying before he gets sucked into believing that Ishim really cares about him, that he really misses him, before he starts thinking that maybe Ishim had learned his lesson... He only notices that there are tears running down his face when Sam gets up and hands him a box of tissues.
Dean and Cas enjoy the work they do and the people they get to work with on the more exclusive bikes. Not all their jobs are for rich superstars; they create jobs for regular people as well.
Cas (Friday 2:25 PM)> :)
“I’m sorry I upset you, Ishim.”
“Yes, Papa,” Jack replies, sounding breathless from laughing.
Dean looks back toward the bar, and the guy is gone. He stands and scans the room and sees him heading to the toilets. “I’m not going to ‘bump into him’ in the men’s room, Charlie.” He regrets it as soon as he signs it, he set him up to get teased - again.
He takes a small uncertain step into the room, his eyes darting around and taking in all the beeping machines surrounding Castiel’s bed, the thin tubes going into his arms, the heart monitor taped to his chest… just above the fresh-looking bandages from his surgery. Dean has to take a moment to compose himself, he draws a deep breath of air into his lungs, feeling it grounding him. Castiel is here, he is alive… but only just.
“Yeah, and another shirt just in case you want an overshirt.”
“No big. At least you didn’t fall.” Dean blows off the incident.
kiss still lingered hauntingly. Had that really just happened? Was he dreaming? He thinks back over everything that had occurred during the evening. It somehow seemed like he had met the thief, no, Dean, so long ago and yet, in reality, it had been only a couple of hours.
“Hey, I’m just being courteous. The guy invited me to his show, and I don’t want him to think I’m blowin’ him off or somethin’. I just can’t make a show on a weeknight s’all.” Dean explains.
During the ruckus, Cas makes his way into the guard's room only to be surprised by a man sitting in the office in a guards uniform with his hat down over his eyes. Before Castiel can react, the man jumps up and grabs him placing a hand over his mouth as he drags him to the back of the office, he presses Cas up against the door and moves the hand covering his lips only to kiss him fully on the mouth.
“Stop what?” Dean asks, looking at Cas like he has two heads.
The kids and Dean finally make their way out onto the patio where Dean had decorated one of the larger potted plants like a small Christmas tree, something that Castiel admitted he found adorable.
Hi from JenSpinner.
“Good idea, night Gabe,” Cas mumbles as he walks over to the painting and begins to wipe down the frame to make sure there are no fingerprints... Gabe watching him closely with a slight frown knitting across his face.
Cas looks away and almost apologizes for apologizing. “I-I didn’t mean to grab you like that.”
❤️❤️ Thank you ❤️❤️
“Don’t be an ass today, Gabe. It's your little brother’s big day.”
“Oh my...” he says, when Mick lets him go, looking thoroughly ruffled  “I- I have to run, I’m late.”
“So, yeah… I think I need to start with the fact that I left you on the side of the damn road. Cas, I’m truly sorry for that. I should have never driven off and left you, no matter what, it was wrong of me. And that you got hurt because of it makes it even worse.” Dean’s voice quivers and Cas can see tears welling up in his eyes. Dean looks up to the ceiling and blinks them away. “I’ll never forgive myself for abandoning you that night, Cas. And if you allow me back into your life, I swear it will never happen again. I’ll never leave you like that, for any reason. If I could go back in time, I would never have driven off and left you alone.”
He and Claire have been fighting Mother Nature and all she has thrown at them all day. He’s exhausted and dizzy as he walks along behind Claire, still trying to use the stick as a crutch. Each step is painful, the shock and adrenaline of the morning's events was wearing off and he could feel every movement pull against his injuries. He takes comfort in the fact that at least Claire looks much calmer now they are far away from the shark. He feels proud of how strong and brave she is being as she leads him along.
Turning back toward the truck, Jack looks over at the hospital, he’s never seen so many people all cramped into one place before. He is stunned by the sheer volume of the sounds around him, people talking and crying, vehicles moving about, even someone on a loudspeaker trying to direct groups of people into the right areas. Looking at all the traffic on the road and in front of the hospital he’s frightened and amazed and interested in what is happening around him. His dad had kept him from watching much of what was going on while they were riding in the truck. But now his eyes drink in the sights and sounds around him, wishing that he could help somehow.
“Holly shit, Dean. Thank God! It’s so good to hear from you! Where are you? Are you alright? The kids alright?” Sam’s words are rushed and Dean starts shaking at the thought of having to tell his brother that he has lost his husband and his daughter.
“You just being you… Mr. All-state, Dean’s list. You have no idea how much Cas looks up to you.” Sam gracelessly flopped himself on the couch. “Dude, do you even notice how the kids at school practically drool over you?”
Cas (Friday 2:21 PM)> Hi Dean. Actually, I am, thanks to you. I’m doing my laundry which is so much easier without a cast on my arm. I’m actually enjoying laundry. How weird is that?
Claire wipes the tears from her eyes and looks down at the fruit she hasn’t finished. She knows that she needs to eat, but her stomach is in knots, she’s so worried about her family and frightened about being all alone. Slowly, she eats her snack and makes sure to drink some water, remembering with a pang how her papa always instructed her to eat plenty of fruit and drink water instead of soda. Besides, she isn’t sure when or what her next meal will be, so she’ll take what she can get. She hopes she’ll be able to have a nice meal with her family again and misses how Daddy and Papa would joke with each other when they were doing the dishes after dinner.
Claire opens her eyes again and they instantly fall upon the once again open folder in front of her, a double page. Two new, pale and lifeless faces. One an older looking man, with a bloody gash across his chest and sheet that covers him from the waist down, where there is a clear rise in the blanket covering him that is his leg. One leg. The other a child, a boy no older than Jack. His face looks puffy and swollen.
“It’s stolen” the man smirks as he gets in the passenger side.
Gabriel has practically raised his younger brother since they were kids. Castiel was always a soft-spoken boy, that was until he reached his teen years. At which point he found his voice and his attitude. The book smart kid turned into a smart mouthed goth — at least smart mouthed to his big brother.
Dean and his team draft a few samples and are in touch with the client often, and final decisions are made. Dean is the chief fabricator, and once they have a concrete plan, he begins with one of his favorite frames and begins his metalworking skills on the tank. The fabrication takes another couple of weeks before any painting can begin. Benny is working side by side with Dean as he spends his time building the engine. As much as Dean loves mechanical work, he is the best medalist in the shop, and he knows Benny can build an engine with his eyes closed.
“Follow me and you’ll see.” The woman takes her hand and leads her into the hospital and upstairs. She leads her all along the upper floor to an area on the far side of the hospital.
Dean makes sure Castiel is decent before setting the call to video and then turns his camera around and begins to walk around the suite, showing Sam the inside and then walks out onto the patio to show him the view. “Pretty spectacular, huh?”
Cas could barely contain himself, much less listen to what Dean was saying, because his brain was a broken record of ‘
Dean follows the unspoken direction and starts unbuttoning Cas’s shirt. They leave a trail of clothes and shoes scattered carelessly across the hallway floor as they blindly push and pull their way to the bedroom.
Castiel tries hard not to show how nervous he is as Sam makes them breakfast. This is the first day that he will be alone after Ishim showed up at the house. Dean had already left for work and Sam would be going out shortly too. He wonders about asking Sam to stay at home but quickly dismisses the idea, Sam and Dean have both done so much for him, he can’t start asking them to miss work for him. Harder to shake was the idea that maybe he could go to the library with Sam, he’d just sit in a quiet corner somewhere out of the way and read… but then he didn’t want to ask that of Sam either. He felt silly, surely Ishim would have heeded Dean’s warning and wouldn’t be coming back.
party, not a stupid kids party”
Castiel looked up at Ishim in time to see a fist seconds before it connected with his jaw. Cas’s head hit the cabinet with a loud thud and he fell forward onto the floor and into the broken glass. He felt another sharp pain in his ribs and heard a horrible crack. Looking down his body he realized that Ishim was still wearing his boots and that he was about to kick him, again. Cas curled into himself to protect his cracked rib.
Castiel calls Sam on a video call so that he can watch as the kids open their gifts because Dean is busy chasing the kids around the suite. Sam is soon laughing along with Cas at Dean’s antics.
Gabe knew about Cas’s fear of small dark places, so he agreed. “Just because you’re the birthday boy, and the door closes when the winner of the second spin gets in there.”
“Sounds great.” Dean smiles like a lunatic, still holding Cas’s hand.
The next morning some trucks arrive to carry the survivors to safety. The group of people Dean was sheltering with are all preparing to leave, they gather around one of the trucks, waiting for instructions. Dean doesn’t want to leave. This was the last place he saw Castiel and Claire and he still believes this is the first place they would look for him and Jack. He is afraid that they might come back and he wouldn’t be there…
“Benny, man, you carried him out of that fire.” Cas takes a shaky breath, “I was two blocks away on crowd control. Please, understand that I’m grateful and there is never any reason to feel bad or responsible for what happened. We were all at that call. That old factory should have been destroyed years ago; it has been a disaster waiting to happen. Hell, all of us know the dangers of our chosen line of work. Firefighters and Police both live with the threat of injury or …  um, every day.”
Claire wakes slowly with the feeling of something warm beside her, she opens her eyes at the comforting touch of a hand stroking through her hair. When she looks up, her papa is smiling warmly at her from under his mask.
“Papa, they’re taking us to a hospital,” Claire tells him. He tries to give her a smile but he is just in too much pain so he just holds her hand, squeezing it to let her know that he understands.
Cas looks down at himself, he’d bypassed the living room to get breakfast, embarrassment heats up his cheeks as he looks back up at Dean, “Oh shit, sorry. I mean, um… I’ll get one as soon as I get to the couch.”
“Cas, I was right there, I tried to pull him back, but, that beam fell so fast. Broke my arm when it hit me, but Dean… God. It took four other guys to lift the fucking thing, and…. I’m so glad he’s still alive.”
Dean stared at the back door of the house, “He sure has matured, has he been hiding all that under those sweaters all this time?”
“They need
“You shy all of a sudden?” Dean shoves his hand down Cas’s swim trunks.
Before she makes up her mind, a voice breaks through her thoughts and brings her rocketing back into the moment…
He feels dizzy, and angry with himself for being so careless with his own wellbeing when Jack is nearby and depending on him. It takes him some time to climb out of the hole while trying to keep hold of the flashlight. The sides are steep and slippery with waterlogged earth and his head is pounding painfully.
Cas sits gracelessly at the table, his leg sticking out in front of him, and lets out a groan as he leans back in the chair.
“Ah, ah, ah.” says Castiel, his tone low and daring, “You know the rules, Dean. I asked you to meet up tonight, I will pay…” Castiel meets Dean’s eyes with a small smile and says, “You can pay next time…”
Castiel is sleeping and has an oxygen mask on his face, he looks pale and it upsets Claire to see him so fragile. But, she is so happy to see him that she runs to his bedside and reaches across him to give him a careful hug. Cas opens his eyes warily and sees Claire.
His leg is sore from overuse the previous day, but other than that, he feels good. He had a very pleasant day with Dean, there were times that Cas could swear that Dean had been flirting with him. It made him smile like an idiot when he thought of Dean teasing him about eating ranch dip on his fries. Dean thought it was gross until Cas made him try it, then Dean ate nearly all Castiel’s ranch.
“Have you talked to anyone back home?” one of the men in the small group asks, his wife is sleeping next to him, her head is wrapped in bandages.
“Lunchtime, Dean.”
Feeling foolish and discouraged, he makes his way carefully back to the roof to be by his son’s side, making sure to test the path ahead with a long stick to ensure he has no more accidents.
Cramped together and touching from shoulder to hip, they wait in the closet for almost an hour before hearing the guards make their first rounds of the gallery and Dean checks the time. One guard comes very near the closet and Cas is, once again, frightened that they will be found, he leans closer to Dean. His hand gripping onto the sleeve of Dean’s jacket tightly. When they hear the guards go back into the security office Dean checks the time again.
“Cas, it’s okay if you kiss me back, “ Dean whispered and leaned back in for another kiss. This time cas kisses him back.
He runs to the McDonald’s and grabs their lunch and heads back to find Castiel waiting on the dock of the Grocery store. Cas works as a cashier. They eat their lunch together. Cas talks about summer plans. Dean nods and tries to listen to Cas’s excited ideas of swimming and camping and hanging out.
He doesn’t want Castiel to be ‘watching over him’, he wants him in his arms, he doesn’t want that warm enticing blue sky, he wants to look into Castiel’s eyes and see ‘home’ there. He doesn’t want their last kiss to be… their ‘last kiss’. He wants thousands more and he knows even that would never be enough.
“PAPA?!”
“Mornin’ sunshine,” Dean says, voice still rough from sleep.
“Claire, Claire, Claire,” Dean mutters his daughter's name, as though it is sacred, into her hair as he hugs her, “I can’t believe it, I can’t believe it! I love you, I love you so, so much! Are you alright? You’re not hurt? You’re ok, aren’t you?”
For a moment, Dean thinks that Castiel is going to ask him to stay. The way Castiel looks up at him, his beautiful blue eyes full of concern… concern that Dean could get caught. To reassure him, Dean shoots him a flirtatious wink and grins when Castiel rolls his eyes dramatically.
in the security office.”
“Oh… OH!” Castiel looks back at the sign.
“Off we go!” She calls, raising her fist into the air, “Time to see some sexy people get naked!”
The feeling of being alone, the pain of the loss, the thought that she might never see any of her family ever again… makes her panic and she cries out as the volunteer tries to pull her away from the bed. The tears fall thick and fast, her chest heaves violently and her head is heavy with fog and a building ache from overstimulation of the situation.
“How can your gaydar be so bad?” Charlie asks. “You’re so gay, I’m surprised you aren’t afraid of women.”
Dean nods, never looking up from the magazine he's reading.
“More?” Cas asks, his voice deep and rough.
Dean rubs his fingers gently over where a bandage still overs the cut on his upper arm. Dean smiles as he recalls that Castiel had seemed more frightened when the gun went off than he had. He chuckles to himself as he remembers the man crawling across the floor toward him, looking stricken at the sight of blood on Dean’s arm. It doesn’t really hurt anymore but he doesn’t want to chance getting an infection. He hopes that by keeping it medicated and bandaged, the gunshot, mild as it was, won't scar too badly.
“Yes, Papa.” Claire rolls her eyes and answers, “We’re in room 112. My Dads are Dean and Castiel Winchester and my little brother is Jack. I think we’re clear on everything. Can we, please, swim now?”
“Look, you’re going to be gone, across the friggin’ country at your
“Babe, you were having a nightmare.” Cas hands him a glass of water. “Was it the same one?”
Dean is very patient with Cas as they visit a total of three different car dealers. Dean just smiles at Cas and drives to the next car lot. He knows that buying a new car is a tough decision and that Cas has a lot of tough decisions coming at him right now, he wants to give him the time to choose something he will be happy with, it also keeps his mind off the previous day's events.
Feeling scared but resolved, she drags a rickety wooden chair up to the wall with the list covering it so she can see the top of the list which now reaches the ceiling. She begins reading all the names that are in English, sliding her finger slowly down the names one by one. Her hope reignites as she gets closer and closer to the end, with no sign of any of her family's names being added.
Cas always thought Victor was a jerk. Now, to receive this apologetic email from him was a shock. Castiel wasn’t sure if he wanted to know what was on the video. His mouse hovered over the attachment. He finally, after a moment of deep breathing, clicked on the link.
“No, man. This place sucks,” Brady says straight to his face.
Thanks to everyone reading along, we hope that you are enjoying this story? Much love x
Castiel is crying, the rain is coming down so hard he is soaked by the time he gets into his car. Granted he did fumble with the keys trying to unlock the door with shaky hands, but still, it can’t have been for more than a few seconds. He didn’t even know where he was going, he only knew that he had to get away.
“I’m fine. Dean. It’s my duty to keep you boys safe.” Castiel replies’ and Dean rolls his eyes and bandages Cas’s injured wrist.
Dean ignores his friends, preferring to watch Cain’s smooth moves.
They finally talk about leaving. Well, they try. It turns into the same fight they always have about Castiel’s disdain for the military and Dean’s need to branch out on his own. Neither listening to the other’s point of view. Sammy bangs on Dean’s door and tells them that Dad said to hold it down.
“That’s it, baby. You take it. Take my cock. Take what I give you.”
Cas just stares at him for a moment, all too aware that Dean still has hold of his arm as he tries to keep his balance on his one good leg. He notices for the first time just how green Dean’s eyes are, how they seem to shine in the morning light. “I-I’m sorry,” his voice comes out more shaky than he wanted, which Dean seems to notice if the way he suddenly lets go of Cas’s arm is anything to go by, “I was just… Gimme a minute and I’ll be out of your way.”
“I guess all we can do is hope that he didn’t. I mean, surely he’d figure they hold more loyalty to you than him. You go back to work with your head held high and fucking show him you’re the better man… Not that that was ever in question, of course.”
He ambles to the kitchen to get some coffee in his system. He forgot to set the timer on the coffee maker last night; he’ll have to wait. Standing in front of the open fridge, he downs a glass of orange juice while he tries to think of what to have for breakfast. While he tries to think. He rubs his eyes with his thumb and index finger, pushing against the pain in his head — the coffee finishes. Dean closes the fridge and sits at the table, sipping the hot liquid and trying to think.
Dean smiles, then frowns. What now? He thinks of the best way to meet up.
“I ain’t got time for all that high school drama, Sam. Everything I do is to make it so I can take care of you, of us. Dad only sends enough for the house and the bills. I have to be the best at everything I do, so I can get that full college ride, then I will be able to get a real job making real money. Kiddo then we’ll be all set. Whether Dad helps or not.” Dean bites his short nails, his worst nervous habit. “I still have one more year of high school, and I plan to start taking some college courses before graduation, anything to get me ahead and make sure to get all the scholarships I can.”
He thinks back to the first night he laid eyes on Castiel Novak. It was supposed to have been a simple in and out; get into the house and check a couple of the works of art quickly to see if they appeared authentic, and get out undetected… Of course, that bit hadn’t quite gone to plan. He hadn’t intended for Sam to even find out about his little side experiment, wanting to avoid that bitch-face death-stare that his brother hits him with whenever he does something that Sam doesn’t approve of. Dean just wanted to go and see for himself and he probably would have been alright if he hadn’t stumbled into that stupid chair.
He feels his body, tired and aching, cut into by sharp unseen objects in the dark seawater. His head bumps against something metal, dizzying him. His limbs feel limp and weightless.
“Why did you choose
Mick greets the professor and takes his place at the front of the room so Dean can see him. Mick waits as the students get settled, and the professor gets his things prepared. When things are about to begin, he taps Dean’s arm and signs to him, “Are you ready?” Dean nods and watches Mick and the professor.
Castiel’s eyes glaze over as he stares back at Dean, but then a terribly sad look crosses his face, “I shouldn’t have involved you in any of this… You shouldn’t be here because of me…”
One little fur-ball keeps slipping off the edge of the blanket and whines as she tries to find a place with the others, unsuccessfully. She sits on her rump and looks at Dean, howling a little puppy howl and yip. Dean ain’t moving to solve that little pup’s problem; she needs to learn to solve it herself.. She prances around the puppy pile again, nudging and pawing at the others as they whine or yip or totally ignore her. Finally, she comes over and nips at Cas’s shoe, then crawls over his legs to get to Dean. The whining little pup curls up in Dean’s lap and nuzzles her head between his legs, and Dean smiles up at Cas.
“Oh, shit, sorry Dean.” Cas stuttered, “I - I got it. Gabe hid it from me.” His face would be burning hot if he hadn’t just been digging in the freezer.
“I won’t give up, I’ll find them and I’ll call you when I do, okay?”
’ Dean realizes quickly.
Ishim kisses Castiel on the cheek, “Thanks for sharing, it was delicious.”
He yells out again, “Claire!?” Then strains his hearing in the direction the screaming had come from.
The chance to rest, is the chance to think and Castiel’s mind keeps circling back to one painful question, where are his son and husband? His treacherous mind-eye immediately tries to convince him that they are dead, with nightmarish images of Dean trying to save Jack from the wave, then both of them getting caught in it and being unable to breathe.
When they arrive at the doctor’s, they have to wait almost an hour for Castiel to be called back. Cas is antsy, fidgeting and scratching absentmindedly at the edge of the cast on his leg. His good leg bouncing a little with frustration, he was so close to getting this irritating cast off, why was it taking so long? Dean tries to keep him calm by giving him a gentle squeeze on the shoulder.
◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡
“Dammit, Cas. I’m not your fuckin’ lap dog. I need to earn my own way. I can’t just follow you out East and get some dead-end job.” Dean yells. Cas sniffs.
“Go stand at the foot of the bed.” Ishim directs him.
Dean and Sam walked into Gabe and Cas’s house a little after six-thirty and the music was blaring, Pizzas were arriving, and the cake was on the table. There were some freshmen students standing around talking, and there was a group of older kids in the kitchen trying to tap the keg. Dean just rolled his eyes and chuckled, he could do it, but he’d rather not be an enabler to a bunch of under-age drinking.
Despite his worries for his family, Dean felt grateful to the people of Khao Lak. It was strangers that had offered him food for himself and his son, it was strangers that had wrapped his head in bandages, people he didn’t know and had no way of repaying had helped him. It was awe-inspiring how people had come together, how they had rushed in, sometimes putting themselves at risk to aid others. He hopes he will get the chance to tell Castiel about the amazing acts of kindness he was witnessing.
This is so much worse.
They finish their breakfast and move to Cas’s couch, turning on the TV - but end up making out. After a heavy make-out session, Cas curls up against Dean’s chest, and they actually watch TV until Cas begins to fall asleep. That’s Dean’s clue that it’s time to go. He jostles Cas awake and smiles as Cas rubs his eyes sleepily and yawns. Dean thinks he’s adorable.
Thank you so much for reading, kudos, and comments!
“Eat your food, Princess.”
“Jack, you be good and stay with your friend.” Dean kisses Jack on his forehead and turns to the large hospital. It’s daunting how many people are filing in through the doors, how many people are standing around outside, waiting for loved ones, or waiting to see a doctor. The space outside the doors is completely overcrowded and Dean worries about how long it will take him just to get inside, let alone begin his search.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas noded and allowed himself to step closer to Dean.
Sam ran over and helped Cas up. “Ha ha, loser.” Sam tried to taunt his brother.
“You brushed your teeth, right?” asks Dean, staring suspiciously down at Jack who nods eagerly, “hmm, sniff test.”
In battle situations, Castiel is a master - having several millennia of Heavenly training in the fight between good and evil. Castiel is protective of Dean and puts himself in harm’s way quite often, even when he is without his grace and in human form.
“Cas, I put it off as long as I could. They wanted me to ship out in two weeks.” Dean attempts to placate his boyfriend.
He thinks of Castiel, of Claire, of Jack waiting for him in the truck. Of the faith his son has in him that he will find their missing family. He thinks of Sam, and how he had sounded so certain that Dean would find Castiel and Claire and that he would bring them all home, safely. He thinks of holding his children in his arms, hugging them close to him as Castiel reads them bedtime stories, or tells them tales of how he and their dad met. He thinks of Claire, and how he knows she is going to grow into a strong woman, (a policewoman if she gets her way) and Jack, who desperately wants to be a doctor and help people. He thinks of how he and Castiel had spent many an evening, talking late into the night, dreaming up ideas of what it might be like to watch their kids grow up, fall in love, and start their own families.
Dean smiles wide and begins excitedly telling Cas all about the class, he is in one of his hyper moods, and Cas just smiles and listens as Dean talks. “Casey is so smart, Cas. Oh, and look at the new keychain… I guess I need to put the apartment keys on here, oh and the studio and…” He pulls the grey and pink webbed cord from his pocket, “I wasn’t sure about the pink at first, but Casey loves it. She found it like a pro - oh, man and then when we took a potty break…” Dean continues to gush about the class while he pets Casey on the head and scratches behind her ears, not leaving out any details.
Dean spends the next forty-five minutes chatting with Charlie.
Dean looks at the paper curiously.
He feels the heat of flesh against him as his and Dean’s cocks align and slide against one another. The sensation sends a shiver of arousal through him, and clearly through Dean too as the other man lets out a low moan that Cas catches in his mouth.
Ishim (Wednesday 7:50 PM) > But Castiel, darling, you belong here at home with me.
“Of course, a police investigation would be inconvenient for everyone.” agreed Gabriel nodding as Castiel went on.
Cas stoops to help the fish back into the water.
Castiel and Dean had been together for almost three years (and were ‘disgustingly in love’ according to Sam) before they ever talked about having kids. Finding out that they both wanted children had been a huge relief for each of them and they had then quickly started talking about how that might work. Claire and Jack have the same surrogate mother, Kelly Kline. Claire, who has recently turned eleven, is Dean’s biological daughter and Jack, who will be celebrating his seventh birthday in a couple of months, is Castiel’s biological son but it makes no difference to the dynamic of their family; they are a family, all of them, together.
. I can spend those four years in the Army and get real training for a real career.”
Dean’s thoughts are interrupted when the lights flash; someone is ringing the doorbell. He opens the door to find a tall blonde man wearing a letterman’s jacket. ‘
Just then, as though summoned by his brothers teasing, the front door opens and Sam walks in.
“What am I getting myself into?” He asks the silence of the room.
Castiel nods, “We should move. We should get out of the water.”
Feeling massively overwhelmed Dean hangs up. Sobbing as he tries to hand the man back his phone but the man refuses to take it from him, “You can’t leave things like that. Please, call back.”
“And I won’t ever abandon you like that again,” Dean pulls Cas’s hand to his face and kissed each knuckle. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry… I’m so sorry you got hurt,” Between each kiss. Tears silently dripped down his cheeks. “Please, forgive me?” he whispers just loud enough to be heard.
“Nope.” smiles Dean, shaking his head.
“Dean... No. I can’t… I’m tired...”
“Did he really have his arm around you?”
“He is helping. And so are you.” Dean replies with a small smile.
Cas walks Dean backwards into the room until his legs bump into the end of the bed, with a small push Dean lands on his back on the soft mattress and Cas quickly climbs onto the bed after him. Cas runs his fingers teasingly across the top of Dean’s boxer briefs before hastily pulling them off, finally getting to see all of Dean. He tugs his own underwear down, throwing it over the side of the bed carelessly and lines his body up along Dean’s, finally able to relish in the feel of the warmth of Dean’s skin against his own. He tilts his head slightly, finding that sensitive spot on Dean’s throat. From there he marks a trail of sexy kisses all the way back to Dean’s lips, the bottom of which he captures gently between his teeth for a moment before releasing.
“Dean…” Cas sounds completely broken, saying Dean’s name in a tone barely above a whisper. With a shaky hand, he holds out his phone for Dean to read the message. Dean frowns slightly, pulling the car over into his driveway before accepting the phone, his eyes linger on Castiel’s face for a moment before he looks down at the message. He gasps as his eyes fly over the screen.
Claire sits by his side for a long time before her rumbling stomach forces her to go and find something to eat and drink. She is worried about her papa being so weak and thinks that maybe some food will help him as well. Downstairs, she finds a table set up with lots of fruit and water bottles and she grabs an orange and a bottle of water to take back to share with her papa. She smiles as she walks back toward his bed, feeling grateful despite everything that had happened, that they are safe now, and together.
Dean frowns at Castiel’s car and gives him a worried look.
Castiel carefully, slowly peels the envelope open, pulling out the neatly folded letter. His hands shake slightly as he unfolds the single paper.  His eyes closed; he takes a harsh intake of breath and lets it out slowly.
“It’s the least I can do with my leg so messed up. I can’t go in with you to check the lists. Besides, my boy gets to feel like he is helping by entertaining young Jack.” The man answers, looking down at the two boys who are sitting at their feet, talking quietly.
“Are you close? Are you gonna come for me?” He prompts Dean.
Castiel sees that Claire manages to grab the opposite side of the billboard from him and he watches as she tries to climb on top of it. He startles when a hand reaches out and grabs her arm, but is relieved when he realizes whoever is already on top of the wood is helping to heave her onto it.
Castiel lets his tears flow, soaking the pillow below him.
Castiel is unloading the dishwasher and putting things away as he tells his story. He loves to hear Ishim laugh, it’s such a nice laugh and he has a nice smile too, he really is a handsome man when he smiles. His sandy brown hair is nicely coiffed, that salt and pepper beard trimmed so nicely, and his light blue eyes practically sparkling. Castiel has to admit his boyfriend is attractive and well built on top of everything else.
Dean looks into his eyes and smiles, all of a sudden he’s caught up and present, “Hell yeah you can.”
“Alright gorgeous, this is the point of no return, it’s precisely one minute until closing time. We either walk out with the crowd and go out for a quiet dinner or we stay. If we stay, we’re committed to going through with it, once those doors close… there’s no turning back.” Dean flips through the gallery brochure and doesn’t look at Cas as he speaks. “Do you really want it, that much?”
“Dude, if we don’t hear from you by Monday, Bill knows his address, right?” Charlie squawks. “Should we send a search party?”
Claire doesn’t look convinced, she shakes her head and tears begin to fall down her face. Castiel pulls her into a hug and swipes a thumb gently under her eyes, “Hey, hey sweetheart. Don’t cry. We’re together. We’ll be ok. Now, let’s get in this tree, ok?”
“Okay, Dean.”
Cas hasn’t checked his messages in a couple of days, not since the weekend really. He knows he has several unopened and takes a deep breath as he prepares to look through them. He opens his phone and begins to read through them, one by one....
“True, hmm, I’ll call in the morning. I think if we put a fence up there from that edge to the corner of the house and a line on the other side from the house to the garage, then fill in any other gaps we find, we should be good.” Cas points along the side of the house where there is no fence between his and the neighbor’s houses, then looks from the opposite side of the house to the garage as he motions where the rest of the fence should go.
“I see the cat much here,” the man clumsily signs. Dean knows what he means.
His eyes widen and his heart clenches as he sees the huge wall of water heading towards them. Numb and unblinking he stares in disbelief for another few seconds before time unfreezes and he is able to comprehend what is about to happen. His eyes desperately search the pool for his family and he finds Dean looking back at him, looking as pale and scared as he feels.
It’s been over a week, and Dean still hasn’t found a housemate. He’s had a few more people stop by or email but none of them panned out. He’s starting to feel like it really is him and not the tiny apartment.
Claire goes to bed not long after her brother, each of her dads gives her a kiss on the cheek before she buries herself under her comforter. She drifts off to sleep with the soothing sounds of the ocean in her ears (she won the room with the best sea view).
Dean gives a watery laugh and wipes his eyes with a napkin. Leaning into Cas’s embrace, “You’re already crying!” Dean chuckles before letting out a relieved sigh, “Thank you, Cas.”
“Awe, Angel, you know they love it when I schmooze with the camera. All I talked about was you and your superior airbrush skills.” Dean leans in and kisses Cas on the cheek. “And I bragged on Benny’s magic with the electronics.” Dean rubs his hand up and down Cas’s arm, giving Cas his best pouty face. “Besides, as pretty as she was, she has all the wrong equipment.”
Sam (Thursday 2:07 PM) How’s it going? How’s Cas doing? Jess is okay, we’re watching the Hallmark channel and she’s in TV drama heaven.
Cas notices that Dean’s eyes are rimmed red. He knows that look, he’s seen it in his own eyes, reflected back at him in the mirror, numerous times after fights with Ishim. Dean has been crying. Cas assumes it was the phone call that upset him, he itches to say something comforting to him, but it’s not his place. He doesn’t know what happened between him and his ex and although a part of him really wants to ask Dean if he is alright, that would mean admitting he’d overheard his phone conversation.
“What’s got you grinnin’ like a damn fool?” Benny asks as they drive to the location of the latest call.
Dean blushes; the man doesn’t seem to remember him. “Thanks, you too,” Dean signs. He reaches out and scratches the cat’s head once more before he stands to leave, waving at the man as he turns to go.
Seeing her brings him fresh determination to keep going, he can’t lose her again. He has to reach her and protect her. Claire is frightfully pale as she comes into view; she is holding onto the branch of a tree, until she spots her papa and let’s go to try and swim toward him.
Castiel rallies his garrison and flies to the aid of the innocent soul trapped in the pit.
“Yeah, I know. Right now it still hurts to be up on it so I try not to if I can help it.” Cas smiles shyly, “And you may not be a chef, but dinner was very nice last night, that was the best steak I have had in a long time, I didn’t say thank you at the time, so thank you.”
was going to come to the club. Cas gets into his old beater and drives to work in a better mood than he’s been in since he first saw the man climb that pole.
“Look, I was drunk, okay - and he was hot!” Dean counters, nearly spilling his beer in his excitement.
Dean leans down to kiss him once more. “See you soon. I’ll lock the door on my way out.”
Ishim pulls out and shoves Castiel flat against the bed before spreading Cas open and pushing back into him. Thrusting in and out in a more even rhythm. Cas is happy that the motion gives him some friction against the mattress, especially since Ishim seems to be avoiding his prostate. Cas moves against the bed and back up toward Ishim, trying to get some relief. Ishim finally slams into Castiel’s prostate over and over, causing Castiel to cry out with each hit. Ishim suddenly pulls out and jerks himself a couple of times before coming across Cas’s red ass.
“They aren’t dead,” he says quietly, “they can’t be. They just… can’t be.” As his eyes slip closed again.
She hugs his hand to her face, careful not to disturb any of the wires connecting him to the bleeping machines around his bed, sobering she murmurs, “I can’t believe I found you.”
They had had a discussion last month about Benny moving in with his girlfriend, Andrea. Dean just isn't ready to break in a new housemate.
“Good girl.” Dean gushes, “What a good girl, Casey.” He sits down on the floor and pets her, giving her a small treat as a reward, along with lots of ear scratches and a kiss between her eyes, then he bumps his forehead to hers. “You’re my perfect little girl, Casey.”
They finally reach the hospital and some of the men that had traveled from the village with them lift Castiel out of the back of the truck and carry him inside. There is a lot of shouting but the men rush Cas past the guards and quickly find a nurse to help. Claire follows them, pushing through the crowds of people to stay close to her papa.
Luckily, the other boy in the truck, who has become a friend to him, keeps him distracted, telling him stories and making up games. Jack likes him, he isn’t hurt or scary, he is kind and funny. But even his silly jokes can’t banish the fear that one of these times the truck is going to leave, and his dad won’t have returned, then he would really be alone.
“I’m not used to shooting at people, or being robbed,” the thief squirms as Castiel dabs at his wound with a wet cloth, “don’t be such a baby, it’s only a flesh wound.”
“Cas’s birthday is next week and Gabe’s throwing him a
He sees himself and Claire traveling home alone on a plane, finally being safe but feeling dead inside anyway. He sees them being met at the airport by family and with a lurch of his stomach he realizes it would likely be Sam who would come and get them. What would Sam say if Castiel returned without Dean? How would Sam take it, if he lost his brother? Guilt crashes through him and he can’t help but hold a little tighter on to his daughter, determined to, at least, protect her.
That captures Castiel’s attention, and his eyes flick down to the speaker for a second as though he is expecting to see the radio presenter there, looking at him. Castiel knows, or thinks he knows who the buyer is, his family has always been interested in the fine arts, his parents making their millions buying and selling famous and some not so famous paintings. His brother Gabriel has taken up the mantel and carried on the tradition in their parent’s place. Castiel, however, would rather paint his own canvases, whether it be copying a masterpiece or something original from his own imagination.
“Cas…”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean looked like he wanted to lean down and kiss him, but he fought the urge and sat across from him instead.
Castiel steadies himself and rubs his cheek, “Ishim, I- I went to the gym after work and stopped to get dinner on the way home. That’s it. I swear.”
Dean’s desk phone rings, “Hey, Doc. What’s up?”
“Is he strong enough for surgery right now?” asks Dean, before he can stop himself. He wishes he hadn’t asked that in front of Jack and Claire.
“Jess is much better, she sends her love. She wanted to stay home this evening and relax. She is taking a few days off work, too. I’m going back over after we get your car.” Sam says offering Castiel a reassuring smile.
She peels her eyes from her papa’s face and walks quickly from the room in search of water, making sure to note the way back to his room in her head. While she is getting water at a supply table on the second floor, she looks down over the railing at the first floor and sees a man walking with his back to her, her heart skips a beat when she realizes he is wearing the same ugly swim trunks as her dad.
“Tell him that today has been a good day,” the ‘thanks to you’ goes unsaid as Cas smiles at Dean. Dean replies to Sam.
“Oh,” Castiel smiles, “I got the -”
“She doesn’t seem to like any of the names I’ve tried.” Dean sits on the floor petting his baby girl.
“Of course, Mr. Winchester.” replies the doorman as he steps out onto the street to flag down a passing cab.
“Please?” whispers Castiel, hating himself for what he is asking his daughter to do. If he could stand, he’d look for himself, “I can’t...”
“Wow, Dean! That just doesn’t seem real. It’s amazing.”
Dean (Friday 2:23 PM)> gasp! And after all I’ve done for you
Dean was born deaf and went to special schools for the hearing impaired through middle school, but he begged his parents to let him go to public high school. They agreed as long as he agreed to have an aid to interpret. High school was hard, and he was bullied some, but he still loved being with ‘normal’ people. Now that he’s gotten older and has experienced a little more of real life, he understands that there really is no ‘normal;’ there are just people, all kinds of people.
Castiel follows his brother into the parlor to find exactly what he expected, the ‘Cupid and Psyche’ is leaning on an easel right next to Castiel’s own rendition of it, which is hanging on the wall.
Dean smiles and wraps his arms around Cas.
“So you talked about all that did you?” Gabe asks eyebrow raised.
He thinks about texting Charlie to tell her about the blue-eyed hottie, but he only has about fifteen minutes to get to his apartment before the next potential housemate arrives. And he’s not sure he wants to have that conversation with her if the guy doesn’t even remember him. Instead of texting her he speed walks home. He gets home and tosses his backpack into his room, straightens the towels in the bathroom, and just finishes washing his bowl and coffee cup from breakfast when the lights flash. He dries his hands and hopes it’s not another disappointment waiting for him on the other side of the door. He answers the door with his phone out and ready.
“Thank you, for watching Jack while I go into these places.” Dean says to the man sitting next to him, “I don’t want him to see too much, he is so young.”
“You stupid fuck! What the hell is wrong with you? Can’t you do anything right? You break everything that you touch!”
’ She almost drops it when she gasps with relief.
“Bottomless pit.”
Breakfast goes quickly as the kids are excited to go play at the pool. Dean is more than a little excited himself. He grins over at Cas, who is smiling at him with a raised eyebrow as he finishes his juice. “I can’t help it, the kids’ excitement is contagious.”
Resting for a moment to get his breath back, he looks up at Claire, “Stay there. I’ll be up in a minute.”
Sam gives Dean a hand by setting the table and getting them drinks, while Dean goes to the living room to gently wake up Cas. Cas takes a detour to the bathroom before joining Dean and Sam at the table.
. And he doesn’t want anything more than a friendship. He’s just been through a bad break up and he’s not ready for something else.” Dean tells his partner.
With wide eyes, he looks over at his friend and whispers urgently, “I have to pee,” wiggling about and looking uncomfortable.
Chuck pulls into the parking lot right after the other three enter the building. Chuck is the store manager and problem solver; the guys tend to call him Doc because he is a natural ‘fixer’ of all things customer related.
Even though he has a bit of a limp, Cas is in a great mood. He’s enjoying Dean’s company as they laugh and talk all through their late lunch. He shows Dean his skinny, pale-looking arm and Dean teases him, he blushes and reaches across the table trying to shove at him but Dean leans back out of his reach.
Pulling out his phone, he sees a new text from an unknown number; he opens the text.
’ He thinks as he glances back at the house, no sign of anyone peeking out the windows. He climbs into the truck and heads to their next stop.  Bill teases him about the note. Dean takes it in stride; he doesn’t mind a little friendly teasing.
Dean flops down on his bed. Dejected. Depressed. Destroyed.
Sure enough, the next morning, Dean’s car is parked in the driveway when Sam goes to work. Damn, he should have gone to the house yesterday and confronted Castiel. It’s okay, Ishim can wait. He will get Castieltiel back and will punish him for treating him with such disrespect.
“We should celebrate!” Dean grins, “Let’s go to the Roadhouse; get some good burgers.”
She’d been fighting the urge to get a drink for the past hour, scared to leave her papa’s side again. But now it’s hot and her throat is dry, so Claire gently pats her papa’s hand and says, “I’m going to get us some water. Please, don’t go anywhere?”
Dean sees her eyes drop to the faces of his children before looking back up to him, she steps away and Dean puts Jack down to follow her.
“Be careful Castiel; there are big plans for that little fish.”
Dean huffed out a small laugh, “You wanna know the truth?” Cas nodded again, eyes still on Dean’s. “Yeah, I am. I know this is a game, but, Cas, um, I, can, … Cas, can I kiss you for real?”
Cas tries to give a supportive smile and nods, “Yeah, sure Babe. This is your thing.”
When he finally gets his eyes open, he doesn’t know where he is, his vision is blurry but he can see people all around him. At first, he attempts to bat them away, thinking they are trying to harm him, fighting to catch his breath he struggles to push the hands off him. As his eyesight clears, he looks around and notices that he is lying on a mat on the ground. He watches the women around him, with wide eyes. Relief overwhelms him when he realizes that they are trying to help, he relaxes with a weak sigh and stops fighting them.
“Well, don’t be up on it too much, you need to stay off it as much as possible so it can heal,” Dean tells him, “You know you can just ask me if you need anything? I’m no chef, but I can fix you some cereal or something if you’re hungry.”
“No, Castiel. Not yet. The child must grow and learn. There are big plans for this child.”
Dean’s mouth gaping as he thrusts up into Cas’s hand. “Mmfh, C-Cas,” he grunts.
The pattern remains the same over the next few days. Castiel is quick to put himself between the boys and danger, Dean all the while arguing about Cas needing to be safe as well.
“Dean, I thought you had him blocked.” Sam said concerned, “What did he want this time?”
Dean blinks and realizes the man is talking. “What? Sorry.” he signs.
They sit at the kitchen table and discuss terms. Dean gets them each a glass of water and by the time that they get through talking, Castiel has settled on a date one week from now to move in. Castiel has signed the lease agreement and Dean has given him a key. They exchange phone numbers and bid one another good nigh and Dean sees him out.
Claire nods warily. She wraps her arms around her knees and buries her head in the crook of her arms, crying quietly for quite a while before she can’t stand sitting still any longer. She gets to her feet and walks slowly around the tent looking at the other children, most of them are younger than her. Looking closely, she can see the fear and confusion on their little faces and understands just how they feel. The thought hits her that Jack could be in a place like this all alone and she gasps at the image.
She arrives at the lists and gapes in shock at how they had double, maybe even tripled in size since she and her papa had been brought in. Checking the list for people who were being treated, she sees her name, alongside her papa's, she keeps scanning the list for Jack and her dad’s names too. The flame of hope that had flickered to life upon spotting her own and her papa’s names, begins to burn out as she goes through name after name… finding no more, ‘Winchesters’ on the list.
"I'm sorry, Cas. I can't help it, I don't mean to upset you!"
“Hold on, Claire!” Cas cries out as he reaches across the wood to try and grab Claire’s hand. Just as he reaches Claire’s fingers, the billboard bumps against something underwater and dislodges the little boy from where he was clinging on - he falls with a heartbreaking wail and is pulled under the water. His mother screams for him, searching the surface of the waves desperately for any sign of her son. She looks into Castiel’s eyes, scared but determined, and then dives into the rushing water after her child. Claire looks fearfully at her papa, as though silently begging him not to go. Castiel grips her hand and then looks back at the water to see if he can spot the woman or her son.
Castiel is holding a thin white envelope. His stance is tense, and Dean knows the letter is from his preferred school by the look on Cas’s face.
“Oh, please, everything will be fine. It's only a loan; it's not like I’m trying to sell the thing. I’d never sell this one.” Gabe placates his brother.
Dean sits on his bed and attempts to glue his lamp back together, luckily it hadn’t been shattered into many pieces, just a few larger chunks.
While Cas is pulling on the ugly clothes, Dean pulls out his boomerang.
She reaches the end of the list feeling cold with despair and glances uneasily over to the next list… Dread filling her as she prepares to read the names of those who have died.
Sam nods and takes his things to his room. He comes back out and watches Dean for a moment before speaking up, “Be honest with me. How are you doing? I know you hit Ishim, did you hurt your hands?”
The woman nods her understanding and writes her name on a sticker, placing it carefully on Claire’s shirt.
Love.
Brothers can be such a pain at times.
Cas stands still on the third step and looks straight ahead.
Castiel rolls over and slaps at his phone to shut off his alarm.
The next morning the kids wake up early, running into their dads’ room. Jack jumps up excitedly on the bed and throws his arms around Castiel wrapping him in a warm hug, as Claire begins to poke at the side of Dean’s face laughing when he tries to tiredly swat her hand away. Both children start begging their parents to go to the beach.
“Oh, my engagement ring. I’d forgotten about that,” said Castiel touching the ring lightly.
“Is this your name, sweetheart?” The woman asks pulling Claire from her thoughts as she points to her arm.
While they were eating and talking, Dean received a text from Sam, he pulled his phone from his pocket to look at the message.
“NO,” Cas cuts him off, “You’re fine. I don't have to be at work until eight tonight. I can sleep this afternoon. I’m enjoying having this time with you.”
“O-okay, then. I’m - I’m going to let you go,” he says, but as he begins to lay the gun on the table, intending to allow the man to pass him safely, his finger gets caught on the trigger, and it goes off with a loud bang. Startled he drops it and dives for cover, hiding behind the wall.
“Well, you said I could have it.”
“Gabe, you know, I don’t need the original. I studied that painting long enough to paint it myself,” says Castiel pointing rather needlessly to his own canvas.
“Oh, no I couldn’t…” Dean looks into the man’s eyes and sees nothing but kindness. He takes the phone from him with trembling hands and dials.
Dean whimpers and kisses Cas, raising his hips to chase the much-needed friction against Cas’s body.
“Gabe will you listen, I caught a thief in our house tonight.” the look Castiel was giving Gabriel, made him stop in his tracks and frown slightly.
Dean drops his head then looks over at the bar and sighs. He knows Charlie won’t leave him be if he doesn’t at least go check the guy out. So he stands and makes his way across the crowded barroom. He watches the man as he walks. The man seems to be alone talking to the bartender.  Oh, he’s paying his tab. Dean changes trajectory and aims to head the man off. They literally bump into each other just before the man reaches the door.
He clambers up to the highest peak of a slanted, crumbling rooftop, looking out over the decimated grounds of Khao Lak. His throat tightens and his eyes mist up with tears as fear engulfs him, somewhere out there, somewhere amongst the wreckage of buildings, the sludge, and the bodies was his family.
“I think she agrees!” Dean laughs. “Hey let’s get our trunks and let her get in the pool with us.”
“Um, he just, uh, oh, complimented me on how good I look now. He likes my muscles.” Cas sat there with his mouth open staring out the front window, realizing what had surpassed. ‘
“It’s a funny feeling,” Dean nods, still flabbergasted that it really worked.  “Ready for phase two?”
This can’t be real. Papa was just here… he has to be here somewhere… he just has to.
Cas swallowing hard, his mouth dry all of a sudden, “Yes. Yes, Dean, please.”
Castiel readjusts and wraps his arms around Dean’s neck, leaning in he kisses him properly. Gentle kisses turn into a regular make-out session.
Mid-afternoon, Cas wakes from a nap to hear Dean talking, he assumes he must be on the phone. He can’t understand much of what he’s saying because Dean’s door is shut, but he does hear him when he starts yelling.
They start off early with obedience training; the earliest Casey could start therapy training classes is six months old. Puppy Kindergarten is nothing like Dean expected; there is a lot of hard work for the humans and the dogs. So far, Casey and Dean have a lot of homework. Dean has a regular schedule for feeding and walking Casey; they work on the things they learn in class. Casey catches on quick, she walks next to Dean with no strain on the leash, comes when called, is able to retrieve items they practice with, and she goes to the door and whines to go out when she needs to potty.  Cas is proud of how well Dean has taken to the tasks of training a dog, every new task that Casey learns is praised, and Dean preens with pride. It seems that the routines keep Dean in the right frame of mind, giving him a schedule is always helpful.
They have to wait about an hour before Castiel wakes up after the operation, but compared to how long he was in surgery it felt like nothing. When he does he’s a little loopy from the medicines the doctors had given him but he looks better than he did before the surgery. Dean can tell just from his cheeks, which hold a little more color now and it fills him with relief. Castiel is also no longer on oxygen and his breathing is that much better that he doesn’t require a mask any longer.
Dean looks away. He’d gone out with Aaron for about a month way back in his first semester. They’d met at a social hosted by the club for the hearing impaired on campus. Aaron was sweet. Dean thought they’d be good together, but they never worked as a couple. They parted as friends and Dean still sees him around now and then.
They, and several other people they are grouped with, climb into the back of a truck. The roads are littered with debris and in many places are completely buried under mounds of silt and sand.
“I - I couldn’t open it alone,” Castiel murmurs in a hushed tone.
“I hope spaghetti is okay for dinner, I don’t feel much like cooking tonight.” Dean calls over his shoulder.
Claire looks at her hands, “My Uncle Sam. But, I don’t remember his phone number.”
It feels good to be able to help out even if it’s only a little bit.
Dean nods, gulping the water.
“I look forward to meeting her.”
“He’s not with you?”
Castiel’s face snaps to the side to look at the man, “What!? I can’t drive a stolen car!”
Ignoring him, the man looks at his arm and says, “A thing like this could keep me out of action for a week.” he pouts and looks up at Cas with his big green eyes.
“Would you like -” Cas starts.
He turns on the spot, scanning the area, searching for any sign of his loved ones. He takes in the many fallen trees, the ruins of houses, the scattered rubble and garbage, the foul-smelling seaweed and tiny shimmering bodies of dead fish, the cars crushed into the sides of the few walls still standing. He sees other people looking lost and shell-shocked as they wander across the wasteland that the brutal wave had left behind. He hears them calling out for their families, he watches them bend down to check body, after body. Occasionally, they manage to pull someone from the mud, even more sporadically - that person is still alive.
