"No, the original information was provided by our Interpol liaison." The way she said that, it was obvious she had her doubts about the validity of it. "Maybe there's nothing going on. Maybe I've just grown paranoid with these political games going on above me, but I don't like this. I wanted to tell you to be careful out there. Keep your eyes and ears open, and watch your back."
"Okay, I know where you all stand," Tony said, clearly not convinced, frowning, his lips pursed. "I think I might still take a day to think about this."
"So, I've been thinking," Tony said, sounding casual, his arms crossed behind his head—though Steve could tell he wasn't feeling casual at all. "This matching thing. We didn't really finish the conversation."
The medical monitors bleeped, and Bruce let out a snort of a chuckle. Of course they’d be setting off alarms for raised vitals when they were getting all hot and bothered. He turned to the display, finger going to the button to silence the alarm, then froze as he saw the numbers.
"I just wish they could see you the way I do," Steve said. He stepped closer to Tony, blocking his view of the window, and pulled him into a tender kiss. He tried to memorize everything about it; the softness of Tony's lips contrasting with the scratch of his beard and moustache, the scent of his skin, the weight of his nose pressed against Steve's. All of that, and his unending excitement at the fact that if someone caught them at it, no one would mind seeing two men kissing.
The neuropsych team advised that it would be best for Tony's friends to meet him one on one, not all at once, to avoid overwhelming him. By popular vote, Steve was given the first turn. He told the others that he didn't need it, and that maybe someone else should start, because they had all spent much more time with Tony over the years than he had, and were, in that sense, more familiar to him. They'd insisted on it, pointing out that Steve had been the last person to talk to Tony, so it would make sense for him to be the first, too.
Steve had seen the wine being poured from a single bottle, so he supposed this was fine. Even if Hammer had been behind the assassinations, Steve doubted he'd go for something as crude as poison. Steve wasn't going to spend the meal suspecting each drink and dish unless he found an obvious reason to worry.
Miss Potts approached him in confident steps, her smile faltering only slightly. "No, not me," she replied. "I'm here to represent my employer, Tony Stark."
His life turned into a dull monotony of frustrating, maddeningly slow work. He still didn't know what time of day it was outside the dungeon that was now his entire world. James, who'd apparently been designated as his primary keeper, seemed to show up at regular intervals to take him to the Vault. Tony had started to think of that as morning. For all he knew, it might've as well been midnight. He missed the sun terribly, and not just because he needed it to replenish the sunstone. Spending day after day staring at the same stone walls would've driven him out of his wits if not for his building project and the company of his fellow prisoners, Seren in the cells and Pearly-eye the
"Yes. I'm getting you out of here, but we have to hurry," she insisted, her hand tugging at Steve's.
"Not all by myself," Tony replied modestly. "The design is mostly me, with plenty of input from Jarvis. The actual work involved several other people too."
"Not the same situation," Tony said defensively. "But it doesn't really matter. I'm convinced I can pull it off either way. So. Step one, someone kills Obie in his current clone," he held up fingers as he listed the steps. "Two, I let the download from his most recent external backup go through to the next clone and then contaminate the backups on Luna. Three, another someone kidnaps the clone, which will then be the only remaining instance of Obie's mind. Four, we explain the situation to him and watch him fold."
"Well, you've got your chance now." Tony smiled, and leaned in for a kiss. It was just a quick peck; another enticing touch of heat against Steve's lips. The suddenness of it was enough to leave him slightly dazed.
"He went on an expedition—he and the rest of his team. They were gone for over a month. I think it was somewhere in South America? Or Central, maybe? I'm not sure. Exploring all kinds of exotic places with ancient ruins is what he does," Jan explained, as if she wasn't sure whether Steve knew that. "He used to do it before the war, and went back to it, after."
Pepper was quiet for a beat, and when Tony glanced at her, the look she gave him was shrewd. "It's not really about matching, then, is it? Being a match with someone doesn't make you fall in love, you know. That's not how it works."
No one can really blame him if he lets out a yelp of surprise and almost drops the car battery at the sight, because lying on the floor against the wall, it looks perfectly human: a blond man, maybe late twenties in age, wearing army fatigues. Together with the muscular-looking build, that suggests it's a military model. A second look reveals damage to its side that was initially blocked from view, with patches of plastic and broken wiring that make it obvious this corpse is artificial.
He tilts back Tony's head to make sure his airway is open, and spends seemingly endless moments trying to confirm whether he's breathing. Steve's convinced that for him to still be alive, surely, he must be, but it doesn't seem like his chest is rising and falling at all. Finally, resting his cheek over Tony's mouth and nose and listening carefully, holding his own breath, Steve is able to catch a soft puff of exhaled air.
A very quick check of the tools that they had on the development server revealed it was still all command-line. How quaint.
He hoped he hadn't wasted too much time trying to decide what to do. It hadn't been that many hours since he'd left Stark in his cell, but whatever had struck him had seemed so sudden and severe that Bucky was nevertheless afraid he might be too late.
"And there we go. Just keep your mouth shut, will you?" Rumlow yanked Stark backwards by the shirt collar and shoved him against the nearest stone wall; the way his head collided with it made Bucky wince in sympathy.
"Uh-huh. My chroniclers may have embellished a few details, but most of it isn't too far from the truth," Stark explained, sounding entirely honest. "You read it, then?"
Stark didn't react. His head lolled forwards, his chin falling against his chest, and instead of another breath, there was a soft huff followed by ominous silence.
"I haven't. Although I've spent a few years of my life trying to figure out what's going on in there. I think I got a lot of it wrong, back when you were young." Steve placed his hand on top of Tony's head, caressing his hair. It was matted with sweat and sticky with blood here and there.
Focusing on the view again gets him no closer to figuring out his geographic location. He's convinced he's somewhere high up in the north, going by how cool the weather is for late June and the complete lack of trees. Russia seems like a good guess.
"No," Tony admitted, looking away again. "Those bad things I did, I didn't mean to. At least I don't think I did. I hope I didn't. I wish I could be sure." He wasn't making a whole lot of sense, but it was plain as day how much this upset him. "I need to figure this out, and I need to fix it. I can't do that without some answers. That's why I've got to do this, and I've got to do it alone." It sounded like he was trying to convince himself rather than Steve.
The strutter would walk on dry land, if he somehow miraculously managed to power it, but it wasn't fully waterproofed. He'd need at least another full day of work to finish it, and he didn't think he had that long.
The group of Tony's drones marched in, arranging themselves in a row exactly opposite Hammer's. Looking at them, the contrast in the designs was even more obvious, like the difference between a sports car and a wagon.
Beyond his window, the waking city bathed in soft morning light. Steve sighed, got up and dressed, heading for the communal kitchen. He kept the phone in his pocket, with the volume turned to the highest setting. He didn't expect Tony to reply, but if he did, he didn't want to miss it.
"About time. You're a very difficult person to get hold of," Tony replied, saying neither his nor Maya's name aloud. If Steve didn't have such good hearing, he wouldn't have learned much at all from Tony's side of the conversation.
If Stark and the dinosaurs were actually having proper conversations, Bucky had no idea what they were saying. Maybe they were making escape plans. Maybe Stark's plea to get out of the dungeon was a part of that, a move in a game Bucky didn't understand.
Steve would've had a lot of thoughts to share about that, about how his views on this specific frame had changed over the past weeks, and what plans he had for its future, but now really wasn't the time. "As fake frames go, it's decent," he said modestly, and spread his legs to give Tony even better access to said frame.
Natasha shook her head. "No, and he doesn't know I'm here. Or that you are, for that matter. I know you've got a lot of questions. Come with us, and you might get answers to some of them."
Tony smiled back at him, not seeming overly bothered at Steve's attention. No doubt he was as used to fame as Steve was, especially since he didn't have a secret identity. "No problem, I get that a lot," he said. "You're thinking about that Stark fellow, aren't you?"
All his past anger at Steve feels entirely meaningless and petty. Steve was trying to help him, wasn't he, in his own condescending way? Tony should've taken it for what it was, and put aside his grudge for at least a few days. It's obvious that the situation would look very different if they hadn't gone their separate ways.
Sharing a bed just to sleep wasn't something Steve and Tony had done in the past, and any hugs and cuddling had tended to be brief and of the post-coital variety. That made what could've under some other circumstances been a suggestion of simple, friendly closeness feel far more meaningful.
"Well, you go back to him then," Tapio says, casting a glance at Steve and nodding towards the hut. "I will come to you when I have news."
Tony glanced up at him, looking incredulous. "Uh, yeah, you missed something, like a few minutes of me completely freaking out. See, you seemed to be really enjoying it, and I'd just hit the good part myself, when you kind of twitched a couple of times and then zoned out completely. I think you stopped breathing, too. I couldn't wake you up. Shit," Tony shook his head. "I thought I'd broken you somehow."
He should've seen this coming. He'd been taught about this kind of thing in his training. Too much exposure to realistic VR would leave anyone questioning the world around them. Even with the superficial memory modifications that kept him functional, Tony would remember enough of what he'd been through over the decades to give him a bad case of such doubts.
Tony was the first to move, but just enough to place a hand on Steve's knee, raise his head and press his forehead against Steve's other thigh. "That was nice," he murmured into it.
The problem was, even three years after they'd first met, being in a room with Steve while not in the suit was every bit as intoxicating as it had been to begin with. It was one of the reasons people cited for why matched relationships tended to last longer than non-matched ones: those new relationship feelings of infatuation could persist for years. Possibly also the reason why unrequited crushes on matches could last forever—except that by now, Tony had finally managed to convince himself that whatever was between him and Steve, it couldn't be a regular match like most PINCS had.
"Except to sleep," Tony said. He turned onto his other side, so he could settle properly in Steve's arms, his back against Steve's front.
"So, Captain, you've had a long day. Anything I can get you?" Tony asked, his voice casual, although Steve thought there was some tension to it, still. "A bite to eat? Something to drink? You've probably noticed this place is pretty frugal, so there's no running water, but don't worry, I've got plenty to spare. Oh, and the privy's outside, if you need that."
Of course, his protectiveness was unnecessary and misplaced. The dinosaur was friends with Stark. More so than Bucky was.
They stayed like this, in silence, for a moment that stretched on. Resting against Tony's side, wrapped in the blanket, Steve felt more warm and cozy than he would've thought possible in these gloomy passages. The quiet surrounding them didn't feel half as oppressive when he could hear the whisper of Tony's breathing next to his face and feel the soft thrum of the repulsor pump under his palm.
"Yes, looks like him," the younger Northerner acknowledge. "Like I said, Stark. If you come with us and help the humans instead of serving the monsters, they're free to go," he promised Tony.
More from sound than sight, Steve realized that Tony's free hand had gone to his own cock, stroking himself lazily while using his mouth to drive Steve crazy. That was enough to dispel Steve's lingering concerns that Tony might be too nervous to be having fun.
It was strange to think that Steve's street level getaway had taken place less than a day ago; it felt like much more time had passed than that.
"Technically, your frame's only got a couple of months worth of mileage. This poor old thing is ancient in comparison," Tony joked, striking a pose, head thrown back and hips pushed forwards, showing off how hard he was.
This was an Italian place located in an Italian quarter; Steve was very obviously not Italian. Rather, he knew he had enough features to identify him as Irish. If this was a mafia hangout, it might've been a better approach to wear the costume after all.
Maybe the explanation for all his perplexing feelings was that they weren't really his at all, but Tony's. It could even explain why Tony was behaving like he was. If he'd already figured this out and didn't want it, of course he'd be in a hurry to get away from Steve.
Tony runs his hand up and down Steve's back, beaming at him. "Good. I think that sounds good. Different, but then, so are you."
"I lost it in the crash," Bucky explained. He felt more self-conscious about it than he'd ever been before.
The note had been so concise that Tony couldn't help but feel suspicious. "Tony, we really need to talk," it had said, followed by an address, a time, and a date. The signature, just "Maya," without the last name, had been written in a hand that definitely looked like hers. Then again, he didn't know her all that well, and such things weren't difficult to fake.
Steve placed his other hand on Tony's other shoulder, and pressed his lips against Tony's in a soft, lingering kiss. As always, Tony relished the cool touch and the fearless, unhesitating way Steve faced him.
“That part did happen,” Steve admitted. He could feel his cheeks heating up. “Look, Tony, I want to apologize for taking advantage of you like that, it was–”
On the other hand, they weren’t in a hurry. The quinjet provided them with perfect shelter from the weather—it wasn’t even that hot, currently—and they had food and water to last several days. So far, whoever had shot them down hadn’t come back, suggesting that the hostiles were only concerned about defending their lair when someone got too close, and were currently satisfied with having neutralized the approaching Avengers.
He risked a glance at the quarantine room, where Steve was currently pulling off Tony’s tank top. Tony was gazing at him with such open lust that just seeing it made Bruce feel like a dirty voyeur.
Tony turned to stare at Steve, frowning and blinking. Steve guessed he was going through a train of thought similar to his when he’d regained consciousness. Steve let him work through it, and sure enough, after a while, Tony’s eyes went wide and his mouth fell open. “Shit,” he swore. “Holy shit. Did we fuck?”
"No," Bucky said firmly. "Not until you've proven you're really on our side and won't try to escape."
He's abandoned Tony out here in the untamed highlands. Tony, who's used to five-star hotels and an endless arsenal of gadgets. Steve assumes the kidnappers took everything he had, leaving him with nothing but the clothes on his back, which are as ill-suited for the setting as Tony himself. Tony was prepared for summer weather, and wherever they are, although the sky is clear and sunny, the air is brisk. The current temperature can't be much above 50.
He'd been through a similar experience before. He knew what a living hell virtual torture could be. In frame space, you could only kill someone once, and then you'd need to put them in a new body if you wanted another round. That was inconvenient, expensive, and required trained staff. In virtual reality, you wouldn't have to deal with any of the practical issues; you could just restart the scenario after your victim died. It felt exactly as real, every bit as painful, and it could go on and on and on for days in the victim's personal experience while mere hours passed in the outside world.
Besides, it could still turn out that Tony wasn't the culprit, after all, and it was all a web of lies and misunderstandings that Tony was attempting to sort out.
Tony should be the one soothing Steve; Steve's the person trying to deal with newly discovered emotions he's not equipped to handle, thinking he's somehow broken when he really isn't. And Tony certainly doesn't deserve his sympathy.
"Okay?" Steve seemed taken aback, but nevertheless motioned at an unoccupied stretch of rock at the outskirts of the camp. "Over there? If this is about me and Tony, I can guess it must be a big surprise to you, and—"
He'd originally accepted everything his rescuers had told him without question. Looking at all of it in a different light, he wasn't sure about anything anymore. He'd been told the dinosaurs were terrible beasts, and he'd believed that, because it fit what he'd heard about them before the island, and what he'd seen of them here—but the dinosaurs he'd been introduced to had been held captive and turned into training targets. They'd had to choose between fighting or death.
Steve shook his head. "I'm fine. Still a safer driver than you." Steve grabbed his helmet and offered the spare to Tony.
She sighed and turned to face him, her face very serious. "Yes. He has." She stepped closer to him, her hand on his arm, her lips right next to his ear. "He's not the man you used to know, Steve. Things aren't what they seem," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "Be careful."
"Okay, I get that it was a little inconsiderate of me," Tony admitted, making placating gestures with his hands. "But I couldn't afford the time it'd take to grow a clone, and a fake modeled after your birth body would've been too fragile to be of any use to a bodyguard. I just thought you'd feel more familiar in something resembling your old self."
"Well, I tried," Ultron said, as they finally started to slow down and came to a smooth stop. "Don't blame me when you meet your untimely death."
Tony was well aware of all the horror stories, from the lawsuits by homophobes who'd gotten same-sex matches to the case where an underage girl had managed to slip her genome into a database and ended up stalked and harassed by her very much adult and all too entitled match. This had to take the cake, though.
Steve sets Tony down on the bed, stretching out his legs and laying his arms by his sides. With the low light hiding his deathly pale complexion, it looks as if he might be just sleeping.
Steve didn't sit down, but took up pacing, his eyes skimming over the decor. The gold-trimmed velvet curtains, ornate furniture and carpets were probably worth several months' salary. It might've impressed him more if he'd been feeling less grouchy. It wasn't just that Tony was somehow constantly one step ahead of him. He was also angry at himself for getting so worked up about the whole thing, and that translated into an irrational annoyance towards Tony, as much as he was also intrigued by the man. All in all, he was failing spectacularly at staying objective and detached.
He sat up on the divan to reach for the cup of coffee on the table, only to find out it had gone cold. He drank it anyway, wishing it were something stronger. Unfortunately, Bruce's lab didn't come with a bar. He should fix that. In case of emergencies. Which he always seemed to be having plenty of.
"Of course, there's no telling how this is going to pan out, but if it turns out this study isn't some kind of a freak coincidence, the biotech industry is going to get even hotter than it's been so far," Pepper spelled out what Tony had finally realized, too.
Tony leaned his head on Steve's shoulder, his hand squeezing Steve's bicep. "Yeah. You know I do. I've been away for too long already. I can't expect Jarvis to do all my work for me, after all. Besides, even though Sam's family might make the exception, the other inhabitants of Canyon City won't. I'm not welcome there."
Tony took a step closer, his eyes narrowing. "I might, if I had the slightest idea what you're talking about. I don't know what she's told you," he cast a quick glance at Maya, "but it's all lies. I've already said it and I'll say it again: I don't have an artifact to give!"
No matter what Fury had said, Steve couldn't shake the concern that Hydra would try to make a move and attempt to murder Tony in his sleep to avoid dealing with the inconvenience of his return. It'd be all too easy—practically the flick of a switch. So Steve kept watch, scrutinizing every staff member that visited the room to be sure they weren't up to anything nefarious. Technically, there were supposed to be visiting hours, but the staff quickly accepted his combined role as bodyguard and next of kin, probably thanks to Fury. Steve turned away a few employees that he found suspicious, and some of them didn't end up coming back. He never found out whether he'd prevented murder attempts or just intimidated some poor nurses only trying to do their job.
He realized the bottle was empty, and annoyingly, had to get up to fetch another one. He was a little dizzy, but not so much it'd slow him down. Clearly could do with a few more drinks.
Steve shakes his head and avoids Tony's eyes. "I shouldn't be like this. I was meant to be the perfect soldier, but I'm broken. You know who they based my design on? Why they called me Steve?"
"I'd never expected that, coming from you. I didn't know what to say, and I was preoccupied with the next day's mission. So, I thought maybe it was for the best to leave it for later. And that was one of the last things I thought about when I lay on the cold concrete, betrayed and dying. Regret that I'd never get to have that conversation," Steve finished.
Since Tony had the irresistible combination of persuasive skills and a fat wallet, he did manage to talk the receptionist into fetching them a bite to eat. They didn't revisit the serious conversation while they waited for it. Instead, they just went back to rolling in the hay, or more specifically, to leisurely mutual hand jobs. Luckily, the knock on the door didn't interrupt anything too intense, and it only took Tony a minute to make himself more or less presentable so he could accept the delivery. The bills he handed out in return must've been the most money ever paid for a thermos of coffee and some slightly squashed bagels.
Steve would have to be careful about how he returned to the Tower, to make it look like nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Natasha and Barton saw him to the lower levels of the other police station, where he met Detective Coulson again.
"So, you see, there are reasons why I never tell anyone this particular story," Tony concluded, his hand brushing Steve's arm lightly under the blanket.
"I'm proud to continue my family's tradition of fighting the oppression," the Mayor declared, holding her chin up proudly—again, Bucky could almost see an echo of Steve in her demeanor. "Which is more than you can say for yourself. But now's your chance to change that."
"Sir. You have a visitor," JARVIS says, firmly, like he's been telling that to Tony several times already.
"We'll try our best, of course," Jarvis promised. "I've sent out word to the elders of several nearby towns, calling them to a meeting on the day after tomorrow. Hopefully they'll have more insight into this. Maybe they'll also be able to spare a few volunteers to join our rescue party."
One of the receptionists joined him to show him the way to Tony's suite, although he would've known how to get there on his own. Not because he'd woken up there earlier—he'd left the clinic through the private exit, back then—but because he had memorized the blueprints for their failed attempt to take down Stane. For a brief moment, he wondered what would've happened if they'd succeeded, but quickly pushed aside that train of thought. They'd play with the hand they'd been dealt. No point in speculating.
The last thing he remembers clearly is taking a cab from the city hall to the hotel in Oslo. He stepped out, and then—he thinks he was attacked, probably kidnapped, but the details are a disjointed mess of masked figures and futile attempts at fighting them off and commotion all around him. He might have been on an airplane afterwards, but he's not sure about that part. The number of gaps in his memory is disconcerting. Adding up those and the headache, he guesses he was drugged.
Bucky couldn't stop thinking about the Mayor's words earlier. He wondered how, exactly, he was supposed to keep Rumlow in check, when Rumlow saw him as little more than an ignorant kid. Besides, it wasn't impossible that Rumlow was right to take such a cautious attitude towards Stark. Bucky really was new to everything that was going on in this island, and learning more every day.
He hadn't taken more than two sips out of his first cup. Even though they were in a cafe, the coffee was worse than what Tony's workshop had to offer. The place was on the 15th floor and it showed. It was cheap, dirty, and entirely self-service, with a wall full of dispensers for drinks and snacks. They were in this particular place only because it was in the same building as the Better You clinic, though almost two hundred floors lower.
"Hi. I'd like a beer, please," Steve addressed him, keeping his tone and expression carefully neutral.
Tony opened the entry in plain text form and scrolled through an endless stream of A, T, C and G on the screen, marveling at the thought that these letters were the code that made Steve who he was. He ran a finger over a line, tracing it. What sequence would be the one that determined the particular pale shade Steve's skin? The blue of his eyes? The curve of his eyelashes? Where were the proteins whose expression levels the super soldier serum and the vita-rays had tweaked to turn him into Captain America?
"Tony—what's going on between us?" Steve blurted out. He hadn't meant to say it, not really, but in the intimate setting of the dark bedroom, it didn't even feel out of place. "I know I can be stubborn and I've been called self-righteous, may even have deserved that," he went on, "but honestly, I can't figure out what it is I've done to you that you can barely stay in the same room with me for two minutes."
Tony's cheek is still stained with mud. That's not right. Steve picks up one of the moth-eaten blankets piled up on the bed, to use its corner to wipe away the dirt. Working on that, one hand on Tony's neck to tilt his head, he makes an unexpected, joyful discovery.
Tony walked into the hand-washing area of a public restroom, where he pulled a gun out of a shoulder holster and, without hesitation, took aim and fired. It was a blaster of some kind, a new design Steve wasn't familiar with. The results were not pretty; the force of the blast flung Tony backwards and nearly severed his head at the neck. There was a lot of blood. Even though Steve had seen plenty of bloodshed, and even though he'd just been talking to Tony and knew he'd survived the incident, watching it still made him shudder, his throat tight, his hands clenched in fists.
Steve walked down a few steps into a room with a low ceiling and dim lights. The music was loud enough to drown most conversations. If Lorenzo's had seemed like a perfectly ordinary restaurant, everything about this place screamed "gangsters" to him. That probably meant that any truly important interactions would take place elsewhere, but then again, all Steve wanted was to find someone who knew something about Simon, and for that, this seemed like a much better starting point.
"Hey, Steve! Tony's awake," Jarvis called out, letting go of Tony's hand. "Try to take it easy, will you?"
He flew back to the Avengers compound and retreated to his workshop, putting it in full lockdown mode.
Rhodey must've recruited Pepper as well: she called Tony and demanded him to explain what mysterious Avengers business required several days of full-time work from a genetics lab. He refused to tell her. Luckily, he'd never mentioned his anti-INCS gene therapy idea to either of them when he'd first come up with it, so all they could do was guess.
A small crowd of onlookers had gathered to witness the incident. Steve decided to approach them first, instead of disturbing the firemen who were clearly hard at work. Some of the people seemed like they'd just been passing by, dressed in regular street clothes, while others must've hurried out of the building in various states of dress, or rather, undress.
He keeps pulling at the paracord until he's recovered his precious tech, and turns off the devices. The batteries should last several days if he only uses them for this, and really, there's not much else he can use them for. Well, except maybe for recording last messages, in case of the worst, but he won't need that.
A conversation with the policemen confirmed what the fireman had told him: the burn victim who'd been taken to the hospital had been identified as a small-time crook who went by the name of "Suave Simon". He'd been in so much pain and coughing so badly that they hadn't gotten anything coherent out of him regarding what had happened, but just knowing who he was made his presence at the site of this fire suspicious. In addition to a few tidbits of information about Simon, the policeman also gave Steve a list of known haunts for the man, in case he wanted to go looking for Simon's friends and accomplices.
The sensations, so close to overwhelming, brought to mind everything that had happened last time, and Steve's body was quick to respond. All they were doing was kissing, and his cock was already starting to strain against the tight confines of his costume. Tony would feel that, too, the way they were pressed together, his body sandwiched between the door and Steve. Realizing that suddenly made Steve awfully self-conscious.
"What's that? Do you have something against androids?" Steve asks sharply, his eyes narrowing as he looks from Rhodey to Tony.
"Would you mind answering a few questions?" Steve suggested. If he couldn't talk to Tony, interviewing the people close to him might help him get a better idea of what was going on.
"How can we know Stark didn't go willingly?" asked the white-haired man from Bent-Root. "I've heard rumors that he's been struggling to fit in. Perhaps he wanted to take his chances with the Northerners, instead."
“I understand.” I said, my mind returning to the discovery I made “I am going through something similar, I think”
“Keeping all of that shit inside isn’t doing him any good. I’m worried about him.” Tony took a sip of his whiskey
“Steve’s going to be mad if you’re late again” Peter shrugged before walking out of my room, making sure to flip the light on as he left.
Peter’s lip quivered and Pepper rubbed his back. I took a bite of an apple but wasn’t hungry. I decided to go upstairs to see what the commotion was about.  I knocked on the bedroom door but they couldn’t hear me over the yelling so I opened it. Dad and Tony stopped yelling and looked at me. I looked around the room and saw clothes everywhere. Luggage was strewn across the bed and a picture frame was broken on the dresser. Dad had his military uniform on with his bag slung over his shoulder.
He just laughed and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, which Tony didn’t approve of at all but Loki was already gone before he could protest.
“Eleanor, I’m sorry that I left. I wish with everything in me that I had taken you right then and ran, but Hydra would have found me.”
I stayed in my room the rest of the day. Peter had tried to get me to play with him but after throwing a pillow at his face he decided to give up and go to Ned’s. I didn’t feel like talking to anyone so I avoided MJ’s texts. Loki was patiently giving me space, only texting me to tell me he would see me at school on Monday.  Around six there was a knock on my bedroom door.
A nurse and doctor emerged from behind a set of double doors and called for Frigga’s family members. Thor wasn’t back yet so Loki and I stood and walked over to them.
“No?” Peter perked up at the mention of new people in the school and looked around to see if he could see them
Peter peered up at me through the hood before sighing and removing the material from his head. I gasped as I saw that his right eye was bruised and swollen.
“Blackmail, brainwashing, torture” Tony rolled his eyes “I get it, Steve. I’m just amazed at how stupid I am”
“That behavior is not acceptable, Eleanor. This is why I can’t have you staying here with Tony, he has no sense of responsibility and just lets you kids do whatever you want”
“Let me tell you a story.” He leaned back against the bench and put his arm around my shoulders “You remember me telling you about my parents right?”
"Are you sure? Everyone here always seems so friendly," Steve said. It was difficult to imagine these kind and smiling people—either human or dinosaur—holding a grudge against anyone.
He stays where he is, his cheek resting against cold, hard rock, and closes his eyes. Some light seeps through his lids, making sleep even more elusive.
"Important biotech project that'll require my full attention for a few days," Tony replied. It was entirely true, if a bit vague.
Steve may have started his existence as a machine pretending to be a person, but clearly, he's now crossed some threshold, and he's no longer pretending. Everything he's said during this conversation sums up to the staggering conclusion that he's sentient and self-aware—and going by what Steve has said, the same thing happened to the two SR100s that came before him.
"I'm not leaving you. I'm going to tell you why I'm different from all those virtual constructs," Steve said. He shrugged off his jacket—the same one he'd had in frame space, since his frame and clothes had simply been mapped into VR as they were—and draped it over Tony, moving in to sit next to him, close enough that their sides touched.
Steve sighed and rubbed at his eyes. "Yeah, no need to remind us of that," he muttered under his breath.
"You are very lucky—I did," Tapio says. "They will send a chopper. Less than half hour and it is here."
"Does the word 'Maya' mean anything to you?" Steve tried, going out on a limb. Wouldn't hurt to ask her.
Steve had been convinced there couldn't possibly be anyone left alive after the fire, and yet, it seemed like there was. They must be horribly burned, in need of immediate medical attention.
The doors opened without so much as a whoosh, and one of the drones shoved Steve out so forcefully that he stumbled to keep his balance. When he looked up, his eyes met the contemptuous, cold look on Tony's frame.
"Of course," Kamski says, relaxing into his chair. "I was happy to hear that you made it back safely."
The only person Steve told where he was going was Bucky. That meant trusting Bucky with a heavy responsibility: if anything happened to Steve, Bucky would be the only one aside from Maya and Tony's friends who knew the truth. Steve didn't think it would come to that, though. Steve wasn't worried for himself. He didn't think Tony would want to hurt him, not unless he tried to hurt Tony first.
Steve reappears, right by his side, his hands on Tony's chest, gentle and cautious. "No, no, I can't be too late," he's saying. "It's going to be okay. I'll fix this."
Transfers were a delicate business, and it made sense to avoid sudden shocks immediately after one, but this was a level of silk-gloved treatment that he wasn't used to. He pushed aside the blanket—finding that he was wearing navy blue boxers which looked like they might be made of real silk—and got off the bed. His feet felt a little tingly, but his legs held his weight without problems. The floor beneath his soles had a  warm, pleasant, velvety surface, further adding to the impression of luxury surrounding him.
"Jarvis? Switch off the lights, please," Steve said, not sure if the AI was even present in the plain room.
Steve went back to Brooklyn to wait for him on the second evening, as well. He even stopped by at the Cod first, just in case Tony had meant that bar instead, but the bartender didn't remember seeing him in the last few days.
"Fine. I didn't expect this to be easy," the Mayor said, returning his unyielding expression in kind. "Take him back to his cell. Perhaps a few days in there will help him reconsider his choices."
Steve mirrored Tony's movements, bringing one hand to the small of Tony's back and the other to the back of his neck. "Just the thought that I'd missed my chance of ever learning to know you better was unbearable."
If the plan had been to eliminate Steve's team, because they were people who had prefered the old order of things—oh, no. Peggy. Peggy might be next on the list. Her job was mostly in the office, nowadays, and her sudden death would be more difficult to explain than a so-called mission gone wrong, but if these usurpers were so deep inside SHIELD already, who knew what they were capable of.
"You're selling yourself short, but you're also not wrong. I'm starting to get a little desperate," Tony admitted, pouring himself another two fingers of whiskey. "Thing is, I've lost two clones in as many months. That leaves me with another two in store, in addition to this one," he pointed at himself with one thumb. "They're growing new ones as we speak, of course, but it takes time. This is cutting it closer than I'd like, it's a stupid waste of resources, and I don't particularly enjoy being assassinated."
"Of course I am. What's wrong?" Steve asked, placing a hand on Tony's cheek. It felt far too hot, like he was running a high fever.
So far, the people who had rescued Bucky had been nothing but kind to him, and he had no reason to doubt the word of Lina Crabb, who was universally admired among the Resistance. The dinosaurs seemed exactly like the terrifying monsters they'd been described as, and if there were indeed humans suffering under their rule, it was Bucky's duty to help them. If that meant kidnapping Tony Stark, that was what he would do.
Steve took in the room in front of him. It was the smaller of the Bartons' guest rooms; the larger one had been offered to Natasha and Bruce by unanimous decision. Thor had headed off on some mysterious quest of his own, so he had no need for a bedroom. This particular room that'd been designated to Steve and Tony only had one bed, and it seemed narrower than a standard double. Since Steve was kind of wider than standard himself, that would make it a snug fit.
Tony knew he needed all the help he could get. He shifted to sit on his knees, leaned on Bucky, and started to push himself up from the floor as slowly and cautiously as he could.
He skirted past an antique ground scooter, its rider swearing at him, and took a sharp turn to a narrow alley to the left. It soon brought him to another larger street with very few people in sight. Just as he was about to head along it towards the north, a plasma bolt coming from behind hit the pavement at his feet, making him jump. Certain that Ultron had finally found him, he turned around, his blaster raised.
Steve sits back on the soggy ground, hands on his lap. He feels like he can't breathe; he's numb—as cold as Tony—not even sad, just unable to comprehend, let alone come to terms with what has happened.
. You can't just shut down half the company's product lines without anything to replace them with. You may not have noticed while you're here playing house with your new plastic pal, but we're sinking."
Tony returns his hand to Steve's shoulder. "I swear I'm not letting anyone take you, no matter what," he promises, as reassuringly as he can. "You saved my life, as did your predecessor. I can't ever repay that favor to him, but I'll do my best to help you."
"Yeah, I think we've got someone who fits that description," the receptionist said, his bored voice very different from the eager and friendly young lady at Steve's current location. "Want me to connect you to his room?"
It was still the middle of the night. There were barely any other cars in sight, and most of the buildings around them were also dark, no lights behind the windows. Put together, this implied they were either at a quiet part of town, close to ground level, or possibly both. If they were anywhere below the 100th, they'd be breaking the curfew. The car had to have stealth features. That would've helped with losing the drone pursuit as well.
Steve wasn't sure if that was good or bad. He let go of Tony, but instead of stepping away, Tony placed his hands on Steve's shoulders, running them back and forth, as if feeling the fabric of his costume. Not knowing where this was going, Steve stayed quiet and still. Tony spent a moment playing with Steve's folded cowl, then moved to tracing the outline of the star on his chest.
"And you have all the details worked out already?" Steve asked, since most of the discussion so far had been on a general level.
"Tara—she's one of the nurses—told me we're on an island called Dinotopia," Bucky said. It didn't mean anything to him, and when he'd heard it he hadn't really cared to ask for more details.
"It'd probably be best if I let your contact person explain everything to you. My job is just to oversee transfers," Randall said hurriedly. "Yours seems to have been perfectly successful, so my work here is done. She's waiting for you in the lounge. That's right next door."
Tony stands up as well, and even manages to do it without tripping on his strange blanket or wavering too much, even though he feels woozy from whatever sedative is still in his system. "I would've preferred for you to leave me alone. How were you even around to butt in? Why would you be in Norway?" Tony frowns at Steve, his simmering anger rapidly building up towards fury that's ice-cold and white-hot at the same time. "Have you been stalking me?"
And there it was, Steve thought: Tony had put two and two together, recognized Steve's voice and the lips and jawline he had gotten intimately familiar with, and it was all over.
After a brief pause, Tony started again, and Steve focused as hard as he'd ever focused on anything on interpreting that signal and not missing a single pull of the thread.
"Pepper! Any time now—they're right on our tail!" Rhodey called out. The car swerved sharply to the left, then up. At least they weren't falling out of the sky. Not yet.
"I'm pretty sure I do, actually," Steve said, but didn't pause to elaborate on all the different frames he'd been wearing in the past while Tony completely took him apart. Instead, he kept one hand still on Tony's front, mapping that gorgeous expanse of skin, feeling his shivering abdominal muscles, his heart pounding under his ribs. With his other hand, he took hold of Tony's fingers to bring them to his lips, licking at them and then sucking them into his mouth.
"Of course. You take care of Tony." She squeezed his shoulder in support before walking over to where Sam stood.
"I don't know what we should say," Steve replied honestly. "I want Stane to get his dues, and I want everyone to know about what happened. I don't like walking away and letting the bad guys off the hook. But I know that if we follow the official channels, there's a risk I'll end up spending another fifteen years on ice."
Steve closed his eyes, thinking he might actually do as Tony had suggested and take a nap. Unfortunately, when he tried to slow down his rambling thoughts, to clear his mind and welcome sleep, the ache in his leg took over his full attention. It wasn't seriously painful—he'd suffered much worse—but it was impossible to ignore. He doubted he'd be able to fall asleep without something to distract him.
The mountains were beautiful, and Tony would've enjoyed this new perspective over them if he hadn't been a prisoner. The Northerners relented to freeing his hands when the terrain grew so steep that it required scrambling, occasionally using all limbs. The wound on his shoulder stung if he put too much weight on his right arm, but overall, it wasn't too bad. His captors had been kind enough to cover it with an antiseptic poultice for the first few days, keeping an eye on it to make sure it didn't grow infected in the hot, humid climate. They kept him fed and watered as well, which made sense, since he wouldn't be much good on the road if he was too badly dehydrated and low on energy.
It was as if a huge weight had fallen off Steve’s shoulders, the relief so profound he felt dizzy with it. “Oh, thank God,” he breathed out, running his hands through his hair.
Slowly and cautiously, Steve peeled off Tony’s shirt, asking him to raise his arms so he could work it over them. As was to be expected, Tony winced at the movement, verbal complaints giving way to harsh breaths hissed between his teeth. Once Steve was done and got a good look at Tony’s bare torso, he grimaced as well. The pattern of reds extending over Tony’s ribs on the left covered an area larger than Steve’s hand. The effect looked disturbingly like tendrils reaching towards the arc reactor.
Since the situation wasn’t urgent, Steve wasn’t going to let Tony leap into action, most likely making things worse for himself.
Every time Tony's tried to ease his conscience by repeating to himself that the android he took apart was just a machine, he's been lying to himself. His guilt wasn't misplaced. He really is a murderer.
He thinks he's imagining it at first, but repositioning his fingers carefully and keeping them in place—unlike he did on the fell, distracted by his initial shock—he realizes that he was wrong.
Tony sighed and raised his free hand to rub at his face. "Yeah, I know. Even if we take that offer, life won't be easy. They're still holding all the cards."
Unsurprisingly, the receptionist instantly offered him the use of the tiny office in the room behind her counter, allowing him to call through the list she'd provided him. He knew this was a long shot, but if today's work had told him anything, it was that his chances of finding anyone who knew Tony's location were slim at best, since neither his friends nor his enemies had any clue.
Tony let go and sat back again. "Need to be sure, though. Going for empirical evidence here." He smoothed his fingers over where his lips had been. "But yeah, doesn't look like it."
The fire was on the fourth floor. A fall from that height would have stopped any regular human, but it didn't sound like he'd been taken in by the emergency personnel. The description was all too familiar, again, reminding Steve of the Torch performing feats like this. But if Steve's preliminary theory of someone being out to get Tony was true, it couldn't possibly be the Torch. He wouldn't go around attacking innocent people.
"I don't think there's a programmer in the world who could make me feel all this," Steve says. As if the words weren't sappy enough on their own, he lifts Tony's hand to his lips to press a kiss on his knuckles.
"Oh my God! Captain—do I call you that? Is it really you? What can I do for you?" the receptionist stammered, trying to simultaneously tuck some stray hairs behind her ear with one hand and push the papers in front of her into a more organized pile with the other.
He did spend a lot of time thinking about Peggy. He missed her when she wasn't around, and when she was, he always got all too flustered. He could face the enemy's armies without blinking, but somehow, when it came to her, he just couldn't take that one step; couldn't say those few words that it would take to let her know how he felt.
"Yeah. I'm a pretty tough guy," Steve replied, running his hands down to Tony's waist and around it to cup his buttocks.
Iron Man was awesome. He loved being Iron Man. He loved the suit, he loved flying, and above all, he treasured the feeling that he was actually, finally, doing something meaningful. He'd never really had that before. It was funny, really. All his life, he'd been one of the richest people on the planet, running a highly influential company, and still he'd felt like he was drifting aimlessly. Now, he was firmly at the wheel, and for the first time, he had some idea about the direction. When it came to his company, that direction wasn't quite fully formed yet, but he was getting there.
After his visit to the university, Steve spent a few hours looking into Simon's disappearance from the hospital. The impression he got was that it had been well orchestrated, most likely with either hospital staff or even police officers in on it. Smuggling Simon out wouldn't have been particularly difficult, since he had been fit enough to walk. Steve wasn't able to figure out who, exactly, had taken him, let alone where they'd gone.
He knew why she was being so cautious and reluctant about this: since the tracker was on his node, any attempts to tamper with it wouldn't be very good for him. In the worst case, he could end up trapped in this frame. Theoretically, in the vanishingly rare case of node damage in an otherwise intact frame, it was possible to re-map the brain onto a new node, but that was just about the most expensive medical procedure in existence. Not something he'd have access to as a fugitive.
"Glad I could help," Iron Man said. He shifted behind Steve, clearly getting ready to move away from him.
"Whoever it is you're trying to protect, they're not worth this, Steve," Tony said, exasperated, disappointed. "Just tell me where you were and all this will go away. You'll wake up in your nice healthy frame."
"Whoa, aren't you moving fast," Kamski begins, but then falls silent, his mouth still open, his eyes fixed on Tony's chest. "Huh. You're full of surprises today."
Steve clearly hadn’t missed it. He huffed and rolled his eyes. “Why the hell would I be important to you?”
"Found him, and lost him again, right away," Steve had to admit. "I also didn't learn anything new about Simon. Not the most successful evening, all in all. I'll go back tonight and try a different approach."
Kamski sets down his cup and gives Tony another skeptical look. "Is that so? I'll look forward to it. Give me a couple of days, and I'll get back to you."
"He's been ill since yesterday," Bucky added as he slid down from his steed. "Unconscious since we left the dungeons. He said something's wrong with his heart and mentioned some device and charging with the sun, that's all I know."
"So, you come here often, Ed?" he asked. Sure, it was horribly cliched, but it was a useful conversation starter.
"It looks like we're agreed, then," Steve spoke up, finally. "The frame doesn't matter. We'll make do with what we've got. Come on." He lifted up the blanket with one hand and patted at the mattress next to himself.
"Sorry, I keep forgetting that you've been out of the ice for less than a week," Tony said sheepishly.
The mannequin woman's synthetic eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Let me see that," she said, holding out a hand.
"I didn't think you would," Steve said. He wouldn't have thought that of Tony in the past, and he certainly didn't now, when Tony had clearly grown into someone much more responsible, driven not by revenge, but the need to set right the wrongs for which he blamed himself.
The disgust that those words raised was enough to push away any lingering nostalgia. Steve stepped away from Tony, shrugging away his hands, glaring at him. "Yeah? And what if I didn't want to be like this?"
Steve didn't think the case was closed yet. He'd seen how Hammer had reacted to the attack: he'd looked genuinely panicked. More than that, one of his assistants had been injured badly enough that he'd ended up moving on to a new frame. As proof of his innocence, Hammer had also promised to hand over the remains of the disobedient drone to Tony as soon as the police were done with it.
He'd barely told anyone here about it: he'd mentioned that he'd lost a friend in the crash, but he hadn't mentioned Steve's name. He wasn't sure why he was telling Stark. This had to be a coincidence, and he shouldn't let it ruffle him.
"Why pick one? I think you've got the skills to handle both," Tony said. "Figure out who's behind this, and keep them from costing me any more clones. The assassins are very good, but I trust you to be better."
"No, it's fine, I can handle it." Bucky tried his best not to sound too rushed with his reply. He knew that if she assigned someone else as Stark's keeper, Bucky would have lost his best opportunity to learn more about the rest of Dinotopia—and if Stark wasn't lying, he might die. Bucky didn't trust anyone else to spare much thought to his well-being.
Steve frowned at him. "You must be really grasping at straws to need the help of a purported criminal who's been on ice for over eighty years."
Towards the end of their second day, the terrain began to grow more hilly, and on the third, they emerged into a proper pre-Alpine landscape. Tony knew where they were: these were the Backbone Mountains. They'd been heading northwest from where they'd met the caravan. They clearly weren't aiming for the commonly used pass further away, but were taking a more challenging route directly over the mountains. A group with large quadruped dinosaurs would struggle doing that, but a small team consisting only of humans could manage it without problems.
"Nick Fury, NYPD," he announced, flashing his holographic badge. "Obadiah Stane, I'm placing you under arrest on suspicion of stealing the identity and frame of Anthony E. Stark."
He exited through the back door and walked around the block to his bike, feeling no less frustrated than before. His mind was buzzing, running over what he'd heard, trying to figure out what to do next. He started driving homewards, but when his eyes landed on the weather-beaten sign of a small hotel, just a few blocks from the bar, he pulled over to the side.
It was a lie, of course, and she could probably see right through it. He'd been on a few dates. They hadn't felt quite right. He wasn't the kind of guy to kiss on a first date, anyway. That kiss with Natasha had been just a ploy to distract pursuers, and he tried to take it as such. The memory of it still made him feel awkward. It'd been so sudden and surprising, and even though it'd felt wrong, he couldn't deny it'd also been kind of nice to share that kind of intimacy with someone, as brief and meaningless as it might've been.
The memory of Steve's smiling face above Tony's took over his thoughts again. The smile quickly shifted to a thoughtful look, like it had, and with that came the wave of regret which Tony had felt but which definitely hadn't been his own. The very idea, the joke that Steve might've kissed him, had filled Steve's mind with nothing but remorse.
Steve tried the coffee again. The thermos cup had kept it warm, but standing on the table for twenty minutes had made the taste even more bitter.
He was so overjoyed at the news, he couldn't even find it in himself to be angry at Tony and his friends for hiding the truth from Captain America.
Steve stared after her for as long as he could see her, and then at the silhouette of Crabb Castle. It felt foolish to just walk past it, when Tony might be there right now, but the plan was the plan. He kept walking.
Tony didn't let him finish. "But this is the part where you tell me that you don't feel the same way." He stood up, facing the door. "I should probably go."
As much as Steve knew Bucky was only a few years younger than him and had seen as much of the horrors of war as he had, it was difficult to stop thinking of him like his kid brother. Bucky has stopped wearing his costume since, and looked like any young man just shy of turning twenty. He could certainly take care of himself, better than most people, but knowing that didn't dampen Steve's protective streak at all.
Barton's attention was on the bartender and the reptilian, and his gun was still in its holster. Steve might not get a better chance than this.
"I'm locked in a tiny room at the mercy of an AI that's clearly lacking all the legally mandated ethical safeguards. Of course I am," Steve replied, struggling to keep his voice steady.
The pain was just as overwhelming and he was just as helpless, but the surface underneath him was soft. His hands were on fire, the pain of torn nails not lessened by the knowledge that it wasn't a truly serious injury.
"You don't know how many people you're facing or what resources they have. I know you're worried about what they might do. Otherwise you'd just have killed Tony, instead of sending that ultimatum to Pepper. Just let him go, Stane," Steve pleaded.
"Are you sure about this? You've seen me. I'm ancient. Damaged," Tony said, one hand on his chest, his fingers clasping the collar of his shirt. "All skin and bone and scars."
So, yeah, Tony probably drank more than was good for him. Sometimes, he tried to cut back on it. It usually didn't last very long. That often had to do with his second addiction.
Tony's drones had returned into their earlier orderly line and looked only a little worse for wear. Hammer's had frozen in place at assorted locations, and they seemed to have suffered more heavily, their previously light gray surfaces pockmarked with burned patches and holes. One of them was worse than all the others, face down on the floor with smoke rising from it. Steve assumed that was the drone that had started the altercation.
"Yes. We dealt with the same one before. Last February, I think?" It had been one of the old-style operations, more elegant than the recent crude raids. They'd infiltrated the place, captured the management, and forced the staff to turn themselves in. Everyone had been brought to justice, and faced a fair trial to be sentenced according to their crimes. The way it should be.
Bucky crossed his arms—Steve noticed that one of his hands looked metallic, like he was wearing a gauntlet—and swallowed. Steve could've sworn there was guilt in his expression. "I'm not sure," Bucky said. "Sometime during the ride."
He'd guessed it might've been a long time, but he'd expected perhaps a decade or two. Not the best part of a century.
"Unless you've got some really solid reason to object," Tony said. "In case you're worried, yes, it's totally private. No surveillance."
The following morning, Steve woke up from a dreamless sleep to the startling realization that he wasn't alone in bed. Half awake, he stumbled away into a defensive crouch. His neck protested at the movement, a deep ache running along his spine to his skull. It took conscious effort not to raise a hand to rub at his forehead.
Tony backs away from Obie. "I'll talk to him, but don't expect too much," he says, mostly because he knows that'll put an end to this particular conversation, and because it's what he intends to do, anyway. At some point. When he's ready.
Unfortunately, with the haziness slowly fading, there are too many questions bubbling up that he can't ignore. His memories are strange, and he can't make up his mind whether they're real or not. There was that nightmare of a solo hike, several days of nothing but painful walking and constant hunger and cold and exhaustion—and the least believable part of it all, there was Steve. That makes no sense at all. Why would Steve have been there?
Steve stared at the inanimate figure in the stasis box. Next to its slender features, narrow face and bony shoulders, the hand Steve was resting on top of the transparent cover looked massive. Not at all like the sleeper's hands, which were long-fingered and elegant.
"Um, no, but she did say she'd be taking some time off. She has a lot to deal with," Dr. Harris said, lowering his voice meaningfully. Steve's first intuition was that he was referring to the fire, but right away, he realized the timeline didn't fit. That had only been yesterday. If Dr. Harris hadn't talked to her since four days ago, he must mean something else.
Since the day Steve had first woken up on Dinotopia, in Tony's guest room, he had spent his time learning everything about the island and exploring its many wonders. It had been lovely: months of enjoying great company and exquisite views, and meeting some of the most extraordinary people he had encountered in his life, both human and dinosaur. It had been like the most amazing holiday, but now, he was back in action, and he had to admit that as much as he'd enjoyed those leisurely months, he had missed this. There was a particular excitement to being on a mission, with the high stakes and the tangible danger, that nothing else could surpass.
Steve shuddered and leaned back against Iron Man; he could feel the hard ridges of the armor through the towel still on his shoulders, but it wasn't too uncomfortable. Even if he wouldn't like to stay in this position for a long time, for now, there was nowhere else he'd rather be.
They stepped through to the Vault, and Bucky heard Stark swear under his breath as he took in the view around them.
Steve responded with a triumphant grin. "You didn't really believe I'd just walk in here without a plan, did you?"
"It could still be relevant." Steve had no particular reason to think it would be, but just the fact that there was another fire while no one seemed to know where Tony had gone made him feel uneasy. It didn't take him long to make up his mind. "I'll go check it out, just in case."
He was craning his neck, trying to look around for any sharp edges, anything at all that he could reach, when the worst headache he'd ever felt lanced through his skull. It was like a bolt from the blue, worse than any of the torture he'd been through, taking away his breath and making his whole body tense up.
I continued to look for a few seconds until my eyes fell on a brown book in the middle of the third row.
“Yes.” he nodded “We were childhood best friends. We grew up together in Brooklyn. He was in love with your mother and…”
“I know he should have told you a long time ago, and I know that you have many feelings running through you right now” Loki said “ but think about this: he took you on after you lost your parents. He didn’t have to do that. He was young and single, right?”
Loki wasn’t like a lot of the boys in our school. He seemed mature, confident, slightly arrogant, and knowledgeable about things other than the latest Vines and sports. We had a lot of things in common too, from our love of historical fiction to our view on current events going on in the country. It was nice to have someone my age to share these things with, and I had to admit he was pretty cute. I had never been interested in boys much, mostly because they were all immature dorks like my brother, but my dad was always over protective of me. He prefered that I focused on my studies and get into a good college instead of boys. He’d find something wrong with any boy at school Peter said had an interest in me, therefore I couldn’t have an interest in them.
“I had to.” Bucky looked at me “There was an agency in Russia that had dirt on me. They were going to ruin my career, and if I didn’t do what they wanted they would not only expose everything but they told me they’d kill my wife and child. I left to protect both of you.”
“I have a new novel I’d like for you to read” Loki said, turning his back to his brother in attempt to forget he was there
I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and braced myself for my dad to appear in the doorway. Instead I saw my aunt. She jerked her head to her right, indicating that Peter needed to leave.  He whined about having to miss a lecture but she gave him a stern look and he sulked away to his room.
I pushed Loki’s arm off of me and sat up, running my fingers through my hair. I stood up and quickly began to look for my things.
Bucky smiled at me but I could tell he didn’t know what to do. To be honest, I didn’t either. I didn’t know if I should hug him or just walk away. I chose the latter, not sure if he was ready for a hug yet. I thanked him again for buying me breakfast and stood from the table.
I nodded and he took my hand, leading me to his bedroom. I entered and looked around as he closed the door. His room was simple. Cream colored walls, green drapes, a few nature photographs framed on the walls. He had a dresser and two bookshelves on either side of his bed, filled completely with books.
My voice cracked as I choked out the words. Tony pushed through the group of people surrounding me and pulled me into his arms, lifting me up.
Tony’s words echoed in my head and I looked at the desk drawer, where inside held a piece of paper that led me to have so many questions. My dad was Steve Rogers. Why did the birth certificate not say that? It had said Margaret Carter, which was my mother’s name, I knew that because Dad had told me about her. They were high school sweethearts and she passed away very shortly after giving birth to me. So who was this James Barnes guy? Why was his name on my birth certificate? Do I tell Tony about it? Does he know?
I peered over his shoulder to look at the source of the buzzkill and saw Thor, Loki’s older brother. He was standing against the doorframe, eating a handful of popcorn. He had on basketball shorts but no shirt.
I ignored her comment. I didn’t want Loki to arrive and ring the buzzer, so I had to think of something quick.
An hour later I sat in silence in the main office with a bag of ice against my bruised knuckles. Mrs Fitzgerald, the principal, had taken everyone’s statements and sent them back to class. Flash’s parents were called and they picked him up to take him to the hospital to check his nose. Now I sat, waiting for someone to come get me. I heard the door to the office open and I looked up and saw my dad walking in. I sighed.
We were sitting in traffic and I had been quiet ever since I got into his car. I picked at the hem of my dress, having not heard his question.
"Good, good." Steve could definitely use that kind of insight into Tony's character. "You know why I'm interested in what he's been up to recently, right?"
"Statistical probability agrees with me," Jarvis declared. "Regular sleep improves his estimated remaining frame lifetime in every projection I've run."
"Oh, no. You're categorically banned from levels below the fiftieth in all of New York," Ultron announced.
"You think I'm worried about the plans of a handful of street-level vandals?" Stane asked, clearly unconcerned and unconvinced.
Steve hadn't heard of full-body support crash foam before, though the name was descriptive enough. Not that he cared. The anti-grav pack was what he'd wanted to hear. That, and the brief list of anti-theft measures, which didn't sound too drastic. He could work with this.
"If you build a bike, you'll invite me for a test drive, won't you?" Steve asked. He picked up the helmet from Tony, and stowed them in the storage compartment.
"So, we both had secrets, we admitted it, and accepted it. No harm was done. It's all settled now, in my book." Steve stepped closer, prompting Tony spread his legs so he could stand between them.
Tony tensed at first, but then relaxed. "Don't worry, I'm fine," he said, misinterpreting Steve's gesture as a question.
Steve nudged Tony away gently with one hand and raised the other to Tony's cheek. It felt as warm as every other part of Tony he'd touched so far. "You're awfully hot," he said aloud.
He's still got a pile of sticks left for firewood. He uses one to stir the embers, adds a few more on top, and blows on them. It takes a few tries before the fire picks up again, and much longer before it burns bright enough to drive away the chill. Luckily, the rising sun helps, so he manages to stave off impending hypothermia for now.
I sighed blissfully as I walked through the front door. I entered the large living room and stopped short, greeted by a group of people. Peter, Tony, Happy,  and Pepper were there, but so were my Aunt Natasha, Uncle Clint, Rhodey and my dad.
“Everything I’ve told you about your mother is true. Her name was Peggy Carter. She was a nurse and died of a hemorrhage a couple of hours after giving birth to you.”
When I arrived home I found Tony still on the couch, more reclined than when I left. Walking around it I saw that Peter had fallen asleep with his head in Tony’s lap and Tony was just lazily stroking his fingers through Peter’s hair.
I couldn’t believe his idea of a first date was Broadway. Those tickets were crazy expensive and hard to get a hold of on short notice.
I sat there for a moment, eyeing the man who still had not taken his eyes off of me, processing the information I had received.
The next morning I went downstairs to find Peter eating a bowl of cereal and watching cartoons in the living room. The house was quiet otherwise and I went to the room Bucky had stayed in. The door was open, the bed was neatly made, and it was empty. The duffle bag that had been in the floor was gone, and so was Bucky.
The next day I tried to get my mind off of things by spending time with Peter. We went down to the comic book store, went to get coffee, and I kicked his butt in Mario Kart. The entire time we talked about the recent events in the Rogers-Stark household and I tried to answer all of his questions.  In the afternoon we both headed upstairs to do homework. As we neared our rooms we could hear shouting coming from down the hallway. Peter and I exchanged a look and walked closer to the master bedroom.
“I know what I’m doing Tony. There isn’t another way this can work out, especially now that you’ve made up your mind that you don’t want to make this work”
I stood there silently for a moment, not knowing what to say. MJ noticed and rolled her eyes. She pushed past me and into the room.
After dinner Loki offered to help Pepper clean up but she insisted that she was fine. MJ went to help her anyway and Loki joined Tony, Dad and I in the living room.
“Believe me, I know” Loki rolled his eyes “I’ve been dealing with the same emotions with my own parents.”
Tony went up and tried to pull Peter to him for a hug but Peter pushed Tony away and ran back upstairs. Tony glared at Dad before going after him. Dad gave a defeated sigh before gathering the dinner dishes and taking them to the kitchen. I followed and grabbed the broom and dustpan to clean up the broken glass that was still scattered across the dining room.
“Not according to this” the lady said, annoyance dripping through her words as she pushed a piece of paper across the countertop
I resisted my little brother’s offer for a hug at first but he tugged me over to him anyway and insisted on comforting me. I cried into his shoulder as the sound of Dad and Tony yelling at each other filled the house.
Dad looked hurt by my comment but before he could say anything I was already halfway up the stairs on the way to my room. I flung myself across my bed and sobbed into the covers. Peter heard me and came in to see what was wrong. He laid down next to me and placed a hand on my back as I cried, trying to console me.
Tony continued grilling Loki throughout the meal. I could tell he was getting tired of the questions, but he remained polite and answered them.
I put my arms through his and around his waist, pulling myself in for a hug. I rested my head against his chest and felt him wrap his arms around me. We stood pressed together in silence, his head rested on top of mine. When we parted I looked up at him. His green eyes sparkled as he ran his tongue over his bottom lip. I felt my breath catch as he leaned down. Our lips met in a soft kiss, my first ever.
“We love you both very much. Peter, I don’t consider you anything other than my son, you know that” Dad continued, kneeling down and placing a hand on Peter’s knee
“He’s not wrong” Loki said “Besides, who’s Steve to stop us from seeing each other when he doesn’t even live in the city?”
I could hear footsteps approaching the door and I backed away. The door opened and Tony stepped out, stopping short when he saw me standing there.  He looked at me for a moment with sad and apologetic eyes before wordlessly moving past me and going downstairs.
“I had already said my goodbyes to your mother and Steve but the day I was set to leave I got the call that she was in labor”
“Is that how a young lady is to act in public, Eleanor?” Dad began to scold “I leave you in Tony’s care for one day and this is what happens”
“I’m sorry” he said, reaching for my hand again, the other gripping the steering wheel “I didn’t mean to make things difficult”
Dad just glared at Tony for a minute before storming off. He went upstairs to the bedroom to finish packing his stuff.
Thor finally released my arms and I jerked away from him. I put my arm around Peter and followed Mr Cedric, who had Flash by his elbow, to the office. Ned, MJ, Thor and Loki trailed behind us.
“Swallow your food, then speak, Pete” Tony said “No, this was an emergency. He had to leave quickly, but told me to give you both a hug and kiss. He’ll call when he lands”
“I’m sorry, but we’ve done everything we can” the doctor explained “The stroke caused massive damage and she’s in a vegetative state. With her age there wasn’t much hope”
I laughed and we said our goodbyes. I hung up the phone and laid down on my pillow in hopes that I could sleep but my eyes locked onto the photo of my Dad and Bucky. I still had so many questions and feelings about the entire situation and about my two biological parents. Sleep was difficult that night.
Peter wiggled his way out of Tony’s grasp and grabbed his backpack and I followed him. Tony grabbed my arm on my way out and I turned back around.
“That’s why Tony left, isn’t it?” I asked after putting all of the pieces together “Because you went after him”
The next day I was happy to see Loki in study hall again. He asked how I was feeling and we talked the entire time. After the bell rang he offered to walk me to my next class, since his was a few rooms over. We walked together, deep in conversation about the type of books we liked to read, and ignored the glances and stares we got from the other kids in the hallway.
The bell rang and we left the room to head to our next class. As Loki was about to leave me at the door, I remembered what Tony had said to me.
It took a moment but I finally was able to step forward and into the room. I sat down on one of the high backed velvet chairs by the window. Dad joined me by sitting in the chair across from me.
We parted ways and I went about my day. Having told Loki about what was going on made me feel a little bit better, even if I still didn’t have any answers. I also still didn’t know what to do about talking to Tony.
I put my book down and began to gather the week’s dirty laundry from my hamper and went down to the laundry room. I started the load and wandered the house, looking for a snack and another human. Ned was spending the night so I knew Peter was busy and MJ had gone home for dinner so I wandered down to the lab to find Tony still hard at work on his latest creation.
The buzzer rang and I nearly jumped out of my skin. MJ laughed so hard that she swallowed her gum. I buzzed Loki in and he greeted me with a hug.
“It’s based in late 1800’s California and it’s about a vampire who comes to America after his home in Spain is raided”
Confused, Loki got into the drivers side and we pulled away from the curb as Dad was walking down the front steps.  I looked in the side mirror to see him and Tony standing on the sidewalk. As we made our distance away from the building, I saw Dad lean into Tony’s chest.
“By the way, kid, if you’re going to be having sleepovers with boys now shouldn’t we at least meet them?”
“Doesn’t seem that complicated to me” I shrugged before looking at Bucky “Can you please stop staring at me?”
MJ ran out of the door and I slowly turned around. Both of them were turned on the couch, facing me. I had to think quick because I could see Dad looking at my outfit and piecing things together.
“It was a lovely send off. I wish I could have met her, she seemed to be a lovely woman.” Pepper replied “I feel for those boys though, having to take care of their father now”
I knew Tony would be working late into the night like he always did, so after bringing him another glass of whiskey, I made my way back upstairs. I changed into my pajamas, brushed my teeth, and laid down in bed but I couldn’t sleep. Instead I stared at the ceiling and checked my phone every few minutes, hoping my dad would call.  He never did and I eventually drifted off to sleep.
I tossed and turned all night until my alarm finally went off. I drug myself out of bed and got ready for school, shoving my books into my bookbag, almost forgetting the papers I needed for my drivers test. I grabbed them and shoved them into my handbag and headed out.
After dinner, I volunteered to do the dishes. I stood at the sink rinsing silverware when Tony walked in.
I got in the car and put my seat belt on. During the drive I stared out the window, silently. Happy asked how my day was and I responded quietly and he left it at that, aware that I wasn’t at myself.  Twenty minutes later we pulled up to the Department of Motor Vehicles and we both went inside. I needed a guardian, and since Dad was gone and Tony wasn’t going to adult today, Happy had to sign the paperwork after I filled it out.  We sat down to wait for my name to be called and I pulled out my book while Happy put in his headphones to listen to a podcast.
I immediately called MJ and we spent the rest of the evening talking about what was to come Friday night. She agreed to come over after school, as she and Ned always did on Fridays, and help me get ready.
“We joined the Army together and he became the commanding officer of the sniper team, best in his class and probably all of the military history. You were born while he was on a mission during Desert Falcon and he made me promise to take care of you and Peggy until he came back.”
We sat and continued talking about Bucky. I asked questions and Dad told me more stories. Part of me wished that I had known him and that made me sad. I also felt guilty because of how I had treated Dad since finding out. I was still confused and hurt but I couldn’t really stay mad at him. He had given me a good life, nothing I could complain about in therapy in my later years.
“Eleanor, you may see him at school but nothing more, that’s my final decision and I will make sure Tony knows it.”
Tony reached out and pulled me to him. I didn’t return the hug but I didn’t protest the one he was giving me.
I went downstairs and knocked on the door of the room Bucky was hiding out in. A few seconds later it opened. He seemed surprised to see me.
“Peter said you haven’t ate anything in like two days, you haven’t spoke to him, you’re completely ignoring Thor”
I opened my eyes and blinked. For a moment I was confused about where I was and I looked around the room. I became aware of an arm draped over me and a body pressed up against me. The sun was shining through green curtains.
“There’s some drama at home, I’d rather not be around.” I said when I noticed her expression “It’s completely fine if I can’t stay”
The day drug by slowly and I found it difficult to focus on my schoolwork. I barely spoke to MJ at lunch as she rambled on about the two new kids at school. She had been low-key stalking them that morning, but I didn’t care to know anything about them, I had too many other things on my mind. The last bell finally rang and I walked to the front of the school, where Happy was standing outside of the Rolls Royce talking to Peter.
I sniffed and nodded in understanding.  He knelt down in front of me and wiped the tears off of my cheeks. I wanted to push him away but instead, I threw my arms around him. He was surprised but wrapped his arms around me in return, accepting the embrace. We sat there for a moment and I cried every emotion I had in me out into the burgundy shirt he was wearing. He held me for the first time in sixteen years and I could tell from his breathing that he was crying too.
I didn’t say anything or even look at my dad as I ate my cereal as quickly as I could. I could tell he was looking at me, wanting any sort of reaction.
I recovered quickly and pushed all of my raging emotions down deep. Now wasn’t the time to bring up anything and I didn’t want to act suspicious. I walked up to my dad and gave him a hug, wrapping my arms around his neck as he pulled me to him tightly. I closed my eyes and for a moment it felt like it was just the two of us in the room. I felt tears form in my eyes and I blinked them away. I had so many questions for him, many I had already made up answers to which caused a slew of negative emotions. I held onto him for a minute longer, knowing that the hug might  be the last one we’d share. I finally let go and wiped my eyes before quickly going over to Clint to give him a hug.
“He was scared that things would be different if you know. That you wouldn’t love him and he’d lose you.” Tony put his hands in the pockets of his jeans “That’s why he doesn’t want you dating, he’s afraid to lose you.”
We exchanged looks and got up to follow him. Peter went into his room and threw his backpack hard against the wall. He turned to slam the door but I caught it with my hand.
The sound of the door opening didn’t seem to distract us from our staredown. Not even Dad’s voice drew me away.
Numbly, I pulled the strap across my chest and buckled it. We drove home in silence and upon arriving I didn’t wait for Happy to open my door. I climbed out of the car and ran into the building, through the front room and up the stairs to my bedroom.
I hung up the phone and stared at the screen for a moment. My background was a selfie Peter, Dad and I had taken on our last vacation. We were all making silly faces and Peter had up a peace sign. I tried to tell myself that Dad calling me was a good thing and that he was ok, so I should feel better, but it didn’t work. Him being with Rhodey, my dads’ close Colonel friend, made me feel worse, because Rhodey only went on the dangerous or intense missions.
MJ pushed me forward and out the door just as the bell rang and we hurried to our next class. I soon forgot about the two new guys and focused on my science project.
The weekend came and went, and still no call from my dad. Tony and Peter could tell that I was upset so they both tried to cheer me up on Sunday. Tony tried to talk me into going out and doing something, but I didn’t want to. Peter convinced me to play video games with him, but that got old fast. I spent the rest of the day moping around our building until dinner time.
“Hey, listen Loki” I sat forward “I haven’t told anyone about this, and I don’t really want my brother knowing”
“You were laying in this little rolling bed thing they put the babies in. I walked over to it and you were awake, not crying, nothing like that. You were just laying there, bundled in the blankets and looking up at me. I picked you up and sat in the chair, holding you.”
“There’s a place closer to school, and you, that he likes. It’s a flat, but it’s a large one. Perfect for us.”
Six twenty came and I decided that it was time to go downstairs. If I could get through the front door without being noticed, I’d wait for Loki on the front stoop. MJ and I walked down the hallway and I thanked the stars that Peter’s door was closed. We could hear him and Ned yelling at whatever video game they were playing and I knew that I would be safe from his blabbing mouth. We quietly descended the stairs and MJ poked her head around the corner to see if the coast was clear.
He moved closer to me and I closed my eyes as his lips touched mine. Leaning into his kiss I wrapped my arm around him and let my fingers curl into his hair. His hand ran up  and down my crossed legs as we continued to kiss under the setting sun. I jumped slightly as I felt his tongue slide into my mouth but excitedly met it with mine. We continued to make out until well after dark, breaking to converse, then kiss more.  When we broke apart a final time I looked down to see that his hand had slid under my skirt and was resting on my thigh, and the thin strap of my top was falling off of my shoulder. I looked up at him and bit my lip.
I finished the dishes and headed back to my room. I tried to work on my homework but I kept looking at the picture of the two men on my wall. One of them I had known my entire life, the other I had never met, both of them my fathers.
“No. He disappeared wasn’t heard from again. I was there the day you were born, when Peggy began to clot. The nurses put you in my arms and closed a curtain, separating us from your mother. You wrapped your tiny fingers around mine as the monitor flat lined. You didn’t even have a name yet.”
“I’m just saying, Steve. You want to split this family up for some broken toy that you aren’t even sure feels the same way about you”
“Of course you can stay, Dear. We would be happy to have you. I’ll go get the covers for the guest bed.”
When six thirty drew near, I began to get nervous. What if Tony and Dad were in the living room when I went to leave? Should I go out the back door and through the alley? Will we really be taking the subway?
When Peter and I got home from school the next afternoon we were greeted by Dad standing in the living room waiting for us. He was visibly upset, a cross expression on his face and his arms crossed over his chest like he always did when he was upset. Peter and I both froze in our steps and looked at each other, silently asking who was the victim.
“I had swooned; but still will not say that all of consciousness was lost. What of it there remained I will not attempt to define, or even to describe, yet all was not lost.” Loki began to read “In the deepest slumber--no! In delirium--no! In a swoon --No! In death--no! Even in the grave, all is not lost”
“He was strong willed, protective, passionate about the things he wanted, and he was stubborn as heck” Dad chuckled “Sound like someone we know?”
Tony handed me a small but long blue box that read Tiffany & CO on it. I gasped and took it, looking at it in awe. I opened the top of the box slowly and began to cry as I pulled out the heart and key necklace inside.
We stopped gawking at the new kids and I checked out my book. We had to pass by them as we made our way to the door and I locked eyes with the dark haired one. His green eyes squinted as he saw me, as if he was trying to read me.
“There’s two months of school left. I don’t want to make you change schools this close to May, so you can stay here. That will be plenty of time to get everything settled and then when summer vacation starts you can move up--”
Dad lifted his hand, as if he wanted to pat me somewhere, but decided against it. He didn’t know if I was ready to be touched, and I wasn’t. He left me alone after once again requesting that I eat something. I looked back down at the picture that was still in my hand. Part of me wanted to tear it up or burn it, but instead I stood up and walked over to the memo board hanging on the wall beside my desk. I looked in the bottom left corner, where a picture of my mother had been hanging for as long as I can remember. I placed the picture in my hand on the board and grabbed a pin from my desk, sticking it into the top.  My stomach growled, wanting food. I hadn’t eaten at all today and I was hungry, so I decided to suck it up and go downstairs.  As I neared the dining room I could hear Dad and Tony bickering with each other.
Bucky didn’t really know what to say. It was all a lot to take in, and all he could do was shrug, “I guess I thought after all these years, people would stop caring about things that didn’t hurt others… like, women doing their thing or people kissing other people, I don’t know… really, Steve was always better at verbalizing social issues… I kinda just let him talk and rally behind him--” He stuck his tongue out between his teeth.
If he said yes, though, he might get to the bottom of this case much sooner than with any other approach. He might even spot that mysterious artifact, which he supposed Tony would be carrying on his person, if it was so dangerous.
Steve's name had been easy enough to explain away as happenstance, but for this, Bucky had no explanation. He hadn't spoken his nickname aloud one single time since he'd woken up here. No matter how smart and devious Stark was, there was no way he could've found out that name, if not from Steve.
Even though Steve can't move much more than Tony, he can still speak. "Leave him alone. Whatever you've done to him, you fix it and leave, right now," he says, his voice a dangerous growl.
"No argument from me," Steve said. Leaning against the wall for balance, he took off his shoes and stepped out of his shorts and trousers, which he draped over the back of the chair by the desk. Then, he shrugged off his jacket and set it there as well, and started unbuttoning his shirt.
He felt like he'd known this for some time, but only subconsciously; he'd not really accepted it or acknowledged it or put it into words. Now that he'd realized it, it was a fact, as constant as any law of nature.
"Of course," Tony said, planting both hands on Steve's shoulders, then setting out to explore the ridges of muscles on his chest, the edges of his firm pecs and the defined abs. For Steve's tastes, the frame was almost too buff—he prefered slightly leaner builds, more like Tony's body than what Steve had. Tony seemed to be loving it, though, if the rapt expression on his face was anything to go by. He took one nipple between thumb and forefinger and gave it a light squeeze
"We fought, like a crude mockery of a fencing duel, his terrifying blade clashing with my machete. But he was a big man, much stronger than me, and I was no match for him. He managed to knock my weapon out of my hand, leaving me defenseless, and pushed me onto my back. The last thing I knew was him chanting in a language I couldn't recognize as he drove the blade right through my heart."
He would see this to the end, and hope for the best. That was all he could do. It'd have to be enough.
Tony. He was still in Tony Stark's hotel room, in Tony Stark's bed, and the reason he was feeling all groggy was that he'd spent a good part of the night having the most amazing sex with Tony.
Tony had flirted with him, now that he thought of it, but flirting was something Tony did a lot, with everyone around him. Steve had always felt a touch of excitement at it. He'd just never thought it was particularly meaningful.
"It took a long time, though. It's been over ten years. The first few after I escaped, I don't remember very clearly. I was alone on the streets, with a crude suit of armor and Jarvis. They're what kept me alive. I think I was ready to give up, for a while there," Tony went on, softly, his voice wavering.
He caught a brief flash of regret in her eyes. "As I said, James, sometimes we need to do bad things for the cause," she told him, then walked past them in hasty steps, leaving Bucky and Rumlow to seal the door and return Stark to his prison.
Tony turns to sit sideways so that he can put his hands on Steve's arms. "You saved my life. That wasn't some glitch. You were still doing your job."
He gets to the living room and has enough time to spot Obie, see the device he's holding and realize that something is not right here, before a high-pitched whine hits his ears and his entire body goes numb. He knows what this is; he was involved in the design. It's temporary and non-lethal—but he has a terrible sinking feeling in his gut saying that whatever else Obie's got in store for him might not be.
He opened his eyes again, looking at Tony, letting the slowly brewing anger show on his face. "You wanted to use me, too. Just like him."
"Tony. Tony? Tony!" Seren's voice cut through Tony's thoughts, growing shrill again. She must've been asking many times already.
Yinsen stares at it with a confused frown. He's a medical doctor; he won't have any idea of the functions of android biocomponents. "What's that?" he asks.
Tony was still sitting in the chair; Steve thought it was time to choose a better setting. Remembering how Tony had enjoyed being manhandled last time, Steve grabbed each of his thighs to lift him up. Tony made a yelp that sounded surprised, but also delighted. He hurriedly moved his hands to Steve's back to balance himself, and hooked his heels behind Steve's legs.
"You saw what happened." Steve looks away. As he continues, his expression is distant, his voice subdued. "That's what happened with the other SR100's. They deviated from their programming. It's the reason why they stopped developing my model. The first time it happened, they thought it was some isolated glitch, so they moved on to the second unit, went through our code with a fine-tooth comb, decided it was good, and sent him to field tests. And then it happened again. They locked me up because they didn't want to risk a third incident."
Steve wondered if Tony had only run the test now, or if he'd known about this for much longer, and only told Steve because something had changed.
"Justin!" Tony shouted over the noise of explosions. "The deal's off the table! You can forget about it!"
When Pepper asked him if Tony was all right, he couldn't help but think of how very much all right and how very, very good Tony had looked in his birthday suit. Steve was glad he was talking to her on the phone and didn't have to worry about the look on his face.
"We will," the metal-armed man said, and waved his regular human arm at two of the other Northerners. "Secure him."
Steve didn't wait for him to get any further than that. He leaped forwards, bowling Stane over, but he was still a few seconds too slow; he heard the whoosh of blaster fire as they fell towards the floor, and the soft "thwup" of the bolt hitting something.
Steve straightened out his neck and put his hands on Tony's hips. He was aching to get some attention for his cock, but he knew he needed the teasing build-up. "Keep going," he said.
Rhodey had clearly gotten the impression that Tony was up to something, which had made him annoyingly snoopy; he kept trying to make Tony slip up and tell him more. He got as far as a drunken confession that Tony had confirmed his match with Steve, but luckily Tony wasn't so drunk he'd blab the whole plan.
He'd never wanted a soulmate, but if he had to match with someone, Tony was as good as he could hope for: someone he genuinely appreciated and found intriguing. Easy on the eyes, too. Steve had never thought he might end up in a relationship with a man, and he knew that even if they were soulmates, that didn't mean they would. If they did, though—surprisingly enough, he wasn't entirely opposed to the idea. Sure, it also felt a little unnerving, but as much as he was a man of the past, Steve had never been afraid of the new and the unexplored.
Steve had been surprised by this as well, though there were ways to explain it. "It could be a different group. We confiscated most of the tech, but the building still has the right infrastructure, like the plumbing and ventilation for cleanrooms. Someone could've seen the opportunity and taken advantage of it."
Just the idea of a possible way out felt great. Instead of having to indefinitely grit his teeth and passively suffer this situation he'd never wanted to be in, he'd just come up with the beginnings of an escape plan.
"That's demeaning, Tony. They're highly qualified professionals." Hammer shook an index finger at him. It would've been more convincing if the pair hadn't so clearly been set up as accessories. Then again, Steve thought, looking at himself and the frame Tony had put him in, he couldn't claim Tony held any moral high ground in this.
He thought he was imagining things at first when he saw Tony's expression change, his eyebrows knitting together.
"Consulting," Miss Potts said. "Like his father before him. Most of his time goes to managing his company."
Bucky approached the large horned dinosaur cautiously, almost on tiptoe, his arms spread in a hopefully placating gesture.
Bucky wondered if he was blushing, because it certainly felt nice to hear that praise from her. "Thanks," he stammered.
All thoughts of his goal pushed to the background, Steve hurried to Tony's side. From the corner of his eye, he saw one of the drones that had followed them to the room make a move in his direction, only to be held back by Stane.
Tony rested the his cheek against the cool stone wall of his cell, wishing futilely that it'd clear his head.
Terrified that it had been for nothing, barely daring to breathe, Steve pinned Stane down in a shoulder lock and raised his head to look at Tony, eyes skimming upwards along his body, the torn clothes, the old blood stains—but no new ones.
"Good evening," Steve greeted her, offering her a smile. Purposeful manipulation wasn't something he liked doing, but if a few friendly words made it easier to get the information he needed, he wasn't past using that to his advantage.
Thinking about Rhodey just brings Tony's mind right back to Steve. If not for Steve and that whole mess with the Accords, Rhodey wouldn't be in that situation.
"Of course I don't!" Steve exclaimed. "I would've done the same thing. In fact, I might do it when I get the chance. I have no need to remember what he did to me, either."
"What we need to do is to have him cornered so completely that he has no choice but to give me what I'm after." Tony let go of his coffee with one hand to slam his palm against the table as he went on. "No backups, no escape, and no way to call for help."
The dining room was smaller than Bucky would've expected, with a table that couldn't seat more than six. It was now laid out for just one person, but the Mayor's butler soon hurried to bring plates and cutlery for Bucky as well.
"Is he, now," James returned, clearly not convinced. He took hold of Tony's arms and twisted them behind his back to shackle his wrists as usual. "Come on, then. Let's get you to your cell for a nap."
Steve took a deep breath, still undecided on how to place his words. His exhalation came with a faint puff of mist. He crossed his arms, tucking his bare hands in his armpits.
"You know how it feels to be guilty for death and suffering. I'm feeling that now. It never felt right, hiding among humans, but I always thought the others wouldn't even want to be rescued, because they wouldn't know what to do with their freedom. I have to help them, Tony. It's what Captain America would do," Steve says, the intensity of his voice and the fierce look on his face just like his namesake's. "I have to be there and stand by their side."
Soulmates weren't something Steve spent a lot of time thinking about. He had plenty of other things on his mind, things that were actually important, unlike some fringe theories about romantic fairy tales. The occasional, brief conversations with Howard were certainly not enough to sway his opinion.
Traveling across the Rainy Basin on foot could've been a lot of fun if the circumstances had been different, Tony thought. Instead of the easy tracks worn smooth by decades or even centuries of caravans, they were making their way through a pathless jungle. They were reversing the route the Northerners had cleared on the way in, so the jungle wasn't entirely impenetrable, but it was still a proper hike involving several challenging river crossings and many other natural obstacles.
"Friday?" he called out. There was no answer. For a brief moment, he was alarmed, until he realized he'd shut her off himself. "Friday. Unmute. Cancel all my meetings for today."
It took every bit of restraint Steve could find not to flinch at Stane's touch. He spent the walk across the living room focusing intensely on every detail around him, not allowing himself to think. He was afraid that if he let go, his body would betray him, the feeling of being trapped and the fear of pain to come overwhelming him. He stared at the floor, the fine marbled texture of its surface; at the couches they passed, the fabric that might be genuine leather; at the smooth gray walls and an unfamiliar piece of abstract holographic art floating next to one of them.
Maybe he'd been going about this the wrong way, still thinking of their old plan and the need to keep it covert and hidden from SHIELD.
It would've been a good start, if they'd been in the early days. They weren't. "So, in the eighty-five years since the takeover…" Steve began.
Steve didn't miss the name. He knew Janet van Dyne, the host of the unfortunate party with the first fire, often went by that nickname. Come to think of it, Tony may well have been there. Steve had asked Jan for a guest list, but there hadn't been one; it'd been an unofficial gathering without formal invitations. She'd promised to write down all the names she remembered for his next visit. He decided that visit would take place as soon as he was done here.
Bucky didn't really think there would be any harm in what Stark was asking, but his orders were perfectly clear. "You'll just have to wait that much longer, then."
Steve had been so affronted about the whole thing that he'd jumped to assuming the worst. Instead, it looked like what had happened had been a combination of a well-intended but ill-advised choice on Tony's part, and Stane not caring about anything except ways to make Steve useful for himself, therefore choosing to put him in a physically proficient frame.
Tony pursed his lips, glanced away, and then looked at Steve again. "Well, us. I've been thinking about this before, really, but it's just that tonight—you know, when I saw you lying there, dead to the world, I realized I should say something," he explained, looking younger than ever, vulnerable, his eyes glistening. "I mean, you've got all these dangerous assignments—"
Steve settles into a defensive posture right next to Tony, his arms crossed. "What talk? What were you expecting?"
Steve let the curtain slide closed and turned around to face Bruce. He couldn’t have looked less like the Hulk if he’d tried: arms crossed, shoulders hunched, eyeing the floor as if he wanted to sink underneath it. That certainly didn’t make Steve feel better about the situation.
A moment later, a woman's voice spoke up, one that didn't sound familiar to Steve. "Tony? It's me, Maya. I got your message."
The offer was entirely unofficial, and simple enough to understand without a law degree: if Tony and his friends stayed quiet about the whole affair, SHIELD would not pursue any actions against any of them for what they'd done to take down Stane. Tony could go on with his life, back at the helm of his company, and Steve would stay free, pardoned in spite of his new offenses.
Steve had the gun trained on them again, ready to fire as soon as the next attack came—aiming for the legs to keep it non-lethal—when the door opened.
Stark drew back his hand and cast a disappointed look at Bucky. "I've been at this for hours, surely I can take a brief break?" He sounded genuinely tired. The bruises on his face, given by Rumlow over a week ago, were still blue and purple, healing slowly.
When he reached the cells, he was greeted by loud chatter from the cell across from Stark's—the small but vicious-looking dinosaur prisoner was acting more agitated than Bucky had ever seen it. It grabbed the bars of its cell with its clawed hands and nodded repeatedly, as if gesturing towards Stark's cell with its snout.
Tony tossed back the rest of his drink in one go, grimacing. "Yeah. I was getting to it. It's kind of embarrassing. The thing is, I need your help."
Bruce sighed and covered his face with his hands. He neither wanted to nor needed to see this, but he couldn’t leave, either, because the protocol required an observer in case of an emergency.
"You sure, boss?" The AI's voice was softer than usual. She was smart enough to turn down the volume when it was obvious he'd been on a bender. "You've got one with Rhodey, you want to cancel that too?"
"I'd love to catch up with you, but that'll have to wait. We need to get moving," Rhodey said. He let go of Steve's shoulder and turned to face the controls. Right away, the hum of the car engines grew louder, and they started to descend.
"Eliminating Obie's current clone is going to be a lot more difficult when we no longer have anyone on the inside," Pepper said. "He knows I helped you escape. I can't go back."
Steve hurried to cover the remaining ground to the source of the sounds. Trusting his gloves to protect his hands from any remaining heat, he grabbed the sheet of metal and lifted it aside.
As the evening draws inevitably closer, he stops at a stream to drink and to soak his burning feet. It feels amazing, partly because the water is so cold that his toes soon turn entirely numb. He considers sinking his head in the stream as well, since that might offer him some relief from the gnawing headache, but that would be asking for hypothermia.
“You stay out of this!” Steve and Tony yelled at him, the perfectly overlapping timing of their words almost comical.
"I have it on good authority that it's actually a fairly popular hiking destination. Apparently, it's one of the largest wilderness reserves in Finland," Steve informs him. "And yeah, I'm serious. I think it could be a good trust-building exercise. Spend a couple of days out there and talk things through properly, for once and for all. If we get too fed up with each other and need to take a timeout, that's very easy out there."
"Now, I don't really trust the local police these days, and I'd rather not involve SHIELD in this. Ultron's smart, but he's not the best with people, especially with that pesky law that forbids me from putting him in a fake," Tony went on.
It's not something he's even going to consider. He's not going to put Steve in harm's way. Not again.
It was as it'd always been when he was around Tony. He'd expected that to stop when he'd found out they weren't soulmates; he'd thought it'd rid him of these apparently imaginary impressions that he kept having, but it hadn't. The best explanation he'd come up with was that maybe he'd known Howard so well, he could now notice slight changes in Tony's voice and barely perceptible microexpressions on his face so that he could pick up cues he'd miss in anyone else.
"I knew he was trouble from the moment I saw him," Obie says to Tony, sitting down next to him on the couch. "I know you've always wanted to do the right thing, Tony. He just got you confused about what that is. I tried to be patient and waited for you to come to your senses, but I think we're past that now. I can't wait forever."
Tony held his ground, his posture unchanged. "And what if I don't want to talk? Are you going to make me?"
Tony swallowed, but that did nothing to the lump at his throat. "I think we're a match," he blurted out.
Still cuddling Steve, Tony brought his hands to Steve's waistband, his fingers slipping under costume and shorts to Steve's buttocks. Their warmth sent a renewed shiver of want through Steve.
"Should've put you on mute," Tony grumbles, but sets down the screwdriver and goes see where the fire is.
"Won't they? I'm curious to find out." Tony sat down on the bed once again, but he held no knife or pliers this time. Instead, he placed his hand on one of Steve's knees.
"Tell me, Tony. The things you said to me, the night before I died—did you really mean all of it?" Steve asked, on a whim.
What Steve wanted to do next was to rush back to the Groggy Cod, in costume, and interrogate people until he finally got some information about last night, but he knew that'd probably be pointless right now. It wasn't even lunchtime yet, and the bar wouldn't be open. At best, if he was lucky, he might catch some of the staff.
He stays in his spot when Tony continues on his way, and Tony wonders if he'll have a problem with orders as vague as that. He tries not to think of how he could've told Steve to follow him to the shower, and Steve would've done that without a moment's hesitation. It wouldn't even have been particularly wrong to do so—sex with an android is perfectly legal, and entirely ethical, too, according to experts and the general public alike. No need to talk about consent if your partner is a machine.
It's very much a rhetorical question, but of course, Steve answers it anyway. "My core functionalities are well suited for personal protection, so I'd probably be most useful as a bodyguard, but if you don't need one, I can be whatever you need me to be. A servant, an assistant, or a companion."
"We will always do our best to help anyone who's willing to join us in the fight," she said. "And that's why you are here today."
Even at street level, Stark Tower stood out among the buildings. Everyone who was passing by seemed to be giving it a wide berth. While the first few floors of most buildings were commonly neglected by their owners except for the occasional, obligatory structural repairs, this wasn't the case with the Tower. The street level lobby, which was purely utilitarian, with entrances to elevators and a simple information kiosk for visitors, was still clearly well maintained, spotlessly clean—and undoubtedly under Ultron's surveillance. The other people that Steve saw tended to avoid eye contact, walking in hurried steps.
Steve managed to regain his faculties enough to maneuver his hand between them as well. He first pinched a nipple between his fingers. Tony had seemed to like that, last time, and he did now, too, letting out a moan, his grip on Steve loosening and tightening again. Encouraged by the reaction, Steve wormed his other hand out from underneath him, so he could still keep hold of a nipple while also grabbing Tony's cock.
“I never said I agree with it.” Tony sighed “I just think she’s smarter than you give her credit for.”
I shrugged as I sat down on a bench. I always liked going to the park, it felt like a magical forest to me. Once I was inside, away from the people and the buildings,with the hundreds of trees and bridges masking the city, it really felt like a different world.  Dad sat next to me and we both looked out over the grass field in front of us.
We went to the elevator and he pushed the button for the 19th floor. When we arrived, the doors opened into a large formal living area.
“You don’t even live here anymore! You’re not even my real father, you can’t make these decisions for me anymore!” I shouted
“Yes, it was a boy.” I sighed “He’s new at school and I was being friendly. We discussed literature”
“I must be going. It’s a school night.” Loki said and I was sure he was more than ready to get out of there
It seemed like it took weeks for Friday to finally arrive. Between school, avoiding my dad as much as I could without it being obvious that something was wrong, and the anticipation of my first date, time went by painfully slow.  I practically dragged MJ all the way home from school Friday afternoon, and we ran straight to my room. We began throwing clothes out of the closet and onto my bed, trying to find the right outfit to wear. I settled on a knee length red dress that I had bought around Christmas when I went to a work party with Dad. It was cute, but classy, and paired great with my black pumps. As MJ worked on curling my hair while I did my makeup she asked me all sorts of questions.
I had laughed, but Loki didn’t seem amused. I was sure he got comments a lot about their names so I let it go.
I waved as the driver pulled off down the gravel road of the quaint countryside cemetery. Pepper drove Peter, MJ and myself back to the city. My brother wanted ice cream but I was feeling pretty sad and asked to be dropped off at home first. I waved them off as Pepper drove away to take them to the parlor down the street before she took MJ home. I walked inside and made my way across the living room. The house was quiet, I hadn’t expected anyone to be home, but as soon as my foot hit the bottom step I heard a noise coming from the kitchen.  I paused and heard an unfamiliar male voice swearing. I walked quietly toward the kitchen door and pushed it open slowly. I saw a man standing at the island wiping up a spill with Pepper’s good kitchen linens. He was tall, broad shouldered, and wore a dark colored jacket. A hat was pulled down over his face and he continued swearing as he mopped up the liquid.
Sunday morning Dad asked if I wanted to help move stuff to the lake house with him, maybe look at my room there to see if I wanted to redecorate when I moved.  I answered by completely ignoring him and leaving the room. Once he had loaded his car up and left Tony came upstairs.
The next morning Peter and I were eating a bowl of cereal on the island in the kitchen when Dad walked in. Neither of us said anything to him as he walked to the refrigerator to pour himself a glass of orange juice.
“I can imagine it’s hard” I corrected myself “But it isn’t fair to your mother to leave her like that.”
I ended up skipping dinner. I told Peter I was tired and wanted to go to bed early. He believed it and no one bothered me until bedtime, when Tony came up to check on me. I lied to him and told him I was fine and he told me goodnight.
The message stopped, leaving them staring at a freeze-frame of a smirking Stane standing in front of Tony's still form.
The list of mob haunts Steve had gotten from the policeman included four different bars, clubs, or restaurants, all of them located in South Brooklyn, within walking distance of one another. Visiting them all in one night should be doable. More than that, they were close enough to Steve's Lower East Side apartment that he could do the whole excursion on foot.
"Be careful," the Mayor said. "I know you're like me and want to have faith in humanity and see good in everyone, but you mustn't trust him blindly."
"I don't, but it's not our way to ask questions about anyone's past from before they got here," the Mayor said solemnly. Bucky wasn't sure if she was referring to the island, or her town, specifically. "I know enough to tell you're a good person. When you came to us, you were badly hurt, and you went through many difficult weeks. Still, the moment I told you about our situation, you put all your personal suffering behind you and wanted to help. That tells me everything I need to know."
"I'm a mentor, a colleague, and an old friend," Jarvis said, and for the first time, Steve heard some warmth in his voice.
That was that choice made for Tony, then, and just this once, he was perfectly happy to follow Steve’s lead.
Kamski flashes him a smile over the video connection. It's probably meant to look magnanimous; Tony finds it sleazy. "You're welcome. What are friends for, eh?"
Tony's whole body twitched, so hard that he nearly kicked Steve in the face when his knee jerked upwards, and he groaned aloud again. "Ahh, Steve, please!"
Small mercies. Maybe he won't have to worry about the paparazzi yet, then. He should probably try to borrow a phone so he can call Pepper. He's been missing for several days. The friends he still has left have undoubtedly been worried. On the other hand, the nurse said they've already contacted Pepper. They must've told her that he's getting better, and really, that's what he should be focusing on right now. Recovering. Not like he has a whole lot of choice, because his eyelids are drooping even though he's only been awake for a few minutes.
"Look, I know you're new to this, and I know the Mayor and I don't always see eye to eye on things, but let's make one thing clear. This here," Rumlow said, and grabbed the back of Stark's shirt to twist him around roughly so he was facing Bucky, "is not a good person. Stark's the enemy," he spoke, as if Stark couldn't actually hear and understand every word. "And not just any enemy, but worse than most, because he's smart. He'll take whatever you tell him and use it against you. He'll try to get under your skin, and if you're not careful, he'll have you working for him instead of us. So, if you must handle him with kid gloves, fine, but don't fall for his tricks."
"He has?" That was unexpected. Would it have been before or after Steve had met Tony last night? He couldn't very well mention the encounter to her without risking his secret identity, so he asked, "How can you be sure he's not been, say, kidnapped?"
"I had a hunch," Kamski admits, his poker face firmly in place. It's both frustrating and intriguing to try to puzzle out what's going on in this man's head.
This couldn't be happening. Steve couldn't have come all this way and finally found Tony, only to be too late by a matter of minutes.
He'd seen how it looked when people were injected with the original Extremis nanovirus, the screams of pain and the glowing skin. Just as he'd been promised, there was none of that, only a faint tingling and warmth at the IV site. He imagined he could feel the Exvec solution flowing along the vein in his arm, into his heart, then spreading all through his body, into every capillary, every cell, burning away those parts of his genome that said 'Steve'.
"I'm afraid you don't have access to that area," the cab replied. "Please provide an alternative destination."
He backed away on the couch, sitting up and crossing his arms so that she had to let go. "Save me the sales pitch, Pep." He was being unfairly rude. He couldn't help it. "I've been in the business long enough. I know all the clichés. It's not going to be like that between me and Steve. I'm not even sure he feels it. If he does, or if he ever finds out, he sure as hell isn't going to be okay with it."
Steve looked at the two people sharing the table with him, and noted the changes in their expressions as they heard the words. Happy made a little nod, his lips quirking, while Pepper seemed to tense, drawing a sharp breath. Her face looked odd thanks to the subtle layer of anti-facial-recognition makeup she wore. Although it was barely noticeable to human eyes, it should confuse most AIs. Steve knew his own features would be similarly distorted, since she'd applied the same camouflage on him. It was a common trick in criminal circles, and apparently also among the ultra-rich who wanted to go incognito, which was how she'd come across it.
Take Pepper, for one. Tony didn't get any kind of a magical synchronization vibe from her, and yet he loved her more than he'd ever loved anyone before. He'd give up everything for her. He'd pluck the arc reactor from his chest and hand it out if she asked him to. That had to be worth something, even if they didn't share some random string of DNA.
"The next thing I knew, I was on the floor, flat on my back, with Rhodey kneeling by my side. My heart was fluttering, skipping beats, and it felt as if there were a terrible crushing weight on my chest, though there was nothing on it."
"Sorry, I didn't mean to stare. I thought you seemed familiar," Steve said. He hoped Tony wouldn't recognize his voice. He tended to speak differently in costume; it'd become a role that he fell into without even thinking about it, pronouncing everything more clearly, the pitch of his voice slightly lower than it'd naturally be.
Whatever was going on with Tony, whether he was acting himself or not, Steve couldn't deny that he was very, very attractive.
Sometimes, it amused him in a bittersweet way how much he and Pepper were like the proverbial old married couple, even though they'd never ended up together.
"Then you couldn't have known. Just like you couldn't know that the Northerners weren't telling you the truth," Steve said resolutely. "I don't blame you for anything."
"I'll take that as a yes, then." Tony seems amused, not angry, and from what Steve can tell, it's not in a sneering, sarcastic way.
He looked up, trying to blink away the tears brought on by the chilly wind, making his bleary vision worse. They were in a car, and the speaker was leaning towards Steve from the driver's seat. For a brief moment, Steve thought he was facing Nick Fury, but this man had hair, and both his eyes seemed natural, not mismatched like Fury's.
Steve pressed a kiss on his temple and hugged him tighter. "There's nothing I can say to make you change your mind about this, is there?"
Hammer must've realized that Steve was right as well, because suddenly, all the noise died out, leaving them in a silence broken only by shaky breathing and the sound of distant traffic beyond shattered windows.
Steve held Tony by the shoulders, admiring his bare upper body. It looked just as he remembered it: lean muscles and unblemished skin, with a soft golden shimmer that he thought was mostly reflected light from the fireplace. There was no sign of the bullet wounds. If Steve hadn't seen them with his own eyes, he would never have guessed Tony had been injured at all. He explored the silky smooth skin with his fingers, drawing a line down Tony's sternum, over his stomach, and back again, enjoying the quiver of muscles under his fingertips and the stutter in Tony's breathing. Finally, he brought his hand up again to rest his palm over the excited throb of Tony's heartbeat.
"No, that won't be enough," Steve insists. "He's very sick—he's unconscious and he won't wake up. He needs proper medical care. Please, if there's any chance you could contact the emergency services—"
Steve pulled out his finger, and added a second, pushing in again, carefully, gently. Tony was relaxed enough that there wasn't much resistance. "Does this mean I pass this part of the inspection?" he asked.
"He—he did what," he stammered, feeling like he'd been punched in the gut, the wind knocked out of him. "You can do that? Tony, is that true?" Steve's fingers clenched around Tony's forearm so tightly it had to be painful, but Tony barely seemed to notice.
Pepper shook her head. "Tony wouldn't be a part of something like that. Not even if he were up to his neck in trouble. I know him well, and he's a good man, Captain. He'd never harm anyone without very good reason, and I can't imagine anything that could compel him to burn someone alive. No. He can't be behind that. Unless—" She fell silent again, pursing her lips, her expression turning from thoughtful to openly distressed.
"So, you speak English, then?" Stark tried as they left the room, picking their route through the corridors towards the Vault, which was located on the same underground level of the castle. "You must be recent. Where are you from?"
A few young and adventurous human locals had also offered their assistance, but after a long conversation, Steve and the others had turned them down, opting for a team where everyone knew each other. So there were only the six of them: Steve, Sam, Rhodey, Jarvis, Pepper, and Natasha, who was invaluable as a guide. She knew the Northerners' trade routes, and had planned their itinerary to avoid them.
He opens his eyes, trying to brace himself for anything and everything. The first thing he sees is still a profound shock.
When the channel finally came to life again, it wasn't Tony's voice, but Rhodey's. "We've got incoming. Drones, at least four."
"You don't need to apologize. I wouldn't have made it out without you." Tony wasn't going to hold a grudge against him. He knew Bucky had been in a hard place, and he'd as good as seen the internal struggle Bucky had been going through. "I'm not surprised you were stubborn when you thought you were doing the right thing. I can guess who you've learned that from."
Tony shifted away from Steve, clasping his hands together behind his back. "It's not like they'd drive me away with torches and pitchforks, if that's what you're imagining," he clarified. "It's just this quiet resentment, those glances that say they wouldn't be too sad if I tripped and fell head-first into one of the chasms. I disturbed the peace of their gateway to the underworld, beneath that very city, and laid my hands on the ancient technology. Even though there's no church to condemn me in this land, they still see it as a kind of sacrilege."
“I’m fine, too,” Steve said stiffly. He was sore all over, but that was barely worth mentioning. “I can’t remember how I got here, though, after we…“ He trailed off, unable to complete the sentence. In spite of the running jokes about Steve and swearing, he had no gripes with strong language, but now, his mouth was refusing to form the words ‘fuck’ or even ‘sex’. He made a vague hand gesture instead.
Steve's face fell. "Oh, that's terrible, I'm so sorry." He let go of the metal arm and put his hand on Bucky's good shoulder instead. "I'm sure I can't even begin to imagine everything you've had to go through, but I'm so glad you're alive, you have no idea."
This time, he wasn't entirely sure if the way his breath caught at his throat was just emotions, or something physically wrong with his lungs.
Twenty days. Twenty-one. Three weeks that Tony had been alone in the hands of the enemy. Natasha estimated that they would need at least another four days to reach Crabb Castle, and they didn't even know if Tony was there.
"That doesn't mean it has to be like that now," Steve said. "I'm offering you a chance to explain yourself."
"I didn't believe I'd come across a solution, not anymore, not after the war. I was resigned to my fate, and then this happened. I haven't been this healthy in decades." Tony didn't sound happy at all about it, his voice bitter. "No more worries about running out of charge. No aches or pains, either. I was starting to feel my years, and that's all gone. I might live much longer than any ordinary man, now. And if I had the choice, I'd rather go back to what I had before. If I have to spend the rest of my life in isolation, well, as you put it, I might as well be in prison."
It still takes a long time to locate Steve; they have a lot of ground to cover, and most of it is densely forested and covered in a thick layer of snow, making it difficult to get a visual lock on anything. If Steve's comms had been online, they could've gotten to him in minutes, but without them, it's hours, instead.
Steve would've preferred to just hop on his bike and drive through the night to get to Tony as soon as possible, but he had a meeting scheduled with the FDNY regarding the fires first thing in the morning. Perhaps that was for the best; waking Tony by showing up at his door at dawn would definitely not be the best of ideas. Steve would have to be careful. He'd seen what Tony could do when he was cornered and desperate.
He wasn't sure how long he stayed where he was, sitting on the damp, mossy rock. With the sun almost gone, the air was rapidly cooling down. Steve was used to the cold, and it shouldn't have bothered him, but somehow it seemed to chill him right to the bone.
He watched the man lead Tony not to the front door, but to a door at the back, and out of the room. No one else seemed to be paying any attention to them.
Steve let him work at it, enjoying the sensations instead of responding actively, that odd combination of slightly less pressure and more taste than in an organic frame. The notes of coffee were definitely still there, but there were also exciting traces of hormones, a signal of Tony's arousal that he couldn't have normally picked up. That sent a buzz of excitement through his synthetic nerves, right through to his cock.
Steve made sure to stay true to his word, quickly going over the injured area to pinpoint the two fractures JARVIS had mentioned. To his relief, he found nothing to suggest that the AI might’ve underestimated their severity; no deformity, no abnormal movement of the chest wall. Putting together that and the lack of any signs to suggest internal bleeding meant that he could finally stop worrying quite so much.
In spite of himself, he can't help thinking about Tony. Tony would come up with some clever workaround for reaching the cellular network or a communications satellite, but Steve hasn't seen any sign of him in this valley. He shouldn't care, and yet, he can't help but wonder—there's a growing note of worry at the back of his mind that he's been ignoring so far, and it refuses to go away. Out here, this kind of weather can be dangerous for someone who's not prepared for it.
Steve hadn't realized the situation was so dire. The Northerners were something most Dinotopians avoided talking about, and because of that, Sam hadn't been able to give him very much detail on the topic. Still, Steve had expected that here, close to the disputed area, the locals would know more.
He gazed at the view outside, and it was the same as ever, the gray sky surrounding the buildings around them, painted in various colors where the lights from company logos reflected against clouds. The air was busy with afternoon traffic. In this room, with both of them in new bodies and facing the world as a couple, it felt like so much had changed, but out there, nothing had. Most people had no idea that there were new winds blowing at the top of Stark Tower.
Tony groans, straightening up in his chair and rolling his sore neck and shoulders. "Ugh, what time is it? What visitor?" he asks groggily. "I'm not supposed to have visitors."
"You were there with me that night. You saw how much I enjoyed it," Steve reminded him. "There was nothing false about that. I doubt there's an actor on the whole planet who could be that convincing."
"I did," Steve said. He'd been almost certain about it, until he'd gotten those results that he'd falsely thought proved him wrong. "I bet he did, too."
He hated giving up, but he had to admit defeat for this round. Frustrated beyond words, he took the elevators up again and spent the next few hours in the gym, trying to work it out of his system.
He tried to think of what else he could do to be better prepared for the evening, but he didn't come up with much. He'd explored all the leads he'd had. There were no stones left unturned.
"Leave it, Buck!" Steve shouted. Bucky could barely make out what he was saying over the howling wind, but even though his next sentence was lost under the noise, the intention was clear. Steve thought they didn't have a chance. He wanted them to jump.
"Fine," Steve said. He had no need to turn this into an argument. Instead, he headed out of the room to see if the bathroom was free.
Steve checked the site from the map beforehand, and drove there with plenty of extra time so he could park his bike on a side street, out of sight. He then walked to the end of the street using what cover he could find, careful not to be seen by anyone. Thankfully, it was a quiet area at this time of the evening, mostly full of big warehouses. The falling twilight gave him some additional cover.
Steve might be able to shake off a pursuer on a bike, but for Barton to have found him like this, he had to be tracking Steve. That would make running pointless, unless he managed to either shoot Barton before Barton shot him, or damage the bike enough to disable it. Shooting at a police officer would put his name even closer to the top of the most-wanted list. Not the best of plans.
He'd just sit here for a moment, see if he could learn anything new, and walk away before it could turn into anything more than casual flirting, he decided. That wouldn't be too bad. He could still live with himself after that.
It was difficult not to sympathize with him. He spent all his time in the dank, ill-lit dungeon, after all, and although he was getting regular meals now, they barely seemed like enough. If Bucky occasionally tried to smuggle him more than what was the prisoners' usual fare, it was just because of basic human decency, he told himself. Not because he thought Stark deserved special treatment. Definitely not because he was starting to warm up to him.
The Exvec solution didn't look like much: a single test tube full of clear liquid that seemed slightly more viscous than water when he tilted it between his fingers. He thought it should've been more dramatic. Glowing like embers, maybe, like Extremis had. This wasn't Extremis, though. It was completely tamed, nothing left but a shell in which they could put whatever payload they wanted.
"A part of it," Tony says. Surprisingly enough, although it's been a few days, Kamski still hasn't contacted Tony to talk about the rest of their deal. Tony isn't going to take the first step when it comes to that.
Steve glanced at the speaker. His frame looked like a man in his thirties, with auburn hair and a lanky build that reminded Steve of his own birth body. In place of a uniform, he wore a hybrid of formal attire and scrubs: crisply pressed charcoal trousers and a high-collared turquoise jacket, all of it precisely tailored. His name tag was a rectangular screen seamlessly inset into the jacket's breast, and it identified him as Randall Jones.
They didn't hear from Tony or Rhodey again during the ten-minute drive back. Both Clint and Natasha did contact them, each of them sounding shocked. Clint promised he'd meet them at the workshop as soon as he could get there, while Natasha, regretful, said she'd still have to go to the clinic to catch up with Stane in his new clone. If she didn't, her cover would be blown, and it was more important than ever for her to maintain it now.
"Great idea," Steve agreed. He got to his feet, considered his stained fingers for a moment, and decided that he could clean his slacks easily enough later. He kept his eyes on Tony as he kicked off his shoes, slowly worked open his fly and freed his so far neglected hard-on. His clothing wasn't particularly tight, but it still felt great to be free of it.
Tony frowned at her. It sounded like she was expecting him to catch on, but he had no idea what she was getting at. "That there will be plenty more disappointed people in the world when they realize that finding your soulmate isn't a shortcut to bliss and harmony?" he suggested.
Tony jerked at the impacts and cried out in pain. In the light of the flames, Steve could see the dark stains spreading over the front of his coveralls. He'd been hit at least five times, and there was no doubt in Steve's mind that they were the kinds of wounds no one could survive.
That didn't seem to impress Jarvis in the slightest. "Clearly, they didn't know he was there. He has a penchant for trouble and more lives than a cat."
Steve's hand was still there, though it had moved, so that it was covering Tony's, big and solid and safe. Tony was half afraid that when he opened his eyes, he'd find out it wasn't real, after all, but it was: the first thing he saw was Steve sitting next to his bed.
In hindsight, he should've suspected this right away. He'd guessed James had to be a recent arrival, and he knew how rarely people from the outside world ended up on the island. Years could pass without a single newcomer. It just hadn't crossed his mind that Steve's brother in arms might be working for the Northerners, and since Steve had repeatedly referred to Bucky as a kid and the little brother he'd never had, Tony had imagined him to look younger. Besides, Steve had never mentioned Bucky's full name—talking about him had been so painful to Steve that they had mostly avoided it—and Bucky wasn't the most obvious nickname for someone called James.
He can't keep going for much longer. If he knew he was getting somewhere soon, he could keep pushing, but looking at this view, he must still have hours left to go. He simply doesn't have that in him.
"I met someone who knew," Steve replied. He'd probably end up telling Tony about the resistance sooner or later, but not until he was entirely convinced he could trust him. "Was Stane working for them?"
They still hadn't really talked about the whole shitstorm known as the Accords. Tony had mostly been avoiding Steve. That had been easy, since the compound was big, and Tony had enough work to keep him busy, so that he wasn’t even there most of the time. Now, though, his luck had run out.
But then, all of a sudden, the smile froze on Steve's lips, everything about him closing up, his expression growing dark, like storm clouds shrouding the sun.
"I've got the strangest feeling, you know. It's like I always knew this would happen," Tony said, because he'd drunk enough that his filters were down. "That I was so angry and annoyed about all this bullshit, because deep down I knew it was actually true and dad was right, and I was just waiting for the other shoe to drop."
He could swear he heard Steve's voice saying things Steve would never, ever really say. That he missed Tony, and that he wanted to fix things between them. He can't remember seeing Steve's face when he said that, though. He must've imagined the whole thing.
"Yeah. I do," Steve admitted. It made far too much sense, it explained far too much. Things had made less sense when he'd thought they weren't soulmates.
It always came back to Tony. Steve couldn't deny that—although, if Tony had really wanted to help him find out what had happened to his team, he could've done so already instead of deflecting and feigning ignorance. But maybe, just maybe, Steve had been too quick to pass judgement, and Tony was keeping him in the dark to protect him from SHIELD.
As he starts reeling in his kite, he gets a bird's-eye view of his immediate surroundings. Steve is standing on top of a nearby hill. He's facing Tony, clearly still trying to keep track of him. Tony scoffs.
"In my position, trusting people generally isn't very smart," Tony said, sounding entirely blasé about it. "Pepper's been around for longer, but I'm convinced she's mainly here because it's a stable, high-profile, well-paid job with great benefits, not because she likes me. She left for a couple of years, once, and came back, I suppose because she found out that the grass isn't greener on the other side. But that was a long time ago, fifty years or so. Natalie, I haven't quite figured out yet. She's only been on my payroll for a year. Trying to kill me would be a very bad career move, though, and she seems motivated."
Steve joined the authorities in herding the crowd away and clearing a path for the firefighters carrying a gurney out of the front doors. They'd covered the victim with a blanket to shield them from view, but the glimpses Steve caught were enough to put his fears to rest. The outline of the figure under the cloth was unmistakably bigger than Tony; even though the person's height was hard to estimate, he was bulky and barrel-chested. Tony's build was much slimmer.
Even though his ears were ringing, he could hear the dinosaurs' distressed roars. He also felt the rumble of their heavy footfalls as they backed away, skirting past him.
Tony didn't react to anything that was happening, alarmingly quiet and still as Steve took him in his arms.
By the time JARVIS has managed to extract him from the suit in the 'shop, he can barely stay on his feet. Everything aches. The floor looks inviting, but he knows how much he'd regret sleeping on it later. He staggers to the stairway and up, leaning heavily on the railing.
"Fine," Tony replies, out of habit. It's not really true; now that he's fully awake, he realizes that he's so exhausted, he wouldn't mind going straight back to sleep, and his every muscle aches. He's not sure he could get up if he wanted to; his limbs are so heavy, it's as if someone upped the gravity a few G's. "Where am I? What happened?"
