He fucking did it. He achieved the impossible against one of the best teams in baseball, and he did it because he's a damn good pitcher, who has a damn good partner catching for him.
She wraps her thin arms around him in a tight hug, her blonde hair tickling his chin when he hugs her back. “What’s wrong, daddy?” Her voice is a careful whisper.
“Hell no,” Dean answers, scowling in the direction Sam went as Cas puts the jeep into drive. He tucks his damn feet in to be safe and tries to forget about his dumbass little brother. “Sam’s just an idiot.”
He’s just going to call. How bad can it be? But what if this is Cas’ move? Draw a quick sketch of a stranger and scribble his number on the bottom of the page. It’s a good move, hell, it’s working on Dean. What if Cas does it so often he won’t even remember who he used it on?
Cas pulls his vape pen out of his corset—hot—and passes it to Dean while they walk the block and a half home. The smoke sinks into his bones before he passes it back. Dean stretches his cape over Cas’ shoulder and Wonder Woman tucks himself into Dean’s side.
His husband is made of stars, and Cas is lucky to be able to worship him, to live within his orbit. Dean has always been special, more than most, and Cas does what he can to make sure he knows it.
Today, he’s sharply dressed in a brand new tutu, black with strips of blue, purple, and pink, with glittery silver stars on the tips. Castiel swears that instead of his normal trot, Pug is prancing a little more than usual and he’s not sure if it’s because he feels handsome, or if it’s because he can pick up on their nervous energy.
Dean paces and Cas’ eyes track him from the couch. He’s stretched out, sketchpad and pencil in hand as Dean argues with his little brother.
“Cas, there's no way in hell you're sitting on any surface in this bunker until you shower. I'll leave some clothes out for you, you leave the suit and the trench in the bathroom. Might be easier to just burn them.”
He shakes his head and quirks an eyebrow that asks the same of Dean. Dean would but he can’t, already knowing that he has a drug test coming up, probably in the next few days since practice is about to start. He smirks and shakes his head no as well.
“We did it, man, can you believe it?” Dean whispers his question into Cas’s shirt, and Cas’s breath hitches near his ear. It tickles and Cas smells warm, like cedar and their sheets, and suddenly, Dean wishes they were in their room and in their bed, celebrating the biggest accomplishment in both their lives.
“Better than I could have ever hoped.” And now he’s back in their village, with Dean, and with Pug, and it’s—it’s everything. It makes him smile wider. “Were you waiting for me?”
Dean paces. He’s usually good at making decisions but when he can’t quite decide, he paces. It used to drive Lisa crazy, Sam too, but Dean has found that when he’s idle, his thoughts race and he has trouble focusing.
“Are you seriously proposing that Indiana Jones was irrelevant to his own story, Dean? Even for you, this is absurd.”
Smith Hall is busy enough for Dean to walk in like he belongs there, and his heart beats faster, the closer he gets to room two-two-seven. He barely has to knock when the door swings open, Cas wild eyed on the other side. They both start talking at the same time.
“Yes, Spielberg just decided to make his main character of a planned trilogy completely obsolete to his own story. Makes perfect sense.” Cas shoves at him with a grin and Dean slides off the couch in slow motion, sprawling on his back between the couch and the coffee table, laughing the whole way down. When he tries to sit up, he realizes how drunk he is and falls back to the floor.
Sam thought of Jack, about his little lungs. He almost denied her, except Dean cut in and shrugged, “Sure, why not.” Sam glared at him, nodding his head at the carrier. “What? It’s not like it’ll do any damage
“I don’t think Heaven is above,” Dean tells him, “I think it’s down here. It’s so beautiful… and everything around us is amazing…”
Jack holds onto the keys tightly, eyes misting over the fabricated moment. “Thank you, Dean," he whispers, truly touched by the false gesture.
Dean let go, marching into the backyard. Silently Dean joined Sam, amassing wood in his stead while Sam assembled the pyres.
Mia cared too little to analyze at the moment. It wouldn’t do Mia any good doing so, either. She sensed an answer that, in her current state, she might not like. Mia also recognized what Dean tried doing. Therapists smelled avoidance like vamps did blood. She glossed over his question with attempted ease, shrugging, breaking their locked gaze. “Call it being sentimental,” she said, “or curious. Whatever you feel like.”
“You’re telling me,” he says, “they had me doing the worst jobs. Like, bottom of the barrel. And constantly they’d have a cop with me at all times, watching me. In case I ran off ‘
“I… I’m not sure what that means,” Castiel says, “But it’s not that bad. My people are…” He can’t finish that truthfully, instead placing a comforting hand on his shoulder, “There’s a lot to explore.” He finishes lamely.
of anger and hate and venom… but empty, at the same time.” Dean sagged, shoulders drooping as he shunted the heavy baggage he carried for, what Mia guessed, decades. “This was stupid,” he said, “I shouldn’t have come here –“
But that night… Did he ask about missing persons because he wanted tips on staging his own disappearance, or was there something more Jack kept from him?
“…Got it from a friend.” He won’t further entertain conversation about Dean’s amulet, traversing the path towards Andy’s van in silence while his friend yammers on about what he’s been doing. Weathers the one-sided conversation until they’re a block from Angel Oasis and Cas turns the volume knob loud enough rock music overpowers the younger man.
She was angry then, too. Like she swallowed something rotten and was waiting for the chance to send it back up. Something huge that, when it splashes onto the shore like a beaching whale, will leave no one dry.
Cas accepts her clue, reading the line where the officer marked the location. Recognizing the area code, he swallows a groan. “I think this might,” he tells her, “thank you, Kelly. Not just for this but for telling me everything. It must have been hard.”
“Funny how we consider our homes the same,” Castiel tells him, “But if the land has rules… and the ocean has rules… is there anywhere that’s truly
Claire smiles, wetting her thumb and pointer finger so she can pinch the smoldering nub. “It was the only night I could get off.”
Dean shakes his head, situating himself better on the bed. He sits at the foot of it, toeing off his snakeskin boots and then peeling off the dark grey dress socks he wore with them. While pulling at his tie, Cas returns with their bags. He doesn’t close the door after, and a blustery chill fills the space. Goosepimples erupt in scattered bunches up and down Dean’s arms. “Close the door!” he yells, dumping the tie onto the slowly growing pile of discarded clothing. His suit jacket joins his tie and socks and boots as Cas deposits their bags by the television. He then hits the door with his elbow, shutting out the wind. Cas gestures at the closed door with a flourish and wry grin. Dean scoffs, “Ugh, who’s bright idea was it to do this in
“These are police files,” he hisses, whacking Castiel in the chest with them. Past the boundaries of personal space, “not just that, they’re
Dean sat in the driver’s seat, engine running. He revved it as a warning while Sam safely tucked Jack in the back, Sam glaring at Dean’s dead-eyed expression in the rearview. His irritation ebbed by the time he joined Dean up front. The passenger side door barely closed, and Dean hit the pedal. Sam buckled his seatbelt
’ too often… but Andy!” He latches onto his friend, shaking him, “Andy knows these streets as well as I do. Better than me, actually. If you want to know something, he’s definitely your best bet.”
“That’s great,” he says, “Wish I knew from the start, though, I feel bad I messed up your rhythm by being here.”
Sam ignored him, balling his shirt between twitching fingers. “So,” he started, “did you figure out if we’ve got a case or not?” He opened his duffel, zipper ripping through the silence of what he chose not to say.
“No one needs a cop,” she tells him, scowling. Venom dripping from her words. She glances at Cas with similar fury, “You his partner? Huh? Did I stumble into some sting –“
Jack reads over his latest story, searching for any errors and typos. He has trouble, though, since every now and then he loses himself in the story. When Jack catches himself enjoying his work too much, however, he glances over in the mirror. Luckily his eyes hadn’t turned golden at all since his attempt at 'crack'.
One final block and the stranger’s pace relaxes, too. Cas carries on, and strolls by him while he chats with a vendor selling fruit outside his storefront. When he reaches the next corner, Cas lays himself flat against the edge. Peers around said edge, locking onto the leather briefcase that practically announces its value with how it beautifully reflects the late sun’s glow. Then his gaze drifts nearby at the gun tucked carefully away under his suit jacket. The handle peeking from behind the flaps when he pays the vendor for a banana. He turns and Cas hides again. Listens for the telltale clicks of his heels growing closer. A black wingtip shoots forward first, and Cas spins into the stranger with careless force. Knocks them both onto the ground, files fluttering around them after a very convincing nudge from his pointer finger.
“Then I guess I’ll be the first?” Dean asks. The bartender huffs softly under breath, he and Dean reveling silently. They connect over this interloper’s antics. With a subtle shift in the bartender’s gaze, a snide flash of teeth, Dean understands. He’s not the first, only the latest. Certainly not the last.
“I’ll take care of him.” Cas looks between the two girls, Kaia hunched over in her seat. “Kaia, was it? You and Claire can sleep on my couch for the night. I’ve got a few beach towels lying around you can use as blankets – Claire’ll know what they look like.”
“Thank Poseidon you’re back to yourself,” Castiel sighs, letting go, “I almost lost you back there…”
Cas snaps, grinning. “Oh yes! I remember seeing people like you mention. The boys who look like girls with their long hair?”
“What?” Dean barked, “Not like I’m annoying anyone.” He gestured around the waiting room, sweeping his arm to show Sam all the vacant seats pushed against the walls. “Am I?”
“Something like that. Had a few meetings here and there with HR, interrogations in all but name… made me pee in a cup, too. Routine drug testing.” Cas walks over, sitting next to Dean; knees pressed against each other. “Knew I’d have to keep things close to my chest if I wanted to survive. Adapt, throw off their doubts.” He looks up at Cas, then, with a crestfallen expression. It reminds Cas of the officer he met in a dark alleyway, nice despite what the world threw at him. Surfacing as an apology for being sacrificed in Dean’s mission.
. A young kid, barely old enough for all the hair on his uncovered chest and looking like every other white boy who washes up on their shores from the East. Andy talks up a chick with burnt red locks tied in a complicated braid. Leaning on the side of his van, one hand brushing at the freckles on her shoulder while the other tugs on the split ends tickling his neck. The back of his van is open, and Cas sees the makeshift bed. They lock eyes, Andy winking. Cas nods and carries on as his neighbor seals the deal. Andy needs a little fun if he’ll be camping in his van for the next few days.
Cas ate like a king, stacking slices on top of each other and stuffing them in his face. He and Crowley swept through dinner, and as the ink dried on the last of Cas’s fake form two empty boxes were scattered on the floor.
He might not, but Sam did. He leapt between them, quickly disarming Dean. Sam twisted Dean’s wrist until he dropped the gun into Sam’s waiting hand. “Stop it.”
baby, cooing sweet nothing that tumbled out of him as if they were sand in a broken hourglass, shards mixed within. Dean spied a rocking chair in the corner and, with Sam’s piercing gaze studying him, Dean collapsed into it.
Dean spins the dial on his glare, disgust intensifying with each click. “Thanks, but I’d rather stay…
“That you look like you’ve had enough.” Blue Eyes accepts the glass of tequila, tapping its rim against his chin, lime wedge hitting the corner of his quirked lips. “How many of those vodkas have you had?”
From there any doubt about the day’s plans fly out the open window as the Impala speeds down the highway. Jack lets the waves of music and conversation roll over him, setting his body at peace. The lingering emptiness from his battle with Michael all but nearly vanishes as the warmth from his family fills him fully. Each time Dean and Sam snipe at each other in brotherly affection, or Castiel lays a hand on Dean’s shoulder when his eyes stay off the road longer than they should; even when Jack wins ‘I Spy’ by picking the tiniest object imaginable and gets three sets of grumbled congratulations reminds him that even if it might be tiny, a fraction of his soul grows from the speck left. It might not ever return to its full glory, still he will cling to that string of humanity with all his strength.
time.” Dean rolled his eyes at Sam, then wretched himself free from Sam’s hold. Sam steered the conversation from there, “Sorry about him. We were here wondering if you might have an opening today?”
at it.” Dean gnaws on his lips, face steadily growing redder. Until finally he hops forward, storming out his apartment. “Whatever, I’m leaving.” Dean slams the door on his exit, Cas flinching from the sound. Staring since it hadn’t closed all the way, opportunity slowly widening.
Castiel waits for the former human to answer with what he hopes is a non-threatening smile. His expression doesn’t seem to aid in easing the new merman into their body. As the silence drags on Castiel notices the other’s tail flap ever more erratically.
The only difficulty in their retreat was tearing Dean from the dance floor. Like an over-excited dog, Cas fought the other man. Keeping a firm hold, not losing him in that crowd again. Wrapping an arm around his waist, Cas better manages in restraining him. They hurry through the threshold, leaving the swirling stronghold of negativity and strangeness in their wake.
“This would be your first picnic right Jack?” Dean chuckles, elbowing him lightly in the ribs, “Maybe we should bring a camera, put it in a scrapbook?”
“That is unfortunate,” Castiel agrees, “I’ll admit I had my worries after… taking down Michael must have required a serious amount of power, and with how much of your soul was left prior…”
Those pearled emotions seal themselves tightly in a clamshell, Castiel sending them back into murky depths. “How would you know?”
Cas smiled, places a feather-light kiss against her chin. “I dig. Even if we never have sex again, I enjoy being your friend.” He did, and still does. Because Meg has a special talent understanding his scattered thoughts better than he ever could.
Sam,” Dean drags him into another hug. This one less awkward than the first, Sam anticipating it. Mirrors his actions, returning the gesture. “For always being by my side, and inspiring me to find a better choice. I wouldn’t be here without you.”
Castiel nearly forgot about his own worries. Dean’s casualness brings them back full force. He stills, Dean passing him with his strokes.
He relents for the time being. Proud of what cracks in Dean’s armor he made. When Chuck sent him, he asked Lucifer to ruffle a few feathers. Mess with their heads, ensure this ragtag group of losers would stay down. Accept their fate, end this miserable experiment called humanity in sadness. “Don’t provoke them too much, though,” Chuck warned, fists curled along his jacket’s lapels, “Betrayals only work when the other side doesn’t expect them. Plot’s stretched thin as it is, bringing you back doesn’t really make sense –“
’ took us across the fucking country!” Dean rubs at his jaw, boring a hole into an empty pizza box abandoned by Cas’s coffee table. “Do you know what it’s like growing up in a wagon? Living in motel rooms where the most alone time I got was fetching ice? Chasing after ghosts, uprooted constantly because dad ‘caught a
“…Perhaps I can wait,” Castiel says. Then he stomps away while Sam groans, hands pressed to his temple.
“Easy there,” Dean hollered, bent over the sink while the faucet showered down on his head. “I’d like to
Cas fiddles with the brim of his hat, leg bouncing while he sits in the clinical interrogation room. Focuses on the tight weaving of the headpiece instead of peering at hidden faces behind the two-way mirror or banging an obnoxious rhythm on the stainless-steel table. Although his control falters. Rebellious urges rising from within, whispering tempting dares in his ear.
them.” He wiggles his fingers, showing off the sparkly pink. “Did the same for my toes as well.” Standing on one foot, he holds the other aloft so Jack can see the neon pink there, too. “Do you think they look pretty and cool?”
Cas swings the shoes from crooked fingers, humming. “It hasn’t even been twenty-four hours since you were drugged,” he says, “you’re in no condition to be going
nice, buddy.” Lucifer pokes at Dean’s leg with the toe of his boot. “Why don’t you grow some thick skin, huh? Where’s the
He can’t remember when his finger slid free, but it did and, while spit-slick, jabs at Roidy’s brick-wall chest. “Not interested pal,” he says, “Why don’t you try a different fella?”
“I must say, before we begin, I didn’t think there was still any interest in my husband,” she says, “There wasn’t much that was said about him after he was… displaced from his company, and the circles I ran in stopped mentioning him altogether – at least when I was in their presence.”
Blushing, Dean briefly darts his gaze away. “I like you the way you are,” he mumbles. Coughs, as if it could erase what was said and what he continues saying, “Don’t ever change, okay?”
He didn’t dwell on it for long. Dean burst into the room, gun at the ready, his glare darting around the room. “Sam?” he asked, locking eyes with him from the doorway, “What the hell happened in here?”
. Jack’s gaze widens in terror watching two of his father figures try and devour each other. While writing the kiss, Jack didn't think about what the scene might look like. Too busy adding details he knew made no sense when paired with kissing. At one point Dean’s tongue licked along Castiel’s jaw line before the other man’s tongue found it and they wrestled once more.
“I don’t know,” Cas yells, sitting on Dean's bed. Swings his legs up, melting into the mattress. “Didn’t expect your reading habits to be so…
He stands beside the kitchen counter, stirring the punch bowl. Transfixed by the miniature whirlpool he creates. Focusing on that instead of the discordant melody echoing in this room. The music that blasted loudly in the main room splintered the further you traveled through the building, each space sounding different than the last. Here, the words follow the instruments a beat later, like a poorly dubbed foreign film.
“What a kind leader…” Cas sighs, setting the report back into the folder. He flips through the documents compiled within, frowning when it seems there is nothing else. Cas grabs the rap sheet again and stares at it. Falls back along the steps and lifts the page over the sun. Doing so reveals a square shadow hiding text. “Huh?”
“Or what?” He laughed, inching away from them to where Jack was. “Y’know… I thought hunters had a little more sense than bringing babies on a hunt.” Buddy said. In response, Jack’s voice rose to a pitch that made Sam wince. “Dammit!” Buddy growled, stomping closer to Jack, crouching in front of him. Buddy shook the carrier, “Can you stop that! Can you
“Easy for you to say,” Rufus huffs, glancing up at him. Color returning to his skin. “You young men can hope like you can piss, eat, and fuck. I don’t think I’ve got any left in me.”
“We were here to take down Lucifer, end of story,” Dean spat, knocking items onto the floor in his fervor. He tore through like a whirlwind, throwing food everywhere. Eggs, lettuce, ketchup and pickles – no
Groaning, Chuck knocks his head against Cas’s shoulder. Repeatedly, harder and harder. Each swing whacking at his cool façade. “Love!” he bemoans, “Your love for
Jack frowns at the sight, perplexed. He repeats their confessions to himself, wondering why they would try and recreate their union. They already told each other of their feelings the day prior. In the library, with him and Sam as witnesses. Dean and Castiel stormed in while they organized the books, yelling over each other. The fight was baseless from what Jack could tell, since their lives were relatively quiet these past few months. But they snarled and pushed until finally Castiel had Dean pressed against a shelf, kissing him. After that they couldn't keep their eyes off each other.
Dean focuses only on the music and dancing. It’s easy, losing himself in the rhythm. Forgetting who he is, where he is, and
He listens, pocketing the note and grabbing one of the metal folding chairs leaning against the wall. Cas squeezes between one woman with an afro puff and a man whose bald head shone with aid of the buzzing fluorescents. They slide from him, chairs squeaking as they gave him a wide berth. “I wasn’t interrupting anything, was I?”
Which is why she stands out so easily. When he steps around a musician strumming his guitar for an enchanted crowd of three, his gaze immediately zeroes in on her.
.” It’s a hard ask, dangerous thoughts circling under the waters of his mind from the past few days. Their fins breaching the surface as a reminder of what lurks below. But then Calvin pinches his nipple and coaxes a few, sweet prayers from him. Grounds him onto the shore of the present.
It’s beautiful, for a hand. Tan, palm curled around Dean’s shoulder protectively. No cuts or scabs across the knuckles, nor any scars. If he were to touch it, he imagines the skin there is soft and smooth. Dean’s gaze travels, curious who might own such a gentle hand.
Cas shifts, stance widening in response at Dean’s colorful displays of aggression. He’s unused to such blatant tactics from
The logic makes sense, even with a force as tricky as magic. While they were hard to control or predict, they followed their own set of rules. Castiel had read about different enchantments wearing off when the objects tied to the spell were removed. Still, the idea of Dean returning to his normal form sends an icy chill through his veins.
He ruffled Jack’s hair, pulling him into a loose hug. “So did I.” They continued forward, happiness making him light-headed.
Jack nods, kneeling down to untie his shoes. In the time it takes him to undo the first lace, Jack brushes off any similarities between today and his stories. After the second lace untangles, Jack reassures himself that stranger things have happened and coincidences are nothing to be suspicious of. As he stands alongside his fathers, watching the way the sunlight reflects multitudes of colors off the lake and around them, Jack tells himself that his family is happy.
“Listen,” Nick snaps, “If you wanted a chat there’s a bar down the street where I’m sure there are many drunks who will happily entertain you –“
“You can come in,” she turns and walks without prompt. Cas hurries after her, nearly stepping on her heels.
Besides Jack’s outfit needing tailoring, his and Cas’s costumes fit perfectly. Especially in the ass, Dean thought. His eyes were glued there, appreciating his curves and dimples. Distracted, Dean didn’t hear him enter.
Casually, he crosses the street and retakes the path towards Kelly’s house. Except Cas doesn’t stop at the door, jumping over the flowers and onto the lawn. Hurrying to the fence that separates the front from the back. He scans the surrounding area, nothing pinging his radar. Then, with great force, he launches upwards.
because a town I hitchhiked into was one that had a bad past with my old man.” He tips his head back, staring at the ceiling. “Being his son, they made me work off his debts.”
Cas whisks off what remained of his pretense, meeting her level stare. “I doubt you will,” he says, “If you’re here… that means the police either failed or aren’t an option. So? Which is it?”
He tugged on the lapels of his rumpled jacket, wincing where it squeezed. “I fit this… no hassle last time…” Cas sucked in a deep breath and finally the button cooperated. Although further breathing became more complicated. At least the boots he found distract from suffocation, as each step the leather chafes his bare ankles. When finished Cas bets he will have a new blister. Pain is worth it seeing how he needs to reflect some sort of professionalism instead of the beach bum vibes he normally radiates. Beach bums are rarely tolerated in the fancy communities of the rich.
“Sorry,” Dean lays his head atop Cas’s, watching him peel away the envelope’s glue. “We’ll have tons more holidays and anniversaries to celebrate in the future… I just didn’t want our
Cas rattles off the bogus tale with such detail, he nearly believes having lived in the European Theater. In the back of his mind he thanks the spirits of destiny for his grandmother, who forced he and his siblings into Polish school on Thursday afternoons. Every moment he ‘forgets’ an English word, Ted Gaines latches on tighter to his hook.
Mia, mouth agape and eyes wide, startled free from her trance. “Yeah, yes… I’m good. I…” She never finished her thought, torn, looking at Buddy’s corpse, then to where the bullet exploded.
Dean’s features shuddered, mouth dropping slightly in fright. His ears echoed with the awful drumming of his heart, and a painful wheeze tickled his throat, demanding freedom. He released it on a sigh, slightly curling in on himself. “W-what?” he asked, “You… you didn’t like it?”
Cas smirks while Webb escapes, chuckling softly under breath. “All repressed assholes are the same…” Checking the nearby area, he finds no one else giving him attention. Very focused on their own work, an unexpected perk from striking a very raw nerve.
Sam gives Dean his attention once more. “Seriously though, we were all so worried. Bobby’s been out on his own boat searching… and dad hasn’t been to the bar since we first heard the news.”
“Right!” Cas places the bags down, opening one to dig inside. In a beat, he presents Jack with a stone. “This is Green Aventurine,” he explains, “it’s for good luck, not that you need it. But we hope it reminds you that we’re always here for you, wishing for your success.”
It’s an envelope, one which Cas rips open and dumps its contents onto the bed. More slides cascade from the hole, clattering on top of each other.
Dean breaks from their kiss, panting. His forehead rests against Castiel’s. “That was…” he pauses, testing each word he thinks of and ultimately rejecting them all since they fail to describe what happened. He settles for, “Wow.”
“Hello?” the woman says, brow raised above an expensive pair of shades, “Can I help you?” She leans on the handle, her other hand punching a jutted hip, and wears an open silk robe that cover her cobalt blue bathing suit. A tiny scar, paler than the rest of her, pokes from the waistband of her bikini brief, the only line on her body. Her face smoother than a marble statue, a benefit of wealth no doubt. Never need wince or frown when supported by the strong arm of the all-American dollar. Her brunette hair cascades like a waterfall in a style he saw on the cover of a magazine some time ago. Anyone else would be fooled by her youthful façade, but Cas know who she is.
Cas comes with a shout, nearly slamming his head into Meg’s. It hovers less than an inch from her. He pants, blinking away the detective and revealing his friend’s curious gaze. Brown eyes asking question Cas does not feel like answering yet. Rolling off her Cas collapses on the shag carpet. Fibers tickle the crack of his ass.
Glimpsed him, really. Nick already entered the building when Cas noticed, meaning his first chance came and went.
Castiel searches below, eyes darting around until he spots what he needs. “Follow me.” He moves without hearing Dean’s answer, trusting the other to follow him.
“No, it wasn’t any of that,” Cas shrugs, hands stuffed into his pockets. “My keys, wallet… hell, my lighter. I need my lighter. This guy up in Venice managed to engrave the outline of my cock on it, although he needed a picture and sending
Cas wonders why he spent more time talking about the defense than other aspects of the case. Every day, when more was revealed, the entire trial became crazier and crazier. At points Cas figured Serg tampered with his gas for free. But Cas recalls how Dean came upon this topic, and it clicks. “Wait,” he stutters on a gasp, “Your brother…
Coughing, Dean glanced up at some teenager standing nearby, gaping at the scene. He wore a large brown jacket a shade lighter than his skin over a deep blue polo that matches the visor currently worn like a headband, so his bangs wouldn’t  his face. A ring of keys dangled in his hands. Keys that, Dean guessed, were for opening the very door he pummeled as if it were a punching bag.
“Well, usually I know the names of the men who buy me drinks. Especially those who buy them for me after I’ve scared off pervy creeps.”
Another door, simpler than the first. Cas moved closer inspecting it. Ran a hand over the sole wooden board that fit perfectly within the frame; only two nails barely secured at the ends. He then tried this knob, finding it locked like the other. Cas ran his thumb over the keyhole and felt scratches on it. “Jackpot.”
They didn’t have any. Dean asked for a vodka neat, Sam criticizing his choice as the bartender retreated. “You’re so boring.” That was three vodka neats ago.
Dean flushes, snatching the daisy from Castiel’s hand. ‘S’just a spot Cas but… thanks.” Jack doesn't see what he did with the daisy, instead drawn to Sam speaking up and asking Castiel a question about any parts of Earth he's been too that would make their spot look like they stopped off the side of the highway. Castiel laughed off Sam's question, saying that if they had ate by a highway it would still be beautiful. Because they were there, together. Exchanging soft looks, the brothers agreed.
Cas rolls his shoulders, stepping right into Dean’s personal space. The other man’s gaze dips briefly with an intense shudder. “If you’re done with your routine,
in Hawaii, and then shipped elsewhere? Can you imagine it – shirt factories, dotting the beaches? Oh, I’d hope the workers making all these Hawaiian shirts are at least being paid a fair wage, given how popular they seem to be…”
“Weird,” he said, “There’s this woman who says that she’s my mom, and I believed it at first. But then, the more I learned about her, the less it felt like she and the mother I grew up with, the… the ghost of her, were the same person?”
“Glory, glory, hallelujah,” he mutters, pocketing his hands. Dean advances, an attempt of casual intimidation hallmarked at the academies. “So, do you make it a habit of peeing in alley ways? Taking this
“Yes, about Jack. We need to talk about him,” Cas tucks his chin to his chest. “Before we get into it, I must confess I haven’t found too much that pins down a – uh… an
He abandoned the front, hopping down each step one by one. Considered the scenario before him. To a casual observer, the building was empty. Cas knew it presented as a lie. Why that was, Cas can string together a few guesses from past experiences. The only theory that won’t curdle his stomach is that the operation running within wanted little interference.
“Dean,” Cas touches his chest, surprisingly serious. Very invested in what the answer of his question is. “You’ve never had sex with anyone? You’re a virgin?”
Dean does, too. He can finish off the weed he stole. Then, after smoking all of it, he can decide on what to do next.
There’s another lady on his mind now, the same from when he started this morning. The one that let him in on today’s secret with thrashing waves and explosive spray. The sea. Even this far inland he can conjure up her scent, salt dried into his skin from countless days spent in her presence. He sees her in his mind, in his car, as easily as he did standing on the shoreline.
“Well I… I wouldn’t even begin to think how,” he continues, “I think that might require a discussion between me and…” Castiel glances out towards the hallway, where Sam and Dean’s rooms are. “But maybe… you said you felt disconnected from humanity as of late?”
his brother and his brother’s girlfriend hadn’t told Dean about this. Salt only hurts a wound that’s fresh and open. While badly healed, Dean’s grown numb to that missing chunk of his heart. More pained that his sadness made his loved ones go behind his back, act in guilt.
Nodding, the attendant jerked a thumb to the left, “He’s in the third room down with Sprinkles. Doors locked, but if you press the center of the knob it should open – trade secret.”
Meg stretches, bones cracking nearby. He feels his trench coat shift, and watches Meg slide it over her shoulders. She stands and leaves him alone. Disappears into another room.
“Dean…” Sam starts, cautiously. Treating Dean too carefully given how far into this war they’re in. “Dean, Cas’s deal… the Empty wanted him happy?” Nodding, Dean waits for the next question. Dreading it. “What… what did he do?”
While Jack might not appreciate Dean’s ultimatum now, he will later on in his life. Dean imagined a future where he and Jack, much older than they were in this moment, sat on a porch swing talking about how good a job Dean did raising him to be a decent human being, as Jack’s partner, whose features he couldn’t distinguish from such a distance in their front yard, played with their son, named for the man who set Jack on the right path, obviously. He was knocked out of this fantasy, unfortunately, by the lumbering footsteps of his oafish brother.
Cas stills, glancing at the drink. Grip tensing, its heavy perfume punching his nose. Like it always did whenever he and Ishim fell into one of their bouts, rowdy on both sides. Only poured because Ishim needed breaks between rants. He drags the drink away from his face, placing it on Nixon. “Actually,” he says, “can I… use your bathroom? Gotta empty the tank if I want to fit all that in.”
“It’s a great tradition for my people,” Castiel explains, “When it’s been eighteen cycles since the time you are born, you’re officially inducted into the community as an adult. It’s the beginning of the rest of your life, when you’re supposed to leave childish things in your past.”
Dean squeezes his socks, glaring at the door. His irritation fades, weirdly, the longer he stares. Replaced with a different feeling, comforting. Without needing to, Dean guesses it’s not Sam on that other side. Tossing his socks, Dean stands and slowly inches forward. Drawn by gravity, a name perched atop his tongue. Waiting there, scared of being spoken. Of being wrong. He doesn’t
It takes an hour for Jack to completely explain what’s been happening the past few months. From how he discovered the Winchester’s canonization through books to the vast community of fans that used their lives as inspiration for other works they created. How Jack joined this community first by reading the unbelievable amount of fiction written about them, then by writing a few of his own. Then about how, coincidentally, after a story was written reality altered enough to fit with what he wrote. There was disbelief, as he expected.
Cas shook with the ferocity of ten storms raging inside him, each fighting the other. Becoming deadlier as winds clashed and lightning splintered. “I don’t want to work for you!” he says, “I
That deals damage more than any punch could. Like Ketch shoved his hand into Cas’s body and wringed his spirit. An admittance, being in on his actions. Although Cas wonders if it’s only the Roman file Ketch knows of, or if he found out about the other files he took.
“I… I think we still have another day,” Castiel tells him, yawning, “And I’ll be no use if I’m swimming with my eyes closed.” Dean huffs and crosses his arms, waiting. But Castiel fixes him with a fierce glare, not willing to budge. In the end Dean loses, a yawn breaking through his own annoyance.
Discretion is key, but right now all he has is the one for his car. “I’m not allowed to discuss the private affairs of my clients – you know how it is.”
She pauses, stunned. Finally, the curtain of hair blocking her face parts and reveals the woman’s wide brown eyes and rosy cheeks. “Yes,” she says, “I am… how did you –“
“Before you go, Kaia…” he addresses the other girl. “This place that the –“ his tongue trips, Dean’s aura pricking at his senses, “the tall man took you to. Do you remember where it is?”
“Uh… yeah?” Cas ignores the pout marring his pretty face, closing the distance between them and placing a warm hand on his lower back. “Listen, this was groovy and all, but sometimes there’s an itch that can only be scratched by good ol’ Mary Jane, dig?”
“I’ve seen you when it’s just Mary Jane on the mind,” Andy says, “this ain’t it. You sure you’re doin’ all right?”
“Cas I…” Dean knocks their foreheads together, “You’re someone I never expected entering my life… and if you left, I don’t know if I can go back to living without you. Every time you were taken from me I… part of me died. A part that never came back, even though you did. When the Empty took you, I thought that was it. If I lost you one more time… I fought so hard for this – to live by
“No? Then how about bailing one out?” His voice barely overpowers the everyday noise that filters through life. Cas strains himself while listening, silenced by the gravity threaded throughout Dean’s words. “Traveling with one who keeps promising how things are gonna change in the next town. That he’ll be better. Sitting up waiting into the night for one, hoping he’ll come through the door any second. Waiting with a toddler, thinking up excuses in case his crying brings over curious neighbors and we get forced apart once –“ Dean stops, gaze caught on Cas’s chest.
Cas stares at him from behind his shades, unaffected. The skimpy uniform an antidote for his commanding baritone. “No,” he says, and then spins on his heel. He walks towards steadier ground trailed by the squeaking ladder on which the lifeguard uses when climbing or leaving his station. Cas smirks. Option one then, today.
It won’t budge. On his third attempt, Cas catches sight of an object resting in the passenger bucket. Deactivated, silent, but immediately recognizable when not resting on top of a car.
“I figured they would be nice to have in my room,” he said, “Looking around I really don’t have anything that makes it different from other unused rooms… I want to change that.”
“Institute for Conscious Repair of the Human Soul? Ring any bells?” He taps some of his ash onto the floor, jabbing the air with his cigarette. “You seriously didn’t catch on in the first few minutes what their whole operation was really about? How stupid
Cas nears his destination, marked by how sidewalk traffic tapers off and the number of obstacles spike. The great philosophical minds of Mar del Vista clustering, discussing current affairs.
“Cas -?” Dean gasps, knees buckling. Laughing, he leans his weight on the door. Grins wide enough his cheeks must splinter, twin tracks of tears already spilled over. “Cas, is that…” He coughs, wiping at his mouth. “Is that really you?”
Claire was the easier of the two to track. He finds her on a balcony, chatting with another girl. Her braided hair interspersed with flowers, plainly dressed in a white t-shirt and ragged jeans. “Claire,” he says, leaning through the entryway, “Claire, we need to go.”
Climbing onto the beach, Dean stands at his full height. He looks as beautiful as he was on the island and every moment in between during their journey. The moonlight shines across the water, highlighting his features so Castiel can etch them into his memory.
Cas shakes off his stupor, scratching at his neck while attempting a smile of his own. “I, um… see – about that…”
Dean doesn’t dawdle. “I want to lay here,” he says, “Lay here the whole day, in your arms, telling you how much I love you.”
He sighs, reaching out for Castiel. Their hands intertwine, Dean leading them to a nearby lump. “Sit,” he tells him, “it’s called a couch. They’re comfy.” Castiel does, sinking into the cushiony fabric. Dean joins him, smiling up at Sam. “You might want to do the same,” he says, “it’s a pretty long story and… well, there are a few things you might not believe.”
He has a single moment of peace while lying on his side. Stolen as something sharp jabs at his sides. Dean flipped onto his stomach, glaring at him from the mattress with his pointer finger extended. “What are you doing?”
Castiel’s breath hitches, eyes bulging out from his head. “You’re a parent?” he asks. Already the images float into Castiel’s mind, of Dean with a little child cradled in his arms. Cooing at the creature, maybe another by his side. A faceless amalgamation of different humans he’s seen over the years, someone who would help him raise his child.
He jumped. “I get it,” Dean whispered, “I really do, how you must have felt after mom died. When Cas… I didn’t know I could get more broken than I already was. Seeing him there shattered what little of me there was left. And what sucks is that I can feel myself… feel myself turning into you, but also being aware of who I used to be. It’s like I’m going crazy…” Dean shook with the force of an earthquake, except nothing else in the room moved an inch. “I want to blame someone for making me like this. I want it to be you, I want
Dean’s overinflated ego shrinks immediately when he sees what Cas holds. His eyes widen, green eclipsed by the dark pupils of recognition. He drags a hand over his mouth and rubs it along the edges of his jaw. Time ticks on unbearably slow the longer Dean searches the page. Arm tiring, Cas clears his throat. Reminds Dean that he is not alone. Dean darts a nervous gaze from the flyer to him, Cas seeing a strange tie-dye of emotions that sings a siren call for his inquisitive spirit.
Dean stiffened; gaze drawn to a whorl in the table’s finish. His thumb pressed hard at its center. He snorted, but it sounded more like an engine backfiring. “Supportive huh?” he asked, smile wide and mocking, “You want me to be
“Leaving town?” Dean jumped onto that last statement, clinging to it, “Only guilty people leave, y’know.”
“Dude when have you ever?” Andy shuts the door, smiling at Cas’s chest. “By the way, when’d you pick up the necklace. It’s really out there, y’know?”
Eve answers his laugh with some of her own, bells twinkling in her voice. “I was,” she tells him, “but lucky enough you were hotter than I was expecting.” His jaw drops, unsure how he should respond. Eve bulldozes past the need for any. “Would you care for anything? I already had something to drink, but if you were –“
Andy intervenes, laughing too loudly. He pushes Cas behind him, “Don’t worry about him, Serg. Y’know how ol’ Cas gets when it’s been too long without grass…”
They first crossed paths years ago at the afterparty of a midnight murder of Cas’s client. While he laid stiff under a white blanket Cas watched the crime scene in annoyance, hole burning in his pocket where money was supposed to go. Cas wandered nearby a gathered crowd at the mouth of the alleyway and asked what happened.
“Get out of here Novak,” Dean orders, any lingering amicability fading under the icy touch of using Cas’s last name. “Leave these types of cases to the professionals. Stick with what you know, like helping your buddies find their missing cars.”
His hand on the key, Cas almost leaves. Almost. Kept from doing so by a glinting piece of metal that catches his eye. He brushes away the clothes piled on top, eyes wide. Cas becomes Atlas, the burden nearly breaking his back.
It’s a necklace, too groovy for someone like Dean. A tiny face dangles from a leather cord. Cas gently cups the face in his hand while bringing it closer. Studies the idol with keen interest, mimicking its expression. “Why were you in there?” he asks it.
Grinning, Dean stole the spoon and landed it inside Jack’s mouth. Their baby gurgled happily around it while he ate. “Don’t worry about that. I’ve got it all figured out already.”
“Yes! No smelly communists will keep the Zymckas from running our business,” Cas slams a fist on his briefcase, “If Malenkov tries interfering with my bottom line, I will spit on his face!” He struggles maintaining a calm façade, coughing to cover up an escaping chuckle. “Apologies, talk of communism gets me all eh, how you say… fired up.”
“How? It makes no sense… they’re supposed to be non-canonical…” His frustration bubbles up and presses against his head, creating a dull ache. Luckily, the sensation reminds him of another pain that flares up whenever he wrote. “Of course,” Jack sighs, “Those must have been my powers…”
Dean nodded, biting his lip. Clearly thinking on what he should say. “So,” he began, pointing at Cas with his smoldering cigarette, “you’re some kind of detective, then?”
I know it seemed like I was being dramatic when I said that updates will come as they please, but as you can see between my last chapter and this chapter there was a lot of time that passed lol.
Castiel claws his way to the surface, splashing around and yelling. His tail split in two, and he has no idea what to do with them. Someone screams, and in the back of his awareness he realizes it’s him. But then another voice joins the fray, telling him to “Stay calm!” “Breathe!” and “Hold on, Cas, hold on!”
“And they always lead to more trouble than they’re worth.” He skews his head off to the side. “You went to the police? What did they say?”
He nears their car, thankful that Claire did as asked and sits in the front seat. She took some liberties, Cas not remembering giving her co-pilot clearance for entry. That fight will wait, Dean’s knees buckling reasserting his priority. “Unlock the door, Claire,” he shouts, struggling, “unlock the door!”
Castiel shrugs, but follows. It’s been a whirlwind of a day so far, but Castiel knows there’s more to come. He’s already seen and learned so much… not just about Dean’s world. There’s something about
Finishing her drink, Mia pushed both empty glass and bottle to the side. She laid her hands flat against the dark, marble counter and pushed, steadying herself as she stood. The room hardly spun. It wasn’t that strong a wine, especially given her inherited tolerance. Mia chose not to waste another.
“As if.”  Dean shifts from Cas’s prodding, frowning down at him. “There were more obstacles than I realized… and about a year of searching, turning up nothing… I started losing hope. Then, I saw it.”
A burly man chats with Dean, dressed like his friends. Hair pulled tight in a ponytail, and a carnation blossoming over his shirt. His voice, southern and swampy, croons a hypnotizing tune that’s hard for Dean to resist in his loopy state. “Now, you can see how living life that way is crazy right? Forcing yourself to conform to a bunch of made-up, invisible
…” Dean’s breath tickles his neck, mouth resting there. Weak from the drug’s effect, he cannot control complex functions like keeping his head raised or walking in a straight line. “Cas, you can’t never say I have the stick in my ass anymore,” he says, “I was having
Mia stood across from him, separated by the island. Her fingers lightly brushed the knife’s handle. “And you decided the next best place to come was back to the scene of the crime?”
“Follow me,” she instructed, turning on her heel without waiting for his answer. His clacking heels let Mia know he trailed after her, from the entryway and up the stairs until she was in her kitchen again. Mia set her knife down on the island, facing Dean as she did. He snorted, raising a brow at the weapon. “What?” she huffed, “a girl can be cautious, can’t she?”
Except, in his reflection, Cas feels rough edges digging into his palm. He eases the pressure of his grip and remembers his pockets were not empty like usual. Thinking about the flyer reminds Cas of why he traveled so far, of a worried Kelly, and a Jack that slipped past without knowing about it.
Changing tactics, Cas decides the back of these slides may expedite the process. He sits on the bed and begins nudging the ones in his hands every which way, scanning the short messages. Most of the slides he held were named in an unhelpful manner.
Cas stands, readying an approach, when he’s ambushed. The woman leading this meeting strides towards him flanked by Victor. She holds her hand out, Cas politely accepting the handshake. “We didn’t properly introduce ourselves,” she tells him, “My name is Billie.”
Then, against Castiel’s wishes, he adds in ‘hunting’ because it’s not limited to monsters. Sam made mention of how humans would hunt animals after an eventful stop at a random gas station. Jack stared intensely at a deer tied to the roof of an SUV, wondering why someone would kill a noble creature. He explained the concept to Jack with an uncomfortable expression painted across his face, made more so when Jack trimmed the tiniest bit of his soul to bring the deer to life. Sam quickly hurried them away as the deer struggled against its rope chains.
“One year ago,” she admits, “While his grades were slipping and that was cause for concern, it wasn’t like he was failing. Jack had different interests, and since he wasn’t hurting himself I didn’t pry too much. He just… stopped caring about getting the highest marks. Only getting enough so he could graduate and, well that’s really when this whole thing began.”
He slams into the front seat, starting the engine with the key he left inside. Before he leaves, Cas waits for Dean. Watches him re-emerge from the alley, flapping the sides and then re-buttoning them. Dean slips the steely policeman’s visage off and allows for a trembling breath, clutching at the abandoned building. In the next moment, he reorients himself. Stiffens and leaves, disappearing around a corner.
“But your brother is grown and on his own now,” Castiel interrupts, “can’t you go and do what you want with your life now?”
“Dean, are you… you’re with me, right?” Dean nods, tension melting away. He slides further, knees bumping into Sam’s. A wordless comfort. “Fuck I am so… so sorry. I didn’t, I never meant –“
the hell it is you plan on doing.” Ishim skulked away, Cas breathing deep of cleaner air. “You’ll be back though,” Ishim warned, “freedom has a price you aren’t ready to pay. Your generation
“Okay, okay, I get it…” Cas lies on his side, blue eyes shining with mirth. Like the ocean glittering from the rising sun. “I’ll be quiet, starting…
“My ex, Buddy, that’s who.” She tapped cigarette ash into the fireplace, leaning against it as she told her story. “Another shifter I was dating. He was a nice guy, at first, and, well… it’s not like there are a lot of options when you have to peel off your skin every few hours. Besides my mom, he was the only other shifter I ever knew. We started dating during my graduate program and he… he
The soldiers might intimidate Dean, but Castiel has seen his father pull even grander stunts in his pursuit of striking fear. At least the soundtrack was decided against, Castiel unsure if he could maintain a straight face if the thundering drum beats accompanied his father’s measured swims. It wouldn’t have helped him any given the stern look slashed across Charles’s face.
Cas hears Dean close the door behind him, even with his head buried in the fridge. “You want anything?” he asks, rummaging around for a quick snack. Between spoiled milk and a half-empty ketchup bottle, his hand wraps around something crinkly. Pulling it out, he sees it’s a half-eaten burger that’s been stored away. He tears at the paper, sniffs it, and then takes a tentative bite. Nothing makes him gag, so he continues chewing.
“Sounds as if your brother has a nasty habit of dropping out.” Cas shrugs off the other’s glare, fully reclining on the floor. Splayed like a starfish. “If he uprooted, why didn’t you follow?”
Especially because I had such a vision for this chapter - and I think I executed it as close as I fantasized it. Hope you enjoy :)
Pamela laughs, somewhat grating in the dire situation. “Oh honey,” she purrs, “you need the can?” His head nearly lolls off from how forceful he nodded. “Sorry, but that’s only for paying customers. You willing to buy those beads?”
She nods. “I’ve been running with them a few months now. Ever since this bonfire happening I went to, I… it was so stupid. I’d gotten in a fight with Margie, about her flushing all my cigarettes… and I needed to blow off some steam.” Kaia drifts, collapsing on the sofa. Blankly staring at the latest cartoon playing, continuing with her story. “Heard about this from a few girls at my newest school. Figured I could go there and bum a few to get me through – at least until I found a new store that wouldn’t notice a few extra missing packs. Last one promised they’d remember me if I ever stepped foot on their property… I get there and I didn’t know what to expect. Felt like a ghost, no one really noticing me. But then this guy comes by, handing me something to drink. Couldn’t say no, I mean… he was twice my size and built like a fucking
our veterans… guests of honors listless, lost, dead behind the eyes. If I didn’t know Dick before he was shipped off, I might have given him some leeway – some understanding. But we were engaged in the days leading up to his deployment. I knew full well he had nothing in him. Saw the dark pit where his heart was…” She pauses, shifting in her seat. Faces Cas once more. “I still loved him, though,” Eve reveals with a firm tone, “A true love. Because I knew what he really was before he…”
Dean glances at the file, then at Kaia. Cracks forming on the file from how tight his grip is. He doesn’t open it. Cas, distracted by his discovery, rounds on Kaia. “Your foster mother said you left a message for her the day of your disappearance, but the cops chalked most of what you said as some bad trip.”
Seconds later, someone knocks at the door. “Dean?” Cas asks, voice muffled, “Is it okay for me to come in?”
They sharply round a corner, Dean shifting. He grabs at Cas’s arm, touch warm despite the jean jacket he wore over his tie-dyed tank top. “Crap,” Dean hisses, “give a guy some warning, will you?”
“See, this is the fun part, yes?” Tan asks. “Let’s dress you up a bit, I kept some of those patterns you liked, added a few more, some fun prints like this one with the little bees embroidered in and kept some smart patterns in there too, depending on what mood you’re going for.” He flicks through the shirts and Castiel already knows the one he wants to wear.
Dean smiled widely and Castiel matched it with a smile of his own, the uncertainty disappearing from his face. Castiel jumped off his bed and turned towards the door. “Let's do it! Can we get sausage on our pizza?”
Cas’s proud smirk against his hip makes Dean need to open his eyes, and he’s not disappointed even a little when he does.
He trips over his feet a little when Cas yanks him into an open classroom, quickly shutting the door and pressing Dean up against it, his lips finding Dean’s again in the dark. Warm fingers curl around Dean’s hips and he grabs for Cas’ shoulders to tug him that much closer.
He wanders around, taking in the quaint store until his attention is drawn to a large community board, decorated with colorful flyers advertising college events and ads looking for roommates. Castiel notices a list of nightly events held at the coffee shop, things like Paint N’ Sip nights, poetry readings, and classes for scrapbooking or photography.
Cas was his best friend, his first love, and giving him up had broken Dean in a way he didn’t think was fixable. Until now.
The airplane hits a pocket of turbulence that has Dean Winchester clutching the thin arms of his seat as if his life depends on it. Closing his eyes, he hums the chorus of
“I've grown used to it and take great pleasure in teasing him when it fails to get him what he wants.”
Karamo pauses the video and gives the rest of the guys a curious look before he unwraps the second package at Castiel’s direction. They
Considering the fact that there will always be a pig running around the store, they saw it fitting to invite their neighbors along with their pets.
“I had a layover in Boston before the international flight and there was a man in the bar there that reminded me of you.”
Still laughing, he brings their hands up between them, turning his wrist so he can place a soft kiss to the back of Castiel’s hand as he looks at him through his eyelashes. “I don’t think you ever have to worry about that.”
“Okay, finish your breakfast while I give your cousin a bath.” He tops his cup of tea off with more hot water before he goes to scoop Pug into his arms. “Maybe you can make a little list for the market tomorrow? Oh, and I need your shirt size.” He glances at her and she’s typing something out on her phone.
“Tell me what you want,” he whispers, pressing his mouth against the softness under Cas’ ear. Cas whines when Dean lets his breathing go ragged and hot there. He strokes Cas faster. “Tell me,” he coaxes, using his words, his hands, his mouth.
“He got it a little dirty after he got down on some roasted sweet potato they had samples of and I took it off him, thinkin’ I could get the stains out.” Dean folds the little onesie and puts it off to one side. “Turns out, sweet potato and white cotton do
He drifts to sleep just as Dean is pulling a bouquet of daisies from behind his back and when Castiel wakes in the morning, he can only remember the fondness of recalling their day. That doesn’t mean he isn’t nervous about seeing Dean again so soon.
He hasn’t spoken to his brother since their last discussion, simply replying to his text messages with a simple
Guilty, Dean faces Cas head on because otherwise Cas might lose it out here, and he already finds fire behind blue eyes as Cas pushes his mask up again.
“Fuck,” Dean swears under his breath. Someone wolf whistles at Cas from the crowd and it breaks the tension, both of them huffing out laughs before they're reaching for each other. Dean stumbles a little in his haste to close the gap between them, his hands going around Cas’ firm hips, his waist cinched tight. God, Dean’s fingers could probably touch if he tried. Instead, he tugs Cas in to kiss him, finally, another laugh rumbling out of Cas’ mouth and into his.
That incredible, perfect guy across the field that loves Dean back, no matter what—that’s what matters.
Dean knows his brother is smirking at him and he rolls his eyes before turning back to him. “Shut up, Cas is family.” He tosses the water bottle into the trash. “Whatcha got for me?”
Awestruck by the onslaught of information and wisdom, they can only stutter out more thank yous as the call disconnects, Missouri's picture fading as the screen goes dark between them. His adrenaline still going, Dean presses his forehead to Cas’s shoulder as silence settles around them, and it feels like he can finally breathe. Realizing they’re alone for the first time in hours, Dean doesn’t stop his arms from snaking around Cas’s waist so he can close the distance between them, only because he knows their solitude isn’t gonna last.
“Ever since he lost that crappy job, he’s just been down on himself, worst I’ve ever seen. He comes from a real ambitious family, one brother is a doctor and another a congressman. Cas has always been the hardest worker you’ve ever met, whips my ass into shape all the time, so losing his job that way really kicked his ass.”
Dean grabs some firm ass and holds their hips together. He thinks he can feel Cas’ pulse against his shaft and fuck, he wants more. He drags their hips in a slow slide, Cas moaning against his cheek.
Antoni can’t help but notice the softness that’s come over Dean’s face as he talks about his best friend.
Sam tells him that tomorrow’s show is sold out too, and he starts going over Dean’s schedule for the rest of the week. The tour is over after tomorrow night and Dean is used to taking a few weeks off at the end of a tour. Now that he knows Cas will be in New York for a while, Dean’s been thinking about staying.
“Good morning! Ellen? Bobby!” Dean snags a piece of bacon from the kitchen table. “Where is everybody?”
When everyone starts for the entrance gates, Dean holds back, grabbing Cas by the belt buckle. Cas slips both hands under Dean's shirt, sliding his hands up Dean's back.
Dean is suddenly exhausted. “They were in the glovebox. With the Jack.” He gestures weakly at the bottle on Cas’ nightstand.
“I hope you guys like the game. They didn’t even bother with niceties, they just asked me what they needed to do to hire me. It was—incredible.” He drags a shaky hand through his hair. “I negotiated my salary and stipulated that I needed to stay local. Aside from occasional business trips to Los Angeles, I can work from home.”
She takes a bite of her pad thai and chews it thoughtfully, swallowing before she answers. “He’s really great on his leash. And he seems okay around other dogs,” Claire takes a sip of seltzer. “He played in the mud with a chihuahua on our walk today.”
Bobby worked in in the wood shop.  Sam set up the bookshelf, and Jo hung the pictures in the stairwell. Ellen was with Dean in the kitchen, and they unwrapped the kitchenware and put it away.
Dean let his marshmallow ignite, pulling it from the flame, letting the fire consume the outside of the candy, and quickly blowing it out before it melted.
“Good.” Emma’s smile lifts her cheeks against his chest and his heart feels full. She sighs in his arms before stepping out of his embrace, still smiling as she climbs into bed. Dean sits down on the edge and smooths his hands over her favorite blanket, light blue with big peacock feathers on it. Dean wrapped her in it when she was just a baby; the soft blanket the first baby thing he bought as a single dad and it’s been on every one of Emma’s beds since he brought it home.
Her face drops in disappointment. “Oh. That's too bad.” She perks up. “Tell him to call me if it doesn't work out.” She gestures for the next in line and Dean shakes his head as he moves out of the way. It's too bad some people never grow out of their creepy phase.
When Ellen was finished with the picture taking, Dean slung his duffel and his guitar case over his shoulders while Sam, Bobby, and Ellen each grabbed a box and headed for the building. Dean led the way up two flights of stairs and found Room 311 on the other side of the stairwell. The dorm room was a double with an en suite bathroom connecting to another double room. The Resident Advisor was on the other side of the floor with the common room in the middle.
welcome, my friend.” They part and Tan squeezes Castiel’s shoulders once before he drops his hands and gestures towards the door. “Shall we?”
Cas looks at him curiously before opening the box. He gasps when he sees what's inside and starts pulling everything out. Dean came across the box when he was cleaning out the storage shed behind The Roadhouse. Not only were Cas’ composition books there, but also a box of Christmas decorations they had used every year in their dorm.
This story now has a timestamp and from there, who knows, so please make sure you check that out and subscribe while you're at it, just in case. ;)
As he talks, he pulls out document after document and Jimmy just watches as Castiel lines them up in order, the journals following. Before he gets to those, he takes out the bank statements.
Dean drags the plug in and out, slow, twisting it in and pressing, pressing until Cas makes that sound in his throat Dean loves so much. Cas shakes under him.
Castiel’s ears perk up at green tea, and cherry blossom is a blend he’s never tried before. He nods. “Yes, a cup of that last one, please. And a cup of water for my friend? We’ve just come from our walk.”
“Anyone we know?” He asks, gesturing towards the television. After the first pick, twenty-one more teams had to choose players and now that the first round is over, the station is on commercials before round two starts.
Castiel doesn’t want Dean to waste his time. What could he possibly have to gain from this? He should do the right thing and tell him to go home, go find
Castiel sighed. “Can't we stay here forever? Or at least a little while longer? I’m really not in the mood to move.”
The groan from the guy whose bed he’s sharing—Cas—gets ignored in favor of Dean rolling out of the (way too comfortable) bed so he can find his fucking pants and, unfortunately, when he finds it crumpled on the ground, his cumstained shirt.
He doesn’t fight his smile at the sight of Cas tucking his phone into his jacket pocket, his head bent down. He’s so handsome—not the teenage boy Dean remembers but a man, all sharp lines and stubble Dean wants to feel on the inside of his thighs.
Bobby cleared his throat, breaking Dean and Castiel's gaze. Dean spun around, ready to make introductions, when Castiel beat him to the punch.
He coughs. “Yes, I'm supposed to have dinner with Gabriel and Kali and we usually end up at The Roadhouse. Maybe—”
is that… messes in our lives happen because of misunderstandings and miscommunication. We assume something about another person and act according to these assumptions, only to find out those were wrong, and we dig a bigger hole for ourselves. We lie because we believe it’s easier than the truth, and we hold in things we think don’t need to be said because there’s a misbelief they might not matter.”
“Smoking drugs – do you hear yourself? That’s not how you phrase it… whatever.” Cas shoves at Ketch, terror racing up his spine when he cannot move him. “I’ve got nothing on me, anyway. I’ll even be nice and consent to a strip search.” The tongue swiped over teeth and kiss combo usually sends men running.
Mia delivered when he couldn’t. “Sam!” she said, drawing his attention. She held his gun and, without saying anything else, she tossed it to him. Sam caught it easily. He aimed for Buddy.
While Dean busies himself there, Cas’s gaze bounces around the room. Taking in certain elements, squinting because heavy curtains block any sunlight from filtering through. He gropes for another light switch, finding it behind a barren coat rack.
He puts his own troubles on the back burner, worried since Rufus teeters in front of him. “Hey,” Cas says, laying a comforting hand on his shoulder. Accepted, probably because he’s still shocked and didn’t realize Cas touches him. That won’t make Cas pull away. “Your nephew probably wasn’t at the meeting because he saw reason. Took him awhile… but he dipped and is finding his own way. I’m sure you’ll see him again.”
“Hey, man,” the teen asked, glancing between Dean and the wrecked door, “are you… like, good? Do I need to call someone?”
Dean snorts. “Yes, but not because of all that. If we walked everywhere things would take so much longer. Everything else makes things…
Betrayed, Dean staggered to his feet. He faltered visibly, enough that Cas rushed over, dropping the yellowed book he held, and offered a hand. Dean accepted it, leaning on his boyfriend’s shoulder. The touch on the small of his back renewed his strength. “Sam,” he muttered, voice cracking, “how could you say that?”
Castiel sighs, lazily swimming next to an impish looking Dean. “We do not wear those kinds of shells,” he tells Dean, “they are too tough and stiff… besides, they serve us better as tools.”
. Told me I had what it took to be a great lawyer and didn’t spout the same sexist nonsense everyone else did when I told them of my dreams.”
“Oh, I would,” Cas leans back down until their noses brush, grin highlighting his sharp teeth. “See… all this trouble I’m going through, and not I’m not even getting paid. I gotta get my kicks somewhere and, well… I doubt no one’s gonna bat an eye if they hear some screaming. Probably prepared for it.” Nick splutters, continuing his elderly act. Growing bored with the routine Cas wraps the other man’s tie around his fist. “Okay,” he growls, dragging Nick to a sitting position, “you asked for it.”
“Or otherwise…” Cas shifts, sliding from Dean’s grasp. Turning onto his side, “Are you saying you’ve never had sex?”
Cas shuts away the outside world, leaving only them. Dean guides Cas’s trench coat off his shoulders, tossing it aside when able. They tear away ribbon, both strips landing in a tangled mess at their feet. He wraps his arms around his boyfriend’s shoulders, kissing him. “Merry Christmas,” he whispers.
. And I’ll keep trying, because this isn’t something I’m ashamed of.” He reached for Jack, ensnaring his wrist to make sure his message was well received. “So you see, being gay isn’t – it’s not
Dean’s trauma reminded Mia of her first shift, of skin strips peeled slowly one by one, left in a pile of blood and pus. She wiped her own teary gaze, clearing her throat. “Dean –“
A shadow falls overhead. Cas expects to see Dean again, only it’s Meg. His trench coat tied loosely like a robe, falling off her shoulders and flirting with the floor. She holds a small, silver box and shakes it. Hearing the contents, Cas’s smile brightens. “Put on some pants,” she orders him, retreating towards the kitchen.
Cas bends the knee, pouting. “Well that’s too bad. I think us meeting was meant to be – you know everything happens for a reason.” Snatching the banana that tumbled off to the wayside, Cas holds it out for the other man.
“I meant what I said, before,” he continues, studying Cas in a way he doesn’t care for. “There dark, swirling cloud of badness hanging over head. Bleeding into all positive light and obscuring it, bringing doubt and anger. No good to keep yourself chained to this… man.”
.” His hand trails upwards, snaking over Cas’s tie. Chuck steps backwards, dragging Cas along. Forcing him onto his knees. “Sam, I get. They’re brothers… sentimentality. They’ve been through the wringer
It was ridiculous, made in jest, and held no actual weight in a discussion, but Dean latched onto the throwaway line like it were the last life preserver on the Titanic. “You know what, Cas, you’re right!” he crowed, “Scamming
“Especially.” Cas holds his briefcase up and pushes at Dean with it. “Now, are you done harassing me or should I expect a charge?” Dean steps aside, granting Cas access. “Thank you.” Cas opens a barrier between him and the detective with his car door, tossing the briefcase inside wildly. He climbs inside and jerkily starts the engine. Before he can flick on his signal, however, Dean knocks on his window. Cas sighs and, despite thinking otherwise, rolls it down. “What?”
“I would’ve waited,” Dean reveals, helping Cas with his clothes as Cas guides Dean’s legs out of his slacks. “Everyone knows how long I’ve waited to tell you I love you… I would’ve waited, even if we died and we had to get married in heaven.” Dean pecks Cas’s lips, divesting him of both jackets and his button-down shirt. “I’m glad we didn’t have to, though.”
. Need me some sleep.” Dean loops behind Cas, grabbing at his waist. Duffel slamming into his legs and making him laugh. Sam and Jack giggling as well. “Although who knows if we’ll get any
“A human!” Charles roars, speeding over towards Dean to seize his arm, “You foul, cunning – what source of trickery is this?”
’. Clicking again, Jack left that website behind for something more magical. Somewhere he could grow roots in and enjoy.
, especially after I…” His words bottlenecked on his tongue, and through great effort did Dean spit them out. “After I admitted
“No, no it’s nothing like that,” he tells Jimmy, “I just want her opinion on something. A gift for a lady friend of mine, figured she’d point me in the right direction.”
Mia wasn’t sure who she’ll be on the other side of this transformation. She smiled, content with who she was now and reveling in the uncomfortableness of freedom.
“Yeah.” Dean blinked, then imagined the shadows burnt into the ground rising and rising, flapping determinately, until they vanished. He blinked. Those wings hadn’t moved an inch.
Dean, in an act of revenge for Sam’s nitpicking, abandoned him for the therapist’s office without any offer to help once they parked. Although Sam wondered if it should count, since Sam hadn’t expected Dean to go out of his way and help him, regardless of how Dean caved when it came to bringing Jack. He fleetingly considered this, but ultimately decided it didn’t matter. He needed to hurry.
being a shitty dad with excuses, like how hunters can’t be good parents or have childhoods, or that, when mom died, a part of you died, too…”
As swiftly as Roidy began his assault, he’s being tugged off him. Dean gasps for breath, spinning, facing the dancefloor now. Glaring at Roidy who glares elsewhere, at the owner of the hand that cleaved this growth from Dean’s side.
Seeing the light leave Dean’s eyes, Castiel reaches out to grab at his shoulder. Contact startles Dean, and his face takes up Castiel’s field of vision.
“Okay.” Nodding, Cas gives Dean space. Inches away from the bathroom, towards his living room. “You want me to get you anything? Breakfast? Coffee?”
He tucks his chin against his chest, panting. “Christ,” Cas says, “I’m almost…” His orgasm quakes within, every pull from Calvin’s fist beckoning it outwards. Cas delays it with all his strength yet cannot contend when the man’s other hand rings the bell at his back door. Stunned, Cas’s orgasm rushes out and explodes in a satisfying mess, like a milky oil spill. Streaming forth, dripping onto a shirt Cas left on the floor.
Two hours later Jack realizes the help he sought wasn't there. Everyone talks in a code Jack doesn't have the drive to pick apart. At some point he might need to, especially if these were the humans he wants to connect with. He'll have time later. What he wants to do, though, is write.
Cas hums a low note as he takes in the room. First at the plastic-covered sofa bracketed by two armchairs, also saran wrapped. He walks past the coffee table with a tasteful array of magazines and studies the furniture. Runs a finger over it and winces when he hears the squeak. There’s barely a speck of dust, a fact he comments on with a snort.
It’s much cleaner than the wall in the alley way. Prettier, too, with some help from the neighborhood locals. Swirls of paint smeared in psychedelic patterns decorated this side. He took a moment and appreciated the scenery, following the patterns over brick and wood until finally coming across what he needed.
His gaze travels, next, towards the television console. A snort dies in his throat when he sees how the lace doily overhangs and clings to the screen. The mirth dies when he looks at what sits on the doily that keeps it from fully slipping off. Cas steps over the coffee table, shortening the distance between him and it.
Dean sighed, running dirty fingers through his hair. “Great… thought we left all of Chuck’s antics behind when he disappeared for good.”
“Then when we’re done remind me to set fire to your panty collection…” Cas drags the thin cotton off her legs, bunching it in his fist and sniffing the damp section. “Ah,” he sighs, “you’re so sweet for me.”
“I didn’t think your jurisdiction went this far,” he shrugs, “Or are you so much of a goody two-shoes that you’re patrolling outside of it in your downtime?”
Mia hissed, a harsh cloud of smoke drifting past the space of her clenched teeth. “And you’re here? I heard hunters had to have hard hearts for the job, but that sounds brutal even for me…”
“Obviously not,” Dean said, sliding into an oversized leather jacket. Another relic of their dad’s. Dean couldn’t leave without it. He couldn’t explain why. “But since you’re insisting on doing this, I might as well make sure you don’t get taken advantage of.”
“I… I don’t know,” Mia said, “I never knew how he found me… he always… I did my best, staying off social media. I don’t even have a damned website for my practice, or a LinkedIn page!”
Then he looks at their voyeurs, watching from the sidelines. “Was this what you had planned all along?”
“I… I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, “I should have told you… my father and I – we got into a fight the day of your sinking. Our tempers led to the storm like the one now.” The lightning raging above them strengthens his story. “It was never my intention to hide the truth from you… but I was fixing my mistake and – and we were having so much fun together, you and I. You were… you were starting to trust me. I didn’t want to lose that…” He ducks his head, unable to face Dean’s searching algae eye.
“Go fuck yourself,” Dean drawls, laughing, squeezing Blue Eyes tighter. Encouraged by his presence. “At least you’ll know it’s consen-u-tal!”
He feels a slight tickle against his chin, from Dean’s hair as he nuzzles closer. At some point, the other man lost his struggle with those drugs in his system. Fading into unconsciousness, Dean’s final moments were making himself comfortable using Cas as a temporary pillow. An arm curled around his back, and their joined hands pressed over his chest.
Soldiers swim onto the scene, the sound of their shells clinking. Following them is the royal chariot. When it seems like soldiers stopped moving, Castiel turns to face them.
with you.” He kisses him, breathing that promise into his body. Words mingling with his heart and soul. “My first, and most important act of rebellion was loving you. In these few years we’ve known each other I’ve lived more than I ever have.
were kind enough to offer yours to me for the night.” An explosion draws her attention back to the television screen, Yosemite Sam ashen and smoky. “I told him I’d find my own way home.”
Saying nothing further, the two journeys toward the house. Dean grabs a stone and turns it over, revealing a hidden piece of gold underneath. “Key,” he says, tearing it from the stone like it was nothing; “so we can get in.”
Gasping, Cas wastes a moment regaining control of his erratic heartbeat. “This is… a lot of trouble you’re going through. Intimidating one hippie… do the cats who stuff your pocket know this is how you bill their time?”
Two of them splash in an Olympic-sized swimming pool. Probably longer than three vans parked one after the other. A young girl kicks waves in the shallow end, playing inside a ring-shaped floatie. On the other side her older sister swims all over under the watchful eye of a shirtless, golden chested man in the tiniest briefs Cas ever saw. The man looks up and meets Cas’s gaze, smirking because Cas’s ruddy face unsubtly gives away the tent pitched in his pants. He winks at Cas, running a damp hand through dark blond locks.
It’s maddening, touching Cas like this, like he always wanted. He dreamt of being able to for longer than he could remember. Daydreams and fantasies of Dean, curled into Cas’s side, leisurely and lovingly memorizing every inch of the other’s face. Those moments were always pretend, too human to ever be real, to expect from an angel like Cas. Now, as his thumb swept along the bow of Cas’s lips, Dean paid his respects to the thousands of imagined mornings and nights that would not be. Dean worshiped Cas in a way he never wanted to, but in the only way he’d ever be allowed to.
Claire rolls her eyes, punching his shoulder. Pretending unnecessary as his niece has a right hook fiercer than most brutes he had the displeasure of going against. While rubbing his tender shoulder, he studies her again. She dressed in a striking blue pair of bell bottoms that hid brown platforms, and a reddish peasant blouse. Her hair was sectioned off in two low pigtails. What drew his interest the most, however, were a wide pair of glasses that hung low on her nose. “These are new,” he pokes at the pinkish frame, “you taking the whole ‘rose-colored shades’ thing a little too literally…”
anymore, too!” The rambling joke falls flat for both of them, Dean’s voice trailing off. He’s planted both feet on the ground again, and pulled his arm down so he can twiddle his thumbs.
“There are lots of reasons,” Dean says, “Old Boney here could have sailed because they loved adventure, and hated rules. That pile over there,” he points to a skeleton resting on an upturned table, “maybe ran into some trouble and knew the only way out was on the sea. And the unknown was better than the terrifying known.” His focus drifts towards a third skeleton, still holding its saber. “Or they liked the killing aspect and gave into that side of them. Everyone has their reasons for doing what they do… we’re all different. But if we spend all our time trying to find reason in other people, well… you’re setting yourself up for a bad time.”
Cas has two choices he can make. While all evidence says he should pick the rational choice, he raises his middle fingers at those orders. Lets his heart decide.
Her expression flashes, stricken with pain. She looks behind her, huffing. “I hate to admit that my home isn’t quite ready for company…”
A few more minutes, he reasons, bringing the joint back to his lips for another drag. He shifts the jar in his lap, moving Cas so the bits of ash that fall from him toking won’t mix with the bits of ash he gathered long after Cas’s body burned atop the pyre.
Cas’s mouth thins at his review. He doesn’t falter, instead chuckling. “It’s a good thing we’re avoiding alcohol and not cigarettes, then.” Like in the group, his joke earns him no favors. “Right…” Cas brings the cup in for a swig, bitterness exploding. “Woah,” he coughs, drawing back, “needs some sugar.”
chance anymore?” Then, with a disturbing amount of severity laced through his voice. “How many more chances are you going to give Dean?”
“I have a story I need to write,” she told him, “and since you’re not in the mood to share, I’ll just uncover my own dirt.” Meg strode off, stumbling on a chair leg. She didn't fall. Her sunglasses hit the ground with a sickening crack, Meg cursing audibly when bending to check. Cas subtly examined the fit of her jeans, snug at the waist.
you that you had to or – or delude yourself into thinking you made choices that were already decided for you by other people who don’t know anything!”
Cas, at some point, fell asleep despite having his arms wrapped around a sea urchin with a recently uncovered soft side. When he awoke, however, it’s in an empty bed. Shivering, affected by a freezing chill that rests deep inside his stomach. He gropes the nearby floor for his discarded jacket, throwing it on with a yawn. Running tired fingers through knotted hair, Cas searches the room for any sign of Dean.
“Oh, so firm,” he admits, “especially since I didn’t come here as a customer… or to talk about sex.”
“For mine.” Jack tilts his head, brows drawn in such a mirror of his father Dean nearly collapses where he stood. He remains strong. “When I was in Heaven, after I… I died, the first time.” Sighing, he stretches towards them. Extending an empty palm in a gesture of regret. “I’m… I’m so sorry –“
“Just a fight…” Cas chuckles lightly, nerves grating from her choice in words. He flexes his fist, biting on a knuckle briefly to reign in the caustic remark corroding his stomach. “Kelly,” he says, “I’m trying to understand what kind of state Jack was in before he ran off, and the more information that I have can give me a clearer picture. I don’t need all the details, but a few would be nice. Can you tell me at least that much?”
For peace of mind, Cas quickly glanced at the next-door building. A fleeting thought of a secret entrance hidden in the back flit through. One he deftly quashed by reading the non-lit neon sign advertising tattoos on top. Tattoo parlors did not scream narc front as much as massage parlors and coffee shops did.
Sam found Dean near the front desk, angrily slamming on a concierge bell. “C’mon, c’mon…” he grumbled, “it’s way past lunch break.”
“But he was gone for too long. I was getting antsy, ideas popping up in my head that got more awful as the day wore on. Dad, still fuming, ordered me to quit worrying. ‘Cept I couldn’t, I just wanted to go out and find him. When it was time for bed, that’s when I… digging in my duffel. And his duffel – his duffel…” He chokes on that word, coughing. Dean wipes at barely formed tears. “I hadn’t noticed earlier but I should’ve… it was… Sam’s wasn’t there. He didn’t leave with it so it must’ve been gone earlier, meaning – well, you probably already guessed. I couldn’t… he didn’t even tell… Anyway, dad noticed, too, and…” Dean trails off, swallowed by his suit jacket as he curls forward. His clipped breathing one of many bad omens. He must have been dangling on the edge of this since the beginning, but Dean couldn’t pull himself onto solid ground.
Cas smiles with a weighty huff. “She’s like a dragon isn’t she?” Tracy answers with a twitch of her lips. “Okay, I understand. Thank you… and I’m sorry.”
A troublesome thought surfaced from the depths of fear simmering in the back of her mind, cloaked in the voice of her mother, sounding like advice she passed onto Mia from her mother who learned from her mother’s mother and so on in a long line of ancestors. “Hunters only come by for one thing,” they warned, “the best thing you can do is
“I can’t forget why I’m doing this, Cas,” he says, “Sammy… my brother needs me. I couldn’t be there for him before, but now I… I can.”
Her smile falters, resurging with a smug edge as her chest puffs with a second wind. “On my windshield,” she explains, digging into her purse again, “I noticed a ticket under one of the wipers. Meant to bring it up with him except… a few days later, that’s when he disappeared.” Kelly hands the crumpled slip to Cas, “Will this help?”
Cas nods. Dean needn’t say anything else. “You should’ve seen the inside,” he snickers, “the staff were wearing
His hands shoot up, Cas dropping onto his knees in front of Dean. With the meager distance between them, the position looks almost suggestive. Cas knows it’s not only he who thinks this as fire burns across Dean’s face uncontested. Dean flies back, scowling, buttoning up his jacket and pulling on the flaps. “Well,” Cas asks, grinning now, “does it look like I’m resisting,
He stutters a laugh, rubbing his neck. “It’s cool, right? Everyone else thinks so but… but you can just call me Dean.”
“Let’s not get ahead of yourself,” he murmurs to himself, “There’s no telling this is doing any harm... well, any
He knew his appearance was strange to Castiel, but thankfully he forwent questions and instead dropped off food for Felix.
He returned to his car, starting it like nothing happened, like his skin hadn’t torn and tears weren’t drying on his cheeks as he refused to wipe them off. Dean tapped the pedal and drove off. He drove the same path he took earlier, only in reverse. He drove
Dean launched himself at the pirate, picturing a brown beard instead of black, and a grayish blue eye where a black one was painted. He smashed it with one punch, face splintering and spraying everywhere. Dean continued wrecking it, nearly destroying the door in his fury. Aiming a final blow, Dean hit the sign off the nail and sent it flying from view.
Cas hisses, “Motherfucker –“ It’s not a recent headshot, Jack’s hair short and the bright shine of youth still present in his eyes. But there is no mistaking the boy in the photo as the man Cas knew. Assured, also, by the scribbled notes on the paper behind it where Jack’s name is written.
’. Sure… not because it’s hard holding down a fucking job when you’re six sheets to the wind and counting…” His explosion near the church begins making more sense.
The black, muscle car waits for him. The same car he saw by the abandoned-not-abandoned building, and on the road from Eve Roman’s mansion. Dean digs a key from his pocket and unlocks the door with it, confirming the worst of Cas’s suspicions.
. Cas enters the fray, answering for Dean. Snatches his hand before the other man could, dragging him to his feet. “Dean,” he says, breathless, “I’ve been looking all over for you man! Don’t sneak off on me…”
He finds the perfect tool by a water cooler: young, distracted, and reminiscent of an ineffective scarecrow. Cas shuffles over while the officer chugs from the tiny plastic cup in his hands. Watching him suck every last drop like a gerbil in a cage eases the worry in his stomach that his choice could prove dangerous. “Hey, excuse me,” Cas says, “can you help me?”
“Fine by me.” Cas closes his eyes, inhaling more smoke. Relaxing with its aid, the effect quickly overtaking him. Melts the tension hidden in pockets around his body; ferrets out the bad vibes, replacing them with more peaceful energies. A piece of negativity continually annoys him, shrapnel of it stuck near his heart. When he opens his eyes, Cas finds Dean staring. Different from his others, green clouded and hazy. An innocence lost within the fog edging through green trees. Worried, Castiel runs his hand across the scraggly expanse, fingers bumping into thin leather.
Dean leans his head on Cas’s shoulder, listening as Serafina rambles about possible plans. Adam interjecting with his own ideas every now and then. Watching them, a strange feeling flutters inside his chest.
Sam rose, too, ready to disagree. The thin press of Dean’s mouth warned Sam he shouldn’t argue. He accepted an early defeat, but in his own way. “Thank you, Doctor Vallens,” he said, offering his hand to her, “I’m sorry about my brother and his…
“That’s good,” he says, letting the tie slip from his grip. Nick hits the bed with a soft thud. “How much of her do you remember?”
Brusque, but thankfully Claire doesn’t focus on it. Too busy giving him information, and an ultimatum. Already at his limit after dealing with Dean, he pinches his brow. Sighing, Cas agrees to her terms and hangs up.
Shifting, Cas rolls off Dean and onto his side. No sooner than it started, those flames eating at Dean’s insides tempered. Became a more manageable heat, containable. Dean tucked himself against Cas’s chest, hearing his heartbeat. Awed from that simple rhythm it gives. Lulls Dean with a gentle song. “Jack,” Cas explains. Rubs Dean’s shoulder, along where his handprint was. Teased the edges of his tee, part of his memorial tattoo revealed. Cas traces his palm outline. “In fixing Chuck’s mistakes, he… he mounted a rescue mission from Heaven.”
Sam visibly startled, jaw clenched that familiar way Dean knows meant an argument brewed within; his brother’s puppy dog features deceived, hiding his true feelings. Again, as Sam readied to speak, the baby took his cue and interrupted with a damning wail. Sam pressed his lips into a thin, mangled line while he waited his turn.
,” Dean scoffs, “It was this bullshit term Sammy’s program used for people who left everything behind in
. That appeases the monster clawing at his mind, its voice, eerily similar to his dad’s, fading away. Dean smiles, then lets go.
. So, when you’re ready to start, let me know.” Adam spins on his heel, grabbing for tinctures and potions on a nearby counter. Mixes them. Feigns busyness while Dean readies himself.
They sag into each other, hands still clasped between them. “That was the worst ‘meet the parent’ I’ve ever been through,” Dean sighs. He squeezes Castiel’s hand. “So… prince, huh?”
enjoyment. He sowed seeds of unwanted fantasies. Dean cleared his throat, repeating the question, digging out those dropped seedlings before the bartender’s imagined wanderings might flower.
Dean meets his stare, pupils receding into their regular shape. “Whatever,” he sighs, brandishing handcuffs, “that part doesn’t matter. At least I finally have a reason to haul your sorry ass to the precinct.”
Kaia smiles, a tiny, fragile thing. Brown eyes deep with an unspoken past that dredges sympathy from his own murky waters. “Thank you.”
In fact, it’s the best course of action for both of them. Dean will get to reunite with his family, if he had one. And Castiel can make the tides of his conscious rest easy knowing he helped this poor unfortunate soul, especially considering the part he had to play in the human’s ‘accident’. If he learns a few things about humans along the way… it’s only an added bonus.
“Let me guess,” Cas says, rising, “it’s that same building you and I were camped outside of. The one that
“Well I like to think that shows how well you and your company can respond to challenges and have your risks overwhelmingly pay off. And while some investors might balk at getting tied up with an asset so close to the Iron Curtain, I can assure you that a little Red Scare never stopped any of us from doing our jobs.”
“Some house in the ‘burbs,” Cas waves off, “Don’t think it was a permanent address, though. At the end of it all, they were talking about where the next meeting’d be set up, but I dipped before any more chicks bamboozled me into wasting another afternoon.”
Pierce clears his throat, wincing at him. “I’ll tell people the janitor’s in there. It’ll only give you a few minutes.”
Cas flicks Mick’s badge, chuckling. “No foolin’? I always wondered what the ‘B’ stood for… most folks told me it meant ‘Boobies’, didn’t think it’d be for ‘British’.”
“Thanks for the fun,” Cas tells her, standing, “but bricks need hitting.” Meg follows him out of her kitchen, helping him collect his things. He slips the white button-down on and wraps the tie around his neck like a scarf. Cas turns, seeing a nude Meg with his trench coat in hand. Recoils when he brings it close by his nose. “This’ll be getting a scrub.”
Dean cracked one eye open, then another. In his periphery, he saw the tips of Cas’s limp fingers lying in the dirt along with the rest of his body.
Rufus sighs and rubs the back of his hand across his forehead. “Yeah, Gordon was my nephew. Only reason I know about that wacky group is ‘cause of him. Boy never was the best in making good decisions. Always getting into trouble…”
“Sam dropped off food the next two weeks, but by then our dad was dying to move on,” he explains, “I happened to overhear him bitchin’ on the phone and knew it’d be soon. So I took a personal day and brought his mutt t’the nearest shelter.” Hopefully Patchy found a good home, not that he cared.
He exists in darkness. A warm, welcoming blackness, like being swaddled in a blanket. Hiding under it while winds howled and raged, sheets of rain slamming atop roofs and pelleting windows. Safe, protected.
Castiel’s face heats deliriously, his chest beating faster then he’s ever felt it go. “Oh,” he says, “that’s…
Fitzgerald smiles and tosses the ruined cup into a nearby trash bin. “Sure, I know where Winchester’s desk is. What you’ll want to do is…”
“Oh, screw it,” Cas sighs. He jumps up from the bed, Calvin faltering on his dismount. Before he can say anything, though, Cas pushes him onto his back. Then Cas drops into a crawl, hovering over Calvin’s rock-hard dick. “Buckle up, baby,” he says, swallowing the entire length in one breath.
“No, no I just… well I never finished high school,” Dean tells him, “This… place where you go to learn. Where I’m from there’s this thing called ‘mandatory education’, and it ends after high school. After that you either enter the workforce or continue learning at other, more fancier schools. I was never that good at it so I went ahead and did this…
Now Castiel stays attuned to his surroundings, making sure to point out anything that might brighten Dean’s face once more. Along their journey they had seen a parade of jellyfish floating by, a friendly great white, and a few whales migrating along their path.
He enjoys the show somewhat, the darker-skinned woman in a cheap angel get-up prancing about the finite space. Crushing unlucky fingers under her platform heels if they reach in too far. She slips the dollar bill from Nick’s grasp into her thong’s waistband alongside other bills fluttering.
There’s a motel off Highway 70 called Angel’s Paradise, first established in the early 1900s, and last renovated in 1982. The owners back then, who remain so today, envisioned heaven as some tropical destination. That meant each room, alike in their simplicity and functionality, would be redone along these guidelines. Walls plastered with paper-print palm fronds and blooming, pink flowers. Bathrooms tiled a light blue – like waters from the clearest ocean – and little soaps shaped like shells to match the shell-patterned shower curtain. They’d have an entertainment unit housing a small television set would double as a dust collector, various ocean-themed knick-knacks cluttered atop it, ranging from homemade to store bought. A wicker table situated between two wicker chairs, a wicker dresser placed next to the entertainment unit and a wicker bed-or-beds layered by their own palm fronds, matching the walls. Finally, tying the décor together was a little (wicker) side table near the door with a plastic conch set to catch keys or loose change or cigarette ash. Given these changes, any customer might imagine they were in Florida rather then Colorado, or it was June instead of February. Especially in the crown jewel of Angel’s Paradise, the
Hearing this doesn’t shock him, having already suspected her involvement in the Party. While berets were quite fashionable, the black power fist button pinned on it signaled a more utilitarian meaning.
“Fuck no, I just told him that so he’d put you on. I’m working a case and it looks like there’s rumblings in your neck of the woods. Wanted to see if you can spare some information for your coolest uncle?”
Cas flinches, turning. Nobody else did. A broken plate rests on the floor, jagged edges scattered about. Revelers carried on with the conversations only they could hear, ignoring any interruptions, like the second plate the followed the first. Girl by the cupboard flinging it behind her as she searches.
He stutters to a halt, grip on the jar slipping. Dean places it over his heart, winding his arms around it. “I’m sorry I never took you here ‘till now,” he says, “I was always too afraid. Because after telling you all that, the next thing I’d see was you pulling your hand out of mine, and your face… you’d smile, but it’d be sadder, because you’d have to explain how you don’t feel the same. Angel stuff that I’d tune out since all I’d hear is the echo of my heart shattering.” Dean cries into his shoulder, muffling his next few sentences. “I held it in. Kept it, and
!” Immediately his face stretched in regret, rubber band snapping as he leaped forward in years to his appropriate age. It didn’t matter; the barb struck exactly where it intended, puncturing soft underbelly, unguarded by Dean’s calloused defenses.
in my mouth that aren’t fucking true, okay. Just because I haven’t slept with Abby doesn’t mean I don’t plan to. That I’m not… not
Meg shucks her sweater, breasts bouncing and sliding off the sides. “They said burn bras, not underwear Clarence.”
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, “Then Castiel swallows past the lump in his throat as he truly sees how beautiful Dean’s green eyes are, like emeralds shining in a mine.”
Closing his eyes, Sam rocked back on his heels. He rubbed his neck, feeling every strain and ache from the past few days weighing on his body. “Of course we aren’t.”
Dean grabs Castiel’s hand and pulls him away, skateboard forgotten. “We should go now,” he says, other hand digging into his pants pocket, “Before I forget though, Jack I want you to have this.” He pulls his car keys out and tosses them Jack’s way.
stomach cramps. Told her she can go while I deal with my business, and then I’ll head out on my way. Except she must have forgotten to leave a key for me, so I can lock the door after myself! I didn’t want to leave her front door all open like that.” Cas pouts, pressing a hand up against his mouth. “Someone could take advantage and break in.”
Strategically, there is no point in provoking an officer already dangling over the edge. But Dean makes Cas’s mind mushy and irrational. He listens, but not without a memorable goodbye. “Hopefully the next time you see my cock again we won’t be in an alley and you’ll be in a far better mood.” Cas winks, ignoring Dean’s roar and striding off towards his car.
Sam mirrored the confusion noticeably present in Jack’s features. “Dean, why are you taking this so personally?”
She rolls the request on her tongue, tasting it like bitter wine until finally swallowing it down. “Okay,” she nods, “yes, I can… I can do that.” Kelly gestures at the couch, Cas bounding over the coffee table again despite her withering glare. He shrugs an apology while she sits, carefully and uncomfortably.
“I’ve heard all I needed,” Mick says, wincing, “Ketch. Let’s go… I feel a tremendous headache setting in.”
“God,” Dean groaned, slamming his head on the chair’s backboard, “If I have to hear that word one more time, I swear I’m gonna scream.”
“Not larger than usual, I can assure you.” Mick squeezes Ketch’s shoulder; smile thin on his face. “My partner was just giving you some examples that might… jog your memory.”
Andy last saw a woman in a billowy white shirt handing flyer after flyer like the one Jack had on an unknown street corner in Los Angeles proper last time he ventured there for a concert. “I remember her, of course,” Andy boasted from the passenger seat of Cas’s lemon-yellow Pontiac GTO, face pressed against the glass like he were a sunflower. “She had these big tits, and you could tell she was a bra burner if you know what I mean.”
Jack frowns, turning to his writing. He bites his lip, realizing the extra quotation marks added in too late. It didn’t diminish his enjoyment, only compounding it.
If Dean wanted to encourage attention, he’d have dressed like him. Mesh shirt with uneven holes, some stretched wider than most. Its woven fabric failed at hiding the sweat that dampened his obviously spray-tanned skin, strips of orange paint peeling like a rind. The bartender wiped his brow, a streak of bright white skin revealed. “A strawberry margarita.”
Dean turns to him, smile growing surprisingly larger than it already was. “Thank you for noticing Jack,” he says, “You are so observant. I
Hunched over the outdoor railing, Cas’s vision blurs. Darkness encroaching at a pace that makes him shiver. “That’s not…” he hisses, sinking lower, crouching. “It’s not real. It can’t… there’s a
“I wouldn’t call it that,” he mocks, tapping at his chin, “the words wouldn’t capture the magic of what we had – like lightning in a bottle… but that’s not something I feel comfortable discussing while in the presence of
Cas sheds his seriousness, face wrinkled by his wide grin. Breathing deep without the weight of responsibility. “Of course, I do,” he says, “Dean, dig around in the glove box. There should be some.”
Castiel wanted to say that it’s nothing special – how dolphins are as common as the tides. But after catching his breath he saw Dean’s gummy smile and twinkling eyes and how his tail spun round and round in imitation of a whirlpool. He couldn’t muster up the annoyance from before.
Castiel smiles as he agrees with him. “You’re an extraordinary being, Dean. I’m… I’m glad to have gotten the chance to know you as well. Even if the… the circumstances are unfortunate.” The guilt bubbles up inside him, and he quashes it there. So many other emotions are churning inside, he can’t spend time dealing with one he already knows the name of.
“After what he knows?” Charles’s mouth fades into a grim line, “I can’t put one human over the safety of my entire people, Castiel.”
They avoid making too much noise, slipping into his bedroom without trouble. Cas drags a decorative ornamental folding wall in front of the archway, improvising as there was no door. The painted marshlands protecting Claire and Kaia from seeing things they might not want. Frogs and cranes frozen on the linen indifferent towards their modestly.
“You’re right, I wouldn’t have,” Cas tells him, startling Dean, “but now I do. This isn’t just about Jack anymore, Dean. All those kids – you think the feds are gonna care who they’re gonna have to mow down to get to their targets?”
Kelly answers the door, tiredly smiling when she realizes who stands before her. “Mr. Novak,” she says, patting at fly-away hair; brushing flour off her hands and onto her apron. “What is it? Have you found Jack yet?”
Dean waited, watching Cas’s lips. He waited for his name to be spoken, said in that same mixture of fondness and exasperation and gravel that ticked the tempo of his heart up a notch. He waited for his angel to smile, then tell Dean that he’s fine; that it wasn’t more than a scratch, that he’s still here.
his report – saw his name there – I was sure. Only he’d already been processed out by the time I got my hands on the damn paper.”
“It was brief,” he recalls, “I was passing through the pen while he talked with one of his arresting officers. He looked
Dean circles the skeleton studying it. His fingers brush up against the weird draping filled with holes. Sunken holes as dark as an abyss stare back in an almost similar, morbid fascination. “This is so cool…” Dean murmurs.
He shuffled towards her, Mia flinching as he did. The knife perked at her side. “Sorry,” he said, both hands rising to greet her. His open, empty palms soothed her somewhat, and weakened her hold on the knife, it wilting into her skirt. “I didn’t come here for a fight.”
The rugaru lunged at Dean and its maggoty face got a little too close for his liking. “Sayonara, sucker,” Dean shot the rugaru in the face. The rugaru simply growled and moved even closer.
Stevie unlocked the door and tossed the key to Dean. “Enjoy. Let me know if you need anything else.”
Stevie nodded. “Okay, that’s settled then. I’ll give you the room for half off on account of the extreme tackiness.”
Sam blew the dust off of the cover and opened it. “Jackpot!” Sam smiled at Dean. “It’s Maureen’s hunting journal.”
“Do you happen to know a Maureen Budd?” Sam waved John’s journal in the air. “Our dad was a friend of hers.”
Sam sighed, but shrugged. “Thought it might be nice to stay in a more upscale type of place for once.”
“The people drank the milk, had sex, and then their hearts leapt out of their body,” explained Sam. “You are saying that you didn’t have anything to do with that?”
David’s harassed face peaked out from the bathroom door. “What do you mean they aren’t FBI agents?” asked David. “They’re holding their badges right in your face.”
“Well, how was I supposed to know that Mr. Stone was Roland, Stevie?” John’s eyebrows wiggled in indignation and his eyes widened. “When I called Roland out on it, he pretended to be so offended that I thought I offended a real person!”
“Oh, this is definitely our bad,” a witch with braided hair nudged the young woman next to her. “Lydia, you’ve done it again. No wonder our bones were aching.”
“Their story checks out,” said Sam. He gestured to a page in Maureen’s notebook. “Maureen wrote the exact same thing. I didn’t think much of it when I first read it, because I didn’t understand what she was getting at.”
Sam made a face at Dean, and Dean chuckled. “You’re disgusting,” Sam slid out of the booth. “Sometimes I can’t believe I’m related to you.”
Dean, Sam and Cas left the farm. “We can ask David Rose to introduce us,” suggested Sam. “He’s just in the room next door to us.”
A low viscous rumble emitted from the man’s throat. The man crawled forward, then began to charge. Sam and Dean quickly pushed past Alexis into the motel room, shutting the door just in time if the loud thud of the man bashing against it was any indication.
“I have loved you since the moment I saw your soul,” Cas smiled his gummy smile. “And I have been falling for you ever since.”
“But Lydia sometimes gets confused and mixes up the milks, and puts the sacred cow milk into our products and gives us normal milk.”
Inside, Dean recognized the man with bold eyebrows at the register as David from the motel. David was standing next to another man with a round pleasant looking face.
Alexis and David started to explain, but then got into a quarrel about a Gucci bag in Italy. Dean jerked his head to Sam, and they both quietly left the bickering siblings behind in the motel room. They picked up the rugaru and buried it in the yard behind the motel, leaving the whitehead lancet in the body. They figured David probably didn’t want it anymore.
The growl echoed louder, this time apparent that the source wasn’t Dean’s stomach. Dean and Sam whipped around. Glowing red eyes blinked in the evening night. A crouched man appeared out of the shadows, grinning maniacally, with blood dripping down his face.
“Um, excuse me?” David pointed at the rugaru’s unmoving form with a shaking finger. “What are we going to do about that? We can’t have the guests see that!”
“Suit yourself,” Dean took a big bite of pie. If he was gonna do this, he might as well have pie while having the scariest conversation of his life. “Sammy?”
The rugaru bashed at the door again. Dean shot Sam another worried look. If they didn’t figure this out soon, they’d all be dead.
David.” Alexis’s arms drew close to her body like she was holding two invisible handbags.  “Would you rather just have them
Dean nodded to Cas and they stepped out of hiding. “People in Elmdale are dying because of you,” Dean accused, turning to face the witches. “Right before they die, they drink the product that you sell at David’s store.” The witches turned to look at David. David was shaking and looked as though he was wishing he could disappear into the ground.
“This cow gives us strength in our bones, to help us combat the side effects of living for so long.” explained another witch.
“Cas…” Dean didn’t know how it happened, but somehow he ended up kissing Cas, soft and clumsy. Cas’s prickly stubble rubbed harshly against Dean’s face, but Dean didn’t mind. He was kissing Cas, and frankly, he didn’t give a damn about anything else.
“What the…” Though the man looked like the definition of a creepy supernatural creature, Dean had never seen anything like this man’s glowing red eyes.
Stevie shrugged. “I have a box of her stuff upstairs. You can look through it, if you want. It’s mostly dust and dolls.”
“Yes! That’s it!” cried a skinny witch from the back. “It used to be a beautiful meadow, but no mind. You did the first part of the transition spell. Just finish it and no more pesky rugarus.”
Dean’s hunger predictably rumbled up around noon, so they headed back to the cafe for lunch. Dean eagerly opened the large fold-out menu, ready to get the food, but Sam still had the case on his mind.
The next day, David led Stevie and Sam onto the farm. The plan was for David, Stevie and Sam to distract the witches, while Cas and Dean snuck onto the farm to lay a trap.
Dean tore his eyes away from Cas and examined the ivy covered building with suspicion. “Looks like it’s out of our budget, Sammy.”
It wasn’t long before the door opened yet again and a woman clad in flannel and jeans walked in. She raised her eyebrows at Sam, Dean and Cas clustered around the desk, seemingly taken aback by the amount of people in the room.
Dean and Sam nodded their greetings, then exchanged looks. Vague memories of the Morton House flickered back into Dean’s mind.
Sam shrugged. “Beats me. But Alexis was right. This also says that the Canadian rugaru is a different species from the American rugaru because it originated in France, not England. The Canadian rugaru has glowing eyes and more human teeth than its American counterparts. It can also be killed by stabbing the creature with a silver knife and spraying it with lavender. Alexis’s perfume must have lavender in it.”
, okay,” Alexis rolled her eyes. Dean and Sam readied their guns to fend off the rugaru. She wrenched open the door, sprayed the rugaru with the perfume, and stabbed it in the heart with the lancet. It fell dead at her feet.
Dean flickered his eyes over Cas’s chapped lips, feeling mildly surprised. He didn’t know how to respond or even if he should respond. He remembered all of the fights and arguments he had with Cas and wondered how that could possibly be true.
Dean and Sam managed to kill another rugaru. They advanced on the last rugaru, but it fell dead at their feet before they even got within stabbing distance.
“I’m okay!” called Cas from the bathroom. “I have stopped expelling matter. But I do not wish to spend any time without immediate access to a toilet. You should go talk to David before it gets too late.”
“I’m hungry,” Dean rubbed his stomach and pouted. Cas gave him a sympathetic look. As Cas had begun to fall again, he was starting to feel the pangs of hunger.
“Ummm no, you can also use pure silver on the French ones.” Alexis rolled her eyes. “Ugh. Just let me do it, Dean.”
“No,” Dean shook his head. “I have to.” Dean sat down at the edge of the bed. Cas’s arm slowly lowered down onto the bedspread.
“Maybe add ‘Do not drink’ to the milk packages, David?” suggested a witch. “We thought it was abundantly obvious, but obviously people are stupider than we thought.”
Dean was suddenly struck by a memory of Castiel saying a similar sentiment many years ago. “Good things do happen.”
“I don’t want to hold them off” called David. “I just want to finish my Turkish Orange Blossom Calming and Clarifying Mask before I have another panic attack in the bathroom.”
“Moira,” John turned to the woman at the front desk with eyebrows raised. “I thought I told you to man the front desk?”
Alexis took one look at their ID badges and laughed. She turned back into the room. “David? You can relax, they aren’t FBI agents.”
“You can say that again,” Patrick laughed. “David and I were business partners when we started dating. I was so afraid that our relationship would go sour and that would change everything. But we stayed strong.”
“We’ll need two rooms please.” Sam walked up the desk and dug out his wallet. “We aren’t sure how long we’ll be staying, but we can pay by the day.”
“Well, she always said she was a bitch at heart,” shrugged Stevie. “She told me I’d be a bitch too one day. I always thought she was talking about our general preference to avoid all human contact. I never thought she was talking about being a Biche, the holder of a protective amulet.”
“Why don’t you ask?” Dean muttered. “I’m sure that lady would love to answer all of your questions.”
“Maybe it’s in that compartment on the wall,” Stevie pointed to the wall where the picture used to hang.
Dean expected the morning after to be awkward, but it was like any other morning, besides the short morning-breath kisses. Dean left Cas in bed, getting up to brush his teeth and change into something more presentable. Dean took a deep breath before grabbing a box of pie, steeling himself for the hardest part.
“Wait,” Sam held out his arms and the chattering witches became quiet. “This town has also been plagued by rugarus. Could that also be caused by the milk?”
“Thanks, Cas,” said Sam. “We’ll keep you updated.” Sam moved to exit the room, but Dean grabbed Sam’s arm.
Dean and Sam worked to carefully lift the heavy stag portrait off the wall. Cas helped them carefully examine the back of the canvas for anything that looked out of the ordinary.
That night, they broke into the front office of the motel. Not that they did much of breaking in. The door was unlocked.
Dean tore open the wrapping to reveal the most gorgeous looking apple pie he had seen in his life. “Awesome,” Dean grinned. “I love pie.”
“I never said it was a motel.” Sam pulled out his phone and tapped it a couple times. “I said that this was the only place to stay in Elmdale.”
There was something in Patrick’s voice that made Dean stop cramming pie in his mouth long enough to look Patrick in the eyes. Patrick’s round eyes were warm and filled with sympathy.
“Huh,” Dean put another bit of pie into his mouth and chewed thoughtfully. Dean was amazed about how relaxed and comfortable Sam was with Dean’s confession. Hell, if he’d known Sam would have reacted like this, he would have said something a lot sooner.
“Patrick gave us pies as thanks,” explained Dean. “I sampled them, you know, just to make sure that there wasn’t any witchcraft, and I do have to say that these may be the best apple pies I have tasted.”
Their discussion was interrupted by Twyla to take their order. Shortly after, she came back with their food, and Dean eagerly tucked in, demolishing his burger in record time. When Sam finished his salad, he pushed back his plate and said, “So what’s next?”
Dean pulled into the small parking lot and smiled in satisfaction at the broken ‘No refunds’ sign in the window which now only read ‘No fun’. “Ah, Sammy, this is more my style. No valet, no fancy ivy, no breaking the wallet.”
The farm didn’t look particularly spooky. It actually looked pretty idyllic. A couple cows grazed on the grass and the sun made the main house seem warm and welcoming. As they made their way to the front door, they saw that an elderly woman in a style of dress that looked like it was from the eighteenth century sat on the porch. She sat with her arms folded in her lap rocking back and forth peacefully.
A fit man with a familiar looking smile jogged over to join them out the table. “Hi, I’m Ted.” The man gave a cheerful little wave. “Alexis has told me all about you.”
“Do you want to have dinner with us tonight?” asked Stevie. “David’s family is having dinner at the cafe. I’m sure they’d love for you all to join us.”
“Just because some people are idiots, doesn’t mean you have to chain us up like this,” called a witch.
“So we need fire.” Dean started patting his pockets, looking for his lighter. “They can only be killed with fire.”
“Yeah,” Sam pushed his sweaty hair out of his face. “They’re pretty damn fast. Sometimes the lore is very specific, but it’s worth a shot.”
“When I’m with you,” Cas murmured and his eyes closed almost bashfully. With Cas’s eyes closed, Dean felt like a bright spotlight had just been turned off.
From Dean and Cas’s vantage point in the bushes, they could see Sam, Stevie, and David very clearly.
Cas had been part of their lives for so long; he couldn’t bear it if he lost Cas because of some stupid hopeless romance. Dying had a better chance of bringing Cas back to him than a failed relationship. He didn’t want to suffer the awkward stilted conversations so common between ex-lovers. He loved Cas too much to lose him, which is why he would never-- could never-- be with him. With that resolved, Dean fell into an uneasy sleep filled with dark wings and ruffled brown hair.
messy Lithuanian hostage situation.” She ran her fingers through her blonde hair and giggled, as if the memory was a particularly funny one.
“Uh, no way,” said Dean. “No offense, lady, but you look like you’ve never stabbed anything larger than a pimple.”
Sam took the pillow off of his head and his grumpy expression faded. “I know, Dean,” Sam’s voice was gentle. “Are you finally together?”
Dean and Sam dug through old newspapers, ugly dolls, and layers upon layers of dust before they found a leather bound journal.
had my nails painted, but I managed to get rid of it in time for the pedicure.” Alexis looked at her nails and smiled.
“Why would they want to make cows poop so much?” Dean paced by the bathroom door. “Maybe this was some sort of sick way to keep people off of their property? Like some sort of Montezuma's revenge?”
“Google Maps says that we have arrived,” Cas announced rather unnecessarily from the backseat. “Destination is on our right.” Once introduced to Google Maps and Siri, Cas had taken to technology in an annoyingly (Dean’s first thought was ‘endearingly’, but he mentally tossed that out of his head) incorrect sort of way that took twice as long as simply using the eyes in his head.
Sam sat down to read with a penlight in mouth, while Dean started on another box, which seemed to be full with old romance novels.
Dean grunted in affirmation, shifting Baby into first to cruise into the hotel’s circular driveway. A uniformed man sprung out from behind a small desk labeled valet parking.
David sighed and rolled his eyes up to the ceiling. “Okay, fine. But I can’t go tomorrow. I have to watch the store while Patrick goes to some business conference.”
David was pale and quaking with fear. “This is worse than moths.” David clutched tightly to Stevie’s arm.
“Morning, Sammy.” Dean itched to ask about Cas, but decided to play it cool. Cas could take care of himself.
“There was something off about that farm,” muttered Sam. He looked out the window at the shrinking silhouette of the main house in the red light of the setting sun.
But what really surprised Dean was how much the whole town accepted David and Patrick’s relationship. Maybe Dean’s Kansas roots were showing, but whenever Patrick and David did anything remotely romantic, Dean couldn’t help to keep one eye on the lookout for trouble. But no one in the cafe seemed remotely disgusted or even shocked by the relationship. No one seemed to care. That realization loosened a part of Dean that had been knotted up since he was a child.
“What?” asked Castiel. He looked back at Dean in confusion. Dean shrugged. If he didn't know better, he would say that the lady was not speaking English. Her accent was certainly quite unplaceable.
“Look,” Sam’s voice interrupted Dean’s internal musings. “I found a 1930’s census with a Mary Biche, who goes on to marry a Robert Budd in the 1950s.”
“How do you know it’s a fertility--” Dean cut himself off and shook his head. “You know what, I don’t even want to know. Let’s burn that thing and get the hell out of here.”
Sam and Dean exchanged a look. “Ma’am, these are very real,” said Dean. “And we need to speak with your brother.”
“Wait, I’m sorry,” interjected David. “You knew that there were all these supernatural things in the world?”
“Stevie, David, and Cas work on that amulet,” ordered Sam. He joined Dean with his own silver knife. “Dean and I will hold them off.”
“Guests at the hotel?” called the man. “I can help you with any luggage and Jefferey can park your car for you.” The man nodded behind him at another uniformed man.
Sam sighed and held out a hand in defeat. “I asked him to talk to you,” admitted Sam. “I thought it might help if you talked to someone in a stable loving relationship who came out later in life.”
The next day, Dean woke to an empty bed. He sat up, checked the bathroom, before using the connecting door to enter Sam’s room.
“That was what we wanted to talk to you about.” Sam pulled out the body milk and showed it to Alexis. “We are pretty sure that this milk may be causing people to go crazy.”
“Oh, hello.” The woman looked Sam up and down with a critical eye. “I’m afraid I don’t know how to do that. You’ll have to wait for my associate to be back.” The woman pointed to a small red sign that said ‘Back in 15 minutes!’ and pointedly went back to her book.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean’s voice came out softer than he meant it to. “Feelin’ okay?” Dean chucked off his jeans and slid into bed besides Cas. He could see Cas’s eyes watching him in the mirror.
“Are there any other motels in the area?” asked Dean. “We don’t need anything fancy, just a place to crash for a few nights.”
“Right,” Dean nodded like he was used to having his world turned upside down in an instant. “Right, right. Right.”
“Do you think that was a side effect of the hex bag?” asked Sam, looking worried. “Or maybe burning the bag didn’t stop the curse?”
Dean eyed the bed with the knowing apprehension of a six foot man who has attempted to sleep in tiny beds before. “If the bed next door is bigger, I’m calling it.”
Sam sighed. “Why don’t we go and ask how much a room is? If it’s too expensive, we can ask them if there is a motel nearby.” Sam rolled down the window and looked at Dean expectantly.
drinking it,” Dean said gruffly, as he dragged a dresser in front of the door. “And we need to stop it before they murder someone else.”
“Thanks, man,” Dean took the boxes and inhaled the cinnamony goodness wafting from the pies. “We normally don’t get thank you presents.”
John sighed, then seemed to notice Sam, Dean and Cas standing outside their rooms. “Hello, gentleman. I apologize about the noise. It’s not usually like this.”
Moira looked up at John with an indignant expression. “John, I have been manning this desk with the fortitude of the royal army standing guard for the queen of England.”
“What do you want me to do?” Stevie looked uncertain. She turned to Dean, Cas and Sam. “We can leave. You can have the portrait. I honestly don’t care about it that much.”
She tried to push David off, but he clutched to her tighter. “Stevie, please. I think I’m literally dying of fear.”
“You don’t have to say it back,” Castiel put a hand to Dean’s face. It was large and slightly sweaty, different from the small feminine fingers Dean was used to when datinng girls. “You were brave enough today for the both of us.”
“Yeah…” Dean rubs at his jaw, gaze shrouded as the light focuses inward. Arguing with himself, Cas left outside. Waiting. “It was… like I couldn’t make any thoughts. The whole process kept getting - getting
“Toes in the sand, Jack,” Dean says, “Toes in the sand.” Balling up his socks and letting them drop, Dean hops his way over to where Sam and Castiel stand on the lake’s shore.
“Okay,” he mumbles. Rearranges himself into a more familiar posture, its appearance more pitiful than annoying. “Scratch her once and I’m dragging you in for kidnapping and vandalism.”
he is where he is. He becomes nameless, another body in motion. Faceless as the strobe lights flicker and hide his features. Thoughtless, no room for anything besides what he hears. Dean doesn’t exist save for moments that jab at his awareness. Castiel squeezing his hand. The feel of hair then stubble then hair as his touch roams. Gasps at the base of his neck that elicit headier gasps from Dean. Firm press of chest-to-back, joined hands resting over his heart while Castiel’s free hand lays atop Dean’s stomach as they rock together.
in the only way we could. But he made up his mind, like with Jack. Took Billie down, and him, too. Leaving me there – alone – that it… when I
Sam cooks all the bacon in the extra large pack, mouth watering so much Jack sees him wipe away drool every few minutes or so. Inbetween cooking Sam would pepper in a few more nice words Jack’s way. At one point he was so distracted showering Jack with praise very obvious smoke poured out from the pan.
“This whole patch of land belongs to this kook named Creaser,” she explains as the last house on the block ends, miles of greenery stretching far on either side, “and in the center, is where the party’s at.”
“No, no,” Castiel answers, “we don’t hold any judgment on who another person chooses to engage their time with… as long as an offspring is produced from a mating than really no one cares. One of the benefits, I suppose, to loveless bondings.”
They’ve met up every now and then, calling on the other if backs needed scratching. Never putting a label on what they shared. “My co-workers saw you the other day,” she mentioned one night while they lay side by side, bodies spent. “Asked if you were my boyfriend.”
“Perfect.” He drops the phone and races across the street. Meg, anticipating this, has the buzzer ringing him in active already. Cas throws the door open and bounds up the steps. Because of his shoes, he blunders the landing and skids hard into the wall. From across the hall he hears a snort, and after rubbing the bump on his head Cas sees her.
“You not knowing about the sun is confusing. Next thing you’re going to tell me you don’t know what the moon is, too.”
Blinding light. Searing pain. Castiel screams silently as his body breaks and reknits itself in a new form. His mind whites out, the last thought asking if this was what Dean felt every time he put the amulet on. When the glow dims, Castiel becomes aware of how dark the waters are, and that he can’t breathe.
He rolls his eyes at the absurdity of humanity. In his mind, Castiel marks a tally for another concept from Dean’s world he doesn’t understand. It began a while ago, when Dean made mention of something called pie.
“A fee.” Sergei ends his meditation and relaxes into a normal posture. He grabs a discarded length of cloth painted in psychedelic colors, tossing it over his head. Pulls his hair and necklaces out from underneath the kaftan, former flowing behind him in the breeze while the latter clatters as it settles. “Equal exchange. Very fair. Although I do impose more on those carrying
The stranger turns another corner on his journey, and Cas pounds asphalt. Beats the counter as the traffic whizzes past and blows at his hair. Cas smoothens his shirt, takes a calming breath and continues.
She studied the profile, committing details to memory as the beginning pinpricks of the shift startled like morning waves lapping at her feet.
He barely focuses on anything that wasn’t his thoughts as he makes his way from the hallway, swatting at them like flies. Buzzing about minute details he should have pressed Rufus on before he ran. If there were any teens at the meeting, or carnations? That damned flower asserted its importance numerous times, from the hippie chick to Roman’s file, and then the box in the precinct’s record room.
Dean laughs hollowly, Cas’s hand stilling atop Dean’s head. “Yeah, well in my experience there’s no light. On the job… outside of it – it’s just years of shadows and not even a shred of light ever broke through.”
Castiel hums, squeezing Dean’s shaking fingers. “Honestly? I never allowed myself to hope my feelings would be returned.”
Sighing, Cas shifted on the couch. “I need some fake credentials and paperwork, and I know you can either do it or get someone to do it for you.”
“When you told me you loved me, I couldn’t believe it,” Dean confesses, “and then, when you told me why I – I was… I believed that
Cas accepts his gift, then launches himself forward. Kisses Dean passionately, embrace drawn long enough that when they break both men pant. “This makes my gift look worse, by comparison, you realize,” he says, squinting, “you thoughtful, romantic
“Hey, no harm done,” he tells her, “I didn’t mean to step on any toes by being here. Not my intention.”
“No.” Dean slides his own hand, taking Jack’s. Squeezes it. Grounding himself further. “I don’t… it’s not your fault. Cas made the deal. He – he’s made his choice. It’s… if he had the chance to go back, he’d still do it. Again and again. That’s who he is.” Dean hiccups, face cracking as his mouth stretches wide, gracing the others with a rueful smile. “Putting everyone’s needs before himself even if it… even if it meant he could never…” He shudders, Cas’s peaceful expression when the Empty struck frozen in his mind. “Too good, Cas was – he was too good –“
implode if either Dean or Castiel knew what he wrote about. Michael's archangel grace would suck his body into its core and then wipe away any traces of the Bunker from existence. Already he can feel it clawing at his lungs.
“I think…” Cas glances between the agents, sense of self-preservation fleeing as a grin unfurls across his face. Meeting Ketch’s challenge with his own. “I think you better be careful, agent.”
Dean nodded. He pulled his hand out his pocket – she hadn’t noticed it disappeared – and revealed a photograph. It was old. It was bent every which way. It was given to her with trembling hands. “If you don’t mind?”
“They might have rebranded, but I knew it was them,” Dean explains, “except instead of chasing addicts they were going after an even more impressionable group…”
“I didn’t think I could ever be a cop, but it’s actually easier than a lot of folks like to think –“
said.” Hand on his throat, he affects his vocal cords. Mimicking the other angel’s gravelly tone again, “Dean, please go along with Lucifer’s wishes and help him –“
He sits in the kitchen excited and fearful for what’s about to unfold. His laptop rests in front of him, open, the filled Word document the only thing open on the screen. Jack waits for the others to wake up, a part of him hoping he'll see his tale play out.
“When, uh…” Dean and Cas bend their heads together, “It was definitely sometime during that hike, right? Because that’s when Serafina mentioned she was ordained. I just can’t remember if it was before or after we skinny-dipped in their secret spring?”
Even being unknowingly helpful, Dean makes Cas’s search difficult. “Couldn’t have written directions? Or be more specific?” He stops when he reaches the section for misdemeanors, only possible destination that ‘
Dean bristles, feathers bursting out of his pillows as his mouth flattens. “I don’t know what you’re talking about?”
Dean made it in July. He hid it away, alongside the others, until October reared its head and reminded them of Halloween.
“Clearly.” Blue Eyes chuckles, and Dean – not sure for what reason – joins him. He can’t hear much of it, but the bits of his laughter that break over the bar’s chaotic din make Dean giddy. “Thank you,” he nods at his tequila, “for the drink.”
Dean’s innocent play refreshes Castiel’s spirit, haven’t seen anyone act so free like this since he was a babe. So much changes when a merperson grows older, the weight of responsibility weighing heavily on the soul like a hard shell. Unable to wriggle free and enjoy life, be present in the moment. Even in a different body, Dean carries that human independence fiercely within him; makes Castiel yearn for some of it himself… among other things. His eyes trace Dean’s form, tongue peeking out from behind his lips.
After the fourth movie, Jack hears a low groan eek its way closer to him. Shutting his laptop, Jack looks at where Sam shuffles in. He rubs at his mussed hair, wincing with each step.
Dean yawns, dragging Cas’s eyes off the road and onto him. The other man looked cozy in the passenger seat; knee pulled up so he can rest his chin on it. Arms wrapped around the leg while one hand fidgets with his toes. “How much longer ‘til we get there?”
different from the guy on tv. Almost didn’t recognize him, at first, actually. But then he looked my way and I just… I knew it was him.” Dean sighs, “Then, when I
Case in point, he finds their lovely host for the evening. In a dark, smoky room, Cas finds him perched on a wide, four-poster bed. Draped fabric torn at places, stained elsewhere. Two gorgeous women flanked him, a brunette holding a joint by his lips while a blonde plays with a very
“It’s a Mr. Will Bexler, ma’am,” the guard says into the phone once more. He nods, Cas’s script sinking into his throat. A few more pleasantries were exchanged before he drops the phone onto its hook and sends Cas along. “You’ll have to make a left the first chance you see, and then hang a right at Mr. DeVenti’s – it’ll be the house with the windmill on its lawn. Roman’s house is the last one there you can’t miss it.”
Castiel stares after where the amulet falls, watching it become smaller and smaller. A deep-sea vent burns in his chest, muscles seizing at the tremors within. “No…”
Cas uses all his strength and keeps Dean in line, throwing Benny off Dean’s shoulder. “Too far for us,” he says, “let’s go.”
Cas abandons his car, walking across the lawn and towards a creaky, front porch. Each step whines under his weight, settling only when he reaches the top. A few more steps past a dusty porch swing, and Cas leans
Dean carries on, unaware of Cas’s struggles; ensnared in his own. “I woke up and he wasn’t there… Figured, maybe he passed out at a bar or… got locked in a drunk tank. Pretty regular habit for him, 'specially near the end. But as the day went on, he didn’t show. Didn’t get any phone calls, either. When I checked the bar, he wasn’t there… the police hadn’t seen him. I went back to the motel and, like with Sammy… the duffel –“ Sniffling, Dean’s hand slips off of his. “Didn’t know what I should do with myself, then. Time all… blurred together. Stopped goin’ to work… eating… nothing seemed worth doing. There were stretches of days where I could barely get off the bed.” Darkness edges around Dean’s gaze, scaring Cas. They simmer threateningly. “All of that made the motel manager angry, though. Ran out of money for the room and practically forced me from his property. While I was gathering my things – he… he threw them every which way, I came across this picture of us. Probably the last picture we took when we… when we were a
Dean leans into his car, grip on the roof strong enough Cas fears the metal will bend. “You might consider yourself high and mighty, above the law,” he whispers, twang thick with contempt and urgency, “but there’s a reason we traffic in the big leagues, and
“Whenever you’re ready…” Cas bounces on the balls of his feet, waiting. Watching Dean for what he’ll do. With a scowl and set jaw, he looks ready for a test instead of dancing. But soon he shakes his hips, and his fingers wiggle somewhat. One arm shot forward, dragged down as the other takes its turn. “Oh wow,” he says, chest swelling in wonder, “I… I am very glad we did this.”
“But you can be doing more,” Cas shoves him, “you know better, yet you allow others to control how you act?”
’.” Cas eases the shirt off Dean’s shoulders, kissing the exposed skin right above his t-shirt. “For the record,” Cas adds, whispering into his collarbone, “I expected it. It was one of the reasons why I couldn’t wait any longer.”
Still, Cas plays the game. He relaxes, parting the clouds on his face and flashing a sun-like grin. “Good afternoon. Are you Eve Roman?”
“Oh, is that so?” He stretched his legs out from beneath the table, knocking into Sam’s. “That what you’re learning in college? I thought you wanted to be a lawyer. Or were you a bit
. Dean takes his free hand, the one not latched onto Castiel, and mirrors an earlier action he saw. Combs his fingers through Castiel’s dark brown locks. He amends and adds to it, too.
He sees the folding wall moved. If it were anywhere else, Cas might believe the other man fled before he could stop him. Running out like a one-night stand. The thought does pop up. Cas whacks it down, taking into account where his divider now rests.
“So we’re getting dinner now, too?” Cas asked, smiling too much for there to be any skepticism left, “You think Sam won’t be curious why we’re gone for so long?”
Chuckling, Dean scratches at his head. “You won’t feel the same after getting a look inside,” he tells him, “So long since I’ve been here… food probably spoiled.”
Dean glowed with a youthful energy too that, even before Michael, didn't present itself. He glimpsed some of it in Tombstone, but the hunt there snuffed it out before Jack could fully understand this part in him. Now Dean fully embraced his newfound sense of wonder, going for long drives and cooking large meals for everyone. He dragged his records out and played them in the main room, dancing hilariously as they watched. A few times he managed to tease Castiel enough to join him. The two swaying around each other, easily drifting closer.
Cas hunkered in an outside café, listening while two men carried on with an underhanded deal that would break the newly sworn in Environmental Protection Act. While he recorded their conversation with a smartly placed microphone, Cas also took his own notes of what he could hear. Which explained why he didn’t see her until Meg appeared in the chair across from him.
” The trident glows bright, Charles swinging it around with enough force to startle the troupe around him into scattering towards a safer distance. “Whatever childish quest you have in mind ends
men. Dad never danced, not even at his wedding. Even though mom begged, dad would tell them that he remained firm in his decision. “Never trust a man who dances,” he advised, Sam asleep feet from where they sat, beers in their hands. Dean was fourteen. “No man
Cas smiles, muscles taut from how broadly his face stretches. “Oh, he’s harmless,” he says loudly, drawing Dean’s attention, “aren’t you…
Dean… day by day.” Cas kneels, pressing a thumb against his chin. “You’re right, I can’t be certain about the future. None of us can, not anymore. But, before Chuck, all I saw was bleakness. Now that he’s gone… after every hardship we’ve been through, the clouds have parted. It finally looks bright. And we could have a thousand more days or one more day, but in this moment Dean I want to experience
Dean nods, snaking his hands across Lucifer’s wrists. “Means we don’t have long,” he barks, squeezing tight. “I have to set it right, right now.”
A bored attendant waits past said curtain, stationed behind a podium. Kitted with a velour vest and hair so slicked back a few strands were plastered against her forehead, she stares at Cas. “No dancer, no room.”
Sam sighed. “Everyone we lost knew what this was about,” he told Dean, “knew how it might end. They were ready to risk their lives for this.”
“I just don’t get it,” Dean said, ignoring Jack’s question, “why would something that sounds boring like multi-level marketing even
“Sorry,” Dean rolls his eyes, “I didn’t realize getting high went from being a hobby to a personality trait…”
It’s been too long since he and Cas touched like that. Circling, never committing. Losing before the game starts.
Steve chuckled, shoulders barely shaking from the act. His honeyed eyes were earnest and gooey in the filtered sunlight, distracting Dean more than saddles ever did. “I can show you,” he said, “it ain’t too hard.” He proved that by using their lunch break to teach Dean how to mount a horse. He demonstrated it, legs wrapping around its thick flanks, showboating and urging the steed forward by tapping his heels while Dean laughed, head dizzy from spinning, following Steve and the horse, as well as other things. “Think you can try it?” Dean didn’t. He shook his head, lip trapped between his teeth. Speaking felt blasphemous in that moment. “What if I helped?” Steve offered a hand, easily hefting Dean up atop the horse. They shared the saddle, Dean bracketed by Steve’s sturdy arms and supported by his firm chest. Dean felt every tug of the reigns as Steve guided the horse around the stable, and every whispered breath along his neck. Steve dismounted first, holding Dean’s hips and helping him down later. “Now imagine how nice that’d be, out on the plains, with nothing but the moon watching us?” He painted a pretty picture, even if Dean’s copied brushstrokes were shaky and inelegant. They made plans the following Friday.
Andy giggles, scratching his neck. “Noticed he was having trouble walking on the sand so I told him he should take his shoes off… at some point my arms fly and smack into him. He almost hits the surf, but I swoop in last minute, big hero shit. He’s safe but his shoes started new lives with the fishes.” More laughter, “Did you mean what you said? Think either of them have a chance at dropping out?”
“Because if there is something you wish to say, to someone,” Mia says, “I do have methods and exercises you can try that will help you work through these feelings” –
“Probably smudges from your dirty hands,” Jimmy says, snatching the picture from Cas. He sets it back on the table, glaring at him and then to the side. Where Dean hovers by the still open door, looking small. “I thought I told you to stop bringing
So this has been sitting in my files for well over a month lol... but I sure am glad to have it done! Case fics are HARD to write.
Dean studies his angel, raising the glass jar to almost eye-level. If he imagines hard enough, Dean can discern features from the cinders and clumps. He tries picturing Cas in his glory, in the moments between battles, in times where Dean’s heart skipped. Visions of the other man, his eyes aglow and jaw unhinged by agony, are what appears. Their freshness overpowers his better memories.
,” Meg rakes her gaze across his overly covered body. “You working a case?” He nods. “Figures… although I have to say, this is a cute cover. What was the story? Hired accountant that was sent by the IRS? Radio ad salesman with a great pitch for a new station? Flasher that didn’t get the memo?”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel waves his fins above the water at Dean. He chuckles when he notices the color drain from Dean’s face, the marking much more obvious now then they were before. “All my life,” Castiel says, “Because I’m a merman, like you are.”
“No, you’re not, Clarence.” Meg hums over the line, slipping into a softer tone. “You want something else, something I
“I…” Chuck’s eyes glow, his throat seizing as this greater being chokes him. Cas fights past it, coughing. “It’s…
“Peace and love, brother.” Andy flips them off, sliding into the driver’s seat. Cas, waiting in the passenger’s side with disgruntlement heavying his pockets. Starting the engine, Andy looks over and notices the lines on Cas’s face. “What?”
“Are you actually a therapist?” Dean asked, an incredulous lilt to his tone. He jerked his thumb at the wall of degrees Sam noticed before. “Or did you shift into this poor doctor’s life after you killed her.”
“I love you, too.” Castiel’s hands slide up to grip Dean’s hips, tugging him closer and pressing Dean against him. “I can’t believe we’ve never… we should have been doing this ages ago…”
“Very well, then,” Castiel says, “We should carry on.” He nearly leaves until he sees Dean remains frozen where he is. “Dean?”
. More profound, as he himself once said. He loves Dean, and he has for a long time. Cas knows angels weren’t supposed to develop any feelings at all, most importantly not
to make sure Dean feels comfortable around him. Especially in a situation like this, Cas thinks to himself as he pats the bed absentmindedly.
“So, Sammy messaged me about the case this morning. Apparently there’s been another murder, just a few minutes away from us actually. Looks like it might be a vampire, but we’re not too sure, so I thought we’d take a look for ourselves today as FBI agents. Sound good?”
Cas’ chuckles, “We wasted so much time. But it led us to this moment. So we didn’t waste anything, really, because now we get to figure out this crazy thing together.” Dean laughs a little. Cas was always the optimist in the friendship, even after death it seems.
Cas says nothing but a grunt of approval, and Dean raises his eyebrow. “What’s up with you today, Cas? What’s got your panties in a twist?”
“I hope I don’t regret that tomorrow.” Dean chuckles as he pulls away, his vision a little blurry - from the alcohol or quit tears, he’s not sure. Cas is smiling contently when he pulls back, resting a hand on Dean’s shoulder and rubbing slightly.
Cas smiles gently when Dean meets his eyes. He think he looks beautiful, as always. His eyelashes are stuck together and his cheeks are flushed and he’s still sniffling quietly. Cas moves his hand from Dean’s hair to the side of his neck, his thumb resting in front of Dean’s ear, rubbing his cheek comfortingly.
“Yes, girl, yes!” Jonathan cheers. “Okay then, let’s go check out your new bathroom and get you all ready for the ball, Cinderella!”
, these fleeting moments together are what they’ve deserved all along. Castiel gives pause to mourn the time they lost but shakes it off quickly, reminded of his promise to Dean to live for them
All the coffee cups are abandoned on the table and Cas and Charlie wait by the front door. Cas has a beanie over his head and a thick knit blue scarf around his neck. It makes his eyes glow. He holds a matching black scarf out to Dean and Dean ducks under it, smiling when Cas wraps the scarf around his neck.
That gets him to break and roll his eyes, only to find Ellen grinning wide at him. Pride in himself swells where it never used to be before, the very real love on Ellen's face filling some part of him that's been missing since he lost his mom.
Disbelief takes over both their faces. Cas is the only person Dean ever let read the letter and it's obvious to both of them that this isn't a coincidence and that maybe they’ve got an angel watching over them tonight.
“Is it ready, mom?” Dean bounded into the kitchen, skidding to a halt in front of the kitchen table.
Practice eventually ends for everyone except Dean, John planning to have him throw for another hour, and it’s obvious Cas is expecting Dean to follow the team into the locker rooms and Dean’s almost sorry he can’t because he wants to get this straightened out probably as bad as Cas does. Instead, he gets put through it for another two hours and all Dean wants is a shower and to sleep forever by the time his dad cuts him loose.
Swallowing thickly, he gives Cas a quick shake of his head, to let him know it’s fine and that he’ll be right back. He makes his way out of the booth to follow Bobby to the office Ellen keeps back in the depths of the kitchen. It’s a small room, nothing fancy, just big enough for a desk, a few chairs, and a couch against the wall which is where Ellen directs him to sit with an encouraging nod as he enters. When Bobby mentioned business to discuss earlier, Dean assumed it had to have something to do with his dad and he's been getting nervous about it all day.
Instead of daisies, Dean’s holding out a single, bright yellow daffodil with a pink satin ribbon tied around its stem.
Her words are jarring and the sound of the party around them comes rushing back, the world loud and obtrusive and it turns out, not revolving around the two of them alone like it felt a moment ago, when all of Dean’s attention was focused on him.
Dean looks back at the drawing, now sitting on the coffee table in front of him. He grins and picks his phone back up to call Charlie.
Sipping his beer, Dean starts a lap around the gym, nodding hello to people whose names he can’t remember, the same people Dean used to greet the same way in the halls. He never stuck to one group but got along with everyone, not getting close to anyone… until the Novak Family moved to town his Junior year.
Dean checks his watch and it’s only ten, so he decides not to bother Jack and break him out of his groove. The kid thrives on his routines and organization, which is why Dean knew this project would be perfect for him. He goes back to the kitchen to scoop out some of their guacamole onto a plate with some chips, leaving it with a glass of seltzer for Jack, just inside the door to the garage.
He knows now that even brotherly bonds aren’t impenetrable. They need to be nurtured, just as much as any other. It’s his hope that Jimmy might be just as interested in making up for lost time.
“As for last night, we just hung out, didn’t we dude? We took a quick walk to the deli for a sandwich and so Pug could do his business and after dinner, we had a dance party and after that, Pug fell asleep.”
Moving back, Castiel sighs in relief when Dean’s merman form returns to him. He gasps for breath, hands running up and down his chest. Castiel engulfs him in a tight hug, murmuring into his hair. “I’m so glad you’re safe… Sorry, so sorry he did that, I swear…”
Before long, he’s getting a text from Dean to meet him at the local police station, where the latest murder victims’ body is ready to be viewed. Cas pats his pockets, making sure he has is FBI identification, and blinks himself into Baby, in the parking lot of Regional Springs Police Station.
They don’t speak for the next few minutes as they look at eachother. They’ve never really spent this much time just existing with one another before. Dean wants to feel embarrassed or weirded out, but he just doesn’t. He feels more vulnerable than he’s ever felt, but also safer than ever. Here, having plunged into the depths of Cas’ eyes, he just feels like he’s home.
When Dean comes out of the shower with just a towel on, Cas is still achingly hard. Cas buried his head in the pillow, trying to will his erection to reduce so he could get up and get ready for the day. Dean’s physique wasn’t helping; he’s all muscle, water droplets running over his nipples, an incredible v-line leading Cas’ eyes straight to-
Cas chokes on his breath as he hears his own name. Dean is thinking about him while he touches himself. Dean is thinking about Cas while he touches himself.
“Handsome, huh?” Cas smirks shyly. He’s reclined on the bed, one leg sticking out from under the sheets. He pushes himself up and rests his head in his hand, leaning on his elbow.
Dean knocks on the motel door timidly before twisting the handle and stepping in. The lights are all on, thankfully, as the sun is long gone. Cas is laying on the bed and the t.v. has some weird show about rhinoceroses playing. Cas sits up quickly as Dean steps in the door.
him. But he chokes down a sob everytime he thinks about it; how will he ever say it, or act on it? Cas deserves all the love in the word and more. He’s a fucking angel, after all. Surely he won’t settle for someone as perpetually fucked up as Dean, right?
“It sounds like that’s a good place to start then, man. You don’t have to start carrying around a gay flag wherever you go. Just let it happen, whatever it is.” He leans forward and puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “It’s pretty clear that you’ve got something serious going on for this guy. Don’t let your insecurities or worries get in the road. It’s not often that we feel that way about someone.”
Dean doesn’t respond; just smiles. This is everything he’s dreamt about and more. He’s gone through hell and back to get here, literally, and he wouldn’t want to be here with anyone else. Cas’ fingers rest gently in his hair, with the other hand cupping Dean’s cheek. It’s hard to tell how long they stay there like that, embracing eachother in the dim light of the bunker, love and lust glowing from each man. When you have forever on your hands, Dean supposes, there’s no rush to move.
Dean huffs and does as he’s told, moving to sit in a comfortable, old recliner chair. The leather is a worn brown, ripping and bits flaking off at the edges, but Dean lets his head rest backwards and his eyes drift shut. Cas smiles to himself and puts Dean’s stack of books next to his own.
“I never found an answer, because the one thing I want - ” Dean wants to reach for Cas, to hold him, to touch him in these last moments he might ever have with him. But he just blinks, a ravenous empty feeling taking shelter in his stomach.
“I’ve never let myself even think about it…” Dean trails off, but it’s clear that he has. He’s thought about it too much. He’s spent so many nights dreaming about what being with Cas would be like - just truly
Cas runs his hands through Dean’s hair in an attempt to comfort him, letting his fingertips dance in Dean’s spiky locks. Dean’s face is still pressed deep into Cas’ neck when he begins to talk, so deep that he can barely hear him.
He feels Dean’s entire body pressing against him: they’re chest to chest, arms scrambling, thigh to thigh, and, most importantly and certainly most excitingly, crotch to crotch. Cas can feel Dean’s cock, already half-hard, pressing against his own, and he moans loudly into the kiss.
way. His head falls into his hands and he exhales in shame. “How can I even be in the same room as him when I’m… like this? I can’t even look him in the eyes!”
“Of course not, Dean. I just saw you looking at the night sky and thought you were wondering the time. I know you better than you think, ‘buddy’.” Cas sends a sideways smirk at Dean, and Dean shrugs, turning into the parking of the motel. The neon sign above them glows green and blue in the dark night, and Dean looks over to Cas. He’s not looking at the sign, but at Dean, his features illuminated neon colours. His eyebrows are green, his cheeks are blue, and his lips - God, those lips…
If he was slowly and deliberate before, he’s a wild animal now. He’s grinding against Cas’ thigh, letting his own thigh slip between Cas’ legs. He wants to feel Cas on him. He’s dreamt of this moment for so long, but he’s drowning in it, and he can’t think of anything else except Cas’ lips on his.
“You’re tired, Dean. I don’t mind doing your share of reading, too. Go sit down and rest your eyes.”
Cas doesn’t really know how to describe his friendship with Dean. Are they even friends? Sure - but it’s different than how Sam and he are friends. He doesn’t know how else to say it; it’s
“- is something i know i can’t have.” Despite the weight of his words and the tears rolling down each cheek, Cas smiles. He knows that Dean knows what he means. Dean knows Cas knows that he knows. It’s been like this for years, but neither of them have ever had the balls to say it. Dean feels shaky and nauseous. He doesn’t ever want to think about a world without Cas. He’d spend a million years in Hell if he could spend one more day here with Cas, he thinks. The air is heavy with the tension of forbidden love; Cas can taste it on his tongue. Dean doesn’t say anything, but Cas never expected him to. Cas knows, deep down, that Dean loves him. He doesn’t need Dean to say it, but that doesn’t stop him from wanting to hear it. He wants to look away, to save Dean some heartache, to catch his own breath without Dean hearing him choke down his tears. He doesn’t.
Dean knew Cas would say it. He doesn’t think he can say it back; he can barely remind himself to keep breathing. It feels like his entire world is violently shaking and cracking and falling at incredible speeds down around him, leaving a heavy feeling on his heart that he knows is regret. How can he live without Cas? Why did he waste so much time hating himself? Laying in bed at night wishing he would just disappear, let everybody else live their lives without the disappointment he carries with him. Let everyone move on. He could’ve spent that time with Cas - truly with him.
“Of course you did. I already knew, of course. When I was an angel, I could smell it on you. I didn’t think they were about me, though.” Cas’ eyes flutter back up to meet Dean’s. “I hoped they were about me.”
Cas is moaning louder and louder with every bob of Dean’s head, his fingers still pulling at his hair. “Dean,”
They kiss messily, Cas still catching his breath, and Dean palming himself through his underwear. Watching Cas come almost put him over the edge, but not quite. He takes Cas’ hand and slips it in his underwear, and Cas is quick to begin jerking him off. Dean’s head falls to Cas’ shoulder as he starts seeing stars, trying to focus on the feeling of Cas’ hand on his cock rather than the immense love in his heart. Maybe he can focus on both.
Dean’s eyes flicker to Cas’ lips for a second, and he hopes Cas doesn’t see the blush that makes it’s way onto his cheeks. Dean furrows his eyebrows in a questioning gaze, waiting for Cas to properly answer his question. Cas sighs, his hands fisting the sheets gently as he answers tiredly.
Dean has this feeling inside of him that he’s never felt before. He’s frantic to feel Cas, all over, to touch everything he never got to touch on Earth and to experience everything he never let himself experience. He’s so frantic, but he can’t move. He feels trapped in Cas’ gaze, the relaxing blue keeping him upright. He’s sure he looks crazy right now, he’s leaning so hard Cas is having to push against his cheek. He’s still crying, huffing and puffing and choking on his own breath. His chest is rising and falling so fast it looks like he’s just run a marathon. And then, in less than a second, Dean rushes forward, still crying, pressing his lips against Cas’ with such force Cas staggers backwards. It’s a timid kiss; closed-mouth, stagnant. Cas draws his hands up to Dean’s face, feeling Dean wrap his own hands around Cas’ waist. His eyes flutter open as he feels Dean’s lips begin to fall off his own, sliding down his chin. Dean’s eyes are still closed, his eyebrows knitted together and his face holding inordinate amounts of tension. Cas feels Dean go almost limp in his arms, moving one arm around his waist to hold him up. Cas’ body is still electric from the kiss as feels Dean’s wet cheeks press into his neck, just moments before another sob wracks Dean’s body.
He kneels down slowly, maintaining eye contact with Cas as he reaches forward and undoes Cas’ belt. He does it slow, brushing his hand against Cas’ cock through his jeans, wanting Cas to beg for it. After about 30 seconds, Cas is whining and grinding forward slightly. He grumbles a little and then sighs, “Please, Dean.”
This is enough for Dean to feel the blood rush to his crotch. Dean is turned on, he’s not going to lie, and he thinks Cas is too. His cheeks are dry and he’s absolutely beaming with happiness, and he can’t help but lean in and press his lips to Cas’ again.
“So? Ive shared a bed with a few of my mates, you just stay on your side and it should be fine. Unless he sleeps naked, because you don’t want to deal with the whole morning wood scenario.” The bartender chuckles to himself, like sharing a bed with your friend is the most normal thing in the world, like talking about morning wood with a stranger is the most normal thing in the world.
Cas’ face looks like a deer in headlights, but with a little more remorse. “Dean! I’m so sorry, these cups all just fell out, I didn’t mean to wake you, oh gosh!”
When Dean comes, white drops of his release land on Cas’ chest and hips. Dean is a little embarrassed, he’s shaking and relying completely on Cas to hold him upright, and he sees Cas reach a single finger to his chest, dragging slowly. Cas is staring at him longingly when Dean meets his eyes, lifting his finger to his mouth and tasting Dean.
Cas’ dick is rock hard and springs up when released from his underwear. He has precome nestled at his slit, dripping slowly down his shaft. Dean almost drools at the slight, thinking about how he made Cas like this. The air feels hot around him, and he wonders if the bunker’s walls are responsible or if it’s Cas’ undoubtedly aroused body in front of him.
A little weight lifts off his shoulders because deep down, even if he confessed and Cas didn’t accept who he was or didn’t reciprocate the feelings, Cas wasn’t the type of person to just leave Dean like that. They’d still remain hunting partners, at least. Dean’s chest stung a little at the thought of losing what he had with Cas, after everything they’ve been through together, losing eachother time and time again. It only makes him more certain that this moment of courage is the right thing to do.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Dean shrugs, trying to play it cool. His insides burn from the alcohol and, if he’s being real with himself, from the feelings he’s repressing. The bartender sees him swallow down this burn and raises an eyebrow. “Fine. My partner… friend, whatever, we work together - we’re here for four nights and the motel only has one room available. So we’re sharing the bed.”
Cas is only a few inches away when he stops. His eyes meet Dean’s, which are filled with tears, and he wonders if Dean can even see through them. They stay there for what feels like hours, feeding off of each others aura’s, bathing in the feeling of being close again. Dean is the one who speaks first.
“I wondered what it could be, what my true happiness could even look like,” Dean is barely keeping the tears at bay when Cas says this. Dean knows that Cas, more than anyone else on this Earth, deserves happiness, and to think that he hasn’t ever found it, especially not in their decade of companionship, tears at Dean’s heart like wheels of a car ripping on bitumen. He blinks at Cas. Dean, with all of his snarky comebacks and relentless teasing, has nothing he could say to Cas in this moment that would fix this whole situation. Nothing that would shake the feeling of a forever goodbye poking it’s head around the corner. With each tear that rolls down Cas’ face, Dean sends a prayer to whoever is listening to please not let Cas leave him right now. To not let Cas leave him ever.
. Dean’s cheeks are blushed pink and he’s still panting when Cas kisses him again. It’s a quiet moment of sticky chests and fingers laced together, shallow breaths and smiles. Cas sighs contently, “I don’t know what to say.”
Dean has a fire in his chest and Cas feels it burning, drinking it up through Dean’s lips. When Dean grabs his ass, Cas almost growls approvingly into the kiss, but manages the last sliver of self control.
It’s silent for a few minutes, but the air is calm. The walls of the bunker are strong around the two men, holding their little bubble of happiness tight.
Dean smiles at the fact that Cas knows he has to have his morning coffee first thing after waking up. He smiles wider at the thought that Cas might’ve been making him a hangover cure, sans the pills, because he would just heal him. God, Dean loves it when Cas heals him. He can feel Cas’ grace filter through his entire body, molecule by molecule and cell by cell. It really
“I wasted so much time trying to deny how I felt about you. God, I wasted so much time.” He laughs, the weight on his chest releasing.
“I’m nervous.” Dean admits in an exhausted half-laugh, playing with the hair on the back of Cas’ neck. Cas grins. His heart is so full with the possibility of feeling Dean love him back that he forgets to reply. Dean breathes in, and Cas does too. He knows what Dean is about to say, but the tension in the air is so strong that he feels like he needs to hold his breath.
Dean’s hand moves faster and faster against his shaft, his other hand pressing firmly against the shower wall. He’s thrusting forwards, his hips betraying him as his hand slaps against the skin on his pelvis.
So it’s only natural that Cas is hard, now. He can feel the tip of his length jutting into the cheap mattress, sending shivers down his spine everytime he moves an inch. He wants to come listening to Dean moan, but he doesn’t dare touch himself.
Dean looks up at the bartender. He’s handsome in a dark, mysterious and broody way, but he has a kind close-lipped smile on face. He’s dressed in black jeans and a grey t-shirt, which Dean is assuming is the uniform for this bar. A kitchen towel drapes over his muscular shoulder.
When Cas looks at him, his eyes hold so much lust, love, and also general horniness that Dean almost combusts. He’d definitely describe them as fuck me eyes.
Cas’ chest is rising and falling hard. He thinks that’s the best orgasm he’s ever had, even though it was sloppy and wet and rushed. He looks down at Dean, his softening dick still in his mouth, and the sight alone almost makes him want to go for round two. Instead, he grips Dean’s cheeks and brings him up to stand, and tastes himself in Dean’s mouth. It’s salty and he doesn’t think it takes great, but it’s a raw kind of taste that makes him want to lick deep in Dean’s mouth to clean him of his own release.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says as he takes his boots off. He stumbles a bit as a result of his alcohol intake - was it five or six beers? Could also be four, or even seven. Who knows. Cas replies just as Dean continues. “Dean-“
He mumbles his way through their conversation, and as soon as Dean’s gone, he jumps out of bed and into the shower, praying the warm water will calm him down. It does, but he can’t help but think about what just occurred and what it actually means for the two of them. Sure, they’ve always had a bit of a different relationship than other friendships, but Cas had never even though about what that truly means.
Cas sends Dean a small smile, and Dean returns a much larger, toothy grin. It must feel so nice to get this off his chest, Cas thinks. Then Dean launches forward are wraps his arms around Cas, enveloping him in a warm, tight embrace. Dean buries his head in Cas’ neck as he feels Cas reciprocate the hug. Their chests are pressed together, but their long legs separate them, knees knocking from where they sit on the mattress. Dean thinks he can feel Cas rubbing his back slightly; comfortingly. Dean inhales. He didn’t think he’d ever be brave enough to confess this to Cas, but then again, he was drunk.
He’s half hard now, and he feels guilty for listening in on Dean’s private time. That is up until he hears Dean’s moan echo through the shower and into the cramped motel room.
Dean is groggy and already has a bit of a headache from the drinks, but he laughs quietly. “Don’t be silly, Cas. Get your fucking cup and come to bed.”
Dean really doesn’t even think about what he’s said until they’re both inside. Cas doesn’t mention it, just blushing and heading straight inside, with Dean following close behind. It’s only when they’re both in bed - Dean in boxer briefs and a white t-shirt and Cas in his button-down and slacks, sans tie and jacket - that someone breaks the silence.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas plummets his head back into the pillow before Dean can see his blushing cheeks, and Dean shrugs it off as just another weird Cas thing.
But with Cas, Dean wanted nothing more than to curl into his side and breathe him in deeply, to treasure him. To truly appreciate him in a way that he knows Cas deserves, but that Dean has been to closeted and too scared to do.
“I’m heading out.” Dean shouts as he walks back towards the Impala. Cas barely has time to comprehend what he’s said before the front door slams behind him. Sheesh, Cas thinks. Someone did not regain consciousness on the correct side of the bed, and consequently is experiencing an onset of negative emotions. Or, as the humans say, woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean exhales as white streams of cum hit the shower wall, and he’s panting and his eyes are held tightly shut, and he’s groaning in a low and quiet voice as he feels his cock start to soften in his hands.
“What? Oh, yeah. Yeah, let’s go.” Dean fumbles with the door handle and makes his way to the front door. He flips through his many keys to find the right one, slipping it in the lock. As he opens the door, he steps back. Cas lifts an eyebrow. “After you, handsome.”
“It’s 8:56pm. The library shut at 6, but I gave the person behind the desk some money for their troubles and they allowed us to stay for a few extra hours. According to them, they had to leave by 9 to watch their favourite reality television show, Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.”
When Dean begins grinding on Cas, and he feels Dean’s thigh against his dick, he can’t help but tilt his head back and moan. Dean moves quickly to suck and nibble on Cas’ neck, causing shivers to run down Cas’ back and arms. He’s fully hard now, and he knows Dean feels it. He looks into Dean’s eyes as he releases Cas’ neck, and he tries to tell Dean touch me but it doesn’t come out.
