Rosamund Kelleher
"How did you know that?" Mr. Walker blustered, leaning back slightly.
Sherlock sighed in irritation and changed course to his bedroom. He did have his own laptop, using other peoples was just easier. Sherlock scooped said laptop and charger up from the flotsam and jetsam on his bedroom floor and headed to the kitchen; it had the best lighting.
Without warning, Sherlock violently struck one of the orderlies over the head and used the momentum to ram the orderly into the closest wall. The man slumped with a small moan, not exactly unconscious, but thoroughly dazed. Broad fingers clasped Sherlock's arm for a moment before being forcefully pulled back.
"Defend, but if there's no threat-"
John rolled his eyes and bent to scoop the paper off the floor. If he didn't at least try to stay on top of Sherlock's mess it would engulf the building. "What or who, specifically, is wrong this time?" he asked, setting the paper down on the low table by the sofa, along with Sherlock's tea, and taking a drink from his own mug of tea. This felt like the beginnings of a case, and he'd better get some fluids inside him while he had the chance.
Mary slowly withdrew her hand as the waiter approached to deliver their wine and take their orders. John hadn't intended to speak, but when they were alone again the words were out of his mouth before he could think better of them.
John caught sight of Sherlock's lanky frame bending into a cab, and rushed forward to catch him. "New Scotland Yard," they said together, once they were seated. Only John thought to add, "please." Lestrade could bring the final justice to this case, with the proof they had to offer him.
"Afghanistan...or Iraq," John replied evenly.
"I want him back by evening," Lauren insisted, her gaze narrowing even further. "If not, I will report him stolen."
Right, one thing at a time. John crossed again to Sherlock's side. "You're going to have to come out of that blanket," he said softly. Sherlock grunted softly and did not move. "Can you swallow anything?"
Sherlock had thought for a few moments then shook his head. "
types of tobacco ash."
John reached forward and grasped her chin firmly between his thumb and forefinger, forcing her to meet his penetrating gaze. "Yes you do, Harry. The mistakes you've made can't erase the person that you are. You are an amazing, caring, talented woman, who happens to be sick. Sick is
It was everything John could do to keep himself from running as he walked up the front steps of the Edelweiss Recovery Center. It was larger than he'd thought, much larger, but the layout still made things feel homey and secure. For the most part, the beauty of the place was lost on him, and that was probably a good thing. He'd spied the edge of the rose gardens in the cab and his stomach had lurched sickeningly. It was those very roses which had brought Harry here...
"Nope," John ordered, holding out a hand to stop Sherlock's forward momentum. John almost flinched when Sherlock's torso collided with his hand, before hurriedly pulling back again. "You are going to sit down on the sofa, and wait."
Bryan's face flushed anew, and a twitch had developed by his right eye. His silence lasted just a moment too long. "My father's business dealings are
The piercing gaze of the world's only consulting detective narrowed and his voice became ominously quiet. "Pardon?"
," John's pitch was a high, warning tone. He didn't have time to waste on cryptic answers.
John expected Sherlock to let him go once they reached 221B Baker Street. He didn't. Sherlock may have paid the cabbie before dragging John inside, but John was having some trouble focusing. Things had gone all swimmy.
"Was that
"By your head. Kissing you... perhaps finding other uses for your oral fixation."
change the past and would detract from any current or potential cases.
Mary's expression shifted and John caught the barest hint of a blush. "Sorry, it's a bad habit."
John's hands shook a bit as he read the letter. He was trying not to see Sherlock, and he found Sherlock laid out in front of him. He shouldn't be surprised, Mycroft was always trying to get Sherlock to work for him, it makes sense that he would already employ someone similar to the great detective. John took a steadying breath and scanned the letter. There wasn't much more; John forced himself to press on.
Mary searched John's face, pinning him with her gaze and seeming to look through all the layers that weighed him down. "I know that you loved him the first time I met you." She smiled slightly and shook her head. "You should've seen the look on your face when you said his name."
It had been two and a half years now...maybe it was time. Folding his hands over his half written letter, John closed his eyes and thought about it...What if he had been deceived all this time, and Sherlock came back? What would that be like?
"Yes!" Harry wailed, reaching for more tissues. "I don't want to be, but that's who I fucking am. I'm a drunk."
Sherlock brought his hands together in a prayer like position, his fingertips just brushing his lips, and scanned the room. Then he brought his joined hands away from his mouth and gestured at Ilia as if he were pointing. "Was it you who shot him, or was it
James reached forward and gave John's forearm a squeeze. "If you need a night off, my couch is always available."
"Laurali, I know you know about back labor," John muttered in exasperation. "
"Yes, Sherlock, a
John's smirk blossomed into a warm ,welcoming smile and his hands slid down to settle on Sherlock's hips. "Ride me," he urged, tugging Sherlock upwards with his hands.
had put that particular hurt there in the first place. He had to stay focused on the case, that was the one and
This was madness. He never should have come here. He was wasting time. His time. Molly's time. Even Mary's time. He should not have given in to his suspicions. He could lose his job over this if anyone ever found out, and where would he be then? He needed
John frowned for a moment, then smiled a bit when he realized James was referencing, and possibly making a joke about his own more than friendly feelings for the ex-army doctor. They'd not really talked about their
the methods sometimes, but John would be damned if he let it cost someone the love of their life. The irony of his situation, and Sherlock's sudden smug satisfaction, was not lost on him, however.
heartbroken, but he couldn't equate it with her loss. Sherlock was alive and he hadn't lost a lover, just a friend. Ultimately, as much as John may have wished, Sherlock and he had never built anything lasting...
I'll be able to watch you come around to the ugly truth right in front of me."
Sean Kelleher
Greg finally looked away and sank down into his chair. "Fine. I'll put in a good word for you, and see if they'll let you examine the body." Sherlock whooped and charged out of the Detective Inspector's office before he was even properly done speaking. "I make
This is the last chapter with a case based on the cannon works, feel free to guess which one!  ^_^
"So, is he always this bad without a case or experiment, or is this time something special?" James asked, leaning his chin on his palm.
"How are they doing?" John asked, grateful for the change in topic. Mary likely would have told him about this over dinner, but, working in the same field, she knew the importance of taking a break and distracting yourself after tough calls.
"You don't put much stock in happiness, do you?" He declined to dignify her question with an answer. Unfortunately, she did not seem in the least bit put off. "What a great misfortune it would be to you, Mr. Holmes, if you found yourself in dire need of the very emotional attachments you so abhor."
: Lonely Hearts
"The premier of the next show we've been working on is next week," Nikki continued. "I'm sad that I won't be able to play, but my substitute is working very hard. They've insisted I still come to rehearsals so I'll be up to date with everything that's happening, even if I can't play. I'm not sure Mr. Walker would have let me come if they hadn't been so adamant."
John 'hmmed' thoughtfully, and set his menu aside. "Anything interesting you'd care to share? I have time to add a few more blog entries before I move." It felt so strange and unnatural to think about moving. Six months ago John never would have believed he could have felt so…comfortable with Sherlock.
, he still loved her so much. Love wasn't something one just walked away from…
John stood to clear away his tea. That was one thing you could say about 221B since John had become its sole occupant. It wasn't as messy. On impulse he snatched a fresh, sealed teabag from the box of Earl Grey and strode back into the sitting room. Fetching an envelope he scrawled Alexander's name across the front and dropped the teabag inside. Before folding his letter and adding it he wrote:
John's phone trilled and he glanced down at it, frowning when he saw the name of his supervisor, Eric Brown, flash across the screen. "I'm sorry, this is work," he muttered to Greg as he picked up the phone.
It had taken every shred of John's self-control not to hover over her shoulder when she'd lazily booted up his laptop that morning. Instead, he'd practiced his breathing, and watched her surreptitiously over the edge of his morning paper. He'd tried to read the articles, he really had, but he was more focused on trying to read his sister in the same way that arse had read him the other day.
"I wouldn't stand up just now. No, don't look at the wound either, not unless you have a strong stomach for blood," Sherlock instructed, keeping one arm firmly around the woman while his free hand retrieved his phone and dialed 999. Sherlock reported the accident, ordered two ambulances and reported their current address. Once he was sure the dispatcher had the correct information he hung up and returned his attention to the woman in his arms.
John nodded. "Mary, he was worse than a whole room full of hecklers. It was an endless diatribe against the script, the acting, the premise, the set, everything."
There was a dutiful chorus of, "Yes Uncle Gregory."
Sherlock opened his mouth, but before he spit out whatever vicious comment he'd concocted, John stepped forward and spoke again, his face serious. "What I did for my sister is love, Sherlock. My
John could feel Marcus smile against his neck and lean up to press a kiss to John's temple. John spread more lube on his fingers, and pressed them against Marcus's entrance. Marcus sighed and leaned back, arching his back as he felt John's fingers inside him. John thrust the last inch inside roughly, pulling a moan from Marcus's lips.
Sherlock sat up and tilted his head to one side, still observing John. "You really believe all this nonsense about second chances, and being nice to your fellow man, don't you?"
Wiggins sucked in a breath, then sighed. Something was bothering him. "What made you want to cook this spider, anyway?" Sherlock shot him a sharp, sidelong glance, and he rushed to continue, "I just mean that a pressure cooker can be dangerous. Too much pressure an' the thing'll explode."
There was a small pause before the clear voice replied, "Hold please."
enjoying myself, John." His breath ghosted over the hard member at his lips, making it twitch in response.
"Tell me about them," John urged, pulling the blanket high over his shoulders as his t-shirt and pajama pants did little to keep out the morning chill.
John carefully set his tea down on his desk. "What did you want to talk about, then?"
There was a brief pause before John pressed his stethoscope into his patient's chest, listening for a pulse... It was there, but it was weak and irregular. There didn't seem to be any breath sounds either. John reach forward and lifted his patient's eyelids one by one with his thumb, and shined a light into them. "Pupils
The nobleman sat silently for a moment, perhaps locked in a test of wills with Sherlock, or a struggle with his own conscience; maybe both. At last, his need seemed to win out, and he began his story. "You see, when I was very young I was reckless in my own affairs. This recklessness cost me dearly in both money and in reputation. It very nearly cost me my marriage."
~*~*~*~
for so many years…
By the time John joined Sherlock on the stoop, the world's only consulting detective had just managed to pick the lock. Sherlock pocketed the pins he'd used with a smug smile and slipped inside. John smiled despite himself, and shook his head as he followed. "You made that look just like you were turning a key," he commented as they slipped down a narrow hallway.
John Watson had fallen in
"I'm sorry, John," she said in a sigh, her words breathy. "How did the family take it?"
you, Sherlock," John repeated. "I'll be happier with you than I'll ever be without you. I knew that the moment I came back to 221 B."
Mary sipped her water and stared at John over the rim. Her gaze was penetrating. John saw the muscles of her throat work as she swallowed, then she spoke. "But?"
He twined his fingers through hers and watched the last lights of London disappear outside the plane window. For now, he had to leave the country. For the moment they were exiled, but that would change. He would make it change if it was the last thing he ever did. They would return one day and, in the mean time, he would try to make things right, not because he felt entitled to the money, but because he hadn't given up on his father. Traditions existed for a reason, but sometimes it was better to break them, than keep them.
someone, probably Sherlock, and Susan was on the verge of tears.
John perked up a bit. "Really?"
Sherlock let out an exasperated sigh, his fingers never stilling. "Mr. Murphy I was in before I'd properly sat down. You can leave now." Sherlock waved his hand in a shooing gesture.
Sherlock's attention now, but Sherlock still refused to acknowledge it.
Greetings!  We've made it to the end of the story!  I know my thanks at the beginning of every chapter can be redundant, but it is really important to me because your support and encouragement keep me writing.  I love knowing that I have an audience out there, and what they think of my work.  So, once again, thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story!  I sincerely hope you've enjoyed it, and will stick around to see more from me.
John nodded. "It felt like it. He looked like he'd lost
Sherlock fixed him with a pointed look. "It's a satire, John, a comedy. They don't even take themselves seriously." He watched his blogger chuckle softly, shake his head, then turn his attention back to the telly.
"I've been better," John admitted, "but I think I'll survive."
"It does," John countered quickly, thinking of his recently renewed friendship with Greg. They'd met twice over the past three weeks. At first John had worried the conversation would center entirely on Sherlock and John's separation from him, but Sherlock hadn't even been alluded to. Even so, John had seen the silent questions in Greg's eyes, and the careful way in which he seemed to choose his words. "I guess I'm just excited to experience something new," John ventured.
John's mouth fell open in disbelief. He needed no convincing that Sherlock was skilled at manipulation, but this was beyond the pale. "Just like that? She's just going to
Struck by sudden inspiration, John pierced the second half of the scallop he had cut with his fork and lifted it to the edge of Sherlock's cupids bow lips.
"I will need a laptop with access to the companies' electronic files and a secure room," Sherlock announced, springing to his feet. "I presume you can provide one?"
"And we are meeting at his town house because you suspect foul play," Sherlock surmised.
"Yes, but look at the rest of the receipt, John," Sherlock said, leaning forward and letting his finger drag across the screen. "This hospital primarily utilizes OdoBan. It's a highly effective cleaner that smells pleasantly of Eucalyptus, good customer satisfaction results there, and it markets itself on being able to kill MERSA. William submitted the order personally, trying to play the good doctor and leader." Sherlock reached forward and tapped the lines of the invoice that displayed the bleach and ammonia based cleaning products. "This deviation might be what we were looking for."
Even as John thought this Marcus reached out to the bedside table and removed a condom in a brightly colored wrapper. John recognized the label. These were flavored condoms specifically for oral sex. They were thinner than normal condoms, and not likely to stand up to intercourse. Their eyes met and John reached for the condom, but Marcus pulled his hand close to his chest with a shake of his head. "Me first?" He asked, a wicked and hopeful gleam in his eyes.
He wasn't angry, there was little point in that. Lately he found that studying the effects of the poison on his body helped him to think, in the lulls between cases, when he wasn't trying to make headway on his the case of the spider, that was. Well... it wasn't that there weren't cases to consider, but now was the time to focus only on that which may bring him more information on his final case.
John growled softly in frustration and spat, "James isn't my lover, Sherlock!" He knew he was only giving Sherlock what he wanted, but it was 9:00am, and he was already out of patience.
He was distracted and forgetful. His mind was foggy and he felt the gloom of Sherlock's absence weighing him down. John knew he was better than this. He'd had better days at the clinic on less sleep when he was still working cases with Sherlock. His patients shouldn't have to tolerate his bad day… Some of them looked a bit angry, but the ones that looked at him with uncertain pity were the worst, and it only distracted him more.
Drawing himself up to his full height, Sherlock glared menacingly at his blogger. "There
are you talking about?" John asked, turning in his seat to face Sherlock. He glanced down at Sherlock's arm, blood was still slowly dripping over his fingers and down his elbow. "Don't be ridiculous, Sherlock. You need to have that stitched and bandaged."
managed to talk through their difficulties as well that night. They had been gone by the time Sherlock and John had returned from the pub, but the rumpled blanket Mrs. Hudson normally stretched pristinely over the back of the sofa told Sherlock everything he needed to know. To the best of Sherlock's knowledge there had never been another rift as large as that one between his brother and Lestrade. They were happy, and by every means of observation Sherlock possessed, it appeared that they would stay that way. It wasn't an impossible or even a very taxing feat, most people simply did not put the necessary effort into communication.
Sherlock was on his knees, pawing haphazardly through the flotsam and jetsam around him. Something, there had to be
"You do your job, Lestrade, and I will do mine!"
Moriarty tapped through a few screens on his phone before his eyebrows twitched and he held up a hand to stop the other man. "Wait, this deserves my personal attention."
He'd recognized his real motivations in that domestic violence case he'd solved for Lestrade some weeks back, but at least that
Sherlock and 'Nicole' looked up to see a middle aged man with flat, disapproving gray eyes and dull brown hair that had once been blond.
"Where are you going?" John asked, standing from his position on the second bed.
"You're lucky to have caught this in time," Lestrade was murmuring, trying to engage Sherlock in conversation as though that would decrease the odds of him slipping away at the first available opportunity.
The timber of her voice was an odd mixture of sorrow, anger, and resolution. Sherlock turned his full attention on her for the first time that evening. He could see the hurt and righteous indignation that announced she'd finally realized that she would never receive his affections—he had none to give. What he did not see, was deception. She truly meant to remove herself from his life after tonight. She meant to leave St. Barts and England altogether. She was going to practice medicine in some tropical location… This would mean he would need to tediously ingratiate himself with Bart's next morgue assistant…but it also meant he would be free from Molly's cloying emotions, and any tedium they might cause. "Agreed."
did you do it? I thought John was a part of your work."
John knew he had not convinced or reassured the young morgue assistant that he was fine. For the first time in almost three years he was as "not fine" as he could ever remember being, and it showed. He'd locked the door after she'd gone, not wanting to bother dealing with concerned friends who would come calling later.
His hands slipped and he tightened his grip, cursing when he felt the metal bite into his skin.
Lifting his arms again, the world's only consulting detective scrambled up the uneven brick surface of the wall and wedged himself into to ventilation shaft. Once inside in crawled forward, bracing himself with his forearms and toes. A few minutes later, he heard voices, and turned in their direction. At last he came to another grate, this one, thankfully still in place, and peered beyond it.
John nodded a smiled.  He might get teased for it later but he didn't care.  Sherlock's arms were much preferable to the cold, hard floor.
First, let me offer my abject apologies for the long, long and unexpected delay in this next update. I promise, it was not without good reason. I vacillated about how much to reveal in the author's note, because this is really about my writing, not me, but I also believe in honesty. So, if you need an explanation, here it is:
Sherlock nodded, then stood, "Thank you," escaping his lips before he could pull it back. He never thanked people. He never apologized. He's always been focused solely on his work, especially with the Baker Street Irregulars. He mentally shook himself and started off, shuffling his way back to 221 B. The poison must be getting to his brain, now; he'd certainly felt it make its presence known everywhere else.
He turned the corner into a corridor that was, as expected, unoccupied. He slipped quickly into his victims room, an easy smile on his face. His victim was sleeping, to be expected given the sedatives the victim was on for pain management. The dose was within the guideline, but he had used his administrative privileges to change the amount ordered, and how often, without leaving a trace.
Mary chuckled softly and John couldn't help but smile at the image. "I don't
"Someone you could keep there, you mean," Sherlock countered, his eyes narrowing. He had enough moving parts to deal with right now, he didn't need to keep reminding this over reaching rat of a man how powerless he really was.
John shrugged. "Cute and meddling do ride a fine line together sometimes."
John smiled down at the envelope, turning it over in his hands, and feeling a rush of anticipation. A sudden thought occurred to him, and he glanced up at Mycroft. John opened his mouth to speak, hesitated for a moment, then pressed on anyway. "Do you know when he might be coming home?" John gestured with the letter as he spoke.
"While it's hardly a rarity for an employer to bed an employee, especially a maid, you would think someone so concerned about 'image' would've gone through the trouble of purchasing condoms."
The injured woman was dressed neatly in an elegant but simple emerald green dress which stopped just below her knees. Black stockings encased her legs, and her shoes were simple but posh black flats. Her attire was formal, but not ostentatious, and they were almost in sight of the Royal Opera House. Her violin case was weathered, but meticulously cared for. She must have just gotten off work, and been waiting for someone to pick her up.
patients," John exclaimed, holding out Emily's obituary, and another, much older woman, by the name of Jane Morris.
Harry immediately softened, clinging to her brother more tightly. "Of course I'm oaky," she replied, gently rubbing his back when he finally set her feet on the ground once more. She didn't pry, just hummed softly, rocking them both back and forth gently. Whatever the story behind John's unexpected visit, she knew she would hear it once he had his voice back.
John smiled. She seemed much happier now than she had been when she wrote that letter.
When he finally arrived at the self check out station, the chip and pin machine was malfunctioning. That thought shouldn't make him smile, but it did. He was standing there, in the middle of Tesco's with an idiotic, poignant smile on his face.
to see you get better, Harry." She continued to cry quietly, no longer protesting, and holding his hand in a crushing grip while they waited for the ambulance.
The sounds of a struggle filtered up from the alleyway and Sherlock could hear Wiggins voice, "Lay off me! I ain't done nothing this time!" More sounds of a struggle and snarling dogs. There was the sound of someone being dragged a short ways then another voice broke in.
With muffled yawns and tired smiles they both returned to their respective bedrooms for a few hours of restful sleep before the day began.
?" John had reached over to an already open kitchen drawer and pulled out Sherlock's saline. "
Sherlock stooped forward and plucked the book from where it lay on the floor, while John frowned in sympathy at the young women. He couldn't blame her for her reaction; all the hopes and dreams she'd held for her future were lost to her now...but she
John frowned and shook his head. "No, I'm not here to fight." He ran a hand through his hair, and then rested both hands on the table in front of him. "I just think we need to talk about Sherlock."
John and Alexander get a bit emotional in their letters...
"I really can-"
Laurali took a steadying breath, and nodded. "I'll do my best."
The most serious cases weren't always as easy to spot as one would assume. Lots of blood and compound fractures were always distressing, but internal bleeding and tears could be even more deadly, and all but silent in their approach. For hours John assessed, pushed, prodded, and marked his patients in severity. The worst ones were taken quickly, but the next worse weren't that much better off, and even the other staff on triage occasionally had to pull together to work on a patient and buy precious time. Put pressure on this wound here, send someone back for butterfly band aides or medications that were desperately needed. They were a team, but at the end of the day John was in charge, and his word would decide whether they converged to address a patient more immediately, or let their triage judgment hold and wait for the rest of the team in Accident and Emergency to clear space.
"John," Mary cautioned, walking towards him, "We are breaking several laws at the moment. I would advise against yelling."
John let out a breathy laugh and pressed a tender kiss into Sherlock's chest, just above his trembling heart. Maybe he was crazy. Maybe they both were, but John knew he'd already made his decision. It wouldn't be easy, but their relationship never had been easy, in any form. It was worth it though. As long as they were both trying to build something together, it was definitely worth it. "Yeah, but I think we'll only need one."
Mary nodded, and John thought he could see a plan fall into place in her mind. "Alright, you stick to washing and cutting the vegetables, then you can tackle the dishes afterwards."
they would be less noticeable because they were further away from eye level.
John blinked and became aware of other figures in the background. Mrs. Hudson, Molly...Mycroft.
That last place he ever though he would stake his claim on one Sherlock Holmes was during a press conference, after all danger and adrenalin had passed.  There was no chance for privacy now.  But that skinny blond bitch of a reported had saddled up to
"Here you are, sirs," the waiter said quietly, gesturing to a small table for two adjacent to one of the floor to ceiling windows.
The stranger leaned over the bar slightly and changed his order to, "Two birthday cakes, please." When he leaned back into his seat he turned to face John and extended his hand "My name's Marcus. Pleased to meet you."
"I love you, too, John," Sherlock replied, leaning forward for a slower, more sensual kiss. "Thank you."
A big thank you to everyone who has left a comment, kudos, bookmarked and/or subscribed to my story.  I greatly appreciate the support, and I love to hear back from my audience.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John shrugged, his expression somewhat wistful. "More or less."
Lestrade ran his thumb over his lips, thinking. "I could ask judge Smith, but it would take at least a day to get approval."
A thousand questions formed and died in John's throat. He had to know, and yet he couldn't ask. Was Alexander... was he really? He
"What building is the meeting in?" Mary gasped as they ran.
He grinned once more at Ilia, who glowered in return. "For, as I understand it, in Russia it is rude to smile at someone you do not know; considered to be laughing at their expense."
John nodded. "Yes, you were unconscious by the time I reached you, so I called for an ambulance. I did some rescue breathing too, because your respirations seemed dangerously sluggish." Then, as an afterthought, John added, "Whoever they were made off with the laptop."
Sherlock looked at his brother for a long moment, then nodded slowly. "I'll consider it." The two brother's shared a brief smile before Sherlock's eyes flickered back to Irene. "What kind of interference can I expect, then?"
"No?" John asked spearing a brussel sprout with his fork. It felt like his life was still consumed with Sherlock, even though it would soon be a month since they'd even seen each other. It was a good and difficult thing all at once.
"Advice?" John asked.
John leaned against the door frame and watched her, smiling. Mary was so caught up in the story she didn't look up for another five minutes, and when she did, she jumped. John chuckled. "Sorry, didn't meant to scare you."
John nodded. "I understand, but my situation has changed." There was a long moment of silence and John knew he would have to elaborate. He reminded himself again to stay calm and not include unnecessary detail. Sherlock was always going on about unnecessary detail being the first sign of a lie. "I wanted to focus more on my medical practice, so I moved out of 221 B."
Harriet gaped breathlessly for a moment. "Really, John? You meant it?"
John shook her hand, wrapping it in both of his. "You're welcome, Mrs. Aster. I'm happy to help." And he was. He liked fixing things. Sherlock had made more than a few comments about how this was John's coping mechanism for his unsteady childhood, whereas Harry had followed their parents example.
: Denial and Delusions
live at 221 B anymore? No cases, no crazy hours, no Sherlock….?
They both stood, John automatically reaching out to steady Sherlock, concerned about the depth of his wound. The moved quickly and quietly into the car, settling into the long backseat beside Mycroft's assistant.
"I see your cognitive recall is operating just fine," the good doctor replied, securing the bandaged on Sherlock's second hand, before sitting on the side of the bed, his hand still resting on Sherlock's forearm.
They circled the edge of the room, peering at the machines. John couldn't make much sense of them, but he kept his eyes peeled. Even now he trusted Sherlock's detective skills implicitly.
"That answer, Mr. Holmes, is
Another shrug. "As I said, you were distracting me from my work."
"He runs a dog fighting ring? Here?!" Lestrade asked quietly, though his face hardened menacingly.
it was he had growing on their kitchen table.
"No, but there may be indications of what happened to her here, or elsewhere in the house," Sherlock responded, turning to face Mr. Werner, who was attempting to loom menacingly in Sherlock's personal space. "The purpose of every investigation is to gather evidence, and to do so as thoroughly as possible. If you, as you seem to be insinuating, have nothing to hide, then there should be no difficulty in allowing the Yard and myself to look around. Ransacking will hardly be necessary."
funny! Do you have
"Language, young lady," John scolded, never lifting his eyes from his task.
"How is the patient?" Sherlock asked, slipping his phone into his trouser pocket once more.
John's frown deepened for a moment even as amusement danced in his eyes. Sherlock seemed to be right, but still... "You never tell me when you do have one, do you?" John's lips quirked upwards slightly and he let his hand trail lightly over and around Sherlock's neck, confirming that although he looked flushed, his temperature was well within normal limits.
The moment they entered the space the eldest brother, Bryan if the name beneath his own portrait in the hall was t be believed, stalked forward from the fireplace, and crowded Sherlock's personal space.
John was shaking his head slightly as he read, whishing his sister was here so that he could talk some sense into her, or shake her, or something.
"Well, he was talking to some officers of the Yard, arguing is more like it, when he stepped back and declares that he can tell you the whole truth about any person, just by looking at him, and he would offer five thousand pounds to anyone who could prove him wrong." Mike smiled ruefully. "A few officers took him up on it right there and, damn, but he was ruthless. He spat out all sorts of private information about them, things their co-workers had no right knowing. The Detective Inspector on-scene threatened to arrest him after he said the Detective Inspector's wife was cheating on him."
John snorted humorlessly. "I haven't had the best time of it lately."
John looked up and smiled ruefully. "I told you I couldn't win against you the first time we played."
his favorite carol. Sherlock probably even knew what it meant to him, too. The song reminded John of safety and family, an image he treasured because he so rarely had it. Hearing that song as a child had made him think that everything really could be alright, if he tried hard enough. He had felt a rare sense of peace. It was never a story John liked to talk about, because of how personal it was...
"Your sister mentioned that your father was an investment banker," Sherlock began.
~*~*~*~*~
"Nothing," Sherlock replied with a shrug.
In the end, they hadn't gone out to the pub after all. They'd ordered in some curry and ate it out of the cartons, too engrossed in their conversation to bother with plates. John had been stifling yawns for an hour before he could tear himself away from the safe harbor of James's company.
to be."
Now, three days after Alexander's last letter, John was absolutely stymied by stitching closed the Y-shaped opening in the chest of a young woman that Molly had finished working on early that morning. The needle and coarse black thread did nothing to calm his mind...
Von Rothbart burst onto the stage, stirring up the waters of the lake with a terrible storm, and John was expecting a tragic ending, as was so common for this ballet. Some endings were more tragic than others. The 'best' endings often had both Odette and Prince Siegfried dying with some insinuation that they reunited in the afterlife. There were worse endings, were one lover was left alive, or where Odette was forever taken away by Von Rothbart.
break the law for you, Sherlock."
John shook his head. "No, we're just flatmates, and I'll thank you, to stop insinuating that we're something we're not, before she gets an urge to jump off a building too."
John chose his next words carefully, not wanting to reveal too much about something so personal. "My sister needed more help than I could really provide on my pension. I was able to come to an agreement with Sherlock that was more helpful than working in a clinic would have been. I intend to return to medical practice though, maybe in a year or so. We'll have to see how things go."
Sherlock moved his left hand up to grip John's wrist. He tried with his right but it screamed with pain and wouldn't respond, so he left it; it was probably broken, but it would heal. "He was going to push you if I didn't do something."
There were manic ramblings from a paranoid schizophrenic, a women asking him to find her a date (tedious and pointless), a mother asking him to reconcile her husband and son (he wasn't a family counselor either), and a man who had been the victim of a pedestrian robbery.
"hmm, can't imagine why," John said wryly.
"For the past several years I've been working for a small surgery, which was a good reintroduction to regular medicine after I was invalided home from the military, and recently I've decided I want to focus more heavily on my medical career. There aren't many hours available at the surgery, so I've been exploring my options." It
Marcus's fingers curled around John, stroking, and he moved his head down to press a sucking, forceful kiss to John's thigh. John moaned again, bucking into Marcus's hand. Marcus smiled into his skin and shifted his attention to John's other thigh. John spread his legs wider, gasping at the sensation. Marcus took his time with the second thigh until John was sure there would be a hickey.
John nodded, remembering the night he had sent Harry to the hospital. Their lives as children had been chaotic and frightening. John had fled to order and controlled, or at least consciously chosen, danger. Harry had flown to alcohol to numb her mind and her feelings. He'd been trying to help Harry with treatment for years now, he knew there were no easy answers; he just wanted his sister to be well again... He didn't know what he would do if she-
"He's right, though," a small, clear voice spoke up from Sherlock's side. Laurali had not cried or carried on like her classmate, but she had stayed stubbornly at Sherlock's side since her rescue. "It was probably the quickest way out of there."
"Come on, let me look you over, now that I'll actually be able to
"Right, sorry," John replied, crossing his arms over his chest. This worst part was that he wasn't really all that mad about Sherlock leaving him out of the loop; it was the fact that he'd found Sherlock's comment
The room was silent. Silent for long enough that Sherlock concluded Mike and the man he'd brought with him would leave
: Regardless of the Cost
Sherlock hadn't expected forgiveness. It had thrown him completely off guard, but, remarkably, that wasn't a first where John Watson was concerned. Sherlock wasn't perplexed often, and as a result of his bewilderment he had never questioned John's decision to move back in. John was a helpful associate and an entertaining flatmate, when there were no cases. It had been…easy.
"It was past time," John assured her. "He has his work, and as fun as it was working with him, I do have my own career to think about."
again! He warned me it would be a difficult road before us, and I promised him I would not be shaken, especially not with trifling theories that won't stand up in court!"
"There," Greg murmured, pointing at the screen. "The idiot is mucking around near that excavation site for the new skyscrapers, the one where they found those artifacts being put up for auction." Greg turned his screen around so that John could see.
it. It was a bit late to check his own body for an exact entry point, but it might spare him a few mind-numbing hours if he analyzed this syringe's contents. He doubted they would be more than saline, but as there was no current case, and no sign of any case coming his way in the near future, it was the only stimuli at hand.
John trotted up to the imposing driver and asked, "Will you take me to the Berne airport, please? I need to catch a flight."
John heard a few chuckled from the surrounding officers as they noticed Sherlock carrying him out of the crime scene bridal style.  John blushed and pressed his face into Sherlock's shoulder.  He could hear Sherlock chuckling softly.
"No matter what," Harriet echoed dully.
" John looked away for a moment and drew a slow, deep breath, trying to gather his wits about him. "
Sherlock's spine straightened and he turned to glare at his husband. "I'm not a child, John."
"It's so sweet of you to help, dear," Mrs. Hudson cooed as John carefully patted down the dirt around her potted roses.
"I'll be there," Mary confirmed. They said their goodbyes and ended the call. John stretched, looked around him, and let out a long breath. The day was far from over, and it was time to get back to it.
Sherlock nodded and gestured with his arm. "After you." They walked in silence the short distance to the study Lestrade had commandeered on Sherlock's orders. Nathan was more muscular than his brother. His movements, and his slight tan indicated he was a true athlete, probably rugby or football. Nathan was the second son, so while he had received education paralleling his brother, he was not expected to be the heir unless his brother met an untimely end, and so felt less pressure than Bryan. He likely wasn't even truly expected to join the family business if he didn't want to, which left him more time to pursue his own interests. He was a middle child and thus, a natural negotiator. Even so, he came from a family with an old-world reputation and high standards. Excelling in team sports was a natural by-product of such an upbringing. Nathan had likely been on a professional team until very recently; his tan was starting to fade at the edges... perhaps he had left or taken a leave of absence from his athletic career when tensions began to mount at home.
Sherlock, having resolved to spend his next few hours hacking everything he could find about Mr. Wallingford's business associates, burst through the front door of 221 Baker Street. He leapt up the stairs and swept into the sitting room. He was almost upon the desk by the windows before he realized there was no laptop waiting there for him.
"I still can't believe it was so misfiled. It
Sherlock swallowed and looked away. "I already told you that, too. You were in danger. This was a deliberate attack. An attempt would have been made on your life."
want to save lives? Or did he just want to catch William before the man took himself out? At one time John would have bet everything he owned that Sherlock cared more than he let on, and that because caring about people wouldn't, in fact, save them he expressed that caring by focusing on what
Mycroft lowered his hand, and met John's gaze again. "Because I want him alive too, and I do think a connection to home is helping him... Just...understand the risks, John."
Sherlock smirked. "Well, I didn't say I wouldn't be multitasking."
Sherlock brought his eyes back to the microscope without once having looked at the intruders.
"I only met her tonight." Sherlock clarified, rolling his eyes at Mr. Walker's obvious hunt for any reason or excuse he could use to turn Sherlock away.
"Sherlock," John spoke quietly, but his tone conveyed a seriousness that thickened the atmosphere in the room.
She drew her hand back and peered at him dubiously. "Do you have much practical experience applying makeup, Dr. Watson?"
about to make tea for that bastard.
"John!" Mary admonished.
"That doesn't answer my question," John insisted, feeling both giddy and smug. Although he pestered and needled Sherlock all the way back to Baker Street, he never did get an answer.
When they came to a double set of wooden doors Sherlock paused and pressed his ear against the door. "I can hear voices, and coughing," Sherlock confirmed, kneeling down to address the lock. It was a simple job, and not twenty seconds later he was standing and pushing the doors open. The room was littered with people. Some lay prone and motionless on the floor, some were crowded under the table, or cowering along the walls. William was there too. John recognized the color of his hair and the shape of his face, although it was partially obscured by his own breathing apparatus. He stood, wild haired and frantic eyed by the floor to ceiling windows of the room, gesturing forcefully with the large rifle in his hands at anyone who dared to approach. The windows weren't likely to be of much help unless someone broke through them, they weren't the kind that opened. Even so, William was keeping his victims pinned, watching them suffocate while potential salvation was only a few feet away.
Moriarty nodded and waved her away.
John had the forethought to place his teacup back on the table before dragging Sherlock back into his own room for a repeat performance.
the loose ends tied up by now," he paused and eyes his companions pointedly. "Still it will only be a matter of days, maybe less. He'll be dead after that even without our help."
Sherlock fixed him with a weak glare. "That could be dangerous for your health."
When did he drop it? It must have been on the stairs, when he heard the gunfire. His eyes widened with the realization that he'd been striding and stomping all over the front room of the flat without missing his cane once. "Th-thank you," he said quietly, turning his astonished gaze on Sherlock's indifferent back. What had he said?
Sherlock recalled as he blotted up the worst of the water, he had been about to make tea when Lestrade had called. He had left the kettle on. It had shrilled so long that Mrs. Hudson, ever the 'concerned landlady' walked upstairs to see what was the matter. Her footprints were clearly visible in the carpet, the indentations sharp enough that they had to have been made today. Upon finding 221 B empty, she had made to lift the kettle off the stove. Most of the water had burned away at that point and the kettle was burning hot. The heat jolted her, causing her to fling the kettle into the sink, where it now rested, spilling the remainder of its water on the floor and knocking the mug which Sherlock had left on the counter to the floor.
Sherlock nodded. "See you then."
John drew the mug away from his lips and smiled again. "Thank you."
Sherlock stared lazily at the ceiling, his hands pressed firmly together just under his nose, and did not reply.
"You too, dear," she replied sweetly, humming to herself as she made her way back inside her first floor flat.
Sherlock was still Sherlock, and whether John wanted to admit it or not, that had a certain appeal. Living with the world's only consulting detective had brought the adrenaline rushes John had lived on in the army, as well as someone to protect, however reluctant they were to cooperate.
A week passed before either mentioned the change in their circumstances. Of course it was John, responsible, concerned doctor and alpha that he was; he needed Sherlock to be prepared for what was to come.
believer in Sherlock Holmes, he certainly hoped he wasn't. Even if he was, that wouldn't change his position. He would believe in, respect...and love Sherlock Holmes for a s long as he lived.
He hadn't wanted to talk about Sherlock, or anything even remotely pertaining to Sherlock, and James seemed to understand that. They talked about the game on at the bar, about medicine, and about their respective pasts. John had been pleased to learn that, despite both their mild mannered appearances, they had each seen their share of trouble and/or danger.
John turned the phone around so that James could see.
Nikki frowned, blinking back her tears. "But…" she hesitated, not because her opinion lacked conviction, but because of the guilt she still felt. "I
Mycroft. John made a sour face at the thought. He didn't relish the idea of calling the older Holmes brother back again; his interactions with the British government had always been strained at best. But, John never backed down when things were difficult. Like it or not, Mycroft was his best, and only link to Alexander.
"Very." Sherlock affirmed.
John sighed and pressed his lips in a thin, unhappy line. "Stubborn idiot," he muttered. John would have to see if he could talk some sense into him.
Someone in love is usually the last to know it.
Sherlock, who had never liked being told what to do, made a face.
John knew the story, he'd made a point of refreshing his memory before tonight so that he would have an easier time following along. He had never been able to follow a story told in music alone, as he'd heard some dedicated musicians talk about. Sherlock had tried to talk him through the idea once for a case, but the story had only come clear to John with words, and once he had them, the music seemed to fit them, not the other way around.
"I thought you might need this," Mary continued, pressing cool metal into John's hands. He started when he realized it was his gun. He'd never made a secret of having it, but…
of importance!" he ground out, then sighed wearily. "Read the article about the
Greg chuckled. "He didn't jump to get people to stop talking about the two of you. If anything it only made the talk worse."
Mycroft nodded, and started to make his way towards the door. "I will be back in three days, as usual," he called over his shoulder.
John's loyalty never falters...neither does Sherlock's.
"It was good," Mary replied, sipping at the red wine she'd selected for the evening. "Business has been picking up. Sarah hasn't replaced your position yet, so things are just busy enough to make the day go by quickly without being chaotic." Mary studied John a moment then, as if reading the question in his eyes she added, "You're still the main office gossip, I think, but most people are smart enough not to discuss anything in front of me."
"Yes, yes it is," John stated emphatically. "I would do
"What?" John asked, jumping out of the way as Sherlock brushed past him.
John turned his face away, and pressed a hand over his mouth to suppress the stray chuckles that he could not control. By the time Sherlock had hailed a cab and they were on their way to Baker Street, he felt a bit calmer, and decided to voice his thoughts from earlier. "That really was brilliant, how quickly you pulled that case together."
"Anyway," Mr. Murphy continued, "We filled in the gaps with
"Um, I'm sorry, Ma'am. I was looking for Mr. Holmes."
John's eyes narrowed as he looked up at his friend. "I hate that you know what I'm thinking."
John's words reverberated in Sherlock's head, quieting his doubts. It wouldn't be easy, but life never was, and more time with John would always be worth it.
He was sitting in a waiting room just adjacent to the ambulance bay and John could hear each new case as it was brought in. It made his adrenaline race, and he had to remind himself more than once not to jump up and start helping.
"They
Sherlock sighed and fixed Lestrade with a sharp glare. "To examine the body. I'm done here."
"It was an assassin who came for me the other day," Petia confirmed. "For years I was haunted by the ghosts of my past. Even after I met Susan here, and married her. She knew I had a…difficult past, but she did not know the truth until last night. I was sitting in my study in the dark, trying to ease the pain form a migraine, when I heard the window lift from its sill. I cannot see well in the dark, but there are other ways to know your way around. I jumped to snatch my gun from the fireplace and shot him. By good fortune, I shot him in the face and he went down before he could reach me. He fell by the fireplace, and so it was an easy thing to dress him in one of my suits and place him on the chair, with the gun at his feet. Susan helped me, after I had revealed to her the danger we were in. I did not want to part with my wedding ring," Petia's gaze drifted to his wife for a moment then back to Sherlock. "My marriage means much to me, and I did not think anyone would care about such a trifle."
The video was silent, but they could both see Nikki pause near the corner and gently remove her violin. She lifted her instrument and began to play, and while they could not hear, both Sherlock and John watched her form. Several minutes later a man slightly younger than John with short blond hair that was just long enough to curl, began to walk down the street. At first he seemed like any other passerby, but when he came to the end of the street he stopped, loitered a few moments, then began walking the other way. When he reached the corner he hesitated again before turning back. He was starting to pace.
to do this or that, John still felt it necessary to announce his presence. The ex-army doctor didn't actually think that such mundane announcements would result in Sherlock actually warning him about an experiment he was conducting that involved ears simmering on the stove, or informing John of the possibility of a case on the horizon. No, it was more about the simple domestic routine; he'd had so little of that in his life, that he found himself clinging to any sense of peace or solidarity he could find.
Getting suppressants was difficult, however. Omega's were encouraged to, even expected to mate and breed. And the medical literature might show solid evidence of the determent of long-term suppressants on one's life span, a consequence Sherlock was now facing, but that hadn't mattered to Sherlock. All that mattered was getting his control back.
Sherlock glowered in response. "Yes, you're quite right. We wouldn't want to get so attached to someone that, after knowing them for only three days we would kill a deranged suicidal cabbie for them. That would certainly never end well. It demonstrated poor boundaries, really."
the answers he was ever going to get?
Sherlock glanced down at John and their eyes locked as John descended his body, leaving obvious marks in his wake. When he reached Sherlock's hips, John growled and lifted then, keeping them a few inches off the sheets as his mouth descended on Sherlock's opening.
Normally John would have protested. He knew his own limits, thank you very much. Eric was good to remind him though, not all doctors knew when to take a break. Maybe a few days off would be good for him. He
Several long, breathless minutes passed before Sherlock murmured, in a halting voice, "You know… there are still two bedrooms at 221 B." It was as close as he could bring himself to ask for something he knew he didn't deserve.
be a surprise.
but in comparison to what John saw on her face now he could only label what he'd seen before as contentment. Now, she looked
John sipped his tea and idly wondered how difficult it would be to obtain a urinalysis from Sherlock. Doing so without his knowledge was out of the question, even if he was secretive about it. Still, it might be worth risking Sherlock's wrath for the peace of mind clean results would bring. The ex-army doctor took another sip of tea, as he watched his flatmate transverse the floor once more. Every time he thought he had made the slightest bit of progress in understanding the world's one consulting detective, Sherlock would do something unexpected and make John question everything. Well, almost everything. There was no doubting at this juncture that Sherlock Holmes was an arrogant arse. But…was there more to him?
WARNING: Please skip this part if you are not in a good headspace for heavy emotions. I think maybe real life decided it was not fond of my cliff hangers, and decided to give me some drama of my own.
"Damn," John muttered, running a hand over his face. This story was layers upon layers of ugliness…but he saw no malicious gleam in Sherlock's eyes. He was just telling the story as it was. "What happened next?"
Three caseless days later Sherlock was loitering in the doorway to the sitting room, watching John read. The fire crackled merrily in the fireplace, warding off the winter chill. He
"I lost a patient about twenty minutes ago."
"That sounds lovely," John agreed, looping an arm around her shoulders as they walked away in search of a cab, banishing all thoughts of Sherlock from his mind.
John didn't waste a moment, deepening the kiss as he drew Sherlock into him. Sherlock followed the insistent pull of John's hands at his hips, until he found himself teetering on the edge of the couch. John pulled back slightly, smiling when Sherlock's mouth chased his, unwilling to be denied after so many years of wondering, of
"Greg, why on earth do you think that?" John replied, utterly at a loss. Mycroft had always been protected and biased when it came to his little brother, but John had thought Greg had more of a level head.
Gently, John set Sherlock down on the bed, anchoring his arm around Sherlock's shoulders to keep him upright. Once Sherlock was seated, John slipped the robe off his shoulders, and reached for the hem of his t-shirt.
"I am speaking of a new
gave up that easily.
Mary waited until John had taken a few bites before asking, "What do you think?"
going to take precautions. No more death defying stunts for you until after the delivery." John was adamant.
"The yard, the damned lot of them are screwing this up!" Sherlock crossed his arms and scowled peevishly.
John's mouth fell open slightly at Nikki's offer. He was very touched by her kindness, but at the same time he was concerned. Accepting gifts from patients was a tricky ethical issue. It could foster unhealthy boundaries, dual relationships, and generally muddy the waters, especially with such expensive presents. Still, John could see the pride Nikki had in her work and her joy at not having lost what she had worked so hard for.
He loved Sherlock,
There was a long silence while they ate, and not entirely a comfortable one. It was Mary who finally broke the silence, and the tension.
Susan was shifting from foot to foot, almost completely concealed behind Sherlock while Dan fumed. Lestrade needed to peer around Sherlock's shoulder to try to make eye contact, but her eyes were trained on the pavement. Sherlock stepped aside when Lestrade stepped forward, creating even more distance between her and her boyfriend. Dan opened his mouth as if to protest, then snapped it shut again, glowering at the footballers, the crowd, and especially at Sherlock. His face was turning a livid red from the strain of controlling himself.
"Bryan?! Why would you do such a thing?!"
John's fist clenched at the heavily patronizing tone. Fine? Everything was
"Look at her, Lestrade, it's written all over her," Sherlock gestured with his hand and Susan flinched again, folding in on herself as thought she could will herself to disappear. "The way she flinches when anyone raises their voice or their hand-"
, not like this. Large warm hands covered his own, gently holding them. Sherlock closed his eyes, then opened them again, staring at John's chest, because he couldn't quite bring himself to meet John's gaze.
Abruptly, Sherlock stood and adjusted his coat. "This now falls under your department, Lestrade. I will leave you to it." Without another word he strode out of the room.
Toby was returned to Lauren without incident. Well, there was a great deal of mutual glaring and silent threats before John intervened, shaking Lauren's hand and thanking her for her kind help. Laruen, while still visibly perturbed, was at least mollified enough to let them leave.
Greetings everyone!  Sorry I'm a day late again this week.  I might move my posting day to Saturdays if this keeps up... We'll see.
"Thank you, for everything," he murmured, leaning forward to press a kiss to her forehead and squeezed her hands one last time before easing himself back down the steps to the first pew.
John glanced up at his medical texts and journals, remembering a specific anecdote one of his old professors had drilled into his head.
John smiled, and did just that.
John nodded, remembering the chaos that Harry's wedding hand entailed She'd looked so happy that day... She certainly wasn't happy now. She'd left Clara, who still loved her, and had been with her through so many hardships. And she was still drinking, killing herself a sip at a time.
"I've done this before, John!" Sherlock protested, his gaze locking with John's.
"Sherlock was just telling me about some old cases of his," John said. They looked at each other again; Sherlock was glaring and John was smiling unabashedly.
John stepped around her to rinse the bits of vegetables from his hands, and tore off a bit of paper towel on his way into the sitting room. He stared at the two doors across from him for a moment before heading towards the one closer to the fireplace.
"They both told me that he spent
James leaned forward a bit more. "Really? What kind of case?"
"My schedule's so crazy when we're on a case, it just makes more sense to stay with Sherlock," John insisted.
"Thank you for a lovely evening, Mary," John began. "I haven't had a proper dinner like that in a long time."
He had thought their partnership would end after his fall, it would have been better for them both if it had. Instead John had returned. He'd been angry, furious with Sherlock for the deception, but within a month he'd moved right back into Baker Street as if he belonged there. Sherlock hadn't expected that. He'd expected hysterics, possibly even a new enemy. Instead John had…forgiven him? Yes, Sherlock could clearly recall the sudden difference in the way John had held himself, had looked at him.
Mycroft shook his head as he slipped his phone back into his pants pocket, and dabbed at his nose. Sometimes he wasn't sure who was more stubborn about being loyal to who; John to Sherlock, or Sherlock to John. One thing was certain, he still expected a 'happy announcement' at some point in the future.
Sherlock stretched and shifted in his chair, resting his elbows on his knees and pressing his hands together in front of his face. John had long ago inwardly dubbed this Sherlock's "Thinking pose."
Thank you to all those who have left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  You're support keeps me writing.  ^_^
Greg took a deep breath and let it out slowly, reminding himself he was too old to throw things, especially not at work. A hand squeezed his shoulder gently, and he turned to face John, who had returned to his side. "I'll go with him," John said.
John's breath came out in short pants as he stared, exasperated at the overgrown child in front of him. "Bored," he repeated again, still sputtering. "You-you're
"Right," Greg nodded. "Call me if you need anything." He climbed in the car, pulled on his seatbelt, and glared into the rearview mirror.
John looked over to Sherlock and opened his mouth, but was stopped by the sight of blood dripping down Sherlock's arm and off the tip of his elbow. Sherlock was clutching the arm in question, probably to apply pressure, but if it was still bleeding…
Sherlock's gaze slipped over to John's eyes, and he faltered in his deductions. John's slightly unfocused gaze spoke of his fatigue, but the set of his jaw showed he wasn't feeling it as much as he would otherwise. He was running off of adrenaline…and pain. The injustice of a wrongful death was weighing heavily on John's mind, warring with the complications of having to approach Sherlock for help, when Sherlock was the
~*~*~*~
And, as always, thanks go to my reluctant muse, sounding board, and own personal Sherlock, Geoff.
John was not in the mood for games. "You are going to bed," he ordered. Standing, he glanced around and thought again. "Stay here."
"It's an odd time of day for restocking," the stranger continued. "Do you work for an urgent care clinic, or something?"
John let out a slow breath through pursed lips, and closed his eyes. He felt so many things at once. Pain at the reminders of Sherlock that he couldn't seem to avoid seeing in these letters, pain for Alexander's own situation, and another sensation that was harder to place. John scrunched his eyebrows together and tried to give a name to that icy/fire feeling in his stomach, the kind of feeling you get when you plummet from the apex of a rollercoaster...and again he thought of Sherlock. John used to get this feeling on cases, especially if there was a chase involved.
"You should send me the link to your blog," James encouraged, "I'd like to read what you wrote."
Lestrade strode through the crowd. Looking unimpressed and irritated. He paused in front of them taking in the scene. He glared young men holding Dan down before shifting his gaze to Sherlock. "Sherlock, what have you done?"
Sherlock waited a beat, but she made no move to reply, although she seemed to relax slightly. He pressed on before her boyfriend could interject. "I ask because my landlady just acquired a small Spaniel from her nephew, and she's looking for a little help walking him." Sherlock shrugged, indicating the bag of groceries in his arms. "I was just helping her with the shopping when I recognized you, so I thought I would ask about the dog walking."
"Look at me," John commanded softly. Sherlock looked down, his eyes locking with John's insistent stare as he kneeled in front of him. A slow, satisfied smile curled John's lips as he lifted his hands to Sherlock's pants and tugged. John never broke eye contact as he slowly slid the garment down, and helped Sherlock to step out of his shoes, trousers, and pants.
out of milk, Sherlock," John replied wryly as he made his way into the kitchen. "You never get any, and you keep finding the most bizarre reasons to pilfer mine!" John's tone was irritated, but it was belied by the affectionate smile on his lips.
," Sherlock had snapped. He reached forward and tore the remaining toast from John's plate with such force that he knocked the plate from John's hands, and it shattered on the floor. John had continued to stare as Sherlock shoved the toast roughly into his mouth, wolfing it down like an animal. "
Sherlock gasped and nodded his head vigorously. "Yes, John, please!"
Sherlock accepted the phone and brought it to his ear. "Greetings Harry." He paused to listen and John could hear Harry's excited voice, but not any of her words. Sherlock sighed softly and rolled his eyes at her exuberance, but John thought he saw amusement in his flatmate's countenance as well as impatience. The world's only consulting detective was a difficult man to live with, and almost impossible to understand, but as John leaned closer and Sherlock's gaze met his, John was sure he was correct.
This didn't stop Sherlock's mind from wandering, especially when Molly, or Mrs. Hudson, or Lestrade, or even Mycroft were bombarding him with unwitting reminders. One of the other reasons he'd selected Barts as his location of research today was the hope he could escape the constant prodding's of Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, and Lestrade. Molly had, until Sherlock's complete dismissal of John, taken to ignoring him. Now she was becoming more aggressive. She had cut him out of frustration on the same day he'd met Marcus…
Mr. Brenton's brow furrowed. "No, I-I didn't want to believe what I was seeing, so I washed my hand and went to bed."
Greg held his hands up in surrender, "Yes, fine. Since you were forced out, which I still think is the stupidest thing Sherlock has ever done." Greg took another breath as if steadying himself, and folding his hands in front of him on the table. "Sherlock is brilliant, John, that's always been the problem. He's too brilliant for his own good. He's also
Sherlock glanced at the time, grateful it was close to 7am. This wasn't the best of distractions, but it would do for another two hours until Lestrade would call, as he had been in the unfortunate habit of doing every morning for the last week. Sherlock clicked to the next page of files and felt his heart stutter in his chest as his eyes locked on a name halfway down said page.
John pursed his lips and nodded. "I understand." He thought he did anyway. He'd shown his priorities through his actions and now that his priorities had changed, or rather, that they had to change, it would take time to show that this change had really taken place. "Will you keep me in mind if anything opens up?"
Greg and Mycroft
..." The last word came out as a disbelieving whisper."
that I needed more evidence," Sherlock retorted, turning to fully face John.
After watching John nurse his last half pint for over an hour, James leaned in close and said, "You know, if you really need some time away, I don't mind offering up my couch. I'd offer a guest room, if my flat was big enough."
. He pulled back slightly and looked down at her. "Let's go home and put some ice on your arm."
Without moving his gaze from the wall Sherlock reached out and took the piece of paper. "At least I have plenty of company. Most people are idiots."
John did as he was bid, leaning over the body so that he might also see what his brilliant flatmate had spotted.
John had just begun to reach for his phone when it trilled ominously. John accepted the call and lifted the phone to his ear. "You knew," he accused, feeling a hot sense of satisfaction when his indictment resulted in a lengthy pause. The letter showed no obvious signs of being tampered with. Even if it had arrived pristine instead of crumpled, John doubted he would've see any trace that it had been opened. But Mycroft was Mycroft, and he always would be.
"What about personal privacy?" Sherlock inquired with a wry smile.
"Nice to meet you, I'm Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade. You're a doctor, you say?"
John grimaced at the idea that he'd been found out. Then again the stressor marks on his last letter had been so obvious; even John would've been able to tell the person who wrote it was upset. Crinkled, stained with tears, and slightly torn under one vehement underlining, John had almost re-written the letter. He might have too, if his emotions hadn't threatened to get the better of him each time he'd considered it.
"Sitting."
"Honey," Alex began, intending to try to reason with her.
"Is there any program on the telly you can watch without being obnoxious?"
unfortunate that Molly had taken a liking to him, and he
A wan smile crossed her lips, before she answered, "Thank you for knowing the difference between wanting company and wanting to talk." She sighed and shifted, uncurling just the slightest bit, although her legs were still drawn close to her chest. "But, no. I don't think talking about it will help. Sometimes I just get caught up in old memories, old resentments." She lifted her eyes to John's and added, "I've seen a few terrible things in my time, and your mind can trap you there if you let it."
necessary, " John scolded, gently settling the body back into place.
of them. It had taken him years to see the threads of the power behind the crimes of London, the hints of the spider in its web. He knew before John had ever come to him that he wanted the unearthing of this 'spider,' to be his final achievement. He suspected the case of Ms. Adeline, and Mrs. Dwight were connected in important ways to his finally goal...but he couldn't see
Mr. Brenton licked his lips once more and looked back at John, who did his best to look approachable and harmless. After a long moment Mr. Brenton nodded and began his story, looking earnestly at them both. "It's my maid, Mr. Holmes… God help me, the police will never believe me. And I couldn't really go to them, even if they would… the scandal."
Disturbed, John had stood and approached his jailer and flatmate. "
"Damn," John breathed, his expression hardening.
John ran one hand over his face, and stepped away from the still open cabinet. He set his empty mug down on the table, and sat heavily in one of the chairs which bracketed it. As much as he missed Sherlock, as much as he...loved him, even now, there were days John wanted a little breathing room. Nearly three years dead, and his infuriating flatmate still managed in insinuate himself into every aspect of John's life. Sometimes the memories were so thick that John could almost feel Sherlock sulking on the couch, or hovering over the microscope that used to rest on the kitchen table... So many things reminded John of the lanky consulting detective; these letters especially.
Lauren met John's gaze and smiled warmly. Her eyes shifted to Sherlock next, and her smile faded. "No," she said sharply, already turning to leave. She paused at the door and turned around, reaching out her arms for the cat, who didn't look inclined to move. Lauren had just pulled the cat into her arms when Sherlock darted around the counter and blocked her exit into the back rooms.
Sherlock heaved a shuddering breath but still did not reply. John lifted a syringe, which he had filled with a local anesthetic, cursing himself for finding it
A big thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked my story!   I love hearing back from my readers, and the support is much appreciated.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
" She paused to pluck another Kleenex from the box on the low table between their two sofas. "It was bad, though, whatever it was." Something in the timber of voice changed, catching Sherlock's attention. Mrs. Wallingford looked up again and their eyes locked. "The way Andrew looked at me, in those last week's was the same way he looked at me when we thought I might miscarry Evelyn."
"I don't mind," James replied amicably, and they set off once more into the night.
"Fine," John barked, "Give me the God damned tracker."
I know this post is a bit early, but I'm about to run off to comicon, so I'm hoping you won't mind.
Sherlock stepped back as John stepped forward. He hadn't even taken his coat off yet. John frowned and asked, "What's wrong?"
John rolled his eyes and leaned forward, his chest pressing against Sherlock's legs, which were still drawn up, until he could press a short sharp kiss onto his cupid's bow lips. When he pulled back, it was only far enough to murmur, "I'm
As they began to make there was towards their seat, John tugged on the sleeve of Sherlock's jacket and hissed "Sherlock do you know what this
John's mouth playing with his, drawing him into deep, consuming kisses, and teasing him with the light, barely there brush of lips.
John's fingers began to tremble as he tied the final knot on Sherlock's stitches. After everything,
Lestrade sighed and whispered, "Of course you did..." but the smile that followed belied any intent he'd had to scold Sherlock.
John's smile widened. Sherlock would
Sherlock could hear the worry in Lestrade's voice. He knew what Lestrade was really asking, but he couldn't offer any reassurances. He didn't have any time to waste, so he hung up the phone, silenced it, and slid it into his jacket pocket. Sherlock turned and shared a short, grim look with Mary.
"Christ!" John muttered, running a hand through his hair. "What about Harry? Where is she?"
John pulled back slowly, his eyes opening to meet Sherlock's questioning gaze. "Why did you stop?" Sherlock murmured.
to be...didn't he?
"That
"I merely recommended a place and a time where her practice might prove most beneficial," Sherlock murmured, the long fingers of his right hand coming up to stroke over the skin of John's cheek and neck.
The world's only consulting detective turned away so that John wouldn't see him swallow. Swallowing was a key giveaway that a person was experiencing intense emotions and trying to hide them. He'd used it to verify countless lies.
It was stupid, stupid to be this upset over someone he'd only known in letters, over a situation he couldn't change... That was the worst part about it. There was
"He's supposed to be helping, but he's poking around in all the wrong places!" Bryan ground out, his gaze never wavering from the dying fire.
"Help me up, love," Laurali said, reaching out to her husband, "I've got to use the loo again."
John's name spilled from Sherlock's lips in a long, low moan as he started to come, his whole body shaking with the force of it. John let out a wordless groan, pushing his knot up into Sherlock at last. John's hands came up to cup Sherlock's face as his orgasm rocked through him. They trembled and held each other for several long, breathless moments before their eyes fluttered open, their gazes locked, and they started to giggle.
John was aware of another man slipping onto the stool to his right, but he didn't look up. He was aware of an expensive looking suit in his peripheral vision before a deep, posh voice murmured, "Birthday cake please."
Once the video feed was up, Sherlock leaned back, and John leaned over his shoulder, wrapping his arms around Sherlock from behind. Sherlock turned his head and John met him in a long, slow kiss. Sherlock brought his hands up to grasp John's shirt and maneuver him around the chair until he could pull John into his lap. John moaned softly as he settled himself into Sherlock's embrace. Sherlock's hand trailed slowly down John's back and over the curve of his arse, giving a forceful squeeze. John groaned softly, and rocked into Sherlock, his own hand sweeping possessively over Sherlock's chest.
John was angry enough that he didn't skip the creaking step as he tromped outside and shut the door behind him. The ex-army didn't slam the door as he left, Sherlock knew he had too much self-control for that. Still, the creak of the wood as it settled into place reverberated through him like a thunderclap. His mind flittered back to a much louder crash that had sent piano keys flying... Sherlock closed his eyes and forced himself to breathe.
Once they were all inside the fence, Sherlock reached through and fastened the lock again. This would give the appearance, to the casual observer, that nothing was amiss and hopefully give them more time. Mr. Werner was so antsy; they had little enough time as it was.
"Sherlock." John's voice was quiet, and the tone clipped. It was just enough of a warning to pierce the concentration of the world's only consulting detective.
Another shrug. "Well, when he discovered that his father was in some unusual distress he asked me for help."
Irritated, Sherlock went through the bother of turning around and peered in the drawer, but there was no saline. He slammed the drawer shut with a growl and peered around the flat. This was
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
~*~*~*~
"My husband won't be jailed, will he?" Susan asked, distraught. "Please, Detective Inspector, he won't survive if you put him in jail."
usually meant
John smiled faintly, pleased at the compliment. "You're no slouch yourself."
Sara looked thoughtful for a moment before replying. "Even so, you've made a commitment to Mr. Holmes, and-"
Lestrade had not been expecting them, but neither was he surprised by their sudden appearance. Sherlock had been making himself a nuisance at the New Scotland Yard too long for it to
"Quiet."
"I had to get you out of there, John," Sherlock insisted, still cradling his injured arm. "It wasn't safe for you." Sherlock spoke in a steady, quiet tone so much more resolute then anything Sherlock had ever said or yelled during a tantrum.
"Amazing," John murmured with reluctant admiration. "You make it sound so simple."
Sherlock nudged his daughter so that she would turn to look at him, then cupped her face with both hands. "Listen to Alex, and remember your breathing," he said calmly. "And make sure you keep your eyes and mouth open during contractions. We don't want to risk you going blind from burst blood vessels in or near your eyes."
Sherlock lifted the cup to his lips and took a sip, letting the warm liquid sooth his throat while he took stock of his transport. He should definitely eat today.
"He-" John couldn't form the words, could barely form the
He would have revenge if it was the very last thing he ever did.
"You're welcome, Mary replied, still smiling. "You're welcome back anytime you'd like more, cleaning up after is the worst part in my opinion."
John's eyes narrowed in thought. Was this really something? Or was he jumping at shadows? Unable to quash his curiosity, John licked his lips and asked, "Could...could I see it?"
John flushed, and his hand went to his neck. He'd known it was there, he'd seen it yesterday morning when he was dressing. It was only a day and a half old; John knew he couldn't expect it to fade properly for another few days, especially when it was so dark… Not that he had any regrets. Marcus had been…energetic, but a very welcome distraction. He had meant to cover it up… but he'd forgotten.
~*~*~*~
John stood and wiped his dirty hands on his jeans. "I'm sorry, I have to ask.
"Life or death situations always come first. If someone's coding, or critically unstable, that's where my attention needs to be. I'm good at focusing in crowded, high noise environments." No one in an Accident or Emergency room could possibly be as bad as Sherlock when he was in one of his moods. John immediately pulled away from the thought. "And I'm used to issuing orders, delegating to the team I'm working with. It served me well in the army, I was promoted to Captain."
Sex was one of the many things they had discussed in recent days, and they were generally compatible in what they liked, and what they didn't. John had yet to be penetrated but that had more to do with Sherlock's slight preference for being penetrated than anything else. John had adamantly insisted on complete STD testing on both sides before being willing to forgo condoms. It was a point which Sherlock completely agreed on, and the clean results of said tests had been delivered to both parties just three days ago.
Sherlock still did not even deign to meet John's eyes. "Bring back some bagels from the King Street Deli. You always stop there when you're going to see your boyfriend."
him. ...It was nice...
"No..." John muttered softly, his hands starting to shake. "No, no, no, no, no..." He turned the letter over in his hands, checking the front, checking the back, then checking the front again. He scrabbled for the envelope, pawing inside of it in case he had missed a page, a contact number, something, anything... He scanned the letter again, forcing himself to read every word.
Harry blinked slow, hot tears from her eyes as she raised her hands to cradle her brother's face. Shaking her head, she muttered, "God knows what I ever did to deserve you."
"Thank you," John replied softly. Mary's offer was both practical and heartfelt. He was grateful for the reprieve, and the offer both. He took a few sips of wine to steady himself and broached a new topic. "How long have you been in London?"
"That was insane," John gasped.
let him go.
"What happened?" The man asked, crouching beside Sherlock and Nicole. Sherlock did nothing to hide the disapproving look on his face. The man before them appeared sympathetic, but he was anything but. This was a self-seeking individual who wanted to
Lestrade shrugged, "Yeah, but not as bad as it would've been. The company might have tried to press on for years and really taken England down with it."
true.
John's eyes darted to said table and saw a plate covered with a small dome, presumably to keep its contents warm. He didn't even bother wondering why such an ill stocked kitchen even
John felt Mary's hand cover one of his own and brought his gaze up to meet hers. "Sean is dead," she began softly. "Nothing and no one can change that. Maybe I will fall in love again, maybe I won't. I'm not seeking it out or running from it." Mary squeezed John's hand and sighed softly. "I think the biggest barrier is the fact that anyone who dared to fall in love with me would have to accept the fact that I'm still in love with Sean, that I will always be in love with Sean, and no other love that might enter my life can change that. It's a big ask for most people."
in love with me."
"I called her after I called you," Sherlock muttered, his gaze still fixated on the computer. "Didn't I tell you?"
John held his grandson while Sherlock scooped thick mucus out of the child's mouth, and pinched its arm. The child wailed, and the adults breathed a collective sigh of relief.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and 'hmmed' doubtfully, but declined to make any further comment.
Sherlock could see that she meant it, even so he felt compelled to add, "I always keep my promises." This was said not so much to assure Nikki, but to remind himself that he had promised to stay away from John Watson. With most people he would have left it at that, but with Nikki, Sherlock felt the need to add, "It's for the best that Dr. Watson and I no longer meet." Most people lacked discretion, but Nikki's disposition, and her home life had made her particularly receptive to this kind of message. She nodded, and for the first time, dared to reach out and take Sherlock's hand in hers, giving it a squeeze. She didn't understand his situation, but she would be discreet, and on top of that, she felt
The barest hint of a smile flickered on the edges of Sherlock's lips. "I know."
about his life be normal? "She must be good," he murmured, his head spinning.
Marcus squeezed his hand. "I have an early morning meeting to facilitate, but check out isn't until 11:00am. You have plenty of time to enjoy the sinfully large tub in the bathroom. I'm jealous."
"I dunno," John replied. "I think you and Mycroft have ruined me on that point forever."
They hadn't really planned this, the first time it had happened, but since then it had become an unspoken tradition whenever they could get away to share lunch in the park. John liked it. It was so nice to be part of a team instead of being the only one holding everything together. James was just about the only uncomplicated thing in his life right now, and John was grateful for it.
fancy anyone." He shook his head in disbelief, "Even if he did, he would have the damndest way of showing it."
John didn't get angry often, but when he did he was a force to be reckoned with.
Sherlock's lips quirked up into a smirk. "That's what they tell me."
The bed creak as Sherlock stood.  He walked around the bed, knelt by John's head and handed him a glass of water from the nightstand.  "Rinse, then take a small sip," he instructed.  John obeyed, grateful to clean his mouth out.  John spit into the bucket then took a small sip of water.  He hoped this one would stay down.
moping on the sofa," Greg pressed on.
John felt a flush of embarrassment creeping up his neck, but his glower never wavered. "Irritating me is not going to get you out of dinner," he insisted.
John bit back a growl as he felt Sherlock lose himself in sensation, aware of the depth of trust and feeling necessary to motivate such actions. Sherlock had been running from his biology for so long, and he had still chosen to give himself to John.
," Sherlock had replied, tucking his head in the crook of John's shoulder and letting out a contented sigh, "
"Did you and Victor finish school together?" John asked, wondering if Sherlock and Victor had stayed in touch. If they had it was probably through e-mails or texts, because Sherlock's work had obviously become the all-consuming force in his life.
Mary was giving him that thoughtful look again, and John didn't like it. He'd done nothing to contribute to his own misfortune. He didn't speak up, however, instead choosing to believe that Mary was thinking of her late husband. She had never talked about the details of Sean's death, and John hadn't pressed. Perhaps, under the right circumstances it could have been preventable.
"Endlessly," Sherlock agreed, thumbing through the menu with more than his usual energy.
"You can go to sleep if you're tired," Laurali's voice was quiet and breathy with sleep. John glanced down to find her blinking up at him. "If you're tired, you should rest," she repeated. She glanced away for a moment, then added, "I have nightmares sometimes; I can sleep somewhere else if I'll bother you."
"Just tell me or stop me if I'm not helping," John murmured as his fingers slipped into Sherlock's dark curly locks. Sherlock 'hmmed' softly, leaning into the gentle touch. John smiled as he worked, glad to be able to ease his friend's pain. The repetitive motions were soothing and it wasn't long before John felt himself grow drowsy, but he pressed on until Sherlock's breathing was the deep even rhythm of sleep.
John chuckled darkly, "How about you tell me what you already know."
John remembered feeling sick the first time he had witnessed CPR on a patient. Everything about the situation, the sharp stoic orders issued by the attending, the cracking of ribs, and the rapid compression of the rib cage, spoke of the seriousness of the moment; a life hung in the balance. That patient had not made it, and John remembered empathizing with the doctor who had to make the call; there was no harder call to make.
"Yes," John snapped, crossing his arms over his chest. "There are safer ways to analyze things."
A sick, cold feeling settled in John's stomach alongside a growing sense of unease. It was almost too convenient... Sherlock had been working a case he wouldn't tell him about, just as a system it would probably take a genius to foul up goes wrong in just the right way to separate them...
John rested his head in his hands as his self control deserted him, and he dissolved into helpless laughter.
John smiled knowingly at that sentence. What this man really missed where the people he just mentioned; missed them desperately, but was too proud to admit it.
John nodded grimly and stood. "When I come back you need to be out from under that blanket." He turned and silently mounted the stairs to his room. Once there he turned on his light and gathered the things that he needed, placing the items on his neatly made bed.
"It's a big decision," John murmured. "I don't think waiting until morning will result in anything irrevocable." He started to pull away and Sherlock surged forward, grasping frantically at John's shirt.
"You're limp was really bad when you walked in, but you never asked for a chair when you stood there; it was like you'd forgotten about it. That means the limp is at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatizing. Your shoulder opposite the one supporting you on the cane was unusually tense and close to your neck, implying injury or muscle strain of some kind. Ergo you were hit, most likely in the shoulder and the trauma of that injury transferred some weakness to your legs. Where does an army doctor get himself a suntan and wounded in action these days?"
"Our arrangement is working as planned, is it not?" Sherlock asked, settling a prickly John into his seat before taking his own. "You've been a helpful distraction, and your blog is gaining hits every day."
It was a dimly lit room with a solid concrete floor that was barren except for a fine coating of sand. The sand, Sherlock deduced was probably tracked from the fighting ring, which should be closer to the center of the large space. Sherlock could easily hear the shifting and snarling of the dogs in their cages as they entered. The barking that followed echoed around the large space menacingly.
"Let's see if anyone's still alive up there," Sherlock murmured.
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
"I'm going to go into heats now," Sherlock murmured softly, his eyes still closed. Sleep was creeping over him.
John immediately perked up. This was information he
John's expression hardened menacingly, and his gaze slowly turned to take in Frederick, who finally looked properly chagrined. "They told me you had relapsed, that you were in a coma." John thrust an accusatory finger at Frederick, "
A fleeting smile flew over John's face. He was grateful for the compliment, but a lot of what had kept him fit and focused over the last few years was gone… John felt his chest tighten, then took a breath. Sherlock was gone and to him the loss was devastating, but he would have to talk about it sooner or later. He'd become too well known as Sherlock's companion. Still, he didn't want, no...
Sherlock, for the moment, seemed quite content to be confined with John. They had spent a great deal of time talking this past month, catching up, and establishing the relationship they always should have had. This 'death' had left them both scarred in more ways than one.
"I take it not all of them are dead," Sherlock replied, "Or you would not have assassins at your door."
"Sherlock?" he asked," eyeing the wreck of a phone at his flatmate's feet.
Some days he felt strong and sure, that he'd be able to figure out the whole truth of what had happened and honor Sherlock's memory in doing so. And then there were days like today... Days when he stared out at the rain and missed Sherlock until he couldn't see straight.
there! With other people Sherlock would make a game of observing their emotions and how he could manipulate them. He would hold his stare for five more seconds and this person would look away, put the right amount genuine sounding concern in his voice, and Lestrade would relent on Sherlock's plans when normal common sense would preclude such an action. But it wasn't a game with John, it was distracting!
As always, the case in this chapter is based on a cannon Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Sherlock story, feel free to guess which one!
Sherlock wriggled desperately to free himself from the ventilation shat. …Neutral snow... train… He didn't have enough evidence to conclusively know it was John, but now that the suspicion was in his mind it rattled around inciting something close to panic. John could not be here, not now, it was too dangerous.
"Well, I have been working with the beasts since I was a child. My father got me into the business," Mr. Werner explained, having the audacity to look pleased. He didn't even have the common sense to see the insult.
"Play," Sherlock commanded, and without any hesitation the woman before them set her case down on the ground and lifted her instrument out of it. She settled the violin on her shoulder, lifted the bow, and began playing the very first song in Swan Lake. She stood perfectly straight while her arms twisted and bent for the music. She never made any effort to stop, and Sherlock suspected she would have run through the entire performance if he required it.
Sherlock's arms had come around John with a strength that had always surprised the good doctor. "I love you too, John," Sherlock's baritone voice rumbled in John's ear, no longer a figment of his imagination.
She leaned forward and patted his knee sympathetically. "Moving in together is always an adjustment," she replied, "No matter how long you've been seeing each other beforehand."
Marcus reached forward and opened one of the ornate wooden doors, gesturing for Sherlock to step inside. Sherlock began to move into the room, turning towards Marcus to murmur, "Send my regards to Mycroft," as he did so. Marcus winked and nodded in such an easy fashion that Sherlock couldn't tell if he actually knew Mycroft, which was possible, or just Mycroft's team. He knew someone connected to Mycroft, even if he didn't have the privilege of knowing that he knew them. Everyone with a position of actual power did.
with that time: he solved cases.
Greg shook his head in disbelief. "It's very lucky for Miss. Reynolds that someone did; she'd have died without you, you know."
John shrugged even though he knew she couldn't see him. "As well as could be expected."
The sympathy returned to those warm brown eyes. "He's that difficult to work with?"
John crossed his arms. "Then why did you?"
Injury
Even now it would take a decade for him to start failing significantly, but this was his absolute last chance to stop and change course without risking permanent damage. Sherlock had monitored his reactions very carefully, and he was already dancing on the threshold of destruction..
basic comforts. He still wouldn't trust most of the kitchen, for all his trying, but his bedroom was his own, and the living room, aside from the area of Sherlock's desk, now held a tolerable assortment of bric-a-brac which John had corralled into manageable stacks and piles. It wasn't what he wanted, but it was
Sherlock waivered for a moment when he was confronted with the sheer amount of data the personnel files contained. He had known what he was getting into, that relevant data would have to be, for the most part, hand counted, as the indicators of a potential murderers were not charted or documented so thoroughly as deaths and the causes thereof. There had been nothing solid in this case to indicate foul play, and his time was too valuable to waste.
he would be dealing with an international incident. When, inexplicably, there hadn't been one, he'd called on Sherlock. Because Sherlock hadn't returned his calls in over two decades, any visits they had were the result of kidnapping or, more commonly, breaking and entering.
Mr. Miller glanced first at Sherlock, then at John, then back at Sherlock. He smoothed down his thinning hair, then looked back at John with worried grey eyes. "Mr. Holmes spoke very highly of you as his associate, Dr. Watson. He said we couldn't begin until you were here." He looked down, then back up at John.
The cabbie shook his head and locked up his car. "People will need help," he insisted, and started trotting off towards the station. John growled in irritation, but pressed on.
Molly no longer had romantic feelings for him, Sherlock had known that for a year. She didn't hate him either, but there was a low level resentment that left her terse and direct. Sherlock had been grateful for that, it simplified things. ...She had never stabbed him before though...she was angry...
It had only been a week since his last case, as short as it was, but he'd had plenty of experiments to keep him occupied, and nothing to distract him from them. He would need a case soon, but they came in regularly these days, so he wasn't concerned. He leaned towards the microscope once more, then leaned back again, rubbing his eyes. They were dry and irritated. Sherlock reached back to the kitchen drawer just to the left of the sink and pawed around for saline solution which he had kept there... but he didn't find it. Instead he felt only neatly organized utensils.
They walked together to the very back of the room, to a corner well hidden from the door. There was a simple folding table and chair, and on the center of the table, facing the wall, was a single black laptop.
The good doctor smiled as he slid down on the sofa and pulled the blanket down from off the back, making himself comfortable. He knew Sherlock hadn't been asking
Ms. Adeline leaned towards the world's only consulting detective, warming to his practiced charm. "I do wish everyone had your perspective, Mr...?"
"Are you alright?" Mrs. Aster asked, frowning with concern.
Ms. Wallingford placed her hand in the crook of Sherlock's arm and he lead her from the room before her brothers could properly form a protest. Lestrade met them outside and ushered them into another room five doors down and to the left.
Sherlock looked again at the bottle in his hand. If this was a crucial piece of evidence, then it was not the Narcan it declared itself to be. He steeled himself, then looked back at John. "What is it?" Sherlock knew his voice was still too soft. He wasn't obvious, John wasn't likely to notice, but Mary already had…
John forced himself to drink some tea, even if he spilled a bit because his hands were shaking again. He couldn't look at that possibility right now; he wasn't sure he'd
His sister's arm flailed behind her in a feeble attempt to dissuade him, or maybe the delirium tremens was getting worse… She needed a medically managed detox,
Sudden movement from the street below caught John's attention. A man in an expensive and immaculately tailored suit was stepping out of a shimmering black Bentley. John's chest wrenched painfully when he realized that the timing of Mycroft's delivery of this last letter was no happy accident; Mycroft had been waiting around for him in that stupid car so that he could deliver the letter in person as soon as John arrived home. He might even have had something to do with John getting off work early.
John rolled his eyes and snorted with derision. "Sorry, we simple minded humans are sentimental from time to time."
John nodded. "Just fine, Mrs. Aster."
Mike frowned again, but nodded. "There's this fellow I know. I met him when the Yard was investigating the murder of one of my patients. He works with the Yard, well, shows them up would be more accurate. They were still getting a case profile together when he'd pegged her brother for her murder. Damned if the forensic evidence didn't point right to him too, once the Yard had the lab results back."
John hadn't started speaking yet, he'd meant to, but he was wrestling with his own demons. Seeing Sherlock again was different than he thought it would be. He was still angry, still hurt, but most of his present anger wasn't because of what Sherlock had done, but because of his own concern which had risen sharply when he saw the state Sherlock was in. Sherlock had always been thin, but he was nearly gaunt now, and his face had lost almost all of its color. John's first impulse had been to check Sherlock's blood pressure and order a feast from the curry shop on the corner... but that wasn't what he'd come here for. Sherlock's wellbeing shouldn't be John's concern anymore; Sherlock had made it abundantly clear he didn't
"Miss?" Lestrade asked Susan as he stepped closer, grateful that Sherlock was blocking their view of her boyfriend and most of the rest of the crowd. Whatever was going on, the woman in front of him was terrified. Lestrade was rapidly coming to the conclusion that this woman was at the center of whatever Sherlock had stuck his nose into this time. If he was going to get any answers from her, however, he needed to help her calm down. "Is your name Susan?"
"Why now?" Sherlock asked, bringing his hands together in front of his chin and peering critically at their client. "Her mother must have been dead for... five years or so?"
people. He was more than capable of doing so again... and yet... Sherlock let his head loll onto his shoulder so that he could take in the man before him more directly. If the ex-army doctor were any more livid, he'd risk giving himself a stroke, but he wouldn't actually hurt Sherlock... He probably wouldn't even break any of Sherlock's property. A man of integrity... Did such people really exist anymore? Apparently so. This was...interesting.
Ms. Wallingford peeked up at him from beneath her long black hair, her brown eyes sparkling in amusement even as her face remained impassive.
"No, no, no, no, no. Damn it, Sherlock," John muttered to himself in a chant, scrambling down the scaffolding at a breakneck speed. He hit the bottom so hard he rolled wincing as something sharp pressed against the old wound in his shoulder. Sherlock's prone form was feet from him then, stretched out beside James's broken one. John rushed over the uneven ground that separated them and took Sherlock's face in his hands. "Sherlock," John breathed, his heart leaping when Sherlock's eyelids fluttered.
Sherlock and John meet again...
"Which meant you wouldn't either," Mary supplied helpfully.
Harriet had relapsed again. Badly enough that she had possibly had a seizure and been rendered unconscious.
Sherlock huffed a put upon sigh, not even bothering to turn his head. "I've never put on any pretence. Are you finished being tedious?" Sherlock crossed his arms, subtly fingering the hidden syringe. "Some of us have
John, who had finally reached the coffee table, reached up and tugged on Sherlock's sleeve. "Sherlock," he said, a bit loudly, "Sherlock, come on, get down. Pushing yourself is one thing, but this...this isn't healthy."
as emotions twisted around inside his chest. He was angry, fucking livid at Mycroft...but even John had seen the writing on the walls about his friends taking action... Fuck. He could deal with that
"I'm going to need your statement," Lestrade said quietly, glancing into his car where Susan was seated, and then at the grocery bag Sherlock was still holding. "But it can wait until tomorrow."
safe to test for blood by putting something in your mouth. That woman could have any number of blood borne pathogens you don't know about."
with these kinds of conversations.
The guards nodded solemnly, and Sherlock disappeared with the two orderlies around the corner. The elevator ride that followed was quick and silent. Sherlock followed the orderlies closely through three more hallways before they came to one that was quiet and otherwise unoccupied. Now was probably the best chance they were going to get.
"I'd hardly call any autopsy
"My work."
More shuffling and the sound of hushed voices reached Sherlock's ears, then a muffled curse. "Spread out, we know it's not far now."
Mycroft's continued silence rankled and John strode irritably to the windows of the sitting room, glaring out into the night. Mycroft had eyes everywhere and, right now, this was the closest he could come to staring down the elder Holmes brother.
Everyone deserved love. Love, just as with other good intention, could be twisted out of all reason and proportion. But, more often than not, John had seen it motivate people to bring forth the best of themselves, for all the right reasons.
Sherlock and John shook the snow from their coats and hung them on the rack by the door. The roads had been clear so they'd made good time from their small home in Sussex. It was the same home that Mummy and Father Holmes (Evelyn and Elijah) had occupied while they still lived. Sherlock still tended his father's garden of poisonous plants, and he'd added his own collection of bee hives. The bees were currently housed in their massive greenhouse for the winter.
John nodded. "Thank you. I look forward to hearing back from you."
Sherlock arched an eyebrow and loomed over John, but the ex-army doctor would not be cowed. "I mean it. Nothing in our deal said that I would get arrested for you."
try to warn you of the dangers back when this all began, John."
Mr. Murphy's fingers faltered over the keyboard, but just for a moment. He did go through the trouble of frowning and looking at Sherlock. "No, why would you have?"
John sighed in exasperation and prepared to do the same. He faltered when he peered over the edge. There was no stairway on this side... Sherlock was sliding dangerously fast down a
"Wait!"
Susan Wolfram immediately paled, but struggled to recover herself with a wan smile. "Y-yes," she agreed, her color returning quickly. John doubted that she had even seen Sherlock the night before, so she couldn't have recognized him.
"I believe you could tolerate my commentary on Black Adder, season 2."
"What is it?" John asked, stepping forward. He'd finally managed to make himself look about the room again, only to find Sherlock focusing intently on the book he was holding. "What have you found?"
"Yes," Sherlock breathed, despite himself. He never would have come this far if he didn't.
"No," Sherlock assured him, pulling John down for another kiss with his free hand. John rocked against Sherlock then, swallowing a gasp as he pulled partway out, and then pushed back inside. John kept an even, unhurried pace, reveling in the feel of Sherlock against him, and every small gasp and moan. Sherlock writhed under him, alternately pressing his head back into the pillows and pushing up against John for a messy, wild kiss.
Mary leaned against John's shoulder and shook with laughter. "Are you sure?" She asked between little gasping breaths. "I think I'd almost like to see you try."
Sherlock barked out a humorless laugh and didn't bother to answer. What good would apologizing do now? He had acted, John had responded. There was no going back, not from this…
"hmm. And that's the real problem isn't it?
He felt the cold air of oncoming winter hit him as he stepped outside the shop and forced himself to observe the people passing by. It had been many years since he'd practiced his skills on people in the street; the last time had been part of a contest Mycroft and he had played as children, but in that moment he was willing to grasp onto anything that would bring back a sense of control.
Sherlock sent him a withering glare. "Their reporting of the frequency and quantity of persons who jump off this particular bridge for the sole purpose of ending their life is completely accurate, and utterly irrelevant. However, the death they are using to trump up their paper sales is
Lauren continued to stare Sherlock down for a long moment before moving forward once more. He stepped aside to allow her to pass. When she returned the cat and the bird were gone. Instead she held the leash to an elderly looking beagle, whom John assumed must be 'Toby.'
His elderly landlady poked her head into the flat with her usual friendly smile, which wavered slightly when she noticed the increased disorder of the flat. "I just wanted to remind you the rent is due, dear."
"Yes, and your patient was not the first." Sherlock couldn't help himself, he knew it was a bad idea for so many reasons, but he looked back at John anyway. His former flatmate was turning a bright shade of red and rapidly preparing to shout at him. Sherlock wasn't intimidated by the thought, but shouting would only make John's headache worse. "The first case I worked after…" Sherlock coughed and shifted in his seat. He needed to focus. He adopted what John had dubbed his 'thinking pose.' "It was a man named Mr. Wallingford. He owned a prominent investment banking firm that recently underwent a massive reorganization."
of Sherlock's excuses. His smile stayed defiantly in place. "What was his name?"
"Only by reputation," the stranger replied with a warm smile. "I know he works with the Yard sometimes, and he used to be at St. Bart's morgue quite frequently. We never ran into each other, though."
Sherlock gestured to the letter. "It's not good news."
she still married? Was she married
The instant the fire alarms rang out, Sherlock began to move, tracing the movements of the little red dot on the screen of his phone. Mycroft would be cross that Sherlock had stolen some of his new toys, but that was tomorrows' problem. Ms. Adeline was rapidly heading back stage. He paused in a small alcove, letting the throngs of people rush past him to calculate the quickest way to outmaneuver her. He spent the night memorizing blueprints of the theater, and so the route was easy to plot. Pocketing his phone, he took off at a sprint. After a few hastily picked locks he was in the corridor beside the stage, surrounded by long black curtains. It was highly improbable that Adeline would come directly past him, given the route she'd begun, and even if she did there was no shortage of cover. He would never be noticed.
John lay half on Marcus, heedless of the slick mess between them, nuzzling his neck. A slow, satisfied smile spread itself over Marcus's face. "That, was fantastic," he murmured, pressing a soft kiss to John's cheek.
He jumped half out of his skin when the firm grip of a hand seized his good shoulder. John turned wide-eyed and tried not to look too disappointed when he came face to face with Greg Lestrade.
an invitation, Sherlock!"
"Love forgives, Sherlock," Mrs. Hudson pressed on, undeterred. "Or at least it can if you fight for it."
The world's only retired consulting detective flashed his husband a grin, then tore off down the stairs. John smiled ruefully, pulled to door shut, and rushed after the loves of his life.
Sherlock looked away and frowned towards the front of the cab. "That's not what people normally say."
"Did I ever tell you, Sherlock, that they put me in charge of the injured omegas on the battle field?" John's voice was still rumbling faintly with agitation, but for the most part it was soft and reflective.
James pushed himself up from the table and clapped his hands together lightly. "Well, if you don't mind waiting around for a bit I'd be happy to take you to the pub around the corner when I'm finished with this autopsy."
John lounged in his chair at 221 B, perfectly happy for the first time in over three years. Sherlock was home, and everything was right with his world, or getting there anyway.
John wasn't certain if this lunatic was trying to frighten him or entice him. John was well aware of the fact that he enjoyed the thrill of danger a bit more than was healthy for him. That side of him wanted nothing more than to reply,
Sherlock swallowed. He was
Trigger warning: CPR and patient death described.
John rolled his eyes before fixing Sherlock with an exasperated glare. "Shut up you."
away, Lestrade," Sherlock complained. "
John nodded his agreement. "I only make people call me doctor or captain as a point if I'm angry."
A moment of tense silence passed before John's features twisted with distaste. "Typical, you're not even dressed." Technically inaccurate, Sherlock was dressed in his night clothes and robe, as he had been so many times before when John was still part of the comings and goings of 221 B…
Once the money had been pulled from his accounts John had felt a bit guilty for following up on things so closely. Either he trusted Mary or he didn't, and if he didn't he had no business living with her. John suspected part of his reticence was simply the fact that Mary was not Sherlock and after living so long with one person anything different, no matter how welcoming, felt…wrong. That knowledge galled him, but only time would change things.
Mr. Murphy stood abruptly, toppling the chair he had been sitting in. "How dare you?!" His voice was indignant, but not raised so sharply that they were likely to be overheard outside the office. "I love my wife!"
"I would call her, but I wouldn't visit her," Sherlock murmured.
"Oh." That 'oh' made him want to cringe all over again; it was filled with pity, sympathy, concern, and every other emotion that Sherlock currently found suffocating. He didn't wait for any further comment; he strode forward into 221 B and shut the door behind him. The comments would stop eventually. It was human nature, a subject he prided himself on being an expert of.
We always hurt the ones we love...
John smiled his thanks, opened the file, and read. It be gain the coroner's report.
more to Sherlock, John seriously doubted that the world's only consulting detective could be happy, he would be too alone…
tempting, and Sherlock was concerned that he was just selfish enough to listen to them… So, when he'd recognized the signs of an impending visit, he'd left. Mycroft could have made it more difficult for him, but both brothers had learned by now that it was best not to corner each other…that only ever ended in disaster.
John's smile was undeterred. His thumb had begun rubbing soothing circles into the skin beneath it. "You're not as much of an ass as you'd like people to think. You like to go on about being a high functioning sociopath. Thing is, sociopaths aren't born that way. I've done the research. Sociopaths often start out as very caring people and are made the way they are because of how
That was obvious. The slight discolorations around her fingers declared her to be an artist, probably a painter. She wouldn't have done the family portraits, naturally, that was always a commissioned project, and her work was likely a good deal less formal. The higher ups in the family probably hoped to have her quietly married off soon.
. The whole thing was becoming unbearably
Sherlock strolled down the corridor at the same easy pace he had used when walking behind Bryan. When he arrived back at the sitting room Bryan had both hands braced against the mantel piece and was glowering furiously at the embers burning there. Mrs. Wallingford, who had been leaning towards her eldest son, speaking quietly with him, turned and gasped when she saw the small cut on Sherlock's cheek. She whirled immediately on her son.
. "Life certainly goes on, doesn't it?" he mused.
Mary chuckled, leaning her head against her knees for a moment. "He sounds like a prime candidate for Mystery Science Theater 3000."
Molly hesitated for a long moment; so long that John thought she would tell him to leave. She had every right to. This was technically illegal, and he wasn't about to badger and manipulate her like Sherlock always had. At last she nodded, and reached her hand out for the bag. "Okay."
Hello once again gentle readers! ^_^ I do apologize for the delay in posting this chapter, a nasty summer cold knocked me out for a week. _ But now I am back, and I hope to keep a regular every other week to once a week posting schedule, with allowances made for general life distractions and one wedding (that's not till November though).
John edged in front of Mary and opened the door for her, holding out a hand to help her into the cab. She chuckled, arching an eyebrow at him, but accepted his help all the same.
Frederick knelt to collect the chart with practiced calm, and began to speak once more. "She's been classified as comatose for the moment, but we are still well within the window for a full recovery, and her brain waves are very promising."
Sherlock hummed in satisfaction, opening his throat and taking John deeper. He'd never fellated anyone, true, but he'd had a small stint swallowing swords during a case, so the sensation was not unfamiliar to him. It was, however, easier and more enjoyable with John as opposed to a sword, especially because of the
"I'd like to use some lube, if you don't mind," John murmured, easing back slightly so that his hands stroked over Sherlock's stomach.
John paused at the foot of the stairs. Sherlock was still brooding by the windows, shrouded in his long dark Belstaff, wearing it like some sort of personal armor. John took a deep, slow breath, in and out, forcing control over muscles that quivered in pain and uncertainty. One step at a time.
"John?" Sherlock's voice brought him back to the moment, long elegant fingers pressing against his cheek. "What is it?"
other explanations, surely."
John nodded in understanding, amazed. This deduction also explained why Sherlock had put dirt in his mouth; he was probably testing for the coppery tang of blood…though that was a considerable health risk. What did he really know about this woman? She could have any number of blood borne pathogens that he did not have enough information to deduce.
"You don't seem that upset," Harry replied, confused.
"Right, say 'hi' to Greg and the kids for me," John replied. "Make sure Alex keeps that foot elevated."
~*~*~*~
Sherlock blinked, his vision violently blurring, tears falling onto the hand that still held John's old cane, the only part of him he'd left behind.
letter in his hands. John would know that stationary anywhere. "Why are your rifling through
Irene nodded. "Exactly."
John's face had crumpled with sympathy. Sherlock, naturally, observed this, and because he found such sentiment oppressive, he rushed to complete his story. "He did inherit a good portion of his family's money, when his father fell ill and died a year later. Most likely his father's pre-existing heart condition was aggravated by the stress of his past."
"She's, um, she's not actually my lover either," came a soft voice from the sofa where clients usually sat. "Secret or otherwise."
"She's an excellent nurse, but... what?" John sighed. "What is it now? What am I missing?"
Still shaking with repressed laughter, Sherlock gestured at the papers Johns still held. "Mr. Trevor Senior, had been a doctor for the majority of his adult life. By the time I met him, he had retired, but Victor had told me of his career many times. Even for a doctor he had retired early. They lived a seemingly middle class lifestyle, yet Victor went to a prestigious University with no student loans or financial aid. Also, the books I had seen the day we met were new, not used. Projecting Victor's family's likely income, they still wouldn't be able to live
"What the
Reading the last few lines he had written, John though again about how entrenched Sherlock was in his life...even now. John hadn't dated since the fall. He had a creeping recognition that, perhaps, he wouldn't
Leaning over his ill flatmate, John hooked an IV bag to a nail which protruded from the wall above the sofa, and unraveled the tube. John knelt beside him and held up his one good silk tie. "I thought you might want this, to help block out the light."
"John," Marcus moaned softly, "Now, John, fuck me!"
Sherlock hummed in satisfaction, using his grip on John's hips to tug him forward, then back again. John let him, leaning over to brace his hands on the bed, needing something to hold onto. Sherlock felt his throat stretch to accommodate John's cock and hummed softly, surprisingly happy to have John's cock inside him.
Sherlock sputtered for a moment, then his face cleared. "You didn't want to cut the head off the snake, you wanted me to help you replace it.."
…but despite his gratitude at the reduced blood borne pathogens risk… he did miss it, and everything else about Sherlock.
Mr. Walker pressed on, either oblivious or uncaring of Nichole's emotional distress. "We can't leave the chair empty with so many important performances coming up. And we wouldn't
"It usually is," Mary agreed, "This is a more modern ending, but I'm happy they chose this one. Life isn't always a happy ending, but I think people make their own tragic endings far more often than is strictly necessary."
, too fast.
my identification as a Detective Inspector, is
"Hence the appeal of an accident and emergency hospital?" Eric asked, gesturing with his hand as if to indicate the building they were in.
"I'm still going to work cases," Sherlock insisted, not quite looking at John.
"The smell," Mark explained thrusting his chin at John's glass. "People always go on and on about how wine's smell unique, beers do too."
"And you think they might be having an affair; in this together to rid themselves of the now troublesome husband," Sherlock drawled as if he were bored.
you would try this, you despicable man!" Anna, or the look-alike Anna was wailing. "God, this is my
John nodded and continued stirring. About three minutes later, Mary was beside him again, taking the spoon out of his hands.
flat now, not just Mary's. John had insisted that he sign a rental agreement since Mary actually
Adjusting the coat one last time, Sherlock pushed open the door of the laundry and stepped briskly out into the hallway. He held his phone up as he walked, furiously hacking the internal network for the Holloway Sanatorium as well as pulling up and reviewing the blue prints for the buildings on campus. There were very few places that weren't monitored regularly, and Sherlock knew his misdirection wouldn't last forever. Someone would wise up at some point and there would be a chase; he had to have his exit route planned in advance.
Laurali opened the door of 221 B Baker Street and smiled warmly at her parents. "Dad! Papa! Welcome! Come in, come in, it's freezing outside."
John flipped to the last page of the file studied the death certificate, his heart sinking a bit when he saw
Forcing his mind back to the task at hand, John wrote a check for the correct amount and handed it to Nikki.
"Right, so we're leaving then?" John asked, tugging his own jacket down, and following close behind his crazy flatmate.
John blinked and realized that he had been. "I'm sorry I didn't realize," John began, slightly embarrassed.
John opened his mouth, caught himself on the verge of saying, 'Anything for you, Harry,' and instead changed it to, "You're welcome." He would do anything for his sister, and he also needed to learn not to come to her rescue when she didn't really need it. "Work hard in group."
"That was close," he whispered, trying and failing not to grin as he looked back at Sherlock.
at the prone women before him. The chart immediately slipped from his grasp, clattering loudly on the floor, and his jaw fell open slightly with shock and horror.
John opened the door and slipped inside the flat, smiling when he smelled dinner cooking. That would never have happened at 221 B unless Mrs. Hudson had brought them something.
John had hesitated at the question. Sherlock didn't normally ask, he was in the habit of demanding.
A sudden chill ran down John's spine. Had Sherlock considered their arrangement to be a case, only instead of unraveling a puzzle he had been trying to convince another person, John, of a certain way of thinking? Sherlock convinced people of his rationale and evidence for a case all the time, he made it look easy, as though there was no other way of looking at things. Their little war of perspective had many of those same principles, it was simply a more complex and pervasive argument. Would Sherlock really have treated this like a case...?
Sherlock gasped and rocked back against John while his fingers slipped between their bodies, undoing the buttons of their trousers. Sherlock began to ease himself out of his own trousers, delayed only by John's hands, which slid over Sherlock's pants and kneaded the rounded flesh beneath them. Sherlock cried out softly and rocked between John's body and his hands, lost in sensation for a moment.
Sherlock glanced at his hand, licking it to clear the blood and slow the bleeding before slapping the plaster over it. He'd spent his time between the crime scene and the body trying to arrange a meeting with Mr. Wallingford's business associates. The lateness of the hour hadn't mattered; business was conducted at all hours around the world. He had managed to force his way onto the schedule of Mr. Wallingford's Vice President, Richard Murphy. Standing, Sherlock adjusted his suit and strode out of the lab.
Sherlock felt uncomfortable with John's hands still on him, so he stepped away. "Professional liability, I'm afraid."
Sherlock smiled brightly, cupped John's face and whispered, "I love you too. Let's go
John smiled, grateful. "Thank you. I have a feeling I'll need to take you up on that to keep my sanity."
As they made their way down the steps John frowned at the early dusk that was a sure sign of winter's rapid approach. Harriet would be getting out soon, and all of this would be over. Her graduation was just ten days away... John had managed to buy train tickets for himself so that he could be there for the ceremony. Harry hadn't been clear where she wanted to live, so John had made arrangements with Mrs. Hudson to rent her basement apartment while they sorted things out. Everything was in order...
It was a long, agonizing wait. John knew the testing was extensive, and that it would take time. It wasn't that he wasn't prepared for the wait, it was that each minute, each second seemed unnaturally long, and each moment was filled with doubt.
John realized that he still hadn't spoken. He licked his lips, an old nervous habit, and straightened. Yes, he was in love with Sherlock, desperately in love with him, but all he was asking for was his friendship. He'd made no demands of Sherlock, asked for nothing that Sherlock couldn't give. "What does that have to do with me checking your injuries?"
"Yes, he's still here… You're welcome," Sherlock said, leaning over to hand the phone back to John.
~*~*~*~
The security camera was a harmless, if futile indulgence. Mycroft and Greg, on the other hand… Sherlock wasn't one to be told what to do, ever, but in this case the reconciliation they would no doubt push for
John paled. "Did they mention cremation?"
"And I can do a lot more than just observe, Mycroft!" Sherlock retaliated, and then gestured violently at the gift he had worked so hard on. "I built this whole bloody piano on my own! For
: Should Be
They surprised Susan and Ilia, the pair that Donovan had taken in for questioning the night before, in the garden. They were kneeling together by the flowerbeds, doing some weeding and talking in hushed voices. What really struck John wasn't that Susan was engaged in such a
"I did a cursory examination of the other administrators in the hospital and no one else came close to fitting the profile. No one else has the means he does, either. Apparently he's even taken great pains to be friendly with the staff here, an unusual trait for someone so high in administration. Have you ever seen him?"
"No matter what?" The counselors voice was still calm, and she seemed genuinely curious.
"We might not be able to identify the man who was shot by facial recognition, or dental records, but there is
John squinted at the picture. "Not really..."
DNA testing, and now that there is some doubt the police will have to test. The forensic team went through
help. Mycroft...well you know he has access to the best of everything."
James' face broke into a grin when he saw the ex-army doctor. "John!" He waved his friend over to the bench he already occupied. John nodded and trotted over.
John's eyes widened at the last word.
The moment Lestrade picked up Sherlock barked the address at him and hung up.
Sherlock nodded at the papers. "The son, George Clemons, grew up wild and reckless. He wasted money, abused drugs and alcohol, and, I was told, fathered five illegitimate children by the time he was twenty five. Victor's father discovered this when, two months after George's 'parents' had disowned him he secured these birth records in an attempt to uncover the truth, and to profit from it. The documents listed Victor's father as the attending at both births, and George was able to observe the truth. Two weeks later he delivered copies of these birth records and a threatening letter to Victor's father. He demanded a monthly income from the retired doctor that would bankrupt him in three years."
"You won't find those here, I'm afraid," came a soft voice from behind him.
"Harry, I'm calling an ambulance," he insisted.
Sherlock gets a little more than he bargained for.
Mary stopped mid turn and looked back at him. That annoying amused smile was back. "You're welcome."
Greetings everyone! Once again the case in this chapter is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Cannon, feel free to take I guess at the original, and I'll tell you if you're right. ^_^
Sherlock eased back from the kiss, presenting his neck to John again. John settled in, leaving a string of hickeys, claiming Sherlock's skin with his lips, tongue, and teeth. Sherlock's breathing faltered, his fingers gripping John's shoulders slightly. "Do it, John," he gasped.
Unable to defer his possessive instincts, John pulled back from the kiss and bit down at the juncture of Sherlock's neck and shoulder. It was a powerful, claiming bite, but not hard enough to break the skin. Sherlock moaned loudly, rocking more forcefully into John's hand, which had maintained a steady rhythm. John's tongue had just begun to lave Sherlock's abused skin when Sherlock breathed, "John, stop."
"Already done," Sherlock noted, looking over at John as they ran. "Someone's called in a few bomb threats, and there are several suspicious packages at each location. Could be William's work, could be something random. It's probably William. Your appearance, and his failed attempt to silence you may have forced his hand. These bomb threats have tied up a good deal of the yard, and Lestrade won't come without more evidence."
Every symptom Sherlock detected indicated something cataclysmic was brewing, at least in the eyes of Mr. Wallingford. Setting the video archives aside, Sherlock shifted his focus to business files. This laptop had not been Mr. Wallingford's work computer, but much of his work could be found here regardless. Just like the 'filing room' the computer held a thin veneer of normality, that Sherlock was itching to shatter.
John understood that. She understood that. Even so, understanding and change are not the same thing. His heart, for example, understood that there was still a chance for his sister, despite any logic his mind might provide to convince him otherwise. Harriet's fatal flaw mirrored his own. In her head she knew she was a worthwhile person with a lot to offer, but her heart had given up on those possibilities a long, long time ago. It was John's greatest hope that his sister's next treatment could reconcile both their minds and hearts.
The corners of Sherlock's lips twitched. "I'd like to see you try."
"It's fine," John assured him. "I just wanted to drop this off, before any further changes in scheduling." John held out the legal sized white envelope and Eric's face fell.
Sherlock glanced sidelong at Lestrade. "Has Mycroft put you up to this?"
"I think it went well," John said, "it's always hard to tell with these things."
Once Sherlock was dressed, John settled him on the bed with a light sheet over him (his fever didn't need any assistance) and disappeared into the bathroom. When he returned he set a small tray on the nightstand and seated himself on the edge of the bed. "Can you sit up?" he asked
They stood together and John moved around the chess board, reaching out his hand to Sherlock. "Good game," he murmured.
do you think you're doing?!" Mr. Werner shouted, bursting into the back garden, followed closely by Lestrade and John. "I agreed to an interview, not to have my house ransacked! My
John's mouth had barely dropped open before yet another text appeared.
"Yes, John," Sherlock cut him off, giving his hand a squeeze. "My illness is caused by a long-acting poison."
John sighed and closed his eyes. This felt good; so much better than tossing and turning in his bed, tormented by memories he wanted to forget. Not that this time with Mary made those memories go away, it didn't even make them less painful, but it was nice not to be alone.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed like an overdramatic teenager. Since John had learned he was ill, the ex-army doctor had made a point of enforcing meals and sleep on him. It was not oppressively often, but Sherlock was perplexed and frustrated that he allowed John to have his way so easily. It was never without protest, but even so, Sherlock had made a habit of giving in when John pressed this issue. He had never given into Mycroft so easily...
A slow, satisfied grin made itself known on Mary's features before she spoke again. "Also you can stop staring at me. I'm not your enemy."
person John wanted to see.
He should have expected the sting of the needle in his neck. Mycroft never traveled without henchmen, and after John had broken his nose, well, Mycroft Holmes didn't underestimate people twice.
A smile, with more joy than Sherlock had really expected, crept over John's face and he shook his head. "
Sherlock shrank back against the bins looking more fearful than irritated, which gave John pause. Sherlock had always been a terrible patient, but that was because of his impatience, not…whatever this was.
"Shirt off will probably give you a better grip, and a better idea of what you're working with," John replied, bringing Mary's attention back to the present as he sat in his chair, and removed his shirt, holding it in his lap. He'd never really talked about his injury with Mary but like most who knew him, she'd read his blog. John mused that, while he had spent some time trying to get to know Mary and build their friendship, there was very little of real importance in his own life that they'd discussed outright. They'd skirted around a few issues which Mary must have known about from his blog or simply inferred from what she did know about him. Mary and her flat were a retreat for now, but John knew he would have to confront the emotions and some of the people he was avoiding eventually. Though he never intended to see Sherlock again if he could help it.
"Want to see if it's on?" John asked, grabbing the remote.
Sherlock cringed and bit back a sarcastic comment about being a burglar. He glanced over his shoulder and called back, "Yes, Mrs. Hudson, I'm on a case."
Settling into his seat for the second half, John sighed and closed his eyes, trying to focus on the music, to see if he could hear the story through the music, despite all of his past failures to do so...vague themes made themselves known, but John was still grateful for his previous knowledge of the story.
"No," John agreed, "he isn't."
Silently, Mycroft thrust a thin, crumpled envelope into John's hands. The motion was so quick that John had to grasp tightly at the paper, lest he drop it into the hallway. Mycroft nodded jerkily, turned on his heel, and was gone.
John slowly opened his eyes and saw a flat chest sprinkled with dark, curly hair. He blinked and looked up to see Sherlock smiling down at him. Right, last night. It was slowly coming back to him. Sherlock had protected him. He'd done everything right and saved John from an uncomfortable trip to the hospital. John returned Sherlock's smile. "Good morning," he murmured.
There was a tedium in the rhythm of his days, but there was also a comfort there. He was neither rude, nor welcoming to Nikki, and yet she was persistently cheerful, thankful, and trusting towards him. She considered Sherlock to be a friend and Sherlock wasn't sure how to react. She would heal and resume her career, and they would likely never see each other again after that, and yet he could never muster the effort to point this out to her, so he let it be. It was what it was, and when it was over, there would always be more cases.
: Closer
Most people underestimated Marcus because he was charming and
John shifted his weight from one foot to the other, dubious. "Wouldn't this also be a distraction? Not to mention dangerous if he's in as deep cover as you say?"
John wasn't fooled in the slightest. He raised an accusatory eyebrow at his husband. "This is not the time to be making rash decisions, Sherlock."
James gave him a sympathetic smile and waved after him as he took off down the street.
Sherlock's gaze at last fell to the cumbersome medical boot that came up to just below John's left knee, and the crutches propped against the side of the bed. "Broken ankle?" he asked, raising his eyes to meet John's gaze.
John was gone, and Sherlock knew he was better off for it! The sooner he broke bad habits the better. Sherlock finished pulling his coat on with a rough flourish and practically leapt for the stairs.
"I know that," John insisted
John scoffed and crossed his arms, willing himself not to smile, because that would only encourage Sherlock. The amused smile shifted into a smirk and John knew he'd been found out anyway.
Sherlock scanned the bag in his hands, from Barts. John had been to see Molly, likely to have her examine this bottle. The label said Narcan, so John had been working with a patient who had overdosed last night, or was presumed to have overdosed. Something about the patient care had not gone as planned; the patient had to be dead. John had lost patient's before but the abnormalities must have made him suspicious enough to take this bottle to have it tested.
"Was there any quiet time between cases and experiments?" Mary asked, and John shuddered.
He'd wanted to wait and see if Sara could offer him more hours at first, but now, given all this time to think, it was apparent that keeping busy would be the best thing for John's mental state. John
"There's
They turned and looked at each other in the dim light of the street lamps, for night had fallen during their brief interview with Miss. Williams. "Come here," John said, reaching out his arms towards Sherlock's face.
Sherlock nodded. "Nothing will happen to Toby. His health will be my highest priority."
"And what about Harry?" John pressed, unable to restrain his curiosity.
"Greif is always something we are viewing through new eyes," the counselor replied, her voice soft and calm. "At one point in your life, you might feel at peace about the losses you've experienced, at another it might feel like it's happening all over again. Your best resource in coping with grief and loss is to understand that these fluctuations can happen, and that's okay. Everyone and every situation is different. It could be that your most intense period of mourning is right after the loss, or you might experience many intense cycles of mourning. Anniversaries of a specific event, and holidays are common triggers that might result in people re-examining the losses in their lives."
Sherlock straightened to meet Lauren's gaze. "You're the one who always says dogs are the best judge of character. Perhaps your judgment is off, and not his."
"Sherlock what are you-ah!" John grimaced as Sherlock forcefully kneaded his trembling calf muscle.
Sherlock," Lestrade continued firmly. "You can't break into the autopsy today, even
There was the sound of rushing feet in the hallway and John sagged in defeat. It was too late. By the time Lestrade and Anderson burst through the door and yelled, "New Scotland Yard! Hands where I can see them!" John had already turned towards them, his hands aloft, and his head down.
Most people do not realize, or do not often think of the fact that neck ties are tied with noose knots. John realized, and was damn well about to make use of one.
"She does have her mother's letters," the nobleman repeated firmly.
Sherlock blinked and looked down and slid a rook sideways. "Your move."
It was time.
Before he had properly gathered his thoughts, Sherlock was reaching for his phone and texting Mycroft. He hadn't tried to willingly contact his brother in years, but right now, he was the only one who might be able to help John. Given recent events, his sister's 'coma' was far too convenient to be anything other than a trap.
"Not now, John, I'm thinking."
~*~*~*~
"That poor woman," John murmured as Sherlock brushed sand away from the face, frowning.
She looked up at him with an understanding smile. "You're welcome." Once she had loosened his collar, Mary tilted John's head to the side and went to work. John felt the first wet dab of her makeup sponge before she asked. "Have fun?"
"What evidence?" Mr. Brenton and John chorused, though John sounded quite a bit calmer.
Sherlock opened the door to 221 and bounded up the steps. He was nearly inside his flat when Mrs. Hudson called up the stairs after him.
Mycroft had said he was injured...how badly? John's fingers twitched as he fought the urge to move them to his damaged shoulder in sympathy.
Harry asked, as she finished her recital of Sherlock's letter.
"Morphine." John's reply was clipped, but it was all Sherlock needed. This was the missing piece he'd been searching for, all those weeks ago.
"That's great Molly," John said flatly, then he found enough joy to force a semi-genuine smile. "I really think you two are good together, congratulations."
His legs carried him down streets, around corners, and, eventually, to the edge of a cemetery he'd not been to in three years. John halted at the gates, panting and shaking. At first, just after Sherlock's fall, John had thought it was their flat he couldn't handle, but that wasn't it. He couldn't stay away from the flat for too long, because it wasn't the memories of Sherlock's life which truly pained him. It was the memories of Sherlock's fall. It was the grave; the proof of a truth he could never fully accept.
"Sherlock," John admonished softly. He remained still, studying his flatmate's profile until Sherlock lifted his gaze once more. "You can tell me," John continued. "Whatever this is, you don't have to deal with it alone."
"Nothing is more frightening than the unknown," the counselor continued, scanning the room as she spoke, speaking to all the patients once more. "There's a reason why they never want to show you the monster in horror movies. Nothing is worse than what your own brain will come up with, when left to its own devices. If being a drunk or an addict has taken over your life, as is so often the case when addiction persists, it can be hard to remember ever being someone different. For some people, especially if they started young, it can feel like they never were anything else, like they never had the chance to be. When you're seeking recovery it can feel like your left behind, and everyone else has already figured out who they are."
John smiled and shook his head, thinking of Sherlock before he could stop himself. Reading on, he found the next section full of hesitation marks, as though Alexander had come back to this letter many times, trying to find his words.
instead of Sherlock when they needed to give statements, or when there was some tedious press conference or other such event that Sherlock would rather not waste his time attending. Even now, John was probably trying to run interference for him, sooth the temper of the affronted Mr. Werner. As if Sherlock need the help! He'd been solving cases perfectly well since primary school!
John smiled triumphantly, shaking his head at his Flatmate's stubborn nature. "What will you ever do without me?" he asked. It had been a joke, but Sherlock's reply was soft, and serious.
John lay on his back then and listened to the sounds of Sherlock cleaning the bucket out and replacing it.  He really was a good friend.  John would have to thank him when he was better.
"No, I came to send you on errands," Mrs. Hudson replied, pulling out a thin sheet of paper from her skirt pocket.
"Braindead," Sherlock breathed, his eyes falling closed as he tilted his face up, anticipating a kiss.
"As I said before, it was a busy night, particularly for labor and delivery. Victor's father was also overseeing the labor of a very young homeless woman, who had repeatedly protested that she would not, could not keep her baby. He went to check on her after speaking with Mr. Clemons and found her very near delivery. He helped her with the final effort, and as soon as the baby was out, he pronounced its breathing was distressed, cut the cord, and rushed it out of the room. He cornered a nurse who had just come out of surgery and demanded assistance.
"I love you, too," Sherlock murmured, still disbelieving. "Are you
"Christ, Sherlock you need an ambulance," John replied, removing one hand from Sherlock's face to search for his own phone. It was in his pockets somewhere, it had to be, he had
They ran through the hushed cemetery, towards the small gathering in the distance, Sherlock easily outpacing the good doctor with his long legs. John watched as the world's only consulting detective barreled through the small congregation, and strong-armed his way towards the coffin, wrenching it open.
John nodded, relieved, and nestled against Sherlock once more. "What do you want to do next?" he breathed against Sherlock's ear, watching gooseflesh blossom along the column of his neck.
Everyone had taken that particular turn of events badly, but Lestrade especially so. Not only did he have to contend with the lie of Sherlock's death, but he'd had to reconcile himself with the fact that Mycroft had
: A Friend in Dark Places
Sherlock cocked an arrogant eyebrow at him. "I'm not the one who just broke into this apartment."
Sherlock scowled, roughly jerked his arm out of Lestrade's grasp, and straightened his suit.
"Thank you, Marry. You didn't have to do that," John said, sipping the tea.
John steepled his fingers under his chin for a moment trying not to think of how much he was mirroring Sherlock at the moment. He needed to think, and this might be a good avenue to explore. If, in some alternate universe, Sherlock found himself in Alexander's shoes, what would John want someone to say to him? What would he want him to know?
John jogged up the familiar steps of 221B, smirking as his foot hit the creaky 9th step. He didn't realize it, but he was humming. Today had been a good day at the clinic. His patient's had been easy to treat, and personable to speak with. To top it all off, Sarah had told him to knock off early; it wasn't yet 4pm. As much as John enjoyed being productive, he enjoyed getting off early too; it was a rare treat.
"We've arrived gentlemen," Anthea murmured as the car gently came to a stop.
cases from time to time. I've mostly been collaborating with my brother, Mycroft. If you've read any of my cases his name might sound familiar.
Sherlock strode into the bistro and neatly took his seat at their table. He looked pale, even more so than normal, and John stiffened in his seat, wondering if his flatmate had been followed or attacked while he went to retrieve the blackmail material.
"So?" Sherlock muttered, isolating a few strips of the stained cloth, now free of particulate matter, and dunking them into some sort of solution.
"Where did you get this?" the second voice growled.
Mycroft's intellect and observation rivaled his own, but the idiot had devoted himself to politics, which meant that, even though he had known the truth before coming to Sherlock, he'd needed his little brother to do his dirty work for him.
Bailey grinned in a way that rankled, and John made a concentrated effort not to scowl. Bailey shrugged and went back to the lunch he'd been laying out for himself with a flippant, "Whatever you say, Watson."
"Did you know that the chef hand picks the mushrooms for his risotto from his personal garden?" Sherlock asked, casually draping a hand over John's free one. John's hand twitched in rebellion, and he tried to disguise the movement by turning it over to press his palm to Sherlock's. He wanted to pull away, but his flatmate's grip tightened once more, and he felt the bite of trimmed nails in his flesh.
"You want me to move out?" John said haltingly.
Mycroft turned back to his car and got inside. The Bentley pulled away from the curb, lost itself in the sea of London traffic, and was gone.
"You really ought to run cold water over your hand for longer," John protested, even as he relinquished the spoon to Mary. Years with Sherlock had taught him more about when to choose his battles than anything else ever could.
pleased about it.
He never should have welcomed John back after the fall, he should have made it a clean break, but he hadn't. He'd meant to, but John had been so
"For what?" John asked, leaning back in his seat, and cradling his phone close to his ear with one hand.
Marcus groaned and pressed against John's finger. One hand fell away from John's shoulder to move John's free hand from his erection to his hip. "Not yet, I want to feel you inside me first."
John snorted with laughter and shook his head. "No. That miser won't even pay for his own cab rides to and from cases. Every time, I swear, he practically breaks the sound barrier getting out of the cab and sticks me with the bill."
"No, the train is fine, it stopped just before the snow hit. Listen, I need to get to the airport. Will you take me?"
Sherlock picked up his phone with the intent of silencing it when he saw John's name flash across the scene. "Mary, stay," he called out, unlocking his phone and picking up just as Lestrade was calling him again.
John seemed to feel the weight of Sherlock's stare because he glanced up and smiled. Yesterday Sherlock had requested some of John's more worn out jumpers and any soft bedding John thought he might need. He already had a toy, leftover from the time before the suppressants. He was prepared, he knew John could guard him, but it still didn't feel right.
Sherlock had recently begun to utilize his homeless network to undermine crime in London. They infiltrated and betrayed as many people as they could safely get away with, and the New Scotland Yard tip line had never been so busy. It was effective, but sloppy. The thought made Sherlock grimace. If only he had more time…
"And are you planning on sharing any details?" John asked irritably. "This won't make for an interesting story if all I can write about it is, 'We went to a grisly murder scene, Sherlock looked at the body for two seconds, then poked about the room a bit before leaving in a hurry.'"
armed. Why not also always be ready to pick a lock?
A grin broke over the ex-army doctors lips before he could stop himself. He really should be mad at Mycroft for taking such liberties in his flat-would be mad, if he wasn't so excited to see another letter from Alexander in his hands. It had been over a month since John had sent off his last letter with the elder Holmes brother, and he had begun to worry. He hadn't forgotten what lengths Alexander was going through, or how dangerous his mission was...
"Yes, and he's purchased both ammonia and bleach based products," Mary gestured at the screen enthusiastically, "If a few of those happen to go missing and someone suffocates it would be all too easy to place blame on ignorant janitorial staff."
waited almost ten years, marrying her cousin just one year before Laurali said her own vows.
He shouldn't have kissed Sherlock, obviously. What
Molly's mouth worked soundlessly for a few moments, as if unsure of what to say, before she finally settled on, "You're welcome, John. Good luck." John nodded and turned to follow Mary out of the building.
"I'll get Harry," She offered. "I'll have her transferred to St. Thomas Hospital."
Molly shot him an odd, thoughtful look before murmuring, "Yeah, sure. I guess it couldn't hurt."
Sherlock stood looming over John, in his personal space. John wasn't sure if this was intended to be an intimidation ploy, or if Sherlock really was so careless in ignoring societal niceties. Either way, John wasn't giving ground.
"You know," John continued, "it really
man had gotten close to John because of the ex-army doctor's connection with Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled and leaned in conspiratorially. "You'll probably be needing these." The cuffs, which had moments ago been securing his slim wrists hung loosely from a single forefinger.
Mrs. Hudson say that's not the case this time," Greg replied.
"Sherlock!" Greg protested sharply.
"The bugs…" the patient's voice was barely above a whisper, and his eyes were darting rapidly over the ceiling tiles. "They won't stop…Please make the bugs go away!" The patient screwed his eyes tightly shut, pressed his hands firmly against his ears and started rocking gently back and forth in a feeble effort to self-sooth.
"I can't stay too much longer, I've got group counseling in a few minutes, but thank you so, so much Johnny, for everything."
"Is that your
John glanced outside and smiled. Ice crystals formed around the windows and snow was piling up on the sill even as more fell from the sky. A warm fire was still crackling merrily in their fireplace. Today felt like a good day to curl up and read a book. Sometimes John would pretend that Sherlock was there in his mind palace, and he had been during many lazy days around 221 B. John knew it wasn't true, but it helped on the bad days, and even on the bad days that weren't so bad.
John blinked, and licked his lips. "I just stole used medical supplies. And this backpack."
Marcus laid his body over John's, pressing into him intimately, and John savored the contact, running his hands down the warm skin of Marcus's back. Marcus arched into the touch even as his tongue pushed against John's in a sensual dance.
Sherlock arched a superior eyebrow at his husband. "It worked, did it not? Besides, danger has been a part of the equation since we began our partnership."
"Obviously, John. There was no other way to break their grip." He turned pointedly towards the Detective Inspector and drew breath to continue his story when John interrupted him once more.
Harry winced in sympathy, and Eva pressed on. "When they remove your gallbladder, the bile has nowhere to be stored, so it all drains into your stomach as soon as it's made. For most people, this causes acid reflux when you have too much bile, and intestinal cramps when you have too little. They're painful, but ultimately temporary. I'm not injured and my body still works more or less as it's intended too." Eva shrugged, wrapping her hands around her knees one more, and leaning her head back against the wall.
Mycroft let out a long-suffering sigh, as though he was speaking to a child. "John, this...operative has been away for approximately two and a half years on the most dangerous project I have ever seen undertaken. We must be practical."
"Mary?!"
"Mine!" John growled against his lips, nibbling his way over Sherlock's jaw to his neck, teeth scraping over thoroughly bruised flesh.
their child. He either didn't listen, or didn't care. When he found the threat realized, he meandered to the hospital where he was born, and charmed the documents out of a young records clerk."
Mycroft tell you?"
John paused; mentally reviewed his work schedule, then nodded. "Yes, and I should be able to give you an answer by then."
John shifted on his feet, shivering slightly in the damp air. "Have you had your stitches out yet?"
"You said it yourself," Greg replied, not even bothering to look up this time. "He's on a case. You know what he's like when he's on a case."
Sherlock held John's gaze with his own for a long moment, feeling the familiar warm blue pulling him in. "I started looking for a solution after my first heat." Sherlock swallowed thickly, then pressed on. "It took years to find suppressants that worked."
"It might if there was deliberate murder as opposed to medical neglect."
Cursing loudly, John flew up the stairs to his bedroom. Everything was exactly as he'd left it. There was no sign, no clue, no indication the Sherlock had left in a hurry or during a struggle…there was nothing. Trying to ignore the growing sense of unease in his gut, John descended the stairs more slowly, trying to see and observe everything about him, just in case Sherlock had left something, anything behind that would let John know where he'd gone.
Once they were inside the darkened hall, Sherlock's whispered monologue began. "This is a quiet, but well established funeral home. It has been in operation for fifteen years."
Once again, Sherlock and Mycroft had worked closely, if not amicably, together. Mycroft had arranged for his agents to negotiate with the kidnappers while Sherlock, having deduced their exact location, worked his way into their hideout undetected. It was a maze of passageways and moldering wood.
They shook hands and the other man said, "Welcome, thank you for coming, John. My name is Eric Brown. My office is just back this way."
"A letter from one of my operatives in deep cover," Mycroft whispered, relaxing the slightest bit. "He's been away from friends and family for a long time. He's almost done with an impossible mission and...I'm worried he'll lose his focus if he doesn't have some tie to home."
plenty. You were in the hallway, wailing about your husband, and how you needed to see his body, but then you were so
A sharp pain in his left hand forced Sherlock suddenly out of his mind palace. He looked up, blinking at one Molly Hopper.
John smirked as he reached out and brought the mug to his lips. "Don't worry, I wasn't about to assume you were going soft on me. Do you even
The ex-army doctor peeled back the fingers of the world's only consulting detective, and glowered across the street, trying to see what he saw...but there was nothing to see. John glanced irritably up at Sherlock, who waited a beat longer before nodding to himself and moving deeper into the alleyway.
then did she seem so nervous? She
"Let me
Mary looked back at him a little wistful, but only a little. Had she offered him the spare bedroom because she thought he was equally heartbroken? John
Lestrade shook his head. "That wouldn't happen until the body is taken back to the morgue. It's one of the things that feels off to me. If his marriage was as happy as it was reported to be, then
Sherlock nodded his agreement, and set the bowl of soup on his lap. It was hot, which helped soothe his throat, and spicy enough to help clear his sinuses... It
John pulled back instantly, worry creasing his brow. "Is something wrong?"
John sat up suddenly, no longer relaxed or leisurely in his reading.
Like a few things he'd seen about the apartment and about Mary, it wasn't what he had expected. The floor was covered in delicate black and white tiles, and there was a deep white tub set into the wall on the left. The toilet was to the right, and the sink directly in front of him, both unremarkable. The walls appeared to be wood, reminding John of a sauna, and the window on the far left wall was stained glass, glowing in the light from the streetlamps. It was beautiful and peaceful.
James let his arms fall back to his sides and took a step forward. "About what?"
John took a deep breath, settled himself on the couch with his tea, and picked up the letter once more.
John shrugged. "Taller than me, but not quite as tall as Sherlock, average weight, maybe slightly overweight, blue eyes and brown hair, which was slightly thinning. His eyes were really sharp, a lot like Sherlock's, I don't think they miss anything. I was so surprised to hear about another Holmes that I heard him out."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but Sherlock could see the amusement in them. "This isn't a conversation we need to finish today, but I do hope you'll start returning my calls."
John's lips slid back over Sherlock's neck and jaw to his lips, pressing against them and their tongues met once more in a sensual dance. Sherlock pulled John's tie free, before his long fingers eased John's shirt and jacket slowly over his shoulders and down his arms.
"That's Sherlock Holmes!" One of the nearby gawkers cried. "He's that famous detective. Brilliant at the violin, too, I heard!"
The assertion immediately rankled. "No," John replied adamantly, "it isn't."
John sighed and leaned forward to place his hands over his face. His fingertips had just brushed his hairline when he flinched and shifted, reaching down to his side where he suddenly felt a small, sharp pain. The ex-army doctor's fingers quested over the fabric of his jumper for a moment before he found the offending object and plucked it free. He almost laughed when he saw what it was. Somehow a thorn from Mrs. Hudson's dormant rose bushes had snagged John on his way out, and remained stubbornly attached to him since the moment he left 221 B. A smile rested on his lips as he turned the small sticker over in his fingers.
fault. Where would
to think about John that he hadn't taken any further precautions. He had his share of the blame, and truth be told Nikki wasn't really to blame at all. True to her nature she had never asked any questions about John or himself, though she had known about them both through John's blog. Nikki continued to look sad and concerned, but her gratitude and quiet disposition had prevented her from any comments or actions in regards to Sherlock's situation.
"Persons of wealth and/or supposedly distinguished lineage can get fussy about bloodlines. Mr. Clemons wanted to report to his family that his wife had delivered successfully without the supposed shame of either another failed pregnancy, or having to adopt someone from outside the family."
Sherlock, who had already settled himself on the sofa and begun rifling through the assortment of papers and files on the coffee table didn't even deign to look up. "No," he replied, his voice flat and uninterested. "You didn't."
As if thinking could summon him, Sherlock whirled out of his bedroom, resplendent in his dressing gown. He wasted no time in examining,
"I suspect he might change professions soon, and a change of phone number might also be warranted," Sherlock observed, leaning his head against John's.
"For a long time, I pitied you," she began, quietly enough so that only he could hear. "A world without love is hardly worth living in."
he was saying?
Sherlock stopped, clamping his lips shut until the edges turned white. John sucked in what he prayed would be a calming breath and righted his chair. He was a doctor. He had a patient to tend to, then he needed to see his sister. One simple task after another, and he would be able to put this whole sodding night behind him.
John rolled his eyes and bent to help Sherlock with the clean up. Sherlock had said the queen could be the heart of a game... John wondered if that was an analogy Sherlock lived by: Putting your heart out there was a risk not worth taking.
Mary smiled wistfully. "If he does, I dare him to come forward and voice his complaints personally." She turned to look at John, whose face was the picture of confusion. She sobered slightly and explained, "I'm a widow, John. I have been for five years."
Johns started. He hadn't expected Sherlock to comment on it after all these months… Of course he knew, Sherlock
loved him. Even without voicing his feelings officially or changing their relationship, John knew he had committed himself. Through his actions he'd made silent promises to Sherlock to be there, to help him, and share in his life. For all John's high handed notions of honoring their friendship and Sherlock's wishes, he had allowed Sherlock deeper into his heart than was wise, by any standards, and he would be paying the price for it for some time to come.
"You mentioned something about my oral fixation?" Sherlock's brow was arched, but his voice was breathy and his face was flushed with arousal and the strain of tilting his head back so far.
"Now's probably best," John admitted, "if you don't mind."
"Actually, when you put it that way, it sounds pretty damn suspicious," John replied.
John shook his head and interrupted Marcus, "Not really. It makes sense when you think about it, especially if you do this frequently. One night means no commitment, which is what you want, but it also means you don't really get the chance to know someone, and you already said you value your safety."
"I'm fine," Sherlock repeated.
Sherlock stilled, and then slowly nodded.
Sherlock shrugged. "I had a spare, but that's irrelevant. These imposters have no known criminal history. They probably were the philanthropists they claimed to be, but they got greedy when they became aware of the depths of Miss. Reynolds purse. If that's the case, having lived a basically moralistic life before, they might be squeamish about actually harming her directly. They may be trying to bury her alive."
Sherlock's fingers danced across the black and white keys of the piano and Beethoven's 5th symphony rang out crisp and clear in the morning air. The piano was in tune, the pedals worked, and it shined with a fresh polish. It wasn't a grand piano, just an upright, but the accomplishment made him glow with pride all the same. Mummy had helped him gain access to the supplies and tools he needed to build it. It was meant to be a present to his brother for his eighteenth birthday.
She lifted her hand and her fingers caressed his face as she whispered, "No, but it always should be."
Human babies could wither and die in their first year of life if they were not held enough, despite how well their other basic needs may be tended to. John supposed it was something about the idea that if they were not loved enough to be held, then life was simply not worth living. Sherlock Holmes had been no different, despite what he might have told you. It was a wonder Sherlock and he hadn't fought more over emotions. Then again, once John saw the subtleties with which Sherlock expressed himself, he was only rarely tempted to call him a machine.
John smiled, and blinked away a thin layer of mist from his eyes as he was hit with a fresh wave of longing for his lost flatmate. He didn't need to put any more of that longing into writing though. It was plain as day from the first anyway, from the tone of his letters. Alexander had pointed that much out himself.
John groaned in protest, but Mary was relentless, pulling at him until he rose to stand beside her.
agreed to get arrested for you!"
Sherlock slowly resumed his seat, looking vaguely interested once more.
The ex-army doctor's brows knit together in confusion for a moment before realization shot threw him like a thunderclap. James fancied him.
, and now you're stealing my sisters letters!?"
Another nurse, this time John didn't know there name, stood at the ready with the defibrillator.  They were looking intensely at the machine as it charged before barking out, "Clear!"  The team pulled back from the patient as one while the nurse situated the paddles and administered a shock.
"Oh, I'm sure someone will, one of these days," James reassured him with an airy smile. Then, he glanced down at the picture he still held of Harry's roses. "These really are beautiful," he commented, handing the glossy print back to the ex-army doctor.
Sherlock deigned to look up from whatever it was he was researching, the hint of a smile ghosting over his lips. "I've left you a little something on the kitchen table," he repeated.
Sherlock grumbled a bit, and looked away. The gentle pressure of John's had on his forearm never wavered.
"Papa," Laurali began, exasperated, "Preschoolers don't
"You're brilliant, Sherlock, but you're still human," John said softly. "We've lived together for over half a year now. You can't hide forever." The good doctor glanced down and a smile flittered across his face as he slid his queen into check. He didn't even have the chance to speak before one of Sherlock's pawns snatched John's queen off the board.
Make or Break
~*~*~*~
"Yeah, I suppose you're right," John mumbled, covering his face as a giant yawn came over him. Sleeping on the sofa would have only given them both sore backs. "Thank you for keeping me company."
"Why did you leave medical practice to start working for him in the first place?" James asked, leaning forward slightly to pick up his sandwich.
Once the questions was out there, more followed.
"I love you too," he murmured despite himself, wanting to take back the words almost as soon as he had said them. He didn't do
Mary smiled and nodded. "Good, that's what I was going for." She pulled off her coat and hung it on a wrought iron wrack by the door. Then slipped briefly into the room with the dragon on the door. She didn't turn on the light, so John could only see dark shadows until she re-emerged without her purse.
John laughed, and leaned in to kiss Sherlock properly. His lips were plush and firm beneath John's, and they opened to him like an embrace. The kiss, like John's previous touches, was gentle and passionate. Breath mingled, tongues explored, and very close smiles were exchanged in the small spaces of time when John attempted to pull back, only to press into Sherlock once more.
"I thought she might be in some kind of trance, and I wasn't sure whether I ought to follow her or let her be. Finally I decided what I saw must have been a trick of the light, and tried to put the image out of my mind. I had a drink of water and some biscuits. I had just about pushed the whole thing out of my head, except as I was about to go up the stairs I thought I saw something on the floor. I knelt down and touched it, expecting it to be a shadow or a trick of the light, but my finger came away sticky..."
"Tell me about your multitasking and prioritization skills," Eric asked, staring back down at his clip board again.
Immediately the energy shifted. Janet and Kevin focused one cleanup, and Eric stepped away from the gurney with an exhausted sigh. "You don't give up easy, do you?"
Sherlock gasped as John growled again, lightly shaking his head, his mouth still firmly attached to Sherlock's neck. It was a primal instinct meant to help thoroughly mark, claim, and bond the omega. Sherlock's fingers swept up to anchor themselves in John's short hair.
letting go of his hand.
Sweet, wonderful, surprising, protective John. If he would really offer Sherlock salvation, he deserved to know everything. Even so, Sherlock's fingers trembled in the fabric of John's shirt. He had never really been
Trigger warning: Graphic medical practices discussed.
"Mary," Sherlock replied, hanging his coat by the door before taking his seat and unlocking his laptop.
Guilt stabbed at Sherlock's conscience.
He'd only heard those words a few nights ago, and they already haunted him more than some of his memories from the war. He was pretty sure she'd meant what she and he did to each other, how they fought, and things they said… They had never had the best of relationships, and it had only gone downhill when their parents died. John was just starting as a doctor at the time, struggling with financial and career pressures, and Harry was a few years older, just married to Clare. They were both adults, but the loss was no less crippling…
There were more hesitation marks on the page in front of him. Alexander used the paragraph break to swing wildly from a light hearted tone, to a more serious one.
going to be a habit, John," Molly stated emphatically as she took the bag from him.
when he has no cases and no active experiments. It's like his massive intellect tries to self-destruct if it doesn't have something to occupy it, or something."
John squinted sidelong at the mirror and smiled. "Thank you, I can't see it at all anymore."
femur…"
John surged forward, crushing their lips together in a fierce, desperate kiss. For a moment they were a tangle of hands, and lips, tongues and teeth, and then John jerked away as suddenly as he had come, turning and rushing out the door of 221 B as fast as his shaking legs would carry him.
John stopped and forced himself to look up to see where his feet had taken him. He was in front of a pub. Harry's wasted face flashed in his mind, and John shook his head. Alcohol was not the solution… but two drinks wouldn't kill him. He had drunk to excess once or twice in the past, but never when he was upset. By the time John was of drinking age he'd imposed a limit of two drinks, and two drinks only, when he was upset.
