“You can call me Ironman.” Tony said. He usually followed that up with a suggestive wink, but he didn’t want to give the guy the opening.
“We should play tonight.” Guess the lack of an opening didn’t matter. Crossbones’ offer sounded more like a statement than a request, and Tony did not want to play tonight or any night. Tony glanced around and Steve materialized out of the crowd, eyes flat and shoulders set firm. He must have been listening.
“Oh do you?” He wasn’t subtle as he leered his way down Tony’s body before landing on his face again. “I’m Crossbones. And this is my Asset.” Crossbones snapped his fingers, pointing to the floor beside his feet. The man he called Asset crawled his way over.  “He’s shy.”
There were actually two men on the stage. The person doing the tying was all in black with a white X slashed across his T-shirt, but it was the person being suspended who had caught Steve’s attention.
Tony smoothed out the last ounce of tension between Steve’s eyebrows with the short piece of rope he was using as added texture to his touch. Steve was mostly in his lap, a slack pile of smooth skin and red rope in the cozy nook of what Tony guessed used to be restaurant booths before the space became a BDSM club. It was awfully nice not to have to defend his space, or worry about getting stepped on when doing floor rope. He could just focus on Steve and on finding new ways to make him make those little happy sighs. Tony looked up to see Asset staring at them with a mix of envy and longing. Tony met his eyes with a smile.
“Hmmm, yes,” the overseer agreed with seemingly little interest, though the remaining attendant rushed forward to hold out a blue swath of fabric for Zola’s examination.  “Turn, put your hands on the wall and spread your legs.”
Tony felt the press of one of Steve’s large hands against his back, gently guiding him towards the room that held the Chef’s table.  It wasn’t exactly private, with its glass front and view of the kitchen, but it was away from the other diners, at least.  Tony sat down in one of the high-backed chairs.  Someone came by and poured water into his glass from a silver pitcher with a white cloth cupped under it to catch any overspill.  Steve was sitting next to him, back turned the other direction as he talked to the man Tony assumed was the Chef by the somewhat clichéd white hat and apron, but one hand was still wrapped around Tony’s under the table, the pressure light, but steady.  Steadying, Tony corrected as he breathed out on one-hundred and eighty-two.  It didn’t make sense.  He barely knew the guy, and now he was latching onto him like his own personal stress squeeze ball.  Boundaries, Tony heard Pepper’s voice sound in his head.  Try them.  They’re nice.
“Hell of a career path,” Tony observed admiringly.  “Wait…Peggy Carter.  Was she the one who was the inspiration for Betty Carver?  From the Captain America Adventure Program?  God, I loved that when I was a kid! They put it out on CD in this neat collector’s case shaped like the shield.  My favorite one was where he rescues her from Hitler and his Nazi guard.  That was great.  I mean, kind of cheesy, but still, it was…” Tony trailed off, looking between Steve and Coulson, who was watching Steve with a raised eyebrow while Steve looked vaguely horrified.  “Well, I thought it was fun, anyway.”
A whisper of warm breath across his knuckles, just the barest touch of Steve’s lips before he let go of Tony’s hand.  Tony could still feel it on his skin, burning hot like a brand.  A cord of fire pulled taut, whip-fast, from his hand to his stomach, jerking and twisting with heat, then lower, lighting its way through his groin and down to the tip of his cock.  His hand was hanging limply in the air, and he had to force himself to let it fall to his side and not to snatch it to his chest, cover it, press it to his mouth, rub it into his skin until it reddened and marked, like it should, so the outside of his flesh matched the way it felt inside.  Heat bloomed between Tony’s legs, followed by a horrifying trickle of sticky wetness.
"Tony, darling, what happened?" Peggy asked him in a motherly voice after returning to her home, only thirty minutes after Bucky and Tony; it took Tony only a few seconds before he starts sobbing, telling Peggy and Bucky what happened early that morning, wondering if they will consider him crazy when he didn't even have scars or wounds to verify his story, at best they will think it was a nightmare that got him shaking so bad, at worse, they will think that he lost his mind.
Two of three names that made the smile fall from the Omega's face, his eyes widen as he rushed to read throw the comic, face becoming pale as he looked at the perfect replica of the photos he saw a year and a half ago… the comic book fell from Tony's hands but the Omega didn't pay it any mind, the only thing he could do was stare at his hands with shocked wide eyes…
Tony smiled as he reached his room, he took the pup's shoes off, and then the rest of his clothes exchanging them for pajamas, cooing softly when his baby made an annoyed sound and scrunch his nose, which made the pup, yawn once more and snuggles into his pillow letting out a small purr as he returns to sleep.
Steve made sure to work hard, but not too hard that it hurt the baby, Steve never had money, and Anthony knows that, with a soldier father and a nurse mother, life was hard but it was happy, and Steve had never lied about who he was like his ex-Alpha. Anthony had pleaded with him to move in with the Alpha after his mother's death, it was hard at first, but Steve did agree to move in with him, though Steve made sure to tell the Alpha that he was going to work too, no matter how well-off Anthony was, it had made the Alpha happy but still, he always made sure to take Steve out every weekend, because the Omega told him that he hated expensive gifts that some Alphas give to their Omegas, because to him it seemed like they were buying their love…
Steve had lost his words by that time, he didn't know if he should laugh or cry, it ends up being both as Steve starts laughing at the irony of fate, it ends up with him crying and shaking that the poor doctor had to mildly sedate him last he hurt himself, that day Steve spent it looking at the ceiling with empty eyes, wondering if he should kill himself and end this pain for once and for all, he wanted to die, he really did, not only was his life before a lie but apparently his mate was nothing but a liar and a cruel person, a cruel person who got off at people's pain, just like his father it seems.
"You are not a Stark, so is your mother, so I highly suggest that you escort yourself out of the HQ or we are going to do the honor," Steve said coldly making Morgan look at him with a scowl.
Steve paused at the voice that was coming from the speakers, and when it clicked in his mind against common sense he laughed at how Edith used his full name to scold him about something. It was now that it clicked in Steve's head why his husband used Maria Stark's voice when he designed this AI. "Thank you, Edith… I needed that." Muttered Steve as he put his head in his hands, God he felt like shit.
"I can get on fine on my own…" Tony repeated tiredly; trying to stop the tears from sliding down his face, damn that Alpha, why can't he just leave it alone like his mother?
Tony hummed as he carried his Morgan in her baby carrier and walked to the town, the sling bag left Tony a little bit unbalanced, but the baby bag in Tony's hand gave him a little bit of balance as he continued his way. Tony just smiled and cooed to his baby, chuckling when his daughter squealed and shrieked in delight when she saw a leaf float in front of her, the sight warmed Tony's heart, making him wish that his daughter will hold into her smile and never let it go no matter what.
"Yeah, he finally decided to clean his room," Tony stated, his lips twitching up at the groan he heard Steve let out, it seemed that Steve was feeling the same as Tony was on how Peter was becoming slop. "Dad called, he is going to be here in an hour, half an hour if the meeting finished earlier; as for Ma she said she coming after swinging by your favorite cake shop," Tony explained as he started to unload the grocery, putting them in their place in the fridge and smiling when he saw Steve put the non-perishable in the cupboard.
Their silence was cut by Jarvis who hummed and looked at Steve like only now he remembered something. "Say, Steve, what happened to those doctors and nurses who were responsible for Master Anthony, ever since that night when Dr. Banner was assigned for Master Anthony I never saw them?" Jarvis asked making Steve scowl at the mention of them.
Tony's voice gave a burst of mad laughter after he finally broke the door with his ax, his parents' scream getting louder by the second before vanishing, and the only sound that could be heard was Tony's insane giggles and the storm thundering… and Steve…
Dr. Erskine was a kind, the older man always visited Steve when he was on a break, he will usually talk with him about things that happened outside of the hospital, he sometimes will tell Steve a little story from his past like the places he traveled to and the people he met and befriended, he told him about that magical place called Wakanda in South Africa, about the mutants that lived out there and how if someone gave them a chance they will find they were people like everyone else, kind ones too, Steve will always wish for a pencil and a paper when the man told him of his adventures, he wished to capture the tales the older man tells him about.
that refuse to fade no matter how much Steven will it, it was still there, scowling at him and being annoying like a bug that was tough to kill no matter how much Steven try to end it. He wonders when his life shifted into a joke. Centuries ago, Steven would have dived at the chance to be with Anton like this, to take a lifetime with him, being together in any way, shape, form; but lifetimes of grief and heartbreak tamed that desire until there was nothing but bitterness and pain.
It was fifteen minutes later that the Omega finally moved, giving Steve the pictures that were in his hand. "My son…" The Omega ended up whispering when Steve took the photos and start going through them, giving a sad smile at the boy he saw. "Did you know?" Tony finally asked, voice cracking and vanishing, which made the Alpha close his eyes, taking a deep breath.
He couldn't believe that the person who was the first to discover the news was the king himself, the person he never wanted him to know, but that doesn't matter anymore, for Steven will carry the child in his womb without a care for the king's empty threats, he will protect him just like how he protected his James, he will protect him unlike how he failed when he tried to safe his youngest pup from Johann's hands.
Steve stayed silent for a few minutes before he opened his mouth, only to close it; Tony swallowed when he finally saw the crushed look Steve was sporting and how Steve's glow deem until the star stopped shining, why? Didn't Steve realize that with Ultron they could win against Thanos? Didn't Steve realize that he will be safe because of Ultron? Why would Steve give him this look? "Every time… someone tries to end a war before it starts, innocent people die… Every time, Tony…. I saw it, for a thousand of years I saw it…" Steve took a shaky breath as he pulled away from Tony before shaking his head and turning around to walk away leaving Tony alone in the lab…
"Well, it wasn't my fault that the real Captain fucking America was an Addams!" Tony pouted, making Rhodey tilted his head in confusion; oh, right, no one knows that Steve Rogers was the real Captain America before Bucky Barnes took over, it was a tight kept secret that only S.H.I.E.L.D. and few of the government official knows… fuck the military and their need to cover everything up.
No matter how much Steve tried to ignore it as best as he can, he still continued to hear it. A hunted sound humming to him… sometimes it begs him, Steve didn't know what it wants from him… it left him hollow. Sometimes it was so choked up Steve thought the person who sings was crying. Sometimes it was angry, so angry Steve thought his eardrums were about to explode…and sometimes it was just so sad, that Steve starts crying without being able to get a grip on himself.
In the past hours, ever since she learned about Tony and his Omega… she wondered what if she paid attention? What if Maria noticed that Tony was in a relationship? What if the younger Alpha told her about his mate-to-be? But deep down she knew that Howard destroyed every trust Tony had in them, what if Howard just let Tony be? Would their son be happier? He sure would have, just from the small clip she saw from the video she noticed that the Omega cared deeply for her son, she wondered what Tony would be like as a father, and she knows that the Alpha would have been amazing, she wondered what it was like for her to have a grandson, a small little boy or girl who would look just like her bambino, full of life and hope… what if, what if, what if… Maria doesn't know who to blame anymore.
"A-aunt Peggy… please…" Tony finally whispered after an awkward while of silence that blanket the library, Peggy took a deep breath as she tried to calm herself while swiping her bangs away from her face and gaze at Tony with a harsh look on her face, making the man take a step back.
Thanos gazed at Steve's face for a long time… a time Steve could have used to heal Tony from his injuries. "No tricks…" Thanos ended up saying before letting Tony go, causing Tony to drop on the ground harshly; the sight of his lover beaten and near death's doors broke what's left of Steve's heart, because this was his fault, if it wasn't for Steve, Tony would have been home right now. Tony would have been home surrounded by his family, his loved ones, and most importantly Peter, the small boy who was probably wondering where his Daddy was.
Tony shook a little as he looked at the Omega his heart was shriveling in his chest, but he snapped out of his trance when he saw the Omega open the front door. "Wait!" Tony gasped out as he took Steve's left hand in his, which made the Omega frown at and glared at Tony hoping that the Alpha will let go. "I know what you said Steve, Anthony Carbonell is dead, I understand that but I didn't come as Anthony Carbonell, I am Tony Stark now, and I am asking you for a chance, considering that your fiancé died 11 years ago, right? It means that you got over him, didn't you? Then that means you are open to the idea of dating, and I will really love for you to give me a chance, please!" Tony rushed his words, even he didn't know what he said other than hoping that he didn't screw himself over that Steve will put a restraining order against him, it made Tony's heart pound in his chest when he saw the Omega look at him with tired eyes.
Tony could only gaze at his baby as he and his husband left the school, wondering how was he going to survive without his baby staying home with him as he taught him materials beyond his age (His baby was a genius just as Tony was so teaching him was easy) while his husband taught him the way of the Addams family. This was their baby's first time on his own and Tony worries!
"Ancient one, can you please grace us with your name in the hope of being able to help?" Thor bow after Bruce was done, his words made Steven hum, wondering if he really should give his name to someone who overreacts at the sight of him, but the thing was, son of Odin was his only way back home, so he needed to play nice for now.
"Ewww, gross! Who in their right mind will choose that insane O!" Natasha said, but the slight flush on her face made Steve grin evilly.
It was a while before the walls of the Hydra's palace melted down, and in its place, there were the walls of the Iron King's house; the changes were so sudden that Steven nearly fainted, his mind refusing to be of use anymore. "James… where is my James?" Steven's ordered (Plea) when the person holding him melted from Johann's shadow to show him the Iron King, gazing at him with wide eyes.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, anxiety, Howard being a bastard but he will get what he deserves, violence, maybe fluff? And BAMF Steve! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"And what will happen is someone angered you? You will turn into a raging monster?" Loki asked as he took his cup and take a sip from it, sending Steven a challenging look as he did, which only made the man lean back on his chair, and some emotion flickered in his eyes, but it went as fast as it came making Loki frown in confusion.
So here Tony was, pouting as he saw the black S.H.I.E.L.D issued car pulling in his driveway, it was only a few seconds before Rogers was led out of the car in cuffs, with Barnes fluttering all around him trying to make sure that he was OK while ignoring the agents that ran out of the car screaming bloody murder while having a suspicious red substance on their person that Tony wouldn't even bother to think about, for his sanity.
"Sorry, kiddo, Harley is right this time," Tony said, his smile widens when he saw his son pout harshly, looking at Harley with pleading eyes as he hoped that the older boy would have mercy on him because it was Peter's birthday today.
Edith's sarcastic tone made Tony wince… Yup, too much like his mother for his liking, the AI even had his mother's 'I'm So Disappointed in you' voice; it made him uncomfortable as much as horrified about this Steve having an AI with his mother's voice in it.
"He couldn't… not after discovering that Howard was the one who was paying Sunset to date, Tony, because she was the proper Omega in Howard's eyes that Tony should mate… he was scared that Howard will do something to the Omega considering that he didn't come from money." Rhodey said which made Maria's lips wobble remembering the Omega that made Tony so crushed when he learned about her.
"Life isn't perfect." Steve said back, turning his back to Tony as he tried to find a position comfortable for his growing body. Tony is positively obsessed with the changes and constantly jokes that they will make more right away come Steve's next heat, which followed by a squeal from Peter at the thought of other siblings and an annoyed sigh from Steve.
The day that Tony finally held the keys in his arms he felt like the world has righted itself for the first time, gazing at the place with hope blooming in his heart. "Oh, before I leave you to destroy the house again." Bucky snark which made the teen growl at him, but did nothing but buffs his cheeks, not wanting to start a fight on this memorable day because the older man can't keep his snark to himself, though the serious expression on the man's face made Tony tense, already thinking the worse, the man seemed to sense his uneasiness as he smiled at Tony trying to calm him down. "Just a piece of an advice kid… treat the lake with respect." The man said before ruffling Tony's hair, leaving him confused on the front porch of his house as he gazed at the man who was walking away. Treat the lake with respect? That was the strangest thing he heard in his life, though Tony couldn't help but throw one last look to the lake, feeling like someone was watching him, only to see nothing but water going on and one, making the teen shiver and rushed inside of his house.
"Do it, I don't want anyone alive other than this bastard for me to kill," Tony stated, which made Steve laugh before he disappeared in a blink of an eye; after that Tony took out his phone to call Pepper about damage control and his beloved mansion, which to Tony's dismay ended up nothing but a pile of rocks. Pepper went on and on about how the mansion was destroyed today at the time Steve and Tony were supposed to be in the mansion (Tony decided to spent a week in his beloved seaside mansion before returning to the pain in the ass that was his home) but thankfully Tony and Steve delayed their trip several hours before returning back home (The only reason for that was because Steve found another white shark he wanted to keep, but Tony was still convinced that it was the same poor shark he terrorizes before, especially with the puppy dog eyes and whimpers the shark sent his way… it took Tony hours to convince Steve they don't need the shark as a pet)
Tony frown to himself, thinking about what Steve wants in exchange for him stopping his reign of terror. It was so tempting to say no and book it out of here; but the thing was, Steve nearly went through every Avengers there is, the only ones who hadn't taste his wrath yet, were Bruce and Bucky. He was sure that anything Steve will dish at Bucky, the man will find enjoyable he won't even care if Steve ended up killing him. Bruce on the other hand, if he ended at the end of one of Steve's pranks, it meant that the other guy will become involved, and when that happens, it will be hell. Not to forget that Tony doesn't even know if Steve won't go after Pepper and Happy later, maybe even Rhodey, and that was a No-no thing!
It took a few more seconds of Bucky squeaking and squealing in rage before he seemed to deflate, nodding his head in the end as he let out a few grumbling noises. Bucky huffed as he made a motion for her to follow him, making Serpentine grin as she floats behind Bucky-doll, 'Oh'-ing and 'Ah'-ing as they reached a part of the mansion that was covered in spider webs so thick and strong that it was able to hold tables and furniture suspended in the air.
"And I appreciated, little pup, but that doesn't mean that you need to scare your parents like this, wondering like this is dangerous, especially for young pups." Tony said gently which made the pup look at him and then nod his head once before looking at the floor with the flushed face before running behind his father to pull a back bag, Tony watch with interest as the pup fumbled toward him and get a sheet of paper out of the bag. "For you…" The pup looked down shyly on the ground the piece of paper in his outstretched hand and his bag in the other.
Steve glared and growled at everyone who dared to glance at him, pushing his wheelchair away from his room toward the elevator, ignoring Peggy who was trailing after him trying to convince him of seeing Bucky and giving the Alpha a chance to explain. As if! So far Steve managed to avoid meeting the asshole by screaming and snarling and threatening him with death every time the Alpha dared to come into his room while he was awake, which always ended up with the Alpha looking at him with a broken look on his face, and the Omega nurses whispering about how ungrateful bitch he was when they thought he wasn't looking; that was so rude, Steve was going to make sure to give a strong-worded complain after he runs away from here.
Steve heard the voice crack, which made Steve's breath hitch and looked around him to see where he was. When he looked he saw that he was in the basement which made him frown and look around the place, heart in his throat when he thought he caught a scent he should know by heart.
Steve's eyes widen as they took in the room, his mouth opened a little, and an 'Oh' sound escaped him as he took the room in, taking in the few ripped stuffed toys, the fallen crib, the dirty smudges on the floor, and Steve could see that Tony was breaking, especially when his eyes fell on the three children that were holding into the excited and dirty puppy that was parking happily as he was chowing on a blue blanky.
"Don't be late…" He hissed before rushing downstairs, making as much noise as he can, too angry to care about anything, even the shaking boy that was clinching to his furs and hiding his face in the Alpha's neck. The Omega watched the king with pursed lips trying to stop his hiss that want to get out of his mouth…
"Oh, my! Look at the time, I am late for my meeting with Sarah, you two have fun!" Winnie said as she left them together, not before throwing one last glare at her son who groans at his mother.
Steve didn't know what to do at that time, as he just sat on the sofa after the woman left, shaking, where would he go? Anthony was his only family, Bucky has already enlisted in the army a long time ago, and the Barnes family had moved back to Georgia after Bucky left, Steve didn't have that many friends, no one wanted to befriend a feisty, small, and sickly Omega who didn't know when to keep his mouth shut, in the end after a lot of going back and forth, Steve packed a small bag with only the necessity he needed, and he brought a small box for his stuff that he brought with him from his old home when he was still living with his mother, Steve really wanted to laugh at the irony, all of his life fit perfectly in the small box.
"Daddy!" Hearing Peter's voice made Tony blink his eyes, thinking that he was turning mad, imagining that voice. "Daddy!" Turning around following that voice, Tony let out a sob when he saw Steve standing under a tree with Peter in his arms.
"Peter…? What are you doing here? Where is your father?" Tony asked as he put both the cookie duos packets in his car… oh well, Pepper got lucky this time, and if he was a little bit hysterical because he didn't see the pup's father? He really didn't want to die at the age of twenty-five.
"A little bit, I learned it After I met…" Steve swallowed his words, biting his lip once more, scolding himself for nearly slipping and telling his baby about Tony, turning to his son, his heart gave a painful bang as he saw the sad look on the pup's face, that made him swallow and put the rag on the counter before going to his baby and taking a seat before him, making the pup look at him for a little while in wonder. "Your Daddy, he was half Italian." Steve said smiling when he saw Peter's face lighten up at the information. "He used to always blabber in Italian when he was excited or happy which was always, so I didn't understand him that much at first, so I learned Italian." Steve said hidden his chuckle when he saw Peter pouncing in his chair in excitement.
So here Tony was, checking himself out with a satisfied grin that kept on stretching on his face, giving him a creepy look if Tony was honest. "Well, if that isn't a scary sight I don't know what is… you are going to fit in the Addams family quite well." Rhodey shivered as he entered the room, letting out a snort when Tony's grin widened even more as he tilted his head.
How was Tony going to tell the poor soul in front of him that he was dead and that he was haunting Tony's house for the past two months now? A house that Tony bought a year ago because Steve's family ran away from the said house they build. "If you will excuse me, Morgan and I would like to return home, so if you will…" Tony stated, leaving the bed and turning around, planning to make a run for it and jump back in the lake, maybe then he will return back home. God what did Tony get himself into this time, this was insane, Tony was going insane; Tony really should have accepted Rhodey and Pepper's offer of going home with them.
"Yes, someone who is kind, honest, and good…" These words caused Steve to raise his head, gazing at Bucky who was looking at with kind eyes. "I was surprised how Tony managed to marry a good person when he was… vain and self-centric… as much as it pained me to say this, Stevie, you can't survive in the Stark family with kindness and honesty; my family are nothing but a bunch of actors who step on other people's life to raise in the statues. That's why they are more accepting of Pepper than you, she is just like them; that's why the two of us are hated by the Stark family, even when we are part of it… it's been like that for a long, long time." Bucky said, his words causing Steve to swallow and nod his head, not knowing what he is to think after hearing Bucky's piece.
The choked gasp coming from the son of Odin made everyone turn to the man who looked as pale as a sheet, as he took in the sight of the man before him, the cuffs, the ripped clothes in some parts, the bruising that started to show. "Odin's beard! What have you done Brother Stark?" Thor called out as he rushed toward the blond man who was sitting on the ground, which made the man tense when Thor all but throw himself at his feet as he bowed so low before Steven that his forehead touched the ground. "Please forgive the foolish mortal, O Ancient One, he did not know of your greatness!" Thor cried out which made Steven nearly grimace at his thunderous voice, but gathered himself.
Tony didn't really care about it that much, Harley, Peter, and the little bean he was carrying was one of the best things in his life; Tony can even see the same emotion reflecting in Steve's eyes. As long as his Alpha had his back in this then everyone was going to be OK; it would be nice if his friends stood with him on this. He knew that Howard would just sigh and shake his head, but when it comes to it; his Dad would have his back without another word added. Clint and Winnie would definitely take his side on this, especially when the two of them knew how Tony ended after his first pregnancy, being the main ones who took care of him when he was at his lowest. His friends… well, Tony really didn't know what they would think and how many mixed emotions they would have, they already thought that Steve and he were moving too fast with the adoption, even when they all adored Harley to bits and pieces; he just hoped they would shrug it off as one of his unpredictable treats.
/Warning/: this chapter contains, cursing, sadness, a little bit of fluff, Tony can't help but being a little shit, always, Steve is a grumpy little snowflake, and Peter is the cutest little fella out there! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Someone in the crowd whisper causing a hushed silence to take over the village as they turned to gaze at Steven, their eyes were wide as disbelief shine deep within them, causing the Omega to straighten and glare at anyone daring them to look at him. "Nattalegg, what is going on?" Nicolaus asked when they came near the red-haired Alpha, '
Steven scuffed and turned his head away, no matter how much he defended himself against those who always used the name-calling as their weapon, no one ever cared or listen to him other than Sara, nothing was going to change no matter how he tried, so why waste his breath trying to reason with nothing but scraps of metal that there was truth to his words? It didn't stop the words from hurting though… "Yeah, that's what they always say, don't worry, it's not you, it's always the handsome ones that have something wrong in the head… even my ex… sure, he was cute at the start, but he turned psycho when I got pregnant, granted that I turned out to be intersex in the end, but still, he was crazy." The metal creature said which made Steven blink his eyes and turned to eye the creature… pregnant? So it was a female… but how can she become pregnant when she was made of metal? Steven's eyes widen at the realization, she was wearing protection armor!
"Out? Is that the only thing you are going to say? Out? I want to know where the fuck were you! Calling me over and over again, making me think that something bad happened, only to ignore my calls, and you are telling me you were out this whole time?" Tony's words were shouted at him, and Steve couldn't help but feel embarrassed and hurt; Tony could have at least wait until they were in their room to start shouting at him like this. Why did he decide to humiliate Steve in front of Bucky? Now, any respect he was able to gain from the younger Alpha was probably dashed away with the wind, Bucky is probably thinking that he was a bad mate and an Omega, only disrespectful Omegas get shouted at like this.
"I want, want, ugh, I want a noodles salad!" Peter said after a long while of pausing which made the Omega raise his eyebrow little lips twitching up at the pup's request, most kids would have asked for candy to be their lunch.
It was hard after that night; two weeks passed since the big fight with Tony and Steve. Two weeks of Steve moving temporarily into Natasha and Sam's apartment, refusing to return home no matter how many hours Tony spent outside Natasha's home, knocking and pleading with Steve to be back. It is two weeks since the night that Steve came to Natasha's place, crying in the middle of the night and continuing to cry even after two days going by. It was painful, it was hard, and Steve could still hear Tony's cruel words ringing in his ears, looping back and forth until Steve was left a shaky mess, not knowing what to feel.
Peter and his family rushed to the hospital an hour later, tears were already in Peter's red eyes as it fell on his mentor and father figure, he wobbled toward Tony and held into him tightly when the older man opened his arms for Peter. Tony met his grandchildren and MJ, and to their joy, he remembered them. It didn't stop Steve from hating Morgan and Pepper more and more every second that passed, because every time the door to the room was opened, Tony will look up with such a hopeful look on his face, hoping that the next person that entered the room was Morgan. No matter how many times Steve called them, they didn't answer, nor came to the hospital after he sent some of Shield agents to go and bring them.
By the time Steve stopped shining, by the time his core lost all of his magic, by the time Steve felt like he was about to collapse any second… Thanos was finally dead, and what's left of his armies was destroyed, leaving only Steve and the Asgardian standing in the battlefield, cheering for their victory. Steve's lips wobbled for a second and his eyes were full of tears, but Steve swallowed as he turned to Tony… his beautiful lover was standing up, leaning heavily on Thor as he gazed at Steve with happiness and relief shining in his tired brown eyes.
"Do you know where he is? Does someone, anyone knows where Steve is?" Bucky asked as he looked at Rhodey trying to get his emotions under control, he had to find Steve, his friend was out there alone, and with the aliens' attack things could get much worse, he hoped against hope that Steve wasn't in Manhattan when the attacked happened, he hoped that he wouldn't be dead after Bucky got to close to finding him.
I admit the chapter was not like how I imagine it; first I thought it would be longer and better written than this.
"Tony's new doctor…" Steve said with a smile, taking a dark pleasure in the way that some of those awful doctors got what they deserved.
"Yes, Tony, heat." Dr. Banner smiled at the delight gleaming in his eyes at the wide eyes Tony was sporting. "It's your body's way of telling you that it's recovering and that you made such development in the past two years; now that you are healthy your body is working to make up for the lost time. The tests you submit telling me that you have two to three weeks to go in heat, you should spend that time carefully, consult with your parents and Steve, prepare for the heat, if you wish to spend it alone or with a partner, I'm expecting you next week for you to inform me about your choice so that we can choose the right actions to proceed." The Beta explained and Tony nodded his head, unconscious that he carried out any movement other than gazing at the doctor in disbelieves. What took place later was nothing but a blur, as Tony doesn't even notice how he took off the doctor's office, he only regains himself when he was inside of his car in the parking lot, staring at the wheel with wide disbelieving eyes…
“I’m just saying, you made a lot of people happy, didn’t hurt anyone, and got paid for it, so why’s everyone so God-damned up in arms about it?  How much hardware do we have between us for what we did over there, huh? They were handing them out like candy from a white van for a while. I’m not saying what we did was wrong. I get that it’s fucking complicated, but I’m saying no one so much as bats an eye because we were in uniform, and you know—
“Actually, getting him to get in the car took some doing.  He wasn’t exactly thrilled about bunking over in our little fake love nest, believe me.  Look, I’m just…” Tony broke off with a frustrated puff of air.  “I couldn’t leave him there, okay?  I just couldn’t. He’s—he’s Steve’s you, and the idea of you, sitting there being all self-sacrificing and miserable…I just couldn’t, Rhodey.  And Steve, he’s so happy.  Not just having Barnes here, because I honestly don’t think that was even in his head, but just not having it all be on him.  I thought—okay, well, I didn’t think, really, just sort of went with it—but, maybe…maybe Steve sees how this could work, you know?  Maybe, with Barnes here, with the whole we’re-in-this-together-rah-rah-go-team-thing we have going, maybe it doesn’t look so crazy.”
"Central Park…" Tony said which made Steve give a big smile and then the three of them went to park their car in the nearest place to central park, it didn't take them a long time before the three of them were walking through the park, taking in the changes. And Tony had to hold his grin as he walked beside the people with no one knowing who he was or stopping him, he held Peter tightly humming happily at the awe he saw in his baby's eyes as he took everything in.
"Miss Carter, I would ask you nicely to remove yourself from my property, I would also ask you not to try and contact either my husband and child unless it's through your sister and that's only after many doctors and specialists confirm your mental state; any violation to my humble request and I will notify the police immediately," Tony answered in a detached manner, trying to ignore the raging pheromones the angry Omega was letting out as she was gazing at Tony like she is planning on killing him on the spot; Tony had to stay calm, he needed to stay calm, for Steve and Peter… but saying this is easier than done, especially when Tony was feeling unbalance, threatened, and in need of his Alpha who was miles and miles away from home and is not scheduled to come home today.
"If I told you, no, what do you plan on doing, Mr. Rogers?" Tony asked with a teasing tone, his question made Steven pause with an open mouth before his lips twitched into a challenging smile. The sound of a car's engine getting closer, made Tony let out an annoying sigh and he couldn't help but pout. "It seems like my welcome home party had finally arrived… talk to you tonight?" Tony asked, looking at Steven with a hopeful look, getting a short nod before Steven let go of the deck and sink into the lake once more…
Anton traced the branches and roots of the Yggdrasil tree, inspecting the pendant for any fault in it; from the silver, he used to the blue gemstone, to the shape of the branches and the roots. But as always, there was nothing wrong with the pendant, it was perfect, as perfect as it can be when the one who made it was an eleven springs old Alpha with the hope of attracting the attention of the Omega he fancies; it had to be perfect back then, for it was a promise he gave to the love of his life, a promise that should the Omega finally return home, the two of them shall be wed on the same day; a promise that the love of his life accepted with a shy smile and sealed with an innocent kiss on the cheek.
It seems that Rogers was kind enough to bring his daughter from the locked-up room; Tony was stumped about how Rogers managed to get inside, especially when the room was locked up tightly. Turning his gaze to the clock on the coffee table, Tony blink his eyes when he saw that it was 11 P.M. which meant that Tony slept the day away, something that would have made Tony frown, but after today's events, he was more grateful for staying in bed.
Two weeks after his fight with Tony, everything was still tense; no matter how much Steve tried to clear the air with his Alpha, Tony distance himself from him more than he has in the past two months. It was crushing Steve, pressuring him constantly, and nearly drove him to tears a few times; his husband was pulling away from him.
Just being inside this room made Tony felt like he was walking through a dream, no, not a dream, being in this room was like being thrown into a magical world full of adventure; the closest Tony can describe this place was it being like Narnia (A favorite book series of his), the magical place the heroes went to when they walked through the closet. Tony could only smile and shake his head at this thought, and he wondered if his Morgan will fall in love with this room just like Tony had.
The roar coming from the room made everyone winces, struggling to ignore the curses and snarls coming from inside the room.
The people around the town stopped what they were doing, their eyes following Tony's car with their eyes, probably wondering about the stranger who dared to come into their town. Tony's lips just twitched into a grin, taking a different turn that was going to take him to the lake. Tony counted 15 to 10 minutes before the lake was going to be filled with the town's people, probably trying to stop the stranger from finding Steven, not that Tony didn't know about him, to begin with.
"Steve?" Tony's voice was the reason that Steve's muscle tense, the memory of last night rushing to him, leaving him a shaky mess of confusion and pain and betrayal, tears prickle his eyes and he tried to stop shaking as he remembered what happened yesterday, how his husband returns home drunk, and how he started fighting with his brother, acting like Steve's opinion was nothing. "Oh, thank God babe, you made the two of us worry about you last night when you fainted!" Tony's words were the reason that Steve let out a noise of protest and raise himself into a sitting position, ready to snap at Tony to tell him that he was the reason for his passing out and that Steve didn't pass out for no reason!
"Oh, really?" Tony raised his brow, a playful smirk on his face causing Steve to flash his fiancé a manic grin mirroring his. "You know… this wasn't really bad at all… I kinda enjoy it…" Tony hummed to himself trying to stifle a giggle before it gets out. Ah! So Tony was still riding the high of his first truly victims as an Addams, Steve couldn't even be prouder than he already was; his love was carving his place in the Addams family! "Tell your Ma that we can have the wedding next week… it would be fun." Tony let out a loose peal of laugh he couldn't hold in anymore, the sound of Tony losing it made Steve give a dark laugh of his own followed by a dreamy sigh…
"Here, baby. I'm here." He said sniffing a little, his son blinks a little then he turns his head to Tony.
Years passed with the same dullness, he drank, he partied, he waved his mother, Peggy, Ann, Jarvis, and Rhodey's concern away, he invents weapons better than before, he slept around every day with different people not dating someone more than two months at any giving time, he met a woman called Pepper Potts who Tony was sure he couldn't live without her, Tony was even thinking about asking her out, hoping against hope that she wouldn't be like Steve and break his already broken heart that no matter how many times Tony tried couldn't glue together.
Choked on fear, Tony snarled as he raised the book and threw it at the person who dared to come closer to him and his daughter, not caring about the shocking cries; his only goal was to protect Morgan before something happened to her. In the second and the third book, Tony managed to grape fast and threw them at the persons/shadows; Tony ignored the shouts and orders he continued to hear from the shadows in front of him (Whoever they were) as they tried to come closer to him. "Stay back!" Tony could only scream, his mind still played the horrifying scene of Steven protecting him and dying in the process.
But that can't be true, it can't be… if Nicolaus was alive, then does that mean Volundrsson is alive too? "It has been a long time, has it not?" The Alpha said casually, but Steven managed to detect the mistrust and doubt in the man's eye, causing Steven's lips to twitch. "You cannot imagine my surprise when I heard about the new Omega from the south, a Queen that goes by the name Steven; but that is not your real name, is it…
"Yes, we met years and years ago… do you know that the first time we met, Mr. Stark hit me with his car?" Steve's words got a gasp of disbelieve from Peter and a choked one of horror from Tony, considering that the Alpha never wanted his boy to know that he nearly killed the love of his life that day, he even had a fabricated story of how he met Peter's mother and fell in love with him, anything but this!
The dry tone made Tony huff and he turned to the workshop, grimacing as his eyes fell on the stuffed and flammable toys everywhere, the pink wallpapers that dominated the lab, holy water, and salt in every corner and incense that Tony instructed Dum-E to never let snuff out, all in the hope of banishing Rogers and his demons. And while he was grateful that it seemed to work, Tony didn't even know how long it was going to last before Rogers came into his lab and turned the toys into voodoo dolls, or the salt and holy water into blood and ashes with his creepiness. Tony practically had to change the salt in the corners over six times! It turned black every time Rogers came to knock on his door and plead with Tony to get out! Well, more like scratching at the door like a puppy. But what the hell, black salt! That only proved Tony's theory that Rogers was nothing but a demon!
"I noticed that you didn't have many pictures of the baby." Steve whispered, and that made Tony shake in his place, and for his eyes to turn glossy with tears that refused to fall, he opened the album while holding his breath, only to let out a shaky sigh when the first picture his eyes fell on was of his baby in the hospital closed, being held by a man and a woman. "Those are Ben and May…" Steve explained, but Tony didn't pay it much attention as his hands traced the baby that the two of them were holding, his eyes never left the sleeping form, even when they clouded up with tears.
"I am really sorry sweetheart." Steve apologized once more before leaning down and kissing Tony's cheek, causing Tony to sigh and shake his head, but returned to fold the clothes, trying to stop his lips from twitching up when he saw Steve rush all around the room trying to find if he forgets something or not.
The sound of the door opening and closing made Steve look up hopefully, only to let out a sigh when he saw that it was only James, but the Omega smiled as he looked at the man who frozen in the doorway after he spotted Steve. "Do you want dinner? I am sure I can reheat it…" Steve said with a gentle smile, looking at the table trying to hide his grimace at how much food there was, he really wanted to check on the Alpha and make sure he was OK after what took a place this morning, but knows that the man won't appreciate it, just like he knows that deep down James will just retreat into his room, leaving Steve alone, which made Steve's smile slip for a second.
Getting back home, Tony never knew how much he missed home until he was back, holding his baby, and gazing around the place like he was seeing it for the first time. Steve seemed to share the same feeling as him, because for the rest of the week after Steve and Tony were back, the two of them spent it bonding with Peter, cementing themselves as a pack and a family, which was a breathtaking experiment.
Tony wanted Steve to spend his heat with him? Will Steve agree? Will he refuse touching him base on what happened to Tony two years ago? Many possibilities, and no satisfactory answer to them unless he took matters in his own hands, and knowing Steve, the Alpha will want Tony to move first, because if one thing was recognized Steve won't act unless he notices that Tony want him to act, which will probably take years for Tony and Steve to reach there if they didn't do anything.
... he didn't know for what, but he knew it was mainly death, he wanted to die, he wanted to get rid of this strange world with its strange rules, and strange people…
That was until the older man told him that he was part a mutant, that his father was a mutant while his mother was a normal human being, that his mutant power came from him being able to live longer, that he was hard to kill, that he was actually born in 1888, it made Steve stunned, that he wasn't the only one that was out of time, it made him glade somehow, but it also made sense. How Fury survived when Hydra sent the Winter Soldier after him, how he was able to survive so many wounds that could have killed a normal person if he wasn't super. It all made sense and he was glad for that, but he was also sad that Fury didn't take the time out of his day to go out and find someone to be here with him, Fury will always pause at that and say that he didn't have time.
"How did you… arrive here?" This time the one who spoke was the woman with the red, white, and blue colors, and Steven nearly sang in joy that at least someone still retains a little smart to try and help him discover what the hell happened to him and try and get him home, it's better than having the son of Odin panic every time Steven took a breath.
"This!" Steven hissed as he showed them the necklace that was still attached tightly to him, refusing to move an inch, an action that made the blood inside of him boil, he wanted to be far away from that stone as possible. "I was returning to my body, hoping to fall asleep for at least a century before that thing, came out of nowhere and knock me out of space, now the question is for you son of Odin, why the fuck is that thing on the loose when it should be locked up like how your father was tasked to do?" Steven narrows his eyes when the man stuttered his answer, something about Chitauri, Tesseract, and Thanos' children, which shouldn't be that much surprising that Thanos was behind all of this.
It took three months later that Tony finally got the courage to get out of the house. It was not like it was something fancy, it was just that his birthday was tomorrow and he wanted to leave the house and explore the city, to see how much New York changed while he was away, it had been nearly half a year since he was saved from Obadiah, half a year of therapy and Martial arts with Steve, of meeting his friends every weekend and getting caught up on six years of pop culture with them. And as much as Tony was happy it didn't stop him from longing to go outside and interact with people, but the thing is, reporters still follow him around the place every time he went from his house to the clinic and the other way around; it was starting to get on his nerves! Especially when the only thing that Peter sees of the world is the Starks' mansion and the ground that surrounded it every day, his baby was getting bored, and Tony knows that, and he also knows that his baby was too polite to talk about wanting to see something new, afraid that if he did this calm life will change.
"Fuck off, Stane, fuck off!" Tony screamed and drops to the floor being careful with his belly. He gives the board a firm whack with the hammer before scrambling on his hands and knees to where the loose floorboard is jutting out, the exposed nails on its undersides like sharp little teeth and Tony pushed it down, slotting it into place between the other boards and hammers each nail back into place, his ears filled with the thundering of his own blood, his heart pounding staccato-fast.
At the reminder, Steve seemed to pout, and Tony wonders how a scary and huge man could make pouting like a five years old endearing. From the admiring sighs coming from Bucky and Pepper's direction, Tony wasn't the only one who was thinking along that line, which was concerning, to be honest.
After saying goodbye to Pepper and Rhodey and giving each of them a hug, Tony waited on his front porch waving goodbye to his friends until they were out of his sight, which caused Tony to drop his hand and for the smile on his face to vanish, he was already missing his friends, which won't do, he has to be strong especially when the danger of Howard and Obadiah finding him wasn't over.
With that Tony got out of the car, ignoring the people that were eyeing him and whispering to each other, going to the office and tries to open the door, finding it unlocked and peers inside, hoping to see someone, twisting his hands together when the place was seemingly empty. "Hello?" Tony called out as he entered the office and looked around the place in nervousness, hoping that he will find someone before he chickens out and runs away.
"Singing…" At Dr. Ross confused look, Tony cleared his throat and started again. "Ever since I was a child, I heard a voice inside of my head… it sounded like a heartbeat. At first, I thought it was my own but then the humming started, it was comforting of a sort when I was captive… before I have my baby, it was all that kept me sane in there. When I met Steve, the singing stopped, though sometimes when he is away at work, I hear a little humming, happy ones, sometimes I will catch some words of whatever song he was singing." Tony bite his lips as he finished that, he really couldn't put in words how the voice inside of his head made him feel, but most of the time, it made him feel safe and sane, because if one thing was known, Tony would have ended up mad from looking at the white walls of the cell, so he used to close his eyes tightly and listen to the humming and try to catch a word or two of what the voice was singing, which always made him relax, he hated how the voice wept at night because at night, it meant Obadiah was going to visit him with his idiotic minions.
Tony hummed to himself as he walked through the hallways of his house, planning on going out to the gardens, the only place he refused to let Rogers be in, not wanting the man to poison his flowers. He grimaced the whole way when he saw bloody words of threats written on the wall, and he was sure that he saw a creepy doll or two running down the hallways with scissors in their plushy hands as they give childish giggles, making the hair on Tony's neck stand on end… he always hated dolls…
" Steven finally broke and said when he saw Margaret glaring at him with tears in her eyes daring him to lie to her.
Tony climbed into the backseat of the car, sitting between Pepper and Rhodey, catching up; Natasha drove out of town, along the winding narrow lane through the lakes. They arrive at the trail and Natasha parked alongside his house, letting the engine idle while Tony and his friends got out, Tony letting them take in the sights as Rhodey took of their stuff out of the trunk. Tony ended up leaning through the open window and kissed Natasha's cheek, and promises to be in touch soon before stepping back and giving a wave as she drives off down the road, Clint hanging out of the window as he waved goodbye.
Even if the pain and blood filled the cold, unwelcoming room. And he was sprawled on the floor, or as much as he could be in the small bathroom. It was barely big enough to give him room to spread his legs. It was not placed… no place to have a baby, but there was no hope to escape, and he won't give birth to his baby
"What are you thinking about, Nattalegg?" Klint's voice made the Alpha smile to herself and look at the Omega who was sitting on one of the barrels, cleaning his bow, she couldn't help her heart from warming up at the sight of her Omega and his butchered beard, no matter how much Nattalegg argue with him that Omegas can't grow a facial hair, the Omega was as stubborn as a rock, which was the reason she had to hold her laughter in every time she saw the Omega and his sorry excuse of a facial hair.
When they arrived at the heart of the village Anton had to hold himself from letting his grimace show, it was one thing to show his feelings in front of his friends and allies it was another to show it in front of his enemies. So instead of growling at Tyber as he wanted, the king don a blank mask, narrowing his eyes and straightening his back as he walked toward the two people who he wished didn't exist in the world.
To try and finish as much work as he can, Steven had to function on four hours of sleep, which was tiring and draining on his body, especially with the kind of work the Iron King forced upon him. He has to wake up hours before dawn to start his work, cleaning the place from top to bottom, starting with his bare room which needs a little maintained as it was that the only thing he had in his room was the furs he and his son sleep on and the few pieces of clothes the king 'generously' given to him and his son. Steven always made sure to let his babe sleep for a few more hours before he has to wake him up at Prime when he had to wake the king's son, a strange little boy he was, always silent, a boy of a few words, a shy one at that, who spent all of his time in the gardens with no friends, though his company was far more pleasant than his father's, an Alpha who doesn't know how to treat a babe right unless he was teaching him how to work with fire and metal in the workshop he has in the back of the house, and doesn't even have an Omega to help him take care of the babe, which made Steven pity the child for having a harsh Alpha as a father.
"Can I?" Steve whispered, his eyes not leaving the baby as his hands raised of their own will to take the baby from Becky. As soon as he touched the baby's small hand, Steve felt like electricity ran through his body, his breath hitching as he felt his tears running down his face without his permission when the baby smiled and waved his tiny fists around the place… what caused Steve to flinch so harshly that he pushed his wheelchair back and became unbalanced that fell off it and hit his head on the ground, was the familiar sound he nearly forgets its existence…
"Even as your slave, you are not my Alpha… so you have no right to order me to cut my hair." The Omega called after him, which made the Alpha let out a tired sigh and walk to his room, too tired to return even harsher words to the Omega, the Alpha hated to admit but…
“So, here’s what I think,” Tony continued.  “I think you’re going to see if you can push me away before we have to get into all those messy feelings and talkiness. But, you’re so ridiculously
“I believe that will be enough for tonight,” Tony said to Cam.  “With my thanks for your very able assistance,” he added and pulled out another silver coin.  Cam glanced over at Steve.  Steve tipped his chin at him and gave him a small, encouraging smile.
Scintillating, Tony thought a few minutes later, forgetting and trying to lean back in the chair, only to be fucked over by physics once more.  He got a long look from the professor down front, who was clearly gearing up for his next round of Buellers or whatever it was he was going on about, but ignored it.
“Steve, look, I--” Brock began, “Look, it just sort of slipped out, okay?  Come on, we’re all friends here.  It’s not like they’re gonna say anything to anyone. Right guys?”
Shame seemed to start in his throat and course through him each time he swallowed, leaving the bitter, coppery taste of bile in his mouth.  He desperately wanted to move, but his limbs felt weak, shaky.  He couldn’t seem to get his body to cooperate, like part of his comeuppance for his mistake was to stand rooted to the spot and have to actually listen to Steve tell him that he didn’t want him.   It was like falling, and knowing there was nothing he could do to stop the impact.   It was just going to hurt.
This was it, Tony realized with a stuttering grind of thoughts. They were going to shake hands and go their merry ways, and everything would settle back into place. His whole life would re-slot itself along the same track he'd been on, with nothing but the loss of a few days' productivity to show for apparently being married to Steve for a decade. It seemed so wrong, that this could recede without leaving a visible mark on his life, the way it had scored across his life the first time. He should be glad for it, but he couldn't quite manage to wrap his head around the dissonance to get there.
“I know you were,” Steve replied.  His hands were running over Tony’s sweat-slickened skin, where the gown was sticking to him in places, and lightly picking at it, almost in fascination, before pushing it up just above Tony’s waist, leaving Tony’s cock to jut out between them, red-veined and straining, glistening in the flickering candlelight.  A desperate, mewling sound escaped him.  He needed Steve’s hands on him so badly, the strange and familiar combination of pressure and emptiness nearly overwhelming him.  He lifted his hips in invitation, which was apparently enough, since Steve just shoved his legs apart, bending them up at the knees to expose Tony’s hole where it dripped, slack and slickened, fluttering a bit as Steve pushed his legs even wider.  It should probably embarrass him, Tony thought, but the thought was distant, as if he would have to run too fast to catch up to it.
“We can dance.  Something simple.  I’ll show you the steps.  I’ve got six years of dancing instruction with a woman who missed her calling as a prison guard on the Green Mile, so whatever,” Tony offered.   “It’ll be fun.” Steve’s gaze flicked to Tony’s face, then dropped down to Tony’s chest for a fraction of a beat, lingering where the dog tags lay beneath his shirt.
Steve wasn’t sure what he had wanted in the moments before.  A distraction.  A way out.  A way into something else.  Anything beyond the swirl of anger, fear and frustrated helplessness that seemed to fill his head anytime he opened his mind to the yawning maw of a future he didn’t want to face.  Now, looking at Tony, the he wanted something else.  He wanted Tony to see himself the way Steve could see him, if only for a little bit, or if only a little bit, the way you can only ever see the best version of yourself, parts and pieces and reflections of the whole, but never all at once.  Maybe he was using Tony, and maybe Tony was using him, but they were giving each other something, too, something maybe both of them had needed.
“I don’t want to kill Camp anymore,” Tony said. “Well, okay, that’s not true,” Tony amended in response to Steve’s raised eyebrow.  “But, I won’t.  Because it would be wrong, however wonderfully and completely satisfying.  I really am better now, I think.  I mean, at least I seem to have stopped wanting to bathe your feet.  For now, anyway.  We can talk.  What the hell was all that about, anyway?  I thought bonding hormones were supposed to make you all happy and stoned-like?”
“Everyone needed him, Howard.  Everyone,” Peggy said quietly.  “They always did.  There was never enough of him, you know?  Not because he wasn’t enough, of course. Of course, he was, but because the rest of the world is just so damn terrible.”
Tony’s eyes flicked down to him, and his mouth flattened, a shadow passing over his expression so quickly that Steve wasn’t sure if it was just a trick of the light. Tony smiled down at him, and Steve forgot about anything else.
“I’ve only been a handful of times.  But, yes.  Yes, I do.  It’s…simpler.  Out there. Beautiful, in its way.  This place…my Realm, my people…this is your home now. Your people,” Tony reminded him.  The words didn’t sting, as they once had, settling over Steve’s skin with a prickling coldness when they had been spoken in frustration.  Now, Steve heard the warmth in them, bound by happiness and joy.  No images of tree-covered hills and dark seas rose in his mind to protest.  The shade with Bucky’s voice who had followed him for so long held its tongue.
When he looked back up, Steve was speaking to an elderly man in a wheelchair. The man was wearing a vintage dark, green Army uniform and garrison cap over wisps of white hair, and his chest was covered in medals and ribbons.  The man’s Omega stood next to the wheelchair, watching the exchange with a soft, watery expression.
“Or stuck in a chimney,” Tony added.  “Which was a bit awkward to explain to the fire department, given that it was June.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied, mouth twisting.  It was the same message as the thirty or so before it.  He’d texted Brock last night that he was okay, and it had sat on read with no reply until this morning, but now, Brock was antsy to know where he was and when he was coming back. “I’m telling him that I’ll meet him back at the apartment after he gets home from work and that we need to talk,” Steve said, glancing up.  “Think that sounds okay?”
“Tony,” Steve began, standing up and walking over to stand at the deck railing in front of Tony.  “If you want to learn to drive, if that would make you---“ Steve stopped, looking down at the valley in front of them for a moment before drawing his gaze back to Tony.  “If you would feel more secure if you could drive, then you should learn.  No one will try to stop you.  No one will arrest you.  No one will do anything to you.”
“No.  No time machine, Tony.  But…thanks.  That’s awful sweet of you to offer.  Probably not a good idea to mess with time, though,” Steve said, hitting the button to call the elevator.  Steve was very self-sacrificing like that.  Always putting the timeline first.
“Sitwell found me at Rumlow’s.  Raiders took me from my home and sold me to him,” Steve said flatly.  It seemed so long ago and just a moment ago at the same time.
Tony's voice murmured words of praise against Steve's skin, and those somehow hurt more than any blow.  He wanted to tell him to stop to just do it, get it over with, but he knew how much that would hurt Tony to hear, and turning his own pain back onto Tony was the one thing, in all of this, that he could not bring himself to do. He pushed his cock against the cool glass as Tony’s fingers breached him, stretched him and worked him open until Steve thought he would come apart if Tony didn’t hold him together, and then the slow burning pressure of being filled, long, deep thrusts that made his body bow with pleasure.
--okay, not what he was looking for, but some of the article titles were...interesting, Steve frowned--
and then was on his knees, looking up at Tony.  Tony’s hand found Steve’s jaw, cupping his cheek with a firm pressure. Steve leaned into the feeling, the warmth and presence, the firmness of it bringing him back from whatever precipice he’d been on after the fight.  He imagined it was what a soft landing felt like, gently finding his feet on solid ground again. He swayed a bit, seeking more, and felt Tony’s thumb graze over his cheek where a rivulet of blood from just above his eyebrow marred his face.  He shuddered at the motion, but even more, there was something about Tony’s hand pushing aside the blood on his face, marking him like that, seemingly enthralled by it, something deep and primal that Steve was always a little afraid to touch. He was supposed to be clean and perfect, a symbol for Fury, for the soldiers, for the people, and here Tony was, smearing proof of something Steve wanted to deny across his face like a brand.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said quickly, thankful for something to do.  “I’ll just—“ he said, motioning towards the door.  Steve looked up at him, then reached out and took his hand, giving Tony’s fingers a light squeeze before brushing his lips across Tony’s knuckles.
“Hey, your car talked to me like fucking KIT or something, dude,” some guy in a MIT hoodie said as they passed.
“Steve, please, please, Alpha, please, I need you, always needed you. So much, Steve.  Please. Want you, Steve, please, love you, love you, Steve, love you, please, Tony signal, Tony signal,” Tony mumbled, all sense of what he was saying gone now.  He thought some of it was Clan, but he couldn’t figure out what, and he didn’t much care. He closed his eyes, then opened them again, blinking up at the top of the lean-to, unseeing.  In his head, there was just Steve. Steve, and feelings he couldn’t name. His cock was hard against his belly, red and swollen and glistening from Steve’s mouth. His hole pulsed, slick coating him, so much of it, so wet, he was never this wet, but it felt like everything was being wrung out of him by Steve’s mouth and hands, and he was a husk, a shell, and he desperately, desperately needed to be filled.
He’d told Tony about his inexperience with the idea that he could manage expectations. For, like, that night.  But Tony…Tony Stark…of all people, had apparently decided to treat Steve like some Victorian maiden and court him.  Which was romantic as hell.  And sweet.  And probably great for their relationship.  It wasn’t doing much for the punching bags in the gym though.  Had kind of been hell on them.  When he’d destroyed the eighth one, Tony had come down to the gym, stared at it for a long moment and raised an eyebrow at Steve.  Steve had thought finally, finally, that was going to be it and found himself scanning around the gym for a relatively soft surface when Tony had asked him if he wanted Mexican or Thai for dinner.  Clint shouted from the rafters that he thought Steve probably wanted a little Italian, earning a glare from Steve and ending up with Tony ordering enough pasta for an army.
Tony sat down in the rocker and shifted Peter around to cradle his head.  He rocked gently for a few moments, but Peter just reached up to scrape his hands over Tony’s goatee.  Not sleeping.  Definitely not sleeping.
“So, what’s your new hubby like, anyway? I saw him the other night. Not that he took his eyes off you long enough to notice, but good tipper,” she noted, a light, teasing tone infusing her voice.
“Thank you,” Steve replied.  “He’d have liked you, I think.  He’d have told me I was in way over my head, but he’d have liked you.”
Steve cared about him, he mentally repeated, his mind trying it on, overlaying it onto their interactions to see if it fit.  Testing a hypothesis, like any good scientist, he told himself,  his mind going through their encounters like one of those picture books you had to flip through quickly to see the story come to life.  It didn’t make sense until you saw it all together.
“Really,” Tony assured him with a slight smile.  “Gave up my playboy bachelorhood and let you make an honest man out of me.”
“I don’t want you to hate me,” Tony said in a thick, shaky voice, then squelched his face together, his whole body shaking with the effort to hold back the emotional tide that threatened to overwhelm him.
“It’ll drink lemonade just as well,” Steve said, giving Tony a quick, almost furtive look.  “Grab me one outta the cabinet, will ya?”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Tony said, but didn’t press, and for that Steve was grateful.  “You two must have been close if you come all the way out here to be near her.”
“Too many fruit bowls?”  Steve teased, his voice sounding light and happy, the way Tony remembered.  This is how he is with me, Tony thought, the idea startling him.  This is what’s been missing since the damn hospital.
“So…everyone loves Steve, Steve’s going places, yadda, yadda.  Why’s he dropping trou at some Vegas dive for a few bucks?” Tony prodded.  “A career decision I support, but still.  It’s the roommate, right?  I’m still mentally putting air quotes around roommate, by the way.  You’re not helping.”
“It is serious, Tony. MIT could kick us both out.  I could lose my commission.  Get bounced from ROTC.  Worse,
“Okay. Well, thanks. For—for dinner,” Steve said quickly, rubbing a hand across his mouth, probably because even he couldn't quite manage to say that with a straight face.
“That so?” Tony mused, clearly trying to contain a smile.  He threaded his fingers through Steve’s hair, leaving the wet, spiky ends sticking up in points, then leaned over and pressed a kiss to Steve’s forehead.  “Sleep,” Tony said softly.  “You need to rest.”
“Look, we were nineteen. We talked about what to eat, what fictional character would win in a fight, and where the hell did we leave the lube last night, not why we were maybe a little insecure in the relationship or what was keeping us up at night,” Tony said tightly, running a hand through his hair. “Okay, so, I get that we need, like, massive amounts of couples’ therapy, but, you know, first, I’d like to convince my better half that we are, in fact, a couple,” Tony protested.  “The cracks were there.  Hindsight’s twenty-twenty, right?  I see it, now.  Howard played us, but we let him in.  I’m not—I’m not proud of it, Nat.  I’m here now. Trying to make it right.”
“Tony, two days ago you were on the phone yelling at the Director of SHIELD,” Steve reminded him, a warm, low tone of amused appreciation lacing his voice.
“Couple of, you know,” Steve said, blushing to the curve of his ears and making a quick motion with his hand that Tony assumed was Steve’s version of some universal signal for hand job.  “It’s…I’m…” he stopped, wet his lips and looked away.  “I’m fine.  In that way, I mean.  I can still—you know. I couldn’t. For a while after.  I wasn’t sure—but, I can. Now.  It’s fine.”
“Doesn’t it get old?” Steve asked in a low voice.  Happy was waiting with the limo just outside. Steve could see him wave through the glass doors.  “All this, all the time, them prying into every part of your life?”
Tony stared at the conference room video feed from his console in the workshop, the pieces of armor strewn about his worktable all but forgotten.  He should go in there.  Natasha and Wilson were with him, so it wasn’t like Steve was alone, not exactly, except that he looked at all of them like they were familiar strangers, and Tony hated it, this distance that had ebbed away so slowly that he hadn’t quite realized the loss of it until it was back.  Still, he should go offer to help, at least let Steve know he was working on it.  He had promised, after all.
“How am I still sitting here?” Tony demanded, looking around the small, windowless interrogation room at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.   “They don’t have any proof of anything.”
He surged up and Steve leaned down, and somehow, they met in the middle, mouths clashing in a searing, brutal kiss that slowly gentled until they fell apart.  Tony’s hand was cupping Steve’s jaw, and he looked up at him with something that almost looked like sadness, though it was gone before Steve could really tell.   Tony kissed him again, hard, then sank down on the bed and lifted his hips in invitation. Steve leaned over him, lined up his cock against the ring of Tony’s hole and slowly pressed in.   Tony moaned, low and deep, and tossed his head from side to side.
There was no tinge of regret tied to it, no slithery hope that he could slip away unnoticed, no burnt out edges where self-loathing had been momentarily scored away by heat and feeling.  Instead, his mind was filled with hazy images of Steve, all golden in the lamplight last night as he moved with the music, like something out of a fantasy. Beautiful, worshipful, wonderful Steve.  Apparently, there was a difference in sleeping with someone and sleeping with someone you cared about, go figure. They should write a song about that or something, Tony thought with a mental huff.
“And for you,” Tony said in a lazy voice, tugging down the coverlet from Steve’s hips as he drew out the words.  “I rather like how good gold looks against your skin,” he said. He ran a hand up Steve’s thigh, fingers trailing lightly into the crevasse between his legs.  “The gold for your collar came from a huge piece taken out from the Deep Illum centuries ago, did you know that?” Tony asked. Steve shook his head, trying to concentrate on Tony’s words while his hands were roaming over Steve’s body.  “The same piece also formed the king’s crown, the one with the ruby to match. I always thought that one was so ostentatious when I was younger,” Tony said with an air of distraction.
“Part of the deal,” Tony replied weakly.  “Comes with the name.  Been doing it since I could get the silver spoon out of my mouth.  Most of ‘em are harmless enough, anyway,” Tony said, somewhat grimly, turning to look back into the bright ballroom before looking back at Cap.  "Seemed like you had a number of fans in there,” Tony teased lightly.  “Thought I was going to have to take a number.  Bit clingy for my tastes, but—“
Tony growled, low and vibrating against Steve’s skin, his hands gripping Steve’s nape and arm like steel bands.  Steve tensed as Tony dipped his head, then startled as Tony licked a long, wet, hot stripe from Steve’s collar to just under his ear, his nose nuzzling against the curve of Steve’s jaw.  “I’m going to take you apart,” Tony warned, his voice a low, humming buzz in Steve’s ear.
“So, ah, you. You're working. School. That's good. The job-school thing, I mean. Good. Anything else new?” Tony asked around a wince. God, he sounded like a fucking asshole. What was he right about? What needed to be bared to a letter no one would read on the eve of what must have been something terrible? What made Steve miss Tony at the moment when the line between life and death over there must have been the thinnest? Every answer just seemed to be another question, but he couldn't make himself stop asking.
And if he sometimes thought of Anthony, well, that really wasn’t so strange, was it?  Alphas fantasized about Omegas all the time, he told himself, remembering the stack of pictures one of the GIs had picked up in Paris that had been traded around until the edges were worn down, doe-eyed Omegas in scraps of silk and lace, draped in pearls and little else.  It wasn’t unusual, an Alpha’s thoughts straying to an Omega from time to time.  No one had to know.
He stopped in front of the steps up to the double doors at the entrance to Steve’s building.  His shoes were wet from sloshing through the brown melt, and the bottoms of his pants’ legs were spattered with a spray of the stuff, but he was here.  He didn’t want to be here, but he was, if for no other reason than that Steve didn’t get to have that kind of power over him, not now, anyway.  Not anymore.
differently, Steve wasn’t an idiot.  Of course, it wouldn’t feel like that again with someone else.  But what about the feeling of being with Shellhead like that? That close, that intimate…he could feel that way with someone else, couldn’t he? Except, well, he hadn’t exactly found it before, had he?  That comfort, that trust, that—that incredible
“Here,” Tony said, his voice gentle and warm against Steve’s ear.  “Roll over with me,” Tony urged.  “On your back.  There you go.  Slowly.  Good,” he praised, and the word broke open in Steve’s chest like molten fire.  Steve rolled over, muscles protesting as soon as the strain was gone, but that was good, too, because he had done it for Tony.  “Good, Steve, so good for me, so beautiful, you did so well for me,” Tony continued, hands running over Steve’s skin seemingly everywhere he could reach, kneading the flesh, as if he could rub the words themselves into Steve’s skin.
“I can see how you would have thought my blind date being Tony Stark might have come up, but, sadly, no.  She didn’t,” Steve ground out, then realized he had picked the slice of bread to pieces.  Well.  Buttering it bite by bite, it was, then, he thought with a resolute sigh. He looked up and caught Stark watching him with an intent, questioning gaze, the same one Steve had seen on Stark’s face when he was working out some problem with more letters than numbers in it or figuring out some piece of machinery that wasn’t cooperating the way he wanted.  Iron Man said Stark spent a lot of time in his workshop in the Tower or back at his home in California, that Stark liked it there, with the quiet and just him and his machines and a
“Headed to the briefing?” Coulson asked, holding one of those electronic tablets to his chest where he stopped across the hall from Steve.  He could give the folders to Coulson.  Tell Coulson exactly what Fury could do with his little scheme.
Hope.  Such a small word, Tony thought.  Just over a month of hopeful optimism, a month of looking toward the future, a month of conversations interspersed with name choices, a month of Steve driving him crazy with don’t-lift-that and let-me-Tony, and then Steve had been the one who had to take it all back when Tony couldn’t handle it.  He had kept one thing, the little brightly-colored plastic gear toy that lit up and made noises when you turned them.  Explore and Grow Busy Gears.  One of the gears had a smiley face on it.  He kept that one, the one that said Steve imagined their child and saw someone like Tony, tucked it into the back of the closet in box and told himself maybe one day.   Steve didn’t ask why he kept it, though Steve didn’t say much of anything for a while that spring.  The lilies were always there, though.  Even when Steve went away on missions.  The lilies, fresh and vibrant and looking for the stars, showed up.
Beat up was a bit of an understatement. Out here, he could see the extent of the damage to the ship.  There was a sizeable chunk missing, and the parts around the blast were warped and blackened. Whatever had happened, whatever tiny error, slight misstep, or random set of circumstances it was that set off the explosion, whatever he had missed, it had a sense of inevitability to it now, Tony thought as he floated.
“That woman…Lady Bain,” Steve began.  “Is that how you know about—about this?  How it feels? She said…”
“That doesn’t even make sense, and I think we should try it.  If you want to, I mean,” Steve said, feeling himself start to warm with a combination of arousal and self-consciousness.
“They are,” Tony agreed with a nod, his face softening.  “I’m just saying.  He isn’t a bad guy, not really.”
’ hadn’t been any of that, though it carried its own kind of nearly unbearable hollowness now, because he didn’t want this.  It wasn’t his, whatever it was.  Why had she left this for him?  The question lingered with no answer, save a frisson of discomfort that chilled its way down his spine.  He didn’t want to know, but he had to, now, because she left it to him.  Left it in his hands, long before she forgot him, long before he was thankful she had.
“Yeah,” Steve replied softly.  “I know you worry, Tony.  Come on, don’t look at me like that,” Steve pleaded.  “I know we talked about waiting, but…Tony, being out there.  Seeing what was done to this city.  I can’t keep cleaning up when I could be doing something to stop this from happening again.”
“I’m all yours,” Tony said. He took his jacket off and tossed it over the back of one of the dining table chairs, then rolled up his sleeves as Steve gathered the paints, brushes and easel from the corner of the room where he had set it after it was delivered.  “Mind if I work while you paint?” Tony asked, holding up one of his Stark Tablets.
“You don’t think it’s kinda, I don’t know…a little casual, maybe?” Steve asked, canting his head to the side as he looked in the mirror.
“That’s--you don’t even…that was just a stupid story.  How do you even remember…look, you say that, but you don’t know what that really means,” Tony stammered haltingly.  “Not really.  I mean—“
“They wanted to put you in a lab,” Fury cut in, making Steve pull up short and stare across the desk at him in surprise.  “When we found you. Stick you in a lab until they could figure out that serum that only seems to work on you. That was the plan.  Then you woke up, of course. Complicated things, as you can imagine. But, don’t think that idea is exactly what you’d call off the table.”
Tony started to say something else, if only to fill the sudden, stilted silence, though God and his mouth only knew what.
This was...he cut the thought off and looked down at his buggy where his slightly wilting lettuce and cans of soup stared morosely back at him.  Just pick something, Rogers, for Christ’s sake.   It wasn’t as if Tony would even notice Steve had been at the store three hours to buy a handful of items.  Or care, if he did.
“”Baby!  Baby.  You were a baby,” Tony explained hurriedly when Bruce disappeared from the doorway.  “Because of the magic.  God, I hate magic.  But, baby.  That’s why.  With the cradling thing.”
“All except Thor, Sir, who has not returned from Asgard as yet,” JARVIS informed him.  “Ms. Romanov said to tell you that Ms. Potts will be dropping by tomorrow afternoon and wishes to speak with you.”
-- so hard for him to give Tony what Tony wanted, what he needed, the rest of the time.  Like this, he could bend for Tony. It seemed so simple a thing to do. Natural. Like he was meant for it, for this, for making Tony happy, pleasing him, being good for him, never hurting him, or betraying him, just being good for him, so simple. So easy.  He didn’t have to worry about anything else, except being good for Tony, and that? That was...he didn’t know why it felt like such an accomplishment. Maybe because Tony treated it as one. It didn’t matter why, Steve supposed. It just was. Maybe it wasn’t real, any of this, all just a fantasy, but this felt more real than almost anything else.
The hand on the back of Tony’s neck clenched reflexively, and his whole body jerked.  His back bowed, the muscles stretched taut as he came with shout, Steve’s hand pumping his cock through the stuttering motions of his hips as his climax washed over him.  Steve’s thrusts had slowed, Tony noticed, when he managed to come back to himself enough to notice anything that wasn’t what was happening to his cock.  Slow, deep thrusts, all the way out until the head of Steve’s cock caught on the rim of Tony’s hole and then back in again until Steve’s balls slapped against the wet skin of Tony’s ass with a sloppy sound.
“Just me,” Steve replied, turning towards the realtor and leaning back against the counter in front of the sink.
“He helped, alright. Helped himself,” Tony heard himself say, the words welling up from whatever pent-up spring of rage he'd been nursing for years. They tasted like copper and Scotch on his tongue, and he hated Steve a little for that. “He got exactly what he wanted out of it, don't worry. I'm one-hundred percent positive he considered it the best money he ever spent,” Tony spat the words out with more caustic venom than he would have said he had left for Howard, but he wasn't even really sure who he was talking about or to. Hating someone and loving them at the same time seemed to be his life's work, but that shit stopped now, he told himself as he reached out and wrapped his hand around the doorknob.
Instead of a blow, he felt the metal cock being slowly pulled out of him until it dropped onto the bed with a solid thunk.  His hole was wide and gaping in the cool air, stretched and swollen with ache.
"I read his file," Steve said.  Steve was so conscientious like that.  "It is very impressive, all the things he's been able to accomplish."  Steve thought he was impressive, which, of course, he was.  Steve was very perceptive.  Good judge of character and all that.
“Truly shocking,” Rhodes nodded to Tony with a falsely serious frown. “I’m shocked. This is what my face looks like when I’m shocked.”
“Indeed,” Lord Rand replied.  “The Highcastle’s lift system is quite safe, I assure you.  It has been around in one form or another since the first of us arrived here.”
“I—” Steve began, then broke off.  There was something. Something about that.  It was important. He looked up at Tony. “I can’t remember.”
“Charles was nice,” Tony said, when he couldn’t take the silence and couldn’t think of anything else to say. “He and David seemed really sweet.  Kind of cool that he actually saw Captain America.  Not that he had to go to war, of course, but still.  Interesting, what he said about him.  I guess the real guy, he was probably a lot different than the comics and radio show, all that.  They probably sanitized it a lot.  Rescuing dames and punching Hitler,” Tony said with a low laugh.  “Guess it wasn’t really like that.  Hard to sell stepping over body parts, I suppose.”
“Doesn’t seem to bode well,” Steve had said, but there had been a ghost of a smile lurking there, so Tony hadn’t worried.  “You okay?” Steve had asked then, sounding concerned.
“Weird, like ‘Wow, I’m so glad I got away from this guy, lucky me,’ weird, or weird like, ‘Wow, I’m a glutton for punishment and still have a stuffed toy in my desk drawer that I’m disturbingly attached to and now I kind of want to hug it,’ kind of weird?” Rhodey questioned pointedly.
“The lakehouse,” Steve said quietly.  The sounds stopped.  Tony’s end of the phone went silent.  Then, finally, the sound of a shuddering intake of air.
“I’m not—no.  He hasn’t even asked.  I mean, I’m sure he’s curious, but,” Tony replied feeling suddenly…something.  Nauseous, maybe.  Defensive.  He had to forcibly resist the urge to clutch his hands around a car battery that wasn’t there.  “I’m not—I’m not giving it to anyone. This is, it’s me—mine. I mean.  It isn’t for the company or—whatever.”
“See something you like?” Tony asked, all charm now.  He raised his eyebrows in question and stroked his hand over Steve’s arm, then down his chest, then lower.  “I think you do.”
“You could tell me more about how amazing microwaves are,” Tony suggested with a wicked grin.  “Coulson said you popped like twenty bags of popcorn one time.”
“I—I didn’t--I didn’t mean—it’s just—“ Tony stammered, trying to find words willing to come out of his suddenly dry throat.
He always wanted to see his friend, but particularly this morning.  It felt wrong, somehow, not seeing Shellhead down on the beach like usual when he took his morning swim, as if he was maybe avoiding Steve.  Steve knew he was jumping to conclusions, but, well…Shellhead wasn’t there, and he almost always was when Steve got up, and last night had been…what it was.  Whatever the reason, he wanted to see Shellhead with a sharp, fierce need like a drumbeat in his chest pounding out Shellhead’s name. He could call it concern, if he wanted, and maybe that was part of it, but mostly, Steve just needed to set eyes on him.  Make sure last night hadn’t changed things too much. Or make sure it had, he wasn’t sure which outcome he wanted, he realized with a tight grimace.
“I believe Mr. Stark’s assistant already made the necessary arrangements.  I’m sure it won’t be a problem to accommodate your needs,” Steward assured them.
“So, did you work on anything new this afternoon?” Steve asked.  He was clearly trying to make conversation.  Effort, Tony reminded himself.
“Drop the needle, Friday, time for some adult alone tiiiim—time with important inventing of things.  Not adult things. Well, I mean, adult things, obviously, but not adult-adult, which would be wrong and has clearly never happened, ever,” Tony said quickly, coming to an abrupt halt when he caught sight of Steve sitting at his work station, reaching for one of the parts Tony had left scattered on the tabletop.  “What are you doing here?”
“Something simple,” Tony promised. “Simple, as in, I let Pepper handle it, and no former boxing champions were harmed.”
“Art,” Steve supplied almost hesitantly. “I draw. Paint some, when I have time.” Huh. That was a surprise, Tony had to admit. Most Alphas would only paint if it involved shooting pellets at other Alphas and calling it performance art.
“Sure, sure, if that’s the way you want it,” Brock agreed, downing a long sip of beer with a slurp.  “Hey, so, here’s what I was talking to Jack about last night for the business…”
“Anything,” Tony said, grabbing Steve’s hand and wrapping his own around it.  “You can talk to me about anything.  I want to hear it. Whatever it is.”
“Well, he’s not going to make it easy on you, that’s for damn sure,” Barnes pointed out grimly. “He likes you, though.  See him get all prickly about you?  Gets his back up, that’s how you can tell,” Barnes grinned, and for a moment, Tony could see the young man he must have been before all of this happened.  War.  Bureaucracy.  Pettiness. Life. Tony.  Whatever.   Warmth seeped through his chest at Barnes’ words.  He couldn’t help it.  He knew the roadblock in front of him, but still, hearing it from Barnes, from Steve’s best friend…well, it wasn’t nothing, at least.  “God, you should see your face.  You’re all,” Barnes pantomimed some kind of ridiculously sappy expression, making Tony’s face pull into a frown.   “If you let him go, you’re the world’s biggest idiot, you know that, right?”
“Like I said, it was just a couple of sentences. Not much to go on, I know,” Bruce replied with a slight shrug of his shoulders. “Tony,” he began, then shut his mouth and wiped a hand over the grimace that was forming. “What’s this about? Really? Is something up with Steve?”
“This uniform is patriotic. The Constitution?  Patriotic. The flag?  Patriotism waving in the breeze,” Rhodey said, splaying his hand in the air in front of him.  “Watching the two of you go at it like a couple of seals fighting over a grape? Not my patriotic duty, man.”
“Is that a note of skepticism I hear in your voice?” Tony asked with a deprecating laugh that devolved into a groan.  “Maybe it scares him away.  If I say something now.  Too soon, right?  That’s a thing. We’ve got a few more days of this, then—then everything can be said that needs to be said without the worry that he finds my whole carving our initials in a tree thing more stalker-lite than romantic.”
He felt the warm breath of Steve’s sigh against the back of his neck as Steve’s arms tightened around him.
“We all did three per person,” Natasha replied. She had a plastic tourniquet binding Steve’s upper arm just above where Bruce was probing at the veins that webbed beneath Steve’s skin.  “He hasn’t needed any.”
“Sometimes, I just don’t know what I’m supposed to be doing,” Steve said finally, then reached out to shut off the water, for which Tony was eternally grateful in ways he couldn’t quite comprehend.  “Seems everything I do, it isn’t quite right, you know?  Nothing’s quite right.  But, I can’t stop doing it, can I?”
Lightning flashed again, closer this time, Steve thought, by the roll of thunder that preceded it.  Stiffly, he got up and walked his cup of tea over to the tub of dirty dishes waiting to be washed.   He could hear the storm raging outside, and on impulse, he opened the shutter on the small window, letting the cold air rush inside.
“Do you? Do you really? Then what the fuck are we still doing here?” Bucky pressed. As always, he was the one who refused to take Steve at his word, though there was almost a sense of relief at knowing that, Steve thought, at not being allowed the ease of an agreement he wasn’t sure he believed.
The co-pilot hopped out and opened the door as the blades slowed, and Steve ducked his head and followed Tony out of the helicopter and back onto the hotel’s roof. The wind whipped his hair and jacket as the helicopter took to the air again, probably to head off to some nearby hangar where people like Tony Stark kept grown-up toys like this.
Howard had settled on hate fueled, Tony had come to suspect, by his own insecurities, honed by a lifetime as a Beta, clawing and grasping his way through a world where the Alphas made climbing to the top look so easy.  His mother had chosen love, and that meant, for her, at least, making Tony into the perfect Omega, one who find an Alpha to take care of him, dote on him, even, if he was lucky enough, beautiful enough, good enough, then he could have that.  Everything would be so easy for him, if he’d just let it.
And now here he was, in some kind of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous beach day setting that Tony had apparently put together.  For him.  He’d just been telling himself not to read too much into swimming trunks, and now this.  He honestly didn’t know what to think.
He was suddenly conscious of his nakedness under the robe.  He was half-hard, and could feel his cock stiffening as Tony’s gaze dropped down, then raised again, expression speculative.  A thread of heat squirmed low in his belly.  He could feel himself clench up, body going tense as he waited, mind insistently presenting him with the image of bending over Tony’s lap and waiting for a blow, just letting it happen, the whoosh of air, the sharp sound of it, the awful shame at the way a part of him relished the thought twisting through his stomach and hardening his cock even more.
Steve nodded lamely, then dropped his gaze to the floor.  When the man—when Kirk, who was standing here in Steve’s crappy apartment, looking amazing with his wide, brown eyes and soft curls, too-tight jeans and AC/DC t-shirt—said it out loud, the half-baked scheme Steve had cooked up in his head the night before sounded ridiculous.  He’d been desperate, because Professor Martin had pulled him aside after class and warned him about the grade.  A failing grade was bad enough on its own, but it put his scholarship at risk, and if he lost that, there was no way he could afford the tuition.
“Thank you, Miss Potts,” Tony said with a small smile.  “Think I should change?” Tony asked, looking down at his t-shirt with a cat in sunglasses waving merrily.  “What does one wear to meet the former sniper, platonic life partner of the fake husband you want to real date whose life you kind of accidentally ruined until you offered him money to see him naked?”
Steve winced a little as Peggy’s voice rang in his head, as clear there at the end as when she had been younger.  It had been hard, that last year or so, when her mind took her so often back to the War.  Harder still, because she talked of things that Steve didn’t want to be reminded of, let alone talk about.
How had even agreed to pick this thing up, whatever it was? Some piece she spotted at one of those galleries pretentious enough to sell a Venus de Milo made of literal shit for thousands of dollars and call itself charitable because it gave space to aspiring artists who had not yet risen to the level of feces-based sculpture.
“Er, yeah.   It--It’s not bad, really. Tad old fashioned, considering where we are, but, eh.  It works for you, I guess,” Tony agreed. “So, what is this thing, anyway? Shield? You know, Cap, in the comics, he had a kind of triangular-shaped shield. Used to punch Nazis with it.  Bet he would have loved one like this. Can I?” he reached out making motions with his hands, and the alien handed the round metal sphere over. It was surprisingly light. Tony flipped it around.  The back was smooth, except for some kind of flat panel in the center. “Electromagnetic, huh?” Tony guessed. “Nice. I could do better, but nice. You really think it could contain the arc reactor without degrading?”
“There’s a connecting wire from the back of the reactor.  You need to plug that into the port at the back of the plate in his chest housing,” JARVIS said quickly.  Okay, so, in fairness, Tony could admit that was a tad clearer than his explanation. “Here, I’m sending you a schematic.”
“He will,” Cam assured him with his usual certainty as he brushed the crumbs off his hands.  “He likes you.”
“Something with veggies, please, JARVIS,” Steve requested, ignoring Tony’s mock indignant look from where he was perched on his workstation stool.
“Casper, yes.  He wanted State,” Peggy remarked.  “But, no, I think it’s time for me.  Things are…changing.  At SHIELD.  With the government.  Everywhere, it seems. They’re running out of uses for us, Howard.  Can’t you tell?  They’re giving Pierce the Secretary job, by the way. Thought you’d want to know.”
“Who said I was talking about Rogers?” Fury huffed with half of a laugh as he swept off down the hall in a swirl of leather coat.
“You…you just said you wanted to learn,” Steve said, frowning in confusion.  “There’s nothing to be afraid of, Tony.  It’s pretty easy, once you get the hang of it,” Steve continued, seeming relieved, like he’d solved something.  “You’ll do fine.”
He stopped and looked away, towards the sun where it hung low in the morning sky. The waves were starting to pick up. He could feel their motion shift the bottom under his feet.  He looked back over at the creature, his mouth pulling into a curious smile.
“Okay. Okay, then.  I’m just—I’m—“ Steve stammered.  “I’m honestly trying to figure out anything at all to say right now that doesn’t involve asking where the nearest bus is so I can throw myself in front of it.”
Without further preamble, Tony pushed his finger in to the knuckle, then held it there, letting Steve adjust to the sudden invasion.  Dear God, he was so fucking tight.  Like heat and wet and pressure and seriously, Tony needed to stop thinking ahead and focus on making this good for Steve, but holy hell.
, Steve,” Tony said.  His arms wrapped around Steve’s back and held him to his chest, slowly stroking along Steve’s shoulders and down the ridges of his spine.  “Tell me what is the matter?  A sickness or—”
“Steve…” she started, and he could tell her guard was up and she was being cautious now, “Steve, Stark didn’t care about the money.  He said I could send Cirque du Soleil to Hammer and put it on his tab.”
And he promised not to hurt Tony, like he honestly meant it, and that sounded so different from why do you make me do this. Maybe they weren't really different, he didn't know, but he wanted to believe they were, that there was a space where this difference existed and maybe, just maybe, Steve lived in that space, and would let Tony live there, too.
“Fine.  I already did most of the project,” Tony admitted, then pressed a kiss to the outline of Steve’s rib.  His project was currently sitting in a pile of wires and electrodes in the robots’ bedroom, which was what he called the spare room where DUM-E and U were stashed, with their posters of Wall-E, BB-8 and the Curiosity Rover on the wall.  Eventually, he hoped, if he could get the damn algorithm right, the system would detect feedback a person’s brainwaves in a just a few seconds, without even needing a voice command.  In theory.  It was exhausting, trying to think his way through each command, though.  Felt unnatural. Had to be an easier way, but damn if he could think of it. Anyway, point being, it was mostly—almost—sort of all the way done. “We’re going to watch the extended editions of Lord of the Rings. Please don’t nitpick the battles this time.”
It was almost like going through a practiced series of motions, he thought, everyone slipping into the role of pall-bearer for something both long-buried and eternal. We have all known loss, Steve thought, eyes falling on each of them as they rode.  Family, friends, fellow soldiers.  Each of them understood what it was like to face it, to be the one who lived, the one who has to carry it, and the one who has to choose to put it down.  Sorrow was the only burden easier to bear than to let go.
“Oh, no, it’s fine, ma’am.  I’m sure the construction site can keep do without me for a bit,” Steve smiled.
“Oh, God, shut up,” Tony cut in with a groan.  “It’s a good thing you’re pretty, you know that?  You’re going to drive me crazy with this whole weight of the world thing you have going.  Come on, Atlas, fucking shrug for a God-damn minute, would you?  I can help.  I want to help.  It isn’t about owing you, it’s because I happen to care about what happens to you, you stubborn, walking…martyr complex!  God,” Tony ground out again, loudly this time, then rubbed a hand through his hair and pushed back against his chair.  Steve watch him check the looks of the people seated around them, then pull himself back up to the table and lean over his plate, finishing off the egg in a few bites and downing the rest of his wine, only to have the server appear from the ether to refill his glass.
“Hi,” Tony replied with a charming smile. It may have been hard for Steve to tell how charming it was, what with Tony’s face buried in the crook of his neck.  Probably not a good angle.
Tony tried to follow the conversation, though his head was still too fuzzy to do much more than piece the jumble of words and sounds together.
“You’ll get one right around the time you can single-handedly take out a terrorist cell, how about?” Rumlow replied.  “Gotta be all special-like to get that kind of service out of your service, know what I mean?”
“That’s the Van Dyne girl, right?  Vernon’s daughter?” Peggy asked.  Maria nodded.  “I thought I recognized her last night.”
“Do you hear this cheek? Where could he have picked up such a worrisome habit?” Tony asked Steve with a wide grin.  “You will be as ‘learned and wise’ as your King when you learn to be patient and sit still for your lessons, something I am given to understand gives you trouble upon occasion,” Tony admonished lightly.
“Hey, uh, Steve?  You okay?” Tony asked, reaching out a hesitant hand and finally settling on cupping it around Steve’s wrist after a couple of aborted attempts.  Through his suit, Steve could feel the warmth of Tony’s hand there, solid and real and here. He looked over at him.
me.  He needed me to take care of him, and you…you just shoved that shield at him, patted him on the head and handed him another world to fix!” Tony spat out.  “What the hell is wrong with you people?”
“I guess,” Steve replied, turning back to look out the window.  “They were always after the ward boss, got couple of ‘em, but Mom said it was on account of them bein’ Irish and Catholic.”
“Don’t point that thing at me.  You think I’m stupid enough to oogle Cap’s O like some horny kid?  Nah, man, no way,” Rumlow hissed. “I like my face the way it is, thanks.”
This time, Tony was a little more prepared, but the rush of peace and calm that flooded through him was still welcome.  To his surprise, nothing happened for a long time, and then, finally, an image flitted through Tony’s mind. Bizarrely, it was of George Washington from a children’s book his father brought him back from D.C. one time. Probably something Howard picked up at the airport, and way too young for Tony by then, but it had been something.  Some sign that his father thought of him while he was away, even if it was an afterthought. In the image, a cartoonishly-drawn George Washington was standing next to a chopped-down cherry tree, and the speech bubble above held Washington’s famous quote, “I can’t tell a lie, Pa, you know I can’t tell a lie. I cut it down with my hatchet.”
The next time Steve woke up, he woke up to a killer headache pounding in his skull, making him close his eyes tightly in hope of the headache going away soon, a few deep breaths later, the headache becomes bearable, and Steve was able to open his eyes and gaze around the place he was in, frowning when he saw that he was in his bedroom, but with no memory of how he got here.
"Of c-course, Pep, you are the only candidate for the Godmother position!" Tony laughed nervously, hoping against hope that Natasha, who was waiting for Rhodey and Pepper in her car didn't hear that, or else, he was so dead, which was a shame considering that he was still so young and have a child on the way.
The third time Anton was reincarnated… he was a woman… and he saw her Renaissance period, it was beautiful and sad at the same time. Her name was Antonette, she was beautiful, Gods how beautiful she was, so full of life and hope, she used to look at the sky just like how Anton used to and she will smile when she saw him shine like she knew he was watching over her, the day she called him her 'Lucky star' he nearly cried, because he can see traces of Anton in her.
That day Tony received an album with pictures of his teen years in MIT with Pepper and Rhodey, that made the Omega give a watery smile and hug his friends tightly refusing to let them go, nearly crying out in happiness at the thoughtful present, even Pepper's mate helped with editing and improving the old pictures which made the Omega give the Beta a tight hug as thanks causing the Beta to fidget in embarrassment, especially when he was given the name 'Happy' by Peter. Natasha gave him his first dagger, a beautiful one at that with embodied flowers on the hilt and sheath, though Angie nearly popped a vine as she scolds the Alpha about daggers not being what someone calls a birthday gift. Still, Tony hugged the Alpha tightly at that thanking her for the present while asking her to teach him how to use it. Peggy gave him a Shield phone, some kind of futuristic device which made Tony's jaw nearly fall from its place, and Tony felt the ache that he felt all these months ago since he survived, the urge to disassemble the gadget and see what made it work and tick, but the Omega shook his head and gave the Alpha a huge grin before hugging her tightly. Angie gave him the hat that he spent fifteen years pestering her about, which made him croon in triumph at the thought of finally getting the red hat that aunt Peggy gave Angie when they start courting, which made Peggy raise her brow causing Angie to grin. Jarvis gave him his special chocolate that he only makes on Tony's birthday which the Omega had to stop himself from opening the package like a savage and gulping the whole thing down. His father brought him a car, a classic old thing that Tony fell in love with. His mother gave him his grandma necklace, a diamond necklace that passed through his family from generation to generation. Steve…
"Poor baby! Didn't Stevie tell you what it meant to date an Addams?" Serpentine cooed in a motherly voice, the glee in her eyes though, informed Tony that 'Stevie' didn't tell him what it meant on purpose. "Well, he was brainwashed for seventy years, of course, he will forget!" Serpentine tried to justify, but she couldn't play Tony, not when Tony was a businessman with many doctorates and a higher IQ than most living beings on this plant (If you didn't count his stupid trusting personality) "Well, dating is a serious for the Addams family, so serious that we only ask someone on a date once sometimes twice in a lifetime, excluding people asking us; we consider the first date as the courting phase, and if the person we asked out agree to the second date -which you did- it means the agree to our propose of marriage!" Serpentine sighed happily floating from side to side as she giggled, ignoring how the blood left all of Tony's face leaving him as pale as a sheet.
"It went great, Ma!" Steve stated with an equally wide grin, and Tony tried hard not to grimace as the memory of the cemetery and Stane flashed through his mind. Tony really wanted to hit Steve for that big fat lie, but Tony paused for a second; every date ending in a murder is a success in the Addams family view… he thinks… "Tony agreed to a second date!" Tony took a step back when Steve sighed like a schoolgirl and gazed at Tony with heart in his eyes… OK, it's getting a little bit freaky, especially when Serpentine squealed in delight.
Sam gave Tony a long look before a small smile took over his face as his eyes turned toward the photo on the desk. "Yes, I have a son and a daughter…" Sam said which made Tony swallow at that.
Thankfully, the house didn't hold any signs of the break and enter that dominated Tony's thought, for the past month, which was the only reason why he didn't run out of the house as soon as he can. "Are you sure, sweetheart? You know we can stay in Manhattan until you are feeling better." Steve asked him when they reached their home, the kids nodding their heads and gazing at the house with mistrust as if another monster was waiting for them inside.
Peggy let out a hollow laugh as she leaned back on the sofa to gaze at the ceiling. "Therapy won't work Steven, it never does, and if it ever did then it will be a temporary fix, and Steve already refuses to go to it no matter how much I arranged a session for him, so this will be all for nothing." Peggy whispered as she let out a tired sigh and leaned on Steven, making the man put his arm around her and pull her in for a loose hug. "Losing someone's mate, even if it was temporary is a hell, taking another mate will never work out, if it did then the happiness will only last a decade, maybe two? Most Alphas became either abusive after that or possessive beyond imagination, always hurting their new mates and whatever pup they had, for Omegas they become depressed and suicidal not caring about their lives… I don't want that kind of life for Tony, God, his parents are rolling in their graves now for how I failed taking care of their son… they would have never let him stand in the same room as Rogers if they were here right now. God Steven why didn't you ask Tony for his permission to curt him in Asgard, then we wouldn't be in this situation at all…" Peggy said which made Steven bite his lower lip and breath harshly through his nose.
Harley knew that Mr. Tony was kind, he knew Mr. Tony saved him from bad things that were going to happen to him if he stayed on the street and he also convinced Mr. Steve to hurry the adoption process so Harley would go live with them. He knows that Mr. Steve was kind and that Pete would always have his back. It didn't stop Harley from waiting for Mr. Tony to convince Mr. Steve and Peter to return Harley to the clinic; it didn't stop him from thinking of the worse and brace himself for the bad future that was going to happen. That's why Harley needed to be prepared, that's why he had to stop from getting attached to the Rogers family more than he already did.
Waking up Tony realized that there was still a bit time left before it was dawn, which made everything perfect for the Omega, perfect to start with the plan he thought of. The Omega stretched as he sat on the bed, gently removing his Alpha's protective hands away, kissing the Alpha on the cheek and smiling when he felt the beard tickle his lips, a pleasure that Tony only stayed for a few seconds to enjoy before he was up.
His Omega, for the first time in Steven's life, his inner Omega was silent, it was as if it disappeared as if it was never there in the first place, and as much as it broke Steven's heart, his heart wasn't as hurt and bleeding as it was at the thought of the pup that he no longer felt inside, it made Steven open his eyes and stare at the ceiling tiredly, wondering if it was worth it, crying over a dead pup that he didn't even hold in his arms; Steven needed to put all of this unneeded emotions away, so far away until he has the time to reflect on them, until he wasn't feeling like he would scream and cry and curse the Gods because of them.
Steve, on the other hand, could only squeak as Tony latch into him and refuse to let go; a pretty blush make its way over from Steve's face and disappeared under his shirt, but to Tony's credit he didn't command on it, too busy fake-sobbing and pleading with Steve to give him the secret to making the armor that he dubbed as the 'One' (And an Engagement gift from Steve, not that Steve needs to know about it or anything). "Let me go, you uncultured beast!" Steve squeaked as he tried to wiggle out of Tony's hold, his face turning redder by the second.
"You are awake, good." The man with the silver arm said eyebrow twitching when the realization that the two of them were fighting each other with pillows, he wondered how strong Steven's aim was to turn Tony's nose red with just a fluffy feathery pillow.
That made everyone sigh in relief, and a happy sob left Maria who was shaking and looking at the ceiling. "J.A.R.V.I.S. do you know Steven Rogers?" Maria asked, and she hoped he knows after all the AI was made in 1999, when Tony was living with the Omega, right?
It took Steve ten minutes to wipe himself clean and dressed in his clean clothes, throwing his old ones in the hamper. It was another minute or so before Steve starts hearing the police's sirens, causing him to let out a tired sigh and leave the bathroom; Steve pressed his lips tightly when he saw that Tony wasn't waiting for him there. For a second Steve felt a little angry at how his husband left him when he knew how unsafe Steve felt; in the end, Steve let it go, his husband was acting strange ever since he started taking extra time in SI.
"Wait, wait, wait! Don't take it on me! I am innocent!" Bucky gulp as he backed away from Steve who looked a minute away from exploding, and maybe Steve was, he was not backing down from this fight! He will at least master one dance even if he had to stay for the whole night with Bucky. "Why don't you dance with Peggy? She is better than me at this, she will teach you how to dance flawlessly I promise!" Bucky laughed nervously only to grimace when Steve ignores his words.
"He was… he was Tony's fiancé…" Rhodey said after a while trying to get his thought back together, his mind going into overdrive trying to remember everything Tony told him about the small Omega, the declaration seemed to stun Maria as she had to take a seat or she will fall. "He met him in 1998… Tony was so in love with him… used to talk my ear off about him…" Rhodey said clearing his throat as he felt a lump preventing him from talking.
"T-tony…" Howard muttered opening his eyes, his father's voice made Tony stand up shushing the older man gently.
"Peter Rogers, it's nice to meet you, sir." The boy said not realizing the storm he created in Tony's mind, the Alpha looked at the boy shakily when he said that name trying to smile and failing, it wasn't like the kid had said something wrong, it's just that, him and Steve had chosen that name a long time ago when they were deciding on their future children's names, and hearing that name being uttered followed by the name Rogers was just too much.
Six months, that's how old his baby was, six months starting today. It will also mark half a year since Tony moved into this strange town, whose everyone in it was too friendly to be real, but maybe that's what was wrong from the start; Tony doesn't believe that people can be good without wanting something in return, maybe that's the whole reason why he was losing his mind in the first place, maybe if he just took a step back everything will be fine.
… he became and the way he deals with things." Fury said, standing up from his chair before going to the pot of coffee on the other side of his office, pouring two cups and offering one to Tony before returning to his chair. "What do you want to know?" Fury asked, taking a sip from his coffee, his eyes don't stray from Tony who was thinking about Fury's words.
Tony infuses just the right amount of helpless anger in his voice, averts his eyes from Steve, and holds in a giggle when the armour tells him Steve finally smiles.
There were even gym appliances, rings, bars, and… was that a five-hundred-pound weight? What kind of monster could lift
Steve won’t be reasoned with, and he’s right, of course he’s right, he should never have trusted Tony, and Tony shouldn’t have pretended everything was fine when the universe is falling apart around them. He shouldn’t have accepted to be an Avenger, he should have moved away, shouldn’t have told himself he deserved to live in the same place as all the real heroes. He should have told Steve, damn the consequences, and he wouldn’t have been alone with the knowledge that they were doomed.
And that was another thing Steve wondered about. Why had Stark and the Witch been in a relationship? What had Stark seen in her? Her looks? She was the opposite of Steve from before the curse: petite, dark-haired, dark-eyed. Maybe that was what Stark liked?
He needed… he needed something warm, a nice fire, and maybe something to eat, something to hold so that his hands would just
What now? Will Steve calm down so they can talk this out? Does he really want to fight against dozens of iron men?
“JARVIS, dim the lights,” Tony instructed, shifting closer to Steve.  If his Omega wanted him to sleep, he would sleep.  Steve grabbed one of his hands and placed it over his own heart, letting Tony feel the steady beat and rhythmic in and out of Steve’s breathing.  It was surprisingly comforting, pressed against Steve like this, being able to breathe in his scent, feel the evidence beneath his hand that Steve was alive and calm and safe.   Or maybe not so surprising.
The rolls of letters filling his pack looked vaguely accusatory as he looked down at them, though they held nothing but Tony’s rambling thoughts, a painful sort of kindness that begged to be returned in a way Steve wasn’t sure he was able, though not for any lack of devotion.   Loving Tony was easy. He couldn’t shake the feeling that being loved by Tony was harder than it should be, like an unearned gift that came with an expectation he couldn’t meet, no matter how badly he wanted to do so.
“Pepper mentioned something about ways to break the bond.  I don’t know if that’s possible, but…I understand if that’s what you want.  I don’t want to hold you to something that you aren’t comfortable with, Tony.  If you want out, just say so,” Steve said, blue eyes boring into his.
He was also fairly sure that was the definition of giving himself false hope, but he couldn’t think of a better option at the moment.  Tony could. Tony would have known what to grab from the bits and pieces of plane parts and would probably have weaponized the cabin’s sad looking portable stove by now.
“Ah,” Tony said.  “Do you want to share what you saw this time?  It’s alright if you don’t,” he added quickly, almost like an apology.
“Oh, I had several ideas in mind.  I procured several peacock feathers, and rather think you would have learned from such a transgression by being tied down and having your cock teased with them,” Tony said, eyebrows raised while he watched Steve with a considering expression.
“A divorce?  Are you kidding? Of course I don’t want a damn divorce, Steve. I love you, you giant, noble idiot!” Tony shouted, standing up fast enough to nearly knock Steve off his feet.  “I want in.”
His attitude about the wolf had changed a lot since Tony came across the cub injured and near death a few days after they left the camp where they wintered after their harrowing departure from Clan country on the heels of dark looks and a stilted, awkward atmosphere that seemed like a branch being pulled at both ends, ready to snap. Tony was glad to go, even if it meant a long, fraught journey back to Steve’s people.
“That’s a good idea,” Tony said. “I’ll tell Pepper to see it done,” he continued, gripping one of the posts as he exited the tent.  He pounded the post once, nodded at Steve, then left.
“Yeah, I’ll bet you do,” Steve replied with a soft chuckle.  “That big brain of yours probably thinks up all kinds of things, huh?” Again, Shellhead nodded, though this time, a small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth, like he found Steve’s observations rather amusing in some way.  Shellhead tapped a finger against his temple, and one of his tentacles slithered over the side of the boat and pointed at the little pump. It was quiet now, but Steve had seen how efficiently the invention worked, and he had to admit to being incredibly impressed.  “The pump? What about it?” Steve frowned, then brightened. Setting the length of rope he had been fiddling with aside, Steve sat up a bit. “You mean you think about things like the pump! Like...other machines and things?”
Steve frowned, opened his mouth to say something, then closed it again.  Okay, clearly that—that was—Steve had been in the Army for Christ’s sake.  In
“Is something amiss?” Tony asked, drawing his hand back and canting his head to the side to regard Steve with concern lining his brow.
“Bullshit, nothing happened,” Tony growled.  He felt Tony stroke a hand through his hair, soft and light.  It felt good. Comforting. It had been so long since someone touched him in a way that wasn’t taking, Steve realized.  In a way that was only giving. That was Tony’s touch. He leaned into it, unable to help himself.
Memories, Steve thought to himself, memories written in that same clear, concise script that had been on the movie reels, done when she knew what was coming and wanted to hold on to as much as she could.  Had she done this then?  Changed her will?  Had she seen something, even then, long before Steve ever even thought it, at least not consciously?
Tentatively, Steve darted his tongue into the wide channel before him, licking deep. He tasted a wild, wonderfully heady mix of his own spend, cherry, and the man’s sweaty, musky taste. He licked again, and felt the man’s ass quiver. He could hear more low, guttural moans coming from behind the wall, so he supposed this was good. Swirling his tongue, Steve caught some of the remains of his own cum and spread it around inside the man’s hole then caught his teeth just barely against the rim.
The alien was watching him with a curious expression, the kind that Happy got when he was trying to play Sudoku.  Like Tony was a puzzle the alien couldn’t quite figure out. The alien reached out and stroked one of his long, smooth fingers across Tony’s jaw, then frowned, and Tony felt a sense of deep, aching loneliness that wasn’t his own threaten to overwhelm him before it was gone as quickly as it came.  In its wake, it seemed to pull whatever tiny fragments of fear or concern had drifted into Tony’s mind with it, leaving only that same tranquility in its place. Tony made a soft humming noise of his own. The alien smiled down at him, wide and beautiful and almost...embarrassed? Was it blushing?  Tony thought it might be, and for some reason, that was such a delightfully human reaction that Tony couldn’t help but grin in return.
“Are you—are you sure?” Tony asked, a nauseating hesitancy filling his stomach now that he’d actually gotten what he wanted.  What had possessed him?  This was crazy.  He swallowed down and tasted bile.  Steve was laughing, but this was serious.  Like, the illegal kind of serious.  Steve worked for the government.  They could get in trouble.  Real trouble. The kind that came with records and handcuffs and probably a call to Director Fury’s office for something more than a stern talking to.  “Really, it isn’t a big deal.  I mean.  I can always call Happy.  Like you said.”
“Every day,” Steve said, tapping softly at the edge of the glass in the frame.  He bent down and placed a soft, gentle kiss to Tony’s lips.  “I love you,” he added as he pulled away, smiling softly down at Tony.
“Weird doesn’t really cover this,” Tony grimaced.  “There’s too much going on for me to…do this.  And Steve, he’s not—he doesn’t…it’s--he’s just trying to help, you know?  Like a job-thing.  Get his stupid seven grand and help his roomie—“
Though, he had learned there were limits to that freedom when he attempted to leave the harem compound by way of the large, red doors only to be turned back by Zola’s guards.  Four of them, with tall, wickedly-pointed pikes held out in front of them, though none had touched Steve, only ordered him to return to his chambers.  Fighting them off would have been a simple enough matter, but getting out of the compound had always been the easiest part of any escape.  It was getting out of an unfamiliar and unfriendly city teeming with Tony’s own guards that presented the biggest challenge.  Of course, Tony had, unknowingly, offered Steve exactly that opportunity, if he but waited for it.
Lies and love, so intertwined as to be almost indistinguishable.  Steve let his eyes fall shut for a moment, then opened them again and watched Peggy cross over to where Tony sat on the floor by his mother’s feet. She knelt down, hair swinging in front of her face a bit and reached out to peel the action figure away from Tony’s chest just a bit.
He arched his back and traced the outline of his ribs again, rubbed circles in the hollow at the base of his throat, touched all the places that held memories of Tony’s touch.  Tony’s mouth. His cock was standing up between his legs, dripping fluid, like some obscene tableau, but the pressure there seemed distant somehow. Not waning, if anything, it was worse, but it didn’t matter as much. He spread his legs wider. He hated how much he liked that, being exposed like this.  Tony had always talked about it, and it--it did things to him. The thought of it. It was terrible, awful, horrifying, and intriguing at the same time. The wantonness of it. Except, he could do that now, and no one was really looking, so it didn’t matter. It was alright to enjoy it.
He was surprised at how steady his voice sounded, when it felt like his whole body was on the verge of fraying into pieces, but the thing that was following so closely on his heels wanted him to move, and that was really all he could do.  Something with claws was squeezing his heart like it was one of those stress relief balls, the bright yellow kind with a happy face on it that distorted into a bloated rictus with each pump.
“Not really,” Tony admitted. “A few, when we were kids.  Mostly.”  His thoughts flickered to David. David and his pretty watch.  I will not be jealous of David and the fucking Dasani at the same time, Tony told himself firmly.  One depressing spate of self-hatred at a go, please.
“Back in Brooklyn, you mean?” Tony asked.  Steve’s New York accent was showing, something it rarely did.  Usually only popped up when they were talking about something to do with Steve’s childhood.  Ward bosses. Huh.  He hadn’t heard that term before, but California was its own political beast and probably didn’t share a lot in common with the East Coast.
“Thank you for proving my point,” Tony shot back, giving Steve a small nod.   “First crush?  Please say the nerdy kid who knew all the science and math answers.”
A dull, aching sadness seemed to weigh him down.  Tony wasn’t sure how long he stayed like that. The sun had moved enough that a slash of light squeezed in between the blinds and cut a line across the dining table.  He should call Rhodey, at least. Matt, too, probably. Definitely Pepper, with her blue flowers. He should ask her to get rid of those, but he couldn’t quite muster the energy for the request.  He needed to let them know what happened with Steve. Let them do some damage control or whatever. He wasn’t quite ready to say it out loud though, not yet. That would make it real. So, he just…didn’t.   His phone buzzed in his pocket, and he pulled it out. Rhodey’s face lit up the screen. Tony tossed the phone to the side, letting it go to voicemail. He didn’t think he could take sympathy at this point.
It wasn’t a young thought, not really, not like those thoughts, but it wasn’t a grown-up thought, either.  It helped, oddly.  Maybe because if you were going to fly in a metal suit using the world’s most powerful pixie dust, you should probably try believing.  Think of a wonderful thought.  Any merry, little thought.
Years of thinking about the ‘bots, the code, the idea of them, months of working on them, and here he was, celebrating success by wiping slick out of his ass because all his stupid brain could think about was how good it would feel if it were Steve’s hands, strong and wide, long, blunted fingers, sliding over him, between him, inside him, filling him.
Tony lifted the cubed glass and took a long swallow, relishing the familiar burn as the alcohol ran down his throat and soured into his stomach.  He rubbed absently at the titanium band that circled around his wrist, covering the smooth, unblemished skin there where his soulmark would be.
When the buttons were undone, Tony pushed the tunic off Steve’s shoulders and let it fall to the floor.  I should pick it up, Steve thought, though it carried no weight or effort behind it. Tony’s hands were on the ties of his breeches and the tunic, in all its finery, was forgotten.
It was strange, Tony thought to himself as they ducked into the diner, a rush of warm air greeting him. He couldn’t quite put a name to the spread of warmth that ran through him as he saw that a good half of Steve’s body was now drenched. It had been—well, it had been a long time since someone tried to take care of him because they wanted to and not because of his name or his money. It felt…his mind stuttered around for the right word. It felt comforting. Safe. How long had it been since he’d felt like that? Before the debacle in Afghanistan. Maybe long before that.
He remembered always knowing not to talk about it. It wasn’t said explicitly, at least, not until much later, but he knew. He
“Yeah,” Tony cut him off.  “I’m not saying I don’t get it.  Rhodey needs me to take my clothes off, I’m absolutely doing it.  Mostly, he’s spent years trying to get me to keep my clothes
“Did you have snowball fights?” Peggy asked.  “I remember that from my days at Howell, on the rare occasions we got anything other than the usual Welsh drizzle.  It’s raining old women and sticks. That’s what they would say.  Never made a lick of sense, but there you have the Welsh for you.”
“Look, you want out?  Fine!” Brock shouted at him, jabbing his hand sharply at the air. “Whatever, man.  When the check clears, you give me my million, and we go our separate ways.  Fine.  Whatever.  Your loss.”
“Come on, you can’t tap out!  Night’s still young,” Brock protested, spreading his arms wide.  “We’re celebrating!  Can’t ya get some from the petty cash at the bar or something?”
“Yes.  For you,” Tony slurred out.  “Good. For you. Alpha.  For you,” he repeated with a blush of fuzzy, pleased contentment.  Steve hugged Tony to his chest, keeping him there for some period of time that Tony’s dulled brain couldn’t measure.
It was stupid and pointless, he knew that. A garage? Not SI or, God, maybe something actually useful like the online classes or a bank card, no, he had to bet it all on a rickety old, halfway to condemnation garage filled with useless robots that stuck the landing on artificial and missed the intelligence portion of our evening by a mile and ideas that would never mean anything, but they were his. His. Sometimes, even the stupid and pointless things mattered, when that was all you had.
“Oh.  Oh, okay.  Ah, can I—can I see you?  Tonight, I mean,” Steve clarified, wincing at how needy that sounded.
“You’re not a bad person because you made weapons, Tony.  You think I’m a bad person because I used those weapons you made?” Steve asked pointedly.
“Good,” Tony replied, sounding more relieved than he should. He shook himself, tilting his head to the side, mouth flattening for a moment. “I thought, perhaps, with the boy…”
Steve nodded, murmured his agreement and let his eyes fall closed.  He stretched, hummed, opened his eyes and smiled up at Tony with what he was sure must have been a slightly dazed expression, if the grin Tony shot him was any indication.
“You’ve given the distinguished lecturer speeches for the past four years, and you did the Miller Lecture Series last year, too,” Steve pointed out.
“We have…there are lakes that freeze in the winter,” Steve began haltingly, then stopped and drew in a breath.  He blinked at the canopy, and it was just fabric again, nothing more. “You can walk on them and see the fish swimming below.  In the north, the mountains reach up to the clouds and have snow on top all year round,” Steve recalled, the words flowing easily as his mind called up the images.  “You could go south and find green fields as far as the eye could see.  Tall stalks of wheat and corn.  That’s where my mother grew up.  On a farm, the seventh of eight children, though only five made it out of infancy.  She said on a quiet night, you could hear the corn grow.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have—” Steve began, only to have Tony wave him off.  He was looking down at Steve with a pained, awed expression, his eyes shining bright, throat working as he struggled to get the words out.
But, he thought with a sigh, he could do better.  Help out more.  With the cabin, sure, but there were legitimate fire safety reasons to limit his attempts, despite the resultant delight for U.  With SI, though…Steve was right about that.   Tony had thought about the company and where it could be better.  Not just the tech.  Okay, mostly the tech, but there were some business opportunities where it seemed a natural synergy existed with what the company was currently doing.  They already had to design finely-tuned systems that could operate in saltwater and desert conditions, and they had a bioweapons division that dealt with protective gear and containment. Why not halophytic crops that could grow in high salinity regions?
“I…think we’re pretty convincing,” Tony replied. Barnes snorted out a derisive laugh and wiped his hand across his mouth to cover it.
“Yeah?” Steve said, his voice going all soft and billowy.  He turned and beamed at Tony, wide and bright.
“I like a chall--oh!” Steve shouted in surprise. Shifting lower, Tony’s clever fingers had found the thin line of skin just under his cock and pressed. Steve nearly sat up on the bed.  He caught himself, but not before he banged noses with Tony, who laughed.
“Maybe a little. Sorry,” Steve replied, not sounding the least like he was sorry.  “You could just take your car,” Steve pointed out, waving a hand at Happy, who was leaning over the steering wheel, idling the car a few hundred feet away.
Something hot and sour curdled in his stomach, spreading up his spine and clawing at his mind.  The image of Tony on his knees in front of that—that woman, that horrible woman, came unbidden, but he couldn’t shake it.  His insides went cold. Bile rose in his throat. He hated it. The whole idea of it was—was
Steve didn’t comment on that observation, but his stomach gurgled at the mention of food, and, as the nervousness slipped away, he remembered how ravenous he was.
“Sorry,” Steve acknowledged, with a slight nod to Rhodes, who was watching him with an entirely too knowing expression. Steve risked a quick glance to Tony, who was swaying lightly in his saddle, a softly pleased expression fleeting across his face before he shuttered it.
It was a stupid mental trick, he knew. Nothing here was real. Maybe not even him, he didn't know anymore. He didn't know anything anymore, except that Steve was walking out of his life again, and this time, he couldn't blame greed or desperation.
“You’re fine, I’m fine, we’re all fine,” Tony snorted.  “You just played Donkey Kong with my quarter-million-dollar-not-guilt-induced-wet-dream.”
“You're going to see I'm right about this when you've had time to think,” Steve answered stubbornly, without looking up from the doorknob. “Look at what you've done with your life, Tony. Look at who you are. You and me, we don't make any sense. We never did. You're gonna see that once you get a chance to really think about it.”
“Steve,” Tony choked out, sucking in a gasping breath of air.  “What are you doing?” Tony asked with a groan.
“Nah,” Clint chimed in, “They’d probably want to fix everything, and what would we do without our three purely decorative burners and the hallway Seizure Strobelight?  I’m this close to figuring out the coded messages its sending me.  And I personally feel that what the lightswitch in the kitchen actually turns on should just remain one of life’s mysteries.  Like those big stone-faced guys on that island.  We just aren’t meant to know.”
“Well,” Steve said, drawing out the word as he studied Tony.  Tony’s heart was pounding against his chest like it wanted an audition for the Blue Man Group, but he kept his eyes glued to Steve’s.  “I was kind of figuring that getting blown up by the Taliban was something of a training course for the New York press.”
look around you, man.  Look at that ring on your finger,” Bucky said slowly, enunciating each word carefully, like he was chewing on the syllables.  He jerked his head in the direction of where Steve’s hand gripped the edge of the kitchen bar.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Steve said.  He pulled his arm out from under the pillow and wrapped it around Tony’s shoulder, his fingers tracing little lines up and down the top of Tony’s arm. Tony grinned, nipped lightly at Steve’s skin, then kissed the same spot before lifting his eyes up to Steve’s in what he intended to be a coy expression, but he found himself laughing, resting his chin on Steve’s stomach so he could feel the roll and shudder of Steve’s answering chuckle.
Steve sighed, and started to turn over, his stomach twisting a bit as he did.  It was late.  They were tired.  It would be easier to just get this over with.  They could talk another time.  It would be fine.
Something bumped out in the hallway and the door burst open, spilling in the loud, thumping rush of music and two people, locked at the lips.  The guy’s hands were already under the girl’s shirt and she was reaching for the buttons of his fly before she caught sight of Tony on the floor of their intended boudoir.
He looked down at the watch on his wrist, shook it a bit so the face sat on the inside of his wrist, over his pulse.  It should feel cold, the metal on his skin.  Instead, he could still feel the lingering, solid warmth of Steve’s fingers there, melted into his flesh.
“I’ve got a call with the investigators this afternoon, just to check in. Like Pepper said, they’ve backed off a bit since Stern isn’t cooperating anymore, but they know something’s up, Tony.  This whole thing with Batroc, it needs to happen quickly,” Matt pressed, standing up and extending his walking stick.
The Strip grew bigger in the window as the helicopter approached and with it, the rest of the night.  It seemed as if one moment, it was a glittering mirage on the horizon and the next, Steve could make out the top of Vegas’ own Eiffel Tower.  The helicopter took a pass over the dazzling lights that burned against the deep pitch of night that seemed to envelope everything outside the city, circling once before settling down on the rooftop helipad that came with Tony’s suite.
He felt Steve’s chest hitch against his cheek with a low puff of air.  The ambulance was pulling through the gate. It had stopped its sirens, but its lights were still whirling, sending red, white and blue patterns across everything.
The suppressants, though, Tony mused. That was not just unusual, that was barely legal, if by barely you meant probably not at all, but everyone seemed strangely willing---eager, really--to do whatever Steve told them to do, smiling the whole time like a bunch of fucking strung-out house elves. You want your Omega to have suppressants that are so off the market they don't even have a brand name? No problem. You want to let your Omega order a veritable Betty Crocker cookbook of recipes for disaster? Happy to help.
“So would you, Tony,” Widow replied.  “This is just all new to you.  Both of you.  And then this happens, when you should be just enjoying each other.  I get it, really.  At least as well as any Beta can.  Just don’t do anything stupid and mess this up.  You two…I don’t know if you could see it…but the two of you…you’re good together, Tony.  Don’t fuck this up.”
“Rogers?  Which one was—oh!  Yes! Yes, of course,” Rebecca replied with a bright, amused smile.  “Did you see Victor taking a selfie?  The man is sixty years old, for Pete’s sake.”
Tony knew he should stop this.  It was his birthday for fuck’s sake, and he was having an Omega Rights rally over cold eggs and coffee in their kitchen.   Steve was clearly not onboard, and why would he be?  Tinkering in the garage is one thing.  Deciding your own fate, well, let’s not be hasty.
“Are you—are you sure? What—“ Steve stammered.  He couldn’t think.  Tony’s leg was rubbing in a slow, stroking motion against Steve’s groin.
.  And knowing meant going forward.  Going back without it seemed impossible, even the thought of it came with a lethargy and sense of overwhelming effort, as if his boots would sink into the ground if he tried, like trying to wade through watery sand as it sucked at your feet.  No, forward. That was where he must go. Forward. To the castle.
Finally, he opened his eyes again.  One thing at a time, he told himself.  That’s how we do it. Fix one problem, then the next.  Come on, Stark, he admonished himself.
He wanted Anthony.  He wanted to be left alone. He wanted a life outside of all of this.  It wasn’t fair to Anthony. None of this was. I’ll take care of him, Steve told himself. It won’t matter.  I’ll make it not matter. All of this, it doesn’t have to ever touch him.
“Yeah. Heard the White Sox picked him up, though,” Rhode commented.  “You still keep up with the Red Sox?”
“You’re taking classes?” Tony piped up, taking a knee from Rhodey for his efforts.  He tossed him a perturbed look and turned back to Steve.
Tony watched Steve work his jaw with the newfound freedom, then grinned, delighted, as if he had some inkling what thoughts rose unbidden in Steve’s mind.  Still smiling, with the chain caught between his teeth, Tony lifted his head and pulled the chain back, stretching Steve’s nipples again, making Steve gasp and cry out as his body throbbed.
“The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain,” Steve intoned evenly.  Tony snorted in surprise, then laughed out loud, shaking his head back and forth a bit.
“We're okay, Tony,” Steve replied after Tony felt him shift a bit under his hands, his tone going soft and gentle. Sad, Tony thought, then immediately wanted to reject the idea that was worming its way through his stomach.
Bucky’s hands came up to grasp both sides of his face.  “Look at me.  You know I love you, Steve.  I’ll be there for you no matter what.  ‘Til the end of the line, right?  But this…don’t do this.  Seeing you do this, its killing me.  Please.  It’s me, asking you, not to do this.  Don’t go to him tonight.”
“I think we’re clearing out of the city for the week.  You know how I hate traffic,” Peggy said, her voice going arch and her accent weighing each word like an anchor, making Steve smile. She had been no fan of Reagan, even at a time when he was riding a wave of populism to the White House.  Steve had, of course, missed all of that, but he had gone to see a quilt one time, and it had looked a lot like a field of crosses to his mind, both the kind of deaths that time couldn’t allow to go quietly.
“’S good. Good. Good. So good, Steve, please,” Tony repeated.  “Please. Touch me.  Yeah.  Like that, oh God.  Yes! Steve,
That guy is two very small steps away from an I-love-myself jacket and a very soft room,” Tony said, leaning back in the chair and crossing his arms.  He looked up at Steve with a belligerent glare.  “I know he’s one of your Army buddies, but come on, Steve, you know he’s messed up after what happened with his family.”
“Ms. Potts told me. That’s wonderful, Mr. Stark!  And it’s so nice to meet you, Captain.  Huge fan,” Happy said, reaching out a hand in greeting.
“Ha!” Tony snorted, breaking Steve from his thoughts.  “Me?  A Stark?  You’ve got to be kidding. Stark men are made of iron.  We don’t need to do frivolous things like playing in the dirt when we could be changing the world.” It was meant to sound light, but Steve could hear the bitter wistfulness underneath the words.
Steve stopped again, looking out at the sea, then raked his hand through his hair.  He wasn’t sure why he was pouring his soul out now, but he supposed it was as good a time as any, and just because he couldn’t see Shellhead out there, didn’t mean his friend was there.  Steve couldn’t be sure, but he thought he was, if only because Shellhead always came to him when Steve needed him, like he had some kind of sixth sense where Steve was concerned. Or maybe he just paid attention to Steve in a way that Steve wasn’t really used to.  No, Shellhead was out there, Steve was sure of it. Lurking somewhere under the waves where Steve couldn’t see him, but he was there. He wouldn’t…not be there, not when Steve needed him to be. Steve wasn’t sure why he was so certain of that, but he trusted it more than he trusted just about anything.
He winced a bit as he walked, Tony noticed, one hand fluttering to his belly before he fisted it at his side. Tony would have put that down to an injury from their recent battle, but Steve had been doing that lately. Not often, but...enough that Tony noticed, though Steve shut him down every time he tried to mention it. Maybe it was seeing Steve plummeting through the air when he jumped from the Kree warship, but Tony wasn’t particularly in the mood to lie to himself about what he was seeing anymore.
,” Falsworth’s teasing voice echoed in Steve’s head, and he felt his grin widening. They’d given him hell in the beginning, though Steve was glad for it, because now he knew what allegiance they gave him was his own, not born of any duty or obligation. And when they did give him that fealty, he’d found they all actually worked together incredibly well.
“Ah, hi,” the man said, worrying at the corner of his bottom lip with his teeth for a moment as he studied Tony, wide-eyed and almost rearing back inside the doorway as if he should be sheltering in place or something. The man seemed to catch himself at the nervous gesture and swiped over the reddened lip with his tongue. Tony watched the motion with undisguised interest, stifling a groan as he felt his cock happily trying to explain how much it liked art. “So, ah…wow. Okay. Um, you’re here—I can’t believe he actually did this. Just because he thinks I--” the man stuttered, looking at Tony again quickly before looking, well, literally anywhere else. Tony was fairly sure the wall behind him couldn’t be that interesting. “I’m gonna kill ‘im, I swear to God,” the man muttered under his breath. “Look, um…” the man started, scrunching up his face as he was trying to decide on words.
“In fact, my sources tell me that your commanders wanted to put you up for the Medal of Honor, but you declined, is that correct?” Everhart asked, making Steve start with surprise.  Well, that was one that wasn’t off the notecards, Steve thought with a grimace.
good ones, and maybe…you know, maybe those don’t come along so often, is all,” Rhodey replied. “Ever since what happened, you’ve been, I don’t know, man…different.  That’d mess anyone up, now, it would, and I’m not saying anything, but, the past couple of days, it’s like some switch got flicked and you’re—you got this lightness thing going on that I haven’t seen in you since before your parents died. This whole wide-open-I-can-do-anything vibe, and I’m liking it, Tones.  I’m really liking it. I want that for you, man, that’s all I’m saying.  If he’s the reason, or part of the reason even, then…keep him.  He’s good for you, and I think maybe you’re good for him, too.  Guy could use a break, let’s face it.”
“I heard you’ve been thinking about buying a home?” she asked, though he could tell she knew the answer already.  She stood up and walked to her desk, flicking on the lamp as she sat down in the chair behind it.  Steve blinked at the sudden light, but nodded in response to her question.
“Rhodey,” Tony said, spinning around to face his friend.  “We have to make this happen. Him. Me. A chance encounter courtesy of a formerly crap pair of binoculars and your Nintendo Switch--”
“Do you still hear him?” Tony asked, letting his hand fall to his side and walking towards the large, oaken desk that dominated the wall opposite the bed.  “In your head sometimes?”
“Anyway, for some reason, she took a shine to me.  I don’t know what in the world she ever saw in Steve Rogers.  No one else did either, I’ll tell ya that. Not that it bothered her in the slightest, what people said,” Steve said with pang of bittersweet longing at the memory.  “We only knew each other a few months before the War started and I got signed up. She understood. Supported it, really. She even worked in Union intelligence. If  you could call it that,” Steve harrumphed.  “she helped organize it back in the beginning. All her contacts through the Underground Railroad, they’d feed her information, and she’d pass it on, best she could. We wrote each other when we could, and I saw her once when I got some leave, and then...then the War ended.  I went home. Tried to pick up where we left off. Where
Steve grabbed Bucky’s phone from his toolkit over lunch, ignoring the grimace that crossed Bucky’s face.  At some point over the last few weeks, Clint had swiped Bucky’s phone and changed Ms. Romanov’s ringtone to “Maneater.”  Steve hadn’t been able to figure out how to change it back, or else he did and Clint just kept changing it again.  He wasn’t sure.  He thought Clint liked seeing him blush every time the distinctive song rang out through the apartment, or worse, one time in Bucky’s toolkit at work.
“Christ, Coulson, warn a guy, would you?” Rumlow demanded, turning to face the elevator doors and pressing the button for the next floor once more, just in case that light was a feint, apparently.
