a chaperone. Why would we ask you to ask around, when we can do that ourselves?” Clint asked and Nat smacked him on the arm. “Ow!” Clint yelped, rubbing his arm. “I was just asking a question.”
“Yeah..I think so,” Steve responded, placing a gentle hand on his belly, “I’m just really excited to see Bug again.”
“Alright well, to start, I guess I should say there really is no excuse for the things Tony said to you, that was absolutely unacceptable, and I’m sorry it happened at all. But please know that his words weren’t coming from a place of him not trusting you.”
Then, there was also the added benefit of getting to spend copious amounts of time with Tony. Since taking on the role, they’d exchanged numbers and managed to text each other every single day. Granted, the majority of those texts were links to videos and articles that Tony thought might help prepare Steve for the first team meeting, but that was better than nothing.
Peggy sighed, wiping at her eyes before she continued. “Haven’t you wondered why I’d been having her stay with you more and more? I mean, I honestly did need the help more often than not, but Steve she was miserable without you and Tony. She’d come home and talk for hours about how much fun she’d had with the two of you, and how much she loved Tony. There would be days when she’d go absolutely insane when she found out that she wouldn’t be seeing you guys.”
“Trust me, between the students, their parents, other teachers, and Fury, you’ll have plenty to worry about.”
“Why shouldn’t we, Steve? You apparently only want to talk to me within the confines of the walls of this school, so where else am I supposed to talk to you about this?”
that word) on Steve and he indeed was flirting with him. On one hand, Tony wondered if he should be worried that he’d been caught macking on another teacher in front of a student, but truth be told he didn’t much care. Plus with all of the ridiculous shit he had to put up with, watching students being lovey dovey during the school day, Tony figured someone could cut him some slack.
“Perfect,” Tony answered, fondly. “So how are things in your neck of the woods?” He asked, moving to sit up in his bed.
“I never really knew what Stark tower looked like from out here, but now that I’m seeing it, I’m kind of glad Pepper nixed the whole huge ‘Stark’ sign idea.”
As if he heard Tony’s thoughts and sought to offer up a challenge, Steve took a bite of his dragon roll, getting a bit of spicy mayo on the side of his mouth. Tony felt like his heart was about to burst, he couldn’t take much more of this. He reached out a hand and gently swiped his thumb over the sauce, only realizing what he was doing after Steve’s breath hitched.
Tony quietly stepped out of his car, moving to get his luggage from the trunk. Once he’d gotten all of his bags, he moved to the back seat to say goodbye to Cora.
“You? What about me?! I never thought I would live to see the day I described an alpha as pretty, but with that top on, my god you're the prettiest alpha I've ever laid eyes on.”
Thanksgiving at the Carters’ was nice. Tony had never really been one for turkey, but he ate it because he was a guest and Nana had made it taste somewhat decent. Never had Tony done the ‘I’m Thankful For’ thing at the beginning of Thanksgiving meal, so when Nana started, he panicked.
Day in and day out, Tony managed to wake up and make it through the work day. On his first day back, he got a lot of confused and curious looks, but just flashed his million watt smile and brushed it all off. He threw himself into his work, holding conference calls, going over proposals, and just generally trying to keep as busy as possible.
“Oh, yeah that'd be lovely. Thanks, Tony.” Steve noticed the slight glint in Tony’s eyes at the sound of his name and he made a mental note to start saying it more from that point on.
“Happy burfday Ony!” Cora giggled, as Steve moved in to give her a kiss as well, before heading towards the kitchen.
He and Steve stood on the sidelines during a break talking over how they might want to play the next round. At one point, Steve had been drawing on a small white board and as he reached to hand Tony a marker, he dropped both the one he’d been offering and the one he'd been using. In a moment that now played in slow motion in Tony’s mind, a bot rolled by picking up the markers and handing them back, one to Steve and one to Tony. The second Tony realized that there was no one nearby to control the bot and that it handed Steve the marker he had been using initially, Tony knew that someone had managed to build a bot with a general intelligence A.I. Something that could learn and operate on it’s own, without any outside input. He would have been ecstatic for this new tech if not for the terrifying questions he couldn't stop asking.
“Tony, clean out your ears and listen to me! I want this. Why is that not enough for you to give this a shot?”
“I know, it’s just...I dunno. It’s something new and I just don’t want to screw up. Plus, what do I do if we have some drunk unruly customer. You know I’ve never been one to back away from a fight with someone who’s being an ass.”
“The other day on the phone you told someone you loved me. I wanted to wait for the perfect moment to tell you that I loved you, too, but then we started talking about my jizz and--”
“Yeah I uh, I listen to this when I’m drawing or painting or even sometimes writing,” Steve said, silently wishing he’d just chosen the work out playlist he has that’s full of metal music.
“Hey guys, what are we talking about?” Tony asked, coming into the room. Steve mentally face palmed, wondering if any other stragglers would join the conversation or if this was it.
Cora looked up at him, utterly stunned, lip quivering. Neither of them said anything, sitting in absolute silence, before she burst into a fit of tears.
, your hole feels amazing, sweetheart,” Tony ground out through his teeth, trying to keep himself calm.
“Wait...what?” Tony asked, in disbelief, “I’ve been working with the graphic design team for years. You see a few things that I produced for the web team and suddenly I’m good enough to manage it?”
It took less than five seconds for Steve to close the distance between the two of them. Almost immediately, Steve found himself pressed up against the wall, Tony’s tongue in his mouth and hands in his shirt, before his brain came back online.
Steve tilted his head toward the passenger seat and unlocked the door in lieu of a reply. Tony accepted the invitation, and walked over to take his seat. Once in the car, Steve sighed.
A small smile spread across Tony’s face as he recognized that voice. “You’re gonna need something a little stronger than that if you wanna make it through the school year,” Tony suggested, turning to finally take in the man he’d first seen earlier in the day.
“Wouldn’t want you to forget this. Try it out and let me know how it goes,” Natasha said with a smile.
Steve couldn’t help but bark out a laugh at Sam’s last words as he consciously tried to relax his shoulders. Once he did so, Steve all but tackled the man in front of him in a hug.
“I...I…” the brunet stammered, “I am so unbelievably sorry, Steve. That was the sleep talking and I just...I’m sorry.”
“Okay, well, before all of this started, with Steve and Bug, getting you to share your feelings, let alone your fears, was like pulling teeth. I didn’t even ask for that extra stuff you just shared. You just threw it in for good measure. I feel like that’s a sign that Steve’s good for you. Yeah your parents had a shit relationship but you’re your own person. You don’t have to let their mistakes be yours too.”
“You have to want it one way or the other. I know you, Steve. Stop trying to make everyone else happy for point two seconds and tell me what you want.”
That was all it took for Tony to dive back in, full steam ahead. As they continued to kiss, tongues licking moans out of each other's mouths, Steve felt something slow and rhythmic brushing against his thigh. He pulled away and looked down long enough to see Tony stroking himself over his sweats. Without giving the idea much thought, Steve pulled his cock out and reached for Tony’s waist band. “Can I?”
The office door opened to reveal Tiberius, standing there with his hands in his pockets and a smirk on his face.
Tony’s smile faltered for a moment but he regained his composure quickly enough that the slip up went unnoticed. “Oh I forgot but it was nothing important anyway.”
Steve returned with two drinks in hand, giving one to Tony with a little nod. Tony examined the glass, noticing the carbonation bubbling up around the ice cubes and lime wedge. “Good?” Steve asked, quietly.
“Bruce and I went to MIT together. We’ve tried to keep up over the years and see each other when we can. Now that he’s living here, we’ll definitely be seeing more of each other. Also, how come it’s taken this long for me to find out you were here?” Tony asked, now turning his attention back onto the doctor.
Steve sat in bed, panting while looking up at the ceiling. He knew it now, without a doubt, that this was going to be a problem.
When he got to Steve’s apartment, he rested his forehead on the steering wheel and took a few deep breaths. What if this was Steve breaking up with him? He had said
Tony would be lying if he said he didn't want to take his time with this. He wanted tonight to be as perfect as possible, which meant doing a thorough job opening Steve up. It also didn't hurt that Tony loved watching the other man writhing with pleasure just off of being finger fucked.
“I know, you’re right Peg, I’m just going to have to work really hard to fix this. How’d you hear about us breaking up anyway?” Steve asked, remembering that she wasn’t even on the same continent anymore. She just smiled into the screen.
"Yeah, we figured you guys might want some visitors," Natasha spoke, looking at both Tony and Steve sweetly.
Everything in him wanted to inquire further about this, but Steve gave in. He was always worrying about things, but for once he wanted to just sit back and enjoy the madness that came a long with Tony.
“Hmm, the Blue Benn Diner,” Steve mused, looking over the menu. “What a shame it would be if I were to google where that is…”
Coraline stood with her feet planted firmly on the ground and her hands on her hips. “Who dere?” she asked sternly.
Pepper waited for Tony to answer the door, something that now stung, as he realized she no longer felt comfortable using her key.
As time passed, Steve and Tony continued on as they did the night they had that first dinner date. Every so often, they would make dinner together then just spend the rest of the evening cuddled up. And if a few kisses were exchanged here and there or if they happened to engage in a makeout session like a bunch of teenagers every so often, well...that was just fine with them. Even if it did raise too many questions to count, for the omega at least.
Coraline stayed with Peggy, Sharon, and Nana that night, leaving the apartment to Steve and Tony. Needless to say, it wasn’t long before Tony was straddling Steve on the bed.
Once he arrived Steve made sure to stop at the front desk to say his greetings to the lovely women there who always took such great care of his mom. When he finally got to her room, knocked lightly, so as to not startle her. It only took a moment for her to unlock the door, but once she opened it, she stood in the doorway with a huge smile on her face.
aware who you are! I’m Sam Wilson. I basically keep these idiots from getting into too much trouble,” he said pointing between Steve and Bucky.
“Bruce, I just… I’ll stop, okay? Honest, I will. It’s just that he’s so happy while he’s there. No matter who comes in, no matter how stressed he seems to get, he always seems so happy when he’s serving people. I miss that happiness in my life.”
The blond dropped his head to the pillow in front of him, shuddering at the feel of more cum filling him. Tony allowed Steve to rest for a moment, before moving onto their side. He stroked any area of skin he could get his hands on, while leaving a trail of kisses down the expense of Steve’s back. The pair of them sat there like that, desperately trying to calm their breathing for close to twenty minutes before Tony’s knot began to deflate. He slowly pulled out once he was able, wrapping his arms around Steve and turning him around to finally get a good look at him.
“Mmm-hmm,” Tony answered, once again swallowing Steve down. The vibration from his throat is what finally pushed Steve over the edge. When he was done riding the aftershocks of his orgasm, he shakily cupped Tony’s face with his hands and guided him so they were face to face.
Steve jumped up almost out of nowhere, to answer, “I’ll go get us some drinks, no need to worry yourself with it, Nat.” Before either of them had a chance to object, Steve was gone.
"Just make sure you bring us back an awesome souvenir and we'll be fine!" Steve responded, giving a content hum at the feel of the alpha's lips.
“Yes...no? I don’t know! I’ve been trying to avoid putting much thought into anything I’ve been feeling other than the fact that I genuinely enjoy being in Tony’s company.”
Tony started focusing less on Steve’s words and more on his face. The way his eyes grew wider when he put emphasis on a word. The way a little dimple appeared in only his left cheek when he spoke. And fuck, when did his lips become so perfectly kissable? Tony was aware he was staring; he just couldn’t bring himself to stop or to care.
The rest of the afternoon went on as such. Steve was brought to tears by nearly every single gift that he opened, for one reason or another. Ultimately, it was just overwhelming to realize that so many people cared for him and his daughter, and he shared that sentiment before all of their party guests left.
When it came to Tony, Steve was unsure of a lot of things. He had feelings for the alpha, that much was clear, but he would much rather continue their friendship the way it was rather than let the hope of something more ruin that.
Rhodey just shrugged. “Alright well then I'm gonna head home. I’ll see you later. Let me know when you get home,” he shouted getting into his car.
“You didn’t have to get all dolled up for lil ol’ me,” Tony said, walking into the apartment and taking note of the Chinese take out on the living room table.
At that, Tony paused. He’d been so preoccupied with feeling sorry for himself that he hadn't managed to think what that would mean for his business or his reputation.
“I think, if Sarah were here, she’d tell you to stop being such a damn worrywart and tell the man that you love him. And you know, I tend to agree with her on that.”
Once Carol wondered off, Rhodey exchanged a quick glance with Pepper before following his girlfriend, leaving Tony and Pepper alone.
“If you’re done smelling my hair, I’m getting rather hungry…” Tony spoke slowly. Steve took inventory of their situation and almost jumped ten feet when he realized he’d fully immersed his nose in the shorter man’s hair.
“Hm, okay. Well, as your assistant coach, I look forward to getting a chance to meet them,” Steve said teasingly, turning back to face forward, still wearing that smirk.
“I miss you too,” Peggy said, heart visibly breaking from having to be so far away. “But I’ll be home very soon, okay? I’ve just got some things that I need to do here, and then I’ll be back to give you the biggest hug and kiss ever!”
“Oh? Well my name’s Rumlow. Figure you should know what name you’ll be screaming when you’re riding my knot later tonight.”
Tony scrambled for any way to get himself out of the hole he was digging himself further into, until he realized that the omega was just giving him a hard time.
Somehow over the course of the last two months, everyone had taken to calling this baby Bug. Steve felt like he should have been bothered by it, but he couldn’t seem to move past how absolutely amazing it was that everyone else was beginning to love this baby as much as he did.
“Sorry about being short with you. It’s just that I don’t know what to do, or how to feel about this. I get that your family is a sore subject for you, but I want you to be able to talk to me about the things that make you unhappy. I want you to be able to come to me and let me know when you’ve had a bad day because of something your dad said, or confide in me what is is that’s causing a strain on your relationship with your family. I want to be able to help you through those things, but I can’t if you don’t give me a chance.”
They ate fairly quickly, shoveling down some bacon cheeseburgers and fries. Tony tried his best to keep any clues as to where they were out of sight, but the second they left the diner, Steve took a quick look around the parking lot.
Steve did just that for the remainder of his shift, every time his mind wandered back to their interaction.
“So, this is the kind of apartment my money can buy, hmm. Seems nice I suppose, but a little big for just one man, don’t you think?”
"What the actual… heck, Stark?" Bucky asked, censoring himself. Tony looked up, giving a delirious smile. "Are you two angels, sent down from the heavens to rescue me from this nightmare?"
“So I’m your backup for when Pep isn’t available to deal with your shit?” Carol asked, mock-offended.
“Oh, yeah definitely, that’s fine. I’ll get out of your hair, just...come by tonight around 7, alright? We never really did have that dinner date, so I figure making you an apology dinner would be as good a time as any.”
“No…” the brunet answered, in a somewhat moody tone. Once he looked up, he saw that Steve was beaming. “What?” He asked slightly confused.
Steve stole a glance at Tony in that moment. Though the brunet was looking down as he talked, hands in his pockets, he had a look of pride, determination and happiness on his face. It nearly broke Steve’s heart to think of what life must have been like for Tony during his battle with alcoholism, but seeing the man he was now, the man who overcame his addiction, made his heart swell with admiration.
“Look, I grasp that you’re Steve’s best friend, more than that, you’re practically his brother. I’m sorry that things happened the way they did, but this is the situation we’re in so all any of us can do is try to make the best of it. That’s all I’m trying to do. I’m trying to accept responsibility for my actions and do the right thing.”
Tony ran his hand over his face and groaned. He never thought the day would come when his friends would tease him about liking someone, but here they were.
“Anything for you, sweets. Now come on,” Tony laughed, pulling Steve along to the skate rental area. Once they paid for their skates and got them all laced up, they stood at the entrance to the rink.
“Look, I know you guys mean nothing by it, but it’s just...I don’t want to fuck this up by getting us in trouble for something we aren’t doing. So just...cool it on those kinds of jokes, okay?” Steve asked, now feeling a little drained from getting ready for his trip and dealing with his friends.
“I’m literally just as surprised and confused as you are,” Steve said, turning one costume over in his hands. “But yes, she has asked to be dressed like a nugget.”
“Alright, I’m going to take your blood pressure, along with some routine vitals before we listen for the baby’s heartbeat and do the ultrasound.”
He didn’t know why, but Tony’s question genuinely took Steve by surprise. He and Tony were definitely friends, but they had never been the type to just hang out, at least not before ...their predicament. He wasn’t sure if he should be excited that Tony suddenly wanted to spend time with him or saddened that it might only be because of the baby. Either way, he wasn’t going to pass up the opportunity.
A few hours had gone by, and the other team members had long since come home and fallen asleep. Steve and Tony were sitting in the living room, laughing about their younger days.
“Steve’s not the mole who helped Tiberius steal your code. He is so in love with you, Tony, and you accused him not only of stealing your tech but being paid to seduce you as well.”
The look on Ty’s face told Tony that the man would no longer be causing any problems. He clapped his hands together before standing. “Alright well, I’m done here, unless you have anything else to say, you’re welcome to go.” Tony walked to hold the door open, and smiled as Ty walked out. “Oh, shoot, I forgot one more thing, Pepper sends her regards and wants you to kindly fuck off.” He slammed the door without giving Ty a chance to respond.
Steve tried not to stare, but as he looked at Tony’s chest, he noticed a raised circular object in the center. Had that always been there, he wondered as he thought over every interaction the two had had. Sure enough, as if someone was casting a spotlight on it in his mind, Steve suddenly realized the circular object with a faint blue light that had always been resting under his shirt. If he tried hard enough, he could remember during that first visit to the workshop, seeing a hint of something metallic peeking over the neck of his shirt.
Steve’s laughter stopped immediately at that. Tony looked at him, trying to figure out what was going on, but all he saw was the omega seemingly trying to work something out in his mind. Finally, with a sigh, Steve gave Tony the answer he was looking for.
“No I mean, really, let’s just wipe the slate clean. Now that everything is out in the open, I feel like we need a fresh start, you know?”
Steve closed his eyes and gave a small nod, almost as if to encourage himself to continue. “Did you mean it when you said you were going to fuck me? Because I would like if you did...that...if you would fuck me…”
“Forgive me, angel,” Tony whispered, falling to his knees. In one swift movement, Steve’s belt was thrown to the side and Tony was struggling to force his jeans down to his ankles. “Your pants are all wet,” Tony grumbled, still trying to force the wet denim down.
Tony grabbed the bottom of his apron, pulling him in and wrapping his arms around his waist. “We can definitely shower, but I don’t know about getting dressed. I think in the spirit of establishing new Christmas traditions, maybe we should make Naked Christmas our thing.”
Steve woke up and lazily stretched out his limbs. It took a few minutes for him to fully wake up and to realize that he wasn’t alone in his bed. He turned to see Tony, asleep on his stomach, snoring softly. Steve couldn’t help but smile at the alpha resting beside him. Once he remembered why it was that Tony was asleep next to him in the first place, he felt the blush coming to his face.
“Oh, Stevie,” she began, chewing on her nails, “I’m so sorry that this is happening, but you don’t have to decide what you want to do now, and you don’t have to do any of this alone.”
“Look Cap, I was drunk and I was feeling lonely. Unfortunately, you were the closest body so I went for it. I’m sorry that it happened and it won’t happen again.”
Steve froze at that. In the three weeks since Pepper had left, Tony hadn’t mentioned her at all. He had no idea that Steve knew about what happened between the two of them, and he probably wouldn’t be too pleased if everyone else found out as well.
After their trip, Tony’s collection of oversized sweaters mysteriously managed to make its way into his closet at the tower, though now they seemed to be a staple in Steve’s wardrobe more than anything else. Tony wasn't complaining, though. After all, a deal is a deal.
“If I ever hear you say another negative thing about Tony or this baby, I will rip your throat out with my bare hands. Do you understand me? Do you?!”
“You’re an ass,” Tony laughed, jabbing Steve in the rib. The blond just caught his hand and intertwined their fingers.
Tony had decided to stay late at work that night, just to get a jumpstart on some of the new R & D designs. Truth be told, he just didn’t want to have to go home to sit all alone and think about the situation he’d found himself in with Steve. He respected that the man had asked for time to think on everything, but he missed the blond, tremendously. He hoped that no matter what Steve decided to do, that they could still remain a part of each other’s lives in some way or another.
Natasha tilted her head, considering Tony for a moment. “Do you think your actions are something deserving of us having this talk?”
“Fine,” Steve spoke, making sure every bit of annoyance seeped through, “let’s just hurry up and get out of here.”
“Well,” Tony started, nervously, “I said I’ll support you and I mean it. If you want to keep this baby, then we’ll just have to try our hardest to be the best parents this kid could ever hope for.”
“You don’t have to answer the question if you don’t want to, Tony, we can talk about something else,” Steve offered, feeling somewhat guilty for bringing up something that seemed like a tough subject.
“I just...uh...I didn’t want to bother you guys while you were getting ready for the holidays with your families.” Steve answered, unsure if even he bought that poor excuse for an explanation.
Walking past the front desk, Steve stopped to give a brisk greeting, not wanting to seem rude, before heading up to Sarah’s apartment. He knocked on the door, realizing then that he hadn’t actually checked to make sure that she was even home. It took several minutes, but finally the door was opened, and Sarah met him with a surprised smile.
As they got closer, Tony noticed a young woman standing with a sleeping child on her hip. He paid little attention to her until she started walking towards them. It became obvious, fairly quickly, that she had been waiting for them.
“Every little thing I do, never seems enough for you. You don’t wanna lose it again, but I’m not like them. Baby when you finally, get to love somebody, guess what...it’s gunna be me,” both of them sang in unison as they danced around. When the song ended, they fell to the floor, laughing uncontrollably.
Though Steve had gotten used to the fact that there was an invisible man that he couldn’t see seemingly living in the ceiling, it still always took him off guard hearing Jarvis respond.
“I love it,” Tony whispered more to himself than anything else. It took a moment for him to sort out the wealth of emotion that he was feeling, but once he did, Tony looked up at Steve. “I absolutely love it, and I love you.”
to continue talking about this, I should probably go to sleep. I have a rather important appointment in the morning.”
Steve stood from his chair to see Bruce, Clint and Natasha staring at him. “What?” He asked, moving to grab his extra lunch from the fridge.
Tony just rolled his eyes. “Well maybe you can finish telling him one day, but for now you have to come with me so I can introduce you to the coolest students Midtown High has to offer.” As he dragged Rhodey away, Tony met Steve’s eyes and gave a small smile.
“He has always been extremely guarded. It took years of hard work, patience and love for me and Rhodey to get anywhere close to where you were in your friendship with him. I don’t even think
In the months since he had ended things with Steve, it seemed as though the world had turned into nothing but this bleak, gray, joyless nightmare that Tony was forced to navigate through, alone. After being chewed out by just about everyone in his life, the alpha became extremely withdrawn. Though his closest friends tried to reach out to let him know that despite his absolutely idiotic life choices, they were still there to support him, he just couldn’t bring himself to fake being happy, not yet. It took some doing, but after what Tony could really only describe as friendly harassment, the alpha finally agreed to meet up with Bruce.
He had had plans to catch up on some school work and just relax, maybe even spend some time with his friends on top of hanging out with Tony, but all of that went out the window the second Peggy asked for his help. As frustrating as it was that she seemed to be asking this of Steve more and more, he couldn't be too upset. At the end of the day, it just meant he got to spend more time with Coraline.
“I need you all to listen, and listen good because I’m only going to say this once. None of you have to like Tony, but you do have to respect him and the decision that we’ve made. If I see or hear any of you giving him any less than the respect you give me, there will be hell to pay. Understood?”
Tony started up the car and drove in silence. Part of him knew that he’d get called out on it eventually, but he’d also just hoped that his friends would pity him enough not to bring it up.
“Thank god, because she’s entirely too old for you” Peter muttered, “regardless, I’ve seen you sweet talk before and the way you were just talking to Mr. Rogers was like that, times ten. You have a crush on him, don’t you?”
Pepper seemed a little uneasy, thinking over her next words, but once she met Steve’s eyes she just sighed.
“Please don’t tell Bucky or Sam or Clint; not yet. I just...I need some time to figure everything out, but until then please don’t say a word to anyone.”
“I’m sure a lot of that is coming from the fact that I’m carrying his baby, more so than anything else.”
“And when you say shit like that, it makes it harder for me to understand why Rhodey’s been your friend all this time,” Carol responded, smiling as well.
to like him. It was such a simple thing, to actually give a shit about what your crush’s friends thought, and yet, it had Tony practically floating. If he could win over his closest friends, maybe Tony could win Steve over too.
It took a moment before Ms. Hill finally looked up from her computer, but once she did, she offered a small smile and a single nod.
Steve saw the hopeful look in Tony’s eyes and couldn't help but smile, warmly. “I suppose if we’re snowed in we might as well get to know each other better.”
The thought of Steve opening himself up caused Tony to let out a small whimper, hips thrusting of their own accord. “Fuck, Steve, that is entirely too hot,” Tony whispered, applying a small amount of pressure as he continued massaging Steve’s hole, soliciting a beautiful gasp from the man beneath him. “I guess I'll just quickly make sure you’re opened up enough since you did all the fun work for me,” Tony spoke in a low voice, strokes of his finger punctuating every other word. He finally breached Steve’s rim, giving a small kiss to his shoulder to ease any tension.
Steve had to take in a few deep breaths before he just nodded and took the soda gun from Clint to fill Tony’s drinks. As he made his way back to the table, he silently kicked himself for never considering that this could happen. The restaurant was right off campus, so of course Tony would eventually stop by. What truly scared him was the fact that Tony had ordered two drinks. The rational side of Steve knew that he was probably there with any one of the many friends Tony had. But the irrational side of him, and apparently the louder side, was terrified that he was on a date with someone else.
“I don’t like you calling her that,” Nana said as Peggy reached into the highchair to pluck the dozing baby out. “Her name is Coraline. You named her Coraline. You should call her Coraline.”
The two of them sat there, studying each other. As alphas, they obviously wanted to establish dominance in this situation, but it seemed like they were fighting to establish something else as well.
“You know, when you greet me like that, it makes it a lot harder to understand why Rhodey bonded with you,” Tony answered with a smile.
“Peggy left you with everything here, is it honestly that far fetched to think that I would want to help make taking in your daughter full time a little easier for you? Honestly, Steve, think about that for a second. What person would sit here, watching their significant other go through something like that and say ‘oh sorry babe, looks like your shit out of luck on this one, hope you figure it out’?”
“Literally, every time you screw up, you invite us over here, make carbonara and ask us for help. This is like the fifth time it’s happened!”
“Well, have a good night, Steve,” Tony said, as he started walking towards the front door, “oh, and keep the change.”
it was expensive, but it didn’t matter to him. He’d spend every penny he had to make Steve happy. It was with that thought that Tony realized just why this seemed like such a big deal to Steve.
“That was definitely something,” Tony grunted, pulling out and stumbling back into a chair at the kitchen table.
Steve was actually rendered speechless. He’d never seen this side of Tony, so worked up and so angry. He wanted to say that he hated it, but if he was being honest, he wanted to see more of what this Tony had in store.
Tony wanted so desperately to think of anything other than how unreasonably adorable it was that Steve was treating his bot like it was a puppy. He took another bite of his sandwich to avoid giving in to the urge to audibly coo at the sight in front of him.
Tiberius Stone had been one of Tony’s childhood friends who became his boyfriend when they were in their late teens. They’d always been enamoured with each other, partially because their fathers were business rivals, so that added a forbidden air to things. On top of that there was always something about Ty that Tony couldn’t resist. Like a moth to a flame, Tony was drawn.
Tony pulled Steve into a kiss with a ferocity that surprised even himself. It only took a few seconds, but soon Steve was giving as good as he got, nipping at the brunet’s lip and sucking on his tongue. They stayed there, kiss increasing in urgency, for several minutes. Tony was the one to pull away, resting his forehead on Steve's as he tried to catch his breath.
“I don’t know how many times I have to keep telling you, Brucie, but I’m going to need your help finding my mystery man,” Tony said, exasperated.
Over the last two weeks, the pair had gotten into a bit of a groove. Between texting more regularly, having lunch in Tony’s classroom every other day,  and stopping for burgers and shakes with Peter twice a week after robotics team, there wasn’t a single day where Steve didn’t spend some amount of time doing something with Tony. It was during one of those post robotics team burger runs that Peter asked what the two teachers had planned for the weekend.
“Uh, yeah, I was really just trying to calm my nerves for my first day. Turns out I didn’t really have much to worry about in the first place.”
Steve looked up to see Tony staring at him, a look of sadness on his face.  “Steve I...I’m really sorry,” Tony offered, in a hushed voice.
“Part of me knew that was a joke, but the other part of me was horrified you were upset with me about something.”
He said, quickly moving both of his hands to the shower wall. Steve wasn’t necessarily opposed to getting himself off. He was in the army after all; at one point his right hand was his best friend. It was the fact that thoughts of Tony always seemed to creep into his mind right before he jerked off. As a last resort, Steve decided to go for a run. He took his sketchbook so that he could stop at different spots to draw what he saw. Drawing never failed to clear Steve’s head, and he needed that clarity more than anything if he had any hope of figuring out what to do about Tony.
As he stepped into the cab, he pulled out his phone to text the group to let them know that he was on his way.
A shudder passed through Tony’s body, as he slowly but surely got his brain to function enough to push Steve’s hand away. He was panting at this point and it took a moment before he could form words again.
“I asked him if he knew anything about it and he looked at me like I had three heads,” Rhodey said, clearly still astounded. “But it didn’t seem as though he was ridiculously unobservant, I think he’s just that into you that he doesn’t even care. It’s a part of you; any other information past that doesn’t seem to matter. It’s nice, honestly.”
“Well, now that we’ve got the gifts out of the way, are you ready to make this cake?” Steve asked, gingerly placing Cora’s picture on the table as he walked into the kitchen. He turned to see a very excited Cora right on his heels.
It was at that second meet, after their second win when Tony turned and smiled at Steve that the blond felt absolutely weak in the knees.That moment sparked this need, for Steve, to find a way to capture that feeling through some creative outlet. With
that that’s all she’ll eat. Just be stern with her and let her know that if she eats something with vegetables in it, you’ll give her some strawberry yogurt for dessert.”
Steve was buzzing around his room, frantically trying to make sure that he’d packed everything he needed. There was a weekend long robotics meetup in New Haven, Connecticut that Tony wanted to attend. Since there was a competition planned similar to what their own robotics team would be competing in, Tony thought it’d be a good idea for Steve to come along as well. Initially, Steve was terrified of the invitation, he didn’t know what an entire weekend would look like with Tony. But his professionalism and duty to the robotics team won out, so he accepted the invitation, pushing any of his concerns to the back of his mind. He’d even started looking forward to the trip, until his asshole friends got in his head.
“Relax, Rogers. I’m not asking for you to prove yourself here, after all you’ve already got the job,” Fury interrupted. Steve snapped his mouth shut and listened. “I just want to reiterate that we’re entrusting you with a lot here and if this doesn’t work out, it’s not just your career that could be impacted. So, as long as you do your best and work hard, we shouldn’t have any problems.”
“I’ll get you some water and something to eat, while you rest,” Tony said, leaning over to give Steve another kiss before getting out of bed.
“I would love to see you try—” Rumlow dared before immediately going silent as Tony’s hand gripped his throat.
Steve simply nodded, before turning towards his computer, to attempt to get some work done. Time moved by slower than usual as the omega waited for the time to come for him to ask Tony for lunch. Resting his head on his desk, Steve heard the sound of footsteps, and shot up immediately, to see Coulson standing beside him.
“Tony, can you pass the grav--” Steve’s sentence was cut off when a glob of mashed potatoes hit the side of his face. Tony held back his laughter, knowing it would only encourage Cora to do it again.
Steve laughed, hard, at that. In the months since telling their friends about their baby, both groups seemed to find a way to move past their personal feelings to get along. As much as Tony pretended to hate Clint, they had actually become pretty good friends. It felt like every aspect of life was coming together, and now that their baby finally had a name, Steve felt as though they were slowly becoming a family. That thought, of not only adding new friends, but a new life to those he called his family was enough to fill Steve’s heart to bursting.
The way Steve felt so strong as he held Tony, when they were both shaking, coming down from their high.
Pepper looked up, and met Steve’s eyes, giving him an apologetic smile that sent a shiver down the omega’s spine.
Steve didn’t know a whole lot about Natasha’s life before she started dating Bucky, but he did know that she had a lot of useful connections, especially in a case like this. Steve rummaged through his wallet to pull out a small scrap of paper for her.
“Put your wallet away, Stevie, you know you don’t need to pay me for this.” Steve just gave her an appreciative smile as she moved to stand in front of him.
“I was practically cornered, ok? Your girlfriend tried to bribe me with tea and honey, then Stark came over and essentially guilted me into saying I’d go. Now I have to or else I’ll let the team down. Ugh!”
“Secondly, you have a great point. Just know that I’m only giving in to your terroristic demands for the sake of saving the beautiful face that the good Lord blessed me with.” Rhodey rolled his eyes, no doubt regretting ever becoming friends with the brunet in the first place. “If you
“No, I’m here alone. Tony doesn’t know that I’m here right now, but he is the reason for my visit,” Pepper said, standing in the middle of Steve’s living room. This was the first time Pepper had ever seen his apartment, and Steve couldn’t help but feel a little nervous about it. His place wasn’t a mess by any means, but he was glad that Sam had picked Cora up earlier, giving him a chance to clean up the toys left lying around. There weren’t many; Steve was very particular about her putting her toys away.
The first hour or so of work was spent learning where everything was and how the store worked. After that, the rest of the night was filled with getting to know the other bartenders and serve the few customers they had. By the end of the night, as Steve made his way into his apartment, he was tired but beyond excited. He went to sleep that night more than ready for his next bartending shift.
“Well,” Tony said, clearing his throat, “we should probably get going then. We don’t want to be late for the best surprise of the night.”
“Since I’ve, uh, woken up, you’ve literally been the only person who treats me normally. Everyone at S.H.I.E.L.D. treats me like I’m some sort of national treasure. All I am to them is just the key to more super-soldiers. As for everyone in the house, we’re a team but I hardly think they consider me a friend. You are the only person I’ve met who hasn’t made me feel out of place. I mean, you’ve taken the time to teach me all about the 21st century. However I’m not sure if you’re doing it because you want to or if it just irritates you that much that someone could be so unfamiliar with technology…”
began to play, Tony moved his arm to put it around  Steve’s shoulders to make him more comfortable. He felt his eyes become heavier as the show went on. He tried as hard as he could to keep his eyes open, but as he began to drift, his head lightly fell to the rest on top of Steve’s. Tony knew this was a bad idea, but he figured that was for tomorrow-Tony to deal with.
The scent that Tony had been following engulfed him almost immediately. He wanted to fall to his knees under the weight of it, but managed to step inside the apartment in an attempt to get as close to it as possible. Scanning the room, his eyes suddenly fell on Steve standing there naked, shaking, panting heavily with slick sliding down his legs. It took less than a minute for Tony to realize what he’d been smelling, what he had been after this whole time, was Steve himself.
Tony couldn’t believe that someone so young could be such an amazing father. Just looking at Steve and Coraline together, he could see the absolute love and adoration the two of them had for one another.
It took a few minutes for them to find a rhythm, but once they did, they moved together as if performing a choreographed dance. Each thrust was perfectly matched, their hips circling and swiveling beautifully. Even the sound of skin on skin accented by moans had a musical quality to it that made everything seem that much more sensual, more beautiful, more perfect.
“I may have gotten a little excited about the idea of us doing...this, and may have decided to prep myself before you came home,” Steve spoke, answering the unasked question.
“We’re doing well, miss, just looking to check in. I have two rooms both under Tony Stark,” Tony said, pulling out his wallet to show his ID.
Pepper searched Tony’s face for any signs of emotion. Her heart sank, the second that she saw a look of understanding and anger.
And yet, his dick couldn’t care less about work, and responsibilities and all those annoying things that he had to do. So Tony rolled his eyes, before taking hold of himself to finish what had started in his dream. It only took a few minutes of thinking back to those days in December for Tony to come with Steve’s name on his lips. He knew that this wasn’t healthy, that he couldn’t keep doing this, but as time went on Tony began to realize that their friendship meant more to him than a romantic relationship. So he reached over to his side table for a tissue to clean himself up, and begrudgingly started his day.
“Is everything alright?” Tony questioned, throwing a few bills on the table before following behind his date.
Steve took Tony’s hands in his own. “Now, I swear to you that I am not pressuring you but if I’m sitting here drinking this bottle of wine with you and I don’t let you have too much, would you?” Tony stared at the bottle, clearly torn. God he wanted to.
“Well...I suppose a place called Elephant Jumps can’t be awful. We’ll see how you do with this,” Tony responded, in a light hearted manner.
She gave Steve a look of disapproval, but upon seeing that he wasn’t going to budge on this, she rolled her eyes and shook her head.
“Look, it would mean a lot to me and everyone else if you came out with us tonight. Thor’s never been to a Midgardian bar and once Clint heard that, he decided we should have a team bonding night where we all get shwasted.”
“Thanks again so much, Nat”, Steve offered, giving her a side hug. He just looked at Bucky and gave a slight nod. “Thanks to you too, Buck.”
“Because people have told me they’ve loved me before!” Tony shouted. “I’ve been happy and warm but I was nothing to those people. I thought I was in love with them but then I met you and goddammit, Steve. You told me you didn’t care what the internet had to say about me but I was so far into the lie that I couldn’t get out and every single time I went to say something,” Hot, angry tears were streaming down his cheeks now; “Every time I went to say something you got this look like I was special and that I was special as a
“Steve I was trying to keep from saying anything about all this before I’d found out what Natasha had in mind. I had asked her to help me figure out how you felt and if I even had a chance. When she told me she’d help, I just figured I should back off until she told me the best course of action. It probably sounds a little childish but...I just didn’t want to overstep my boundaries. If you weren’t interested in a relationship, I at least wanted to keep you as a friend.”
“Well...this isn’t what I was expecting,” Tony began, giving a nervous laugh as he rubbed the back of his neck.
“Okay, alright, here we go. Now, there’s four more to the first landing. Then make a left. Then there are seven steps and we’re gonna turn to the left again. One. Two.”
“Oh…” Steve said in a small voice. Tony knew he should have said something sooner; the look on Steve’s face was enough to break his heart. He hated knowing that he was the reason for that look.
Steve watched as the tension eased out of Tony. “Alrighty then. First things first. We’re gonna get a bigger apartment. I’d get one just for you but I understand you don’t like me throwing money around so--”
“This obviously isn’t my place Miss Potts, but as Tony has become a good friend of mine, I feel like I should share my opinion with you.”
Without a word, Tony stood up and left. He’d never seen Coulson that upset, and though he’d gotten under the man’s skin more than a handful of times in the past, he’d never had the alpha talk to him like that. He figured that if this whole mess was somehow his fault, he’d have to do something to fix it. Quickly walking to his desk, Tony collected his things to leave.
“I don’t want to do that. Plus Steve is going to be there and—I don’t want to chaperone a bunch of kids at some dumb dance, Nat.”
Steve just pointed a shaky finger towards the door to their left before pressing himself up against the brunet’s side. He began to move his hips, looking for any type of friction he could get. Tony took both of his hands and slammed Steve up against the wall, soliciting the most beautiful whimper he’d ever heard. He took in the omega’s face, his red swollen lips, the blush that tinted his cheeks. Tony was losing his mind at the sight but it wasn’t until Steve muttered a desperate ‘please’, that he felt something inside of him snap.
Somehow, Natasha, that sneaky little detective, managed to not only find the new blond hottie, but also got him to agree to attend their ‘first day of work’ celebratory happy hour. Or at least she said she had anyway. Tony sat at the long high top table in the middle of the bar’s outside area, freaking out at the sudden realization that there could be
It was also that knowledge that completely stumped Tony when he got to the dance and Steve was very obviously avoiding him. Initially, he’d assumed that Steve had just been too busy talking to other students and teachers to realize he was there. But as the evening went on, Steve managed to dodge any attempts Tony made to speak with him. It seemed that their friends noticed as well. Natasha tried to bring Steve over to the rest of the group at one point, but once he spotted Tony, he excused himself to the restroom. It was confusing, to say the least, but it also sucked the wind out of Tony’s sails. The confidence he’d had at the beginning of the night had dissipated and turned into nothing but doubt.
. It just so happens to have a room decorated for a little girl and an art studio and be in an area with those good daycares we were talking about in the beginning of the summer.”
“Threefourfivesixseven,” Steve counted, running up the stairs, stumbling only once in his temporary blindness.
Steve continued to walk with Clint, somewhat stunned by the interactions he’d witnessed over the last ten minutes. Though he’d been good friends with Natasha since she and Bucky had begun dating years ago, she was the only teacher he knew. Somehow, it hadn’t occurred to him that her personality off the clock was the same as during work hours. Here Steve was, a 27 year old man, realizing for the first time that teachers were regular people too. He felt a little silly, but couldn’t help the small smile this conclusion put on his face.
“And the answer, young Capsicle, would be yes. However, the technology in this device is about 10 years behind the tech in my Stark Pod, so I figured this would be easier for your senior citizen brain to handle.”
“Well, in the movies, it seems like people always make a grand gesture at some kind of event to win back their love interests. Maybe you could do something like that.”
“Nice to see you again, Stark,” Bucky greeted, taking Steve’s spot and extending his metal hand to shake.
“Anthony Edward Stark, I am as sure about you as I am that I love our daughter with my whole heart. I don’t want anybody else in this world other than you, okay?”
“Love yew, daddy,” Cora squeaked. She and Tony both waved as Steve disappeared around the corner. When he was gone, Tony carried her to the couch.
Tony sipped his coffee stoically, as he considered what to say. “Well, Mr. Hot Gym Teacher’s name is Steve,” he began. Pepper settled into the couch fully ready for the gossip she’d missed out on. “He’s a new TA and we’re just
With the address in hand, Tony called a cab and made the half hour trip to see Steve. For all his grumbling about how angry he was with the omega, Tony still made a point to bring the gift he had gotten for him.
“I yelled at her, Buck. God I… she just wouldn’t eat her peas and she’d been so awful all day and I snapped. She said she didn’t like me anymore and that she wanted Tony and I lost it. How am I supposed to get through raising her alone the rest of her life when I’m already doing such a shit job only a few weeks in?”
Tony clasped his hands in his lap, and took a shaky breath. “I lost my parents pretty young too, so I know how much that sucks.”
Tony felt a familiar weight in his gut--the same weight that came about whenever Coraline brought up his absence. “I hope not, baby girl.”
“I’ll call a car to take you to a hotel downtown for the rest of your stay here. I expect to see you at the symposium first thing in the morning, and if I don’t there will be hell to pay,” Howard warned before walking away.
“Ah, yeah, that. I told him that you’re a very special guy, and that all of us care about you. I let him know that if he was up to anything hinky that he’d have all of us to deal with, which I assured him he wouldn’t want.”
"It was good," Steve answered, glossing over Darcy's early morning flirting. "I'm just trying to mentally prepare myself for what's ahead of me."
“Ah, I have a friend just like you! Her name is Pepper and I’m certain she’d say the same thing about me,” Tony replied, instantly understanding why this man was one of Steve’s best friends.
Steve lay in bed, his six and a half month pregnant belly resting on the body pillow that he slept with, as his alarm continued to blare. It had been a month and a half since he and Tony split, and with every passing day, life seemed to get a little easier to manage.
It took a few moments before Steve was able to form a coherent sentence, but when he did it almost had Tony seeing stars.
Steve stood on the busy sidewalks of New York, right outside of his office building, having to remind himself to breathe in and out.
Pepper had asked earlier in the week what colors he had planned for the nursery, and when he didn’t have an immediate answer, she vowed to right this apparent injustice.
“So,” Bucky said, throwing his chopsticks down on the table and rubbing his hands together. “Who’s up for some Cards Against Humanity?”
“I...yes?” he asked, still not quite sure of himself “I mean...I think I do anyway. We haven’t bonded or anything like that, but...I think that I want to.”
The room fell silent, save for the sound for the coffee maker. Tony wasn’t ready for this, seeing Steve the day after their couch make out. But Steve apparently didn’t share that sentiment.
“Wait what? Where are we going?” Steve asked practically running to catch up. Once he got to the car, Tony stood with the a piece of fabric in hand while holding the door open.
“I don’t know, Pepper! All I can tell you is that I really like being around him. He’s smart, he’s funny, and I literally have to use all of my willpower to stop myself from kissing him every time he’s within arm’s reach.” Tony said, slightly horrified. “I’m a grown ass man, one who could quite literally have anyone he wanted. I don’t know why I’m all of a sudden acting like a 15 year old in some kind of shitty rom-com.”
The man turned to look Tony up and down. “Just talking to this sweet thing over here, nothing you need to concern yourself with.”
“Ah, well, you’d probably have to get a few more of these in me before I’d be drunk enough to actually answer that question,” Tony answered in a somewhat bitter tone
Bucky just rolled his eyes and smiled. “I feel like you’re looking for an excuse to tweak it even more, but I promise you guys built one hell of a prosthetic.”
“That might have been like...12% of the reason why I agreed,” Tony offered, unfolding his napkin to place it in his lap.
The most troubling part of all of this, though, was that Tony was only aware of one AI with this kind of capability, and that was JARVIS. There were tons of people in the world of AI looking to perfect general intelligence with capabilities like what Tony had done with JARVIS. But for this kind of tech to just pop up on a high school robotics team without a peep from the robotics community, it wasn’t just odd it was impossible.
Tony wasn’t sure how long he was out, but he woke up to the feeling of cold water splashing his face. He startled at the feeling, seeing Steve leaning over him when his vision came into focus.
Steve looked up from his computer long enough to notice that there were snowflakes falling from the sky. He only had a few more items to add to the year end review presentation before he could shut everything down to go home for Christmas break. As the Founder of Art First, a small startup that worked to give homeless and underprivileged children access to the arts, Steve was responsible for presenting the year’s progress to the company’s advisors. He was hoping to begin a round of funding, after the holidays, so getting the presentation together beforehand was crucial.
“Steve, nice to meet you. I’m Nick Fury, people call me Fury. Have a seat here and we’ll get started.”
The brunet decided to walk a bit to clear his head and figure out exactly what he was going to do for Steve that night. He had eight hours to go shopping, get his house in order, and prepare dinner. It sounded like more than enough time, and yet Tony almost broke into a sweat thinking of all the possibilities and all that needed to be done. He quickly took a mental inventory of what he knew he had in the house and what he could quickly do with it all. Thankfully, he had all of the ingredients he needed to make one of his favorite meals.
“Do my eyes deceive me? Am I really being graced with a phone call from the Tony Stark?! Am I finally worthy?!” Carol answered in some sort of old English accent.
“You do realize we’re at a bar, right? Getting you drunk enough to answer that question isn’t exactly a challenge for me here!”
“Thank you for your concern, but I’m fine. I took your advice on not being a total asshole and it’s gotten me a new friend, is all. I promise, I’m not up to anything, just turning a new leaf and making work a little more bearable for everyone around us.”
out of the closet. The wrapping paper was a heap on the floor as Tony tore it off to reveal a painting--a beautiful, detailed,
“Look, I love you, Tony, you're my best friend and I don't ever want that change. But this relationship, us dating, I can't anymore.  I’m sorry.”
It took Steve going home, unloading the groceries, and preparing the most intense fruit salad he'd ever seen in his life to realize that maybe he'd gone a little overboard and maybe he should have actually bought something dinner related. Unfortunately, this epiphany hit him all too late as he suddenly heard a knock at the door. He greeted Tony with a sorrowful and apologetic look.
“Welcome to Olive Garden, can I start off by getting you anything to drink?” Steve asked in his cheeriest voice. The patron mumbled his answer without so much as lifting his head. Steve just rolled his eyes and tried again.
As Steve stood there, patiently waiting for a response, Tony couldn’t help but notice how good the omega looked wearing what seemed to be his favorite dark blue cardigan.
“Well...yeah. You make a good point, but also you seem to really want to be our assistant coach and Lord knows I don’t feel like putting more into finding someone than I already have. So, welcome to the team.” Tony said, clapping Steve on the shoulder before continuing the walk to his car.
Steve walked into work feeling worse than he had ever felt in his life. He had been feeling nauseous for a whole week, generally becoming physically ill at least once a day for about as long. Initially he couldn’t figure out what could be causing it, but he just chalked it up to food poisoning, and tried to go about his life.
Sure enough, no more than ten minutes later, Tony was practically moaning as he took bite after bite of a hearty slice of avocado toast with mozzarella, tomato, basil and balsamic on it.
“Coraline! Be nice to your daddy!” Tony gaped. Steve had told Tony she’d been misbehaving, but Tony hadn’t expected her to be rude to
The next day, Steve set out for the workshop on a mission. He was going to get Tony to come upstairs even if it killed him.
“See, Pep, part of being a responsible adult is deciding when you want to work and when you want to blow off boring stuff. You’ll learn all about that when you’re older, but until then, what’s the reason for this lovely yet impromptu visit?”
Steve wanted nothing more than to sit here and listen to his baby forever, but the thought of actually getting to see his child for the first time was too amazing to pass up. The omega wordlessly gave a nod for the doctor to start the ultrasound. Steve winced slightly at the feel of the gel as it was squirted onto his belly, and he held his breath as Dr. Banner began to move the wand around. Once he found what he was looking for, he held the wand still.
“Aww Rhodey, come on,” Tony whined, clearly not wanting to do this. He knew how bad it looked, letting the cute new guy help out for no other reason than because he’s cute. The last thing Tony wanted or needed was to be chastised for something he was already beating himself up for.
Steve sat there for a bit, trying to soak this moment in, as he had done with most of their conversations lately. Going through all of this was surreal enough, but getting to share all of it with Tony made everything that much better.
Steve barely had the time to register the sheer beauty and opulence of the lobby as they quickly moved to the elevator. Once there, Tony stood with an expectant look to which Steve internally berated himself realizing Tony had asked him a question. “Sorry, what did you say again?”
,” Steve groaned, gripping Tony’s hair harder. It was just shy of painful, but Tony knew that meant the blond was close. He closed his eyes and began to work his throat around Steve, earning himself the most beautiful moans. “Look at you. So perfect,” Steve said through a shaky breath. Tony felt the hand leave his hair, as another hand gently caressed the side of his mouth. “I'm close Tony, I’m gunna —” the blond began.
Fury looked on, unamused, before turning toward Steve. “Looks like this is my stop. I’ve had enough of these fools for one morning, so have fun with…” Fury paused to look Clint up and down before turning back to Steve. “...this whole situation.”
“I was scared once Peggy left. The thought had literally never crossed my mind that I’d have to raise Coraline on my own, so when that became my reality, I panicked. Still, that’s no excuse for the way I treated you, or the things I said. I was an absolute asshole, and I’m grateful that you’ve taken me back. But I need you to know that I love you and I’m going to spend the rest of my life making this up to you, if that’s how long it takes.”
“Alright, well I guess I’ll be heading out then,” Tony said, softly, ”I’ll be around during the break from work so if you need anything, just give me a call.”
“He’s doing this on purpose. Howard sees you happy and puts these ideas in your head to sabotage that.”
“Oh, yeah,” Carol said, around a small laugh, “I would have bet money back then that I was going to be alone forever. I had friends all around me, finding their bond mates, but it just didn’t seem like something that was meant for me. All the mushy stuff they were talking about sounded kind of awful actually, cause I mean...who likes dealing with feelings, right?! But then one day Rhodey came along, and it was terrifying. I’d gotten so used to the idea that there was no one out there for me and that, like you I was going to be a lone-alpha, but then in walks the most perfect beta the world had to offer. Suddenly I was having to readjust everything I’d set myself up for and it was hard...really fucking hard, but so worth it.”
Woah, okay. So here we are, chapter one! Please don't expect all of the chapters to be this long. We'd love to make them that way, but there's no way we'd be able to stay on schedule ^^;
Tony knew better than to challenge Steve when he was so obviously right, but it was almost like second nature. Tony wasn’t able to give his words much thought before he felt Steve’s hand palm him through his jeans.
The saving grace of all of this, though, was the fact that Steve knew he wasn’t going to have to go through this alone. Upon finding out what had happened, his friend, those he had known before his pregnancy as well as those he’d met through Tony, rallied around him, to remind him that even though it didn’t feel like it, he was loved. Initially, he had been wary of Pepper, Rhodey and Carol, suspicious that Tony had asked them to spy for him. But he quickly came to realize that they were there for him because they genuinely cared for him and Mason. Whether Tony was happy about that or not was beyond him, but frankly, Steve didn’t much care. He had bigger things to worry about now, than the alpha’s happiness.
“Absolutely, sir, one second please,” the girl said, typing in some information. It only took a minute for the look on her face to go from seemingly happy to confused. She continued typing, the crease in her brow deepening as she frowned. “Mr. Stark, sir, I am so very sorry. I see here that you’ve reserved two suites, but we only have one suite available.”
“Am I though? Steve is being an complete idiot. I would just like to know more about his grand plan to raise this mistake with the dumbass who got him knocked up.”
Tony considered the question. “No, all I need is you here with me to make Christmas perfect” Tony assured, with a sweet smile. “But Naked Christmas definitely wouldn’t hurt.”
“Listen man, you’ve got this! We all care about you and want nothing but the best for you. If Tony is anything like how you’ve described, then I know he’ll do fine tonight, ok? So just relax a little, because you’re so tense right now that your shoulders are practically up to your ears, and that’s not a cute look.”
“I feel like, at this point, you’re purposefully ignoring me when I tell you not to just jump out at me when I’m working,” Steve responded, making sure to sound every bit as annoyed as he was.
The first time Tony tried, he just plain chickened out. Now that he had a plan to get with Steve, the prospect of being with Steve was terrifying.
has a name,” Steve ground out, his cheeks beginning to warm with embarrassment at the way this man was treating him.
“Is that not what you called me here for? If you wanted someone who was going to blow smoke up your ass and tell you exactly what you want to hear, you should have called that intern Peter. He’s dying for your approval so I’m sure he would have sat here and told you any bull shit excuse you wanted.”
“So, anyway, how is everyone doing?” Tony asked, looking around at the group. He noticed a dark skinned man that he didn’t recognize. “You,” he gestured to the man, “I don’t believe we’ve met. I’m Tony.”
"I figured it might be best for Coraline if there weren’t people around that I couldn't trust not to abandon her..."
“And you wanted to do that by serving me breakfast while naked?” Tony asked, a confused smile on his face.
“So are you guys staying or…” Tony spoke, moving to pick up Coraline from her spot on the floor. Natasha looked at Bucky and just shrugged.
Steve had assured him that he was fine, that he was keeping busy and not to worry, but Tony couldn't help feeling guilty. This was their first real trip as a couple, and the brunet had spent almost half of it at work. At this point, he wanted nothing more than to just cuddle up next to his super soldier boyfriend with a nice hot drink in front of a roaring fire. Every second spent not doing that had Tony growing more and more impatient. Thankfully, he knew the ride wasn't much longer, as they made the turn onto the long road that led to the cabin.
“I went to the doctor the other day and they told me why I’ve been so sick lately,” Steve started, cautiously.
“That’s bullshit and you know it. Everyone here hopes to have you in their section, because they’ve seen how you tip me, and you don’t do the same with everyone else. You’re generous, yeah, but you’re not throwing thousand dollar tips at anyone else but me. I don’t know what you think you’re doing here, but it needs to stop, now.”
The pair of them sat there silently for a while, thinking of what to say next. Tony couldn’t quite believe all that was happening, but there was something that needed to be made clear.
“Oh, I’m sorry. You came to me a few months ago, openly telling me that Steve managed to miss all the signs that he was going into heat, you randomly show up and decide to be the friend that fucks  him through it, you end up knotting and getting him pregnant, but somehow
“Okay, lift up your right foot. There you go. Okay, now your left. Take it one step at a time, hon. Very good. Now take another one—”
Tony and Stark Labs arrived in D.C. three years ago, and Steve had been pinning over the inventor ever since. It felt like such a school boy crush, just fawning over the gorgeous genius who clearly had no clue that Steve even existed, a thought which sparked a question in Steve’s mind that left his lips before he could think better of himself.
Tony racked his brain but came up empty. “Gunna need a little more help than that, doll. You and I both know I say a lot of things but they don't always stick.”
"Because," Steve began, now looking down at his stomach, "Bug and I spend all day every day together. I have endless opportunities to have private conversations with this baby. I just figured it'd be nice if you got to have that too."
It wasn’t until he had completely finished buttering a few slices of toast that Tony walked into the kitchen, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. Steve gave a warm smile.
“You made this man your second in command after barely knowing him, went on an entire date with him, then whisked him off on a weekend getaway, and you mean to tell me that you two are just
.” Steve growled. It was a voice that his friends didn’t hear often but when they did they knew they had mere seconds to avoid Steve’s true ire.
“I know that I might sound cold, I’m just looking out for my best friend. Aside from the fact that he wants to do the right thing, he actually cares a lot about you. So all that I ask is that you always keep his best interest at heart.”
(a song that exclusively reminded Steve of Tony) on a perpetual loop in his head, Steve had managed to use the song to help him get his feelings out on paper.
Bruce groaned and rolled his eyes as Tony rolled up his sleeves, ready to get to work. If this was going to be his last effort to win Steve back, Tony was for damn sure going to make it a good one.
known he wouldn’t do anything like this. I mean, Ty clearly had to pull some really shitty stuff to make all of this happen. The guy who actually helped him was desperate, otherwise I doubt he would have ever done something of this sort.”
“That I uh...maybe...sort of...have feelings for...Tony,” Steve flinched once he got the whole statement out.
Tony settled in, trying not to focus too hard on the warmth radiating from the man beside him. As he closed his eyes, beginning to drift off to sleep, a realization hit. On the way to dinner, during their conversation, Tony asked about an attendee at the meet up, but couldn’t remember why. When the reason popped into his mind, clear as day, Tony’s eyes snapped wide open.
Steve slowly raked his hands down the alpha’s body, admiring the torso that had been on display under that lace shirt all evening. Without a single warning, once his hands reached Tony’s waist, Steve swiftly leaned over, taking the cock below him into his mouth. Tony gave a punched out groan at the feeling of his cock hitting the back of Steve’s throat, and the omega preened at that. His goal for the night was to do nothing but make Tony feel good, and it seemed that he was off to a great start.
“Ready?” Tony asked, once his fingers were slicked with the lube. Steve just nodded, his eyes closed. “It’s gonna hurt a little bit at first, okay?” Again, Steve did nothing but nod. Tony gently ran the pad of his finger over Steve before slowly pushing in. He remembered the first time this had been done to him; how it had felt so intrusive and
Tony turned back to the TV, feeling proud, as he heard the sounds of Steve failing to stifle a laugh.
“No it…it’s fine. I always knew she was too good for me; it was only a matter of time before she figured that out too. The kicker is she cheated on me. I mean I never expected this to last forever; being Iron Man’s girlfriend and Tony Stark’s keeper must get old fast. But I never expected this, not from her.”
It only took a few more minutes of walking for them to reach the restaurant. Tony opened the door for Steve, and gestured for him to go ahead. The blond gave a nod of thanks before walking in. Once they were seated, the pair of them sat quietly looking over the menu.
Peggy waved as she left the two men standing with the little girl. Tony turned to look at Steve, but before he could speak the little girl woke up. She extended her hand to grab Steve’s nose and as she did so, Steve let out a small sigh.
“Keep your voice down or I’m kicking you out right now,” Steve whispered, angrily. Tony gave a small nod in apology before continuing.
Tony let out a growl that practically shook the room. Everyone in the club went silent, turning to look at the spectacle taking place. “You have ten seconds to back the fuck off
as you couldn’t be real.” Tony said, rubbing his thumb over the back of Steve’s hand.  “But you are, and you’re so much better than I ever could have imagined. I just—my only hope is that you can forgive me, and give me another chance to show you how much you truly mean to me.”
As he read it over, Steve thought on the words he’d written. Since their trip to Connecticut, he and Tony had gone to two meets with their robotics team, working even better together under pressure than Steve ever expected. Despite all the nerves that he felt, Steve seemed to silently fall into a rhythm with Tony that felt so effortless it was astounding. Where one of them fell short the other excelled and together they ended up leading their team to win both meets.
As Steve stood in his shower, he fumbled around for his shampoo, stumbling across the bottle that Tony had given him. Through all the pain of the alpha cutting ties with him, Steve still couldn’t bring himself to get rid of it. Though he hadn’t used it in some time, every so often, he would just smell it, the scent taking him back to a time when they had seemingly been happy. He quickly put the cap back on the bottle, and continued on getting ready. Twenty minutes later, Steve was dressed and ready to go. He called a cab and went outside to wait, basking in warm July morning air.
Steve’s cheeks grew slightly pink as Tony sighed. Though he was drunk, he knew that this conversation wasn’t going to be easy.
Steve turned to take Cora to her room, but turned with a mischievous grin on his face. “As I said before, once I put her to bed, I’m gonna come back out here so we can work on your payment.”
“Well, I can have someone at SI look into it if you need,” Pepper offered, pulling out her phone to send out the assignment.
“What are we doing here?” Steve asked through clenched teeth, feeling his face begin to burn with embarrassment.
No matter what it took, Tony was going to make sure that Tiberius Stone answered for what he’d done.
“We’ve really got to stop meeting like this,” Tony said, teasingly. Steve gave a slightly embarrassed smile that nearly knocked Tony to his knees. “Mind if I join you?” he asked.
That question ran through Tony’s mind for hours. Was he going to be able to do this without fucking up, like he had with everything else he’d ever done? That was too big of a question to answer on his own, Tony realized, and if he wanted help, that meant he’d have to go to his friends. As hard as it was going to be to tell them, Tony knew that he wouldn’t be able to get through this without them. So he sent out a text to just Pepper and Rhodey, asking them to come over for lunch and a talk.
“I am not just some random off the street giving you my meaningless opinion. I am your best friend, telling you that this is a reality, this is
“Do you love him?” Bucky asked, startling the two on the floor as he took a seat behind them on the couch.
Tony Stark. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew that wasn’t it, but he pushed it aside as he began to focus on the drive again.
“Ok, well I just wanted to know if you were free to get lunch today. There’s a new Thai place close by and I figured maybe you’d like to try it with me.”
Steve was aware their co-working space sat atop a system of both above and below ground walkways, filled with shops and offices, as well as an entrance to the subway. Somehow, though, he’d never managed to actually get down there to explore. Seeing it all now, completely empty and feeling almost abandoned, Steve felt a sense of wonder and amazement that he didn’t think was still possible. It’d been five years since Steve had moved to Washington, D.C. in the hopes of growing his startup, and though he thought he’d seen most everything the area had to offer, he still found himself occasionally being surprised by the wonders he was still discovering.
“Table for three,” Tony was already saying when Steve and Cora entered the restaurant. “There’s a birthday girl,” he whispered, unbeknownst to Steve.
Steve found it extremely endearing that Tony not only cared enough to bring him soup but to also make him promise to see someone about what was wrong. He couldn’t help the goofy smile from forming on his face.
“No! I mean, yes! I mean,” Tony groaned and rubbed at his eyes. “I’ve never l… I’ve never felt like… there wasn’t ever any, uh… You know what? I can’t think of a good reason not to do this.” Tony stopped himself from babbling, slid down Steve, and palmed at his crotch. “That is, if I have your permission.”
“Hey babe,” Tony said, shaking out his hair and shedding his jacket. “It’s raining like a mother fucker out there.”
Steve woke up to the sound of his phone buzzing. He turned over to see that there was a text from Tony as well as a text from Bucky. Though he’s still upset with him, Steve opened Bucky’s message first.
“Alright, well I’m going to head out, but if I don’t see you guys beforehand, I hope you both have a great holiday.” She gave both of them a hug before seeing herself out.
It was this fact that kept Steve coming back. For all the grief and stress working with Tony gave him, he really did love his job, his team and the work they did together.
Steve playfully pushed him back before standing reaching for the remote to play the next movie. The pair of them sat there, feet propped up on the coffee table in front of them, paying close attention as the movie went on. Tony hadn't noticed it but at some point Steve had moved closer to him. They sat in silence watching the movie, Tony trying his hardest to be more inconspicuous in showing his frightened actions. By the time the movie was over, Tony gave himself a small pat on the back for not freaking out nearly as much as he thought he would. As the credits rolled, he turned to look at the man beside him and finally realized Steve was asleep. He hadn't actually noticed when the blond had fallen asleep, which was surprising considering the man was sleeping on his shoulder.
Tony stood there, somehow more shocked by that response than if he had been hit. Peter cautiously approached, sensing something was wrong.
As the night went on, Steve found himself putting on a show for his lover. Every chance he got, he would saunter around within Tony’s line of sight, swinging his hips smoothly. He’d stand a little closer than strictly necessary, whisper in Tony’s ear with a sultry voice, and slowly grind his ass over the alpha’s crotch whenever they danced. Steve was pulling out all the stops, trying to send a message and he knew his efforts would lead to a satisfying reward by the end of the night. His heat was a week or so off and Steve always felt a little friskier than usual leading up to it. He knew his scent must have conveyed just how badly he wanted Tony as they danced, because the alpha tightened his grip on Steve’s hips.
Bucky nodded. “Good, good. Knows the value of information,” he muttered, half to himself, half to prove that he ‘knew what he was doing’ to the rest of the group. “How old were you when you lost your virginity and to who?”
“Well, clearly we’re off to a great start here,” Pepper spoke to the room, while reaching for a tissue to give to Steve, “Shall we continue?” She asked, wanting to make sure that Steve was ready to go on.
Tony had had enough. He took a step closer, now getting in Steve’s face. “What's ridiculous is that you thought I would ever date someone like you,” he spat out.
. If you suck, I will let you know and I will whip your ass into shape faster than you can bat an eye, trust me on that,” Natasha promised, giving a small smirk.
perfect for you. I’ve literally never seen anyone love someone else as much as he loves you and Coraline. And the way you two look at him? Christ, Steve. He would have given you the world if you had let him. Hell, he’d probably still do it.”
Steve was quickly moving around the kitchen, putting the last few finishing touches on dinner. As he set the table, assembled their plates and opened a bottle of wine, Tony stared in amazement. Steve finally turned to face the brunet and smiled. “Ta-da! Dinner is served. I hope you like it!” Steve said nervously.
. This is the kind of dick that symphonies are written about. This is the kind of dick that porn stars dream of having. This, my dear Steven, is art and I would very much like to put it in my mouth.”
At that, Steve couldn’t help but burst out in laughter. All three of his friends turned to look at him, confused, which made the blond laugh even harder. It took a few moments for him to be able to calm down enough to speak, but when he did, he had to wipe the tears from his eyes first.
Tony told himself that there was nothing wrong with his plan, after all, he was never insistent on sitting in Steve’s section. That obviously made it a coincidence that Steve was working literally every time Tony set foot in the restaurant.
was entirely too good to pass up. So Tony moved some things around and planned a winter getaway to his cabin in upstate New York.
“Hey!” Steve greeted when he swung the door open. That was not the face of someone trying to call something off.
“Hate to break it to you, Rumlow was it?” Tony interrupted, “But the only knot in his future is mine, so if you wouldn’t mind, you can fuck off back to whatever bridge you live under.”
Steve looked at Tony, silently willing him to just spell out what he was thinking. The brunet just smiled and rolled his eyes fondly.
Tony stopped dead in his tracks, tilting his head and letting out an astonished laugh. “You’re kidding, right?” Steve shook his head, feeling his cheeks warm with embarrassment. “You are something else, Steve Rogers,” Tony said softly, turning back towards the direction they were walking. “We’ll have to go out this door to the sidewalk and cross the street to get to my apartment building. Shouldn’t take more than five minutes, hopefully.”
wrong. Oh god, why was he thinking about his piece of shit ex while he was literally inside of Steve.
Natasha stepped out of the way to let Steve in. If he was being honest, Steve didn’t really think of Natasha as a friend. It wasn’t that he didn’t like her, he just found it hard to actually befriend women.
Tony thought over the beta’s words, remembering back to the times in his life when he thought he had truly found happiness. In almost every case, Howard had managed to steal that happiness from Tony. For the first time, the alpha had realized that his own father was intent on making sure his life was as miserable as possible.
hadn’t truly hit him until this very moment. This was the man who graduated from MIT at the age of 15. This was the man who owned a multi-billion dollar company that helped revolutionize the world. This was the man who was richer than God, who had everything (and anyone) a person could ever ask for at his disposal. Tony was rich, he was famous, he was a certified genius...and yet he’d invited Steve to his workshop…
“Guys, I don’t want to make things weird or uncomfortable for anyone. I really probably shouldn’t come,” Steve tried.
“I’m sure he’s just running a little late, he’ll be here, I’m sure of it,” Pepper assured Tony, as she made her way to the kitchen to dish out the food she’d brought for everyone.
“What do I do, Nat? How do I come back from this?” Tony asked, truly realizing how horrible this situation was.
“Um, not that I don’t trust your judgment…Pepper, but don’t you think that this is a task better suited for Rhodes? Someone who’s known Tony longer and someone who he trusts?”
Bucky gave a small nod, before standing to leave. Tony immediately closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, in an effort focus his mind on the task he was on before he was interrupted. He then heard his phone buzz, with a message, as if the world was trying to tell him that he needed to take a break. Tony smiled the moment he saw that the message was from Steve.
“Hold on, let me help,” Tony offered, holding just above and below the place where it was stuck, allowing Steve to yank it free.
"No, it's just I went to the store to buy something for dinner and...I had a super intense craving for fruit."
“I’m thankful for Steve,” he blurted out, then nudged his boyfriend to continue and take the attention off of himself. Tony only liked attention when he could control it.
“I’m here now, for you and Mason, and I’m never going to leave again. I promise I will keep you both safe for the rest of our lives.”
“Scowling like that isn’t going to get me off your case. It will, however, give you deeper lines in your face so keep at it. Doesn’t matter to me if you look like a wrinkled mess when you’re older.”
“So…I’d definitely understand if you wanted to call it quits,” Steve spoke quietly as he rummaged around the kitchen. Tony could barely hear him, as he was still sitting on the couch, watching Cora stack her blocks intently. She might have Peggy’s curls, but she had Steve’s crystal blue eyes.
Tony chanced a look up through his lashes and reached out to move Steve’s hand back to his head. That was enough to tip Steve over the edge and soon Tony felt spurts of cum trickle down his throat. He worked to swallow as much as he could as Steve rode out his orgasm, mouth open in a silent moan. Once the cock in his mouth began to soften, Tony pulled back only to have Steve reach out to rub a thumb over his lips.
far more than any grown man should ever admit, so don’t worry, we’ll be going back to standard operating procedures after this.”
“Why do you always get so weird when I talk about money? Money isn’t a thing for me and I don’t want it to be a thing for you, either. I want to spoil you and your child rotten, but since you won’t let me do that, at least let me give you the best life you can have!”
Pepper said hesitantly. She hadn’t been very sure of herself since she set foot in the kitchen, but she knew she needed to do this.
Steve barked out a laugh and Bucky’s mouth hung wide open at his words, which put a smile on Tony’s face. “Anyway, Steve, let’s see if we can’t scare up something to eat, hm?” he said, turning to go find the food table, pulling Steve along.
There was a long pause. “There is a call on the other line. I must take it. We can discuss this when we go to Florence at Christmastime.”
As they sat there, Steve found he couldn’t take his eyes off of the man in front of him. He noticed that while Tony thought over what to order, he began lightly chewing on his bottom lip. Steve knew he shouldn’t stare, but he just couldn’t look away from the alpha’s lips. Thankfully, Steve shook out of it just in time for the waiter to take their orders.
“Well, it’ll be at least another hour until Sam brings Cora back home, so maybe you could come up for a bit. Only if you want, though! We don’t have to do anything other than talk, but I just… don’t really want to say bye just yet.”
As he rounded the couch, Steve noticed that Pepper had tucked her legs up onto the couch. The fact that she took his invitation to make herself at home to heart put a smile on his face. “Here ya go,” he said offering up the water. “I hope bottled water is fine.”
“Please, just sit there, eat and look pretty because there is a lot to cover here. Anyway, I’m pretty excited about this, because I’ve really missed being able to work on web stuff. Plus, Coulson said I can still do the charity work for nonprofits as long as I do it through Vision, so really there shouldn’t be a downside here.”
“Where will you be staying? Not in that concrete box of a dorm room. I will never understand what that idiotic university of yours won’t let someone of your talent live in a better dorm.”
“Well, you might not see how wonderful what you’re doing is, but the rest of us do. And the rest of us are grateful for it.” Steve spoke softly. He didn’t want to harp on the subject much longer, so in an effort to change the topic, Steve pushed his stool back and stood up. “I think I’m done looking through all these scraps if you’re ready to try to put this thing together.” Steve turned to see Tony studying him. He felt exposed under the brunet’s gaze, but for some reason he couldn’t turn away.
“Have you been talking to Pepper? Because that’s a very Pepper thing to say,” Tony said, raising his head to question Steve. “If so, ignore everything she said about me… unless she said good things. In which case, believe everything she said.”
“Is this what you were looking for?” Tony purred. Steve tried to utter a response but as soon as he opened his mouth, Tony’s fingers slid across his prostate, drawing a low moan from him.
“Why are you guys asking me to do this? I’m not even actually a teacher. Aren’t there any other teachers who can help?”
“Yeah it wouldn’t be anything to worry about if not for the fact that when I tried to apologize, he said he thought I was cute so it was fine.”
Just then, Steve began to feel people poking and prodding at him. He felt the sting a needle being placed in his arm. He felt his eyes being manually opened, one at a time, but couldn’t see anything. Over the course of what felt like several minutes, his limbs were tugged at and positioned, and he was stripped of his street clothes in favor of something that felt like a gown. Steve could only assume that he was in an operating room, being prepared for a c-section, being prepared to have his sweet little girl brought into this world, not knowing whether either of them would ever get to meet.
“I haven’t seen him smile like that, at least not at me, in months, Bruce. Just let me have this. I’ll give the key back tomorrow, and I’ll stop coming in after today so just… let me have this,” Tony pleaded.
Once the appointment came to an end, Steve invited Tony back to his place to look at some of the gifts they had gotten during the shower, and the burnet accepted. He figured then was as good a time as any to break the news. The whole ride home, Steve excitedly recapped the baby shower, even pulling out his phone to share pictures of everyone during some of the games they played. Looking at the joy on the blond’s face as he talked about the party made Tony’s heart ache, but he knew that no matter how hard this would be, he was doing the right thing.
Steve woke up with a slight kink in his neck from the way he had been sleeping. He moved to try to sit up but realized there was an arm around his shoulder. That realization helped wake Steve up enough to figure out that the arm belonged to Tony. The blond startled quite a bit at that, enough to slightly wake the man he’d been resting on.
“Any time, Steve. By the way, you might want to tell Natasha not to go around sharing your address with just anyone. Some crazy woman might show up and try to talk you into giving her best friend a second chance,” Pepper said, giving a wink before leaving.
“It’s great,” Tony hurried to say, with a goofy smile plastered on his face, “it’s great, Steve. Thank you.”
“Oh Tony, you really never were any good at holding on to things that made you happy,” Ty said, moving to stand at Tony’s side and putting a hand on his shoulder. “I’ll leave you with your thoughts for now, but do make sure to keep in touch and keep an eye out for the good news once Viastone becomes the face of weaponized AI.”
“Why does my love life matter so much to you? Tony and I gave it a shot and I realized it wasn’t going to work. Why are you giving me such a hard time about this?”
. He couldn’t fault Tony for that, but Steve couldn’t wrap his head around what made Tony turn on him so quickly. Either way, it didn’t really matter now. Steve just needed to come to terms with the fact that his relationship with Tony would never be what he had hoped it would.
“I mean...we’ve got this sickeningly sweet domestic set up going on. More often than not, we  have dinner together at either his place or mine, then we cuddle up and watch TV together. He usually falls asleep, head in my lap and hand on his belly, and then I sit there talking to Bug until I fall asleep or he wakes up and one of us leaves. For God’s sake, I kissed him on the forehead when I left tonight and told the two of them to get some rest. We’re not even dating, and yet, to look at us you’d think we’re this jolly bonded couple waiting on the arrival of their baby. It’s confusing and...and…” Tony stumbled, looking for the right word.
Steve whipped around to see that Tony was in fact storming through the doors. He raised a hand to the hostess as if to say ‘Not now’ as he continued towards Steve.
“Ok, good. I’m glad you understand where I’m coming from with this, because I contrary to how it may seem, I do like you. We’re going to be seeing a lot of each other from now on, so it’s best to get these kinds of things out of the way sooner rather than later. Anyway, now that that’s settled, I’ll get out of your hair.”
The entire way home she continued to scream about the boots to the point where they were kicked off of the bus. Steve was thankful that Cora liked the bus so he didn’t have to explain that they didn’t have enough money for gas.
“Do you or don’t you want this?” Tony’s eyes raked over his ex. Steve’s cheeks were flushed and there were red marks on his chest and arms where Tony had been grabbing at him. His button and zipper were undone. Disheveled Steve. His achilles heel.
As if on cue, the carousel began to slow down until it finally stopped. Steve dismounted his horse, quickly moving to take Tony’s hand while placing his free hand on the man’s lower back to help him get down.
It had taken the span of three months for Steve to fall in love with Tony and yet it all fell apart in less than five minutes. He had no clue about any of the things Tony had accused him of. It hurt to think that the brunet could so easily jump to the conclusion that Steve was some kind of mole, hired to dig up dirt on him. But what really stung was that Tony could ever think that Steve would accept money to pretend to be in love with him. He couldn't even focus on the fact that Tony admitted he was falling too; none of that mattered now. Tony was clearly done with him, and to Steve that was just as well. If Tony didn't trust him, trust the bond they’d come to build between them, then Steve didn't want anything to do with him.
“I’m just going to ignore your threat, considering it’s nearly impossible to kill me. But I’m glad you decided to get out of this stuffy workshop. I’m sure you’ll have a great time tonight!”
They both leaned in for a kiss, neither of them wanting to be the one to end it. After a moment, though, Steve pulled back to rest his forehead on Tony’s.
“You don’t have to move in,” Tony assured. “If you think it’s too much, I get it. But… I was just… Cora really needs to start sleeping in a bed and I don’t know how to do things halfway and all of the apartments looked too
“Can we be serious for five minutes here? I’m genuinely concerned about you and wanted to check up on you.”
Tony stood in front of him, smiling nervously. “Hey there sweets,” he said, before leaning up for a quick kiss. Steve wanted desperately to turn it into something deeper but he thought better than to do so when he heard shuffling from behind him.
Steve’s question startled Tony. He’d never given any thought to what he deserved out of this relationship.
“Ok look, I didn’t want to admit that you guys were right. But you were and I like him and he invited me over for holiday shenanigans with friends and while yes, I’m pretty excited about it, I’m not going to read too much into it.”
“Well, it looks like I’m going to have to call it a night. I’ve got an early morning ahead of me tomorrow.”
Howard clenched his jaw at that, and instantly, a chill went down Tony’s spine. As a kid, he knew that the second Howard clenched his jaw, trouble was on it’s way. As an adult, he was fairly certain that gesture still meant the same thing.
“Really, Tony, if…if you’re not interested, it’s ok. Really, I mean, I get it.” Steve stuttered, putting the plate on the floor in front of Coraline.
“Oh my gosh, Steve, I am so sorry about this,” the woman said with a British accent. “I know it’s not your weekend, but Sharon called. Nana fell and she can’t take care of her on her own.”
“Why’s that?” Bruce asked, making a disapproving face as his pickle was stolen. It took Tony a moment to really consider his answer.
Tony felt his heart skip a beat at that. Before he replied, he went through his phone to dial Carol’s number.
“Alright Cap, I’ll come out tonight. But if I find out you only invited me so I could foot the bill, you’re dead.”
“God, she’s going to grow up to be an absolute badass with them around. With all of our friends around.”
“Well, I didn’t really know who to come to with this but...it seems I’ve taken a liking to your good pal Steven and I don’t really know what to do about it.”
“Look at you, staying here in my house, making my favorite food, wearing my favorite sweater. You’re desperate for the world to know who you belong to. When I'm done fucking you so hard that you can't walk straight, people are going to know that this ass,” Tony said grabbing Steve’s cheek for emphasis, “belongs to me, and it's
He let those words sink in. It’s true, he wasn’t Tony’s biggest fan at first, but over the last few months Steve had come to understand and even like him. As hard as he knew it would be, Steve couldn’t say no to helping him through such a difficult time.
“If you like Steve so much, and his opinion of you is that important, why don't you just start treating him nicely instead of bending over backwards to impress him with this party?” Pepper asked with a knowing smile.
“Well, technically my best friends are Bucky and Sam, who you’ll meet tonight. But yeah, since Nat and Buck have been together for so long, she’s basically like my sister at this point.” Steve said, smiling to himself at that thought.
Tony tentatively reached out for Steve’s hand, still somewhat shocked when the blond welcomed the gesture and laced their fingers together.
Come Friday morning, Steve found himself starting his day in the teacher’s lounge making a small bowl of oatmeal and a cup of coffee. As he sat at the table, Natasha and Clint walked in.
Tony stood silent for a few moments just staring at the wall, prepping himself to go back into the room. He’d never said he’d loved Steve before, but he never denied it when Bruce asked after that first ‘real’ date. The moment he’d said it, though, he’d known.
As Steve closed the door, his mind was still reeling from all that Pepper had shared with him. He wanted to sit down and really think over everything he’d been told but he had something he needed to do first. Steve walked back over to the couch, and settled with his popcorn and his beer. Before he could sort any of this out with Tony, he wanted to mindlessly watch his favorite movie first.
“Alright, cool! Now that we’ve gotten that all sorted out, we’re going to need to hit the road,” Tony said, bouncing off towards the car.
“Anyone with eyes can see that you two like each other. I mean you’ve spent the last three weeks just keeping him alive in the workshop.”
“I don’t have any family. I lost my dad when I was a kid, and my mom just before I graduated from high school. I never thought much about how much it would mean to me to have someone that I could call family, until I found out about this baby growing inside of me. I want to keep it, Tony. I want to keep this baby.”
The pair of them managed to defy gravity, standing at the counter on legs that had turned to jello as they fought to catch their breath.
new blond male employee at the school that Natasha may have mistaken for the object of his thirst. Before he could get his phone out to text Nat about providing adequate confirmation that she indeed invited the right hot blond guy, he spotted Bruce, Nat and another teacher, Thor.
The two of them sat there in silence for a moment before Sam cleared his throat. “So…” he began, warily. “Things with Tony seem to not be going so great?”
“I know this has something to do with Howard, because this is exactly what happened between you and I.”
“Oh, well I found out a few weeks ago that my dad’s requiring that I go to the biennial Stark Symposium that’ll be a week, and then dear old dad is forcing me to stay out there another week to help out with a few things. So, thanks to this...I’ll be missing the baby shower.”
“So before we get to the store, I really need to stress how much you should trust me here. I’m only doing this for your benefit and only have your best interest at heart.”
“Well with you all dressed like that, I’m sure you’ll get so much candy tomorrow night!” Pepper offered, trying to ease Cora’s mood. It worked, as she turned to look at the red head with wide eyes.
Tony snorted at the question. “Good lord, no! That was just an explanation for the massive sweater. I got all hot and bothered because: 1. Seeing anyone you’re dating wear your clothes is always a turn on—”
The smell of food immediately reminded Tony that he was starving. He left the rest of his bags to be unpacked later, as he followed the delicious smell all the way to the kitchen. Once there he intended to greet his boyfriend, but upon taking the man in, Tony froze.
“Your phone is currently connected to my wifi plus your password isn't hard to guess. This whole back and forth between us also gave J enough time to get into all of your systems and get the information that we needed. So…”
Steve and Bucky sat together at a desk in one of the empty offices  at work. It was early Saturday morning, so they weren’t worried about anybody coming in and bothering them. Bucky was hard at work typing up a piece on the food festival from the previous weekend, while Steve was making final edits on some of this illustrations. They did this often, coming in to work at least one Saturday a month to get ahead, and not feel so overwhelmed during the week.
“Yeah, that’s not going to keep working, I hope you know that,” Rhodey replied taking a sip of his water.
Tony let that statement sink in, and felt the urge to bury his head in his hands. He’d never put much thought into what his reaction would be to finding out he had fathered a child, but he most certainly didn’t expect this.
Steve immediately caught Natasha’s eye in the rearview mirror, the two of them exchanging a look. He was fully aware she knew exactly why he was so excited.
most amazing gift. As he left the room to go show off his more that perfect daughter, Tony came to the conclusion that whether he was a fuck up for the rest of his life, at least he was Steve's fuck up, and that was something he could deal with.
“You seem to constantly be over a lot of things, Tony. Be a little more specific,” Pepper said around a laugh, as she curled up next to Tony with her cup of tea.
Tony sat in his chair, less than amused as Ty got it all out of his system. It was several minutes before he could actually talk again but once he did, Ty couldn't stop smiling.
“Where’d you learn to ice skate anyway?” Tony asked, blowing on his drink to make it a little cooler.
Steve left in a hurry and Tony took shaky steps to the couch. Sex with Steve was about to happen. When he heard Steve starting to walk back to him, he told himself to remember each part of this. The last time he and Steve had had sex, he hadn’t
“Breath big guy, just breath,” Tony rasped out, seemingly to Steve just as much as to himself. It was another moment of trying to calm themselves before Steve felt a hand rest on his cheek, thumb stroking over his beard. “I need to move, sweetheart. You ready?”
Tony didn’t even realize he had began to cry until he felt a tear drop onto his hand. He quickly moved to wipe at his face, turning to see the Steve practically beaming.
Tony somehow managed to choke on nothing, as he saw Steve walk into the room. The blond gave a sheepish smile, as he walked in wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts that looked like they were practically painted on. Tony tried not to ogle the man, but it seemed like his clothes managed to accentuate every single muscle in his body as he moved, and that was just all manners of distracting. Tony snapped out of it once he saw the expectant look on Steve’s face.
“I need you to know that I want nothing more than to just unload the cluster fuck of a family history I have on you, but I can’t right now. All I ask is that you give me a little more time, but I promise I’ll tell you anything and everything, I just… need more time.”
“...and all of the emergency contacts are on that list too, so if you need to get ahold of anyone else, for some reason, you’ll find them there. Any questions?” Steve asked, finally stopping to look at his boyfriend. Tony just rubbed the back of his head, giving a nervous smile.
“Tony, I…” Steve started at a loss for words. He stumbled a bit before taking a deep breath and trying again.
“Do you not understand that literally no one other than you, me, Rhodey, Pepper and Happy have ever attended this? It’s a very exclusive event, not just anyone gets invited.”
“Please don’t leave,” Tony blurted out. There was a laundry list of things he had been planning to say, but in the moment, Tony was annoyed more than anything. “I’ve practically been chasing you down all evening and you’ve very obviously been trying to avoid me. I want to know why.”
“What’ve we got here?” Steve heard from over his shoulder, and nearly jumped 10 feet out of his chair as he turned to see Natasha, smiling. “Jesus fucking Christ, Nat, you scared the shit out of me.” He said, clutching his chest, falling back into his seat. Steve took a quick look around, unable to find his notebook until he glanced up to see it in Nat’s hands. All of the color drained from his face as she read his words. He desperately wanted to ask for the notebook back, but he couldn’t seem to make his mouth work as her eyes danced over the words on the page.
“You’ve got another thing coming if you think you can come into my home and talk to my family like that.”
“Yeah well it comes with the best friend territory,” Pepper spoke around a small laugh, “now if you don’t mind, I have to get back to work so, please go away.”
Tony loosened his grip, letting Rumlow crumble to the floor. When he turned his eyes to Steve, the omega let out a small whimper. “Let’s go, the Uber will be here any minute,” Tony placed his hand on the small of Steve’s back, ushering him out of the club without so much as a second glance back to the man he’d left in a heap on the ground.
“This is tooth rottingly sweet, Steve. I don’t know if I’m about to shed a tear because it’s so adorable or puke from the stomach ache this much sugary sweetness would inevitably cause,” Clint said, seemingly about to flip a page, but thinking better of it and closing the notebook altogether. “Either way, you should probably tell him how you feel and stop being such a fraidy cat.”
"I feel like I want regular breakfast, you know bacon, eggs, pancakes. But I also feel like I want an omelette. I don't think I could eat all that though so I don't really know what to do," Steve answered, with a pout.
Tony couldn’t find the words to say how thankful he was to have both Steve and Coraline in his life. He just smiled lovingly at both of them before digging into his dinner. It didn’t take long for everyone to finish eating, but once they did Cora became restless. Tony took her out of her highchair, before moving to take a seat on the couch. Once Steve plopped down beside them, Cora began to squirm as if she couldn’t hold in whatever it was that she wanted to say.
“Rhodey, honey bear, love of my life, I already said I was sorry, can’t we just leave it at that?” Tony asked, making puppy dog eyes at his best friend.
Ever since the day at the Brooklyn Bridge Park, conversations like this kept popping up. One of them would say something mildly suggestive, while the other would take the bait and they’d go back and forth until the banter naturally came to an end. It felt like they were testing the waters; trying to figure out if and where any boundaries existed. As much as Steve enjoyed this new facet of their friendship, it did nothing but stoke the fire burning within him that yearned to just reach out and kiss Tony. With every jab and every retort that came out of the brunet’s smart mouth, Steve found himself falling harder for him.
“I live within walking distance, if you wanted to wait out the storm at my place?” Steve’s eyes shot up to look at Tony, shocked at the proposition. “I've got a guest room and some spare clothes you're welcome to change into, if you'd like.”
“Yeah, uh I just… can you take me back to my apartment?” Steve asked, quickly getting into Tony’s car.
It took every ounce of willpower within him not to let out a very undignified whimper at the timid smile on Tony’s face. When he had composed himself, Steve gave a small nod. “Hey. What are you doing here?”
“Are you gonna just leave me to stand here or are you going to invite me in?” Ty asked as he quirked his brow.
“Yes, very much that. I just don’t really know where we stand and I mean...I’m more than happy continuing on the way things are if that’s what makes him comfortable, because really I’m just glad to have anything with him. But I also kind of just wish we could define things. It’s also just so weird experiencing all of this. I mean, I was the only kid my parents had so of course I wasn’t able to witness them go through this, but, I’m slowly starting to  understand the appeal of having a bond mate.”
“What is wrong with you,” Natasha asked, giving the blond a confused look, “you look like you’ve been ready to jump out of your seat all day.”
“He said that… Steve,” it was as if the word physically hurt him to say. “He said that Steve would rob me of everything I have. He was talking about money, which Steve obviously wanted nothing to do with, but I still ended up losing everything.”
“Oh, that was Tony. I ran into him at the art museum yesterday so we spent the rest of the day together and decided to make a habit of it! Going to museums then getting great food!”
He appreciated his friend’s concern, but it wasn’t necessary. Steve was capable of taking care of himself. He didn’t need Bucky to try to protect him, especially not from Tony. He decided to let it go, though. Bucky would see for himself how great Tony was once he meet the man. Steve was sure of it.
He turned toward the door, only stopping to sigh once again before turning to look at Tony and Steve. “I really do wish you had been less of a disappointment.” Then he was gone.
After that, it was all Steve could do to not make himself look like a lovesick idiot around Tony. He hadn’t been able to hide his new crush from his friends, but maybe, just maybe, he’d be able to hide it from the object of his affections.
Instantly he felt awful for yelling at the red head, but he couldn’t stop to think about that. He just had to power through this story.
“Oh honey, he stopped by the library as soon as they left here. It took him a solid fifteen minutes to tell the story because he couldn’t stop laughing. He actually started crying for real at one point. It was a mess.”
Society and evolution had changed a lot about how alphas and omegas interacted. Thanks to several movements in favor of treating omegas as equals, it had been centuries since omegas felt the instinct to be blindly submissive in the presence of an alpha. And thanks to the continued use of suppressants, heats had changed as well. Though suppressants were still used to mask the scent of one's heat and to alleviate some of the side effects, heats only lasted a day or two and were much more manageable to get through without having a mate.
“And okay, yeah, I hear ya. It’s just… it’s not so easy this time around. I stand to lose a lot here, so I just want to make sure that I don’t screw things up.”
“No. I have work to do and I’m exhausted. I don’t have time to put up with your shit anymore, okay?”
“I’m sorry to hear that you lost your grandpa after going through losing your dad too, but I really like that name. I think Mason would be a great name.”
“Uh...I’ll have the Chicken Panang Curry,” Tony answered before handing the waiter his menu, looking at Steve to give his answer as well.
“Got yew!” she giggled. Steve offered an apologetic smile, as he picked the Cheerios out of Tony’s shirt. Once he was finally cereal free, Tony looked Coraline square in the face. “Well nugget,  since you already got me, I guess it’s my turn to get you!”
Steve gave a sigh, before cramming his hands in his pockets. He knew this conversation would happen eventually, and had been preparing himself for it for days now.
“The second you’re feeling better, you need to put this date on the calendar. I will help you plan every last detail of this.”
“Hey, so I had really hoped for a better outcome today,” Steve started, nervously, “but I think despite coming in second, we had a great season. Getting to know you has been great too and I was wondering if maybe you’d want to go on a date sometime soon.”
“Yeah. There are days when I look at Steve doing the most mundane thing and I have this crazy need to protect him and Bug. Like I want to stand on a roof and let the world know that they’re mine. The thought of being bonded is legitimately terrifying to me, but it seems like it’s bringing out the best in both of us. Looking back on my parents, it seemed to do nothing but the opposite. They never seemed happy, it just seemed like they were stuck. And the thought that maybe the same thing could happen to me is what scares me.”
“And our lives together, starting now.” Tony clinked his glass against Steve’s before taking a long swallow. Steve sipped less eagerly, watching Tony intently. “I’m okay, honey. Really. How’d you get this, anyway?”
“I’ve made a mess of all of this, I know that. But please trust me when I say I’m going to spend however long it takes making up for it,” Steve said, more to himself than Pepper. “We’re completely starting over this time, and I want to show Tony that I love him despite who his father is, and how they’ve treated him.”
“Brought you and Barnes this champagne,” Tony said, handing over the gift bag, hoping that he could nip whatever Natasha was going to ask about his day in the bud.
It seemed that that was all it took for Steve and Tony to get back on track with their friendship. Tony didn’t stop by the bar for the rest of the week, but he did resume texting Steve, even more so than before. It seemed that from the moment he woke up until the moment he fell asleep, Steve was talking to Tony, and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t love it. The thought of having feelings for a man were still so terrifying to him, but Steve wouldn’t allow himself to think too hard on it. He just wanted to live in the feelings of excitement that this whole situation caused.
Tony shook his head. “No, no, no, no, none of that,” Tony shook his finger, sitting up. Steve rolled off of him so they were sitting side by side. “We’re doing this how you want to do it.”
“Oh I uhm...I was thinking maybe we could use my mom’s middle name, Alexandra. We could keep it as it for a girl, or use Alexander for a boy. Either one would make a strong middle name,” Tony offered, with a sense of sadness in his voice.
“I know. They’re very cool. But they aren’t the kind of shoes that you need. We came here to get sneakers.”
Steve would be the first to admit he was definitely underdressed for winter weather, but he’d been running hot lately. No matter how hard he tried he just couldn’t find a way to get comfortable, and he made the grave mistake of only bringing a light jacket.
“Cause ‘m Ony and daddy’s nugget,” she answered, now slightly nervous with all the attention on her.
Steve tried to act unbothered by the amount of people passing around his notebook, silently praying that no one flipped through the pages, lest they find the very not safe for work sketches of his favorite physics teacher.
“Well, I wasn't sure if you'd humor me with this, so I figured I'd sweeten the pot and make my proposal a little more enticing.”
“Oh, ok. Well, if it’s ok, do you mind if I go first? Because there’s something I’ve been wanting to talk about for a bit now that I feel like I should probably put out there now.”
Steve sat there, nervous again, as Fury looked at him, trying to place his face. Almost immediately, he snapped his fingers, and smiled wide.
Once he got to the omega’s apartment, Tony didn’t hesitate to start banging on the door. It didn’t take long to get a response but once he did it seemed as though both men were startled. Tony knew Steve had said something, he just wasn’t sure what, and he didn’t waste any time trying to figure it out. He looked up at the omega, realizing how distraught he looked, and just spat out the first thing that came to mind.
“Everyone in our group is helping with this, Steve. Plus I know you’re not busy.” Natasha replied, giving a small smile and a quirk of her brow.
“Any idiot can learn how to change a diaper. Even you,” Bucky offered, turning to face Tony with the dirty diaper in hand. “Now since I did all the work, you get to clean up the mess.”
When Tony finally stepped out of his head again, he realized that Steve had been staring at him, worried. “Honestly, honey, I’m fine. It’s fine. Let’s just get through this, then we’ll talk.” It was another moment before Steve simply nodded and went back to his work. It wasn’t much of a consolation, but Tony felt a slight weight lifted off his shoulders, knowing that he had at least a few more hours to sort everything out.
“Glad you were able to make it, I’ve had a lot of fun too,” Tony said, honestly. “And who knows, maybe I’ll whisk you away again some time.’
“Honestly, I’ve been asking myself the same question, but not just about Mason,” Tony began, as he climbed onto the bed as well, “I don’t deserve either of you.”
and Tony was afraid that if they started, he wouldn’t be able to stop himself, and he wasn’t ready to do that with Steve. Not yet.
“Sorry,” Steve muttered, visibly unclenching his fists, then slowly easing the tension through the rest of his body.
That startled a genuine laugh out of Tony. “Good to know you’re funny when you’re actually awake,” he said, reaching for his drink as the bartender dropped off the glass. He took note of the slight blush on the blond’s face at the memory of that morning.
“Word on the street is you’re sweet on our resident physics teacher,” Bucky said from under the hood of his car. Steve spluttered, trying to grasp at any word in the English language that might get him out of this, but was only greeted by a laugh from his friend. “Sounds like the word on the street is correct.”
It was going to be perfect...or rather, it should have been perfect. The day before they were set to leave, a major issue with a mechanical component produced by SI occurred. Steve was happy to wait for everything to be resolved, but Tony insisted the blond drive up ahead of him, expecting that he’d meet him the following day. What he hadn't expected was to be neck deep in the repair work necessary to get SI back on track with their production schedule. So here he was, three days into their week long getaway, finally making it up to the cabin.
“It’s a Moscow Mule. They’ve recently become my absolute favorite, to make and drink, so I figured I’d make you one,” the man behind the bar answered.
“So, you ready for the semester to start next week?” Clint, one of the waiters, asked as they walked into work together.
Steve knew that this was just how his friends were, and deep down he felt bad for snapping the way he had. When it came to Tony, Steve just didn’t want anyone getting the wrong idea, or spreading any misinformation that could come back to bite either of them in the ass. Tony was famous and the last thing he needed was the PR nightmare that came along with rumors of a workplace affair. Not to mention the fact that the school probably wouldn’t look too fondly on such rumors either. Steve just pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.
Sam looked at him, still worried, but shrugged off his concerns and turned to walk inside. Steve followed suit, internally trying to calm his nerves. The pair of them stepped up to the door, Sam taking one last look back before opening the door.
“Would you believe me if I told you that I'm literally only going there to see someone? I’ve befriended one of the bartenders…”
“This is the little bit that I was able to get out of the DeWitt robotics coach last night after the match. I didn’t want to sound like I was digging for specific information, so I just asked a lot of general stuff, but I figured your friends might be able to work with this.”
Steve watched as the man walked away, letting out a breath he hadn’t known he had been holding once he was alone again.
Steve shook his head, feeling himself pout harder than he had in his adult life. The alpha barked out a full laugh this time, but shook his head with a smile on his face.
“Not at all, please make yourself at home.” Steve answered, grabbing two bottles of water from the fridge.
There were a host of questions that Steve had upon finally giving this massive fact the attention it deserved. For one, why on earth was Tony even working as a teacher at a school in Queens?! Secondly, why was he wasting a second of his time on someone like Steve? The blond didn’t have the time to dive into either of those thoughts before he heard a voice coming out of a key pad at the side of the door.
“You’re not getting the boots,” Steve explained, fighting to stay calm. After the incident earlier in the summer he’d told himself that he wasn’t going to yell at Coraline again but she was making it very difficult for him.
“I’m not. I’m doing this because you didn’t get into this situation by yourself, so it’s only fair that you don’t go through this by yourself. Plus...I don’t have any family either, and I feel like it’d be nice getting to change that.”
“That is for me to know and for you to always wonder. Now, look at that, we’re at the top of the stairs. I distracted you from your panic at the sight, rather thought, of these stairs and now they’re behind us. Now, just a little further down the hallway…” Tony said, walking away from Steve, who stood still at the top of the stairs. “C’mon, follow the sweet sound of my voice.”
It was another hour and a half before they reached New York City, but once they did, Tony softly nudged Steve awake.
giving him butterflies. Before he had the chance to think much more on it, he saw students start to trickle into the halls. Steve went on his way towards the gym to get ready for his first day of school.
him. The imprint wouldn’t last, omegas had to be marked during a heat for a bond to take, but the act itself and the promise behind it was enough to nearly bring Steve to tears.
“Ahh, well...yes and no,” Tony answered rubbing the back of his neck, “I always figure I’m a pain in the ass pretty much every other day of the year, so I might as well throw a party to thank those around me for having to deal with my bull shit. That doesn’t work so well if I also make those same people run the show so I can sit back and relax.”
The more he walked, the closer he got to what he had been looking for, and a quick glance at the door number told him that he was at Steve’s apartment. Without any thought, he started banging on the door. Tony had all but forgotten about chewing out Steve for bailing on him at this point. All that mattered was getting into that apartment and getting his hands on whatever smelled so damn good.
“Well, looking at your work for the past few months, it seems you’ve improved greatly since we first brought you here as an intern. You and Tony have definitely had your ups and downs over the years, which is what drove me to make this decision…We’re promoting you to Graphic Design Manager. The entire graphic design team will now report to you, effective on the first of next month. Congratulations, Steve, you’ve really earned it.”
“And we wouldn’t want you to have to drop out of school to have a baby out of wedlock now would we,” Sam chimed in with a laugh.
. But the second he saw Steve nervously pulling the sweater sleeves over his hands and fidgeting with the hem as he waited for a response, something within Tony snapped. He stood from the table and moved for Steve, closing the distance between them with a quickness he didn't know was possible.
It didn’t take them long to get downstairs and outside. Once there, Steve began to push the wheelchair, just wandering towards the path they usually took during their visits.
And with that, Dr. Foster drew some blood, checked Steve’s vitals and went through a whole list of questions to try to figure out what had kept the omega feeling so sick lately. Once he left the examination room, he was practically as pale as a ghost. He plopped down in the seat next to Natasha, looking terrified.
“With all due respect, I don’t really think there’s much else that you could say to me that everyone else hasn’t,” Steve stated.
Tony took a few bites of his scrambled eggs before placing his fork on his plate, and looking right at Steve.
“Hello Mr. Rogers. My name is Dr. Banner and I’ll be looking after you during this pregnancy. Let’s get started, shall we?”
Steve looked around the room to see all of his friends exchanging looks amongst each other. He couldn’t help but wish he could read their minds as it seemed that they were all somehow silently communicating. After a long moment, Bucky finally turned toward Steve and smiled.
“Hello sir, welcome to the Omni, how can I help you this evening?” the attendant asked, sounding chipper.
Tony sat there, a cross between dumbfounded and a little insulted. “What do you mean? We won a significant amount of matches last year.”
“Everything is okay with Tony,” Pepper assured, answering the question Steve hadn’t asked. “He actually doesn’t know I’m here. I got your address from Natasha the other day, and just wanted to talk to you.”
“Of course not. Just because your dad owns a successful company and your family has a lot of money doesn’t mean I know anything about who you are as a person. For a while I actually thought you were such a jerk to me because you were the stereotypical entitled rich kid. But then I got to meet the real you that night at your Halloween party, then I knew I had been wrong about you all along.”
The blond thought on Tony’s words for a moment, before shaking his head and reaching down to grab his things.
“So, I’m just going to be upfront; you’re both interested in each other. Instead of me being the go between, I want the two of you to sit here and talk this out.”
Tony’s eyes shot daggers at his friend  before he continued. “He missed lunch today, and I was definitely a little pissed because I had to sit all by myself like some kind of loser.” He said, remembering the lie he told Steve in an effort to not show how sad he’d actually been about their missed midday catchup.  “He invited me out for drinks to make up for it, but I told him I couldn’t because I needed to find an assistant coach for the team. When he offered, I was just as skeptical as you are but then he looked like he was ready to fight me to prove that he could do this so I said why the hell not.”
Tony held his breath as Steve worried his lip. He really didn’t want to have to take the gift back, but he didn’t want Steve to feel uncomfortable, either. The blond just sighed before giving him a wary smile. “I’m still kind of apprehensive to take such an expensive gift from you… but I understand what you were trying to do, so thank you.”
“Hey there mister,” Tony smiled leaning in for a kiss, “how do you expect me to keep my hands to myself when you wear a shirt like that?”
“That’s what you get when you diss the best ice cream flavor ever,” Tony answered, with a satisfied look on his face.
The two of them sat there in silence for quite a while. It took a bit for the words to sink in but the second Tony understood what Pepper was saying, he began to panic.
At this point, both Natasha and Bucky’s eyes were on Steve. He rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, as he gave a huff.
He pulled some crumpled bills out of his pocket and handed them to the driver before heading out of the car. He hadn’t thought much about it on the ride over, but Tony suddenly became very aware of his appearance. His hair was disheveled and his clothes were wrinkled from laying down and sulking on the couch. He tried to straighten his clothes out a bit but once he realized that was a lost cause, he ran a hand through his hair, for good measure.
There is a possibly offensive joke during a Cards Against Humanity game. Please don't take it too seriously. It's all in good fun.
“So, are you ready to see your baby now?” Dr. Banner asked, question slightly masked by the still vibrant heart beat.
Tony had -2% experience dealing with children. His dad hadn’t even let him be a child when he was a child. How the fuck was he supposed to interact with one?
Thankfully, after a moment of staring at each other, Tony stood and led the way back to the station with the components Steve had chosen to work with.
“I don’t know what song this is, but play this one and go from there,” he said looking back towards the road.
That was all the convincing Tony needed before he lunged forward to seize Steve in a searing  kiss. “I'm gunna make this so good for you,” Tony whispered between kisses.
“Sweetheart, I understand that things have not been easy lately. There have been a lot of changes around here and that’s hard. But you can’t keep acting like this, alright?” Steve asked, trying to reason with his daughter. Cora just gave him a pouty face, before pushing her plate off the table, spilling the peas all over the floor.
He knew that at some point he’d have to bring this up, but over the course of the month and a half that they spent planning their baby shower and just enjoying the excitement of their impending parenthood, Steve noticed that Tony seemed a little on edge about something.
“But I thought we had this unspoken understanding that as long as I show up to the meetings you schedule, I won’t have to talk about my feelings.”
“Look, Cora just pooped in her diaper and I have no clue how to change it. She’s miserable right now because she’s uncomfortable. I’m miserable right now because it smells horrendous and she won’t stop crying. Please just help me! Did you just… are you
“Listen, if you think you have a crush on Tony, that’s fine. I think you should really talk to Bucky about this though.”
Natasha just gave him a scolding look before walking away. Almost immediately Tony began to panic. Did Steve quit because the alpha asked him on a date? Was that what this was all about? He jumped to his feet to find Coulson and get to the bottom of this.
“I mean, I figure, uh, if I ever needed you to watch Cora again and you needed to leave or something, um… it’d be easier if you had your own key instead of me having to leave mine and you know…”
“Listen, I don’t know what the hell happened but this morning I got word from Steve that he’s quitting. He wants to work the remainder of his two weeks from home, and he’s instructed Natasha to collect his personal effects. I don’t know
“What are you talking about?” Tony asked, genuinely confused. “I don’t want the people I love most in this world to suffer.”
As he stood watching the heat with DeWitt and another school, he leaned over towards Steve to point out the bot in question.
It took a moment for Steve to realize that he had lifted Bucky from the floor and was pinning the man’s neck to the wall behind them, with his fists. He immediately dropped the brunet to the floor, and stood as he watched Natasha and Clint move in to help him up. They all turned to look at him, bewildered.
“Listen, you need to be less paranoid, alright? Tony’s arrogant, cocky and a pain in the ass, but he wouldn’t invite you to this party just to enact some elaborate scheme to embarrass you.”
Ty was frantically going through everything on the tablet, desperately looking for a way to get back on top of all of this, when he stopped. “What is this? Why do you have one of my bank statements?”
Steve sat outside in his car, waiting for what felt like the right moment to go inside. He’d been sitting there for a solid fifteen minutes, but no matter how badly he wanted to get up to go meet his friends, he couldn’t shake the feeling of nervousness that seemed to overtake him. He initially had his reservations about attending Tony’s party but once he decided to just accept his fate and roll with it, he’d actually become excited to reveal his costume and spend quality time with some of his favorite people. But there was still something nagging at him, telling him that this might not be a good idea.
“So I guess I’ll just drop you back off at your place then, huh?” Tony asked, once they got to the car. Steve just looked at him nervously.
“Surprise!” Tony sang, with a big smile on his face. “A little birdie named Peggy may have told me just how much you and Cora love penguins. So I figured I’d get her these stuffed penguins that kind of, but not really, look like the two of you, while I got you the chance to feed some of these little guys.”
Steve let out a pitiful whine when Tony licked up the underside of his cock. He circled his tongue around the head, making Steve squirm, then took him wholly into his mouth. Steve bucked up Tony could feel the head of Steve’s cock pressing against the back of his throat. Years of giving head had prepared him for this moment.
“I hear you baby, I’ve got you,” Tony soothed, before lining himself up. He slowly pushed in, bottoming out in record time, letting out a low groan the second his hips met Steve’s ass.
Steve turned to face forward, stunned that Peter had practically Jedi mind tricked him into figuring out his own issues. As they pulled up to the school, Steve spotted the cherry red sports car that Tony and Rhodey had arrived in. He took a moment, head reeling at how amazing Tony looked getting out of his car. It really wasn't fair for a man to look
, he needed to be strong for Mason. Steve was the only person he could trust at this point not to let her down, and he took that responsibility very seriously.
“Ma, I honestly don’t know how I got lucky enough to be your son,” the blond said, moving to wrap Sarah in a hug.
“Alright,” Steve agreed, walking into the exhibit as Tony held the door open for him. Steve stopped in his tracks once he saw what was waiting for him on the other side of that door. There were 8 penguins perched on a rock, signs around their neck reading ‘I LOVE YOU’. When he turned to look at Tony, he was met by the site of two stuffed penguins, one significantly smaller than the other.
How had this happened? Tony literally had the most secure systems in the world, and yet somehow Tiberius had managed to weasel his way in. Tony needed to get out of there, to find a place where he could just sit and think in peace. If he could just get Steve, Tony thought, maybe they could leave together and figure it all out. Tony shook himself out of the haze of panic he’d fallen into, just in time to see Steve talking to the DeWitt team coach. He narrowed his eyes as he saw the pair shaking hands and exchanging a laugh. In that moment, Tony’s heart sank.
Without a word, he moved to unzip Steve’s pants, but stopped once the other man reached out to take hold of his hand. “I'm not ready to be done kissing you yet,” Steve said, pulling the brunet up to resume attempting to kiss him within an inch of his life. Tony indulged Steve for as long as he could bear. It was the least he could do for showing up to their getaway three days late, but the need to ravage Steve was quickly edging out everything else.
“Hi,” she said, then began to giggle uncontrollably. Tony couldn’t take his eyes off of the little girl. When he finally looked away, he noticed that Steve was standing behind the couch, holding a plate of apple slices, smiling down at them.
“It’s 8 on a Tuesday night. Rhodey is out to dinner with his college fraternity friends, and I’m cuddled up on the couch watching Investigation Discovery. You know damn well I’m not busy,” Carol responded.
“She’s down for a nap right now, but she should be waking up within the next hour or so. There’s a brand new bottle of her juice in the pantry if she wants any, but please try to make sure she drinks some milk today. I’ve left plenty of Graduates snacks and meals for you to choose from. She’s going to tell you she wants to eat the hot cereal for dinner; seriously she’s going to
Steve, humiliated, reached down to pick up his daughter to leave the shoe store. Once she was off the ground, she was a loose canon. She was throwing her limbs about, punching and kicking at Steve, still screaming.
Steve pulled back to look Tony up and down before giving a shrug. “Ehh, you’re alright, I suppose,” he deadpanned. Tony barked out a laugh before throwing a soft punch at Steve’s chest.
“You’re one to talk,” Steve retorted, taking stock of Tony’s attire. He wore a brown bomber jacket atop a deep maroon shirt, dark jeans and black high tops. “You’re wearing Ferragamo sneakers,” he added.
The alpha thought about what life would be like, watching Mason grow up with three of the strongest women he’d ever met, and he couldn’t help but laugh as well.
“If you insist on holding me hostage in my own home, then keep your voice down. Cora’s asleep,” Steve spoke, quietly. Tony moved closer to accompany him in the living room. “You came all this way to talk, so talk.”
Once Tony made his way down the hall, Steve shut the door, giving a somewhat defeated sigh. He knew he had a lot of thinking to do, but at the moment, all the blond wanted to do was sleep. He walked into his room, and noticed a box with red wrapping paper and a note attached to it. Steve gingerly unwrapped the box, unveiling a bottle of shampoo. Reaching for the note, Steve couldn’t help but smile at what it said:
Tony breathed a sigh of relief, and made his way off to bed. He was going to need all the rest he could get to tackle tomorrow’s endeavor.
“Oh my goodness, nugget. You’re so big! When did you get so big? Daddy’s making you eat your veggies, isn’t he?” Tony gushed as he took her in his arms.
“Oh, I wanted to see if you wanted to get lunch. I figured if you had all this money to throw away at a bar then you’d have no problem taking me out for a nice meal!”
“I figured we could check out the penguins. I know sometimes they, like, do a show with them. Maybe it’d be nice to see while we have everything to ourselves.”
Tony sat in bed awake, nervously waiting for his alarm to go off at 7 am. He had been laying there all night too anxious to sleep, wondering what today would have in store for him. Ever since he had missed that first appointment where they got to see and hear Bug’s heartbeat, Tony had been terrified of missing any other big milestones. It is because of that first experience that he sat awake the night before every single appointment Steve had, in an effort to avoid over sleeping.
Steve had been so kind to them throughout their entire stay, even making a joke about some of the specials that they had. Tony had been so miserable all summer without Steve, but he’d finally found a way to get his fix. It seemed harmless enough in the beginning, Tony told himself he’d just stop in to the Olive Garden maybe once or twice every few weeks. But it only took two weeks for Tony to learn Steve’s schedule, and to show up every time he was working.
Tony quickly responded with his thanks before calling an Uber to take him to go see Steve. The entire ride over, he tried to sort everything out, figure out what he was going to say. But the second he got to the omega’s door, his mind went blank. He reached up to knock, feeling his heart racing. When Steve finally answered the door, he had a look of annoyed anger on his face.
Steve removed his pants, then looked to Tony, expectantly. When Tony looked at him, confused, the omega gave a fond sigh. “You always say this shirt makes me look like a present, all wrapped up, so I wanted to give you a chance to unwrap me.”
“Uh...I’m ok, really,” Steve answered, cursing himself for not containing the shiver that made it’s way through his body in that exact moment.
Tony left the apartment building feeling like a hole had just been ripped through him. He was more than excited that Steve was letting him make up for his mistake, but he couldn’t shake what the man had said. He missed the first time his baby’s heartbeat was broadcast out into the world, and getting to be one of the first to witness the sight of his baby. It hurt, knowing that this milestone was lost to him forever, but all he could do now was be there for both Steve and the baby for every milestone hereafter.
“Let’s see…” Tony pretended to count on his fingers. “None of your business? Yeah, that sounds about right.”
“How...how did you know that’s what I was thinking?” Steve asked, suddenly raising his head to look at Bucky in disbelief.
“So where are you going for this break?” Steve asked, as Tony moved to rest his head on the blond’s naked chest.
Steve stood back and watched as Bucky and Sam threw their first round of axes. While waiting his turn, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He saw a text from Tony and couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face when he read the message.
The two of them sat there in silence for a moment, Steve internally panicking; wondering if he’d said the wrong thing. Fury finally gave a curt nod before standing.
“Peg, it’s fine, really. Go make sure Nana and Sharon are alright. I’ll keep her as long as you need me to.” Steve said, taking a bag of what Tony could only assume were items for the child. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, as ‘Peg’ finally turned to look at him.
“I don’t know, I’m trying to be formal because you’re kind of terrifying right now!” Tony answered, only slightly kidding.
“I asked if you wanted something warm to drink once we make it to my place? I can use my phone to get the coffee machine going now.”
Tony gave a small sigh, grateful for the slight change in subject. “The meetup was great, actually. It’s a lot of fun getting to see someone’s burgeoning love of robotics. Although…” Tony stopped puzzling over whether to even bring up his concern. When he saw the uneasy look on Pepper’s face, he continued. “Well, it was just something Steve said about someone else at the meetup. Something about them having a bot that wasn’t being controlled by anyone, but I’m sure he must have misheard what was said.”
Clint gave an indignant huff, before throwing an arm around Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t worry about him, he pretends to be a meany, but he’s really a big ol’ softy. Anyway, c’mon, let me show you our office!”
of us in the span of five minutes?! I think he did! I feel like I should feel threatened but I’m just impressed.”
“I’d be happy to go if you’re in the mood for a drink, but being a recovering alcoholic, I try not to spend much time at bars if I don’t have to,” Tony said with a sad smile.
“Well...yeah. I didn’t want to tell you this way, but Coulson promoted me to manager of the graphic design team. I didn’t think it would be a good idea to be the boss of the father of my child, so I figured I’d quit.”
“I can’t have Tony meeting everyone while I look like shit, Sam! Everything has to be perfect today,” Steve said, frantically searching for a new shirt to wear. He knew the day would come when his friends would finally meet Tony, he just didn’t expect to be so nervous about it. He loved Tony and he knew everyone else would too, but he couldn’t shake the fear that something might go wrong.
Thankfully their drive was coming to an end as Tony pulled into the Midtown High parking lot to drop Rhodey off at his car. Once he parked beside the sleek black sedan, Tony turned to face his friend. “Thanks again for coming out tonight,” he said, trying to conceal any of the feelings the previous conversation had stirred up.
After Natasha had left him in Bucky’s hands, they called Sam over and the trio got to work on getting absolutely wasted. They played drinking games throughout a good portion of the night before that gave way to drunkenly binging episodes of
Cora’s eyes instantly lit up at the proposition, and she began to nod furiously. As they sat in Steve’s bed, his arms wrapped tightly around his daughter, Steve couldn’t help but think back on Bucky’s words. No matter how badly he wished things could be different, and no matter how badly the thought hurt, Steve knew that he and Cora would have to find a way to get by without Tony.
Steve startled at the feeling of Tony’s hand running up under his shirt. “Is more okay?” Tony questioned, between kisses. Steve wordlessly shucked his shirt in response. “More seems
Steve sat at his desk, entering attendance for his first two classes. This was his free period and he figured it’d be best to get a head start on some of his admin work for the day. As he continued going through the list of students, there was a knock at the door.
“On that note, I’m gonna let you get back to your boring homework, while I sit here and have fun watching
"Just text me when you're on your way," Steve spoke, before going to collect his things to be ready for the girls when they arrived.
“Thank you, I love you, thank you thank you THANK YOU!” Tony sang, noticing that his mood had changed drastically since opening the front door. With the exception of Pepper and Rhodey bringing him a mini molten lava cake with a candle in it every year since the beginning of high school, no one had ever really put an effort into celebrating Tony’s birthday. His friends always saw through it when he’d say that he didn’t want to make a fuss about what really was just any other day, and Steve did too.
They walked into what Steve correctly assumed would be their office space. Clint took a seat at one of the three desks in the long, rectangular room, propping his feet up as he rested his hands behind his head. “Finally, I get to take a load off,” Clint sighed, closing his eyes and settling into the relaxing position.
“You know you didn’t have to move all the way to London to give me primary custody. You could have stayed here and we would have worked something out,” Steve offered, as sweetly as he could.
“Jesus, Steve, with this again? I’m not ‘throwing money at you’. You’ve only been my server maybe four times, and I’ve tipped you the same way I tip everyone,” Tony said, defensively.
“Nothing I just...nothing,” she answered, giving a warm smile, “I’m glad you met this Steve guy. If he’s really that great, you should bring him to dinner some time with Rhodey and I.”
“This is literally still about you stealing from me. How do you keep forgetting about this?” Tony asked playfully.
“I uh...I figured since I always steal your scarves, it’d be nice if I gave you one for once...I can return it if you don’t--”
Steve raked his nails over the countertop as Tony continued licking into him. “More, Tony,” Steve shuddered, “I need more.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s arm, pulling him towards the back of the gym and away from the dance floor. “Listen,” Steve started, voice still hushed, “I don’t think it’d really be appropriate for us to have a conversation about personal matters in front of a bunch of students.”
Tony waited for Rhodey to pull out of his spot before he drove away. Clutching the steering wheel once again hard enough to turn his knuckles white, Tony thought back on the meet that evening.
Once he was alone in his office, Steve took a deep breath. He spun around in his chair to face the window behind him as he placed his hands on his small belly.
Against his better judgment, Bruce obliged. They sat for almost an hour and a half, enjoying their meal, while conversing with Steve as often as they could. Once they had paid their check, and moved to leave, Steve came running after them.
“Was it the fact that I almost died trying to fly that missile into space? Because I tried to call you, honestly I did!”
“It’s a programming language. He’s done it before and it’s fucking awful,” Rhodey answered, the trauma from that incident written all over his face.
“It sounds as if you think there’s an issue here,” Steve prompted, hoping to help Bucky get to his real point.
Steve slowly wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling him in for a small kiss. “Yeah, I think so. Cora thinks so too, she absolutely adores you,” he whispered, before going in for another kiss.
“It means I don’t know what a relationship with you would look like, but I’m willing to figure it out if you are,” Steve spoke, clearly terrified that the brunet might suddenly reject him.
“I never said it was a good decision. It was a piss poor decision. But it was five years ago and I’m past it.”
“This is your classroom, it’s fair to assume you’d be here. Plus I saw you walking past the teacher’s lounge.” Natasha said, sounding annoyed despite her slightly amused smile. “Where have you been all week?”
“Everything alright?” Bruce asked from the passenger’s side. Tony just started the car, backed up and drove off all in one swift motion.
Steve’s inner voice reminded him. He wanted to tamp down on the hope bubbling up. Everything seemed like it was going so well, but Steve couldn’t be sure. In the past, he’d always jumped headlong into his feelings for others, and it always ended up backfiring. He wanted so desperately for something, anything, to come of this new friendship with Tony, but Steve knew he needed to move slowly and with intent if this...thing had any hope of being successful.
“Oh, Pepper… hey,” Steve said, obviously confused. “I’ve got to say, I wasn’t expecting you, but it’s a nice surprise nonetheless.”
Tony’s smile faltered at the mention of Steve, but he pressed on. “No, things on that front are sufficiently fucked, thanks to you. I’m in a good mood because I think I figured out a way for us to both get what we want out of this situation with the AI.”
“We were...in the middle of things, and it was obvious that he was going to knot soon. He tried to pull away, I think to keep from doing it while he was still...while we were still...you know, and I told him not to.”
