"Ugh-" Dean moans- his back is pressed against Castiel's front as he gets his cock stroked and it feels so good. "Ugh-fuck-"
It was Saturday night and John Winchester was out as usual so Castiel was on babysitting duty. That's how they end up watching a few scary movies on the living room couch with an empty pizza box on the coffee table. The boy had begged to watch something scary and he caved instantly once those thick lashes batted in his general direction. Dean was just too cute to say no to.
Bobby laughs, "The boy ain't doin' that-" and sips the soda in his hand because beer wasn't on the daily menu anymore. "He gets constipated, hogs the bathroom for an hour at a time-"
Dean peeks up to look at him briefly before looking back down in shame for trying to take the doctor for a complete fool.
"Dean!" he shouts, half laughing. "Boy you are taller than I remember-" the laughter dies down when he sees how thin he is, he's not the thinnest person he's ever seen but it's the thinnest he's seen Dean. He pulls him in for a bear hug and ignores the lack of baby fat there once was- good thing Castiel let him know about this particular issue, he was prepared.
The silence is broken by Castiel saying, "Me and your dad are fine by the way-" they share a shy smile. "We're not fighting, so there's nothing to worry about-"
Dean's eyes open, "Turn off the light, I was asleep-" he simply rolls over like nothing happened. He stands there confused, but he- he kissed him. He begged for it, how was he asleep and doing all that?
"I got jealous-" he looks away too. "I know you must watch porn, I do it too-" their eyes meet. "I don't like that you get off on other-" he pauses an goes with "Guys-" instead of saying
Castiel hears the boys fighting on the other end of the line, he laughs. "Alright-I'll let you go buddy, good luck on that test tomorrow."
Castiel softly says, "Making me feel like you don't love me anymore baby-" his large hands cup the teens damp face. "You still love me, don't you?"
Castiel nods, "No one can fuck you like I can-" and pushes into the already loosened hole, slamming all the way in and the teen actually squeals for the first time since he was thirteen. "You got that?"
Dean actually whimpers, falling to his knees in front of his uncle. "For fucks sake Bobby, you can't take away the only person that cares about me-"
Dean pulls off his shirt and kicks off his jeans free from his ankles, "Done, sir." hes scared and horny at the same time.
Castiel smiles seeing that he's finally eating something heavier, then grows concerned. "Wait! What dead thing?" he follows the kid to his room, all of a sudden there's no pancake taco in his hand anymore. He figures he wolfed it down already. Turns out Dean hid it in his nightstand drawer to dispose of later.
Castiel sighs, "Okay." and he backs up a bit when he sees the boy leaning in close, "What are you doing?"
When Dean enters the house, Bobby tells him to pack it in already and head to bed because he's got class tomorrow. But of course he doesn't go to bed right then, there's something in his jeans that needs to be taken care of first. Dean pulls off his shirt and kicks off his jeans before letting himself fall onto the bed. He takes his time with the task this time, his breaths coming in heavily and slow.
It's the middle of September and the leaves are dried up and on the ground instead of on tree branches where they should be. It had been raining every single day without fail for the last two weeks which means Castiel is dropping Dean Winchester off at school in the morning and picking him up after. Today was no different, he'd parked the car and was was waiting at the schools double doors with his umbrella, waiting for him.
"No-" Dean states, looking out the window. "We're gonna find out if that bitch gave you somethin' or not-"
Dean knocks on the front door because it was locked for once, "Cas!" he calls through the door. "Helloo-" he cups his hands over the window so he can get a better look inside. He knocks one final time before giving up. Dean reaches the fence when Castiel opens the door.
"You can trust them!" Dean roars suddenly, making the man flinch in surprise. "All I did was make the uh-" he stumbles, "-well I didn't really make anything, it was cookie dough I uh-" he makes the motion of slapping cookie dough on a cookie sheet- but does it to the air in front of him and that has the man laughing hysterically. "Shut up!" the teenager steals his cookies back. "You're a friggin' dick-" and hugs the container to his body protectively.
Castiel nods, he's relieved but he's still wearily expecting another call from Jo's mother. "You didn't like it?"
"Yea-ugh-" Dean moans like a whore every time the cock in his ass hits that spot, which is every time. This angle was amazing. "-fuckin' gonna come."
Derek laughs, "Just moved up the road actually, about a mile away from here-" Dean chokes on his spit, coughing up into his hand and tries his best to conceal it. "I grew up in California, Beacon Hills actually-" they walk up to the back screen door to let themselves in. "-I was driving into town to get stuff for my house when my car died on me." he elbows the teen in the arm playfully. "Thanks for that-"
Kevin smiles shyly, "I guess-" the sun is setting far off in the horizon, both of them feeling cold since neither one had a jacket. "Do you have a boyfriend?" the question is asked suddenly, feeling strange coming out of his mouth.
Castiel blinks, "Okay." he pays for their items and they both walk to his car, Dean is so helpful and helps Castiel load everything into the car and bring everything into the house once they arrive. Dean was indeed a very good kid, the older he got the more aware he was of things that needed to be done around the house. He started mowing the lawn at Fourteen without being told to do so, he started taking out the trash on his own too at Fifteen. What really shocked him was when he woke up one Saturday morning to find Dean washing his car. The day he sees him changing his oil, he will lose it.
Bobby notices the movement and nods, "Guess it's time, winter came early-" the drive is silent until, "So, what're ya thinkin' we should do for Thanksgivin' boy-"
Castiel's fingers card into his short hair lovingly, "I'm glad you came to see me-" the teen look ups at him, "You left suddenly this morning, was something wrong?"
Castiel stood, pulling Dean with him. Sam stood as well, "There's plenty of room in my house and in my heart for the both of you. " he patted Sam on the shoulder.
After their walk they're sitting at the kitchen table having dinner and Dean's been nursing the same dinner roll for twenty minutes. Castiel could tell he wasn't hungry but he just smiled at the boy kindly, letting him know that he's there for him and he got a small smile in return.
Dean's trying to scratch underneath his cast, too distracted to notice the man's eyes are on him. He looks up, "It itches, Castiel-"
Castiel crouches down on his knees, petting the dogs thick fur. "I assume you like the dog-" he chuckles, taking in the image of his boyfriend with
Of course Dean wouldn't take no for an answer, they fought for twenty minutes about it until his uncle caved and unlocked the door to his truck- they both needed to see for themselves. Bobby was in denial, so was Dean. The drive to the hospital is surreal, it passes by in a dream like state- maybe it was a dream, they hope so. When they arrive, Bobby calls ahead of time- someone in a suit comes outside the hospital doors to escort them to the body.
Dean seemed to have forgotten what happened to him. It wasn't healthy. Castiel knew something was wrong- Dean kept rejecting him. As expected, given what hes been through recently but even his hugs went rejected and so were his attempts to kiss.
Their eyes meet again and Dean hesitates before mentioning, "I fooled around with Derek-" instantly his step father looks away. "We kissed-" no response or reaction yet. "We sorta did it-" then blue eyes burn into him. "Well, we didn't have sex but I-we-"
"Whats gotten into you?" Castiel moans as the teenager kisses his neck as soon as he waked through the front door, "Are you feeling better?"
The doctor snorts, "You have no idea what I'm going through-" and logs off his computer before quickly standing up from his chair.
The boys warm skin had been an indicator that something had been wrong and he knew that when he was being awakened by his screams in the middle of the night. Castiel opens his eyes to the sound, not knowing how long Dean had been calling for them. He rolls over, "John wake up. Dean's crying-" of course the man doesn't budge so he goes alone to find out whats going on.
"Listen- Dean, we need to talk. Bobby-" he looks into those pale green eyes, "You know that house we pass every time we drive up?" Dean nods, "I rented it today." and it breaks his heart when Dean smiles in joy and it shatters because he's got to tell him he's going to live there alone. "-you're going to stay here with your uncle-"
Castiel quickly downs the rest of his beer before joining him in their usual private room. "I have the money-" he states, handing it over to him before anything happens.
"Alright-" he smiles, his resolve crumbling to ash. "We'll take him home with us-" and there it is, another tight hug.
Meg pulls away, hugging herself "But you didn't even tell me-" and shakes her head. "I had to hear it from Chuck, a week later." now her eyes look up at him in the saddest way.
"He didn't tell you anything?" Bobby shakes his head. "A boy died on the operating table, he thinks it's his fault and I guess everyone does too." Bobby nods while he stands there, hands shoved into his jeans pockets. "He's gotta take a drug test tomorrow when he goes in for work and some kinda evaluation."
Castiel smiles awkwardly because he's the grown up here and his job is to make the eleven year old feel better about puberty being around the corner. It's not until he's helped Dean change into something clean that he mentions one of his own coming of age secrets. Maybe he shouldn't be saying these things because it really was Johns responsibility to give him the
Dean opens his mouth, sticking his tongue out, he laps at it, kissing Castiel's cock. He made a face the first taste he got at it but continued, he kept kissing it as if he was making out with it.
Castiel doesn't want to embarrass him but the truth needs to be said. "You were ranting about wanting me to be your
on him, about just how much of a drunk he is and that he's abused drugs in the same house as a minor. There's no way anyone would choose to let Dean live with John over him, no way. Somehow this new idea seems to comfort him and it has him smiling at the boy while listening to all the silly things he's got to say about his best friend
When Castiel steps outside, freshly showered in his robe Dean tells him he's gotta run home- Bobby's waiting. He nods and lets him leave without a kiss. Dean makes it back in two minutes time and rushes through the screen door, "I'm back Bobby-" he says breathlessly to his uncle who was in the kitchen making dinner.
Bobby was still on the fence about Castiel, but at least punches weren't being thrown.  They spoke like they usually did, respectfully and even shared some jokes among themselves. Dean was liking this a whole lot better, it's like he had his step father and his uncle without any of the drama of sneaking around.
The door quickly unlocks and out comes Dean with a shrug of his shoulders. "Dad was just really mad-" he looks up with scared eyes. "He went to go see your friend today-"
Dean's eyes close at the affection, he relaxes but still has a death grip on the chair. "Then why does he have chest pain?"
Castiel smiles in understanding because really- what was he thinking to play a game like this with an eleven year old. "I'm sorry-" the boy gulps under him and he's unable to resist lifting up his shirt and blowing a raspberry on his tummy which makes him giggle right away. He does it again, before ending the session with a little kiss to the reddened skin. "Guess we should bag the whole vampire thing huh-"
"Why bother, I make more money than you and I pay all the bill-" it was the wrong thing to say because John grabs him by the chin and gets in his face, he didn't say anything, it was just to scare him. John lets go once his eyes go wide in fear and he walks to the impala, laughing at him.
Castiel wondered what he could do to make Dean feel better, the kid needed a distraction. The idea came to him when he and Sam had gone off to practice driving around with Sam's mother- he decided he would get Dean a car. Nothing fancy of course since hes still young and he might end up wrecking it anyways. He always knew he loved his fathers car, that damn 67' chevy impala but that car was too big. He looked around craigslist for a few weeks and stumbled upon a 79' chevy impala. It was a little dented and rusted. It was a dark green and matte, probably painted over.
Castiel runs his hand down his face, "I need to go-" his eyes land on the teens naked body. "And you need to put some clothes on-"
"This is the best day of my life." Dean smiles beautifully with his sharp little teeth poking out at the corners of his lips as he looks down at the large chocolate chip cookie that was so big he needed both hands in order to hold it. Castiel smiles fondly at him and they make the long walk to his car.
Feeling the need to steady himself he pushed Castiel against the tile wall, caging him in between his arms on either side of him. The water hitting Dean’s back.
The boys nose scrunches up in thought- God bless young boys who can't keep their thoughts set on one thing. "Four weeks?"
"Dean-" he leans a little closer now that they're alone. "What's going on?" the boy shrugs, eating his food and simply not responding.
Castiel smiles, "I love you too baby-" and of course, it's strictly platonic on his end. "You know, I would've married you if I didn't realize I liked dick so much-" they share a laugh and it feels like old times.
"If you don't go, I'm going to tell on you." She hugs herself as if she had just been assaulted, "You're a monster, Castiel. We were friends..." she shakes her head in disbelief.
Castiel pokes his tummy too, "I could say the same for you-" Dean quickly pulls his shirt even lower and steps back like he got burned. "I was teasing- you're not flabby." Dean shakes his head, "Come on- don't start-" He pulls the teen close to him and backs up against a tree, hoping to start something up. "I miss you baby-"
"Relax-" he laughs, "-we'll spend time together this weekend." then he grows serious. "Just let me see how this work week goes, yeah?"
"Wish you could come over." Jack bites his lip as he kicks lightly at the ground. He came over around four in the morning when Dean texted him with the news of his current insomnia. He'd rushed over wearing his blue flannel pajama pants and a white shirt.
After dinner they watched a horror movie that had been on TV, though they didn't pay much attention to the storyline. Bobby was on the couch, drinking a beer and reading the newspaper. Castiel was on the recliner, looking through his old text book and Dean was sitting on the floor Indian style, texting Jack. Sam never did reply to his poor attempt to reach out a few weeks back.
Now that Dean's restless, he goes to the basement to find a bigger cardboard box for his pet to sleep in with an old pillow for a bed. He's sitting on the edge of his bed, looking around the room, the sound of his pet lapping at fresh milk on a bowl is the only thing that's audible. It's too quiet and he can't sleep yet, his feelings are all jumbled up and mixed up, as usual.
stare at the stars for a while. He hoped he would see that man again. The boy thought he was lucky to have a nice view of a pretty big orchard right outside of his window.
"Dean, I love you. Nothing is going to change- even if I yell at you in front of Bobby or tell you to do something. Remember I love you." Dean nods sadly, "He can't find out about us, not before you're eighteen. Do you understand?" The teen nods again. "Goodnight, Dean." he leaves and shuts the door gently.
Dean smiles nervously, suddenly very afraid of what his step dad might to do him. Castiel isn't big on physical discipline but there's always a first time for everything. "You know Brady?" Castiel rolls his eyes, nodding. "Well he uh-gave me somethin'-" he lets that part die off.
Dean leans forward in an attempt to wipe his face on the mans shirt in some form of payback but he's kept back forcefully. It quickly turns into a minor wrestling match with many laughs shared between them.
Castiel nods, "Of course-" things feel a little awkward, they haven't kissed or been alone together in a few weeks. He leans in close, planting a shy kiss on the teens soft lips and they both flinch at the sensation, mostly Dean. "What's the matter baby?" his voice is barely above a whisper because they both need to keep quiet because Bobby is just down the hall.
They sit outside on the porch, the sun is going down and it's beautiful. Castiel would rather be enjoying the sunset with
"We can't keep moving to run away from our problems-" Castiel says seriously and Dean sighs dramatically, "We'll come back sometime, it is nice-"
“Thanks. For listening to me.” Dean kissed him softly, barely pressing his lips against his boyfriend. He was starting to feel a little lighter now that he got some weight off his heart.
All day his thoughts are stuck on what he found hidden in that desk drawer, under those old papers. Why would his stepfather have a
"Really?" Their food comes, "Thanks Robin-" and as soon as she leaves he returns his attention to the man across the table. "I'll go with you, if you want me to-"
The next day he's leaving the hospital after a long day when he sees the guy waiting for him. He was leaning against his car, smoking a cigarette. "Hey-" he smiles.
Dean opens his eyes after a moment to look over at Castiel who was eyeing his exposed body pretty damn hard. Come on, the man looked hungry for him and he was beyond loving the attention.
"Go to your room, he wouldn't like you goin' through his things." Dean nods. "And Dean, you better be careful with that lil' girlfriend of yours, I heard you. Don't be gettin' her pregnant." Dean nods furiously again before dashing to his own room. Castiel had ended the video call during their encounter. Neither Castiel nor Dean make the first move to call each other in the following days for fear of what could happen. They almost got busted the last time they spoke- being physically apart is making them careless. He'd been so nervous about what his uncle had heard from behind the door but it couldn't have been much- he hadn't asked or mentioned anything about Castiel.
"Maybe you two can have a play date." Castiel starts the car, laughing. "She's like- twelve years old."
Castiel looks away uncomfortably, because he doesn't know just how much or how little the teen actually remembers about how their relationship began. From his end, it could look completely wrong and perverse.
He stands up, "No fucking shit-" when the car stops in front of the home he runs up to it and just stands there like an idiot. "You didn't tell me you were on your way back-"
Castiel could tell he was keeping it in his mouth so he could spit it out when he turned his back. "Swallow it."
Castiel nods, rubbing up and down his back. "Pray for us." he whispers into his ear and the boy nods. "Look at me." he orders Dean, who peels away to look into his eyes. "I love you, do you understand me?" he nods, a tear rolling down his cheek. "No matter what happens, I will always love you." they both swallow the knot in their throats and share a passionate kiss.
Fingers wrapped around his cock, squeezing out a bead of pre-cum. "Are you gonna keep quiet?" Dean nodded in compliance.
It only took giving it up a single time, now he's got perks- regardless if he's sucking dick or not but Castiel will collect on his debt sooner or later.
Castiel shakes his head and he's not at all surprised when Dean never comes back to finish the old Western movie they had been watching.
Dean realized just then, he really was his father. He didn't want to be like him...John was never accepting of him. Dean was a tiny kid, a bony teenager. Somehow at the age of 20 with alot of work he gained some muscle finally and was "man" enough according to his dads standards. He wasn't only into women, he liked men too but was too afraid to break out of his comfort zone. He felt as if he could never explore being with men even if he had wanted to before, it was forbidden.
Dean instantly looks over at the older man, "Huh-" of course he's confused because they hadn't really spoken in days.
"No offense Cas, but maybe if this were a medical thing we-" he stops when he realize he's hurt the man's feelings, "Sorry...I just don't take you for the getting down and dirty type."
“I’m sorry I didn’t take care of you like this last night. I wasn’t expecting-” He stopped talking after noticing Castiel’s cock hardening. He bit the back of Castiel’s thigh. “Pay attention to me.”
Castiel smiles uncomfortably, why the hell is he doing this he thinks. He finally asks, "Have you always thought about us? As in, together?"
Castiel tries not to laugh but fails, "Thank you, Dean. You always make me feel better." Dean leans in, about to kiss him when his eyes flicker downwards, admiring the hickey he left there.
"Dean-" he sits down on the floor awkwardly because he's too old for this. "I know things feels strange-" his hand lands on the boys shoulder gently, "But I want you to know that you can come talk to me about it. I'll answer whatever questions you have-"
"You wanted a kiss, I gave you one." The boy gets on his toes, reaching in for a kiss but he steps back. "Go shower, you do smell like ass."
"We must have-" he looks at Dean's hands and for a moment they look dirty- before he blinks. They're clean. "Think I'm still drunk-" he chugs his coffee too.
Ash somewhat sits on the front bumper of the vehicle, "You dig brunettes right?" and Dean nods, not getting his point. "Blue eyes?"
"You told me to let Bobby take over, so I went to him instead-" he looks away briefly. "He gives me one of those uh, stool softener pills every other day-" and his arm is smacked gently, "The fuck you do that for-" he curses because the smack comes out of nowhere.
He stood there alone for a minute. He knew he was selfish but he couldn't see the big deal. When he emerged, Castiel wasn't anywhere to be found.
Dean swallows his own arousal so that he can stay in character, "Oh yea?" his voice is hard. "You think I would've let some nerd like you fuck me?" his fingers run through the dark hair before tugging. "I would've never looked at you like that, Cas-" his voice is teasing, "I would've kicked your fucking ass if it even looked like you wanted me-"
Castiel chugs his soda down in one long gulp before leaning back to relax. "Long day at work, but I'm glad I get to come home to you." he finally looks over at the teen, scooting closer. "Are you okay?" his eyes are searching his young face for answers.
Dean swallows, it's too close for comfort but he doesn't mind, "Sorry, I was dreaming about my dad-I think." he uncomfortably wraps an arm around the younger boy. "Go back to sleep, m'fine now." Jack nods before drifting off to dream land once again. This time they both sleep well into morning.
Dean looks down shyly again, feeling flushed all over and trying to hide it. "Cas, um-" peeks up through his lashes. "I think we set a record-" he's referring to how much sex they've been having lately.
"I want to marry you-" Castiel reassures him softly, wishing he never said those things on the porch earlier. "I'm sorry for what I said."
They're now under the covers and ready to sleep when there's a large hand reaching for his crotch that is slapped away almost instantly. "I'm too tired to do anything-" he hauls himself up from the bed because his stomach won't stop growling. "Can't sleep, I'm hungry-" the mechanic mumbles something he doesn't quite catch but it's not like it mattered to him anyway.
Dean stands up, "Or you can come inside?" he gestures behind him. "Cas will freak but-" he whispers, "I know you don't have cooties." Jack looks around nervously, it wouldn't be a big deal but with everything going on lately, they're not supposed to hang out too close. "Lemme go inside, I'll open my window." he winks.
Dean helps her stand up and wraps an arm around her when she leans into him for comfort. "Shh, it's okay-"
Dean ends up getting home late from school on a Thursday night and is surprised to find the house empty. A quick glance at his phone lets him know the time, almost eight in the evening and that little fact alone is unusual.
Dean smiles sweetly and then covers his face with the blanket to signal that their moment is over and that's when Bobby calls them into the kitchen for something to eat. The teen finishes his food first, then goes outside to kill the day but not before slipping into his jacket and boots. Bobby and Castiel remain at the table a while longer, simply chatting like old friends.
Dean ignores the comment and eats his food, blushing the entire time. After he's finished his breakfast, they had decided on going on a walk through the woods right by their cabin like they did last time with Bobby. Though this time, Castiel hopes it will be a romantic stroll through the trees, clearly desperate to get things back the way they were before Meg's visit.
"I thought I saw a woman over there." Castiel stands up, taking a few steps towards the lake and Dean follows him- clutching onto his arm for dear life. "She was dirty- and wet-" Suddenly Castiel screams in his face, "Ahhh!!!! Gotcha!"
"What the hell is that?" Dean squints, taking a final drag of the cigarette then stomping it out with his boot.
"We're all done here-" the dentist comments right before all the noises and drilling sounds die down. "You did good-" the man lies to him with a pat on the shoulder before exiting the room and everyone knows it was a lie. Next the assistants leave and now Derek and Dean are all alone in the room.
Dean rolls over to face him, his face soft with care and understanding but it doesn't last long - he smiles like he wants to laugh. "Dude, you're hot as hell. Stop feeling sorry for yourself."
Dean gives him a once over, "How gay can you get-" his eyes focus on the fanny pack that was around his step fathers waist. "Where the hell did you even get that thing-" he covers his mouth, following the man into the woods.
His eyes fly open when a car door slams shut, It was Dean getting dropped off by what he assumes is Sam and his mother. Dean runs up to him eagerly with his backpack bouncing heavily up and down on his back.
Castiel nods, smiling softly though he can still tell his comments have upset him. "You better go home before Bobby gets worried-" and Dean knows he's being told to go back home for his own good, but he feels like Castiel is turning him away. Castiel kisses him on the lips gently a few times, "Go baby, I'll check in with you before I go to the hospital."
Castiel gets up from the table to get started on the dishes and his mind goes straight to the gutter in no time. Sure he's badly hurt but the desire for sexual contact is always present because he's younger than John and can still fuck like he's twenty. The longing to be twenty year old college student again so he could redo his entire life is too real sometimes, because the rest of his life will most likely be spent
"I always miss you-" Dean admits, snuggling into the older mans chest. After a moment he confesses, "Cas-" Castiel nods, listening. "-do you think I have abandonment issues?"
Unfortunately Castiel was still there and heard the two teenagers arguing out back, even if he couldn't hear what they were going on about he felt that his presence would make things worse. So he excuses himself from tonight's delicious dinner and once he's gone, Bobby goes outside to tear the two teens apart before things get any uglier. The last thing he wants to do is have to talk to this boys mother or father and explain things away.
Dean nods sadly, "Yea- he tried it once but he couldn't-" he clears his throat. "-didn't fit." Castiel wipes a stray tear from Dean's face. "But you, he really-"
He shoots a few more cans and something across the dirt road catches his eye. The same dark shadow he swore he saw last time- it's back. "Hey!" he shouts, his feet are frozen to the ground. He doesn't want to go after it, instead he lifts the rifle- and shoots. Who cares, it's a shadow. As soon as he shoots, the shadow is gone and hes wondering if he even saw it in the first place.
"I can't do this anymore!" he yells, kicking the door like he used to when he was eight years old. "I'm not okay..."
Dean sits down then, "Why didn't you just say that-" the look he's given has him kind of understanding his reasons. "You thought I'd steal the damn thing?" another
The rain hitting the roof while they fucked made the evening seem a whole lot more romantic and meaningful than it had been, Castiel must have moaned into the musky room for hours as John pulled him apart, broke him down and put him back together again in the span of a few hours.
The boy took the phone and looked at it, suddenly a twinge of sadness overtaking him. " What about...the others. "
Small but sharp teeth sink into his thick neck yet again, deeper this time and he's instantly hard in his jeans. A small groan escapes him. "Agh-"
Dean grunts again painfully before being allowed to fall on the floor, on his knees. "Agh-" a large hand is roughly gripping the back of his head, pulling backwards so that his eyes can meet blue. "You're hurting me-" his eyes sting with tears because he's afraid of the guy, regretting ever taking his
"Yeah." Castiel confirms, "Why don't we go play one of those video games. Maybe show me how to play?"
Dean quickly takes the gift with him to his room and places it on the bed like it might come to life and bite him. After a getting himself
"My dad is stupid, you're probably an awesome boyfriend-" Dean looks up at him with this cute needy look on his face "I wish we could be boyfriends."
The teen makes obnoxious gagging sounds when his stepfather tightens the tie around his neck. The man rolls his eyes and they spend a quick few minutes standing in the dressing room, just eye fucking each other in their suits.
The day was chilly and the breeze was ice cold when it hit their faces so they held hands as they walked side by side. "This is nice too-" Castiel sighs, bumping shoulders with the teen playfully. The look he's given in return is absolutely priceless, the pure adoration and trust emitting from those eyes is intoxicating. "You're beautiful, you know that. Don't you?"
"I feel bad-" Dean admits, wiping his runny nose with the sleeve of his fathers jacket that he won't be using anymore thanks to this man. Castiel feels his forehead, "Not that kind of bad-"
Castiel swallows, catching his breath. "What was that-" he says finally. John shrugs, pulling out a cigarette from the nearly empty carton that was stashed away in his pants pocket. "I don't think I can drive-" he admits.
Dean kisses the mans cheek once more, it's how he says thank you and he doesn't know why the older man likes it. Maybe it's to make him feel less than, since the guy could just ask for a regular kiss on the mouth. He gives the man another kiss on the cheek, before moving over to kiss his rough lips- when he isn't stopped, he ends up kissing the mans neck and no doubt leaving a small love bite on his skin.
Castiel runs his hand up and down his back to sooth him and the boy yawns again before falling asleep. He watches over him for a few minutes before falling asleep himself.
The teen drags his feet all the way to the car because he didn't want to go home yet and wanted to stay here longer so they can keep being a couple. The passenger side door opens for him, which he looks at hatefully.
Dean looks up at Castiel, "I heard you, before-" his hands fumble with the drawstring of his pajama pants. "-you never told me you were from Illinois, why didn't you go back home?"
On the drive back to the house, Dean's looking out the window of Bobby's truck when he speaks up. "We never did get that cake for em', you wanna surprise him with one?" Dean gives him a weak nod and a smile. Bobby and Dean never really discussed what happened, Dean confessed that he was in love with his step father and his uncle blew right passed it. He couldn't tell if he was angry, or disgusted, or cool with it. All he knew for sure was that he wasn't angry, and he knows he isn't because there isn't one bruise on his body. When he was just eight years old he had given Rufus-Bobby's dog- a piece of chocolate that had made him sick. That earned him a hard spanking. That's how he knew Bobby wasn't angry- if only he could read his thoughts. For now he's too humiliated to ask what he thinks about him and Castiel.
The day he got that phone call from Castiel himself was the day his life would change because finally Dean was coming to him.
Castiel kisses him gently because it's too hard to say no and soon things get steamy between the two of them. "Mmm-" the feeling of their denim covered erections grinding against each other feels amazing. A hand is now groping between his legs, causing him to groan. "Don't do that-" the hand keeps fondling him. "Dean, stop-" now he's impatient.
He won't admit it to Castiel, ever- but he came in less than a minute. After he wipes his hand on his thigh he types a response to Castiel.
John shoves his face into the pillow, "You'll wake him up-" Castiel feels him pressing against his hole, pushing in despite being met with resistance. "I'll be done in two minutes-" Castiel groans into the pillow, it hurt like hell to be fucked dry and raw. This guy seriously needed a lesson in prep work and in taking no for an answer.
Instantly his laughter dies, "She's pregnant-" and looks sad for his friend. "But at least I'm not-" his stepfather gives him a confused look. "I took a test too-" more confusion, with a look that looks a look like
Castiel buys it because why would he lie about things. "Tell Sam not to do that anymore-" he comes near the boy, who was now pulling out his workbook- most likely to start on the lessons he'd missed that day. He reaches for a stray pencil that had already been on the desk and hands it to him. "Dean, I want you to trust me-" and the boy simply nods and is already scribbling away on a page in his book.
"Did you give him any money?" no response. "Cas, did you give my dad money?" he hesitates before nodding, "How much?"
Dean wipes his mouth on a napkin, he's finished eating. "She's pretty cute, yea." He can tell Castiel is trying to ask something so he says it first. "I haven't slept with her in case you were wondering."
Dean nods quickly, "Yea-alright." he smiles, following her down the hallway to the waiting room where his uncle was waiting for him.
"Is it just a physical thing?" the man sure is curious about them, which he's entitled to be since they're family.
Dean's nose scrunches up, "You're really old-" and the doctor doesn't take offense to that, simply laughed- laughed even harder when the boy started counting something on his fingers.
"I'm getting investigated." Castiel admits suddenly, "Tomorrow I have to go into work for a drug test and a psych evaluation-" he shrugs. "-they think I wasn't in my right mind when I gave the boy-" he stops talking. "My colleagues believe your fathers death is affecting me, they know I knew him-"
Dean smiles, "Well hello cholesterol-" and keeps eating until his plate is cleared- he's already done by the time Bobby and Castiel sit down to their breakfast. "We got any coffee?" Bobby gets up and serves him a hot cup of the dark liquid in one of those camping mugs. "Mmm, smells good-" he blows on it to cool it down and just looks around the place- enjoying the view of the lake in the early morning fog and the sun rise that's hiding behind the dark clouds. "This is the life-" he inhales and exhales the fresh air.
He fishes inside his pocket for his cellphone to see not a single missed call or text from Castiel and it was starting to hurt. Weren't they engaged now? Shouldn't things be better than they were before? Somewhere in the back of his heart, he does hold a grudge over Castiel's because of his job that keeps him away for long periods of time.
Castiel downs his glass in one large gulp before slamming it gently on the coffee table, unaffected by the taste in the slightest. "You're almost a man, I should start treating you like one-" then they make eye contact. "That alright with you?"
Dean kept his mouth shut even though all he wanted to do was scream and kick everything in sight just like his father kicked him and his little brother around like trashcans by the curb. In some sick way he's jealous that little Sammy didn't remember any of this, because he'll always be older and always old enough to remember everything. After a warm shower, he's dressed in some new khakis and feeling no better.
who turned out to be a complete teddy bear who loved donuts. Tiny treated Dean well, treated him like a friend and he appreciated it. The guy didn't look at him like a piece of meat on a stick like some of the bigger guys seemed too. After rec time, he goes to his bunk and his mouth falls open when Castiel is in there.
Dean holds back the urge to moan, "Um-" his mind is all fuzzy and clouded suddenly but he knows there's a gun down the hall that he just saw with his own two eyes. "Fuck-" his thighs spread apart, giving the large hand that was now on his inner thigh more room to grope. "Bobby-" he moans his uncles name, "I gotta go-" another weak moan. "He's waiting-"
"Why am I going to Sam's house-" Dean mumbles, forehead pressed against the passenger side window. It was way too damn early for this, the windows hadn't even defrosted yet from the evenings chill.
Dean finds some comfort in those words, "Why?" the older mans arm wraps around him possessively, bringing him closer.
"Ah-ah-" Dean whimpers, though nothing is really being done just yet and it's done out of fear. Sitting in a dental chair always freaked him out and it's the reason why he doesn't visit the dentist as often as he really should. "Ah-"
"Don't tempt me, asshole." Dean spits out, looking away in anger. He was happy when he left and had four hundred in his pocket, but when he saw his car driving away because he was going into town to shop, he got pissed. Castiel wasn't allowed to enjoy himself, not after what he did with that witch of a bitch, Meg.
Dean smiles boyishly, nodding as if they were flirting or something. "Mhm-" he kisses the mans top lip before licking it playfully.
While making his way down the hallway, the sound of the teens faint laughter is still audible but it's a nice sound, even if was at his expense.
Castiel's gone almost all day when they see his car pull up- He and Bobby had spent the entire afternoon working on a car for a client. Castiel's got a box he assumes is the laptop under one arm, and a milkshake in his other hand when he steps out of his car-"Aww Cas." - he sees that he brought him a slice of pie from the diner as well, "Awwww Cassss. You're giving me a stiffy-"
Jo whines, "Mom please, I'm sorry I yelled-I'm just so hormonal because-" she rubs her stomach, "I'm on my period."
Dean reaches over and grabs one of the extra copies of this weeks book. He mumbles the title of the book softly to himself -
More tears fall down his cheeks, they're pink now and his lips are swollen and puffy from the crying. Castiel lifts him up and carries him to the bathroom, "I'll run you a bath, you'll feel better."
"Okay." Castiel rubs his back up and down, "Let's get you into bed-sure Bobby won't care if I sleep with you again."
Castiel doesn't come to the door so he uses his key to let himself in, "Cas?" he calls out, peeking into the living room then sneaking a peek into the kitchen as well. He wasn't there so he decides to go to the bedroom. The bedroom door was wide open and he sees his step father nude, on the bed, touching himself- somehow it feels wrong to spy on the guy, especially now that they're broken up.
"No-" she admits. "-she's actually your friend." Dean sighs in relief, the anger in his bones fades away. "But I think you are."
I still worry about what my brother might think. His older brother shacking up with the Angel who dragged me out of hell the first time.
The teen holds up his arms in fake surrender before putting everything away in either the fridge or cabinets, then they sit down for coffee and pie. Dean ends up cutting the dessert because pie is clearly his thing and serves them all subpar slices, leaving the biggest portion for himself. "Robin was my girlfriend-" he shrugs, "So I get the biggest piece-" the two adults look at him. "We got a problem here?"
Dean is looking up at him beautifully and accidentally hiccups, breaking the spell the older man found himself under. The broken spell lastly only a moment before moving in again to kiss his face but he seems to be over the whole thing and reaches for his quickly melting milkshake in the cup holder.
Dean smiles nervously, knee bouncing up and down from pure anxiousness. "Yea, sorry about that-" his eyes do a quick scan around the room for the tenth time and decides to comment on the new decor. "Nice plants-" this is solely to delay beginning what is sure to be a difficult session.
Dean tries to take the cigarette from the older man but he pulls it away, "Ah ah-" and the cigarette is placed between his lips instead. "I get to light it-" the teen nods and the man pulls out a lighter from his pocket, lighting the cigarette. "Inhale-" and he wants to roll his eyes because he knows how to fucking smoke. Unfortunately, it's been a while and inhaling makes him cough.
Dean drops his pizza slice on his paper plate, "My stomach hurts-" and makes a run for the bathroom.
He swallows, reaching over the table to hold his hand. "You weren't even close to dying okay baby?" he nods. "But yes, low potassium can cause some very frightening symptoms-"
After hanging up his new shirts in the small closet and folding up all his new pants and putting them away in the dresser drawers he lets himself fall onto his bed.
Dean suddenly startles awake in the middle of the night, his ear is throbbing and no doubt red from being pressed up against his stepfathers clothed chest. The realization that Castiel was in bed with him was rather shocking considering their less than normal situation. Fucking
met but that isn't stopping Castiel because he's always looking at the pretty teen as if for the very first time and bats his non existent eyelashes his way.
Dean nods, "Yea-" he's fucking nervous because this guy intimidates the living hell out of him. "I don't know how to-" he lies, in hopes that it will let him off easy and it does once again.
This man was like an angel that flew down from heaven to rescue him from the pit of hell he used to call home. The angel who continues to save him time and time again regardless of what happens between them.
Castiel props himself on his elbows right the on the bed, panting heavily through his mouth. His legs were shaking.
Dean looks at the laptop at the foot of the bed, "Yea-" his voice sounds faded, broken. "Fuck-" he finally sits up, giving the man a new view of all the mess on his stomach. "You made me all dirty, Cas-" the words have some humor in them, but it's meant to be flirty.
The man emerges from the bathroom a while later with wet hair sticking to his forehead and wearing the same scrubs from yesterday. Yet now he smelled nice all over and Dean thought so too, powdery fresh and fruity at the same time. They rush out the door before checkout even arrives and the hurry is all Castiel because he really just wanted to be in public, away from any temptation.
Dean's about to start his shit up again when he enters the house but his uncle cuts him off, telling him to
Castiel looks ahead at nothing as he speaks, "-he had a really bad reaction to the anesthesia I gave him. I had a hard time getting him to wake up and I-I lost him." he begins to cry, covering his eyes with his hand. "-it was my fault."
Castiel quickly devours all of the four buttered waffles and poorly made eggs. After gulping both his coffee and orange juice he sighs in enjoyment. Dean watched him the entire time, his mouth was almost open in shock but he knows how much Castiel can eat.
It's visitation day once again and Castiel is sitting in the visitation room again, completely solo. Though Dean gets the whole entourage this time with his father, brother and uncle showing up to see him. His table seems a bit overcrowded for once but he doesn't mind the extra company, what he does mind is the cold blue stare of his bunk mate.
"Yea-" Dean blushes, looking out the window and they drive away. During the drive to church he manages to peek into the backseat and sees a duffel bag. "What's that for?"
Eventually Castiel says, "Let's go brush our teeth, yeah?" after their bowls were empty. Dean nods and they go to the bathroom together, leaving the door wide open as they brush their teeth. Castiel yawns, then Dean yawns as well like it was contagious. "And you, you need to be in bed already-" He guides the tired boy to his room.
Dean coops up the buttered mush and shovels it into his mouth painfully. When he makes eye contact with Castiel he looks down at his food in embarrassment.
Dean actually gasps in surprise and quickly pushes his sleeves down to his wrist, then holds his hands behind his back like a small boy waiting in the school lunch line. "Bobby, stop-" his uncle grabs him by the face, one large hand cupping each side of his face as he tells him
"Poor thing-" Castiel pulls him close to his body and Dean allows it. "Dream that often?" he nods. "I'm sorry he hurt you-" they've never really talked about the abuse so far.
Dean smiles then and good lord it's the prettiest most sweetest thing ever. Castiel crouches down to plant one on his cheek but Dean's too quick and steals one from the older man. Planted a little wet kiss on Castiel's lips. "Thank you, goodnight." he says and climbs into bed, facing away- That's when the front door slams loudly,
Dean keeps walking, passing the train tracks and eventually makes it unto a street that's pretty empty. A car honks at him and stops, he looks at the driver- a man, he rolls down the car window. "What are you going out here all by yourself?"
"I assure you, the mind can play nasty tricks on us. Dean's suffered something traumatic- it's not easy to over come. I've seen people slap the name of evil on the mundane. It's easier to cope with a monster in the dark than realizing the thing you were afraid of is just a person."
Castiel nodded, looking up now before he heard him say " I do ...sleep around- " then his face fell again to the floor. Dean got on his knees in front of the boy and placed his hands on his waist. " Look at me, I'm going to be honest. I do enjoy sex...I have it as often as I can with- random people. But it's different with you. "
Castiel's biting his fingernails by the time they come back, "The doctor will come back in twenty minutes with the results." They wait in silence, when the doctor finally shows his face- they exhale the breath they didn't know they were holding.
Castiel gets out of bed and starts looking for jeans and a shirt to change into before they head to the doctor, "I'm sorry I took advantage-"
He was in no mood to sit in class for five hours, of course he would never admit it but even those five hours felt like an eternity in hell.
house he walks back up the road to Bobby's to start packing. He still hasn't told Dean. He's just lucky that everything happened so quick, mostly because the owner of his
"Dean?" Meg looks into his eyes but he isn't looking into hers. He's looking right through her. "Dean, I think you're having a panic attack. Stay here. I'm going to get you something to drink."
Of course he wants Dean to grow up but it doesn't mean that it will be easy to let him do so. Castiel sighs longingly before closing the bedroom door behind him.
Bobby nods, "Why don't we leave em' alone for a while?" he asks Dean, "Let's go make something to eat-" he looks at Castiel. "There's some books on the shelf if you wanna read somethin'-"
Only after getting consent does Castiel lean over and places the softest kiss on that flushed pink cheek, "Muah-" then another and another. When he pulls away, that's when he sees just how many freckles this boy has on his beautiful face. Literally, they were
It's impossible, there's no way that beautiful young boy he remembers so vividly would ever want him like that. "No you didn't-" he's getting emotional himself because even though their
thing that's too embarrassing to say and simply gestures that he'll be right back. The man nods with a wink, a fucking wink to make him feel worse about what he's thinking about doing.
"CAS!" Dean squeals, half laughing- half angry. "Shut the fuck up!" and darts to the bathroom, slamming the door. "My God!" he yells.
Getting home by vehicle took him fifteen minutes or less, depending on traffic. By foot, it took him almost an hour to get the house. As soon as he lets himself in through the door he rushes over to the bedroom so he can collapse on top of the bed. He moans at the coolness of the fresh bedspread underneath him and the fact that the ogre wasn't home was a big plus.
Dean nods, smiling. "So guess the medical thing runs in your family. The car thing runs in mine." his face falls and it looks sad now, "Family business I guess. I have an uncle whose got a car garage but I don't see him ever."
"For the car parts right?" Brady nods and Castiel reaches for his wallet- "I'll just pay you-" pulling out a few twenties. "That should cover it."
Castiel looked around. Dust, dirt and rubble everywhere...he didn't want to get his nice clothes dirty. He noticed Dean had no problem being dirty.
"I was alone. Everybody has needs, but we all don't just fuck around. God damn it Dean." Castiel shoved past him and left the bathroom.
It's been a few days with no communication between the two and Dean only returns to school for the sake of not raising any suspicion, he really doesn't want a social worker to come sniffing around the situation. It comes as a bit of a surprise, totally out of character for him when he opens his hotel room door early in the evening to see Dean standing there looking adorable but obviously drunk. He's not in the mood to deal with him like this - especially now with a mysterious respiratory illness going around work that has all hospital staff anxious.
Dean shakes his head, peeling himself away from the embrace and looks up into those blue eyes. "I'm never gonna be okay-"
"Does he touch you?" the question is asked suddenly because John is curious, wonders if maybe his boyfriend is double dipping in the Winchester household. "Does he do anything weird to you when I'm not around?"
"Mmm-" John growls, roaring to life like a bear that had been in a deep sleep. "-guess I could fuck you, you've been good to me."
When he's gone, John gets up and goes over to his son. "How you feelin'-" his large hand rubs the back of the boys neck playfully but it just looked plain weird.
Kevin smiles awkwardly because the energy feels weird and stuffy between the three of them. "I'll see you outside-" Dean says before going inside the classroom once again.
relationship with his step father- he would never disclose that information. At least not until he was of age, just a few more months. As far as she knew, Castiel was just guy who took care of him- a guy who had taken him in as his own.
John shoves the basket towards his son, "Castiel this, Castiel that-" his tone is a mocking one. "Shut up-"
Castiel takes the bag from the boys small hand and presses it to the back of his head before making eye contact, "Sit down-" and the boy obeys, sitting next to him. "We need to talk about something-" he's looking up at him expectantly, the dog is still at his side. "I need to leave,
"It's fine Bobby, I'm safe now." he smiles at his uncle, "But yea- I wish I had told you what dad was really like. I would've loved to grow up here-" they share a sad but knowing smile and finish their breakfast in comfortable silence. When they're done Bobby asks him if he'd join him for a run into town to grab a few parts for a car he's working on and Dean agrees- he misses bonding with his dear uncle.
With every word Cas let his hand slide a little closer to Dean's cock, and Dean's eyes followed its progress in the mirror, mesmerized. When Cas finally cupped him through the panties and squeezed firmly, Dean's head fell back onto Cas's shoulder and his mouth opened in a groan of pure ecstasy. "Ohhhh, Cas."
Despite the tension still hanging heavy in the air and the anger burning like a coal in his chest, Castiel managed a real smile when Jack turned on the puppy eyes and Dean promised to build a snowman with them tomorrow.
"Well, I have an assistant. And I don't usually have to deal with them until after I've had plenty of coffee."
Castiel's knees were starting to hurt, but the pain was distant and mostly drowned out by overwhelming pleasure and powerful need. He fumbled his own cock out of his pants and began absently stroking it while he continued bobbing up and down on Dean's, but coordinating the two while also trying to keep Dean's hips still with one hand proved too complicated. He pulled off and looked up at Dean. "Fuck my mouth," he commanded hoarsely.
The room had two doors with a small anteroom between them, double scent proofing. The inner door would only open if the outer door was firmly closed and vice versa, and there was an exhaust fan in the ceiling of the anteroom constantly scrubbing the air clean. Nurse Andrews gave Dean an encouraging smile before she closed the outer door between them, leaving Dean alone. He took a deep breath of sterile, scentless air and opened the second door.
"The kid's a goddamn lawyer! And an amazing one at that! Most parents would be bragging to the whole fucking nursing home about that, not pretending he didn't even exist."
He rolled onto his side and put his hand on Dean’s chest. He felt the other man’s heart speed up, but Dean just looked up at him, green eyes calm, almost drowsy. “Is this okay?” Cas asked.
Something clicked in Dean's head, and his jaw dropped. All the times Cas had said those words as he looked at Dean with soft, warm affection; all the times Dean had wished they were a different three words and that the warmth in Cas' eyes was something more than just affection. "Oh my god! Have you been as-you-wishing me this whole time?"
Dean woke up about as hard as he could get but still drowsy and comfortable enough that he didn't feel the need to do anything about it yet. For the moment he was content to bury his face in Cas's hair and just enjoy the scent of happy omega and the feeling of miles of warm, naked skin pressed against his. Cas slept on, occasionally making adorable snuffling noises into the pillow.
The school was easy walking distance from his apartment, and it was a morning ritual that Castiel had actually become quite fond of. The exercise woke him up, and he liked the feeling of her warm little hand in his, trusting and safe. They usually walked in silence, but today he said, "You really like cooking, huh?"
He pushed open the bedroom door, expecting to find her snuggled up with Missouri, refusing to close her eyes until he and Dean were home and they were all safe and together again. The sight that greeted him instead was…
She smiled and nodded an enthusiastic yes. Then, to Castiel's delight, she made the signs for 'eat' and 'please' that she'd just learned.
“Oh, yes,” Cas said. “Whenever you’re ready.” His eyes slid up and down Dean’s body in a way that made it clear he wasn’t just talking about the car.
The man’s forehead wrinkled in a puzzled frown, and Dean realized he’d been staring for a good ten seconds. “Sorry. Um. What did you say?”
"I didn't know," Castiel said. It sounded unconvincing even to his own ears. "I didn't know what he was doing until it was too … too late." He trailed off as the eyes of his brothers stared back at him, cold and unforgiving.
Dean laughed as Castiel had hoped he would, and even if it was a little weak, it dispelled some of the tension. "I assume you want the right side as usual," Dean said, already moving to deposit his wallet and phone on the nightstand to the left of the bed.
Dean wasn't sure exactly when his own orgasm had hit. The sex had been so intense from start to finish that his climax barely registered in comparison. He rolled off Cas, trembling from head to toe, and stared up at the unfamiliar ceiling.
"Ha. No. You don't get to complain about dignity right now. Falling on your ass is nowhere near as humiliating as …
"That's the worst case scenario," Eileen said, reaching out to lightly touch Castiel's hand. "It probably won't take that long, but we won't lie to you about this. We need you to be prepared for all possibilities."
take him to court now, what if someone finds out we lied about being together? That's not gonna help Cas' case any." Dean leaned his head back into the fluffy pillows and closed his eyes while focusing on his breathing, once again trying to stave off another panic attack.
Dean sat up and kicked off the blankets. No. He was not gonna lay here making himself crazy with maybes and what ifs. He was gonna take a shower, drink some coffee, and then go over to the store and talk to Cas. That was what healthy couples did. They talked about shit. It was probably nothing anyway. Cas had probably just wanted to be nice and let Dean sleep in.
Castiel felt a laugh bubbling up inside him, and he didn't even try to contain it. Dean hugged him, embarrassment forgotten as the alpha caught the scent of Castiel's joy and relief.
"Maybe there's some legal way to protect your visitation rights while we wait for the case to go to trial," Dean said between bites. "We should ask Sam about that."
"We don't have to discuss things in this order. That was just a stream of consciousness. And we don't have to cover all of it tonight. That's the advantage of the list. We can take breaks and come back to it without worrying about forgetting what we were going to discuss."
They didn't stay out late Monday night. By the time they left the theater they were both buzzing with anticipation, and one look dispelled any thoughts of stopping somewhere for dinner. They drove back to Castiel's place in silence, Dean's free hand stroking Castiel's thigh almost absentmindedly, always stopping just short of actual groping.
. Instead he said, "I'm going to need a few days off. F-family emergency. Will you …" He hated to ask her to fight his battles. He already demanded too much of her.
It was getting easier to breathe again, but he kept acting like he couldn't. If she thought he was no threat, maybe he could move fast enough to get that blade away from her.
"Wow," Cas said, tearing his eyes away from Dean long enough to take in the piles of clothes, books, and other miscellaneous possessions covering the floor and the bed. "It looks like —"
He didn't really. It was gaudy and attention grabbing. He would have preferred something plain, something that would blend into a crowd, but the sooner he picked five shirts and three pairs of pants, the sooner they could go home. He didn't like this place with its echoing ceilings that amplified every little sound and towering shelves that blocked lines of sight, making it much too easy for someone to sneak up on them. He didn't much like the people either with their strange scents and their staring eyes.
After Dean finished explaining, he concentrated on taking calming breaths while Benny turned it all over in his head. Benny never spoke without thinking, and Dean could be patient waiting for his advice. "Well, you certainly got yourself a pickle there, cher," Benny said finally. "Have you considered talking to Sam? Doesn't he specialize in this kind of thing?"
Castiel immediately felt himself getting defensive again. "She had to switch schools in the middle of the year while simultaneously adjusting to a new home and dealing with the trauma of losing her father. As long as she's not actually flunking, her academic performance is not my highest priority right now."
"Oh. Right." Dean didn't relax. If anything he looked even more tense. "Thing is, Cas, um … You know how you said you couldn't have a casual relationship?"
"You didn't do anything wrong," Castiel hastily assured him for the second time that night, "and I'm not changing my mind. I just don't want these lovely ropes to get lost or damaged before we even have a chance to use them." He sat up and pulled the length of rope he'd been lying on out from under him. "Let's put these somewhere safe before we get any more carried away, okay?"
"Darling, don't make the man blush," her husband said while his eyes raked over Castiel from head to toe, his smile predatory. "If you ever get tired of the hustle and bustle of the restaurant business, Castiel, we'd love you to come work for us. It's so hard to find a good live in chef these days. Unless you don't mind eating Mexican every night."
Cas gave his address with only the slightest hesitation, and Dean nodded and said he knew how to get there. As they pulled out onto the road, Cas glanced at the dashboard clock and discovered that barely fifteen minutes had passed since Bartholomew ditched him. It felt more like fifteen years.
And okay, so Bobby whispered in his ear while clapping him on the back just a little too hard, "I have guns and I'm married to the sheriff. Keep it in mind." But once that fatherly duty was dispensed with, he was as welcoming as everyone else. He showed Cas his vegetable garden, and they spent almost half an hour discussing soil acidity, planting seasons, and methods of keeping the deer and squirrels away.
Castiel's inner omega had practically howled in anguish when the alpha said that, but his higher reasoning conceded that Dean had a point. They weren't mated (
"A little after midnight. Did you have trouble getting her to sleep? I'm sorry. I should have told you it was all right to call me if she was scared."
Castiel instantly hated himself. He reached out and touched Dean's cheek. "Dean, I'm not breaking up with you."
He wasn’t worried when he first woke up alone in Cas’s bed. The clock said 7:24 a.m., and he knew it was a Saturday which meant that once Grace and Claire had been fed, Cas would bring Dean coffee in bed and they would cuddle for a while, then have slow, lazy morning sex before showering together and finally getting ready to start the day. It had become a tradition. So Dean just rolled over into the warm space Cas had left behind, breathed in the faint, earthy garden scent that always clung to Cas even when he’d just showered, and dozed off again.
"This is my niece Claire," Castiel said, answering Anna but addressing everyone. "She's going to be hanging out here tonight." He wondered if he should mention the mute thing, then decided that they would either figure it out or assume she was just shy.
Castiel turned in circles, scanning the familiar little room and trying frantically to remember if he was missing something important. They wouldn't have much need for clothes, but he had grabbed some sweatpants and t-shirts just in case they got cold, and he had their toothbrushes and Dean's preferred shampoo and of course several boxes of condoms. He really wished they could do this here in their own bed, but the lack of a scent proof door or a private bathroom made that impossible, not with another alpha and two other omegas around. Luckily the bunker had a heat and rut suite, and Dean and Sam had taken the time to clean it up and update some of the amenities when they moved in.
"Don't get used to it," the omega warned before turning face down again, exposing his vulnerable neck to the alpha.
"Yeah, of course I do, but it's like you said last night. Getting interrupted at the wrong moment can be dangerous, and kids… well, they're basically walking, talking interruptions. What if he has a bad dream? What if he suddenly starts puking? You should never be put in a position where you have to choose between taking care of your sub or taking care of your child."
"Not until after you've eaten," Castiel replied firmly. When Dean tensed a little beside him (almost imperceptible except to someone who was as attuned to Dean as Castiel was), Castiel paused in pulling up the restaurant's website and turned his full attention to his sub again. "I'm not avoiding it, Dean. I promise we'll talk about everything soon, but first I need to make sure you're not in imminent danger of dropping. And I'm hungry too."
“They do, but I don’t think they recognize that it’s supposed to look like a bee. They’re just attracted to bright colors.”
. Three simple words, and also not simple at all. He wished Cas could still read his mind so he wouldn't have to say it, but if this was the only way, then he would do it. For Cas he would do it. "Cas, I —"
If that woman's words were still ringing in his ears, it must be a hundred times worse for Claire who had never experienced anything like that before. Castiel moved quickly to Claire's bedroom trying to keep a grip on his rising panic.
For once Castiel got the reference. Dean had been making him watch lots of classic movies lately, or at least movies that Dean deemed classics. But it wasn't the smile or the joke that swayed him. Ultimately it was the certain knowledge that if people were in danger Dean would not sit quietly at home no matter what he had told Charlie. He would hunt this thing down on his own if he had to, and he would kill it or die trying. And the thought of Dean walking out that door and never coming back scared Castiel more than anything else in the world.
He desperately wanted to call it that. Sometimes he was almost sure he saw love in Dean’s eyes, felt it in his worshipful touch and his hungry kisses, but Dean had yet to say it out loud, and Cas couldn’t bring himself to say it first. He’d done that once before, and there was nothing worse than making that leap and finding no one there to catch you.
Dean laughed. "Well, aren't you just Mr. Demanding tonight. How do you want to do this? Missionary or cowboy?" They never did it doggy style. They both preferred to be able to see each other.
"She's already started improvising her own sign language, so we're not even giving her a new tool, just honing the one she's been using and making it as reliable as possible for her. The more confidence she has in her ability to communicate her needs, the safer she will feel." Dr. Bradbury's gaze was kind and reassuring. "Don't think of this as labeling her a lost cause, Castiel. Think of it as making sure she can live a full, happy life no matter what the future brings. Besides sign language is a valuable skill for anyone to have."
"I'm all right, alpha," Castiel said, relaxing into Dean's chest, a little ashamed of his panic now. "I just couldn't remember where I was for a moment. And you're right, I think the drugs are wearing off." His wrist was throbbing in time with his heartbeat, and he could feel a headache starting behind his eyes. There were some new bruises on top of the almost healed ones too. Basically everything hurt. Again.
With every word out of Castiel's mouth Dean seemed to become more amused, and finally it bubbled out in a surprised, delighted laugh. "Oh, you … you gorgeous, unbelievable idiot," he gasped between fits of laughter. "You seriously think I'm straight?"
He planted a kiss on Castiel's forehead, and Castiel leaned into his chest, allowing himself one more moment of selfish indulgence.
, and …” Dean chuckled. “Man, I did not know what I was getting myself into, but damned if I didn’t love every weird, morbid, confusing bit of it.”
. The transition was remarkably smooth, and much as he hated to give Naomi credit, Castiel had to admit that having Dean and Anna overlap for a few weeks had been a good idea. Now Dean knew the menu back to front and was comfortable enough with the kitchen and the staff to wear his new authority with confidence. The only remaining problem was Castiel's unabating attraction to his handsome new assistant.
Sam followed Charlie down the steps to the war room, looking tired but not like he was about to collapse, and Dean breathed a mental and literal sigh of relief. Driving into town to pick Charlie up from the bus stop had been Sam's first solo excursion out of the bunker since the Trials, and Dean had spent the whole time alternating between worrying about his brother and about his car. (Well, almost the whole time. Cas had successfully distracted him for about half an hour.)
Castiel noticed that they were headed in the opposite direction of the bunker. "Where are we going?" he asked.
To Castiel's disgruntlement, it proved increasingly difficult to dislike Dean as the night wore on. Anna was right. He could cook. Castiel purposely (and a little spitefully) assigned him the most difficult items on the menu, but Dean rose to the challenge without breaking a sweat. He easily kept up with the fast pace of the kitchen while still finding the breath to crack jokes and banter playfully with the cooks and waiters. He even had shy, nervous Alfie laughing. In fact, if Castiel could find anything to object to, it was that his staff clearly liked Dean better than they had ever liked Castiel himself, and he sincerely hoped he wasn't childish enough to resent the man just for that.
Dean gently took the pad from Castiel's hands and read down the list. "You forgot to put where we'll be buried and who'll speak at our funerals," he said dryly, but Castiel had seen his finger pause at the line that said
Cas's brain was still scrambling to catch up and make sense of the turn the conversation had taken, but his heart understood perfectly what was going on, and when Dean pulled a little white leather box out of his pocket, it started beating double time. Dean flipped open the box to reveal a band of polished turquoise. There were words etched into it, and the grooves of the letters had been filled with silver. The dancing, flowing lines shimmered like moonlight on water, and what they said was this:
"Your preference?" Castiel asked, doing his best to ignore the way his cock literally ached to be inside Dean right
The bitter sadness and disappointment in his scent made Castiel's inner omega whine pitifully, and he didn't even try to resist the instinct to pull the alpha into his arms, guiding Dean's nose to his scent gland on the same side as the claiming bite.
Silence settled over them again, and it was significantly less awkward this time, but Cas didn't want to let it go on too long in case Dean decided it was time to go. "So what do you do?" he asked.
For presumably the same reasons, her office resembled a preschool classroom. Toys, games, a child height table with arts and crafts supplies, but no desk, nothing to divide her from the patient and make them feel judged.
“No. Just a small panic attack.” Thankfully. A different kind of attack could have forced him to go back to the hotel, and he would have expended all that effort standing up to Michael for nothing. Not that anything he’d said had made a difference. No, it was Nick’s blackmail that had gotten them through the door which would only reinforce the family’s belief that Nick and Cas were the same — black sheep, rebels, sinners.
"Dean?" Cas' voice came out of the darkness, sounding much closer than Dean had expected. In the dark room his mind had turned the few inches between them into a gaping chasm. "Can you…"
Behind Cas, Dean snorted and said, “Plus you’re both geeks. Figures you’d do the same geeky things.” But he said it affectionately.
"Hold that thought," Castiel said, pulling his fingers out of Dean and wiping them clean on Hannah's duvet. (Fortunately, there was nothing other than slick on them.) Mirroring Dean's actions earlier, he climbed off the bed, went over to Dean's suitcase, and took out the shortest length of rope.
"Cas," Dean said when it seemed like Cas was paying attention again, "I know it's hard to see it right now, but being human has its up sides, and sex? Sex is definitely one of the perks. Plus, the people here are professionals. They'll know how to make it good for you. They won't hurt you."
." Dean took Castiel's face between his hands and looked him in the eye. "I'm not going anywhere," he said, enunciating each word clearly. "That's kind of what I want to talk to you about. I want to make sure that … that you're not going anywhere either." His voice faltered and a sharp tang of fear cut through his calm, reassuring scent.
Castiel's brain came back online enough to prompt him to close the door, but when he glanced over and saw the things laid out on the bed, his cognitive abilities stuttered to a halt once more.
"Yes. But …" This part was always hard no matter how many times he did it. Even with Principal Mills' assurance that Dr. Bradbury would be open minded, it still scared him a little, saying the words to someone new, but he took a breath and added, "There's also my boyfriend." Because no matter how short a time they'd been together, and no matter what certain people might have to say about two gay men raising a child together, he and Dean
Dean watched as Cas fluffed, shook, and lay his feathers flat several times in brief succession, presumably getting them comfortably into order, before looking over his shoulder to slowly lower his wings to the bed, half folded beside him. He was always careful these days, after accidental collisions with his wing-wrists had given Dean a bloody nose, twice.
“Shh, stop.” Cas levered a blue-fleece clad arm up behind his back and pressed a finger to Dean’s lips. Dean rolled his eyes and squeezed his thighs around Cas’s butt, giving him a soft kick to the thigh for good measure. Drug smugglers, sheesh. Knowing Cas’s propensity to lose his powers at the least opportune times, he was lucky he’d gotten out of that without bullet wounds. Dean returned to the task at hand, smoothing the wetted rag down each of the flight feathers.
Dean pulled Cas’s arm around his front, nestling against his heartbeat, and agreed. And that night and many more, they spent in sea spray riding atop a - now pleasantly fat - North Atlantic right whale.
“Wow,” Dean said, smiling, He was nearly done, wiping the last of the oil on the sparse coverts and massaging it into the skin of the wings.
“Damn,” Dean commented. He knew what it meant for Cas to give away one of his feathers - not to mention five. An angel’s feather out in the world was a dangerous thing; should it land in the wrong hands, it could be used in any number of nefarious spells. But he did not comment further, wanting to hear more. Dean reached for his canteen of water - working that entire eighteen-foot wingspan could make one sweat, even in the chilly bunker air!
Cas lay down, knees bent up and back propped on a few pillows heaped against the headboard, slipping wireless earphones into his ears and scrolling through the podcast downloads on his phone. Sam had introduced Cas to podcasts a month ago, and while Cas hadn’t shared his enthusiasm for true crime, he’d gone down the rabbit hole of everything from paleontology to astronomy to human-wildlife disease ecology. Amazing how much humans had come to understand since he last visited during the early twentieth century, he’d say.
“Ok, fine.” Dean shook his head, but acquiesced, and returned to gently kneading the flesh of Cas’s wings with the damp cloth.
“I know what a Greyhound is, Cas. Why would you do that? They’re all… germy, and probably full of creeps. Look, I didn’t grow up with much, but we always had the Impala, or else we hotwired something. Wait, didn’t you have that pickup back then?”
“Alright, lie down, big guy” Dean finally smiled, breaking the hug and moving to the side. Cas lay down, prone, and shrugged, edges of the snuggie falling away from his back. He furrowed his brow in concentration, and with a loud fwup fwup, like a flag snapping in the wind, two dark wings manifested from thin air with a smell of earthy forest after cool autumn rain. After years of this routine, the novelty had worn away, but Dean felt that he found more beauty in Cas’s natural form each time they did this. The broad, bird-like wings arched half-extended over Cas’s back, nine feet each when fully spread.
“Dean, want to meet her tonight? I may not be able to fly us to the Atlantic, but I can still take us into her dreams,” Cas offered brightly.
Reaching for a drawer by the bedside table, Dean retrieved a spray bottle of water, a fresh rag, and a little corked glass flask of holy oil. He moved to straddle Cas’s bare butt, placing the objects on Cas’s back.
“You said the Tree of Life was in Syria. How did you get there? You couldn’t fly, Jack was in the other universe, and you sure as hell couldn’t get past the fucking TSA with just our fake IDs. I know you’d have done everything to save Jack, to bring your-, our son home. I know you thought it was the only way to defeat Lucifer and Michael. Cas, you- You didn’t do anything stupid, did you? You didn’t-” Dean choked a bit on the words, and paused for breath.
“Hey!” Cas grumbled sharply, at the feeling of the cold water bottle, voice half muffled by the pillow. Dean pushed everything onto the bed, chuckling.
Cas was beginning to get overly excited, as he tended to do when talking about the past. He’d pushed up onto his elbows, and his gesticulating wings flapped dangerously close to Dean’s face. Dean gently pushed him back down onto the mattress with an oily palm and maneuvered his arms back into a resting position at his sides.
“Um, sure. I directed the captain to sail in the direction of the sound, and as we neared the source, it became apparent: a gillnet had entangled a large whale. I dove into the water to take a look - the captain objected, as it was nearing dawn, but he couldn’t stop me. When I entered the water, I saw a female North Atlantic right whale with her calf. The mother was hopelessly wrapped in netting, though the calf was swimming free. They were both calling out in distress. When I returned to the surface, it was quite bright and the sun was just over the horizon. The captain’s return vessel had arrived, but he couldn’t leave me in American waters with the boat. He told me the punishment would be severe if Pablo found that one of his boats had been captured by the American government.”
“It took a lot out of me, feeding a nursing fifty-ton whale. I think I was almost passed out for most of the journey - she had to be very careful not to dislodge me from her back.”
“I’d use all the grace I could to heal her wounds and provide her with calories, leaving only enough to keep myself dry and warm. She’d carry me to Syria as long as I supplied her with enough energy for herself and her calf.”
Dean picked at the fraying waistband of his boxer shorts, where threadbare cotton had worn away, revealing white elastic within. He took another deep breath, figuring it was best to get to the point. Nothing was worse than Cas hiding another secret while Dean stayed silent. After he and Sam had come to their senses in fake-heaven with Jack’s help and broken out of Chuck’s Stepford paradise, they had journeyed to the Empty to save Cas. But in the time before that reunion, Dean had realized that nothing in this world could be worse than the overwhelming guilt he’d felt. He had lived with Cas, fought with him and even told him he was dead to him, never knowing that Cas’s death sentence had been hanging on him like a shadow the entire time. That was, of course, until the awful moment when Cas said those horrible, beautiful words and Dean had been too stunned to respond.
“Anyway, one of Pablo’s best captains was waiting at the boat. His task was to secret me beyond American waters, after which he’d board another returning boat and I’d continue on alone toward the Levant. When we’d nearly reached international waters, I heard the strange sound. It grew louder, and I could tell that it was a horrible cry of pain, one of the worst things I’d ever heard.”
“As I was saying, I boarded a Greyhound to Georgia, where I had rented the services of a minor Central American drug smuggling-”
“Cas,” Dean said, as Cas climbed into bed beside him. As per his usual evening routine, Cas had taken off his usual trench-coated uniform and was wearing only an open-backed blue snuggie. The bunker’s underground location kept their bedroom in the cool mid-sixties even amid the hottest months of summer, and Cas, preferring to conserve his power while at rest, had been drawn in by the idea when he stumbled upon a snuggie commercial in one of Dean’s old VCR tapes. He’d decided against buying one (polyester fabric was a major source of microplastic fiber contamination of the environment, he’d objected) and had instead commissioned one made of the softest ethically-sourced wool he could find. On the other hand, Dean ran hot, especially when spooning a snuggie-clad angel, so he went to bed in boxer shorts alone.
"It's all right, omega," Dean murmured. "I got you." He entered Cas in one smooth thrust, making sure to tag his prostate on the way in and give him a jolt of pleasure to distract from the pain.
Cas looked up when Dean put a plate with a turkey sandwich in front of him. He blinked, coming back from wherever he had gone in his head, and said softly, "Thank you, Dean."
"Claire also doesn't seem to be making friends. Again, expected and understandable," Ms. Mills hurried on before he could bring up the mute issue. "But plummeting grades, lack of socialization, and now violent outbursts? That's a very worrying combination regardless of if today's incident was unprovoked or not. In fact, if Alex did attack Claire first, that is even more worrying. I'm sure I don't have to tell you what kind of toll bullying takes on a child's emotional health."
' summarizing the agreement they had come to. "And I think the same arrangement can be applied to threesomes. Obviously we would only do that if we're both in the mood, so if the mating bond makes it unpleasant for you to watch another alpha fuck me, then we'll take a break from those kinds of scenes and we'll play just the two of us until your hormones have settled down. And if you never want to do that again, I'm okay with that."
And just like that the tension was gone again, and they dug into their food. Dean made some very appreciative noises that had Castiel's jeans feeling just a little too tight. He retaliated with a few happy moans of his own, and then they looked at each other and giggled like children.
Dean frowned. “Why would I break up with you? Because of last night? I told you, I don’t scare that easy.”
"Then I met another girl. Ruby. She was the complete opposite of Jess, and calling it a romantic relationship would be way too generous. She was a dealer, and she liked me enough to let me pay with sex instead of money. I was running out of money by then. After a while she started using me for other things too. I would, um … encourage people to pay their debts. I didn't enjoy it. I had to get high to do it, and even then it made me sick, but it was that or Ruby would cut me off, and I was an addict. Getting cut off from my supply was the worst thing I could imagine.
"No, you don't," he said quietly, still compulsively rubbing his leg. He really wished Dean was sitting next to him right now. He closed his eyes and imagined Dean taking his hand, squeezing it tight, and giving him a warm, one-hundred-percent-genuine-Dean smile. No charm, just love. He opened his eyes, feeling at least somewhat grounded again. "What do you recommend I do? Get her professional help?"
Castiel approached the bed as if in a dream and picked up a rope about as long as his arm. It flowed smoothly through his fingers. Real silk, soft and supple. These must have cost a pretty penny, but he wasn't about to comment on that. He was sure Dean had bought them hoping they would please Castiel, but all Castiel could think was that these were the only ropes he'd ever seen that were worthy to bind a sub as lovely and good as Dean.
It was the first time he had spoken his twin's name aloud since the accident, and it didn't hurt as much as he'd expected. It was a relief to find that he could allow himself to remember without risking his sanity.
He was wearing only boxers, a t-shirt, and his bumblebee rain boots, so he’d probably been there since he got up to feed the animals at seven. Grace was sitting next to him, her head in his lap, and Claire was curled up on his other side, both of them obviously concerned. Grace gave Dean a pleading look and whined.
His brain stuttered to a stop as he caught a flash of something red and… lacey under the waistband of Dean's jeans right before the other man leaned forward, hiding the tantalizing glimpse from view.
Principal Adler would be pissed if they set off the smoke alarm. There were still five minutes left on the timer though, and the cookies looked just fine, but Dean stayed in the kitchen, peering through the oven door at the perfectly unburnt cookies. So maybe he was hiding.
"God, I will never get over how gorgeous you are," Castiel breathed. "You're the most beautiful man I've ever seen. I can't believe I'm lucky enough to … Are you blushing?"
Castiel had to forcefully remind himself that the warmth in Dean's eyes was gratitude and platonic affection, not romantic love. "Guess I'm special," he said in a weak attempt at deflection.
Dean swore his heart actually skipped a beat. While he would have happily bottomed for Cas for the rest of his life, he couldn't deny that the idea of being buried deep inside that lithe, muscular body, feeling Cas clench around him, hearing him moan when Dean hit the sweet spot, was very,
"It's all right," Cas said. "She seems to think you need her more than I do right now, and I agree."
"They can be a little overwhelming the first time," she said, nodding towards the kitchen where it sounded like every member of the extended Singer-Winchester-Bradbury clan was talking at once.
Cas perched on the one free corner of the bed and watched the brotherly bickering with an amused/contented smile on his face.
It took a good ten minutes for Cas to calm down, and Dean kept a wary eye on the clock. The nurse had warned him that the nasal spray was only effective for half an hour, forty minutes at the outside. Then Cas's pheromones would start to affect Dean. The mask might or might not neutralize the worst of it. Those things were only guaranteed about seventy percent effective, and Cas's heat was abnormally intense, probably a side effect of his angel mojo blocking the natural cycle for so long (although of course the doctors didn't know about that, so they were chalking it up to a hormone imbalance which was a fancy way of saying "we got nothing").
"Cas?" Dean said, scooting his chair a little closer so he could rest a hand comfortably and comfortingly on Castiel's back. "Are
"No." Castiel pushed himself up on his arm and looked at Dean. There was that animal wariness again. He really didn't like that look. He wanted to know who had taught Dean to be so scared of conflict, and then he wanted to give that person a punch in the face. "It's okay. I'm not mad at you," he said, stroking Dean's cheek and immediately feeling the other man relax again. "In fact I'm glad you brought it up because it's a conversation we probably should have had before this, but better late than never. Dean, I can …"
Hope and lust and shy delight mingled in Cas's scent. "Really, alpha?" he said, winding his arms around Dean's neck.
Dean smiled and bent to kiss him again, but he pulled back just before their lips touched. "That wasn't a wish. You don't … you don't have to."
Castiel cut him off with a hard kiss. "I know that," he mumbled against Dean's lips. "Now stop being such a gentleman and get that gorgeous cock of yours inside me."
"By the time Jack was four months old, it became clear that I was going to flunk out of college. I couldn't keep up with my classes while caring for a newborn and working to keep a roof over our heads. And with no degree, I was going to be very limited in the jobs I could find. I wanted to give my son a good life. I wanted to buy us a house someday with a yard for him to play in. That's when my brother offered me a solution. He and his mate would care for Jack until I was more financially stable. He said it would be simpler for everyone if he had legal custody in the meantime, but he promised it was only temporary. As soon as I was ready, Jack would be mine again."
Cas arched an eyebrow. "Is that so? Well, it just so happens that I have one for you as well." He stroked Dean's cheek with the back of his hand, then lightly chucked him under the chin with a wink.
"Okay. One strawberry milkshake coming right up. On the house," Doris added with a stern look at Castiel.
She looked nervously over at Dean and Castiel, gave a shy wave, and then promptly hid her face against Aaron's jeans.
"Yes, but these past few days it seems to be mostly going one way. You've been so good to me, and I —"
As soon as he felt Dean start to tense up around him, winding tight with his building climax, Castiel stopped and pulled out. Dean gave a frustrated whine, but didn't complain when he realized he wasn't going to get to come yet. "Color?" Castiel asked breathlessly.
He'd been thinking about it for weeks, and that awful woman's words had finally clinched it. He had promised Claire that no one would take her away, but… what if something happened to him? Jimmy had been young and healthy one day and gone the next. If there was another accident or if Castiel got sick, Dean would have no legal rights to Claire. She would be at the mercy of the foster system even though she still had a perfectly good parent in Dean. She would be ripped away from everything familiar
"I didn't want you to think that I was punishing you, Dean," Cas said, lifting his head to look at Dean in the soft, flickering candlelight. "You did nothing wrong. Your affection for Charlie does not change or diminish what you feel for me any more than my friendship with Sam affects my feelings for you. There are many kinds of love."
"Dean likes princess movies and he's a growed up alpha. Does that mean it's okay if I like 'em too? Even when I'm all growed up?"
"The gypsy life," Castiel muttered under his breath. But Dean had told him about that, and he'd said he was tired of it. He'd said this thing between them was serious. "If you think he has commitment issues," Castiel said louder, "why did you agree to hire him permanently?"
"No," Castiel said quickly. Then he realized that that wasn't completely true. "Well, not exactly. It's … It's not you. It's Naomi."
Calloused fingertips skimmed gently over the scars, and something sad crossed Dean's face for a moment, but it wasn't pity, and when he kissed Castiel, he didn't do it carefully as though Castiel was fragile and needed Dean's protection. He kissed him like an equal, like a lover, giving and taking at the same time.
Even if he moved to a neighborhood closer to Saint Bart's, he couldn't afford their tuition fees. He was saving up to buy a house of his own, but it would never be this big, and he was sure that whatever Jack found waiting under the Christmas tree tomorrow from Michael and Hannah would far outshine the simple little paint set that Castiel had bought for him.
The restaurant Castiel had chosen was another of his first date standbys. It had a casual, homey atmosphere that put people at ease, but it could still be considered nice, and the food was amazing even by his exacting standards.
When he had regained a little muscle control, Dean carefully rolled them both onto their sides, keeping Cas pressed tight against his chest so the movement wouldn't cause too much discomfort where they were still joined. He nuzzled Cas's neck and scented only happy, satisfied omega, no undertone of pain or distress. His inner alpha purred smugly.
claiming bite… Well, those definitely weren't boner killing thoughts. In fact, his dick was waking up again just when he'd almost convinced it that it wasn't getting any action tonight.
Dean shrugged one shoulder, the movement making him look even more like a big cat. "I just love you."
It only took a dozen or so strokes before Dean was gasping and groaning into Castiel's mouth as he came too, which made Castiel feel better about his own quick orgasm.
?!" Dean's scent spiked sharply with alarm, and Charlie took an involuntary step back, obviously resisting her inner omega's desire to cower. An alpha's fear and their anger smelled very similar. Dean quickly got himself under control and made a concerted effort to keep his voice calm when he said, "You've been hunting? Alone?"
"Oh, shit," Dean said, his face turning approximately the same shade of red as the silk panties that Cas was now holding up curiously. "Cas, I can explain."
"That's exactly my point, Cas. You need to get out of here before I lose control again. I don't know how much longer I can —"
“Sort of,” Gabriel said. He was leaning against the sinks, watching Dean take care of Cas with a tender and slightly envious expression on his face. “We’ll see how long it lasts. They called a truce when Dad started going downhill, but now that he’s gone, I give it a few more hours at most.”
Charlie held out her hand to Cas. "Dude, it's an honor. And thanks for all the times you saved these guys' asses cause if you hadn't,
Sam laughed harder than anyone else, but Cas suspected that the tears glittering in his eyes weren't just tears of laughter. A few other people were also dabbing surreptitiously at their eyes, including Bobby.
The fear faded from Sam's eyes, and Dean hoped he would be comforted enough to let the rest of it go. Like Grace, he hoped in vain. "Okay," Sam said as he flipped the bacon. "So what's the problem?"
She opened her filing cabinet and took out a sheaf of papers stapled together. He took them warily. It was Dean's resume. It was long, but that wasn't unusual for a chef. Restaurants came and went like mayflies.
"Dean." Castiel waited for the other man to meet his eyes before he continued. "You made her happy. And that is no small thing these days. Shut up and take the compliment."
"Shut up," Dean groaned, but he was shaking with laughter, and it made his cock move just right inside Castiel.
When they broke for air, Claire was standing in the kitchen door, watching them with the enigmatic expression that little kids did so well. Castiel jumped a little. He hadn't heard her, though that probably had less to do with her being quiet and more to do with his attention being fully occupied. He cleared his throat. "Are you ready to go?"
"It's all right," Castiel assured her. He knew what was in the package because Dean had texted him a picture and asked if it was okay to buy it for her.
It was a good thing they had gone to bed early because it was still mostly dark outside when they were woken by an excited five-year-old jumping on their bed and yelling at the top of his little lungs, "It's Christmas! It's Christmas! Wake up, Daddy! It's Christmas and there's
Now that all the necessary preparations were done, Castiel's inner omega was howling at him to go to his alpha right away, give himself over to Dean's needs just as Dean had once done for him. But instead he stood rooted to the spot, unable to make his feet move.
“What? No!” To Sam’s relief, Dean sounded more surprised than defensive. “Come on, dude. You know me better than that.”
"You weren't winning anyway," laughed another voice, but the video game music in the background stopped.
One Sunday in mid-February found Castiel sitting in a small classroom at a local community center with a dozen other parents and their children. Claire was sitting in his lap, so many strangers making her nervous and clingy, and Dean sat beside him, their shoulders brushing comfortingly. Just like with the photo album, there had been no question of excluding Dean from this.
"Oh, there were sparks." His gaze drifted down to Dean's mouth as he remembered how perfect those lips had felt on his, how utterly gorgeous they looked all pink and swollen and wet with Castiel's saliva. Alone in his bed after Dean had gone, he'd gotten himself off to the image of those lips doing things far less innocent than a little kissing. He wondered if Dean had done the same.
of books. Bobby collects them, and Jodi bitches about how much space they take up, but every Christmas and birthday she buys him more.”
"So long as that isn't a ploy to get me acquainted with your back seat," Castiel said playfully. "I'm a classy lady too. Two date minimum." He wasn't entirely joking, but he knew Dean would never push or manipulate him into doing something he wasn't ready for.
Dean nodded quickly. "Yeah. Of course, Cas. It's totally your call. You're … you're really not breaking up with me?"
Castiel had no idea what his face looked like right now, but he knew Dean well enough to know that he'd better set his boyfriend's mind at ease about the reception of his little surprise as quickly as possible. He licked his dry lips and leaned even closer, his lips brushing the shell of Dean's ear before whispering, "Dean Winchester, are you wearing red panties? Red… lace," Dean's breath hitched as Castiel's tongue flicked his ear on the
Dean shrugged, his ears tinting red. "Yeah. Call me old-fashioned." His tone was casual enough, but Castiel knew him too well to be fooled. This was something Dean had been dreaming about for a long time.
Sam didn't miss the slightly pained expression that crossed Dean's face at the reminder. He'd been seeing that look more and more as the wedding drew closer, and he knew they needed to talk about it, but he couldn't find a way to broach the subject without making Dean feel like he was being accused of disloyalty.
that served breakfast all day every Sunday. When Claire pointed to the chocolate chip pancakes on the menu, the waitress looked uncertainly from Castiel to Dean and back, clearly wondering whose permission she was supposed to ask before giving the kid a plateful of sugar. Castiel said, "It's fine." Claire had been very cooperative about giving up one of her school-free days for the ASL class, and he felt that she deserved a treat.
"Are you alright, Dean?" Cas asked once he was fully sheathed inside the alpha, his balls resting snugly against Dean's ass. "Do you need a minute?"
Cas immediately tucked his nose into Dean's scent gland without prompting, winding his arms tightly around the alpha's waist. "I'm not having second thoughts," he said, the words slightly muffled in Dean's neck. "I have to get him out of there, whatever it takes. I'm just… I'm so scared, Dean."
"Oh, you ain't getting rid of me that easy," Dean said, drawing Castiel close and nuzzling his cheek. "I didn't get to do even a quarter of the things I want to do to you yet."
"I love you too," Cas whispered, his body starting to move against Dean's in a way that indicated he was hoping for another round.
"Pretty good," Castiel finished for him. He had never considered that. His mind raced through the list of everyone he knew and trusted. Of course Missouri was the first one who sprang to mind, but she was older. If her health suddenly started going downhill, Claire could end up in foster care anyway.
The corner of Sam’s mouth turned up, almost involuntarily it seemed. “You’re definitely not,” he said in a softer tone. “In fact, I think the only person who doesn’t see it is Dean.”
He stood up so fast he bumped the table, making the dishes rattle, mumbled something about the bathroom and fled. He heard laughter behind him, but he didn't care. Let them think it was a silly male phobia of babies. He wished it was that simple.
Dean suddenly ducked down and scooped him up bridal style. Castiel gave an undignified squeak and instinctively wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. Suddenly sleep was the last thing on his mind.
“Only the really scandalous stuff I hope,” Gabriel said with a wink, but a second later he added in a more serious tone, or at least as close to serious as Gabriel ever got, “You know you’re walking into the lion’s den here, right? Our family makes the Mansons look like the Bradys.”
Instead of answering with words, Cas slotted himself into place behind Dean. He tucked one arm under Dean's head and draped the other over his waist, tactfully avoiding the bulge in his sleep pants. "Merry Christmas, Dean," he murmured into the nape of Dean's neck.
Dean had been more than a little surprised when Cas left too. Being civil to Charlie was one thing. Leaving her alone with his alpha was something else entirely. But he didn't even kiss Dean senseless before leaving, making an exaggerated show of staking his claim. He just murmured in Dean's ear too low for anyone else to hear, "I'll be in our room. Take your time," then kissed him chastely on the cheek. And damned if that wasn't hotter than any over the top display of possessiveness. Cas trusted him. The knowledge sat warm and comfortable in Dean's heart, and his inner alpha purred contentedly.
"Eileen's been teaching me," Sam said, and his poker face was impressive. He only blushed a little around the ears.
Castiel thought for a moment. Then he looked at the man in his arms and smiled. "Nope," he said. "I'm good."
"Cas," he gasped, breaking away from the kiss. "Cas, we, uh …" He made a visible effort to wrangle his brain cells into working order, and Cas was smugly pleased with the effect his kissing had on the man. He'd been told by more than one person that he was a good kisser, but he'd never gotten such an immediate and intense reaction before. "Not that I don't want to," Dean finally managed to say, "but we don't have to do this right now. I mean, after what happened to you tonight, I understand if you need some time. I'll still be interested in a few days."
Dean groaned in desperation and frustration. His own willpower was the only thing actually keeping that door closed, and it was weakening quickly the longer Cas stood there smelling so enticing and being so endearingly/infuriatingly unreasonable. "What about Meg, huh?" he demanded. "What about the pizza man?"
Dean blushed even more, and Castiel had to sternly repress the urge to lean forward and kiss those pink cheeks.
"I know," he said, making a split second decision that he really hoped he wouldn't regret. "So stay. Hunt with
"Want a hand?" Castiel's hands were already running up Dean's thighs, reaching around to his ass, but Dean chuckled and shuffled backwards so he was just out of reach.
They hadn't made love again although in the past few days Castiel had noticed his body sending signals that it thought it might be ready. (Only around Dean. He had been deeply relieved to discover that he didn't respond that way to Sam.) Dean's scent occasionally had a musky quality too, particularly in the early mornings when he was pressed up close to Castiel, warm and relaxed and still half asleep, but the alpha had made no attempt to initiate anything more exciting than a cuddle. He hadn't even tried to kiss Castiel since that last day at the clinic, and Castiel couldn't quite find the courage to make the first move.
Sam had expected Cas to be tired and sad, probably still a little weak from whatever illness or injury he had suffered. (Dean's texts had been stubbornly vague, just repeatedly insisting that Cas was on the mend and they would come home as soon as he was "well enough to travel" whatever that meant.) The ex-angel did look tired, but not sad. Not in the slightest. As he followed Dean down the steps to the war room, he gazed around him in wide eyed wonder. He was perhaps moving a bit slower than usual, but not like he was in pain. It was just that before there had always been something slightly supernatural in the way Cas moved, the utter confidence of a celestial being who had never had to worry about stubbed toes or banged shins. Now he was walking like an ordinary person, thinking about where he was putting his feet. There was no lingering hint of illness in his scent either. He seemed happy and healthy if a little worn out.
Dean sighed, his breath ruffling Cas's hair. "Cas, you have got to stop apologizing to me. We made a deal, remember? I deal with your stuff, and you deal with mine. That's what being a couple is all about."
wanted to live in Sioux Falls instead of L.A. I'm not sacrificing anything here, but —" Her voice was rising with frustration, and she abruptly cut herself off, shaking her head. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't be dumping all this on you."
"Yeah, yeah," Dean said. "I'm coming." He sat back down, and Castiel sat beside him, leaning against his shoulder as though it was the most natural thing in the world.
"Dude, I get that you're worried about him, but can you please get your scent under control? It reeks in here."
"It's fine," Cas said, reaching out to touch her shoulder in a calming gesture. "We're very nearly related, remember? I'm happy to listen whenever you need to talk. Unfortunately the only advice I can give you is something which I'm sure you already know. Living your life to please others is a very bad idea, especially when it comes to who you love, who you marry. Does Sam make you happy? Does he look at you like you're the most important person in the world?"
He swished the water around his mouth and spat it into the toilet. “So,” he said to distract himself from his uneasy stomach and uneasier thoughts, “Nick and Michael are talking again?”
“I wasn’t gonna ask,” Dean said. He rubbed Grace’s neck gently, and Cas found himself feeling jealous of his own dog.
Castiel blinked. "That was very brave." He began to get an inkling of why Dean had stood by his brother so loyally even after what most people would consider an unforgivable act. "My brother —" He bit his tongue, but then decided to let the traitorous words out. They had been eating at him for weeks, and if anyone would listen without judging, it was Dean. "Jimmy wasn't supportive. He wasn't mean about it. He just made it clear that my love life was my own business and he didn't want to hear about it or meet any of my boyfriends, no matter how serious it was. He'd probably be furious with me for letting you into Claire's life, kissing you right in front of her and teaching her that it's not wrong."
He was pretty sure Claire only stopped screaming because she was out of breath. She still clung to him like someone might try to drag her away at any moment, but the silence was a relief to his ears and probably everyone else's, and she could finally hear him telling her that she was safe. "No one's taking you away. I promise," he repeated over and over like a mantra.
It had been a long time since Dean had gone through a rut with an omega to help. He'd tried hiring professionals once or twice, but quite apart from the fact that it cost money he didn't have, it always left him feeling a little too exposed. Having sex with a stranger was one thing, but a rut was a vulnerable time both physically and emotionally. It required a certain level of trust between the two participants, and trust wasn't something that came easily to Dean. So generally he made do with porn and toys. There were worse ways to spend a week. This though … This was heaven.
The three of them looked up. Castiel was expecting that a restaurant employee had come to tell them they were making too much of a disturbance although they weren't being particularly loud, and there were several other families with far more rambunctious children. But the middle-aged woman standing beside their table wore a smart, wool suit, not an apron. Castiel's eyes caught on the small silver cross around her neck before rising to take in the disgusted expression on her face, and all the happiness of the moment vanished, leaving only the dizzying sensation of the fight or flight adrenaline rush.
Dean stopped cold, staring at Jack. "Actually, I, um… I like Moana better," he said, "but Frozen is good too."
. Claire curled up between Dean and Castiel on the couch, seeming equally at ease with both of them. It was all so comfortable and domestic, so much like Castiel's secret, sunlit fantasy, that when he came back from tucking an exhausted Claire into bed and saw Dean putting on his coat, he felt a sinking disappointment as he abruptly remembered that Dean was just visiting.
They cuddled in comfortable silence for a while, and Dean gave in to his inner alpha's desire to lick Cas "clean". They would need a shower to actually get clean and to wash off the smell of sex. Sam complained that they always smelled like sex these days (but there was a twinkle in his eyes when he said it, so Dean knew he was happy for them).
Dean shrugged. "Don't know." He was watching Castiel laugh with the same look of warm affection he'd worn when Castiel appreciated his car, but now it was mixed with a glint of possessive pride.
Castiel groggily half surfaced from sleep and automatically reached for Dean. His hand found empty air. Not only was there no warm alpha to snuggle up to. The other half of the bed seemed to be missing as well. He rolled over and encountered a wall made of squashy cushions. He was lying on a sofa, and not one of the sofas in the bunker judging by the neutral, fresh-from-the-packaging smell of the fabric only faintly overlaid with his own scent. At that point his brain stopped taking things like safety for granted and woke him up the rest of the way.
Instead he gathered some of his own slick on his fingers and reached down to circle Dean's hole, massaging the outer muscles and gently encouraging Dean to relax before he attempted to fit even one finger inside. Just because he wasn't Domming tonight didn't mean he would risk hurting Dean to satisfy his own needs a little quicker.
I picked the place, so I should pay. You can choose the venue and foot the bill next time." The casual assumption that there would be a next time fell out of his mouth before he thought about it.
Castiel smiled as she unknowingly echoed his own words back to him. "I know." He took a deep breath and stood up. "Okay. I can do this." It sounded like he was trying to convince himself because he was, but it was also working.
He tried to find a happy place in his mind, to block out everything, but part of him was still here, waiting for the familiar hard weight of a dick in his mouth. He wasn't at all aroused by the prospect. In fact he was wondering if he would ever be able to give a blowjob again without thinking of this. He did normally enjoy sucking a guy off, loved the warm, salty taste and the rush of power that came from controlling another man's pleasure like that. Underneath the all consuming fear stirred a tiny spark of anger at this stupid, bigoted redneck for taking that away from him.
To cover his confusion he said, "Would you like a drink? I have a bottle of scotch that my brother gave me for —" He broke off as he realized that that was the last gift Jimmy had ever given him and maybe he wasn't ready to drink it just yet.
Castiel happily snuggled into his alpha's side. It felt even better now that he knew it meant as much to Dean as it did to him.
When he didn't finish the question, Dean pushed up on his elbows and squinted at the pale blur of Cas' face. "What?"
He shrugged as best he could in his prone position. "Not with you. I trust you." He'd had a few boyfriends who he would allow to fuck him only when hell froze over. Patience wasn't just a virtue in a top. It was a necessity. At least it was if you wanted both parties to actually enjoy the experience.
Finally they got to the part of the house Cas most wanted to see. “Full disclosure, it’s usually a lot messier than this,” Dean said, standing a little awkwardly in the middle of the room while Cas wandered around looking at things.
printed on it, Cas saw the question on the tip of the other man’s tongue, and then he saw Dean bite it back.
"Not sure. Gotta find an isolated spot where no civilians will get caught in the crossfire. Do me a favor and text Sam. Don't tell him what's going on, just that we're gonna be late getting back."
"Nope," Dean said meekly. "Looks like you've got it covered." He laid a soft kiss behind Castiel's ear and murmured against the skin, "Is it weird that I think it's hot when you're all efficient and organized and shit?"
Cas was momentarily mesmerized by the strong line of Dean’s jaw and the spark of defiance in his green eyes, but he looked at his brother again in time to see surprise and approval. Dean had made a good first impression.
"Yeah," he said. "Let's go home." He couldn't say the words without grinning like an idiot. Home. The home they now shared. He didn't think it was possible for him to be happier than he was in this moment, but he was prepared to be proved wrong.
," he groaned, his hands coming up to tangle in the other man's hair, holding him still as Castiel started rocking his hips in shallow, gentle thrusts. Dean's eyes flicked up to meet his, and Castiel read the permission in his gaze. He pushed a little deeper the next time, reveling in the feeling of Dean's throat relaxing and opening up for him. Dean's eyelids fluttered, his eyes rolling up in his head as he moaned with unabashed pleasure. That was it for Castiel, and he came embarrassingly fast and hard, unable to even
Castiel nodded. When he took a sip of coffee to buy some time to think, it was stone cold. He grimaced and pushed away the mostly full cup. "How about you join us for dinner tomorrow, Sam? We usually eat early because Dean and I have to be at the restaurant before the dinner rush. Does four o'clock work for you?"
"We gotta sing the snowman song," Jack said as they started rolling the first big ball for the snowman's base.
They all tensed up when another woman approached their table, this one with a little boy in tow, but then the boy stepped forward and offered Claire a sticker with a dinosaur on it. "I gots two stickers cause I didn't bite the dentist," he said gravely. "I gots a triceratops and a T-Rex. I think you should have the T-Rex so if the mean lady comes back, it can bite her. The triceratops wouldn't bite her cause they're plant eaters."
Cas grinned. “A garage actually. My car needed an oil change, and my regular mechanic had retired to Florida.” He added a splash of whiskey to one of the the coffees he was preparing. Dean was doing his best to hide it, but he clearly disliked flying a lot more than he had let on. He’d spent most of takeoff gripping his armrests with white knuckles and humming what sounded like Metallica under his breath.
"Dude!" Sam crowed excitedly when he saw the thermos with the battery powered blender blade in the bottom that could make a smoothie directly in the cup. "I love it!"
Castiel had mixed feelings about Christmas. He wasn't a Scrooge. He didn't hate the holiday season or resent people for being cheerful and festive. (The endless repetition of the same twenty songs on the radio got on his nerves eventually, but everyone complained about that.) He just didn't have the same nostalgic attachment to Christmas that other people did. He had no memories of tearing into brightly colored wrapping paper to reveal long awaited treasures. His presents (when there were any) were battered, secondhand things that had obviously been donated to charity by some other kid who had more toys than he knew what to do with, and when he went back to school everyone would be showing off their shiny new Transformers and Star Wars action figures and Barbies, and any happiness he had managed to find would melt away like snow in the sunlight.
Ohhh, yeah. Now they were cooking with gas. Cas hiked Dean's legs up around his waist, shoved a spare pillow under his lower back, and then practically dragged Dean onto his cock in one smooth thrust. Dean groaned, rolling his hips to help Cas along. The stretch and burn was toeing the line between pleasure and pain, but Cas had prepped him well enough that he wasn't worried about injuring himself. Dean always did it a little rougher when he wasn't subbing. It helped distract him from all those pesky insecurities about bottoming.
"Yeah, yeah," Dean said gruffly. "Don't go all fangirl on me now, or I might change my mind about letting you move in." But he quite obviously didn't mean it. He couldn't keep the goofy grin off his face.
"You don't have to apologize. I understand. I did my time in the closet too, and I wouldn't go back for anyone. That said, there is a difference between secrecy and privacy. How do you feel about PDA?"
"I know," Dean said quietly. He pulled out a cutting board and tested the edge of a knife. "She was arguing with them
"Hold that thought," Dean said, and he climbed off the bed and almost ran across the room to press the red button. When he turned back around, Cas had already shed his sweat soaked shirt and was struggling out of his pants, no trace of shyness. While Dean hurried to catch up, the omega flipped ungracefully onto his stomach, exposing his wet, dilated entrance to Dean. Dean swallowed, his cock throbbing in his jeans.
He knew he had only himself to blame for the current situation. Cas had been planning to admit his lie, but noooo, Dean just had to go and suggest they play it through! He should have known he wasn't the kind of alpha that Michael would approve of. He was barely an alpha at all.
When Castiel got home, Dean and Claire were playing Monopoly, and it looked like Claire was winning. Dean looked up from the game, hope and fear warring on his face.
Dean gave a dismissive wave. "I'm awake anyway. I can make coffee while you supervise the little monster."
He laughed but resisted the urge to continue trading emojis with his boyfriend to see who could be more sickeningly affectionate. Instead he quickly saved the picture of Claire before tucking the phone back in his pocket and returning to his pies.
Castiel woke feeling … not good, but better. The stabbing pains in his gut that had finally mercifully disappeared when Dean knotted him were starting to return, but they were still just twinges, and the restless burning feeling under his skin had receded to a sort of semi-pleasant tingling warmth. Best of all, he was tangled up with another warm body that smelled like contentedly sleeping alpha. And not just any alpha. Dean.
In the living room there was a small gallery of family photos, and right in the middle, all the other pictures orbiting around it, was a woman who could only be Dean’s mother. They had the same eyes, and the same brilliant smile. In the picture she was laughing, and she even tilted her head back the same way Dean did when he laughed. If there had been any lingering doubt, it was banished by the fact that she was sitting on the hood of a very familiar jet black Chevy Impala.
"Got ants in your pants, Winchester?" Charlie said quietly under the high pitched chatter of the kids gossiping about what Christmas, Hanukkah, and Kwanzaa presents they were hoping to get.
Once the last shuddering, blissful spasm had passed, Dean very carefully sat up and scooted them back towards the headboard so that Cas could rest his weight against Dean's chest while they came down. The omega immediately buried his face in Dean's neck and breathed deep, and Dean needed no encouragement to do the same. He loved the way Cas smelled after sex. He loved the way Cas smelled
Castiel's heart stuttered and his mind began racing, trying to figure out what he had done to make Dean rethink their relationship. They'd been busy with the case, so it had been a few days since they'd had sex, and his new set of injuries would place limits on their physical intimacy yet again. Was Dean annoyed with him for being so fragile? Or maybe the alpha was just bored with this monogamy thing and wanted some variety.
"I won't go far," he promised, brushing a stray curl off her face. "I'll stay where you can see me, all right?"
"Oh, I'll reorganize your drawers alright," Dean said, and he squeezed Cas' ass just in case his meaning wasn't clear.
“You dizzy at all?” Dean asked, kneeling in front of Cas and gently cleaning his face with a damp paper towel.
"However," Sam said, deflating their euphoria, "I have to warn you, this could take some time to actually go to court. There's a process. First we get our case together. Then we notify Michael and his lawyers that you're suing him for custody, and we have to give them some time to prepare their case. There will be a home visit from a social worker to verify that your place is safe for a kid and your relationship is healthy and stable. Then there will be supervised visits with Jack to see how he interacts with the two of you. Michael and Hannah will have to do all these things as well, and there will be psych evals for all four of you and for Jack."
Cas did his best to hide his disappointment. It didn’t sound like Dean was making this up, but obviously the evening wasn’t going to end with ill advised first date sex.
Dean blinked and sniffed the air. Sam had a point. Under the bunker's normal odors of dust and old books was a strong note of distressed alpha. No wonder nervous little omega Kevin had been spending so much time in his room lately. "Sorry," Dean muttered and made an effort both to control his scent and to focus on the lore books spread out on the table in front of him. He didn't really succeed at either.
They made out lazily against the door for a few more minutes, and Castiel noticed that though the kisses were far from chaste, Dean was being deliberately gentle on Castiel's swollen lips, never using teeth or too much pressure.
“I’ve been better,” he said, “but honestly, I’ve been worse too. I feel like … not much has actually changed.”
Dean laughed, and even though Cas had his back turned, he could tell by the sound of the laughter that Dean was blushing again. “Yeah. He was the first writer who made me really enjoy reading. When I was a kid I read Batman comics and that was about it. I mean, I had to read other stuff for school, but usually I’d just skim until I picked up enough to fake it. It wasn’t like anyone cared about my grades anyway.” A touch of bitterness crept into his tone, but he shook it off quickly and continued, “But then we came to live with Bobby and Jodi, and their house is
Cas pushed himself up on his elbows, his mouth falling open. He wasn't sure how he'd expected the story to end, but that definitely wasn't it. "He was killed in action?" he asked.
Dr. Bradbury smiled reassuringly. "Does he live with you?" she asked, no judgment in her tone, just trying to get the lay of the land.
He looked up, but Dean's face was blurry. He was seeing it through a prism of tears. "I didn't … I didn't fight back," he choked out. "There were a dozen things I could have done, but in that moment I couldn't think of anything except just ... waiting for it to be over. I just … froze."
"Yes. Please don't ask me to explain." He was not ready to talk about Jimmy, especially not with someone he didn't even like. "Suffice to say, she's my responsibility, and I couldn't find a babysitter. She won't be any trouble, I promise. She's a very quiet kid."
Claire watched Miss Eileen raptly as though the teacher was imparting the secrets of the universe, which Castiel supposed she was in a way. For the first class they started with basic words that would be immediately useful in the everyday life of a child: school, home, play, eat, help, please, and thank you.
"A tornado hit?" Sam said. He nudged Grace away from the clothes he was planning to keep and let her make herself at home on the donate pile. "Yeah. Jess gets here on Friday, but our new place won't be ready for another three weeks, so we're trying to make some room for her stuff, and apparently
Castiel looked into those green eyes and saw absolute honesty, and he suddenly felt warm for a very different reason. He put his arms around Dean's neck and drew the man into a kiss. There was no teasing this time, and if Dean had been a good kisser before, it was nothing compared to the way he kissed when he wasn't holding back.
. Castiel wondered what the real April was like and why she had chosen to let an angel possess her. "No one has to get hurt."
Cas nodded. As he watched Dean get up and rummage through one of their suitcases, his eyes were drawn to the prominent tent in the other man's boxers, and a desire he hadn't felt in a long time woke up in his belly. He'd only done that once with an actual person, and it hadn't been the greatest experience, but he was sure that Dean would be different.
Dean took a sip of his juice to hide a smile. He felt weirdly happy and content for someone who'd just been yelled at, and Sam did have a point. Clearly he was shit at hiding his feelings, so he might as well talk about them. Two heart to hearts in one day. When did his life turn into a chick flick?
Except there were three people coming towards them. The scruffy man from the store. A girl in a yellow dress that looked like a waitress's uniform. And another man wearing a button down shirt, neatly pressed slacks and, incongruous in this setting, a white lab coat. Castiel didn't recognize any of them, but he knew who they were and what they wanted. Angels. Here to kill him.
Dean came hard, moaning incoherently although Cas was pretty sure he heard his name in there somewhere. As Dean’s body locked up tight, it squeezed Cas hard enough that stars burst in his vision as he came inside of Dean. This time there was no dizziness or nausea, and he could fully enjoy the experience. It was, beyond a doubt, the best sex he’d ever had.
"Yeah." Dean pressed their foreheads together, tasting Cas's breath warm and sweet on his own lips when he said, "Are you sure? Like really,
Dean gave him a sideways look but didn't ruin the moment by pointing out the inadvertent Harry Potter reference.
Cas removed Dean's glasses and placed them on the nightstand. Then he threaded his fingers through Dean's hair and guided the alpha's head down. Dean let his jaw go slack and relaxed his throat as best he could. The moment Cas' cock slipped past his lips, Dean forgot all discomfort. He forgot the meaning of the word 'discomfort'. His mouth flooded with the salty, musky, sour taste of Cas. His nose filled with the scent of thunderstorms as Cas pushed him almost all the way down to the root, pubic hair tickling his face. Dean closed his eyes and surrendered control to his Dom, floating contentedly in his own personal Heaven. Nothing existed but Cas. The only sounds Dean was aware of were Cas' ragged breaths, the occasional gravelly command to swallow which he obeyed readily, and an almost unbroken stream of praise and endearments. "Just like that. So good for me, my Alpha. My perfect Alpha. Oh god, I love you."
He was scared. Of the hoards of angry angels intent on killing him obviously, but also of the humans, of the whole confusing world full of pitfalls he had never had to worry about as an angel. Out there no one would patiently explain to him the thousand and one things he didn't understand. At best they would give him that look, the one he had become so familiar with, the one that said,
"Face to face." Cas laid back down and stretched like a cat preparing itself to be petted. "I want to watch you come inside me."
Dean grimaced. Not at the thought of Charlie moving in permanently. He would have married that girl long ago if they weren’t both gay. No, it was the thought of his baby brother getting married that tied his stomach in knots. He was happy for Sam. He really was. God, sometimes he was so happy he couldn’t breathe. But … everything was going to change, and Dean hated change. There had been far too much of it in his life. It seemed like as soon as he settled in and got used to things being a certain way, something came along and yanked the rug out from under him. These last couple years, sharing this house with Sam, had been the happiest he could remember (
"Deep breaths, chef," said Gabe who was folding napkins nearby. "It's too early to be letting her spike your blood pressure like that. This is a marathon, not a sprint."
Sam grabbed his brother in a crushing hug. Dean was startled, but he recovered quickly and hugged back. "I'm happy for you," Sam said. "For both of you. He's really good for you, Dean, and I'm so glad you found him and that you're happy. I love you."
"Bobby needs to stop telling all my secret vices," Jody grumped lightly and smiled. She didn't sound mad, and her leather and evergreen scent got a little richer at the mention of her omega.
Castiel reached out to squeeze his hand. "It's okay," he said softly. "This isn't about placing blame. We both failed to communicate, but that's in the past now. This is about laying a fresh foundation, a solid one this time, without secrets, omissions, or lies."
"Everyone keeps their clothes on until the kid's asleep. I know the drill," Dean said. "You're not the first single parent I've dated."
Three weeks. Three weeks since the angels fell, since Cas called from a gas station in Colorado. By the time Dean got there, the angel (or ex-angel, or whatever the hell he was now) had vanished without a trace. Three weeks of no leads, no calls, not even a damn postcard. And okay, so this wasn't the first time Cas had gone radio silent, but that was then. Then when Cas had his powers. Then when he could heal himself with a thought, take a bullet or a knife to the heart or have a fucking atom bomb dropped on his head and keep on ticking. Now … Now Dean's dreams (when he slept at all) were filled with images of Cas dead in a ditch. It wouldn't even take an angel or a demon or a monster. Any garden variety psycho with a thing for blue eyed boys. For all that he was a badass warrior of heaven, Cas was a little … okay,
The realization probably would have scared him more if his brain wasn't swimming in a groggy post-coital nap fog.
Then he met a man with crystal blue eyes and a voice like the purr of a well made engine, and he realized how much happier he could be.
Cas scrambled off the bed and closed the door again while Dean looked around frantically for something to clean himself up with. In addition to his own come all over his chest and stomach, he could feel Cas' slick starting to leak back out of his ass.
They watched the sun set, and then they watched the stars come out. They didn’t talk any more about the past or the future.
Castiel chuckled and tilted his head to nip at Dean's jaw, stubble tickling the tip of his tongue. "Yeah, you do. You love that I'm a man, and I know exactly what to do with a cock when I've got one in my hand." He thumbed over both their slits, smearing the pre-come from one to the other.
Warning: This chapter contains an oblique reference to the potential sexual abuse of a child. Nothing actually happens, I swear.
"There are other good schools. I'm… I don't know what more Michael wants from me. I have a house. I have a job. I have health insurance and a decent savings account. I have…"
communicating even if she was doing it in total silence. She was coming back to herself as Missouri had promised, being a real child with feelings and opinions instead of a listless little angel.
"One night, me and Ruby were out working the clubs. I was high as a kite, but Ruby had me driving so she could count the money. She never let me handle the money. And … Well, I don't remember it clearly. I remember a bright light and feeling the car spin out of control, and then I woke up handcuffed to a hospital bed. They told me Ruby was dead, and since I was driving while intoxicated, I was being charged with second degree murder. I did the only thing I could think of. I called Dean. And he did exactly what I always knew he would. He spent almost every penny of his savings to get me a good lawyer and pay for my treatment. If you ask him, he'll say he doesn't regret it, and he'll mean it. But
“No, it’s fine,” Dean started to say. “It’s—” And then he was interrupted by a tinny electric guitar riff coming from his pocket. He pulled out his phone, and his eyes widened when he saw the screen. Cas could see the name of the caller — Sammy. “Oh, crap,” Dean muttered under his breath. He answered the call, and instead of hello, he said, “Sorry, sorry, sorry.”
, and I don't want to pressure you into saying it if it's too soon, but … She got inside my head. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. You deserve better. You've never given me any reason to distrust you, and I have no right to ask —"
"There's no such thing as moving too fast if we're on the same page," Castiel said, amazed that he could keep his voice so steady while his heart was trying to jump out of his chest at the confirmation that Dean also wanted this to last forever, wanted them to be a family. "You're right that I'm not ready to get married yet, but I have no problem with you getting attached to Claire in the meantime. Whether you realize it or not, Dean, you've been a father to her for months now, and you've been a good one. Even if we broke up, I wouldn't cut you off from her. We made a deal, remember? Whatever happens between us, we don't let it hurt Claire, and at this point, you disappearing from her life would hurt her. She's already lost one father. I wouldn't take another one away from her just to spite you."
"I think that was the best sex anyone has ever had in the history of sex," Castiel said, "but I'm sure we'll find a way to break the record again soon."
“I said I’d pick you up, so I’m gonna pick you up,” Dean said a little waspishly. This was the fifth time Sam had reminded him, and the trip was only three days long.
"I'm not suggesting you shouldn't. I understand the importance of family. What I'm asking is, does his presence in your life pose any danger to Claire or myself?"
"A little help would have been nice," he grumbled when they were finally allowed to return to the kitchen. "Those were your ideas I was defending in there."
Dean brightened up immediately. “Yeah, not the most glamorous job, I know, but I love it. An engine is like a puzzle. You can’t force it. You gotta be patient, and sometimes it’s really frustrating, but then there’s this moment when it all fits together, and everything just … works. It’s a great feeling.”
About half an hour passed before Dean came back to himself. Castiel could tell when he was becoming aware again because his hand which had been laying limply on Castiel's arm began to move, deliberately tracing the lines of Castiel's tattoos. "Are you back with me, Dean?" Castiel asked, using his name instead of Alpha to signal that the scene was over.
Dean would be the first to admit that he was easily distracted. He’d read half a book, then start a different one, and another and another until his bedside table was a paper avalanche waiting to happen. He wasn’t exactly a bad cook, but he managed to set off the smoke alarm at least once a week. And Bobby had officially banned him from doing paperwork because of the amount of time it took to find and refile everything when he was done.
poker face was so impressive that Dean honestly couldn't tell if there was a double entendre in there or not.
The music had started up again, and couples were moving out onto the dance floor that had been set up in the middle of the yard. Jess was twirling in her husband's arms, flushed and radiant with love, and Sam was looking at her like she was the only person in the universe. Bobby and Jodi were swaying gently on the spot, gazing into each other's eyes. Charlie and her girlfriend Jo were taking turns dipping each other and giggling like children.
Paradis (no, I didn't forget the e) is French for heaven. It seemed an appropriate name for a French restaurant staffed by angels.
Several thousand miles away, Sam winced. “Well, it certainly doesn’t seem like you’ve been lonely this weekend.”
Dean fingering himself open in Castiel's bed, filling the room with the smoky, spicy scent of alpha arousal. Castiel's cock quickly grew heavy at the thought, and slick began to trickle from his ass only to be washed away by the water, but he didn't touch himself beyond what was necessary to get clean. He wanted to be able to take his time with Dean, give him as much pleasure as he could stand before finally allowing them both to come.
Dean felt Cas stir after a long time of their breathing being the only movements. “No, don’t go,” he whispered, content with standing there forever.
So that's the chapter. I have a feeling you either love me or hate me right now, and I really hope it's not the latter.
That made Dean blush. Everytime Cas said something so innocent and unbearably sweet, it made him fall in love all over again. He wondered if Cas even knew what it did to his brain. "Well, you’ve given me a reason to–”
The Empty was lurking by their feet, rocking back and forth as ocean waves, ready to swallow them both into the vast unknown. Dean gripped Cas by the collar and hauled him up on his feet. Putting a hand on his chest, Dean shoved Cas hard against the wall.
“No, uhh…” Dean cleared his throat with a sombre expression on his face. He felt his heartbeat speed up, because this was real. This was happening. He suddenly turned and faced his brother. “I'm so proud of you, Sam. You know that?”
“I… don’t know.” Dean couldn’t do it anymore. He cleared his throat and slowly stood up, afraid that he’d do something
Lost in his thoughts, Dean forgot how long he’d been staring at Cas. It wasn’t until the angel by chance turned around that he caught himself in the act. They locked eyes for a second, sorrow meeting remorse. It had barely been a day since the bunker, but Dean already missed looking into those wide, blue eyes. After Billie died, they had avoided looking at, or being close to each other. It had been tense and awkward to say the least, but what did you even say to a friend whose heartfelt confession you countered with cold-blooded indifference? Dean swallowed. He averted his eyes, because
“I…" Cas frowned, recalling what happened. “I think I failed to fall asleep again. I remember the Empty forcing me to sleep. I think I annoyed it.”
“Woah, take it easy, Sammy.” Lucifer counteracted the force and pushed himself inside. “Way to treat a pal.”
As a beautiful landscape unraveled before their eyes, Dean’s mind finally came to terms with what his heart had accepted years ago. This was it. This was the place to do it, and it couldn’t get more perfect. Dean didn’t believe in destiny – never had – but he believed that this was how his life was supposed to be, and he was ready to embrace it. He slowed down and pulled the car to the side of the road, onto a patch of grass.
side with the Winchesters, and I can't forgive that.” Chuck walked towards his son, an evil smile on his face.
Lucifer inhaled, pressed his lips together into a thin line, and slowly exhaled. Annoyance and indignity was written all over his face. “You… bunch… of…
,” Chuck said, brushing off a little bit of dust that had landed on his shoulder. He turned around. “Instead of being grateful to be alive, you had the audacity to turn my
to be special in every possible way. Dean flung an arm around Cas' neck and pulled him in for a kiss on the cheek. He could only smile more when the angel in his arms blushed violently. Dean thought the reddish colour suited him. It contrasted his otherwise stoic expression very nicely, and was beautiful combined with the ocean blue eyes.
The sun was spreading its last portion of warmth for the day, and the fresh evening air gently wrapped them in its motions. “Look at this world,” Dean said and gestured at what lay before them. The trees swayed lightly in the evening breeze, and above it the sun was hovering like a glowing orb. The last sun rays filtered through the clouds, casting a golden hue that contrasted the pinkish sky and the silhouetted greyish mountains. “To know that we helped save all of humanity, all of
Dean felt butterflies in his stomach when he looked down at Cas, peacefully sleeping on the ground. The chest beneath the trench coat was periodically rising and falling, perfectly in sync with the soft sounds of steady breathing. It was such a rare sight to see Cas with closed eyes that Dean almost didn’t wake him up. But the place they were in was too perfect to be true. It felt like nature was lulling them into a false sense of security. Where the hell were they?
His mind protested, but Dean followed when Cas started walking. And despite missing the contact, the trek soon became quite enjoyable. Now, Dean's eyes were able to take up what his body had felt.
This was really tricky to write, and I've made about a thousand changes, so I apologise in advance for any mistakes/incoherencies.
"That's… one of Death's books." Michael frowned as he inspected the black binding. He lightly ran his fingers over the golden symbols protruding from the cover.
"Okay, you said there were two reasons I might not like this," Dean said, changing tactics. He closed his eyes briefly and chose not to acknowledge the wetness travelling down his own face. "You'll die, but so will I. So what's the second reason?"
It had almost been too easy to pour all that bullshit out of his mouth, because Dean knew his friend inside out. He knew where he and Cas were alike. He knew Cas’ mind, his every habit and every quirk. All Dean had needed to do was to simply retell what he had been told as a child.
forest – probably one of the most romantic places in the universe – sitting close enough to share oxygen molecules. But when Cas decided to turn his head around, it was all in vain. Green met blue as Dean found himself staring into a pair of eyes. He swallowed. Those ocean blue eyes were his biggest weakness, the key to his heart and soul. They held an entire world within, and he could spend hours exploring, always finding new things, never getting bored. Dean wondered if their joint colour would be turquoise. It was a nice colour.
," he nodded towards Michael, "but you don't want to mess with the Empty, man. Especially since Jack blew up all over her and whatnot. Real classy, just like his dad. Anyhow, I caught wind of the fact that our very own Samuel Winchester recently laid his hands on the Very Important Book, so
