Sam shakes his head. “Whoever’s giving me these visions, they wanted me to know this. What if he’s working with Amara and Rowena? We have to find him. We have to find him now.”
“I, um. I love you, too, Cas,” Dean said, choking a little bit as he hugged Cas against his chest. “God, I love you.” He was shaking, his breathing ragged, probably due to his body releasing a decade’s worth of tension with one simple phrase.
Dean swallows. He did, deep down, he knew that when Amara asked for a few minutes alone that he wasn’t going to see her in that room again. He could feel it.
Dean should be angry. He should be furious at Cas for this violation, for seeing him at his most vulnerable and demanding that he put on a show for him.
“What Sam means is that we were just–we were having–we both woke up early and have been having a completely innocent conversation here in the kitchen.”
Castiel’s memory clicked into place. “Dean. He’s a CNA—no, a therapist. At that SNF I do PRN for every once in a blue moon.”
After several long seconds, she pulled away and put a hand to his chest. “I’m sorry, I should’ve told you. You can’t spend the night. My husband’s getting home a day early, and you know how he is.”
They both needed sleep, but it seemed ridiculous to nap in separate beds in the same room in broad daylight. Dean had never shared his bed with a man just for the hell of it, just to sleep, but it was something he desperately wanted from Cas. Something he could never have.
Dean laughs as Cas expands his big stomach out and pulls at the fabric of the tank top to make it tight.
Dean has his eye on a rundown bar down the road, too, but not enough time has passed since they committed crimes to get a loan for their house, so he has to wait before they can buy it.
“I’ll wait here until Crowley’s done,” Cas says stoically, taking a tentative seat on the edge of Dean’s bed.
Inside the door, Cas turned a furrowed brow and a tilted head at Dean, making him stop before they got to the host stand. “I’m gay, Dean. I’m dressed like a gay person because I am gay and I dress like this. Whatever I wear is what a gay person wears.”
He unplugs the headphones; music flows out of his shitty phone speaker. Charlie taps her fingers against his side.
“So that’s how we learned ghosts is real. And, man, did we help some ghosts,” Clint says with a smile at Ida May.
Sam hums in understanding. After a beat of silence, he asks, “How long do you think it’s been since we found Amara as a baby? Like, how long ago was that for you?”
Now Dean is laughing. He pulls Cas closer to him and once again pushes his face against his neck. “You were just so stiff before.” He pulls back again and looks Cas in the eye. “I don’t like thinking that you were, I don’t know, holding yourself back. Repressed.”
for fuck’s sake—in front of Sam. He knew Sam would never judge him, but the idea turned his stomach sour. It would be a change in his identity, a change in the way Sam perceived him, and he wasn’t willing to deal with it.
In the winter, Sam has to buy tiny sweaters for her, which becomes a problem when Dean does the laundry and shows up in the kitchen holding one of them.
Dean thinks this is where Sam asks about Jesus, and Dean is pretty sure Chuck waves him off and says, “He was just some guy.”
Cas rubs his thumb over the cassette and looks down at it with a frown. “‘Dean’s top 13 Zepp traxx’—with two x’s.”
The road narrows to a single point ahead of him, the trees on either side growing thick and beautiful, the sun shining brightly.
Usually by this time Dean would start asking when they would get to the goddamn point already, but his entire body felt electrified, like kissing Cas was the only thing it needed to sustain itself. After at least 15 minutes, Cas moved his mouth down Dean’s jaw, his neck, then he sucked a hickey into his collarbone, expertly placing it below the typical placement of a scrubs collar.
Dean makes it to the sink just as Sam is knocking on the door. He sticks a toothbrush in his mouth; the door opens.
“Yeah but neither of us asked him to. We didn’t call him, we’ve got angel repellant carved into our ribs–seriously, it doesn’t bother you?”
Dean heard the sound of the front door opening and shutting, followed by Sam shouting a greeting, so Dean got out of bed with a wince and went to the bathroom to brush his teeth and apply some Icy Hot. He threw on an oversized t-shirt that said, in big blocky letters, “DADDY’S LITTLE GIRL” and walked awkwardly out to the kitchen.
Billie shouted from her office, “If you’re gonna have multiple hookups, it’s good to set boundaries. Dean’s right to have rules, and he’s wrong to break them.”
Her eyebrows knit together. She puts her hand on Dean’s cheek. “Yes. And you’ve shared this Mark.” She points to her shoulder. “There’s no separating you and me.”
“If he wants you to call him in 20 minutes, that probably means he doesn’t have plans with someone else. He also only got one drink. You don’t want to spend time with a man who’s going to eat two burritos in the next 20 minutes,” Hannah reasoned.
Cas laughs and drops his head forward. His hand falls away from Dean’s face, and he flips it out palm up. “Well, Dean, I
There are more trees, taller grass, bursts of flowers all around them, on the sides of the road and in the median, growing, growing. Sam gives Dean a look like he wants to ask him what that was about, but he knows Dean well enough to keep his mouth shut.
Cas made a surprised little noise when Dean pushed into him, and then Dean held still and waited for Cas to tell him to start moving. It took them both a long time to come. Dean was exhausted and sore and collapsed next to Cas on the bed after coming between his legs. They had towels beneath them, so they didn’t get up right away to clean.
“I count down the days each week until I get to see you again. I give you your space, I don’t bother you with texts or calls, I let you decide on the schedule—so how much longer? When do I get more of you?”
Mildred put a gentle hand on his shoulder and looked up at him with pitying eyes. “Dean. I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Amara frowns at him. “You wanted time, and I had already taken so much of it from you. I didn’t know, by the way. When I was a baby, I didn’t mean to manipulate you.”
Winchester Welding, how may I help you? No, Mr. Jones, you can’t drill regular screws into steel – at least not with a 12 volt. Have you heard of Teks screws? You can buy them at any hardware store and they’ll – yep. Sure, sure. Have a nice day.
Dean shares a look with Cas, then the same look with Sam. Whatever is going on, it almost definitely has to do with Amara.
On Tuesday, Dean assumed Bela would cancel on him due to the stunt he pulled last week, but she showed up at his door unannounced and tied him to his bed before riding him. She didn’t say a word to him even as she got close to coming and unmounted, sitting on his face to finish, then walked naked into the bathroom and stayed in there for 10 minutes. He was still tied to the bed and hadn’t come yet.
Castiel’s heart raced. “I don’t want to do that. I haven’t properly thought about having sex with him, so it would be unenjoyable for us both if I—”
“Cas, it’s been wonderful working with you,” Dean says as he removes his scuba gear. “This isn’t a two weeks’ notice. I’m quitting right now. Hope you can find somebody else to finish that weld for you.”
His body demanded that he do more work this time, so he rolled flat onto his stomach and pushed his hips back onto a dildo, raising his ass in the air like he used to do in cheap motels in the early 2000s. It was one of his favorite positions to be fucked.
Neither of them say anything the first few times Dean pushes the needle through his skin and pulls the thread through, but about a quarter of the way done, Cas says quietly, “You can’t hurt me, Dean, you don’t have to be so meticulous.”
After they close the door, they hear things banging against the walls. More gravel falls in the hallway, small cracks appear in the concrete.
Dean said, “You’ve talked your way into therapy so often that you could fake being a COTA and nobody would bat an eye. C’mon, show me your kitchen set-up.”
“We let him use the Hand first, though,” Rowena adds. “We summon Lucifer and the girl simultaneously and hope for the best.”
Dean turns and finds Sam typing away on his laptop as if he didn’t even hear what Dean asked. “Yeah. What’s the case?”
“No. She’s doing everything on too big of a scale. We might be able to save a couple people here and there, but, I mean, if she keeps doing this, we just have to stop her. We have to get enough juice to stop her completely.”
Cas puts a hand on Dean’s forearm, making him turn toward him. In his tiny body, Cas pulls Dean forward and hugs him fiercely, wrapping his arms around his neck. Dean holds his small waist and buries his face in Paula’s hair.
His body and mind go lax. He feels grass growing under him and vines growing over him, and he is sure that he is about to be buried in the earth forever, and he doesn’t care. He’s being consumed by darkness, and he doesn’t care.
They’ve got some onions and peppers and a freaking eggplant in the fridge, so Dean quickly throws together an orzo salad with macaroni noodles since they don’t have orzo. Once the steaks are thawed (in the microwave, but nobody needs to know that), he throws them on the grill, heads back inside and tells Cas to keep an eye on them. He definitely doesn’t waste five minutes passionately explaining to Cas how to make sure all the steaks turn out perfectly medium rare.
“Whoa,” Dean interrupts. “Oh my god.” He watches as Amara opens her mouth wide and four tiny little white teeth appear out of her gums, two on the top and two on the bottom. “OK, she, um, definitely has some agency. And knows what we’re saying.”
Dean can feel Cas looking at him, so he turns his head and makes eye contact. Cas just smiles sadly and bumps their shoulders together, a silent gesture of understanding between parents. Dean wants to move his arm up around his shoulder and hold him, but Cas is back in his own body, and Dean doesn’t do stuff like that with men.
Sam stands and scoops T-Rex up. “Yeah. I’ve known for a while. You keep fucking Cas, I get to keep my dog. Deal? Deal. Glad we worked that out.”
“Dean, we’re not supposed to be together,” Cas whispered back, but he was also smiling and doing absolutely nothing to stop Dean from crowding him up against a rusty old vanity.
It was another half hour before Dean came out of his room and went to the kitchen for some water. When he got there, Cas was sitting at the table looking at his phone.
“Is that really what you want? To defeat her? You can’t tell me you didn’t feel the same about her that I do—did.”
Dean did not sleep well. He was too aware of Cas’ presence next to him and the impossible gap between their bodies. In the morning, they hopped back out to the couch together and Cas left for work without touching or kissing Dean at all.
He gets a little shaky under the spray, and he has to turn the faucet to scalding hot to try to manage the chills that rack his body. He realizes belatedly that he wants a drink, badly, and he can’t think about anything other than the still unopened bottle of Jack in the library.
but it’s probably rude for us to be talking about this when Cas has never, you know, like, said anything about it. That’s up to him, not us."
Crowley spotted them and smiled as he walked over. “Bloody hell, Dean, what has Castiel been feeding you?”
in black soot as he ran out of his garage and into his front yard where he shook off his leather gloves and cursed up at the sky. Before Cas could even think about shouting to ask what’s wrong, the man turned back into his garage and shut it behind him.
“Well, I mean, I—” Dean cuts himself off, unwilling to say what he wants to say, which is that he still struggled with seeing Cas as a woman because it felt easier to touch and comfort and be near a woman.
Cas comes in next, wearing just boxer briefs, his wet hair dripping water onto his body. He greets everyone then puts a hand on the small of Dean’s back and kisses his cheek. He takes the La Croix right out of his hand and drinks it before giving it back.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Dean asks. “You know not to—don’t ever fucking touch me, Crowley.”
And Cas just barely says anything but a quiet thanks. They keep driving toward the bunker, and Sam clears his throat three times over the space of five minutes before he finally says something.
It took just a couple of weeks for Dean to put on the weight he wanted, to make his skin supple and firm instead of sagging. He drank sparingly, he was sleeping better, and he had more energy and an improved libido.
Dean gently shoves past Rowena and Charlie so he can look down at Cas’ face. “Hey. Hey, Cas. How you feeling, buddy?”
Dean had been bottoming for so long, he knew every tip and trick imaginable for a good fuck, and he made sure not just to prepare Cas but to overprepare him. It took an hour and a half of cleaning, foreplay, opening him up, positioning him exactly right on the bed, then finally fucking him.
Mary downs the rest of her beer. “You had a crush on John Travolta when you were 4, Dean.” She winks at Cas. “If you want my approval, you’ve got it.”
Jody joins him eventually, holding two beers and handing one off to him as she stands against the side of the car next to him.
For him, it feels like he’s back in a dream. He has that same surreal calm in his chest, and he reasons that were he to close his eyes he would be lying in a bed with Cas, feeling like it’s as real as anything.
Cas answers this time, “Why would Dean and I need a code word at home when it's only the three of us here?”
They sprint through the passages of hell until they reach the entrance they came in. They have to draw their own blood and create a sigil on the low ceiling to make the door open, but it’s better than waiting for Crowley to let them out.
“C’mon, Mildred, I know you mean my ass,” Dean said with a pat to his own ass, which looked just fine in his black scrubs, since he purposely wore all of his scrubs a little too tight to show off his extremely well-maintained body.
“Uh, it was Crowley. Did he—well, he’s gone now.” Dean stops himself from saying what he knows, which is that Crowley landed himself inside the room only to talk to Dean, and had the door locked and the room soundproof for privacy. Sam would get all kinds of ideas from that information, so Dean keeps it to himself.
in here doing the same shit. As far as I’m concerned, the only person I trust right now is Sam. I’m sorry, but that’s just how it is.”
Dean slumps to the floor against the wall, as far from Cas’ bed as possible, and presses the heels of his hands to his eyes to try to calm down. He’s not sure how long he stays like that, but when he comes back to himself there’s a hand on his shoulder.
As Sam walked the short distance over to his own house, he called back to Dean, “Does he like your haircut?”
Asa Fox’s funeral lasts for two days because the demon who killed him shows up and gets ganked within minutes of arriving, and they spend the rest of the day celebrating. Why a demon would show up to a hunter’s funeral, where every attendee is warded against possession, Dean will never understand.
“But then what if it doesn’t work out?” Dean asked. “I can’t lose seven good people in the small hope that the eighth one will work out. You know how hard it is to find good hookups?”
With a deep breath, Dean leans back against the washing machine and folds his arms across his chest. “Crowley’s in love with me,” he says quickly, eyes closed.
Cas solemnly nods at him. Dean watches him closely until he pulls out of the garage, then Dean walks outside and watches until the car disappears around a curve.
The last thing he reaches for is a note hanging up in his locker that had been hiding behind work schedules and procedures.
Dean tried to be sneakier after that, doing more videos in the car or in locked storage closets in the bunker, or waiting until everyone had gone to sleep. He had even filmed a video in the goddamn dungeon.
Dean saw it, the half moment of hesitation, of Cas thinking he was caught in some kind of dream. Then he blinked and crossed the room in three steps, fumbling with his belt buckle as he went.
They spend the rest of the day not talking about it. Dean takes Amara outside again; he doesn’t push Cas to join them. They watch TV in Cas’ room in the afternoon, with Amara claiming that she’s too “grown-up” for
Sam knows a code word when he hears one. Hell, he and Dean have about a hundred or so words and phrases and hand gestures that they’ve accumulated over the years to make a language all of their own. It’s not hard to figure out when something means something else entirely.
Dean accepted the stack of books and set them on the sideboard. “Sorry, I didn’t have my phone on me. Uh, I have company. I’m sorry, Cas.”
A beat of silence passes, then, “Through humanity I’ve learned to feel. And think for myself. My world may be smaller now than it was before, but it doesn’t feel any less important. In some ways, it feels more important, being free from the constraints of heaven.”
Cas snapped out of it, his eyes moving from Dean’s torso to his face. “Apologies. You’re, um, extremely in shape.”
Dean sighs and wonders if he hurt the dude’s feelings. Whatever, he’s not the one with three different types of injuries on his ass. “I burned myself on a bowl of oatmeal, dropped the oatmeal, fell and landed in the mess. Is that a decent enough explanation?”
He skipped the gym and went straight to Cassie’s after work, knocking on the side door instead of letting himself in through the garage.
Sam called with updates, asked Dean how he was doing, said he would be home in a few days and that Eileen said hi.
Cas cuts Dean’s argument off with a kiss. It’s just a tentative press of lips, but Dean still lets out a needy, embarrassing whimper as it happens. When Cas pulls away, Dean mumbles, “Nuh-uh,” and grabs him by the cheek to pull him back in. His hip is digging into the edge of the table, but he doesn’t care. He doesn’t care.
Some stress drops from Dean’s shoulders once his mom is out of the bunker. He grabs a beer out of the fridge and downs half of it before joining Sam and Cas in the war room. Sam is staring intently at his laptop while Cas reads an old Men of Letters journal to see if there’s anything about the British chapter.
After Charlie left, Dean finished his food while Cas sorted through the bookshelves like usual, turning and moving books however he pleased.
“I think I can manage that. Although I wouldn’t describe brain matter as ‘clean’ or ‘dirty’ as that’s usually how we metaphorically classify souls, and it could get confusing.”
The bed shifts with the weight of a second person, and Cas can’t help the smile tugging at his lips.
Dean nods. It takes him a minute to collect his thoughts before he asks, “How did you even get here? Did Billie have something to do with this?”
It isn’t until later that night when Dean is getting ready for bed that he realizes he hasn’t felt woozy or nauseated all day. He didn’t eat much, and he didn’t think to drink any beer or liquor like he usually does. Even just thinking about it, he feels his stomach turn.
“Hey, Clint,” Dean says, suddenly struck with a stupendously garbage idea. “What would you call Cas, he or she?”
It doesn’t make any sense at all, but Dean leans in and kisses Cas gently. His lips are wet and cold and
“Oh, yeah? I’m a nurse,” Cas responded robotically, like he had rehearsed this conversation with himself beforehand.
Cas allows him to trivialize the moment. He just simply smiles up at him as he wipes a tear from Dean’s face.
After an awkward moment of silence, Rowena leads them around the back of the house where Crowley is leaning against a shed smoking a cigarette.
He shifts and feels Cas’ heavy arm draped across his back, his chubby hip squished against his side. Dean shuffles and turns, picking Cas’ arm up and kissing his hand before setting it on the bed and standing up.
“We’ll get a place with an extra room for Jack. A three-bedroom, so we can have a guest room, too,” Dean continued.
From the opposite end of the table, Sam offers a tightlipped smile and trains his eyes back to the screen. “Still think I’m hallucinating, but at least it’s pleasant for the time being.”
“Dean, listen. I know. I know how you feel. I know you, and I know you don’t trust yourself, but look at me. I’m different than you, alright? You can trust me. I just threw two years of emotional processing at you, of course you can’t deal with that. But you can do just
Dean snaps out of it by pushing himself away from Sam and shouting incoherently, then he uselessly punches the wall to feel his knuckles bleed yet again.
He didn’t even say anything when the sound of soft laughter woke him up at 4 a.m., and he had to push a pillow over his head to drown out the subsequent sound of lips smacking.
He only made it a few more feet before the headache returned, worse than before. Images, so fast and loud in his head that it felt like his brain would explode. When they stopped, he blinked his eyes open and had a realization.
Hey, Dean. You did that repair at Novak’s a while back, right? He’s called like 50 times today. What? Yeah, I sent Ash. Dude, chill. What the fuck do you care? Charlie’s going back now. Oh my god, Dean, calm down. Seriously, why is this such a big deal to you? Novak cute or something? Oh shit, he
The same woman who approached Dean in the parking lot suddenly walks out in front of the Impala, causing Dean to curse and slam on the brakes, but it’s too late, she’s too close, and he runs right into her. He pitches forward and drops his phone beneath his seat. When he puts the car in park and gets out, the handful of other cars on the road rudely honk at him as they pass.
The rest of the crowd was listening now, too. One of the other women asked Renee, “What are you talking about?”
A few awkward seconds pass before Cas answers. “I suppose I should be flattered, but.” He shrugs and looks down at his food. “I would kill Crowley for a lot less.”
“Just not here,” Sam continues. “Look, we could use your help. If you’re planning on following us around, you might as well—”
Sam and Eileen took shifts checking on him, bringing him groceries and takeout and even new lounge clothes—baggy sweat shorts, plain soft t-shirts in blues and greens, one of Sam’s old Stanford sweatshirts that was way too big, from Sam’s chubby phase in undergrad.
“It was days,” Charlie answers in a quiet voice. “You guys left me here with those—those creatures, the ghosts, and I—they went away, but I was in the bunker for days by myself. I kept thinking the walls were gonna cave in.”
“Something is broken in you, boy,” John says, turning away from Dean and going back over to the other side of the kitchen. He opens the fridge. “You got any booze?”
and his eyes followed the noise to his neighbor, standing in his open garage and reaching up to the highest makeshift shelves on the far wall to pull down enormously long pieces of metal. Was it – pipe? Maybe – what’s that stuff called? Box tube?
The third time Cas saw his neighbor, he was wheeling a–an oxygen tank? He was wheeling an oxygen tank into his garage. He looked around suspiciously as he removed the dolly out from under it, and he made eye contact with Castiel from across the street.
Sam sighs and looks over his shoulder as he switches lanes. “And did you sneak out this morning without saying anything to her?”
Cas smiles and blushes, then ducks his chin as he says thanks. Dean looks down at the floor to hide his smile.
Dean clenches his jaw and glares at Cas. Cas glares back. Both of them ignore Crowley saying that he can help, too, and that he’ll buy them more time.
“Whoa, it’s OK. It’s OK, Cas,” Dean soothes as he helps his friend lie back against the headboard. There’s blood spreading across the inside of Cas’ white shirt, so Dean gingerly unbuttons it and finds a deep gash from his belly button to his hip. “Angel blade?”
Sam follows them through the bunker, and asks over Amara’s screams, “Dean, what the hell is going on?”
Dean slowly gets to his feet, stretches his aching back, then grabs a bottle from the shelf above his bed and tosses it at Charlie.
The relief was immediate as Cas worked his grace through Dean’s hands. A low groan escaped Dean’s throat, and his body went somewhat lax.
Crowley opens a hidden door in the wall, sliding the stone in a gravity-defying way and revealing a vast, empty hole. He points to it and tells Sam he has to step inside to get to the Cage.
Dean jumps and grabs the hand that’s shaking his shoulder, but it’s just Cas. He lets go and puts his arms around Amara, who is curled up and sound asleep in his lap. It’s dark in the room, the TV off. And there are two demons in skinny female bodies standing at the end of the bed.
“I know. It’s made me realize that I, um, treat women differently.” Dean puts a hand up, palm out toward Sam. “And don’t give me any of that Gloria Steinem feminist crap. I don’t need a PowerPoint presentation on gender studies, alright? We’ll get Cas back and I’ll be normal.” Dean puts a basket on his hip and moves toward Sam. “Now get out of my way, I’ve gotta get this laundry out to everybody.”
“No. No, not at all. You know Cas, he’s not gonna...I’m just trying to get you to, you know, talk to me. Open up maybe? About whatever’s bothering you? I don’t know.”
“You’re right,” Dean replies easily. “There aren’t words, ‘cause there’s no need. You were under a spell. It’s fine.”
Dean blinks a few times and looks at his brother. After too long of a pause, he says, “Yeah. Uh, you guys figure out what you can about the kid, alright? I’m going on a supply run.”
Dean gives him a stern look. “Because I’m the one she trusts the most. I’m the one she’s least likely to suspect and least likely to hurt.”
“Well, we thought demonic possession,” the shorter guy, Cesar, says. “But now that the Winchesters are here, we’re thinking we’ve gotten in over our heads.”
Jack pauses the movie and looks over at them with a smile. In a sweet, polite tone, he asks, “I don’t mean to be rude, but can you guys please shut the fuck up?”
Cas privately asks Jody if she wants a glass of wine, which she turns down. Dean sees the conversation take place as he’s turning the TV on due to his inability to take his eyes off Cas for even one minute.
“Hello, darling,” Crowley says loudly in the background as Cas says into the phone, “We’re following a lead on Lucifer.”
Cas shuffles around in his arms and kisses him languidly. Even though they’ve been together for months and have shared at least a thousand kisses, a thrilling warmth washes over Dean’s body every time Cas initiates.
Dean shrugs. "I don't know. He didn't say anything about it. We, uh—well, I fell asleep. I don't know."
Cas is also facedown on the bed, but instead of getting up, he burrows deeper and mumbles sleepily, “Start the coffee, please.”
"Well. Let's hope we can trust her." After a beat, Sam asks, "Whatever Amara showed you, it has to do with Cas, doesn't it? Are you ever gonna tell me?"
Dean smiles warmly at her. “Yeah. We can go right now, let me just—” Dean can’t stop the yawn that escapes.
a big deal, that whatever is happening to his body is definitely a big deal, but he’s going to control what he can control. He reasons that if he doesn’t drink, he doesn’t have splitting-headache visions of Amara. If he doesn’t eat much, he doesn’t puke. Simple.
When he realizes the call is ending, Sam panics and tries to decide which way to go and ends up dancing back and forth in front of Dean’s door before sprinting toward the kitchen.
“I hope you don’t mind my calling,” Cas replied, his voice sounding even deeper on the phone. “I just wanted to explain—I thought you might enjoy those books, and I had them in my truck and passed your house on my way—”
“Looks like Jesse and Cesar had fun in Mykonos,” he said, showing Cas pictures of the couple on Facebook.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean practically shouted, raising up on his elbows because he didn’t yet have the strength for anything else. “Where the fuck do you think you’re going?”
Cas gets too close in Dean’s personal space, hugs him twice in one day, pats his face, even grazes a hand across Dean’s hip when they pass each other in the kitchen. Dean tries his best to ignore it.
Hey, hon. Yeah, I’ll be home around 6. Nah, I’m manning the phones all day. I know. What? Dean’s coming over for dinner again? I’m starting to think you like him better than me. Yeah, no, alright. Love you, too.
“Well, that sounds ridiculous,” Amara replies. “I’d like to meet this Death and have a word with them about this situation.”
“Hi,” he answered, turning his body more fully toward her so he could squeeze her hips and kiss her properly.
In an attempt to impress Cas, Dean asked for a wine menu and then felt stupid as hell when he remembered that Cas didn’t drink. He didn’t order any for himself, either, opting instead for a plain old glass of water. Spending so much time with someone who didn’t drink made Dean acutely aware of just how much he drank. He could probably afford to cut back.
Crowley meets them immediately, acting cold toward them both as he leads them through empty and unreasonably narrow passageways, purposely keeping them from seeing anyone or anything going on in hell. Sam explains the situation to him as they walk, with Crowley barely acknowledging that he’s listening until they reach a room that seems like the cold entrance to a prison, and he stops and turns toward them. He avoids looking at Dean.
“I don’t know how my statement could’ve implied that you’re fat, but according to our charts you are 10 pounds above average for your height. So I suppose that yes, I could be calling you fat.”
It’s silent on the bunker’s main level. The heat is stifling and oppressive, and Dean is hyper aware of every bead of sweat that slides down his face. He holds his gun out in front of him as if that will help. Around every corner, into every room and hallway, he expects to see Amara’s face. He and Cas circle around until they meet Sam in the library. Sam shakes his head and lowers his gun. None of them say anything.
Sam nods then grips Dean’s wrist, gently tugging it away from his face. “Holy oil. We could’ve saved all those people with holy oil.”
Suddenly alone in the kitchen, Dean searches through the cabinets for some snacks for the girls. After a few minutes, Sam comes in and gives Dean a confused, “Hey.”
Dean and Cas ran out of the room and into the hallway, weapons at the ready. Dean made a silent signal to Cas for them to split up, but then a ghost appeared directly in front of them and they barely jumped out of the way as it charged.
He takes a couple steps toward her, closing the distance between them. “You know I would do it if I had to. If you don’t give me a choice.”
Cas hugged Dean from the side, linking his hands around Dean’s love handles. “Yes, he’s been scowling a lot less toward me at work lately. I kind of miss it.”
Dean counts the bullets again. Locks the box, puts the gun in its holster. He glances over at his phone while he works. The screen is black.
“Cas, I gotta go home. I’m gonna be late to work,” Dean whispered as he put his hand to Cas’ shoulder and kissed his temple in his rush to get out of bed. “I didn’t bring any—”
“No. I just could feel...there was something. Something that felt different than you.” Cas shakes his head. “I was almost there, but it was difficult because you were in so much pain, I couldn’t—”
They stayed about an hour, with Dean and Mildred doing most of the talking while Cas just quietly drank the tea Mildred offered him.
Several seconds later, Sam says, “You know you’re allowed to be whoever you want to be, right, Dean?”
Sam responds with a mix of shock and horror, but he tries not to let it show as Amara runs up to him for a hug.
Dean hasn’t left the bunker in four weeks, two days. Sam has been out, chasing dead ends, cleaning up Jack’s messes, helping other hunters. When he’s gone, Dean curls up in bed and stares at his laptop. He doesn’t know what he’s looking at or what he’s looking for. He thinks about having a drink, decides it’s too much effort to go to the liquor store to get something. Apparently the cure to alcoholism is feeling too apathetic to even buy a drink.
“Dean,” Sam interrupts. “We got Cas back, that’s what matters. Stop worrying so much about a vessel, OK?”
“Jesus, Dean.” Sam frowns at him, and Dean can tell, somehow, that he’s made his brother feel sorry for
Cas walks out next and stops right outside the door, staring straight ahead at Jack. Cas has both his wrists bent against his hips, hands palm out, straight-back posture making his gut look more pronounced than it already is.
Dean looked at Cas, searching his face for some indication that he knew what was going on. Dean felt like Cas was about to say something, to reveal that he knew everything and had seen everything, and then what? Dean kept looking at him, irrationally
Dean’s breath hitches, but he tries to hide it by clearing his throat. “When we went to hell to try to find Lucifer, how long had it been since Amara disappeared from the bunker?”
Dean tapped his fingers impatiently against his steering wheel as he drove, not even in time with the music. Billie texted him back, telling him not to worry about it and to feel better soon. Of course she believed him, because he almost never called out. He certainly never called out for one of his hookups.
The truth is that the bunker feels crowded, and Dean is irrationally pissed at Sam for making a friend during all of this, and he’s pissed at himself for not figuring out that Cas wasn’t Cas, and he misses his kid so much that it feels like a knife digging into his chest.
“Uh, money.” Dean winced. “But that’s not—I do it ‘cause I like it. It’s been years since I’ve been laid, Cas. Well, it
“Sounds like a practical joke to me, but I’m happy to help the Winchesters get themselves killed.” His eyes briefly flicker over to Dean before he turns and walks toward a solid wall.
As a brand new fifth grade teacher, he meets a lot of young and middle-aged moms, many of them single but most of them not – but single or not it doesn’t really make a difference. They still all relentlessly flirt with him.
Dean gets up, but he pauses in her doorway and puts his fist against the frame. “Did you talk to Cas about this stuff, too, sweetheart?”
Cas blinks, looks confused, then he smiles softly at Dean. “Thank you,” he says. “How did you do that?”
Cas is sitting in an armchair in the corner of the library, wearing his usual outfit, but with only socks on his feet so he can pull his knees up almost to his chest. He’s reading a book.
Now that Renee didn’t need to save every penny to literally stay alive, she was able to splurge on things like middle aged men’s OnlyFans accounts.
Dean only looked at Charlie as he said, “Oh yeah, funny story. That guy is married to one of my favorite hookups.”
Dean scrubbed a hand down his face and didn’t get up from his desk chair. “It’s weird that we don’t have any world-ending threats to face, isn’t it?” It was the same question he had asked Sam, but he didn’t think Cas would have a similar answer.
Dean and Cas share a look, trying to decide what to do, and in the moment of their hesitation, Amara pulls out a dozen more trees, two dozen, three dozen, and so on.
“OK, the hallucination is once again a nightmare,” Sam says seriously. He closes his laptop and heads toward the kitchen.
Dean shuts his brain off and focuses on driving. He’s never had conversations like this in his entire life, and it’s making his skin crawl, like he needs to escape for some reason.
Dean threaded his fingers up through Cas’ hair. “You should enjoy sex for you, though. My body’s just a body. Who cares.”
Sam shrugged. “Eileen, probably. She makes me feel like I have purpose or whatever. Something to look forward to in life.”
“Cas,” he says, exasperated, lying on his back in the dark. “I need some sleep, and I can’t leave you alone. You’re hurt, and I swear to god if you rip those stitches—just stay on the bed. Please.”
“The fog. You can’t move, can’t breathe, can’t think. And then it’s gone. And then it comes back,” Mildred says like she’s not even aware that Dean is in the room with her.
“You let him go because he’s annoying,” Dean interrupts, his temper close to flaring. “You couldn’t stand the thought of driving back here with him riding shotgun. For fuck’s sake, Cas!”
Castiel didn’t break the kiss as he worked on Dean’s fly, expertly shoving his tight jeans down before leading him over to the bed. Cas still wore his boxers, Dean his black boxer briefs, and Castiel hovered over Dean and kissed him and kissed him.
“Oh my god,” Mary loudly interrupts. “I’m getting a headache.” She grabs a sandwich plate from the counter and bolts out of the kitchen.
None of them say anything as Sam grabs a cold cup of coffee. Dean and Cas look at each other. When Sam leaves, Cas’ eyes find the table again.
Shocked, Dean takes a slow step back from the bed. He looks at Rowena, who just nods at him. He then heads for the door, gesturing at Sam and Charlie to follow him. Out in the hall, Sam tries to say something to Dean, but Dean brushes him off and goes to Amara’s room. He knocks on the door and waits, but she doesn’t respond.
He talked while he worked, telling the camera that he loved jerking off while he drove because there was always that small chance of getting caught, of someone noticing. He loved the danger of it, the naughtiness, and yeah, maybe he also loved his car and associated her with sex. When he was close to coming, he relayed stories of fucking people in the backseat and getting sucked off in the front seat. He exaggerated, of course, and got so caught up in it that he nearly blacked out when he came.
“Uh.” Dean closed his eyes, tried to focus. “The roses around the lion face are for my mom. The forest and, uh, the lion are just, uh—they just look cool, I guess.”
When Sam came in the front door, Dean was waiting for him at the war room table. He had made soup and sandwiches for them both and had put Sam’s in front of the chair he always sat in. As Sam walked down the stairs, Dean took his duffel bag from him and immediately sorted through it to do the laundry.
Castiel watched him for a few seconds before looking down at the paper in his hands. It was a business card with “DEAN WINCHESTER” in black text on white background and a phone number in smaller type underneath. Nothing else. Castiel flipped the card over and then held it up like it was wasted time incarnate.
Sam smiles sadly. “Yeah, I, uh, know we never talk about it, but—I don’t know, I can’t imagine that life now. I don’t regret getting away from
Dean nearly swerves off the road. He looks to the passenger seat and finds a gorgeous and familiar woman smiling gently at him, her hand holding his. He snatches his hand away.
When Dean saw Cas in the library an hour later, he couldn’t make eye contact with him. Cas asked if he was OK, and Dean lied and said yes.
Inside, Eileen asked Castiel a slew of questions about himself and he did his best to maintain eye contact with her despite the fact that she was moving around the kitchen as she cooked. When Sam and Dean talked to her, they used sign language so casually and effortlessly, and it made Castiel feel warm inside to watch Dean use another language. He made a mental note to ask him later if he could speak any others.
Then he just lay there, breathing heavily and running his fingers up and down his stomach, smearing come in a way he would never do without an audience. This was unlike anything he did as a kid; this wasn’t survival or scraping pennies together to avoid his dad’s wrath. This was fun. This was guilt-free release after years of pent up sexual frustration.
“Oh, buddy,” Pati responded with a patronizing pat to his sternum. “Anyway, do you think we have time for you to eat me out before that pizza’s done?”
He took him apart gently, using towels and a generous amount of lube—making sure to ask Dean which bottle to use from the nightstand, which nobody ever took the time to ask despite the fact that there were four different types of lube in there—and propping him up with pillows, repeatedly asking him if he was comfortable, then he put a condom on and made love to Dean slowly and carefully, kissing him and touching him and making sure Dean came first.
Later that night as Dean and Cas curl up in bed together, Dean says, “I was wondering why it was so easy to sneak around lately.”
“I was here, Dean,” Chuck replies easily. “I was hands-on, believe me, I was very hands-on. And it didn’t help like I wanted it to. Things didn’t get better, so I stepped back.”
Cas gave Dean a mug and offered him cream and sugar, which Dean took. Cas asked, “Have you ever read C.S. Lewis’ space trilogy? The first one especially, it’s one of my favorites.”
“Yeah, she just asked me a million times how I’m alive,” Charlie replies. She steps away from Sam’s embrace and smiles up at him in thanks. “I mentioned Amara, and she said she’d come right over here.”
“Get the fuck out of here,” Dean commands. “Whoever or whatever brought you here, I don’t care. I don’t trust you. Leave.”
Dean reaches up and clasps Cas’ wrist from underneath, squeezing it in thanks. It’s something he would do with Jody or with Charlie, but as he does it to Cas he realizes it’s not something he would usually do with a man. He quickly lets go and fidgets in his seat, avoiding eye contact.
Dean feels something unnatural pulling at his eyelids, forcing them to open, but he thinks about Cas screaming inside Lucifer’s head and it gives him the strength to keep them closed tight.
Dean wants to ask Cas in private about the lead, but he never gets the chance. When everybody retires to their rooms, Dean is too chicken to ask Cas where he’s sleeping, and by the time Dean starts casually scoping out the bunker to see where everyone ended up, Cas is gone.
Paula looks down at her hands curiously, then she looks up at Dean and tilts her head to the side, her eyebrows furrowed.
I'm planning to post on Sundays! Hopefully it will be weekly, but I'll try to give updates in chapter notes in case I have to slow down at some point. I'm also trying to be disciplined with chapter length, so expect all chapters to be between 4-6k words.
Just as Sam is about to give his rebuttal, Dean walks into the kitchen and effectively ends their conversation.
“Jesus, are you the gym police? Get off my back.” Dean rummaged through Sam’s clothes and found a dusty pink plaid button down. “Perfect,” he muttered as he took it off the hanger.
Outside, Cas pushed Dean up against the side of the Impala and slotted a knee between his thighs as he kissed him. Dean slouched back against the car, forcing Cas to hold his weight.
Dean sighs and rolls his eyes. “Do whatever it is you’re gonna do, because you obviously knew we would say no.”
Dean sighs. “Awesome.” After a moment, he puts Amara up on his shoulder to burp her, then he asks, “Why’d she come to
“I just learned some new, powerful shit actually,” Dean replies. “But does somebody mind explaining to me what the fuck is going on?”
In the morning, Dean thinks he’s going to wake up alone in bed and be left wondering for the rest of his life if he was dreaming. But instead, he wakes up lying on his stomach with one arm flung over Cas’ chest.
“Let me get this right, you believe that capital-G God wants you to go into the Cage with the devil himself?” Crowley asks.
“She came into the shop asking for some really complicated tufting for her couch pillows, I don’t know. She kept, like, staring at me and then she was all, ‘Are you one of Dean Winchester’s girls?’” Pati imitated in a posh accent.
When they get back to the bunker, Charlie is sitting at the war room table on her laptop with a concerned look on her face. She closes the laptop as soon as they come in.
When she’s almost out of the room, he calls after her and reminds her that she hasn’t placed the order yet. She laughs and hits her forehead. He shows her how to use an iPhone. She calls it ridiculous and asks why they even say it’s a phone when in reality its other uses far outweigh its ability to make calls. He blinks at her.
Once they’ve all settled in the library, it seems they all come to a silent agreement to do research around the clock until they find something.
Water drips to the floor as Dean stomps away, but by the time he gets to his locker his heart rate has slowed significantly.
Mildred rolls her eyes and doesn’t join them at the table. “Stop babying me. You’re making me feel old.”
Muffled through the door, he hears Dean say, “Oh my god, dude, I think Sammy thought you and I were having sex.”
“I don’t know. He’s kind of distant. I know he’s banged up, but he’s just being, uh, weirder than usual.”
“When were you at the gym today?” Sam asked, following Dean all the way to the closet in the master bedroom. “I was there around noon, and Gordon said he hadn’t seen you all day.”
Cas presses a chocolatey kiss to the bolt of Dean’s jaw and moves one hand across his waist, teasing with the waistband of his jeans. Dean grabs his hand, stopping him.
Cas lets out a desperate breath and pushes his hands firmly against Dean’s back, pulling him closer. Dean drops kisses around the collar of Cas’ shirt, then moves up his neck and behind his ear. He still feels drunk, and he thinks there’s no way he would do this sober, and there’s no way he can stop now because if he stops then they’ll have to talk about it, and he absolutely cannot talk about it.
Cassie swirled her tongue around his nipple then dropped butterfly kisses in a line down his rib cage, over his tattoos. “Must be good if you’re ignoring me for him.”
When they get back inside, Dean sets a bunch of toys out in the library and makes sure Amara is fine playing by herself for a few minutes while he looks for Cas. He finds him slumped down in an uncomfortable armchair in his room, a dopey smile on his face while he watches some mindless TV show.
There’s a crash in the hallway, followed by what sounds like a body slamming into something and several heavy objects falling to the floor. Despite what he said to Sam, Dean decides not to explore the noise; he goes to the kitchen table instead, where Cas is watching TV on a tiny screen.
Sam tries to respond, but Dean forcibly cuts him off. "Great," he spits. "Let’s just call up God and ask him what the fuck we’re supposed to do here. Metatron didn’t say anything else? That was it?”
Cas acted the same at the restaurant, showing embarrassing amounts of PDA while they stood in the lobby waiting for a table. He was hugging Dean from behind and had one hand under the hem of Dean’s shirt to palm at his soft belly when Crowley walked through the door with a very tall, blonde drag queen on their arm.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says. “Don’t you think Cas should stay here though? I mean, he’s the one keeping Amara stable right now. No offense, but if she did anything to you or Charlie—”
“I didn’t vote for Reagan,” she blurts out while straightening up in her seat. “But, um, when we were painting our nails Charlie was talking about a girlfriend, or an ex-girlfriend, and so I asked her some questions and, you know, I’ve never met a lesbian before. Well, then, so, Ida May was talking about her daughter, who apparently is also a lesbian, and I said something about Clint being a dad and she corrected me and said they’d have children if they could've but Clint is transgender, and she explained what that was because I wasn’t sure, and I just.” She puffs her cheeks up and blows out a breath. “Things are very different.”
“Yeah, really.” He wags his finger at her. “You had me there, when I figured out how much you were fucking with my head. I thought I finally realized who the enemy was. But you’re not.” He takes a step toward her, but there’s still a vast emptiness between them. “You’re just scared. You could still come home.”
And Dean still feels exhausted, so after he gets the laundry going he heads back to his room and finds Cas exactly where he left him. He stops in the doorway and turns back to the hallway, looking around to make sure Sam isn’t nearby. He quietly shuts the door and grabs a blanket from his closet. He takes his spot back on the bed but turns to his side this time, away from Cas, and throws the blanket over both of them. Cas doesn’t even stir.
Dean wishes he had something to smoke, something to occupy his hands. “I didn’t like you being in Paula’s body either, in case you didn’t notice.”
“We’re good, Dean.” He sounds impatient now. “I definitely feel back to my full strength. And I want to do whatever is necessary to stop Amara.”
sticks in his brain over images of his time raising Amara. He slowed down with her, spent his time with her, and even though she was aging right before his eyes, it felt like he would have forever with her. He hates that he has an endless list of questions for her now that she’s gone; an endless list of regrets, of wondering how he could’ve stopped all of this.
“There was a white sheriff that drove by sometimes,” Clint continues. “We tried our best to stay under his radar, but he’d come by, ask questions, demand a glass of ice tea, you know. He knew the old man. I saw them talking a couple times, seemed real tense. The sheriff was intimidating to everybody, but he seemed to really antagonize the old man. I saw him spit on his shoes once.”
Sam smiled down at the floor as he took a seat at the table. “Yeah, I, uh, told her I’m in love with her.”
“OK,” Dean says calmly. He looks at Sam, who only frowns at him. “You’ll still help with hunts, though, right?”
“Hello, Jody,” Cas greets, turning toward her but keeping his eyes on the baby cradled in his arms. She looks impossibly small in his hold. “Your hair looks very nice.”
Dean clears his throat and sits up on his elbows. Both Charlie and Cas jump and look over their shoulders at him. He gives them a bitchface.
“No. I hate all of it. I hate the gym, I hate lifting weights, I hate being fucking hungry all the time because I have all this stupid, pointless muscle.”
“I’m sorry, am I missing something?” Castiel gestured to the business card. “Is this a normal thing people are handing out now?"
“Yeah, well, we were anxious to get here,” Sam says, looking pointedly at Eileen. “We have some news.”
Dean barely had time to shower and get dressed before Charlie and her girlfriend Stevie arrived. They helped chop vegetables and peel potatoes.
They went to Chipotle after work and stayed there for so long that Dean got up to order more food not once but twice. They agreed to find room in their schedules to hang out outside of work at least once a week.
He cuts him off with a kiss, pushing him back against the small desk and knocking over the radio Cas uses to aid the divers. Dean hopes he was the only one out today. “Thanks for saving my life. What was that you said about thank God I’m alive sex?”
“Hmm. Well, uh, at least we haven’t seen another sign of Dad,” Sam says with a humorless laugh. “I’ll take the weirdness with Mom any day.”
Dean scrubs a hand down his face. He’s not sure why he told Cas about the hunt he and Sam just got back from; he barely remembers any of it himself. Zapped by a witch, he lost his memory over the span of a few days and then was jolted back into an unpleasant reality. Sam had asked Rowena for help, and now it kind of feels like they’ve grudgingly become friends with her.
Dean strokes a hand down his cheeks, feeling his scruff rub against his fingers. If Chuck and Amara both have some semblance of control over time, then they could do any number of things during every second wasted.
“Um. Yeah.” Dean feels heat rise to his cheeks, shame taking over his entire body. “Sorry, buddy, I can’t really, uh, talk right now. I’ll call you later, alright?”
“On the phone,” Charlie replies. After a moment, she asks in a whisper, “What the hell was going on earlier, Dean? Were you hallucinating?”
The way that Cas melts against him, presses his hands tentatively against his back, and then squeezes him hard – it’s like a switch flips in Dean’s head.
Cas went with them, which meant Dean had the bunker to himself for the first time in a month. He wasted no time.
Dean moved his hand from Cas’ shoulder to his hair, stroking his fingers through it. His heart beat evenly in his chest. “Sammy, I’ve liked men all my life.”
“Charlie and Eileen, you two stay here. I’m sorry, but you have to,” Dean says. “Sammy and I have to go see Rowena.”
“I don’t have to listen to you! I could kill you!” The walls of the room shake; gravel falls from ceiling to floor.
Once they get back to Lebanon, Dean speeds even faster toward Clint and Ida May’s house. It hasn’t burned to the ground yet, but it’s on its way. They and their truck are nowhere to be found. Charlie doesn’t answer her phone when Dean calls.
Dean had rules. In the top five was the rule of not seeing any days outside of their designated day, except in the case of waking up next to them in the morning and going home before breakfast. There was no hanging out with one person and then hanging out with another person right afterward.
“Fine, let him die here. Not like I care.” Crowley shrugs. “I guess we all need to start looking for my mother anyway. What’s the brat’s name again? Amara? Shall we play finder’s keepers with her?”
“We had enough information in our system, but you haven’t been to the doctor in a very long time. I wouldn’t be doing this if you actually did a regular physical.”
“We’re celebrating by painting each other’s nails,” Charlie interrupts again. “Only girls allowed. Mary, Cas, let’s go. Party starts now. Dean, bring us snacks.”
“She has a lead.” Cas tilted his head to the side and looked at Dean curiously. “Are you alright, Dean?”
He squeezed her hand and pointed her to a chair in her apartment so he could stretch out her shoulder.
“Please don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about. I’m not stupid. You don’t have to keep your relationship a secret.”
“No, no, Cas, I was just saying that to argue.” Dean goes to the sink and pops a few ibuprofen. “I don’t mind sharing.”
“Amara,” Cas says gently. “You’ve never met Death. It’s OK. But when someone is dead, we don’t expect them to come back. Here, to earth.”
“I hate you! I hate you! I fucking hate you!” Amara screams incoherently as Sam and Dean leave the room.
“Yeah, good to see you, too, Cas,” Jody says, still talking in a dejected tone, grabbing mugs out of the cabinet. “You look good, you been working out? Of course you have, look at you. Yeah, I know, I look good, too. New haircut. Thanks.”
“I met your Tuesday the other day. She’s a real bitch,” Pati said as she picked up her fifth slice of pizza.
Crowley rolls his eyes and groans. “Oh, blah, blah, blah, your unresolved feelings for the angel are going to get us all killed. Do you want to do this or not?”
The thing is that Dean has never seen Cas as anything other than a man. He can’t even properly process that Cas is currently in a female vessel and what that could mean about his gender or what it could mean about the dynamic of their relationship. Cas is family, and he would’ve been family whether he introduced himself to Dean in Jimmy Novak’s body or in another (female) vessel. But he’s also an angel, and Dean thinks even if Cas had been in the hottest woman alive he wouldn’t be able to reconcile Cas’ otherness, the vastness of his being in comparison to Dean’s humanness.
“Like a prayer, I can feel when you’re longing for me. But—I don’t know. With you, I can feel your longing even when it isn’t for me. Sometimes you long for a cheeseburger, and it feels exactly the same as when you long for me. So I wasn’t sure if you…”
“I wish we were the same height,” Dean lamented, still looking through Sam and Eileen’s closet. “All my jeans are so fucking tight.”
Cas picked up the pace, sliding his thumb over Dean’s tip and moving his hand faster, and then thrusting harder and deeper until finally coming inside Dean.
Now. Now would be the time to tell him. “Cas, I’m not—I don’t really do the whole monogamy thing. I don’t know what it is you’re looking for, but—”
Cas slides in and carefully shuts the door behind him. He’s wearing flannel pajama pants and one of Dean’s t-shirts. “Did I wake you? I’m sorry, Sam. I had to do this before your brother wakes up.”
at making coffee,” he announces emphatically before picking up the whole coffee maker and theatrically dumping all of its contents into the sink.
Dean ignores Cas. He walks straight toward his hurt limb. The Impala is nearly completely invisible under invasive vegetation, and Dean pushes down the panic rising in him in favor of tearing at the vines, throwing away the dirt until he reaches his car. The second he touches the handle, more vines crawl out and try to swallow her again.
he made this tape, who he had in mind when he made this tape, who this was really meant for, but the words get stuck in his throat.
“He’s gonna be pissed when he sees the macaroni noodles in the salad,” Dean says with a wink to Cas and a nod toward the table.
Cas folded his hands over his knee and looked down. “Do you feel like you need to have sex every day? Is that why you lived like that?”
A couple of seconds of silence pass before the music quietly pours through the Impala’s speakers. Dean leans his head back against the seat and puts his arm up on the backrest of the bench. His fingertips brush lightly against Cas’ shoulder.
Cas can’t quite hear all the lyrics, but he knows it’s something about being lonely and missing someone and he wants to ask Dean
one. And you’re obviously from one where I’m bad enough at my job to land myself in a goddamn wheelchair. That’s real great.”
Sam elected to ignore it. He didn’t really care if Dean and Cas were secretly fucking as long as they were happy. If things got serious, they would tell him.
Castiel sat in the armchair and peered curiously at Dean. “And you weren’t clear with him? That you didn’t share those feelings?”
Three, he can think of some way of getting Cas back. Trap Lucifer. Ring of holy fire. Appeal to Cas’...heart.
Dean turned sad eyes on Cas, longing to be tucked up next to him on that couch. To Sam, he said, “Nah, I’m gonna stay here with Cas.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, Amara, slow down,” Dean says, going to her and reaching for her shoulders to get her to stop.
Dean pouted at her and backed away from the bar, a drink in each hand. “Maybe I met someone. Maybe they’ll spoil me like you never could.”
Cas squeezes his eyes shut and shudders, his breaths coming out hard and ragged. Dean’s instincts kick in, and he remembers what he used to do whenever Sam got upset when they were little. He tightens his grip around Cas’ neck and presses their foreheads together, holding him steady and taking deep breaths in and out until Cas’ breathing falls in line with his.
He woke up around 4 this morning, downed three cups of coffee, took a look at himself in the mirror and ran his knuckles across his beard. He’s gaunt and tired; the beard hides a lot of it. There’s a little bit of gray in his whiskers, and he really should trim it, but that would require a lot of effort. The truth is that he didn’t grow the beard to hide how bad he looks; he grew the beard because shaving is too much effort.
The truth was that Dean was in shock when Cas came back from the Empty, and he could not believe that this ancient unknowable being actually loved him. But then Cas was human, and ordinary, and he grew more comfortable around Dean as his body filled out. Easy warmth and affection radiated from him, like loving Dean was as natural to him as breathing.
Two more days passed much the same, with Cas coming over after work or in the evening, bringing food, deliberately leaving space between him and Dean and not touching him at all.
As he read the first few chapters about a young woman sabotaging her own life through a series of botched relationships, he wondered if Cas was trying to tell him something.
While Dean holds Amara in a bear hug, Cas uses his grace to clear enough of the greenery away from the Impala so they can get inside. Amara repeats over and over again that she can fix it, but she lets Dean hand her off to Cas so he can keep a hold on her in the backseat while Dean drives over the broken road and back toward the bunker.
Castiel was still staring at Dean. At his backside, more accurately, because he was paying for his food. In addition to the burritos, he ordered a bag of chips and queso and a side of guacamole and one drink.
At the hospital, they meet one patient after another, an overwhelming number of people who were in immense pain or near death and suddenly recovered in the blink of an eye. The nursing staff tells Dean and Cas that they thought it was a bad omen at first, that everyone was simultaneously feeling the last bit of health that the body musters before death, but then all the patients stayed healthy and are now headed home. While they’re interviewing a young boy magically recovered from cystic fibrosis, Cas excuses himself from the room and doesn’t come back.
Dean was sure Cas had just changed at work, but still, he looked good. He wore a simple navy blue button-down and gray chinos, an outfit Dean would never look twice if a stranger were wearing it, what with his shit gaydar.
She came back out to the living room a couple minutes later and explained to Dean that she was having shoulder pain and difficulty reaching things and would he please help her with some strengthening exercises and compensatory strategies and maybe put the TENS unit on her a couple days per week.
, and right now I’m choosing not to do anything.” He gives Cas a wide grin and then takes a dramatic bite of bacon.
“Yeah, uh, that would be great, Cas.” Dean closed the distance between them but stopped right outside of Cas’ personal space.
While Mildred tells them about a ghost she saw several years ago, Sam’s phone rings and he excuses himself out of her apartment. As soon as he leaves, Mildred smiles softly up at Dean and offers him a cup of coffee, then she doesn’t wait for his answer before going to her kitchen and pulling out two mugs.
Jody comes outside a few minutes later, tea in hand. Dean scoots over so she has room to sit next to him on the swing. She doesn’t say anything, just takes a seat and drops her head to his shoulder.
He remembered that he was recording and got back into character, closing his eyes and pushing against his hand. It had only been a few minutes, but he was already close to coming.
“I didn’t take Amara, she came with me,” Rowena says dismissively. “And time isn’t linear, dear boy. Do you even know what the date is?”
Dean doesn’t answer. Sam comes in a second later and says, “Cas is gone. He—it looks like he broke free.”
Startled by the voice, Dean quickly jumped away from Cas and turned to see Cassie standing just a few feet away with an empty basket on her arm.
“I think they are.” He turns fully toward Dean, looking up into his eyes pensively. “I think you did it. You stopped the Darkness.”
“What are we doing?” Dean whispered, desperately pushing back against Cas but only finding the dildo.
“I’ve been watching you since your very first YouTube video,” she continued, ignorant to how embarrassed Dean was by this conversation. She looked between Dean and Cas. “I know it’s, like, a performance you guys do, but it’s amazing that you’re actually together in real life.”
Cas blinked. “He’s gentle and caring, effortlessly selfless, funny, intelligent, resilient but soft. He makes me a better person just through loving others so wholly, I can’t help but want to be like that. He’s beautiful.”
Lucifer pulls back the cloth and looks down at the Hand of God. “You didn’t even really do much to get this, did you? You were just there. Couldn’t even save one person on that ship.” He hovers his hand over the wood. “But let’s see if it was worth it, hmm?”
“Right,” Hannah said. “You’ve never even spoken to him, have you? You just showed him to me because you thought he was good-looking.”
Sam changes the radio station to NPR, his way of passive aggressively ending uncomfortable car conversations.
Sam opened his mouth then closed it, changing his mind. Eventually he said, “I just want you to know that if it’s a woman—a person, you can tell me. That’s all I’m gonna say.”
“You passed out while you were trying to figure out what’s going on in my head,” Dean explains quickly, toothbrush still in his mouth. “I conked out, too, but I got up in the middle of the night and slept on the cot. Didn’t wanna move you.”
“Dean, I’m beginning to feel as if something is off,” Amara says as she starts changing her clothes.
“OK,” Sam says, stepping forward and putting a patient hand to Dean’s chest. “How about we all regroup, maybe head back to the bunker and come up with a new plan?”
“Uh, Charlie,” Sam starts, counting off on his fingers. “Jesse and Cesar, the married couple. Clint is transgender, but that’s different than sexuality, so I’m pretty sure he and Ida May are straight. Let’s see, there’s some people you haven’t met yet...and, uh, Cas is...Well, Cas is just Cas. I never really thought about his sexuality, I always just assumed he’s…”
“Well, it didn’t even knock her out all the way,” Dean mutters. His brain fog is gone, but he feels a fear deep in his gut that he may never again be able to tell reality from a dream as long as Amara is around.
Amara frowns at him. “I can feel it. That bomb in you, I can feel it. You were going to kill me, Dean?”
The ghost showed up after Cas left. It moved quickly, flying from one side of the room to the other, shaking the walls, throwing old kitchen utensils toward the people in the salt ring all in an attempt to break through.
Dean’s heart beat hard in his chest. He needed to ask Cas something he wasn’t sure he could get out. “Um. We like having you here, buddy, but if you, uh, have other things to do, other responsibilities, you know you don’t have to…you don’t have to keep hanging out with us, you know that, right?”
Except for one guy, who was clearly still high, and asked, “Is that dude in the trench coat your boyfriend?”
Dean doesn’t say anything, but there’s an ache in his heart at seeing his mom. He can’t quite place the feeling, but he knows it’s not good.
“She’s so used to being on the road, so I don’t know. We’ll figure it out.” Sam took a big bite and thanked Dean for the food as he was chewing it. Then he said, “Has Cas been by? He told me he was helping Jack move into a dorm.”
Dean looks over at Cas for a second, just enough time to see his Adam’s apple move as he swallows. Dean looks back ahead at the road and reaches across the seat until his hand rests on top of Cas’ knee. Cas folds his hand over top of Dean’s and holds it. They don’t say anything.
Dean, itching to move and sick of being in the same spot for too long, eventually leans over and nips and kisses at Cas’ neck and face, forcing him to eat even slower. Every so often, Cas turns and pecks Dean on the lips in acknowledgment of his ministrations.
Dean rolls his eyes in an attempt to hide his blush. “C’mon, dude, if I was suddenly a hot chick you’d be annoyed about it, too.”
He works in silence, no music or anything, as he meticulously reorganizes all his stuff and puts everything back in its proper place. He scrubs the floor and the walls and throws out pieces of broken furniture, then he goes over the entire room one more time, working until his arms are sore and his hands are red and raw, in an attempt to erase all traces of the destruction he caused. The image of Cas’ bruised and bloodied face sears behind his eyes, and no matter how shiny the surfaces are, he can’t undo what he did to his best friend.
Cas stood in the doorway. “It’s very quiet in this bunker. Should we do something? Do you want to look for a hunt?”
Cassie put her hands to her temples. “Oh my god, I cannot believe we’ve fucked the same fucking guy.”
“Yeah, when both of you guys were worried I was going through a midlife crisis and had a secret girlfriend or whatever the fuck.”
Dean’s house was suspiciously clean. No artwork hanging crooked, no speck of dust on the kitchen counter. There was sufficient furniture that looked cozy and worn in, but no clutter. Even the bookshelves that took up an entire wall of the living room, filled floor to ceiling with books, were neatly organized with the pages of the books facing out instead of the spines. A wall full of off-white paper. Castiel surreptitiously tipped one of the more used-looking hardcovers out at random:
“Right. Yeah.” An image of Charlie swims in his vision. “‘Cause we have such a good track record with friends.”
“Dean. I’m not going to hurt her,” Cas says, reading his mind. Or maybe they were having a silent conversation and Dean didn’t realize it; that happens sometimes. “I want to—I need to be here. She is the most powerful being we’ve encountered in all of our time together.”
“You have somewhere you need to be, or are you just sick of me?” Mildred asked after the millionth time Dean checked his watch.
Dean sits in the emptiness for at least a minute. Then, on impulse, he drops his tone of voice and says, “Billie?”
“What? Oh.” Dean self-consciously rubbed his shoulder. “No, uh, kinda sick of being bruised all the time.”
On the first hunt, Dean nearly broke his arm pushing Cas away from a fight. They ended up fleeing the scene early to take care of the injury.
“Honey, I knew Cas was gay the second time I met him. Sure, he’s definitely more comfortable and open and maybe a little more, uh, effeminate now, but he’s always been pretty clearly gay. No offense, you just weren’t paying attention.”
“Oh, fuck off,” Crowley interrupts. He walks away from Dean and over to the bed. “I might be able to help your angel if you let me take him to hell.”
Tiffany Jackson is a YA novelist who often fucks with time and characters' perception of time, which is something I did not know until after I had written Dean having issues keeping track of time in this fic. I highly recommend her work and I apologize for spoiling an aspect of it here lmao.
Dean ignores her. He pulls away from Cas but keeps a hand on his shoulder and the other around his back, and he takes his time studying his familiar face, happy not to be looking so far down at him.
“Yeah, you, uh, were supposed to be his Thursday. But he keeps breaking all his stupid rules for you, like spending all this extra time with you, and Eileen and I almost never meet his—”
As they turn toward the door to go inside, Crowley appears in front of them with an annoyed expression on his face. He looks from Dean to Cas then back to Dean.
Warning that Dean will continue experiencing side effects that include vomiting and grotesque visions for several chapters to come.
After Mary’s death, Dean didn’t like to be touched. He recoiled whenever John would try to hug him or tuck him into bed at night. When John asked if there was anything he could do to help, Dean didn’t speak. For an entire year, he didn’t speak.
“That’s not a high priority right now,” Cas replies. “Paula is OK in here, and she’s strong enough to hold me long term, if need be.”
Cas walks in the kitchen and nods at Dean as he takes a seat at the kitchen table. Dean keeps his eyes on Cas for a second too long, taking in the green henley, still confused to see Cas without his usual clothes.
“So, what?” Cesar says, arms crossed over his chest and leaning back against a cracked wall. “We’re stuck here. We have no plan. Nothing you’ve tried has worked against her so far.”
Sam and Dean both turn back and see that several people have crowded around Charlie and are pushing her backward, trying to knock her down while they mutter indecipherable phrases over and over again. Dean rushes forward and grabs one of the people, ignoring the way it burns his hand.
Of course, Sam never gets what he wants so two days later he boxes his ears after hearing another desperate and breathy
Once he gets a grip, he remembers to grab Cas’ dirty clothes. What he’s not expecting is for Cas to be in the room when he walks in.
“Hm,” Bobby grunted. He squinted up at Dean from the toilet. “What’s that dopey look for? You got a new boyfriend?”
Dean sighs and stares up at the ceiling. Begrudgingly, he leaves the locker room and heads toward Cas’ office.
He got robbed a couple of times, beaten up more than a couple of times, and busted by cops here and there. He met a lot of sex workers, mostly transgender women, and they helped each other out whenever they could. One woman rescued him from getting in the car with a known creep, and he returned the favor two days later when one of her friends almost fell victim to the same creep. Dean snapped his neck.
Dean chewed his food and dropped a hand to Cas’ shin, gripping it absentmindedly. “Enough to pay a briefcase full of cash for a house if Cas and I find one we like.”
Charlie is asleep. Sam makes a pot of tea while Cas and Dean head to the library. Dean isn’t feeling woozy anymore, but it’s starting to set in that Amara really is gone, so he caves and pulls out the bottle of Jack.
Dean’s heart lurches. His mom had shown signs, had been somewhat of an open book in how desperately she needed time away from Sam and Dean. Charlie, though. She had shown no signs.
Amara reaches up to her own shoulder and points with her index finger, tapping on the spot where her Mark of Cain is.
“I think I can control the fire,” Cas added. “Dean, get everyone to the back door and wait. Eileen will be there.”
“Cas, man, listen to me. I just fucking cried in the bathroom because you took such good care of me. I can have good sex anytime I want it, obviously, but crying after sex is, like, a once-in-a-decade thing.”
Dean goes back in time to stop his mom from making a deal, Cas pulls him back to the present right when it gets too intense.
Dean tries to let it go. It’s easy during the apocalypse not to think about it. It’s easy when he doesn’t see Cas for a year. It’s easy when Cas betrays them, becomes God and disappears for another year. It’s easy when he’s out of his mind in a mental hospital and it’s easy when he doesn’t come to Dean in purgatory.
“Like it or not, you’re my kid, sweetheart,” he says. “And I’d really appreciate it if you didn’t toss me into dream worlds when you don’t get your way.”
Cas raised a limp hand from the bed and pointed halfheartedly toward the closet, then he rubbed his face into the pillow and made a sleepy little noise.
“We are different than most, Amara,” he says. “There are ways to defy Death, and Sam and Dean have discovered most of them. And then there are very special cases of someone coming back from being dead for a reason, like when the will of heaven required Dean to be alive on this earthly plane a few years ago, so I was sent to the depths of hell to forcibly pull him out.” He leans closer to Amara and boops her nose. “Your way of getting Charlie was much safer.”
“Please, Castiel, I didn’t come here emotionally prepared to talk to you,” Crowley replies with a dismissive wave of his hand. “Dean, darling, may I have the baby?”
Dean clears his throat as they break apart. “We’ve turned into the biggest fucking saps. Go, go lift your silly weights.” He shoos Cas out of the kitchen and smacks his butt as he goes. “And hey! Don’t forget to walk your sweaty body through here on your way to the shower.”
“Her name’s Billie. She just—she showed up right here and said Death is ‘out of the picture,’ so the next time we die will be it. No more coming back. She said we’d be thrown into a place called the Empty.”
“Dean,” a voice says behind him, and he doesn’t recognize it until he turns and sees Cas. “It’s her.”
His eyes still squeezed shut, Dean turns into Cas’ embrace and buries his face against his shirt and manages to get one arm wrapped around his back. Cas stands Dean up and half-carries him to his room, setting Dean on his back in bed and then pressing two fingers to his forehead for a long time.
“I’m not wearing a hookup’s clothes, I’m wearing Cas’—oh. Oh, Jesus.” Dean stared off into the distance, his eyes glazing over.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ back and dug his fingertips in. “Do you think we could try, uh, something different tonight?”
It only takes them a couple of days, but they have to painstakingly train Mary how to research and hack into police databases and stop her from knocking on people’s doors to get information that they can easily find online. They can’t figure out what the monster is at first, because children keep attacking people, and there’s too much terrible lore about children being used as monsters, so they have to sift through it carefully. It ends up being just a ghost that possesses children.
Once Dean had cleared his second plate, Castiel offered to cut the pie. He felt unjustly anxious that they wouldn’t like it, and he was glad that he could reassure himself that Claire had done most of the work and was an excellent baker.
Dean sat up on the side of the bed with a groan, keeping the duvet wrapped around his head. “I left her place pretty early. Do we
Early the next morning, Dean wakes up to the sound of his phone ringing. He fumbles for it, knocking it to the floor and grunting as he shifts over to the side of the bed and picks it up. He sits up, rests his elbows on his knees and scrubs a hand down his face as he says into the phone, “Yeah, Cas.”
“No,” Dean scoffs. “C’mon, dude. I’m sure the kid’ll be thrilled to get some real food instead of whatever rabbit food crap you and Eileen feed him.”
He hasn’t heard Dean laugh like that in a long time, so he pauses and cranes his ear toward the door.
It’s sloppy and too fast and Cas is breathing heavy and whispering, “I love you,” over and over right against Dean’s mouth and it’s all too much and not nearly enough.
Dean puttered around the kitchen while he waited, tempted by the assortment of sugary cereals Cassie kept on top of her fridge, but he thought about Mykonos and was able to resist.
Dean squeezed his shoulder and then turned back to the counter. “We’ve got a guest room set up for you, if you wanna watch TV or rest or anything.”
“Not, like, in a bad way. You’re just really thin. I think some weight would be good.” Sam took another bite of his sandwich. “I didn’t wanna say anything, but your appetite has been weird for, like, two years. You drink more than you eat.”
Cas is wearing a pair of black joggers and a faded pink tank top, a denim overshirt sitting on the counter. A long chain rests against his chest between his big pecs, three rings hanging from them. Two of the rings are Dean’s old ones, and the third is a new one Dean picked out for him when they moved into their house together.
In the morning, Dean has to hide how badly his back hurts so that Cas can’t give him some compassionate version of “I told you so.” Just like the previous morning, Sam comes in with Amara, but this time he’s given her a bottle and is holding her confidently in his arms. Dean stands at his sink and washes his face.
Dean goes on high alert, grabbing his gun out of his waistband and signaling to Cas to stand behind the wall at the bottom of the stairs. Clint and Ida May get the hint, too, and find places to hide and wait.
Sam insists on doing all the tests right there in the front entrance, while Cas, Clint and Ida May wait at the bottom of the stairs.
“I understand that it’s embarrassing, especially for Sam to know. But you know how I feel about it.” Cas smiled and squeezed his love handle.
“I’m sorry.” Cas pulls back, a pained expression on his borrowed face. “I’m sorry you have to do this. I’m sorry we couldn’t...raise her better.”
It becomes quickly apparent that the people who died did so violently, and randomly, and most likely by Amara’s hand. Their deaths don’t fit the mold for any other monster, and there’s nobody at the nursing home that could have feasibly killed three people in such a short amount of time. The problem is they can’t figure out why she would have done it, since it directly contradicts everything else she’s doing.
Sam turns and returns the greeting, still thrown off guard by Cas’ pajama pants and old t-shirt despite the fact that he’s been human and staying in the guest bedroom for a couple of weeks now. Cas sits at the kitchen table and tiredly runs a hand through his messy hair. Sam wonders if Cas thinks it’s weird that Dean’s not up yet, but he doesn’t ask.
“Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me!” Charlie shouted, annoyed, as she stalked away from the bar and out onto the dance floor.
“No, I don’t think so. I think the best anybody can hope for is to find peace in the end, in whatever way you can.”
The man turns quickly and charges slowly at Dean, forcing him to walk backward, while the man says in a clipped tone, “Was it worth it? Was getting her back worth it? We’re all dead, but you got your precious Charlie back. Was it worth it? What’s it like being the center of the universe? What’s it like having every powerful being in existence fall in love with you? What’s it like getting everything you want from them?”
Crowley growled but turned on his heel and left. As he drove out of the neighborhood, he threw the food out the window, scattering it all over the street.
Inside the box is a metal key chain with an intricately twisted design made from blunt nails, bolts, washers and other such hardware. The pattern is beautiful, and it’s held together by some shiny gold material. It doesn’t look like something bought.
Sam huffs a laugh and grabs an apple from the fridge. “It’s weird, right? I mean, wasn’t the world ending yesterday? Weren’t you about to die?”
He’s curious about what’s on it, because he’s sure he made it in his 20s to woo some weekend girl, but he has no memory of this one specifically.
“Do you remember the day in the sun, when we lay in the dewy grass out front and played I, Spy with the shape of the clouds?”
Dean’s heart is beating rapidly against his rib cage. Cas looks at him curiously. He can probably hear his heartbeat, feel it.
“Oh. Um. Go ahead and finish it.” Dean stood and patted Cas’ shoulder on his way out of the room. “I’m hitting the sack. Night, Cas.”
“No,” Dean says. “It’s Amara. She showed me some things.” He clears his throat. “Sammy, did you manage to help anybody?”
The first video in the driver's seat of his car, Renee knew the shame had to be an act. Or at least that he was aware of it. The candid way he described driving by himself late at night on mostly empty roads, turning himself on with the thought of being caught with his dick out, he had to know how it sounded. That he was a naughty boy and needed to be punished, that he deserved humiliation.
Cas asks Jody about the girls, which gets her on a long-winded rant, so Dean kisses Cas’ hair and heads out the back door with Raven. He walks across the porch and takes a seat on the porch swing and watches as Jack stands in front of a flower, says something to it, then moves onto the next flower and says something else.
Cas fights his smile and fails. He runs a hand up through Dean’s hair, which Dean is growing out, because Cas likes to touch it. “I love you so much, too.”
“For what?” Cas asks, and Dean can’t help but notice how his eyes jump to his lips like he’s mad they stopped.
“So Rowena and Crowley just showed up at the front door, and Eileen is playing the perfect host and making them a pot of tea in the kitchen right now,” Charlie says. “And, uh, they told us what happened, so I started, uh, well…”
The movie kind of sucked, so they moved to a corner in the back row and whispered through the entire thing. They shared a large popcorn, and Dean drank his weight in Coke slush.
“Yeah. Alright. I’ll wait up for you. Love you, too, Cas. Oh, and hey! I’m making burgers tomorrow night. We can go to the store together if you want. Yeah. I know. Text me when you’re on your way. Yeah, love you. Can’t wait to see you, too. Uh-huh. Love you, too. Yep.”
When they got to Dean’s house, he didn’t even wait until they were in the door before he continued complaining about Carl Sagan and how if C.S. Lewis was annoyingly religious in his sci-fi and fantasy then Carl Sagan was downright unbearable in his anti-religiousness and maybe both of them should’ve just—
They all get to the floor, moving to the walls for cover, and Dean fumbles to pull his phone out of his pocket. He drops an SOS and his location to Charlie so that Crowley can transport them all from the bunker to Biggerson’s.
Sam looks at Cas, and there’s pity etched into his features under the dim outdoor light of the motel. “Yeah. Like a guardian angel.”
A nasty coven of witches outside of Salt Lake City, a week and a half to take care of them. Sam and Dean ate every meal at the same shithole walking distance from the motel, and Dean itched with want every time their server, a beautiful plump brunette woman in her mid-40s named Angela, smiled at him and asked if he wanted more coffee.
“The house is going to be fine, and Clint and Ida May are going to be rich,” Charlie announces. She brings her arms together, petting the cat against her chest. “They’re heading out tomorrow to assess the damage, and then it’s paperwork and insurance payouts, baby.”
They kissed slower this time, not as desperately. It was hard to know how much time passed when they heard muffled voices through the walls, followed by Sam shouting, then a scream, then running.
“Dean, I didn’t know you were ever in the ER. What happened?” Ellen asks from the other end of the table.
on his way in the door, calling to Gordon as he passed the front desk, “Is this an acceptable book for the other guys to maintain their fantasies of me?”
Charlie runs in a second later, also with blood on her. “We need more warding,” she says seriously. “Someone help me with warding.”
“Stick welding? You strike an arc with your wire and it creates an electrical reaction and melts the metals together. Cas, I’m really sooty, can we just–”
“Yes, she was fine,” Cas says. “She has a coven in Texas. She texted me when she got back to them, actually, and said they all would give permission for me to use them as vessels, if need be.”
“We have a rewards card if you’d like one. As a married couple, you’d only have to sign up for one,” the guy says casually, and Dean chokes on air.
He was too embarrassed after accidentally saying Cas’ name. He posted a couple of short videos of himself using dildos, and some of the commenters kept pressing him about Cas. People
She falls into them, turning her head to press it firmly against his shoulder while she hugs him. He rubs her back and squeezes her, then he scoops her up and holds her in a tight embrace.
Just as he feels like he’s about to lose it, two small fingers press to his forehead and he opens his eyes to see Amara smiling gently at him.
Cas places a gentle hand on Dean’s bare hip and rubs his thumb in circles against his skin. “I just think...I think about how perfect Jack is, and how if I was still an angel and could’ve borrowed a female vessel for a while, then maybe we could’ve…”
Jesse reaches out for Cesar’s hand then brings it to his lips for a casual kiss. “For almost a decade.”
Chuck snaps his fingers, and Sam and Eileen appear behind him, breathing heavily and leaning on each other until they realize that they’re back in the bunker. They look down at themselves and press their hands to their own bodies, checking for injuries and finding none.
And Sam went all gooey-eyed at them and completely forgot that he was supposed to be mad at Dean for holding them up.
Dean looks at him. “Yeah, it’s really fucking weird. I feel like we need to, I don’t know, take her on a hunt with us or something.”
Dean wanted to get up, to leave, but his body was stuck in place, naked and pathetic in Crowley’s arms. “Please, Crowley. Don’t push me.”
“Because I just got to hold my daughter when I thought I never would again,” Dean replies. “Thank you.”
Dean says sure and opens the door for him, placing a hand on his shoulder and leading him into the backseat, then squeezing the shoulder for good measure and mumbling that he’s glad Cas is OK.
Dean balks at the honesty but doesn’t say anything. He leans forward and folds his hands on top of the table. Somewhere in the direction of Sam’s room, a door opens and closes.
“No, nothing,” Dean replies. “Look, I’m still pretty beat from, uh.” Dean pats the inside of his right forearm. “I’m sorry we’re just kind of stuck here, but we can’t exactly go anywhere with a baby in the backseat, and we need to be here whenever Cas shows up anyway. So I’m gonna get some shut-eye. Wake me up if the kid needs anything.”
It hurts like hell to sit, so Dean chooses to stand instead. The doctor sits at a fancy computer and starts clicking around and pulling up files that make no sense to Dean.
While Sam shows Cas the baby, Dean calls Crowley and gets his voicemail. He calls him twice more before giving up.
“Oh hell yeah,” Dean said, using the reacher to get a bag of chips off the coffee table. “This is a solid OT solution right here.”
Cassie laughed then looked between them. “Yeah, actually, I never thanked you, Dean. I’m honestly not sure how I would’ve responded to finding out my husband was a closeted bisexual if I hadn’t been hooking up with a bisexual every weekend.”
Sometimes Cas leaves for a few days or even a week at a time, and Sam thinks maybe it’s because he still doesn’t exactly feel welcome or think of the bunker as
As they made their way back inside, Castiel said, “Impressive that you can be that intimidating with a broken foot.”
“OK, so who else in our family fights monsters? Is it just you and me, are we all each other’s got?”
“Sweetheart, I’m already going soft just from a week of no exercise. I’ll look like the Pillsbury Doughboy if I cancel my gym membership.”
Cas turns the stove off and moves the eggs over to a different burner. His hands, now free, fold over top of Dean’s. He laces their fingers together.
After Sam and Eileen left, Dean turned to his side in Cas’ arms. They lay together quietly for a while, Cas’ hand moving in a gentle rhythm against Dean’s arm while Dean drifted.
“That’s very sweet of you, Dean,” Jesse said. “But you don’t have to worry about us. What about you? How do you feel about this?”
“Oh hell,” Bobby said loudly, looking at Dean through the mirror. “I wanted one of the pretty ones, not your candy ass.”
Fury flashes across John’s face. When Dean doesn’t react, the fury changes to fear. He lets Dean go.
Dean sits back on his heels, putting some distance between them. “You were infected. You’ve been infected this whole time, and you didn’t say anything.”
Dean thinks he drifted off for a minute, but it’s hard to tell. He opens his eyes and feels the removal of Cas’ fingers from his forehead, and he tries to turn his head to look at Cas but it’s too heavy to move.
“Dean,” Cas says seriously, looking up as soon as Dean enters the room. “I was going to tell you—I think I found a lead.”
"Weren't you gonna ask Cas to take a look inside your brain? Did he do that before he left?" Sam asks.
He finally kisses him on the mouth, solid and sure. He pulls away before Dean can really get into it, and he looks up at the ceiling with a mischievous smile.
Sam huffed a laugh and stood, reaching down for Eileen’s hand. “And that’s our cue to leave. Dean, I’m gonna start asking you for money.”
“You’re a welder,” Cas states as soon as he’s standing outside of Dean’s garage looking like an idiot.
While Dean hurried around the house taking a duster to every surface, Cas sat on the couch with a blanket over his lap reading a book.
He pulled the creamer out of the fridge and dumped a generous portion into his coffee. “I can’t afford the calories, dude. C’mon.”
When Dean finishes cleaning the kitchen, he heads to the living room where they’ve set up a workspace to help hunters out. Sure, it would be easier to do the job from the bunker, but Dean and Cas wanted their own space, a homier environment for hunters to stop by and rest. They have a room for Jack, a room for Claire and Kaia, and two extra bedrooms for anybody else who shows up—although, one of the rooms is half-full of Cas’ exercise equipment.
Star Tattoo took his time, playing it up for the camera yet clearly self-conscious and nervous throughout. It was insane how well he simultaneously portrayed confidence and shame.
Dean cracked it the smallest amount, his body still tangled with Cas. “We’re a little busy here, Sammy.”
Mary immediately stuffs her face and sings Dean’s praises with her mouth full. Sam looks at her, slack-jawed, but doesn’t say anything.
“You’re sober,” Sam argued. “You’ve been eating vegetables and drinking water. You’re always looking at your phone, and you sneak away to your room and blast your music like a teenager going through puberty. What’s her name, Dean?”
Dean doesn’t respond right away. He doesn’t want to say what he thinks, which is that Sam is turning into Bobby, and where does that leave Dean? Just one of many hunters taking up space in the bunker?
Dean shook his head. “I had pancakes for breakfast this morning. Like, 10 goddamn pancakes.” In a conspiratorial whisper, Dean added, “And I didn’t work out today.”
Dean is typing on his laptop when Cas clears his throat from the hall. Dean looks up immediately, raking his eyes up and down Cas’ glistening, swollen body as he walks shirtless toward their bedroom.
“What? Did we—I’m sorry, Cas, I gotta get going.” Dean stumbled up from the bed, looking around the room for his clothes, but he stopped when he caught Cas staring at him. “Cas.”
“Hmm.” Cas crossed his legs in the armchair again, folding his hands over his knee. “Do you want to be a father one day?”
He wouldn’t have heard it if the window in his kitchen wasn’t open and he wasn’t at the sink washing his hands right at that very moment. As it happens, it was and he was, and so he easily caught the image of his new neighbor across the street – his face 100 percent
He holds it together all the way back to the bunker—he has to, because Cas looks like he’s on the verge of death, and Dean needs to be able to help him. On the way, he texts Sam one of their codes, a single word that means life-or-death emergency.
“Uh, what you said about me to Bobby. That’s—well, it was just—you know, it was...” He cleared his throat. “Yeah.”
Dean nearly dropped his toothbrush in his rush over to the door. “Cas, hey,” he said. “I didn’t know you were here.”
Cas moves his fingers away from Dean, but they drag a bit across his skin before they’re gone. Cas tilts his head to the side. “Do you still feel a need to kill, like you did with the Mark of Cain?”
“No. No, of course not, Dean.” Cas put his elbow on the table and hunched over, running his hand up through his hair. “As I said before, I don’t really think much about sex. If I want to have sex with someone, it’s usually because I feel like they want to have sex with me and I should provide them with the opportunity. And then it takes a lot for me to, uh, build up the courage to do it because I don’t know what’s good and what isn’t.”
When he finally snapped out of it, he turned back to his car only to notice another of his neighbors, Donna, out of the corner of his eye. She was staring after the new neighbor, too – her jaw slack and her coffee spilling right onto her shoe.
He shakes his head. “I mean, I helped raise Amara, too, but it felt like a duty. Like a really weird, long job we were on. I never felt like her father.”
When he finally got to the bar, his Saturday was shooting pool by himself and already had two empty beer bottles on a tall table against the wall.
Dean huffs a laugh and realizes he’s too tired to lie. “No. And it’s not—” he gestures to the bruises on his face, “—it’s something else. I haven’t kept anything down since I lost the Mark. Food, beer, nothing. All comes right back up.” He closes his eyes and rubs the one that’s less bruised. “Everything tastes like shit, and I’m sleeping, like, three or four times longer than normal.”
“I’m having visions,” Sam says ominously. “And I mean within the last few minutes. I nearly busted the door down, Dean, I thought you had...I don’t know what I thought.”
Dean laughed and gripped Cas’ arms, rubbing them reassuringly. “I’m patient. Please? Just this once, to see if I like it?”
Dean bristles, tries not to lose his shit. His hands feel like they’re on fire. “No bars?” He turns back toward Sam. “No bars. That’s his excuse. Wow.”
As Dean wheeled through the hallway, he felt a splitting headache and had to stop and close his eyes. Images flashed through his brain, mostly of him and Cas, and then they abruptly stopped and he felt fine. The phone was still ringing.
“You’re grounded,” Dean says. “You’re not allowed to come out of this room until you’re ready to apologize.”
Charlie tries to placate Dean by putting a hand on his forearm; it just makes him madder. He petulantly moves his arm away from her.
His eyes flicker up in response, surprised that someone else is in his safe little domain. It’s the shape of his own vessel looking back at him, the expression on his own face alerting him that it’s Lucifer talking to him.
Dean pulls at the hem of one of the sleeves, pointing out where Cas snipped it with scissors. “Cheater.”
“I suppose we’ll need to do a clothing exchange soon,” Cas said grimly, pulling at the oversized shirt.
By Sunday afternoon, Dean had read four of the books Cas had given him. He hadn’t really moved from his couch since getting home from the doctor on Friday night.
And if Dean were a better man, maybe he would tell Cas that he couldn’t kill him, either. That under the influence of the Mark, he held an angel blade above Cas’ face and ultimately could not do what the Mark was telling him to do.
They went to bed somewhat early and had slow, easy sex followed by slow, easy caressing. As they were winding down to go to sleep, Dean lay on his back and Cas pressed up against his side and ran his fingertips along the planes of Dean’s softening abdomen. Dean felt like he should say something, explain himself, tell Cas about the six pounds, but Cas was touching him so perfectly that it seemed like a moot point.
“Sam. The visions he was having of the Cage made me curious, so I contacted Rowena and snuck in without Crowley knowing.”
"No, no, what is it? Why are you acting like I've got a girlfriend back home I cheated on? Do you know something I don't?"
Pati put on one of Dean’s big t-shirts, which hugged her round belly but was long enough to cover her ass. Dean wore just his boxer briefs while they ate pizza on the couch, as Pati insisted on being able to ogle his body whenever she wanted.
Dean took a long drink of wine, trying to get himself into the right headspace to deal with Bela for the rest of the evening. He tried to remind himself that the sex was worth it, the sex was worth it, the sex was—
Dean kept sifting through his closet, only in his boxer briefs now, and let out a frustrated shout. “I hate all these fucking clothes,” he said out loud to no one.
“You don’t see people casually,” Claire argued as she poured dry ingredients together into a bowl. “You don’t see people at all actually. Wait, no, I didn’t even know you were gay until right now.”
“Why do you talk? You’re so ugly when you talk.” Dean scooted away from her and her billowing smoke. “I hate you so much.”
Dean drinks his beer and takes two attempts to swallow it. It feels like sludge going down his throat. He adjusts the ice on his face, hoping that Cas and Sam don’t notice that he’s struggling.
Giving up, he took a quick shower, twisted his hair up in a towel and threw on a long robe and sandals before walking over to Sam and Eileen’s and pounding on their door. Dean used to have a key to their house, but Sam revoked his rights to one after the third spare he lost.
“Wake up, sunshine.” Dean flicks his ear then says without thinking, “Bed’ll still be here tonight.”
When they’re about 10 miles from the bunker, Dean starts to feel lightheaded and woozy. He squeezes the steering wheel as tight as he can and worries his bottom lip between his teeth until it bleeds, then he does the same with the inside of his cheek. The metallic taste in his mouth and the self-inflicted pain keep the terrible visions and the nausea at bay, hopefully long enough to get back to the bunker.
“If you weren’t real, you would’ve just told me everything I wanted to hear and done everything I needed you to do,” Dean finishes.
“Uh, good. She’s taking a morning nap right now. Sounds like you’ve got everything under control, but let us know if you need anything, alright? Bye, Sammy.”
“No.” He pouted. “Only Tuesday, but it makes the sex really good. And Wednesday kind of hates me but that’s only because they’re in love with me and really mad about it. Aaron just thought I was insane. He only ever wanted to smoke weed and play video games.”
“Well, that’s OK,” Dean said, trying to sound casual despite this earth-shattering revelation. “It’s not like we need you to fix anything for us.”
They’re quiet in the car, just the sound of Dean’s music playing from the radio, and they fall into an easy rhythm as they go from house to house pretending to be journalists.
Jody and Donna were over at the parallel bars, co-treating a patient that required two people to complete sit-to-stands.
“Ah, so now that you’ve finally slowed down and stopped being so hard on yourself, you realize what you want in life?”
He forcefully picked it up and stomped his way over to Sam and Eileen’s, knocking urgently on their door.
Things go hazy while Amara’s knocked out. Dean almost feels like he’s drunk, like everything is a bit out of focus and he can’t quite keep track of what he’s saying or doing.
When Dean was old enough to sit in a high chair at meals, Mary got in the habit of patting his head (which eventually turned into ruffling his hair – once he grew hair) after setting food in front of him.
Jesse and Cesar sit in the backseat of the Impala and bicker relentlessly while Cas tries to catch them up on the situation. Dean calls Charlie then Crowley, letting them both know to be ready when the time comes.
He woke with a start in the middle of the night and found Cas curled up in the armchair, sound asleep.
Dean stopped him and wrapped him in a hug, burying his face in his neck. “Oh, like you wouldn’t run into a burning building for me.”
Dean immediately removes his army jacket and rolls up the sleeves of his open flannel to his elbows. He pulls the simple chain he sometimes wears under the collar of his t-shirt out so it rests visibly against his chest, shiny silver against black.
The kid’s already got him wrapped around his little finger. Maybe Sam’s just – it’s all too much all at once, and he needs somebody to take care of, or to care about. He needs somebody – not to replace all he’s lost, but to maybe fill some of the holes inside of him. Jack could do that for him.
Dean looks at him with one hand still on his arm and the other on his waist. Cas begins to move back, away from the embrace, but Dean wraps a hand around the back of his neck and pulls him in for a kiss.
Dean bit his bottom lip, overcome with affection. “Look, man, I like hanging out with you. But I have a lot of other people in my life, and I’m not, uh, interested in giving those people up, you know?”
The first night there, Dean checked his videos while Cas stood outside on the balcony talking on the phone with Jack for more than an hour.
“If you’re ever in the area again, call me anytime, babe. That tongue of yours is almost as good as a woman’s.”
“Ordering dinner.” Mary looks up from the takeout menu with bright eyes. “You can do that over the phone, can’t you?”
Cas had a concerned look on his face, and a big stack of books under his arm. “Um. I’m sorry.” His eyes flickered down to Dean’s bare torso, then farther down to Dean’s crotch, then back up to his face. “I was waiting for you to respond, but I was driving by here on my way home from work—I have to work late this week—so I figured I would just stop by. I brought books.”
“Yeah, I guess. Like I said, it was nice.” He almost brings up what he overheard earlier, and maybe a better version of him would be fine teasing Charlie for talking to Cas about how mean he can be, but he’s not a better version of himself, he doesn't really know how to talk about his relationship with Cas, and so he doesn’t say anything else.
“I mean, older guys always text me back. Immediately. Not that he’s old, I mean, he’s just four years older than me, but I don’t get left on read like this. At least not before I’ve told the guy I’m bi and not gay, I don’t. Look at me, do I look like a guy who gets left on read?”
He remembered this time to text his Sunday, telling them that he might be later than usual. They texted back right away, assuring him that he could show up at their house whenever he pleased.
Cas snorts a laugh and tucks back into his stack of pancakes, pouring more syrup over them before taking a bite. Dean watches him, obsessed with the dainty way he holds his fork.
Cas drops his head and laughs lightly. Dean knocks back the rest of his drink and immediately feels it coming back up. He folds over himself, head between his knees, and tries to breathe through the waves of nausea. His eyes closed, he sees an image of Amara again, but she’s older this time, elementary-school aged. She laughs and smiles, and as her smile widens her lips stretch grotesquely across her cheeks and split her skin apart all the way to her ears until her jaw drops down, away from the upper half of her mutilated face.
“Cas, what do you think?” Dean asks, his focus still on Amara, applesauce smeared on her face. “Any theories why she’s aging so fast?”
“Funerals always make me feel a little lost,” he explains. “And a lot lonely. You know what I mean?”
“Castiel, show yourself!” Dean tries again, desperate. “Expel him! You’ve got to kick Lucifer out! Do you hear me?”
After a few more minutes, Dean’s hand slowed, then stopped. His breathing evened out, then a light snore overtook him. Castiel finished the movie then carefully retrieved the remote and clicked on a documentary he’d been meaning to watch. He sat perfectly still and let Dean sleep.
It was taking too long to come, and he whimpered with his face smashed into the sheets, desperate for release that his body refused to provide. He bit his lip to stop himself from calling out Cas’ name, but he was on his mind—
Lucifer in Cas’ body comes in a second later, his face and hands bloodied. He doesn’t even look at Dean and Cas.
Lucifer smiles at him. “You know Castiel chose this, right? He couldn’t take it anymore. Your obsession with the Darkness and how you let it consume you so much that you couldn’t even leave home without losing your mind. When was the last time you really even
Benny turned 40 this year, and was definitively a bear with his hairy face and body and his prominent beer gut. He had only been Dean’s Saturday for about a year, but they had known each other since Dean was in his early 20s and had no idea who he was and was playing the part of a gay twink.
“Amara, whatever’s going on with you and Chuck, you have to figure that out, alright?” Dean pleads. “Don’t make me do this. Please.”
Dean knows, the next day, that Cas notices that the alcohol’s gone. He doesn’t say anything about it.
They ended up snuggled on the couch together, and after yet another book club meeting between the two of them, the conversation died down and they each silently began reading their own books.
“No,” Sam answers definitively. “I know we’ve had our ups and downs, but I can’t imagine doing anything else.”
He took a ragged breath and continued, “And Jack doesn’t either. And then Sam’s gonna tell you that he needs you to get your shit together, and it’s not because he needs your help saving the world or even just needs your help on a hunt, it’s because he wants to get married, wants to marry Eileen, so you’re gonna put your sorry life back together enough to be the best man at your brother’s wedding, and that’s when you’re gonna realize that there’s more to your shit life than the selfish things that you want—things like, I don’t know, being able to walk? And having Cas.” He closed his eyes. “You’re gonna realize that Cas meant that he was
It happens a dozen times in a week before Sam has had enough and decides to bring it up at breakfast.
“Yeah, we’re good.” Dean grabbed a bag of tortilla chips from the kitchen and joined Cas on the couch. “I didn’t wanna go for a run anyway, I hate running.”
Sam frowns at him. “I wouldn’t.” He turns his big body to fully face Dean, blocking his path out of the room. “You can tell me anything, Dean. I’m done with secrets between us. I know things have been crazy with Amara the past, god,
“It’s strange, how my brain constructed this place,” Cas answers. “I must feel safely confined here.”
Dean huffs a laugh. “It never even registered to me that you usually do that.” He runs his fingers along the small, even scar on Cas’ abdomen. “Wow, this looks good. The guy who stitched you up must’ve known what he was doing.”
“This isn’t about Cas. You’re gonna fix Cas,” Dean says. “And if you don’t fix Cas, so help me, not only will I kill you, I’ll make sure Crowley lives forever. Eternal life for Crowley, just to piss you off.”
This is the end of part 1, as I'm splitting parts up by seasons. The other seasons will most likely be shorter than this one like phew this was longer than I originally planned lol. Sorry for the delays, I'm trying to map this thing out properly so it's going to take some time before I start posting the next part.
“I know. I’m sorry. I know it’s so much worse for you, and I—I’m sorry, Mom.” He smiles sadly at her. “How’s it been at the bunker?”
Delphine has supernatural warding carved into her body, which has to be cut out if Dean has any hope of getting back to his life.
The only time the moms make Cas feel heat rise in his cheeks or pride swell in his chest is when they ask if he’s got a sweet wife back at home.
Dean pinches a sliver of his love handle and leans down to kiss his cheek. “I’ll bring you a cup. Go back to sleep, sweetheart.”
Dean manages to get a couple more interviews in, but the people who came back to life are sequestered in their rooms and being monitored by the nursing staff, so he doesn’t try to push his luck. As he’s walking toward the front entrance to find Sam, he hears loud clanging behind a door labeled “Storage,” so he pushes his way inside and pulls his gun on a young woman holding a knife to Sam’s throat. She doesn’t even turn when Dean comes in, or when he shouts at her to drop the knife.
Cas laughs gently on the other end. “I’ll be in touch, Dean. How are things going with your mother?”
Cas quirks an eyebrow at Dean. “I’m very old. And I’m an angel. Sometimes I have responsibilities with other supernatural beings.”
“I don’t think I found anything in your head last night,” he says. “My memory of it is foggy, but I think I would remember if anything significant happened.”
It’s more of the same inside. Dean wants to get to Mildred, but the independent living facility is through several hallways and on the complete opposite side of the inpatient rehab clinic, and the fog is moving in such an eerily conscious way that Dean has a fleeting image of the smoke monster from
Dean ran his tongue along his top teeth. “OK, you are me.” He pushed his wheelchair forward and moved the shotgun from his lap to the table. “And you must be from 2020.”
“No, no, no, actually the opposite. I feel a lot better, and I’m wondering...I mean, if you could take a look and see if anything looks different in there, like if it looks tidier, like some of the trash has been taken out.”
When they get outside, it’s dark. Dean has no idea how long it’s been since he’s slept or ate, he has no concept of what time it is, but he thinks it might as well be dark, of course it’s dark.
“Yeah, ‘cause that would be unheard of, right?” Sam says sarcastically. “Wait, what am I forgetting? Oh right, Lilith.”
Sam sounds worried. Dean does his best to reassure him that he’s fine, that he accidentally hung up on Cas because he dropped his phone, but he can tell Sam doesn’t believe him.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and tries to find his patience. “Amara, did you set Clint and Ida May’s house on fire?”
“Was your friend OK with you ditching them?” Dean asked as he stood at the kitchen counter finishing his food. Hannah was right: all of it was for him and he was halfway through his second burrito now.
“C’mon, it couldn’t’ve been that bad,” Dean muttered against his skin. “They loved you. And I loved that pie.”
“I know, Mom. You take all the time you need, we’ll be here.” Dean is glad he’s driving. It’s easier to have this conversation while looking ahead at the road.
“I can’t believe you guys raised the antichrist and didn’t call me,” Claire says as she looks down at her phone and twirls a strand of hair around her finger. “Or at least Jody. Jody would’ve been all over that.”
His first video had 10,000 views. There were all kinds of comments, mostly praising Dean for his size, but a lot of people also had opinions on what he should do next. Most people wanted more from him, begging for more videos. A thrill went through him at the thought of being wanted.
. He’s just heard them, individually, say each other’s names. While making sexual noises. Individually.
worse, than Dean when it comes to rules. He doesn’t allow food or drink or trash of any kind in its beautiful interior, and there are
Dean wants to protest, to tell her that he and Sam have been imitating law enforcement for so many years now that it’s hard to convince people that they’re
“No, I was.” Dean laughed humorlessly. “I’m fucking selfish, dude. He’d always say it was fine and that I was giving him enough, and I don’t know. I should’ve been the bigger person or whatever, but I’m shit at that.”
“Mm, a vacation sounds nice.” Cas moved his hand away from Dean’s, opting instead to rub back and forth across his softening chest. “Do you want to go for a walk today?”
“Sam. You’re back,” Cas says. He sits up on his elbows and frowns down at the blanket. “I don’t remember falling asleep in here.”
“Charlie and the Lerners are back, they brought groceries and they’re making dinner now.” She frowns at him. “Honey, I don’t mean to pry, but I’m still kind of confused about you and Cas. You’re sure you aren’t...Um, after everything you and Sam explained to me, you know it would be OK with me if you and Cas were…”
“Hey, sweetheart, c’mere,” Dean replied, closing the distance between them and wrapping Cassie in a tight hug.
She finally looks at him. Her face relaxes into a smile. “It’s OK. Let it take us. It might feel good.”
“I heard yelling,” she says. Then, because she’s only a couple weeks old, and she’s spent her entire short life bringing out the best in Dean, she says the impossible: “You never yell.”
Castiel knocked on his neighbor’s door and was relieved when the teenage daughter, Claire, answered.
“Hey, hey, hey, who is this? Stay with me, tell me where you are,” Dean says as calmly as he can manage.
“Library.” Sam brought Dean a cup of coffee and sat across from him. “As you know, she graduates this year.”
Cas kisses his way down his chest and back up to his cheek before whispering in his ear, “One more time.”
The second she got home, Renee stripped out of her work clothes and into a robe, not quite ready yet to get in the shower and therefore forgoing pajamas. She had left her tablet on the couch that morning, so she picked it up and took a seat, opening Twitter and getting bored after scrolling for a few minutes.
Billie leans her head back against the seat and rolls it lazily over to look at Dean. “No. You’re just a little bit tragic, and I’m a little bit bored. Don’t worry about the people dying. It’s the way the world is.”
As he watched the video, he felt immediately horny again. It was impossible, and embarrassing, but it had been a long time since he had felt like this. Comfortable with himself.
Cas sighed. “My grace is not what it used to be. With the power of heaven waning, I’m dependent on Jack to keep me...powered up.”
“You’re dead,” Dean says stupidly. Then, “Wait, no, what the hell are you doing here? Why are you here, Chuck?”
The doctor pauses in his incessant clicking, and he takes a deep breath before continuing. “As a welder, are you exposed to dangerous conditions?”
His live videos were longer and more involved, with a strip tease and fake foreplay. His confidence grew. When one of his favorite fans left him a tip and told him to buy himself a toy with it, he actually did.
“Nah, I’ll take you next year.” Dean blindly reached up a hand and found Cas’, tangling their fingers together and pulling his hand toward his mouth to kiss his knuckles.
“Your favorite witch,” Rowena says jokingly, but there’s an edge to her tone. A nervousness. “Listen, dearie, I can call Lucifer here. I’m willing to use the Book of the Damned to help him destroy the girl.”
Lucifer squints at him. “When you agreed to this, you failed to tell me that you’ve fallen in love with the Michael sword. I don’t like surprises, Castiel.”
It had taken all of their willpower to get in the car and drive back to the motel, and Dean had barely put her in park before dragging Cas to the backseat and messily stripping clothes off. There wasn’t nearly enough space, so they ended up rutting against each other while making out like horny teenagers, and that’s when Sam knocked on the window.
“Dean! Please! Can you get over here—can you—we need help—we need—we need—” The voice cuts herself off with ragged coughs.
Dean shakes his head. “Sammy and I get caught up in cosmic bullshit pretty regularly. It’s rare that we get to just, you know, salt-and-burn a ghost or something simple like that.” Something occurs to Dean, something he has to say before he’s too afraid. “If you, uh, can’t deal with the way our life is, it would be OK. If you didn’t hunt with us, or whatever.”
Sam sits cross-legged on the floor and stares at her for half an hour. She’s absolutely goddamn perfect.
After they both clocked out for the day, Dean led Cas over to Mildred’s apartment to introduce him. She wasn’t on his caseload anymore, but he hung out with her sometimes when Cas had to work late.
One of the last days they were there, Angela asked Dean if he wanted to come over to her place. He wanted to. God, he wanted to.
While he’s roasting some broccoli, carrots and zucchini, Mary comes up behind him and asks what he’s doing.
He’s learned how to do a lot of things with one hand actually. He’s pretty sure he could get away with living his entire life while holding a dog in his left hand.
The shapeshifter was first. Then the slew of ghosts, a couple of demons, what turned out to be a friendly witch, pack of werewolves. Eventually, it just became commonplace that Dean and Cas share a room.
“Oh.” Dean painstakingly turns his head to look at Cas’ profile. “Did you see it? Whatever Amara’s doing to me?”
Dean puts on his usual jeans and flannel over a plain black t-shirt. He also has a necklace with a ring Cas gave him, but he wears it under his clothes and out of sight. He likes feeling it against his skin.
“By this time last night, the baby had woken up crying three times,” he says, leaning against the door jamb and just watching Dean brush his teeth. “She might even sleep through the night. At some point we have to, um, deal with how quickly she’s, you know, aging.”
“It must be Amara that’s doing it, Dean. You’re not infected like the others, but it’s something else. Something deep. The longer she’s here, the deeper it’s going to get.”
Jesse and Cesar both look surprised. Cesar says, “The trench coat angel?” He turns toward Jesse and mutters, “Pensé que ella era un hombre.”
Dean expects Cas to laugh, but instead he turns his head and gives Dean a serious stare. “I know angels that have taken care of their vessels for hundreds of years, that have maintained their earthly bodies through every war and hardship. But most angels...It doesn’t matter what body we inhabit. I thought—I didn’t know I was so attached to this one.”
On day three, Dean obsessively checks his phone all day even though he knows Cas isn’t calling or texting. It’s nearly midnight when the bunker door opens and Cas descends down the steps, looking pissed off. Sam, Dean and Charlie are hanging out at the war room table when Cas pulls the demon tablet out of his coat and drops it unceremoniously on the table.
“It makes sense, actually,” Cas says tiredly, looking at the table now and clearly trying to avoid Dean's gaze. “It’s rumored that God can’t be alone—the concept of the Holy Trinity comes from this theory. If God can’t be alone, then someone else must’ve been there with him at the beginning of all things. According to Metatron, God locked Amara away before the universe began, but it’s unclear why.”
“We don’t want to stop hunting,” Eileen finishes for him. “But if there’s a good reason to stop, this is it.”
Being puppeted by a witch is not as big of a deal, except that Castiel’s grace has not been fully intact in a long time (by human measures of time) and therefore any assault on his finite being impacts him harder than it would otherwise. He had just started feeling like he was fully recovered from Rowena’s attack dog spell when she put yet another spell on him, forcing him out of a sleep so deep he may not have woken until his vessel had rotted.
It’s after midnight before Dean forgets his pride and heads to the kitchen for some coffee. Or whiskey. Whatever.
And because Dean trusts his brother, he follows him. Before they make it to the other side of the highway, a stark white cloud descends upon them from the sky, enveloping them in a soft white mist that’s impossible to see more than a few feet through. Sam stops and gestures for Dean to do the same, as if stopping in the middle of the road in a creepy white cloud was his plan all along.
“Well, you don’t have roommates,” Cas said suggestively, turning toward Dean and carding a hand through his hair again, but it felt stilted this time, like Cas was just going through the motions. “So I think we should go to your place.”
They look at their phones and spend a minute or two reading up on the has-been rockstar Vince Vincente suddenly making a comeback and announcing a tour.
“Yeah, I’m, like, two weeks late.” She opened Dean’s pantry and grabbed a giant bag of granola. “And I’m so goddamn hungry. At first I just chalked it up to being fat, but this is like a next level hunger.” She shoved a handful of granola in her mouth.
“Right. Yeah.” Dean is impatient to know what she means, but he bites his tongue. “I’m gonna go, uh, hide in a corner and avoid getting hit on again.”
Cas put his head down, clearly trying to hide his smile. He said, “Is this the same woman who’s pregnant?”
“No. I’m borrowing this body from a witch who agreed to it. She actually told me recently that she’s been enjoying the peace lately, so I can take as much time as I need to get my body back.”
“Oh, hey, guys,” Dean says. He grabs a La Croix out of the fridge and takes a long drink. “Didn’t hear you come in.”
In his periphery, Dean sees Sam getting up from the floor and standing awkwardly over by the table. Dean’s heart pounds in his chest.
Renee became unreasonably fixated on the situation. She texted her best friend about it, forcing her to become invested in something she knew nothing about aside from what Renee told her.
“You don’t seem too concerned about the British Men of Letters.” Cas’ neck betrays his words by tilting to the side and angling toward Dean’s mouth.
Dean rolled his eyes and kissed Cas to get him to shut up. If Cas liked Dean for something other than his perfect looks, then he would find himself getting sick of him very quickly. If Dean wanted to keep Cas, he would have to find a way to convince him that looks mattered, actually.
Dean nods and leaves, his brain a jumble of thoughts as he tries to parse out what the fuck he’s supposed to do. He passes Charlie in the hall, and she points toward the library without saying anything.
Dean. “If it was all you, then maybe you weren’t lying when you had Charlie say that there are spells that could keep you contained.”
Dean tightens his grip on his fork and looks back down at his food. “Would you please pass the salt,
“I’m not opposed to the idea of an open relationship, but I tend to be rather, um, jealous. It would take me some time to adjust.”
They wait in the lobby of a Los Angeles hotel for nearly 30 minutes before Cas and Crowley show up. It’s one of the fanciest hotels Dean’s ever stepped foot in, and somehow Crowley is the only one who doesn’t look out of place. Dean makes a comment to Cas about how stiff he looks in his usual trench coat, and Cas retorts that he looks like a lumberjack.
Other times, they got injured during hunts and couldn’t make it to the bar. Or they just didn’t have the time.
In any case, the man was pulling them down and letting them crash to the floor as if he didn’t care at all about his own safety and the very real possibility that he could hit himself right in the head. It was definitely not a one-person job, and yet.
It’s still the middle of the night. After they get cuffs around Cas’ hands and feet, Sam apologizes for needing some rest and then says a casual “goodnight,” leaving Dean and Cas to figure out what to attach the chains to.
