After a pregnant pause, John couldn’t take the awkward silence any longer. He sighed, dragging his hands across his face. “Sorry,” he said, sighing again. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what got into me. It’s just—“ John paused, not knowing what to say, and shook his head. He was just so tired, so
He didn't trust his voice enough to speak. Clenching his fists at his sides, he let out a shuddering breath and managed a nod.
However, the blissful feeling was short-lived when his attention was drawn by the steady hum of traffic outside, pierced by the odd screech of brakes and the occasional shout from a passer-by hailing a cab. From somewhere in the distance came the thump of some abhorrent techno mix, almost masked by the din of a throbbing bass. He could hear the click of heels against the pavement below, quickly receding into the distance, and the clamour of a group of teenagers laughing and chatting in raised voices right in front of Speedy’s café.
For a brief moment, the doctor regarded John, his eyebrows raised, his eyes wide, but then he cleared his throat, clearly accustomed to the outbursts of his frustrated patients, and without any apparent effort, his face settled back into professional neutrality. The doctor held John’s gaze, no accusation in his eyes, and stayed quiet, waiting for John to continue.
“Dr Watson, Mr Holmes,” the doctor nodded at them as he said their names. “The test results have arrived. Are you ready to discuss them now?”
A knock on the door pulled him out of his thoughts. The doctor entered the room and walked over to them. “Mr Holmes and Dr Watson,” the man said politely, giving John a little nod, “How are you doing, Mr Holmes?” From the corner of his eye John saw Sherlock's body tense momentarily.
He knew that it had only been seven days since the ordeal began, but it did nothing to assuage the fear that coiled in his stomach. He wanted to believe that this was just a temporary phase, a short yet inevitable period Sherlock needed to adjust to his new existence, to the shift from the safety of the well-known and the obvious to something completely uncharted, but the dread, no matter how implausible, of having to figure out how to live without the maddeningly gorgeous man clung to him tenaciously.
Not being able to see John made it harder to anticipate where the next caress would land. Sherlock felt light-headed and breathless, all the sensory input overwhelming him—the sound of John’s harsh breathing, the heat of his mouth, and the scrape of his stubble against his skin, John’s heart beating against his chest, strong and steady while his was pounding rapidly, skipping beats.
And as much as Sherlock wanted him to stay, his reason told him that he wouldn’t be able to bear seeing John grow to hate him, feeling him fall out of love with him. Because John would inevitably start to despise him. He would loathe being stuck with a cripple, having to exchange blood-pumping chases for leisurely strolls, the constant possibility of danger and the rousing presence of uncertainty for a brain-rotting, humdrum routine of life. John had always hated what he viewed as his weaknesses: his limp, needing a cane, the PTSD-induced nightmares, the intermittent tremor in his left hand. No doubt he would grow to be repulsed by Sherlock’s disability as well.
When Sherlock woke up, it was dark. He found himself lying in a hospital bed, a white sheet draped over his body, a soft pillow under his head. He felt tired, exhausted, as he closed his eyes again and let the warmth of the bed lull him into a state of content. Sherlock was drifting off to sleep, his mind shutting down, letting him slip into a peaceful oblivion, when suddenly he heard a voice that made his eyes snap open.
Everything was as they had left it, from the low, monotonous ticking of the ancient-looking wall clock—handed down from Mrs Hudson’s grandparents by the look of it—to the teak bookshelf bending under the weight of his partner’s hardcover volumes. A battered desk with numerous paper documents and case files strewn over its surface huddled in the corner, a leather-cushioned cantilever chair with a steel frame carelessly pushed aside from it. Several crinkled medical journals from the New England Journal of Medicine and a few dog-eared books cluttered the floor, keeping company with dust balls and miscellaneous objects from a desolate-looking chess-board knight to a grimy tennis ball.
Sherlock would recognise that touch anywhere. He didn't need to see to know to whom that hand belonged. That hand, woven together with his.
To his surprise, Sherlock was still sound asleep, facing him with his right arm flung across the sheets and his left arm hidden somewhere underneath, small puffs of air escaping his lips. John lowered himself down from his elbows and slowly rolled onto his right side to feel the exhalations of warm air on his cheeks.
room, after spending a good fifteen minutes carefully groping his way across the living room, touching every object along his path, running his fingers over surfaces, feeling, observing. Sherlock had refused any help, refused to use a cane.
John had taken Sherlock's arm on his shoulder and helped him descend the seventeen stairs of their apartment, placing his right arm securely around Sherlock's slim waist, trying to convey through his body language that he would take care of him, help him through this.
For approximately seven and a half seconds he stood motionless, a sense of mingled weariness and gloom taking hold of him, and then, in a kind of despondent daze, he took four tentative steps toward John’s armchair, fumbled with his hand until it met the arm of the chair, turned around and flopped down gracelessly with a thud. With a deep sigh of resignation, he sank deeper into the plush cushion, his arms hanging over the arms of the chair, his legs stretched out wide in front of him.
Sherlock was drowning. He was drowning in sensation and want and desire, the raw ache of need building within him, pooling hot and low in his belly. He was drowning in John, the fear of losing him making Sherlock want him even more.
Sherlock raised his head a little, and John brought the plastic cup to his lips and helped him drink, watching his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down in his throat as he swallowed in big gulps.
The waiting was unbearable. With the sound of the steadily ticking clock, echoing through the almost empty waiting room, John wrung his fingers nervously, casting a desperate glance toward the wall clock every other minute. He wanted to see Sherlock. He
He wanted to make Sherlock feel better, to make him feel loved, but he didn't know how to do it when he himself felt so afraid.
Wearily, John rubbed his eyes with thumb and forefinger. Outside, the traffic had grown busier, one car after the other roaming by, the occasional toot of a car horn echoing through the front door. Exhaling a deep sigh, John stretched his neck to the left and right and rolled his aching shoulders to ease the built-up tension. The longer he stayed in the hallway, the more stifled he felt. It was at times like this, in the limbo of wanting to let down his defences but being too afraid of appearing weak, that the idea of the warm rush of alcohol coursing through his veins and numbing his brain became alluring. It was only the knowledge of how his own alcoholic father had deteriorated and lost his sense of self that kept him from resorting to booze for a momentary but false relief from the unpleasantness of being a feeling human being.
Maybe he would stay for a while, a few weeks perhaps, to avoid being too obvious, but then he would leave. John would collect his laptop, fold his countless jumpers and walk out the front door of 221B Baker Street, never to return. John would leave him, and Sherlock would understand, it would break his heart, but he would understand.
All of a sudden, John felt Sherlock’s finger twitch under his touch and saw his muscles tense in his neck. John became alert and sat upright in his chair.
Stubbornly, Sherlock went on lounging in the armchair, willing the thoughts to subside with sheer willpower. He let himself bask in the toasty warmth of the sunlight that had spread from his naked feet to midway up his stretched-out thighs, the sun’s heating rays reaching further into the room as it climbed higher above the horizon, penetrating the fabric of his ratty pyjama bottoms. He forced his mind to focus on the pleasant sensation, the tense muscles in his legs loosening as he pictured in his head how the free nerve endings of unmyelinated C fibres in his skin would be activated by the elevated temperature, and how the sinuous fibres would conduct the sensory impulse to his thalamus and primary sensory cortex via intricate neuronal pathways. He hummed contently, buoyed by the delightful tingle of warmth flooding his legs, a faint sense of relaxation spreading through his body.
At hearing those two words, John became alert, his heart rate quickening. He lifted his face up and found the doctor’s eyes regarding him. John tried to read his expression, but his features remained neutral, his manner bland. “Yes?” John said sounding breathless, standing up, hearing his pulse thumping violently in his ears. The moment seemed to stretch and stretch, growing into infinity, charged with tension, as John held his breath waiting for a response. The air around him stilled, the world seemed to stop on its axis. His chest tightened, constricting his lungs, preventing him from taking in much needed air. Everything depended on the doctor’s next words. One wrong word and his life would come crashing down on him, shattering into a million pieces, pieces that would tear his heart apart beyond repair.
Sherlock pinched his eyes shut, his lips pressed together in a tight line. He tried to shut the insufferable noise of passing vehicles and loitering people out of his consciousness, but his attempts were in vain, his sense of hearing seemingly overcompensating for his lost eyesight.
Unbidden, the thought flitted through his mind that starting a row had merely been a ruse for John to get out of the flat, away from him. Away from the man who no longer could offer him the sort of adventure that had cured his psychosomatic limp and kindled his hunger for life anew after months of wading in the deep, dark depths of despair and misery. Perhaps he had waited for an excuse to escape the new wretched reality of their shared existence, for it would have been too cruel to leave a blind man to his own devices for the sole reason that he was blind. Good, kind John, ever the gentleman.
Mycroft sighed and raised his eyes again to meet John's gaze. He pursed his lips, as if considering whether or not to share his thoughts, and John could see the hesitation in his eyes. Mycroft opened his mouth, but then closed it. After what felt like minutes, he sighed again.
The doctor smiled at him briefly, but then his face went serious again. “Would you mind if we went to my examination room so that I could take a look at Mr Holmes’ eyes.”
It was still dark outside, no light filtering through the curtains, the only sound being the dull thudding of the rain. Had he been at home, in the warmth of 221B Baker Street, perched on the couch with Sherlock’s head resting on his thighs, the familiar rain of England would have felt cosy and safe, but now the chaotic weather only added to his gloomy mood.
Perhaps he had just gone to the toilet or to the hospital cafeteria to get a cup of coffee, Sherlock thought as he started walking toward the door, feeling a lump start to form in his throat.
The sight that greeted John in room number twenty-six sent a wave of pain through his chest. John had seen Sherlock cry before, but when he cried, it was almost always for a case, nothing more than an act, a way to gain information, to prove a point. But this time he wasn't acting.
He grunted, biting the inside of his cheek. He could feel the beginnings of panic churning in his stomach: he wanted to get away. Fast.
Before helping Sherlock off the bed, John took his hand in his, giving it a soft squeeze, trying his best to convey what he couldn’t bring himself to say, afraid his voice might break.
However, John wasn’t afraid for his own sake. No, he didn’t care if Sherlock was blind or not; it did not change his feelings for him in any way. His feelings were a constant, the one thing that persisted in the unpredictable mess he called his life. He would love Sherlock not despite his flaws, nor because of them, but in spite of all and because of everything. Even if Sherlock were to become deprived of all his five senses, even if he couldn’t make his fantastic deductions any more, even if he had to give up his work and stop being the world’s only consulting detective, John would love him with all his heart, all his soul, and all his strength. As long as Sherlock stayed with him, John knew that he could find joy in all the repetitive, mundane tasks of everyday life—doing the laundry, going grocery shopping, washing dishes, and cooking meals. Hell, he even enjoyed brushing his teeth when Sherlock was there to share the moment, wearing nothing but his pyjama bottoms, staring back at John in the bathroom mirror, his eyes dark and promising, anticipation lingering in the air between them.
“Everything looks fine and his vital signs are stable,” the nurse said, smiling reassuringly. “I’ll be back to check up on him again in a little while. Just ring the bell if you need anything.”
The rustle of the duvet and squeaking of mattress springs brought him back to reality, replacing the blurry vision with total darkness.
It was anything but easy going from daily good-night kisses and random “I love you” texts, playful banter and good-natured bickering, from fleeting touches while passing each other in the kitchen and hushed midnight conversations while curled up in bed with legs tangled together, to curt nods and terse acknowledgements in a matter of mere days. It wasn’t so much the physical aspect of their relationship that he missed—not that he didn’t enjoy it, because he did, immensely. He could live without the sex—he was very much capable of taking care of his more primal needs by himself, thank you very much. What he missed, and what made his heart ache, was the lost connection between them, the paucity of mental intimacy. The fact that they seemed to be drifting apart with frightening speed devastated him. It was what now sometimes made him, suddenly and unexpectedly, burst into tears in the middle of watching crap telly, his shoulders shaking with grief, what caused him to lock himself into the bathroom and sob into a towel like an inconsolable baby when Sherlock was out of hearing shot, and what precluded any chance of his falling asleep at night when he was lying in bed alone, next to an empty pillow.
John had helped Sherlock get dressed. It had been painful to watch Sherlock fumbling for the trousers that had been discarded on the floor in their rush to the bed the night before. He had tried so hard to act as if nothing had changed, willing John to remain calm, not to worry.
Sherlock wanted to tell the doctor to stop, stop examining him, to let him be. To let him die. What would it matter if he did? If John left him, he would gladly die. There was no Sherlock Holmes without John Watson. He would cease to exist without him, his world would crumble. The earth would still turn on its axis, the sun would still rise in the morning. John would find someone new, he would love again, but Sherlock wouldn't be there to witness it.
Sherlock forced himself to take a deep breath, his eyelids stinging with the suppressed emotions. And then he felt it: a throbbing pain inside his head. It was like a hammer hitting his brain again and again. He had been so lost in his thoughts and his body had been so flooded with adrenaline that he hadn't felt it before, but now the pain hit him like a wave. Sherlock's trembling hands found their way to his head and he grimaced. He didn't have to say anything; John had noticed his pained expression.
Sherlock was greeted by an empty hallway of blank white walls. It was silent, unnaturally quiet, as if he was in a vacuum where no sound could travel. He let his gaze wander around the hallway, taking in the sterile surroundings of a typical hospital. There were no windows, no clocks, but he knew it had to be late, because there was no one within hearing range. As he listened to the silence, the odd feeling intensified, tightening his chest.
Watching the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest, his skin stretched taut over his protruding ribs, John found himself waiting in agony for Sherlock to come out of the anaesthesia. Of course he wanted Sherlock to wake up—it was the only thing that really mattered to him at the moment—but he was afraid that the operation hadn’t restored his vision. He was afraid that Sherlock would open his eyes only to realise that he was still blind and would almost certainly remain blind, being forced to rely on his hearing and his sense of touch for the rest of his life. And John knew that Sherlock didn’t like being forced to do anything. Rather, Sherlock hated it, and it never went unnoticed by anyone.
tried, to convince himself that he could do it, suppress the unpleasant feelings, push them away, just like he had done so many times before, but he could feel the pressure slowly building inside, growing stronger and stronger until he felt like a pot on the brink of boiling over, his head feeling like it was going to explode.
I'm so sorry!!! This chapter has taken me way too long to write. Thanks to everyone who has stuck around, I really appreciate it :)
The fear that he wasn’t enough for Sherlock was nagging at the back of his mind, sending a shiver down his spine. John closed his eyes, battling the stinging sensation behind his eyelids that threatened to turn him into a sobbing mess. The events of the day, John thought, had transformed him into a coward, into a man incapable of controlling his inner turmoil.
The brief moment of joy that the memory had triggered, however, dissipated quickly, as John was startled by the distant clatter of wheels against linoleum, and his mind popped back into the present. Swallowing the sigh that threatened to slip past his lips, John shifted his gaze away from the direction of the sound, and back to Sherlock.
“I figured,” he whispered in a faint voice. It grated on him that he didn’t know what time it was exactly, but from the coolness of the rug, the sparse traffic outside, and the tired huskiness of John’s voice he gathered that it was indeed late; somewhere around one or two in the morning. He felt an itch to know the precise time, but his pride thwarted him from asking.
, John cursed under his breath. He was a bloody soldier. He wasn’t going to cry. If Sherlock had, although it was unlikely, regained his vision, John didn’t want his tear-stained face and bloodshot eyes to be the first thing he saw when he opened his eyes.
Finally, the blazing rays of the sun pierced the thick canopy of clouds hanging over the city of London and bathed the towering buildings in its vivid, golden splendour. A mellow glow was cast across the increasingly bustling streets, reflecting off the bonnets of cars edging forward in the congested traffic. Despite the earliness of the hour, the pavements were already teeming with important-looking people in suits and slim-fitting pencil skirts hurrying on their way to work, clinging to briefcases and balancing takeaway coffees while deliberately averting their gazes and being careful not to smile at passing strangers, no doubt determined to stay on top of their hectic schedules. A woman in her mid-thirties, her lips painted scarlet and her blonde hair drawn back into a tight chignon, narrowly managed to steal a cab from a less busy-looking man by affecting to consult her wristwatch and feigning an expression of intense anxiety. She mouthed an apology as the taxi door slammed shut.
John swallowed and closed his eyes, Sherlock's words hitting him like a punch to his gut. He hated himself for letting Sherlock believe that he didn't want to be with him, and he hated himself for leaving him alone.
“No, you don’t! I can’t see, John! I lost everything I got. Please don’t take away my work, it’s the only thing I have left.”
A hint of last night’s magic lingered within the quiet confines of the room, hiding in the placid and relaxed bodies of the two men and manifesting as a slight tang of musk and sweat that floated in the air. The carelessly discarded clothes scattered around the room were a reminder of the urgency and the wanton desperation with which the men had stumbled toward the bed the night before; a black two-button suit jacket hung from the shade of a floor lamp, a pair of inside-out jeans dangled from the door handle, and a forlorn-looking, crumpled sock lay forgotten on the wooden parquet floor.
Suddenly, Sherlock stood up, surprisingly gracefully, the chair screeching against the floor as it moved backward, and turned in the direction of John, his vacant stare missing John’s eyes by a few inches.
There was a beat of breathless silence before John sighed. A sour-sweet smell of alcohol floated in the air, invading his nostrils. Sherlock scowled. He could imagine John pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger.
The sound drowned out his harsh breathing, hitting his eardrums like a hammer. He could feel the vibrations of the sound running through his body, and he mustered the courage to close the distance between him and the door. As he took the last step and entered the room, the light suddenly intensified. The beeping stopped. For a second, Sherlock could see nothing but blinding whiteness, and a deafening silence filled his ears. Then everything went black.
Abruptly, the wail of a siren floated in from the street and assaulted his ears, bristling the hair at the back of his neck. Goosebumps erupted over his forearms and his face contorted with indignation.
to be fine.” He paused, not knowing how to continue. “Just… you can always talk to me if there’s—if you—I’ll be here. Alright?”
John knew deep inside that he would never stop loving Sherlock. He couldn’t stop loving him even if he tried, and God knew he had tried. He really had.
And John felt like he was having a nightmare. He wanted desperately for Sherlock to wake him up, telling him that it was just a bad dream, cradling his wavering body, placing soothing kisses on the top of his head.
It had been a week since they had had any conversation except the mundane. It almost felt like they were back in the time when they hadn’t yet confessed their feelings for each other, before they were together. Their conversation had been reduced to pointless, laconic chatter, which John desperately tried to keep up. And he was tired of small talk, sick of feeling as if he were talking to a brick wall. He didn’t want to talk one more time about the surprisingly cold weather, or the increasing prices at Tesco, or how they were out of milk again, and he most certainly didn’t want to get another nonchalant grunt in reply.
Suddenly, John was aware of Sherlock standing in front of him. Caught off guard, John gazed up at him, not knowing what to say. He cleared his throat and swallowed. “You alright?”
Conflicted, John stood motionless for a moment, and then, in the manner of the self-proclaimed emotionally constipated person that he was, he decided to do nothing. With a sigh not so much of frustration as of resignation, he let his body sink to the floor, the small of his back coming to rest against the lowest stair, and buried his face into his hands. His own uselessness disgusted him.
Clearing his throat, John did his best to shove the thought away, and tried to compose himself enough to respond in a somewhat steady voice. “Um, nothing. Nothing. Let’s eat,” he muttered, attempting a light tone, but it fell short of the mark.
After all, John thought bitterly, he was good at keeping his feelings dammed up inside: it had taken two years and three shots of whiskey before the dam of longing for his flatmate had finally burst and released all his pent-up emotions. He had spent two years trying to deny what he knew was true. Two years of wishing, hoping that Sherlock would feel the same way about him, but always coming to the same conclusion that it was unlikely—impossible, even—because Sherlock didn’t feel things that way, he wasn’t interested in something so
“Sir?” the doctor said uncertainly, pulling John out of his thoughts. He was looking at John expectantly, as if waiting for John to answer a question he hadn’t heard.
It was so soft that he almost missed it. As he listened more carefully, he realised that it was a melody; it was so subtle and quiet that it took all his concentration to hear it. Sherlock let the melody fill his mind and calm him down like a sweet lullaby. Sherlock knew it was a house sparrow,
. And it was Sherlock’s power of deduction that made him the world’s only consulting detective. Without work, without stimulation, his mind would become uncontrollable, a mess of overwhelming thoughts and ideas, and John knew he would seek some way of channelling his energy. John feared that he would return to his old bad habits, to the life he had left behind. The mere thought gave John a complete sense of powerlessness. Watching the love of his life slowly destroy his mind and body would destroy John, too.
“Shut up!” The words tore out of his throat before he even realised that he had opened his mouth. His fingers were tugging at his curls, his hands balled into fists. He was panting hard, every breath a ragged burst of air. He was definitely going mad, he thought, mortified.
life. He needed stimulation, the thrill of excitement, the rush he got from exposing himself to danger. Sherlock went to great lengths not to be bored. He loved the feeling of adrenaline surging through his body, the way all his senses seemed heightened when he was jumping across rooftops, chasing criminals down dark alleys. Not that John could blame him—he was equally addicted to adrenaline. Only one month after returning from Afghanistan, he had already missed the way he felt strong in the face of danger; he had a craving for unpredictability. It was ironic; having the possibility of death so close made him feel more alive.
“Wha—“ John began, but the word died on his lips. Stunned, he stared at Sherlock, suddenly unsure of whether he was awake or not. He hadn’t expected this at all, hadn’t prepared himself for the possibility that Sherlock would want to go back to work so soon after losing something of such crucial importance to him. He had thought that Sherlock wouldn’t want anyone at Scotland Yard seeing him so vulnerable, pitying him. “Sherlock… It’s only been a week since…” He couldn’t finish the sentence, the words got stuck in his throat.
“Are you all right, Mr Holmes?” the concerned voice of the doctor came from his right. Sherlock could almost hear his frown.
But as he sat in that waiting room, pondering his life, he realised that he wouldn't really mind. Whether it was fate, luck, or coincidence, he didn't regret having bumped into Mike Stamford, he didn't regret having mentioned that he wanted to move. And he damn sure didn't regret having met Sherlock Holmes.
had been wronged. He knew he had to pull himself together for the sake of Sherlock. He was tired and in desperate need of rest and undoubtedly having one of the worst and most emotionally draining days of his life, but he knew that there was no excuse for him to act like a child throwing a tantrum.
“Okay,” John searched his face for any sign of him being upset, but found none, Sherlock’s face remaining perfectly devoid of expression. “Alright. I’ll be right back.”
John felt dread clench at his guts, leaving a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. Not once in his life, had he felt so lost and afraid, so inadequate. He felt like he was back in Afghanistan praying to God, only this time it wasn't his life on the line, but the life of the man he loved so much that he would do anything it took to keep him alive. But there was nothing he could do but pray and praying seemed so pointless, like a waste of time. It wasn't enough. And it made him feel sick.
, I presume. How delightful.” There was a sting in his voice as he laid an emphasis on the word “chums”.
An unsettling feeling had begun to gnaw at the pit of his stomach, and the fear that the surgery had gone wrong grew within him. A misplaced catheter tip, one miscalculation, one misunderstood instruction—all it would take was a single mistake, one tiny false move. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust doctors; he knew they would do their best. And John knew it was an excellent hospital, because Mycroft had chosen it, and he wouldn’t let anyone other than a licensed professional to take care of his little brother. No, it wasn’t lack of trust that made him scared. It was the possibility that he was worried about, the possibility that something could go wrong. The possibility of mistake was, however unlikely, always there, weighing heavily on his faith. And he was so tired, and he would have preferred not to delve too deeply into what could possibly go wrong, he would have wanted to stop his useless panicked thoughts that kept circling in his mind, slipping him into a dreadful state of agitation, but he couldn’t keep his mind from cataloguing the possible outcomes.
“Yeah, nobody important, just some—” John began, trying to sound convincing as he pressed the mute button on his mobile phone, but Sherlock cut him off.
Sherlock was startled inwardly as John’s voice invaded his thoughts, and he realised that he hadn’t listened, having lost himself in John, his taste, his touch.
Sherlock was drowsy from the pain medication the doctor had given him, lying motionless with his eyes closed. The only movement John could detect was the rhythmic rising and falling of his chest. At first, Sherlock had refused to take any medicine, for fear of falling asleep, but John had insisted he took the pills, when he had seen that Sherlock was covered in a light film of perspiration, sweat drops forming on his forehead, his brow furrowed, his lips pressed in a thin line. John knew that Sherlock could tolerate a lot of pain without complaining, without the slightest expression of discomfort, so seeing him wince, pain excruciatingly apparent on his features, was more than John could bear. “Please, Sherlock, for me,” he had said, and to his surprise, Sherlock, who was without a doubt the most stubborn human being he had ever encountered, hadn't rolled his eyes, hadn't sighed in exasperation. Sherlock had tossed the pills in his mouth and swallowed all three of them without further argument. “For you,” he had said, closing his eyes.
He wanted to see John, his eyes filled with love for him, his lips curved into a relieved smile. Sherlock wanted to tell him that he was awake, that he could see. But John wasn’t there, and Sherlock sensed something odd he couldn’t quite decipher. He just felt that something was very wrong.
John’s smile dissolved as he followed Sherlock’s sightline. He felt himself go cold, an uneasiness settling in the pit of his stomach. “What are you looking at? Is everything all right, love?”
Sherlock saw a glass vase containing roses, the colour of which he couldn’t quite distinguish in the dark, standing on a table below the window. The roses caught his attention, and he frowned. Sherlock knew that Mycroft couldn’t possibly have sent them—he would never be capable of such an affectionate gesture—and no one else knew where he was. Unless, of course, his brother had told someone. Sherlock took a deep breath. Of
And John tried to breathe, tried to break the invisible bands around his lungs that prevented him from getting much needed air.
Resting his hand on top of Sherlock’s, John took a deep quavering breath, held it, and then let it out slowly, feeling the air tickle his nostrils. He forced himself to focus, to push his thoughts back to what truly mattered. Sherlock was alive. He was alive and his heart was beating in his chest. It didn’t matter if he had lost his eyesight or not. They would survive it together. They would survive
Sunlight was pouring in through the window, pooling on the wool rug beneath his bare feet. His toes curled in the warmth that tingled his sensitive skin, and some of the tension in his body melted away, his shoulders sagging in contentment as he stretched out his legs like a cat waking up from a nap in the sun. It was strange to bathe in the warmth, but not see the sun blaze in all its vibrant, glorious splendour, not see its blinding light merge in the vivid, luscious hues of the sky as the molecules in the atmosphere scattered the various wavelengths of the visible spectrum in all different directions. Never again would he witness the grandeur of a setting sun, the glowing yellow, orange, and red tints of the horizon blending into an exquisite whole, gradually fading out into the distance. He knew that he was being dreadfully maudlin, but he liked to think that he was entitled to a bit of sentiment since he had been robbed of something so universally valued as the ability to see beauty. He could only wonder whether he would care more if he got a second chance, whether he would pay more attention, be more appreciative. Maybe he would.
John rubbed a hand over his face and sighed. Regardless if he wanted it or not, Sherlock crowded his thoughts, and instead of the usual affection that flooded his whole being when he thought of Sherlock, he couldn’t help but feel anger creeping into his chest, swelling and growing until it was hard to breathe, the emotion choking his lungs.
“John”, the voice said again, this time more loudly. It sounded demanding, as if it was begging to be heard, begging to be noticed. Sherlock pinched his eyes shut, trying to identify the voice, but his memories were out of reach, melting like snowflakes when he tried to grasp them.
Clenching his jaw, John swallowed against the lump of misery forming in his throat, his nails digging half-moons into his palms. He was yet again seized by the urge to weep uncontrollably, the beginnings of tears already prickling at his eyes. With a twinge of mingled annoyance and anguish, he pressed the heels of his hands against them, willing the tears not to fall. He seemed to have an inexhaustible supply of them, he thought bitterly. They always seemed to come when he was alone, looming just below the surface, threatening to spill over the instant he let his guard down.
His heart sank slightly as he saw a flash of bitter agony cross Sherlock’s face. “Right. I—I’ll be back soon.”
Sherlock shifted to make room for him, and John crawled awkwardly beside him. He rolled onto his side toward Sherlock and pulled the sheet over them, draping his arm over Sherlock’s chest under it. Sherlock’s warmth felt comforting against his body, easing some of the tension he had been holding inside him.
“I’m fine, John.” There was no sign of Sherlock’s usual annoyance at his fussing, and John wasn’t sure whether to be glad or not.
The room was disturbingly quiet. He could hear his own breathing, every intake of breath. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale. John had a sudden impulse to scream, to break the silence with a shout, hear his words disturbing the peace: What did I do? What
Sherlock found it more difficult to deduce John when he couldn’t see the expression on his face. He wanted to know if there was a frown between his eyebrows, if his lips were pressed into a tight line. Was he smiling? Probably not. Was there pity in his eyes? Probably. He tried to focus on his voice instead, but it was free from any obvious emotion, and Sherlock didn’t like guessing. Much to his frustration, John’s voice being hoarse from lack of use—it was still early, and there had been more kissing than talking—was the only thing he could be certain of.
There was a knock on the door, and a nurse entered the recovery room. “Doctor Watson?” she said, looking at John with a questioning smile. The nurse was a woman in her early thirties, dressed in a white uniform, her dark hair piled on top of her head. Her smile seemed friendly and genuine, but John noticed that her eyes stayed focused on his hand caressing Sherlock’s a moment too long.
Biting his lower lip, John fought the urge to sigh. He was tired of hearing those words: “We don’t know. We don’t know what caused his blindness. We don’t know if Mr Holmes is going to be all right. We don’t know if the love of your
For one fleeting moment, John could see how Sherlock stiffened beside him, but he recovered quickly, his features once again unreadable. “I’m perfectly fine, John,” Sherlock said, attempting a smile, but his voice sounded weak. He grimaced.
“I can't see, John,” Sherlock said, a trace of agitation creeping into his otherwise steady voice, “I can't see.”
The familiar odour of antiseptic didn't make John feel at home this time. He felt as if the white walls of the waiting room were slowly closing in, making him feel like an animal trapped in a cage.
“John.” His voice was still faint but more urgent. Sherlock frowned, his brows knitting together, and his eyes fluttered open.
The man, Sherlock, blinked several times in quick succession, his eyes widening. With a haste that surprised John, he scrambled up into a sitting posture, something allied to fear flitting across his features before his face returned to something inscrutable. As Sherlock twisted his head toward him, the frown on his forehead deepened. Instead of looking at John, his eyes were staring somewhere above his head with curious intensity, his expression schooled into an unreadable mask.
With a yawn, John propped himself up on his elbows. It couldn’t be more than four, maybe five, in the morning, John thought, and a quick glance at the digital clock on the bedside table confirmed his suspicions. The glowing red numbers read 4:40.
Sherlock had invaded his thoughts, snaked his way into John’s unconscious mind, filled every fibre of his being, making it impossible for him to get a moment’s peace. He would lie awake in bed at night, thinking about how Sherlock had behaved that day, analysing his every sentence, every word, every inflection he had used, every movement of his lips, every twitch of his eyes, his fingers, muscles in his face. John’s mind would be racing, trying to understand what was happening to Sherlock, to them, rendering him unable to sleep. And when he finally did fall asleep, due to exhaustion rather than a desire to get some sleep, Sherlock would find his way into his dreams and nightmares, which consisted of incoherent flashes, a jumble of unpleasant images, and memories seen through a distorted lens. And so the anger was always present, hovering on the edge of his thoughts.
John knew damn well that Sherlock didn’t need him telling out loud that he was blind; all Sherlock had to do was open his eyes, and it would become painfully clear to him. John beat himself up inwardly for making things worse. He hated the fact that Sherlock was the one lying in a hospital bed, and, yet, here he was, acting like
“He’s hardly overweight. Or a woman,” John interjected. He couldn’t keep the sarcasm out of his voice.
“No, it’s not fine, Sherlock,” he bristled. “I shouldn’t have run out like that. I was a complete jerk.”
“Thanks,” Sherlock muttered. The word felt clumsy in his mouth. He grabbed the sides of the blanket and clutched it tighter around himself. He was perfectly awake now, his brain taking in the rate, rhythm and depth of John’s breathing, the duration of his audible swallows, the opening and closing of his hands, the anxious shuffle from one socked foot to the other. With a feeling of increasing disquiet, he sensed the air of uneasiness John seemed to be exuding. It was evident that he was uncomfortable and even ashamed—of his outburst or something else, Sherlock didn’t know—but there was something else in his manner that he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
“I—we should slow down. I don’t want to raise your intracranial pressure,” John breathed. He brought his hand to Sherlock’s forehead, pushing the soft curls away from his face. “You okay?”
to see him. Sherlock felt his forehead furrow, his finger twitch as he slowly reached the surface of consciousness. The beeping grew more frequent in the background.
Sherlock had been beyond his reach, eventually disappearing into the dark, and John hadn’t been able to
Hugging his dressing gown tighter around himself, he curled into a foetal position in the armchair, a sense of something he couldn’t quite pin down welling up inside him—a sort of emptiness, a mixture of heartache, regret and… fear?
Reaching the end of the hallway, Sherlock saw that the light was coming through an open door. He came to a halt, grabbing his chest, feeling his heart beating erratically through the damp fabric of his hospital gown. He was gasping for air, his vision blurring, when he suddenly heard a noise, a beeping sound coming from the room.
Sherlock was faintly aware that his voice was soft and tender, but he couldn’t focus on anything but the darkness before his eyes. He blinked, but the darkness remained.
Giving his hand a gentle squeeze, John waited patiently for him to continue. He knew better than to rush Sherlock.
It echoed in his mind like a ticking time bomb, ready to explode any second, threatening to take his memories with it.
The car shot through a set of red traffic lights at a speed far above the speed limit, occasionally running on the pavement to avoid the traffic jam building up. John watched through the car's tinted window how the shocked faces of pedestrians were left behind, and in that moment, he felt infinitely grateful that Mycroft Holmes existed.
Now it didn't matter anymore, so he cried. He cried silently, but he cried, letting his tears wet his cheeks, leaving glistening trails down his face. Not a single sob escaped his lips as he lay there, not caring if someone saw him. To hell with being strong. To hell with his pride.
“Sherlock, don't.” He meant to sound demanding but it came out like a plea. The last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to be any more upset. John knew that it was Sherlock's work that kept him going, kept him away from drugs; the thrill of solving a case, piecing together puzzles, the satisfaction of being right. But now there were other things, Sherlock's health and well-being, to worry about, and Sherlock needed to relax and forget about being the world's only consulting detective for a while. John didn't want to think about what would happen if Sherlock remained blind, if he was unable to work, unable to get his daily dose of adrenaline.
He was surrounded by strangers, the cold examining table cold against his back, needles penetrating his skin, unfamiliar hands touching his body. The hospital gown draped over his body felt foreign, the cotton cool and harsh against his bare skin, making him feel vulnerable and exposed.
I'm sorry for yet another cliffhanger, but I felt like that was the best way to end this chapter. I haven't decided if I prefer short chapters or not, but they fit my writing schedule better so I have kept them between 1000-2000 words. I hope it doesn't bother you too much :)
Suddenly, one of the men, John, shifted in his sleep, his knee untangling itself from the other’s legs, and his arm falling away limply from around the man’s slender waist. As he rolled onto his back, his face was caught in a shaft of sunlight that slanted in through the window, and his eyes fluttered, the warmth teasing them open. With a groan that turned into a face-distorting yawn, he blinked in the blinding glare of the sun, attempting to adapt to the offending brightness, and stretched out his legs, unintentionally pushing the twisted sheets at the foot of the bed to the floor. He winced at the thud, but the man beside him didn’t stir, the delicate curve of his back turned away from him, each bump of his spine jutting beneath his pale skin.
“What?” John asked, pulling himself out from his musings, noticing Sherlock frowning, visibly annoyed by the weakness of his voice.
As his gaze drifted down the man’s spine, trailing the intricate pattern of scars that wove across the slender arc of his back like constellations punctuating the naked canvas of the night sky, John felt a swell of something that he couldn’t quite pin down. The man’s curled-up body looked so vulnerable against the white linen sheet, each inch of his alabaster skin exposed to him. More even than of his love for John, it was evidence of his complete trust in him: the man was laying himself bare to him, as if to say, “Here I am, open and defenceless. Do with me what you want: have me, take me, love me. I’m yours.”
“Jesus, I didn’t see you at first,” John said, evidently startled. “God, it’s pitch-dark here. Wait, let me switch on the lights.”
Like an artist looking at his painting, Sherlock looked at the face from a distance, examining all the details, trying to ensure that all the measurements were correct and in proportion to each other, from the length of his nose bone to the width of his eyelashes. Sherlock took a step closer, tilting his head to the right. He wouldn’t get another chance to take a look at John, not outside the confines of his mind. He wanted to remember every line, every curve, every freckle; how John’s lips twitched briefly before he burst out laughing, how his nostrils flared when he giggled, how he tried to contain himself, his eyelids pressed shut, slightly shaking his head from side to side, grinning with amusement. He couldn’t afford to forget anything, because if he did, it would be lost forever.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat, and John pulled back a bit, pausing, their lips barely touching as they breathed each other’s air.
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock asked, as observant as ever, staring in John’s direction, his forehead furrowed with puzzlement.
He had begun to feel like a stranger in his own home, as if he was a guest being careful not to disturb his host, and with growing unease, he had started to wonder whether he had overestimated his own importance in Sherlock’s life. There was a seed of doubt at the back of his mind that he had misjudged the extent of the man’s affection for him, and ever since that seed had been sown, he had been unable to subdue the thought that perhaps the fondness he had seen in Sherlock’s eyes and the love he had felt in his touch had merely been a projection of his own.
Sherlock was only remotely aware of that his amygdala, the emotional center of the brain, was attempting to override his prefrontal cortex, making it difficult to think clearly, hard to focus, impossible to stay calm. He cursed the fact that the region of the brain in charge of critical thinking and problem solving was failing because he couldn't keep his emotions at bay. His mind was a mess of incoherent thoughts and useless feelings, accompanied by the loud ticking.
He should have known it. He should have known that it wasn't going to last forever. It had all been too perfect, thinking back on it now, and he had acted like an idiot, like a love-struck teenage boy, believing that this time life would be fair, that it was finally his turn to be happy, to be loved.
A voice in the back of his mind was trying to tell him that he had been too slow, slow to observe, slow to realise that the consuming darkness was gone, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. Choosing to blame the drugs rather than his brain, he pushed the thought aside and ignored the voice that was trying to make him feel stupid and incompetent.
He wouldn't be able to offer John the life he deserved, not without his sight. John hadn't asked for a baby to take care of; he had more important things to do than to help Sherlock dress, help him shower, help him do everything. John had got bored with his job as a GP. He would get bored with Sherlock. John craved his daily dose of adrenaline; he wouldn't get it with a man who didn't manage to spread butter on his bread.
John had an aggravating habit of fleeing whenever they had a heated argument, but as much as Sherlock tried to convince himself that this time was nothing out of the ordinary, he couldn’t vanquish the thought that it was a prelude to John’s leaving him permanently. Because surely he hadn’t said anything that warranted such a strong reaction, he reflected. Admittedly, telling his boyfriend that his work was the only thing that he had left was a bit not good, as John would so aptly put it, but certainly the man should know by now that he was everything to him—a friend, a partner, a lover, a soulmate, his companion and one true love, his heart’s desire, or whatever other clichéd, sickly sweet word or mawkish expression there was to convey how much the man meant to him.
In an attempt to pull himself back to the present, to ground himself in the here and now, John concentrated on his senses, taking in the sounds and smells and sights around him. The air in the hallway was stuffy, dust motes shifting in the broad shaft of pale morning sunlight that peeked through the transom window above the front door. Everything was quiet except for the muffled drone of an occasional car passing by outside. The hallway felt oddly desolate and forlorn without the bustling noises of Mrs Hudson’s cooking that usually could be heard distinctly through the door of her flat—the sound of the kettle whistling, porcelain plates clinking together, pots of potatoes boiling, melted butter sizzling in the pan. Now, instead of the usual mouth-watering scent of freshly baked scones wafting in the air, John found himself surrounded by the stale stench of an unaired room, and suddenly, he was flooded with the urge to go outside.
“What are you doing?” There was a faint slur to his words, imperceptible to anyone but Sherlock, and a trace of concern in his voice. Sherlock heard him scratch something—by the sound of it, the scrape of fingernails against stubble, his chin.
There was a whiff of displaced air against his face, a rustle of movement, and then John was hovering before him again, wrapping a blanket around his shoulders.
He had talked with Greg and the man had told him to relax. Greg had tried to reassure him that it had only been a week and everything would go back to normal eventually. The word ‘normal’ had sounded so absurd coming out of his mouth, his voice filled with his badly hidden concern, and John hadn’t been able to stifle his laughter. He had laughed, a sharp, unhumorous laugh, raw and hard, an echo of pain audible in his voice. Normal. Right. Nothing would ever be normal again, not for Sherlock, not for him. Sherlock and normal didn’t fit in the same sentence, especially not when the word ‘blind’ was added to the mix.
“I’d hoped so,” Sherlock smirked, and John couldn’t help the grin breaking out on his face as he saw Sherlock’s mouth curve into a smile.
It was uncharacteristic of Sherlock to give up so easily, but John thought that the pain medication was numbing his mind, playing tricks with that brilliant brain of his.
Sherlock didn't cry often. He had learned early on that crying meant weakness and the weak would not survive; they would be eliminated from the gene pool by natural selection. Only the fittest and strongest would live, and strong people didn't cry, didn't weep. Sherlock was strong. Or, at least, he had been.
John pulled the front door open, and with a sense of guilt gnawing at his heart, stepped outside into the brisk morning air.
He had shouted his name, as though it was the only word he knew, again and again, like a mantra. He had shouted until his throat hurt, and his voice grew hoarse, and then he had shouted some more.
He heard the worry in John's voice despite his attempt to hide it. Sherlock winced unintentionally. He was in pain, it hurt more than John could imagine. It wasn't just his sight that had been taken away from him. He had lost the ability to look into John's dark blue eyes, to watch his sandy blond hair getting ruffled by him running his fingers through it, to gaze at John's perfect ass. To see him smiling and laughing. Sherlock's heart ached. It burned in his chest, making him feel nauseous.
He let out an irritated huff. His brain was getting out of control, Sherlock thought bitterly, slowly rotting away, taken over by ridiculous, irrelevant thoughts born out of stagnation. It was due to lack of intellectual stimulation, that much was obvious. His mind was starving for a mental challenge, for the unadulterated bliss of intense focus; it needed something to fixate on—a problem, a puzzle, a case, anything. Anything else than the dull, monotonous blackness that seemed to hang over him like a shroud, wrapping itself around him, tighter and tighter with each passing day.
Sherlock couldn't afford to forget John Watson. If he forgot him, he might as well just die. Even a knife in his chest or a rope around his neck would be less painful than forgetting the only person he had ever truly loved. The only person that made him feel like life was worth living. He didn't need cocaine when he was with him; John Watson was better than any drug Sherlock Holmes had ever tried.
Hi! I'd like to remind you that I'm open to constructive criticism. Even if it's just a grammatical error you noticed, please let me know, so I can correct it.
He felt so alone that he thought he was dying, dying, because if he wasn't dying, God knew what it would feel like.
Half-breathless, John paused at the bottom of the staircase. The surge of adrenaline that had been triggered by the unnecessary, frustration-induced dispute between Sherlock and him had reduced his breathing to harsh, shallow gasps. Closing his eyes briefly, he leaned against the handrail and directed his attention to drawing air into his lungs through his nose. With each step down the seventeen stairs of 221B Baker Street, his resolve had grown weaker and weaker, and as he stopped to linger in the hallway, he could feel the last vestige of his anger ebbing away, replaced by crushing sadness—the same sadness he had felt when Sherlock had shut the door of his bedroom in front of John’s outreached hand; when he, for the first time, had been denied a good-morning kiss, his lips landing somewhere near Sherlock’s ear as the man had discreetly ducked his head; when his suggestion of having dinner together had been met with an impatient “Not now, John”.
He found himself crouched in an uncomfortable position, his neck tilted at an awkward angle. The left side of his head was throbbing like a heartbeat, each pulsation bringing a new stab of pain behind his left eye. He grimaced, his eyelids falling shut again. As he stayed still for a moment, it dawned on him that he must have been out of it for hours. His tongue felt dry, sticking to the roof of his mouth, and there was a sour taste in his mouth. He was unacceptably thirsty.
John was caught off guard again, his eyes snapping back to Sherlock’s face. It was hard to interpret Sherlock’s expression, his glassy eyes staring somewhere above John’s head, empty, without sign of the usual spark. There were dark circles under Sherlock’s eyes, matching those under his own. “You’re awake,” John said dumbly, at a loss for words.
Sitting in that waiting room, having nothing but time, John let his thoughts wander into vain regrets, bringing back painful memories. John regretted every time he had been too afraid to tell Sherlock that he loved him. He regretted every time he could have said the words but he hadn’t. He regretted every time he had denied his feelings for Sherlock, just because he had been too scared, scared to love, scared of his sexuality. He had been too ashamed to admit that he was in love with a man, and he hated himself for it, for being ashamed of loving the most brilliant human being he had ever encountered. He had wasted so much time, and he had hurt Sherlock in the process. And now John was afraid that he didn’t have enough time left to make up for his mistakes.
John wished that he could comfort Sherlock in some way, but the only thing he could think of that would make him feel better was good news, and he couldn’t offer them, at least not yet. They had taken an MRI, another CT scan, and several blood tests, and John had got a phone call from Sherlock’s doctor who had promised to come and examine his eyes with an ophthalmoscope within an hour. Now the only thing they could do was wait for the results.
“Oh God, I love you,” John whispered aloud, although he knew Sherlock couldn’t hear him. His voice was hoarse with emotion, and John instantly cringed as his eyes threatened to fill with tears. He didn’t know why he felt the urge to cry, and he was too exhausted to think any further on the matter. Instead, he blinked several times, forcing the tears to stay back.
Sherlock came to a surprised halt as he heard a faint chirp; he directed all his concentration to the light sound that reached his mind.
John brought his hand up and pushed his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, grabbing a fistful of his dark curls and pulling gently, eliciting a soft moan deep from Sherlock’s throat. John hummed against his mouth, his tongue searching for Sherlock’s, swirling around his, as the kiss grew wetter, more urgent. Their mouths were hot against each other, and John could feel the heat of Sherlock’s breath against his lips as they kissed and kissed, reducing John to a quivering mess of need and desire.
“The bilateral swelling has destroyed the myelin sheath covering the optic nerves. Your blindness is permanent, Mr Holmes, I’m afraid.”
I'M SO INCREDIBLY SORRY. It's been forever since I updated, life got in the way and the past few months haven't been the easiest... I don't blame you if you have stopped checking for updates.
A little bird with a disproportionately broad, grey-brown chest and a large, rounded head fluttering above the dashing pedestrians, blissfully unaware of the pressures of ordinary human life, let out a high-pitched chirp, but it was drowned out by a fist-shaking man shouting obscenities at a cab driver. Undeterred, the bird spread out its quivering wings and dove downward, landing in a patch of sunlight that danced on a nearby windowsill. As if elated by the warmth, its breast puffed up like a lump of yeast dough ballooning under a tea towel, and it began to sing joyful, whistle-like notes, its buoyant call giving the promise of a pleasant, rainless day ahead.
If John had never bumped into Mike Stamford, if he had never mentioned that he wanted to move, he wouldn't be sitting in that hospital waiting room, waiting, dreading to hear his worst fears confirmed. If he hadn't met Sherlock, he would have probably dated women, had shallow, short-term relationships, never really falling in love with anyone. He wouldn't have been happy. But then, he wouldn't have been unhappy, either. He would have lived without the fear of getting hurt, getting his heart broken.
He was filled with anger and frustration, his unspoken worry weighing heavy on his mind, thought after thought wandering through his brain, drifting back to anger despite his attempts to think of something else, anything that would put his mind at ease. And John thought about the things that made him—well,
John felt as if they had been in the hospital forever, but a glance at the clock hanging on the wall told him that it was half past eight. The day hadn’t even ended, and yet the morning felt so far away, as though the happiness he had felt while lying in bed next to Sherlock was just a distant, dream-like memory. John stifled a weary sigh, focusing his gaze back on Sherlock’s peaceful face. Oddly enough, he looked so young, all his features softened, his lips slightly parted behind the oxygen mask, his dark eyelashes resting on his cheekbones, and a mixed sensation of affection and sadness developed within John.
John froze for half a second before turning around toward the source of the voice. A grunt of annoyance escaped his lips as he saw Mycroft, leaning on his umbrella, studying him with that all-knowing gaze of his. He was wearing a dark three-piece suit, perfectly tailored to fit his tall, sturdy frame, and a silver watch chain peeked out from his waistcoat pocket. The suit was expensive enough to make him stand out among the others in the waiting room. He looked exactly like what he was—a powerful, important man. A man who had a high position in the British Government.
And that’s why Sherlock’s words about his work being the only thing that he had left had felt like a sucker punch to the gut, leaving him reeling. Something about the way he had said “I lost everything I got” made his throat constrict until he thought he would choke. He knew how vital the Work was for Sherlock, but the knowledge that he felt like he had lost everything else of significance made John’s heart plummet to the pit of his stomach and something allied to grief lodge in his chest. He didn’t expect Sherlock to relinquish his work for his sake, nor did he want him to—it was what made him who he was, and John wouldn’t change a thing about him; he loved the man, irrevocably and wholeheartedly. But, and maybe it was selfish of him, he wanted to be something more than a sidekick, something more than a rag doll that was thrown aside and forgotten the second something more exciting came up. He didn’t want to compete with the Work. He wanted to exist in Sherlock’s world without the fear of getting discarded like an old toy when a new, flashy one appeared.
“Sherlock? You awake?” John asked, although he knew he was from the shallowness of his breathing and the occasional sigh.
John placed one last kiss on his lips, pulling away, and reached to caress the outline of Sherlock’s bottom lip with his thumb. After a moment’s hesitation, he began, “You say you’re fine, but just so you know, it’s okay
Seeing him like this was completely new to John. John had seen him immersed in his thoughts countless of times, but this was something different: the emptiness in Sherlock's eyes made him look like the life had been sucked out of him, leaving his empty shell slumped beside him in the black sedan taking them to the hospital. His beautiful face was so numb and expressionless, the whole being of him was so hollow, so distant. There was no frown between Sherlock's brows, no twinkle in his eye the way there used to be whenever he was reaching a solution—no indication of him being delving deep into his mind palace.
John Watson had always known that Sherlock Holmes was a dangerous man. In some inexplicable, indescribable way, he had known that from the beginning, from the first second he had laid eyes on those dark, unruly curls, and caught a glimpse of those brilliantly blue eyes, he had known. And no matter how much John dodged, refused, or denied, it always came back to that simple fact in the end. It was the naked truth. Period. No use embellishing it.
He had watched Sherlock walk further and further away, his silhouette vanishing in the dark night, and he had tried to force his legs to move with all the force he could muster—God, he had tried—but they wouldn’t obey his will, wouldn’t obey the simple command to run, leaving him standing alone on the cold, wet tarmac.
“Thank God,” John breathed, relief flooding over him. His legs feeling suddenly weak, he sank back down onto the edge of his chair, and closed his eyes for a second, allowing himself a tiny hope that Sherlock might survive.
John swallowed, the saliva in his mouth felt suddenly thick as glue. He wasn't ready for this, not ready to deal with a man unwilling to show his weakness, unwilling to say he was scared, that he needed comfort. That he needed John.
Sherlock Holmes had always considered showing emotions as a sign of weakness and love as a dangerous disadvantage. How ironic it would be if he were to die of a broken heart.
as love. Two long years of pining for Sherlock, yearning for his touch, his taste, for his lips against his; wanting to feel the smoothness of Sherlock’s skin beneath his body, those long fingers of his tangled in his hair. Two years of blaming him, hating him, loving him, until one night John had had enough, and every emotion, every thought, every memory he had kept secret had broken through the dam, laying bare everything he had tried so hard to hide.
John was jolted from his musing as the man next to him tensed momentarily before turning onto his back with a movement which somehow managed to look graceful—
“How do you feel? Are you okay?” John asked, trying not to sound as concerned as he felt, but he couldn’t keep the worry from creeping into his voice.
man, trained to keep his emotions bottled up, to keep cool even in a crisis, always able to rise above his feelings, be the master of them. And he tried, he
“I shouldn’t worry? Really?” John said, his voice rising, clenching his hands into fists at his sides. His voice sounded amused, but there was an edge of anger beneath his words. He closed his eyes, shaking his head slightly from side to side. John knew he should stop before he made things worse, but he couldn’t. It was all just so unfair. So, so unfair. What had Sherlock ever done to deserve this?
And it was at that moment John knew where he had to be, what he had to do. He felt like he was back on the battlefield, his heart filled with courage, ready to fight for his love, for Sherlock. He rose from the cushioned waiting room chair, straightened his back and squared his shoulders, settling into a soldier's stance.
A hurt expression appeared on Sherlock's face. John saw Sherlock's lips curl downward; he looked like a child denied candy, his brows knitted into a frustrated frown. Sherlock turned his head ever so slightly away from him and subsided into a sulky silence.
Yes, the room was untidy, John thought, but at least there were neither severed heads ogling him when he opened the wardrobe door, nor thumbs poking at him when he rolled into bed at night.
Turning his attention to the display of sandwiches and pastries, John searched the counter for something that Sherlock would find at least mildly appealing. The task proved immensely difficult.
It was too loud. Sherlock wanted to scream but no sound would leave his constricted throat. The desire was left lingering in the back of his mind as the neurons in his brain failed to fire.
“We will need to monitor his intracranial pressure until we find the cause,” the doctor paused when John sighed, and then he continued. “We’ll schedule regular check-ups.”
Groaning with frustration, Sherlock tucked his knees up to his chest and crouched sideways in the velvet-lined armchair with his slender arms hugging his pyjama-clad shins. He was acutely conscious of how rough the textured floral upholstery, usually so soft and silky, felt against his stubble-dotted cheek—every other sense seemed magnified tenfold in the absence of visual input, his sense of touch heightened to such a degree that a normally inconspicuous stimulus suddenly appeared almost overwhelmingly intense.
Sunlight was bleeding through the dusty windows of 221B Baker Street, swathing the bedroom upstairs in its pale-yellow lustre and throwing wobbling shadows on the walls. Everything was silent except for the soft hum of traffic outside, muffled by the tightly shut windows, and the faint, almost imperceptible sound of sleep-laden breathing. There were two men in the room, both peacefully asleep and perfectly oblivious of the clamour of honking vehicles and rushing passers-by outside, clutching each other like lovers cornered by a chainsaw-swinging serial killer in a low-budget horror film, limbs entwined like strings of the same rope, bare chest against bare back, one’s knee slotted between the other’s thighs as if moulded for each other, two pieces of a puzzle fitting snugly together.
“Sherlock, we need to get you to the hospital,” John's wavering voice came from in front of him, and Sherlock felt John's weight lift away from the bed, making him feel even more alone, lost in the endless darkness. The auditory input wasn't enough for him. Sherlock needed to see him, to touch him, to feel him with every fibre of his trembling body. As the familiar weight of John's body was gone, the distance between them suddenly felt longer. He felt as if they were a million miles apart; he couldn't feel John's breath tickling his skin anymore, nor could he smell the faint odour of his body lingering in his nostrils. He craved John's touch, he wanted John's lips pressed against his forehead, soothing him, he needed John to tell him he loved him, that he wouldn't leave him.
It had been dark, almost too dark to see, but he had still been able to distinguish the outlines of Sherlock’s back in the distance, his figure getting smaller and smaller as he got further away.
After a moment’s hesitation, he began walking. The air seemed to be getting thicker, and Sherlock breathed through his mouth in an attempt to get more oxygen into his lungs. He hurried his pace, determined to find John, the only sounds being his harsh breathing and his footsteps, a mere whisper as his bare feet shuffled on the linoleum floor.
Sherlock merely huffed. The pain had spread to the right side of his head now, and it was becoming harder to hide his discomfort. He could feel beads of cold sweat forming on his forehead and he was sweating through his T-shirt, the fabric sticking to his back. He hoped that John was too intoxicated to notice.
Before he even realised he had arrived at the canteen, the scent of freshly brewed coffee snapped him out of his thoughts. The canteen was nearly empty, with an older couple drinking tea at a table in the corner, while a middle-aged woman was spooning porridge into her daughter’s mouth at one of the tables near the counter. It was inviting with cream walls, wooden floors and beige cushions, nothing like the understaffed and hectic hospital canteens John was used to.
“You obviously can't get text messages from nobody,” Sherlock said, emphasising the last word in a tone that implied an eye roll.
There it was again, a familiar voice calling his name in scarcely more than a whisper, a voice tinged with uncertainty. Now he remembered: John.
, I need some time. Maybe I do need some time. You have barely talked to me since we left that goddamn hospital. Don’t you know that this is killing me? I’m your partner. I miss you Sherlock.”
