“John,” Sherlock’s voice is throaty – he’s close enough now that I feel his breath on my cheeks, can practically feel the heat of his body through our clothes, and it’s still not
She must think so too because she leaves in a huff, murmuring obscenities under her breath, clearly taking offence to John’s changed demeanor. Excellent.
don’t know – where I’m headed to only dawns at me when the cabbie asks for the address of my destination. The only thing I
There’s a residual smell of fabric softener as John leans more fully over me, the kind that’s available in cheap launderettes scraping by under dubious management choices. John hums, and I see the minute vibrations travel through the soft, ugly wool covering his sternum. I get the inexplicable urge to bury my face in it.
“So,” he clears his throat again, refusing to meet my eyes as I take the damned laptop from his hands. Maybe an apology—
“Oh, he’s visiting his sister this weekend I think,” comes the reply from Mike, and I suddenly feel like things are happening too fast for me to follow. Sherlock is here, wearing the same black coat he did last time, and the spike of adrenaline at this development sends my heart into an uncomfortable race. He looks exactly the same as I remembered: high cheekbones, hair artfully tousled, eyes a captivating mixture of green-grey-blue.
“Lisa Pushkin, lives in Dagenham, freshly mother of two. Not likely to leave her own bedroom before you get there, let alone the country.” Which is the sole reason why I’m not over there fetching her myself.
Well. That doesn’t mean anything though, does it? Sherlock certainly proved tonight that Mike wasn’t exaggerating about his genius, and if a genius takes five minutes to notice your presence in a room that hardly carries a positive message, let alone an encouraging one. Whatever reasons he had for coming to the pub tonight, I definitely didn’t make the list.
Well. This didn’t go nearly as bad as I expected. I left the flat two days in a row. Socialized, even, on both accounts. Talked about football and a… semi-mutual acquaintance, drank a very moderate amount of alcohol, and I even managed to leave my gun behind at the bedsit today. I believe Ella would call this a moderate success, if she knew about my gun at all.
“I need to go,” I say as I make my way over to the door, reaching for the handle more by memory than by actual sight. “I’ll come around on, uh… Tuesday?”
“Sherlock, what—“ I start but the doorbell rings again, and Sherlock waves me away, putting several steps of distance between us.
The thrill of the case consumes me with a ferocity I couldn’t have imagined in my wildest dreams, overwhelming to the point where my only reaction to Sherlock making me text a serial killer is an honest to god giggle.
His eyes are cold but determined, his tone firm enough to be believable. He looks almost like the Sherlock I lost on the pavement in front of Barth, and I suspect the sting in my eyes is as much from grief as it is from relief.
The redhead waiter slumps his shoulders and makes his way to the bar in a rush. It’s less than a minute before he’s back with a white plastic box, hands it over to John with an apology, and calls him ‘sir’ twice in a botched attempt at appeasing John. Because John is someone who needs to be appeased, now.
Ella says it would be healthy for me to leave 221B, so I guess I ought to start apartment hunting one of these days. Tomorrow, perhaps. That might make her happy, for a change. I don’t think she’s satisfied with my progress. Nobody seems to be, lately.
“We don’t… I don’t really want to hear about what he did while he was… away. And I don’t want to talk to him about what happened to me while he wasn’t here.”
“Sherlock?” Lestrade nudges my elbow, following my gaze to John, and no, no, that is not acceptable, John cannot be held responsible for this, for
That’s how we end up digging up trash in some random skip not an hour later, except it proves to be less than random when Sherlock unearths a bright pink suitcase, and we head back to his flat smelling faintly like homeless people and covered in rubbish, and it’s
There are two more people sitting at the table: a dark haired man to Mike’s right and a blond one at the far end, secluding himself subconsciously.
“Harry Watson. Clearly a family member; not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live.” Not good, that bit? John doesn’t flinch, so it must be fine.
“The dressing on his back needs to be changed every other day,” the stranger addresses me as he reaches for a brown bottle on the table, and Sherlock’s gaze flickers up to his face just for a second, frowning in obvious confusion.
At the back, near the now quiet hives, he’s got a comfortable little potting shed that he and John have insulated and now doubles as his workspace. An alone place. A place for thinking. John had installed a cast iron, wood-burning stove there, and Sherlock had commandeered John’s old military issue canvas camp bed and set it up along one wall. There’s a workbench on the other, under a bank of dusty windows, and above them, a shelf—a few notebooks, his old skull, beekeeping and gardening references, guides to local birds and wildflowers, and a few sheaves of paper, all bookended by jars of amber honey, and all contributing to a comforting sort of disorder.
And then, there was John’s love. Sherlock knows better than anyone what it means to have John’s love. He knows John’s depth of loyalty and the superhuman power of his forgiveness. Sherlock knows John’s heart.
Six months after his diagnosis, Sherlock wakes early on a cold December morning, curled up at the edge of the bed, a bit cold. John is snoring softly—on his back then—behind him. They often drift apart in the night. It used to bother Sherlock that they didn’t wake up as they went to sleep—pressed against each other—but it doesn’t anymore. He knows John is there, warm and willing, and just a touch away.
As for the sabotage, Seth had cut most of the way through the serpentine belt in John and Sherlock’s Volvo with his penknife. The car would run, but after the belt inevitably snapped, the power steering would give out, and together with the consequent drain of the car’s computer on the battery, it wouldn’t last long. When they stopped to talk to the doctor, it wouldn’t start again. There wouldn’t be any real damage to the engine, and the repair would be straightforward and not terribly expensive, but there was a good chance John and Amberley would be stranded overnight, waiting for the right part.
Needless to say, there were early signs that this idyllic quiet country life did not suit a young scenester with Brent’s appetites for stimulation of all kinds. Amberley stubbornly refused to acknowledge Brent’s boredom, which he saw as “black ingratitude”, and did little to allay his discontent. They often argued about money; Amberley says he felt like a cash machine and Brent, he says, complained of being trapped.
Despite Mycroft’s tone, Sherlock is aware that he doesn’t really hate his brother, and he knows Mycroft is right. Sherlock tolerates it and replies with the one thing his mind can’t let go.
“No police. Not yet. No proof! We need to get rid of Amberley,” he’d said to Seth. “We need to search his farm.” And, he’d thought, John would have to accompany Amberley to make sure he didn’t turn back, and to warn Sherlock if he did, but… He couldn’t know. John wouldn’t go if he knew.
So, I’d been sent on a fool’s errand with a murderer, in a sabotaged car. Oh, Sherlock. I was grateful, though, to have him back to his old self a bit, and I was still willing to play along. And anyway, God (and Sherlock!) knows I’ve always craved a bit of excitement.
“How can I not… hmm? I’ve wanted you all this time. Just… Sherlock. Stop.” He pauses and moves against his lover.
But John, old faithful John, had impressed upon their client that it would make the worst possible impression on the police, and indeed, upon us, should he refuse to follow up so important a lead. There’d been a charade of a phone call in which Sherlock asked their imaginary correspondent to give his letter to John, as he was too unwell to travel, and finally, Amberley had acquiesced and stalked out of the house. John had kissed Sherlock and smiled, and then driven away with a murderer.
“It’s something you can still do, Sherlock, if you wanted to,” I told him, “but it’s never been all you are.”
Sherlock is bent nearly double, his ear to the back of the troubled hive, when John comes across the lawn, a bacon sandwich on a plate in one hand, and a mug of tea in the other, smiling in greeting, his silvery hair ruffling in the breeze. After years of practice, he has overcome his wariness of the hives. The bees are docile when unthreatened, and John has learned not to react to them. He holds out the plate to Sherlock, who picks up the sandwich and takes a bite without comment.
Watching the doctor come did more to improve Sherlock's condition more than all of the medicine he had been given. He snuggled close to John as the doctor recovered from his orgasm.
"John, do something. Make him talk," Mary demanded as she set the tray on the coffee table and set about pouring tea for all of them. "He's got himself worked up and tied into knots."
The doctor was already kissing Sherlock when the rest of what Mary had said registered. He drew back. "What did you say?"
John knew his boy liked a little pain with his pleasure, so with his free hand, he slapped Sherlock’s arse. Next, he moved his hand lower and slapped his boy’s bollocks, eliciting a grunt of surprise. He kept slapping them, enjoying the sounds Sherlock made.
The government official could practically hear his brother’s eyes rolling. “Fine. I’ll consider it.” He rang off, knowing full well that he would be contacting Mary before the day was out.
Next, the sub unfastened his trousers and bent to take them off along with his pants. He made certain that John had a good view of his arse. He shimmied them off and added them to the rest of the clothes on the chair, then stood facing his Dom with his hands behind his head.
Doctor Dieter didn't seem very surprised. “I know you're an intelligent man, Mr. Holmes. I follow Doctor Watson’s blog. So think about the muscles in the human body. They can either be tense or relaxed. There's no in between. What I want you to do is clench every muscle in your body, then release. That will force you to relax. Try it.”
Mary entered from the kitchen. She smiled at the pair on the sofa. “No doubt about it, you’re a great father.” She sat down across from them. “These kids are going to be so lucky having you and John for dads.”
John drank in the sight of Sherlock’s naked form even as he removed his belt. The sub was absolutely breathtaking. He would look even better bound and gagged with his arse nicely cropped, but that would have to wait for another day. He ran the smooth leather of his belt through his hands. “Turn around for me, hands behind your back.” As he used his belt to bind Sherlock’s wrists together, he asked, “Is this okay?”
Once done, he went into the bedroom and put on pyjamas and a dressing gown. Sherlock stepped out into the short hallway and went into the kitchen where he found John waiting, sitting at the table. There was tea and toast waiting for the detective.
“I’m good,” I enunciate the words with more care than usual, testing them for cracks and breaks and chipped edges. I don’t find any, and the realization makes my smile widen. “I’m doing good, Mrs. Hudson.”
This, at long last, seems to shock the man into motion, and I breathe a sigh of relief over the haste he scrambles up from his seat with, phone at his ear as he struggles to put his coat on one-handed. Seriously, the priorities of people.
Two hours later I’m watching a rerun of some stupid quiz show when curiosity finally gets the better of me, so I reach for my phone, navigate to the sent messages, and open the last one.
His cheekbones are sharper than in any of the memories usually playing on repeat at the back of my mind, and I can’t decide if there is a bruise under his eye or if it’s just a trick of the light. The collar of his coat is turned up, his hands buried deep in the pockets, and he’s hunched in on himself just a little like he’s trying to hide from the flashes of the cameras that cast minute shadows onto his features.
Ah, yes. We exchanged numbers last week: he told me to give him a call if any complications arose from the concussion that I didn’t have. There were no complications, naturally, seeing as there was no concussion.
“Method of loci, yeah,” I wave his description away, which might not have been the best idea, if Greg’s surprised expression is anything to go by. “I looked it up,” I rush to add, “to see if it was real or if he was just… pulling my leg. Got that feeling a lot that night, actually.”
Cases. Anderson. James Bond movies, medical procedures, books and the solar system. Thai food. Music.
The silence that follows is eerily reminiscent to the one that settled over us in the hallway of 221 Baker Street, when I…
John – who looks decidedly concerned now – wastes no time in grabbing my head with both hands, tilting it forward to assess the damage, and I feel another bout of adrenaline releasing at the feeling of his fingertips carding through my hair. I let it happen. It’s admittedly liberating, being touched so freely. Not many people have ever dared.
I try my best to hide my fingers in my coat pockets on my way home, but the winter air grabs at them with startling ferocity, and for the umpteenth time I wish I had the mental clarity necessary to ask for my gloves back when I last saw John at Roland-Kerr College. They are from Macau, produced by a small, family owned tannery that never takes more than a hundred orders of a model each year, every single one bespoke to their new owner. I had to stay over there for three weeks to get them.
“No more ‘Dr.Watson’, eh?” I send him a glare as he marches over to a not even remotely inconspicuous black car, and the fact that I failed to notice
It’s not even Friday, but Greg had to skip the regular pub night yesterday due to another one of those suicides the papers have been raving about lately, and the semi-finals don’t wait for no one, so… here we are, just the two of us this time.
“Sherlock?” John asks again uncertainly as I step into his flat, but allows me the space to shut the door behind my back nonetheless. Good. It wouldn’t do for the neighbors to hear what I’m about to say.
Guess I will never have a basis for comparison in what your presence would change, so it doesn’t matter. What matters is that I’m going to miss you, Sherlock.
The sentence comes out a tad shaky but is still more of a command than a request, and for once I can’t help but be grateful for Sherlock’s newfound accommodative tendencies.
Twenty or so books fill exactly one of the eight shelves that used to be dedicated to them alone: Industrial Chemistry, Mathematical Physics, a few volumes of Wild Flowers As They Grow. The smaller box must have held the display cases of preserved moths and butterflies, shadow boxes with poisonous flowers, a few paintings and the occasional antique map that are now stacked neatly in the corner of the desk, presenting an almost surreal scene compared to the clatter they used to create.
“Yes,” I inflate the word with as much confidence as I feel, which is not much, sadly. I think I answered honestly, but God only knows if I’m genuinely in love or only trying to stuff Mary into a Sherlock-shaped hole with a desperation I’m terrified to acknowledge even on my better days.
John insist on searching the trash for the screwdriver so I lend him my leather gloves (“You shouldn’t be leaning forward with a con— after a
fine because the next minute we’re chasing a cab down the street and we’re jumping on rooftops, and we're pretending to be policemen and then running away from the
“I invited him, actually,” Stamford interrupts before I could deliver any of my deductions, looking up at me with a bright, welcoming smile. “Glad you could make it, mate.”
radar, at least – the moment you died. Hope he’s not going to start reminiscing about you, because God knows I do more than enough of that on my own, despite my better judgement. Not that he strikes me as the warm and fuzzy type who would do something like that, but I’ve seen stranger things happen.
I take the cane quickly and thank Angelo, intent on getting to the bottom of the reason for Sherlock’s sudden distress, but he speaks up before I could voice any of my concerns.
I don’t need to turn around to know he’s smiling, one of his rare, sincere smiles, and it's quite the effort not to glance back.
On her third pint, haven’t been here for more than half an hour. Index and middle finger yellowed from smoke. Grown out nails, sensible shoes. Anderson’s wife must be home.
Sherlock sounds hopeful, more so than I ever heard him before, and it hurts and angers me at the same time because this is wrong,
His voice is deep, deeper than I remembered, and I have to squeeze my eyes shut and concentrate on not throwing up on the worn rug because I
The good and the bad memories don’t seem that different now. They just… hurt. Ella says that’s normal. But then again, she says ‘that’s normal’ for nearly everything.
I confirmed the cause of death of Jennifer Wilson, something I’m sure Sherlock could have done perfectly well all by himself, I submerged myself in trash where Sherlock ended up finding the evidence, and I followed him running around London as we chased down a cab that did not add anything to the development of the case after all.
The victim is a young woman, Jennifer Wilson, and the sight of her lifeless body is staggering for a few short seconds, but Sherlock seizes my focus with his brilliance and his barbs at Anderson, and I’m
Sherlock hesitates only for a moment before giving a decisive nod, scooting back into his original position and within the reach of the medic again, but his eyes don’t leave the blond man’s hands as they dab a piece of gauze over the joint between his neck and shoulder, tugging the collar of his shirt away. His fingers slowly move into a half-formed, white-knuckled fist around his cast, and his breathing seems to be picking up a little speed on every exhale.
You’re a right bastard for doing this, I hope you know that. Leaving a note, you said. You left a note alright.
Except I haven’t used the cane when I run up the stair, wrapped up in a world of righteous indignation, have I? No. I don’t think I did. In fact, I’m pretty sure the cane hasn’t touched the floor of the apartment until I placed it next to my leg, into its current position.
I manage to peel my eyes open after a deep breath, and almost wince at the sight of Sherlock trying to subtly put as much distance between himself and the medic as he can without being called out on it.
I about to say exactly? This needs a delicate approach – something direct enough that it couldn’t be misinterpreted, but subtle enough that it doesn’t scare—
Two of the boxes are unpacked, but I can’t tell whether that happened before or after the last time I was here.
“Sherlock, what are y— oh Christ, are you out of your mind? Stop that right now! Put it out Sherlock, put it out!”
“Are you honestly going to start a fight over who has the right to be more offended just to delay your meeting with my brother for five more minutes?”
“You need stiches, mate,” John says, articulating clearly, slowly, as if I have a learning disability of some kind. What a preposterous notion. “You might have a concussion—”
“No more leads to follow for now,” Sherlock cuts me off with brutal efficiency, his posture stiff as he carefully directs his gaze anywhere but near me. “I will get back to it once something comes up again. Go home, John.”
A huff of breath tickles my scalp; the fingers are back, fiddling with my hair. The superglue is slipped into a pocket of faded blue jeans.
on a Christmas morning, firing off deductions at a speed I can barely keep up with, his intellect fizzling and sparkling like fireworks in the making as he manages to leave everyone in the room in a daze and wondering what just happened when he finally comes up to the surface of our reality for a breath.
On the fifth week we order burgers, and it’s not until Mike laughs at me for nearly choking on a piece of lettuce when the waitress ruffles my hair that it strikes me just how ridiculous I am being. The guy sitting next to me snorts into his beer, murmuring something about leggy blondes and being blind, and I feel like I should defend myself, but I never even learned the man’s name and don’t particularly care to, so what would be the point.
“Car?” he asks me, but I shake my head (and regret it immediately) as I try to convey the important bits as to the point as possible.
“Huh?” is my admittedly not too coherent reply as I look up from the process of repacking the medical bag with things Sherlock doesn’t even need, but it’s not going to be a previously undiagnosed allergy or a sudden spike of blood sugar level that sends him back to hospital. Not while I’m there.
Ella has no expectations, I know. There’s no right or wrong answer to that question, and yet, I find myself wondering if she would argue against the marriage if I said no. She's fond of reminding me how she's only supposed to provide guidance, not actual advice.
“Good shot,” I offer before John could utter a greeting, and I decide to clench any protests he’s about to voice in the bud with my next sentence. “Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t suppose you’d serve time for this, but let’s avoid the court case.”
waiting for me to… I don’t know. To start… talking. It was me who made it clear I’m not there as a mate, but as a doctor. I’m not angry with him for that. I’m angry with him for a lot of reasons, but not because of the… silence.”
There are mostly horizontal lines crisscrossing along his spine, some already scarring, a few still in the process of absorbing stiches. Knife cuts. Lash marks? A cigarette burn. Two. Not counting. That one looks like an old gunshot wound.
I let John fuss around with his rubber gloves and cleansing wipes and antiseptic, opting to take in the rest of the table while he’s occupied.
I’m feeling decidedly foolish by the third week, but Mike insists that Sherlock is bound to turn up on one of these pub nights again, sooner or later. The fact that Mike knows the main reason of my continual agreement to his invitations is more than a bit humiliating, but denial after he saw me practically drooling over the consulting detective would just push the issue into pathetic territory. Instead, I choose to cut my losses and endure the knowing smirks whenever my head snaps up at tall, dark haired men wandering through the entrance.
, has just turned into a sad attempt at fixing the scarred, broken soldier up with the brilliant goddamned supermodel.
After a minute of silence the cellist and the accountant share a look, stand up wordlessly and leave for the bar. The people in the pub cheer as one. One of the sweaty idiots must have succeeded in kicking the ball through the hundred ninety-two square feet surface between the goalposts. Honestly. You can build
“Right,” I manage after a minute of horrid, pitiful silence, averting my eyes so I wouldn’t have to watch Sherlock
The weight of that realization is both like a cold shower and hot coil that settles heavily in the pit of my stomach, and I have to swallow to fight down the nausea.
I never thought I’d say this about… well, anyone, really, but I think you’d like her. She bought me a pink cane and bribes me into using it in public, on occasion. It’s oddly fun.
My peripheral vision shows me Mike positively beaming in smug satisfaction. Not that I can blame him; John is truly—
“Here,” I say in a burst of exasperation, offering my own phone to the detective with an annoyed huff. “Use mine.”
It’s easy to tell his face must have been a mess, not too long ago. Split lip, bruised cheeks, a black— no, two black eyes, all faded and nearly healed over, but still visible enough to tell me just how bad it was. The scratch marks on his scalp look quite fresh, above his left ear, but Sherlock turns his head when he notices me noticing them, and I squish my reflexive protest before it could leave my mouth. So what if the marks are just the right angle to possibly be self-inflicted? It hardly matters how he acquired them.
,” he points to the first photograph I deposited on the table, “definitely looks like livor mortis to me.”
At first I’m not sure who the man is talking to, but the mention of Afghanistan would be too coincidental to be addressed to someone else, so when the other occupants of the table offer no reply I look up at the detective in confusion.
just killed a man,” I reply with a calculatedly careful tone, looking for signs of shock in his body language. His shoulders are a bit hunched as he keeps his hands clasped in front of his torso, but that might be due to the weight of my laptop that is concealed behind his jacket (black, leather, highly unflattering), and he stammers out a reflexive agreement before the information sinks in. He breaks eye contact after a long exhale which very nearly
She makes a noncommittal sound and scratches something down at the stack of papers in her lap. I hate it when she does that.
He must have arrived just minutes after I left with Hope, Mrs. Hudson let him up ("Oh, he's such a handsome young man Sherlock, and a
“I know,” I reply easily but my mind immediately flags the words as a lie, because I’m not angry at him, no, I just feel like my world is suddenly overstuffed and tearing up at the seams and there is so much space at the core that has been empty for far too long and yet the person who left that void behind doesn’t seem to fit in there anymore, not without forcing the air out of my lungs and there’s just not enough room for a breath and I’m brimming and where did all the air
Our immediate audience consists of two people: the cellist from before, and some tax accountant Mike procured from god only knows where. No, not Mike. Molly. Those two have a shared tendency for collecting strays.
For a moment I’m not sure how I should respond because Sherlock is clearly not alright: words like torture and shellshock are drifting around my mind every time I look at him, and he needs a friend, a real friend to help him through whatever this is, but I’m not sure if I can be what he needs me to be right now – not after he left me grieving my best friend for more than a year. I know why he did it, I know he jumped to save my life, and that feels like something I shouldn’t be allowed to hate him for, but…
I resist the urge to snort at his words. He has a doctor now, doesn’t he? I guess we’re not mentioning how said doctor just pushed him into a – for a lack of a better term – contained panic attack, or how Sherlock diffused it quietly, alone and with obviously practiced ease. Alright then.
I try to infuse an air of certainty into that sentence, even though we both know his chances of raising a bow again are rather… medium. Not bad, for sure, but it’s still a gamble.
Lestrade isn’t worried – knows me too well to be concerned about a slight disappearance in the middle of a case, but John…
I snort as I unpack the precious little stuff I still need to tend to his wounds, hoping to hide the tremor in my left hand under a million layers of nonchalance.
Lestrade calls John. Of course he does: he has ample reason to think John would know of my whereabouts, seeing how we left the crime scene together yesterday. But John doesn’t know.
“By the husband of the victim at the morgue.” I pull out another photo from the inside pocket of my coat, this one with the woman lying naked on the dissection table, intestines already missing. “This was taken by the diener about twelve hours later. Notice anything?” I ask the inspector pointedly, ignoring the cellist’s horrified gasp at the printed visual.
“So,” John says after he clears his throat, “this is how you get your kicks, isn’t it? You risk your life to prove you’re clever.”
It’s not a request, not even a little, as John Watson – Captain John Watson? – manhandles me into a wooden chair right across Mike Stamford.
saw the laptop on my desk, the red dot moving on the map as our cab drove away from Baker Street in the heavy evening traffic. Grabbed the laptop, caught himself a cab, followed the dot all the way here, saw me through the window preparing to take the pill, Hope holding a gun, and then…
I feel my cheeks flush into a no doubt unflattering shade of red, because no, in fact I have not realized that I do.
Right, I have thick hair. Curly too. I hope John doesn’t harbor any intentions of shaving it; it’s quite nice when intact.
Mrs. Hudson makes up for all the lost opportunities to chat with me within a few minutes, asking about the clinic and Mary and supplying me with the latest updates about Mrs. Turner’s knee surgery and gossip about her beloved tenants and their rumored plans of adopting a child. Sherlock is careful to keep his eyes on his phone until she leaves, but the tension in his muscles as I start on his back reminds me of our first encounter with the blond medic, and that makes me feel like we entered a minefield for more reasons than one. I clear my throat to catch his attention, but he doesn’t tear his gaze away from the small screen.
Ah. So much for a warm welcome. Not that I should have expected one, really, but still. I thought we parted on somewhat... amicable terms, last time.
He sends me a calculating look, and for a moment I wonder if gave too much away, but his expression shifts into approval, making me feel like I passed some kind of test I wasn’t aware I was taking.
No direct contact with fire, which is almost worse because the exposure to the heat must have lasted long enough to burn away the dermis. One minute? Three?
A second later I find myself on my feet without making the conscious decision to stand, ready to offer to take over treating whatever wounds Sherlock has left to be treated, because surely I can do better than scaring him all the way to the other end of the sofa, or reducing his breathing pattern into those shallow little bursts that sound almost painful and—
“Zero point forty-four millimeters per day,” I correct without thinking. “Stiches in the scalp should stay in place for at least ten days. Hair growth will render this method useless within three.”
“Sherlock, please,” his words are escorted with an easy smile, and I’m more than a bit dazed as I grip his hand, but he doesn’t stop to give me a chance to catch my breath. “Sorry, gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” and with a final twist of his lips, he is off.
Mary ups the volume a few notches but all I can hear is a constant buzz and my own quickening heartbeat, because he’s wearing
“Not interested,” I state plainly, holding up a palm for good measure. Have my fingers always been this bony?
The cellist and the accountant inch away from us and pretend to watch the game, content with the occasional wary glance in our direction. John puts the third wipe down on the table, which is still mostly immersed in red. Head wounds bleed a lot, but this seems excessive. Well, that’s John’s problem now.
Is it because they are the easiest targets to spot in a crowd? That could be upsetting, I suppose. Someone should teach them how to avoid snipers.
The detective thought about that. When he spoke, his voice was strong. “It’s about more than just me,” Sherlock finally said. “What if he’s still out there? He could be abusing another child right this moment.” He sounded angry, no furious.
Even though he was in trouble, he was still incredibly aroused because John's eyes were locked on him. Being watched by his Dom made him even harder and made him want to put on a show. He reached up with his free hand and traced the rope harness to his his nipples, pinching each one in turn. He writhed against the door, letting his head fall back against it and rock from side to side.
“It matters to me!” the detective shouted, surprising even himself. In a calmer voice, he added, “I have a right to know.”
“Understood, sir.” He shifted slightly on his knees. It was going to be difficult. He was already impossibly aroused.
Sherlock turned his back on John and answered his phone. “Lestrade. There’s been a fourth suicide. And there’s something different this time. Where?”
In sleep, I look at you your face, relaxed and youthful looking. Dark lashes fan against your cheek. Soft pink lips part and I barely hear a sigh. I long to brush back your fringe and place a kiss to your forehead. I envy you’re perfect hand that cups your cheek.
Finally finishing his coffee, the doctor ventured downstairs. He paused at the door to C and knocked. Hearing his boy call out, “Come in, sir,” he opened and stepped through.
John had cuffed Sherlock’s wrists to the headboard using leather cuffs and the eyehooks placed there for just that purpose. He stepped back and looked at Sherlock with admiration. “Okay, pet. Just rest there whilst I get undressed.”
When the detective came to, he was laying on top of John who was smiling up at him. “Like I said, brilliant.”
Several blows on and John knew his sub's arse had to be aching something fierce. It was bright red and with each strike, Sherlock’s feet kicked out at the floor. Not to mention the fact the Dom's hand was screaming unpleasantly itself. Still, his sub counted dutifully through his tears.
“Yes! I get that he missed a lot of my last pregnancy, but I can’t take much more of this being coddled.” She wrapped her arms around the detective. “You've got to get him out of here for a few days.” Mary drew back and looked into his eyes. “Find a case. Any case. Please. I’m begging you.”
John was uncertain what to do with a dropping sub that wasn't officially his. He thought he should get Sherlock into bed, then stay until he came out of it.
Taking the invitation, Sherlock went to his knees, getting comfortable. It made him feel warm inside to have the doctor smile down at him with clear love and admiration in his eyes. He opened his mouth and accepted the bit of food from his Dom's fingers.
Greg moaned and pushed back. He was eager to have the plug removed and his Dom's cock inside him. “Please, sir. I need you.”
Rosie wasn't happy about being left out and tugged on Sherlock's trousers. He smiled down at her and picked her up, then went to sit on the sofa with her on his lap. He pulled out his phone and handed it to her to keep her entertained for a bit. She promptly stuck it in her mouth. "So, when do we get started?" he asked, not shyly, but a bit nervously. He still thought he could perform as required so long as John was in the room, but the prospect was unnerving.
John laughed. “I wish I could get away with that. He just ignores me when I try. Actually, he gets all snippy with me.”
John was frantic. Sherlock had been missing for two days. Even Mycroft didn’t know where the detective was.
Sherlock leapt to his feet and followed her into the kitchen. "I deleted everything about pregnancy after Rosie was born."
The cab stopped outside 221. They climbed out, Sherlock paying the cabbie for once. As they entered the front door, Mary called a greeting up the stairs.
John and Sherlock stepped out of the taxi onto the pathway, the doctor paying the cabbie before joining his sub on the steps of New Scotland Yard. He paused for a moment, admiring the black leather of Sherlock’s collar against the pale flesh of his neck.
Sherlock found himself at MatchDs, standing outside of one of the small meeting rooms. In the end he had decided it would be simpler to meet this Dom, this John Watson, than to argue with Mycroft. At least it would get his brother off his back for a bit. He pulled himself up to his full height and plastered his most haughty, disinterested look on his face then he opened the door and stepped inside.
The sight of the detective crawling on all fours made John want to take him right there, but he restrained himself and followed him to the bedroom.
John soon had Sherlock tied so that his limbs were spread towards the four corners of the bed. He fetched a Wartenberg Pinwheel and settled between his boy’s thighs. “I know how much you like this. It’s just a little primer to get you going.” Not that the sub needed a primer. His cock was already impressively hard.
When they rang off, the former assassin fetched Rosie and her nappy bag, then went to knock on Mrs. Hudson's door.
Sherlock blushed furiously and shifted where he sat. “That’s not what people normally say,” he admitted.
Sherlock nodded, too satisfied and completely knackered for words. He closed his eyes and fell asleep. When he woke up, he had been cleaned and cared for, his arms unbound and nipple clamps removed. How he'd slept through their removal, he'd never know. In the peace of the moment, John held him gently and all was well.
With a chuckle, John reached over and pulled his sub down onto his lap. Sherlock stayed stubbornly stiff whilst the Dom carded his fingers through his hair, but finally gave in, let out a long sigh and went languid.
Knowing he was in trouble for how he had behaved at the Yard, Sherlock didn’t hesitate to obey, though his eyes shot to what was lying on the table next to John’s chair with some trepidation.
Sherlock glanced over at him from where he was stood on the coffee table examining the crime wall. “What?” he asked, his tone short.
It was cold and rainy as Sherlock got out of the cab at his brother’s estate. Sherlock stood, getting wet, outside the door. He was angry. No, he was infuriated. Lifting his hand to knock, he stopped as the door opened to Mycroft standing in the entryway. He was dressed in pyjamas and had clearly just got out of bed.
John nodded thoughtfully. "Yeah. It'll be good to get out for a bit." And he'd be right there if Sherlock needed him. "Why don't you get dressed and I'll call Greg?" In addition to asking for cold cases, he'd caution the DI against any mention of the rape. There wouldn't be a repeat of what had happened with Molly.
No sooner had Mary read the message, than her phone buzzed it her hand. It was a message from Mycroft, recalling her to the Diogenes.
Sherlock extracted himself from her embrace and rescued the tea, depositing the bags in the bin. He added sugar to his and handed Mary her mug. “I'll find a case. I promise. But...” The detective hesitated. “I can’t help but wonder, do you ever get bored, Mary. Do you ever miss it?”
I need to apologise to you for so many things. I'll start with the easy one. I never should have called you a machine. The moment you acted like you didn't care about Mrs. Hudson, I should have known something was wrong. You care about her so much. I never should have doubted you.
“Alright. But why bring John here to do that?” Doctor Dieter asked. “You could have told him what he needs to know at home where it’s more private.
Thinking of what Doctor Dieter had taught him, the detective placed his feet on the floor. He tensed every muscle in his body, then released the tension in preparation for getting his breathing under control. Even as he placed one hand on his chest and the other just below his diaphragm, he was aware of Mrs Hudson watching him. He closed his eyes and ignored her, only paying attention to his breathing and the motions of his hands.
“Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good.” John turned to face Greg. “I need to get this one home. I’ll bring him in to make his statement later. After the arrest.” He licked his lips. “Yeah.” He still needed to address his boy’s attitude from earlier, but god he wanted to take him apart and fuck him until he screamed out his name. He would. Definitely. But only after the punishment was over.
For his part, John stood in pleasantly shocked silence. He wandered into the kitchen, putting water on for tea. Despite everything, he counted the embrace as victory. It was nice to have one for a change.
After what seemed like an eternity, Joh head the familiar sound of Sherlock coming up the stairs. He quickly picked up his novel, not wanting to look like he had been waiting on the detective.
Sherlock swallowed hard. Now that he had said it, he realised that he truly wanted John there. “You know I hate repeating myself.”
John didn’t look much better, but he didn’t bother to hide his grin. “We'll come by in the morning, I promise, Greg. Right now, I definitely need to get this one home.” He gestured towards Sherlock with a tilt of his head.
Taking his time, John stripped. He felt Sherlock’s eyes on him the entire time. When he removed his pants, Sherlock’s eyes went wide as they always did upon seeing his rather large cock.
She found him stretched out on the sofa reading a book. Upon closer inspection, Mary found it to be What to Expect When You’re Expecting. She giggled, causing him to startle. “You can’t tell me that’s so interesting you didn’t hear me coming up the stairs,” she said as she breezed by him and into the kitchen.
Sherlock looked at inner John in awe. No matter where, in his Mind Palace or in the real world, John was his protector. It was humbling. He didn’t have time to contemplate it however, as the door rattled in its frame as something from the other side pounded on it.
John sat across from Ella. Pleasantries had been exchanged and she had asked what had brought him back in for therapy. He knew that he had never truly opened up with her for his past sessions. He also knew this one was going to have to be different if he wanted to help Sherlock.
“You better have found something,” she muttered under her breath. Slipping her gun into her waistband, she went in search of a cab.
Instead of pushing his boy away, he pulled him closer. “Yeah. That’s a much better use of your mouth, but you better enjoy it while you can, because you won’t like what I have planned for it when we get home.”
The doctor didn’t know whether to be relieved by that or concerned. He came down on the side of the latter.
"Don't say it doesn't matter!" Sherlock shouted, his emotions taking another one eighty. He had looked up and his glare struck John full on.
Instinctively, Sherlock drew his legs up, knees bent and spread wide apart in open entreaty. He wanted desperately to be taken then and there, but he knew John had other plans in mind.
The detective forced himself to relax, something he could only manage due to John's proximity. "It's nothing. I'm fine," he lied. "Go back to Top Gear. You passed it. It's that one you like so much." Sherlock slouched down on the sofa and leant against John's arm, ignoring the worry he could feel coming off the other man in waves. "If I wasn't so comfortable, I'd ask for tea." He hoped John would take the bait and be distracted. John did.
The doctor stood there a moment after Sherlock had left the room. “Sorry, Greg. You know how he is.”
There it was: another example of John's ability to give Sherlock just what he needed without asking questions. Well, without asking too many questions, anyway. The doctor was amazing. He was brilliant. He was everything the man himself had ever said about Sherlock and more. Somehow, the detective was going to show him how much he appreciated it one day. For now...
Eventually, the time seemed right. John turned his head and looked pointedly down the alley. "It looks like our ride's here," he told his friend. "I, for one, am inclined to take it. I'm starting to get cold and I still have this box of files to take back to the flat." The doctor waited a moment, then asked, "You're not going to make me walk just because you're pissed off at your brother are you?"
The detective growled. “There's no ‘but’ to it.” He stalked into their bedroom and started to get dressed, his motions jerky.
Sherlock couldn’t suppress a grin at his doctor’s show of strength. It always did things to him, made him want things that weren’t appropriate there on the street. He quickly produced a set of Lestrade's handcuffs and, together, they placed them on the man.
The psychiatrist gave them a professional smile. ”I’m Doctor Dieter.” He held out his hand and John shook it.
“After that, it was ridiculously easy,” Mary told John and Sherlock. “Mycroft took over and he was very persuasive in finding out your location. And here we are.” She hugged her partners again, not caring who was looking on.
The Dom listened to his sub count out the second blow, pleased with how this punishment session was starting out. He could feel Sherlock’s cock, thick and hard, pressed up against his thigh.
“Right.” John closed his fist around the vial and left the room, closing the door hard behind him. He wanted to scream, to hit something. He had thought Sherlock had been doing, not alright, but he had been making it day by day. It would be so much easier if he didn’t care, then he could walk away from the whole bloody mess, but John did care.
What he had said to John kept playing over and over in his mind. How could he have compared his friend to that man? He loathed himself. John would surely leave him now and he couldn’t face that.
The sub pouted a bit, then relented. “Good morning, John.” He couldn't help but smile. John looked adorable, all dishevelled from sleep. Yes, he decided, adorable was the right word, even for a Dom.
John brought Sherlock's knuckles up to his lips and placed a gentle kiss on it. “I certainly hope so.”
Sherlock sat up on the bed, one leg dangling off the edge, and looked at John. It should have hurt to see him standing there looking sick, but the artificial euphoria of the cocaine cushioned him from the pain. “Hello, John. You’ve come back to get your things. I’ll stay in here, out of your way. You won’t even know I’m here.” He stood up and tried to shut the door in his friend's face, but the doctor wouldn’t allow it.
John let out a breath he didn’t realise he had been holding. “That’s... good.” He tapped his fingers on the table top.
When Sherlock came untouched, it was with John’s name on his lips. He kept repeating it like it was his one anchor to reality.
Doctor Dieter regarded Sherlock for a few moments before asking, “Is there a particular reason why?”
"Mm, Sherlock?" Mary asked, whispering; John had fallen asleep. "You look too serious, love. Especially for the way I'm glowing. That was wonderful and I know John thought it was too." She moved her hand to cover her abdomen and rubbed it. "Maybe there's a new spark of life growing in here already."
I shall call you my treasure, my love, my heart until the surprise is gone. Until only profound trust and belief remain.
John suppressed a sigh at Sherlock’s reaction to just the mention of medication. He wanted to grab his friend by both arms and shake some sense into him. Medications weren't the invention of some demonic force. They had their place.
Mere moments later, they were on the bed together, naked. Sherlock didn’t feel any of the anxiety he had expected. John was far too considerate and tender to remind the detective of his past encounters.
“We love you. See you soon.” Hanging up John leant into Sherlock’s left side, being careful not to jostle his elbow. He closed his eyes, which earned him a jab in the side.
Mindful that Sherlock wasn't completely himself nor was he in complete control of his faculties, John decided to keep things simple. He would do just enough to fulfil the sub’s very clear need. To that end, he sat on the bed, back against the headboard. “Sit here between my legs,” he ordered, helping Sherlock settle against him.
“Then you shall have it.” Sherlock kissed the top of her head, letting his eyes fall closed. He was excited, enchanted and content. It felt odd. It felt good. It would only get better when John got home.
The detective paused, then nodded. Without another word, he headed to the bathroom. Once there, he stripped off his ruined clothes. He would bin them later.
John moved closer to his lover, wrapping an arm around his waist. "Do you think you'll love this new baby more than Rosie?"
Some time later, the front door went and John and Sherlock’s muffled voices could be heard. After a few moments, their treads could be heard on the stairs, then John opened the door, pulling a reluctant, sulking consulting detective in behind him.
The Dom knew exactly what his naughty pet was doing, but didn't give a fuck. Sherlock was beautiful like this, giving himself over to passion for John's sake. It made it difficult not to touch him, though. He wanted to step forward and kiss him, grind against him, fuck him, but he maintained control.
“I don’t know. Like being a father... only better,” Mary said, grinning. “Seriously, Sherlock, what do you mean?”
By the time John came home, Sherlock had calmed himself down somewhat. At least he wasn't rocking anymore. He sat on the sofa, curled into the smallest ball his injured leg would allow.
“Oh, God,” John moaned. “No time. I have to get to work, you naughty tart. But you’ll certainly be seeing to me later today.” John was already planning what he was going to do to and with his boy.
Soon, the detective had opened John with his fingers and had pressed his cock to the doctor's entrance. “Are you ready?” he asked.
When the doctor woke sometime later, he had his face pressed against Sherlock's thigh and he had thrown an arm across his legs. He made a snuffling noise, then looked up at his boy and smiled. “Good morning.”
Sherlock might have deleted his own birthdate, but John's held a prominent position in his mind palace. For that reason, he had planned and schemed quietly, not drawing attention. Each day after John went to work, the detective disappeared into 221C. He worked on his project in secret, returning to B each day before John got home.
When the detective woke over an hour later, he felt sore from the position he had slept in and physically a bit hung over from his panic attack, but now he felt strangely calm and at peace. He opened his eyes and, sitting up, took in the visage of John who looked concerned. "I didn't mean to fall asleep on you. How's your shoulder?" It had to be paining his friend.
The detective tried to follow suit, but sleep eluded him. He lay there, staring at the ceiling. His thoughts drifted restlessly, the image of the ginger from his dreams intruding on them. He tried to banish such thoughts by concentrating on his breathing, but the mystery of what had happened haunted him. That was when the thought struck him: the whole thing was a mystery... a case. All he had to do was treat it as such. He didn’t have to let it rule him.
Pouring more lube into his hand, John slicked up his own throbbing cock almost lazily. He pumped it whilst watching Sherlock and, when the time was right, lifted Sherlock’s legs up over his shoulders. Lining himself up with Sherlock’s entrance, he pushed his considerably sized cock in with one long thrust, causing Sherlock to gasp as he was filled completely.
After several pumps of his overstimulated cock, the detective cried out, “I’m going to come, sir. Please. I need to come.”
Sherlock shook his head in frustration. “No! I can’t. I always say the wrong thing!” He thought of the kisses that were no longer his because his Mind Palace had betrayed him and confused him with a riot of hateful emotions attached to the attack. He thought of his outburst and how he had hurt John. “I want him, but I can’t have him. I want to be with him. Last night, I had a nightmare about... it doesn’t matter. But John slept with me. We had to build a barrier of pillows so we wouldn’t accidentally touch in the night and trigger me! I should be over this by now!”
Mycroft's aristocratic tones answered, "Turn left down the next alley, Doctor Watson. Your presence is required." Before the doctor could ask why, Mycroft had hung up.
John knew he shouldn’t be going along with the detective, but it felt good. He glanced in the direction of the dim light coming under the container door. They wouldn't be found anytime soon anyway, he reasoned. His fingers curled in Sherlock’s hair. “You are a bloody madman.”
As if conjured by his words, Anthea entered the room. She handed Mycroft a brief report, then ducked back out.
Sherlock let out a bitter laugh. “Obvious. I should have thought of it myself.” He needed to make his mind kick into gear. He was tired of his thoughts moving like molasses.
The urge to rut against the bed was almost overwhelming, but Sherlock managed to resist. He gave a start when he felt John's hand fall on his arse cheek and give it a squeeze.
“I’ll try to make it interesting for him next time,” Lestrade assured him. “A bloody cork. Who would have thought?” He stood looking at the body as John followed after the consulting detective.
“I bumped my head, but not badly. I’ll be fine,” the doctor assured him. In truth, he thought he might have a minor concussion, but he didn’t want to worry Sherlock, not if he didn’t have to.
“Sherlock?” John called, heading towards his friend's room. He found the door was ajar and pulled it open. On the bed, he found Sherlock and, by his side, the wooden box along with the used needle and empty vial.
I love you. I should have said it before. I. Love. You. There. I have put it on paper. That’s why I need you. That’s why I need you to forgive me. I can't stand that I caused you so much physical and mental pain, that I hurt someone I love so deeply. Please, let me come see you. Please.
Unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, the doctor spoke, “You are the most wonderful, amazing, beautiful man I have ever known. I would wait for you forever.’
That made complete sense. Mary's window of fertility would be narrowing and there was increased chance of complications with greater age of the mother. "That seems logical." Sherlock smiled. "Another baby will be nice."
“Very well. I have brought a security detail along to assure her safety,” the government official assured her.
“I’m going to visit Molly at the Morgue. She has some specimens for me.” The sub took the offered strawberry, letting his lips linger on John's fingers for a few moments before pulling away.
“Love is a mystery that no one can solve. I just do.” John stood and crossed to stand by Sherlock. He reached out a hand hesitantly. “May I?” he asked.
, if that's still alright with you. I can't imagine anything better than being with the two people I love for this purpose." He rested his head against Sherlock's chest.
The detective came hard, his come shooting several feet in front of him. John laughed delightedly at the sight. “Are you okay, pet?” he asked.
The sub thought quickly. If he named a number that was too low, he’d only get himself into more trouble, but he didn’t want to name a number too high either. “Twenty, sir.”
Mycroft glanced at his nails, then back up. “I simply eliminated an undesirable example of humanity.”
John's mind was made up. He was going to follow Ella's advice and see how Sherlock reacted. Things couldn’t get much worse. That decision made, he phoned Mycroft and informed him of his plan. A short argument ensued, but the doctor won in the end. When it came to what was best for Sherlock, the government official almost always bent to John's judgement. Of course, if the doctor was wrong, there would be hell to pay.
"Just do it!" Lestrade snapped. He'd had enough of her. He'd be talking to his supervisor about getting her transferred off his team as soon as he finished talking to Sherlock and John.
The detective’s heart rate shot up even higher and his breathing became rapid. He barely managed to get out, “No. He stays.”
John was amazed at how the sub seemed to need him and accept him. He wondered how long it would last. If it was up to him, it would last forever. Still, there were so many things they needed to talk about if this wasn't going to be a one off. The Dom sighed. That would obviously have to wait until tomorrow when Sherlock was more himself.
"No problem," the doctor said as he stood to go make tea. After he had put the kettle on, he pulled out the paper Ella had given him with the list of referrals. He had already investigated them, though he hadn't actually expected Sherlock to agree to see any of them. Again, he wondered what had happened that day. John finished making the tea and shoved the paper into his pocket, then he carried the tea through to the living room, setting Sherlock's on the table in front of him.
John turned to him, frowning. "Was that another policeman, Sherlock? Do you know all the policemen?"
Mary and I shot out of our seats and ran to the front of the pub. There was a thick crowd surrounding them. As difficult as it was to get close, I managed to reach John and try to pull at his shoulders and arms to get him off this bloke.
Sidestepping people, he was surprised by Irene Adler in the middle of the pavement, holding a large box.
In the morning John woke to find the flat empty and quiet.  Sherlock was gone, Stamford too. Stamford left him a note thanking him for cleaning up the wrecked sitting room. John looked around--the sitting room was perfect--although it didn’t have a coffee table. The remains-the splinters and broken pieces were gone. All of it.
Sherlock’s right hand, hanging at his side, is alive -- the fingers tapping their own rhythm against the palm -- and ignored. There’s a slight stoop in his shoulders, but his eyes are keen and bright. It’s one year since his diagnosis. Since he learned that his mind and body were finally truly diverging, this time without his intending it. Sherlock knows that for today it’s something he can only just control, and he’s at peace with that. For now. He has other, more engaging concerns.
“Good?” John asks, his voice tight. Sherlock opens his eyes. It’s not always easy for John, he knows.
“Sherlock.” I said, craning to look up into his evasive face, “what have I got to do or say to make it clear to you that I am exactly where I want to be?”
Second? Seth. The boy was following John—that much was obvious—and in disguise, too! He hadn’t known Seth had had it in him! What possible reason could he have for doing it? And, how had he known that John would be at Haven Farm? Had he known?
Sherlock’s been well lately, all things considered. He’s eating a bit more, and he’s been in good spirits. He plays it all very close to the vest, but I think he’s come to terms with things as they are and seems to have it all well in hand. He’s deep into his own personal clinical trial with his bee venom therapy, and I have to admit, there does seem to be something to it. He’s been able to reduce his dosage of Carpidopa/Levodopa just a bit, to no ill effect, and has plans to reduce it further. I’m eager to see what happens, and less afraid of setbacks. Weirdly, I think setbacks would interest him as much as success, and that’s… fine, I guess. What he needs most is to be… engaged.
“You’re famous, Mr. Holmes! It’ll make sense!” Seth had urged, his young face bright with enthusiasm.
After a long moment, Sherlock reaches over, turning at the waist to bring his left arm over the stiff right side of his body to drop the tablet into the water. He watches it dissolve, swishes the water around in the glass, raises it to his lips and knocks it back, then eats the biscuit. It will take time for the dopamine to control his tremor, and the biscuit will help settle his stomach. Sherlock has found it’s best if he just waits it out right where he is while the drug does its work.
“Mm. No doubt,” Sherlock replied sagely, and I thought, with a hint of humour. “A tall, slender man in red trainers and a brown barn jacket?”
He’d found a kind of peace with it by sinking more deeply into the arms of his routine, his garden, his wintering bees, and his life with John—all comfortable and well-worn. He’d occupied himself with the mysteries of his industrious hives, the continuous—miraculous!—renewal of the garden. His experiments with bee venom had been a satisfying addition. Yes. The bees were his work now. He was, after years of turmoil, a creature of habit and warmth, living a gentler more generous kind of life… Lazy! Old! Devolving. He felt… guilty. His darker more thrilling days called to him as if they were (or were supposed to be?) his truth. His calling.
After it was all over—bodies found, statements given—I took Sherlock by the arm and led him out out into the disordered garden. He came silently and willingly. He was passive,  almost childlike in his docility. He looked around himself, at the shambolic garden, the thorny, tangled hedge, the neglected flowerbeds, then at me, his face vague and expressionless and said:
In the morning, we headed back, Amberley trying unsuccessfully to mask his ever mounting apprehension, me hoping my nonchalance was holding up convincingly. The journey home may have been fraught with fear and anger, but what I’ll never forget was the look on Amberley’s face when we got back to Haven Farm, and Sherlock asked him point blank where he’d hidden the bodies—it was twisted and nearly demonic; the look of a terrible, cornered beast. Of course, Sherlock already knew the bodies were in the plenum, but he couldn’t tell the police he’d (illegally) searched the farm (with Seth! My God). Accused and obviously guilty, Amberley went so far as to try to poison himself, but Sherlock sprang on him—with such agility! Amazing!—and knocked the capsules from his hand. Pentobarbital. God knows where he got it.
I don’t know. I tried to ask him, but he just looked affronted and retreated to the potting shed. I guess I’ll let him come to me.
His state when I got home, though, told a different story. I found him in quite changed— lying on the sofa, twitchy with tremor, stiff and sullen, alert but idle, the house dark and chill around him. It didn’t take a genius for deduction to see that he hadn’t taken his medication, or to guess that his lunch would be untouched in the refrigerator.
“But John,” he paused, “I feel like…” he shook his head, as if unwilling to go on, and then did: “After everything… I sometimes worry that… I… It’s...”
Sherlock stops resisting his impulses. He stands and closes the distance between them and pulls John to him. Pulls him close. John has hugged him, Sherlock remembers, and now Sherlock feels ashamed that he has never returned the gesture. He can do this. His hand comes up and holds John’s head against his shoulder, his fingers threading through John’s sandy hair. John allows it, but doesn’t respond in kind. He turns his face into Sherlock’s chest, struggling to control his emotion. Failing.
“Sherlock, my life is with you. And, really,” I added, “there has never been any question that you are indeed something of a singularity, and that I never had a chance of escaping you. I fell into your event horizon the moment I met you at Bart’s. There is nothing different about that now— with your Parkinson’s.”
Sherlock doesn’t know how much time has passed, but his certainty that Mycroft will comply is eroding by the hour, and the doubt in his mind is compulsive, like an itch that he can’t stop scratching until it’s raw and bleeding. Worse, he finds that Mycroft’s compliance isn’t the greatest of his anxieties, John’s is.
The only reason I wasn’t properly exuberant by the time the serpentine belt went was Amberley’s anxiety, which, by that time, was growing in malevolence by the second. His face had taken on a ferocious, pinched aspect, and was drawn into a sneer that made his nose look more than ever like the beak of a bird of prey. He was pacing and loomed over me as if he meant to threaten me. With the car in for repair at the local shop, there was little else I could do but install us both in the inn above the local pub—separate rooms, thank god!—and retreat. He was livid, and I was glad to leave him to his demons. Once I’d settled in to my own rather dingy little room, I was— still not angry, exactly, but not entirely amused to be stuck in a one pub town with a killer. Away from Sherlock.
Leaning back, his hands on his thighs, Sherlock is distracted suddenly by the index finger on his right hand, which will not stay still, but trembles and jumps out of phase with the rest of him. He is at peace, but his finger is…not. There’s a difficult-to-account-for feeling of fizzing numbness in the arm. It’s not the first time. Sherlock is aware, suddenly, that (as before) he cannot control it. The finger will not be stilled, and his arm feels weak and immobile. He feels... unnerved. He watches it dance and jerk for a moment, his face blank. He feels dismay. The loss of control disgusts him. He tries to make a fist and finds that he can’t, so using his left hand, he folds the right one into a fist and squeezes it, hard and tight, knuckles white, and wills the involuntary movement to stop. After a moment, it seems to. He holds the hand out and flexes his fingers. He lets out a long breath. It’s better. He puts it from his mind. Delete it. It’s nothing.
John stops, and holds Sherlock’s fingers in his own for a moment, looks down to see if they have stilled. They have, a bit. He turns to the hive for a moment, and finally back at Sherlock. Still serious. “When?” he asks.
Seth kneels to slide the frame gently back into the box, careful of the bees and their unborn queens. “Do you think they’ll be ok, Mr Holmes?” he asks, looking up.
Sherlock is so many things. He’s my partner and lover. He’s a flawed human being and he’s Seth’s hero. He’s a genius. He’s a gardener and bee-keeper, a writer, and a scientist. He’s a sometimes irascible, eccentric old geezer, who gives honey to all the neighbours. He’s genuinely kind, even when he’s not. He’s Parkinsonian.
There’s so much they both have to lose, but sitting there in the neurologist's office, his hands clenched in his lap, John can only think of Sherlock, betrayed by his body. He turns to watch his partner in profile, searching his face to see how he bears the blow. Sherlock has aged, but he’s still striking and arch—serious and arrogant in a way that John knows isn’t as impervious as Sherlock would like people to think, and it pains John to see the bruised dignity in the way he holds himself steady, his fear and horror held firmly in check. John can see that it’s all vibrating under his skin, which has gone papery and white. John knows Sherlock will contain it and keep it down, but he feels his own fear and sadness bubbling up liquid in his chest, filling him and threatening to brim over. He doesn’t trust his own voice, so he takes Sherlock’s hand, wordlessly laces their fingers together and squeezes, his smile tight and falsely bright. He knows his eyes give him away, so he looks at his shoes, aware that he’s hiding nothing.
The other Oast tower, though, had been bricked closed from inside the house, and there appeared to be no way in. They went outside and found the exterior, with no immediately visible entryway and surrounded by more tangled, overgrown hawthorn. It had looked impassable, but out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock had seen a cat. His cat. Ginger and white, slender and wending its way along the hedge. Sherlock had known—knows!—it's not real; just a figment of his pathology, a sign that his mind could no longer to be trusted to communicate fact to his brain, but he had unthinkingly turned to follow it when it disappeared  into narrow gap. After struggling through the tangled vegetation, they'd found a low, rusted, steel door, it's handle smoothed by signs of recent use. Ducking Inside, they’d found what could only be Brent and Doctor Ernest’s charred remains in the plenum.
He watches one of his workers as she darts in and out of each speckled bell-like blooms of a tall digitalis purpurea, marvelling as always at the sheer mechanical perfection of the creature’s minute, clockwork movements. Her striped abdomen pulsing rhythmically, dusted all over with pollen, her corbiculae already heavily laden, her legs working constantly to consolidate what she has foraged. She’ll carry it back to the hive to sustain her sisters in their endless, perpetual industry.
“Of course,” he breathed in reply, “but not right this moment, John, surely,” he said, wrapping his fingers around me through my trousers and squeezing. “Surely you can think of a better way to spend the evening?”
, little brother,” Mycroft returns softly, as one of his nameless minions comes in behind him with Sherlock’s clothes, cleaned and pressed.
“No, John. Don’t. If you’re so keen, you look into it,” Sherlock says, turning away. “I should start at the old farm.”
At the moment, there are no significant psychological effects to report (unless it’s just a peculiar blankness—but this IS Sherlock), nor is there any sign of cognitive impairment. Of course, those are the things I fear most, and those I suspect he won’t allow himself to consider.
I took his hand, laced my fingers between his and pulled him closer to me. He came, a bit unsteadily, but not unwilling, still not looking up.
Sherlock pulls his duvet tighter around his shoulders, and lifts his cold feet to wrap them in the ends of the duvet. Huddled tightly there, drifting. Seeing John’s face in his mind, imagining the pub in Bells Yew Green—grim, tatty wallpaper and threadbare carpets. Was he sharing a room with Amberley? The thought chills him.
“I was thinking,” John says, pulling Sherlock to him, laying his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder and chest, his hand sliding possessively over Sherlock’s belly, and down around his waist and hip, “that we could walk all the way to the sea tomorrow. What d’you think? Anything else on? Will you be up for it?”
Amberley and Brent had spent that afternoon in the pub, in the company of Dr Ernest— Sherlock knows him—the young doctor who works with me at the local surgery on Mondays and Wednesdays. Brent struck up the friendship with him, apparently. Ernest and Amberley were both keen chess players, but Amberley thinks it was all just a cover for the affair Brent and Ernest were having under his nose. That evening, Amberley and Brent had tickets to see the panto in Eastbourne at the old theatre. He showed me the tickets—but Brent complained of a migraine, and decided to stay home at the last minute.
“Yes, yes.” He he said, thoughtful now… and suspiciously evasive, “Very interesting, John. This seemed at first like a quite tedious tale, but now it seems rather interesting indeed. You’ve missed absolutely everything, of course but…”
The only problem at the moment is his diet. Getting him to eat, a trial in the best of times, is still more difficult than ever. We have managed to control the nausea, but he’s just got very little appetite. Not really new. What is new, though, is that he’s lost rather a lot of weight and looks like an aging version of the Sherlock Holmes I first met—thin as a rail, all angles, but—wrinklier. He looks delicate in a way he hasn’t since that first year we spent together, and frail in a way he never has.
I think I want to talk about the case with him. About what happened, about that phone call, and about what he said at Amberley’s farm. About what he meant by that. I want to know how he’s feeling. I don’t want to force him to talk if he doesn’t want to. Sherlock has always been very private. But— he doesn’t read my dramatic retellings anymore, and I feel like I want to process this with him. At the same time don’t want to force him to process it with me. Impose on him. Anyway, something tells me he’s not prepared to do so, and that waiting—patience—is the better part of valour.
“Mmm,” Sherlock replies. “And the buzz is higher in pitch. Can you hear it?” When the boy nods, Sherlock gestures, “Come round and watch the bees leaving the hive. Do you notice anything?”
We can never really know what it’s supposed to feel like, being alive. We only know what we know. What we feel. Sherlock’s always lived at a remove from his “transport”, except in the moments when he doesn’t. Perhaps it isn’t bothering him so much to lose its cooperation?
The holding cell is bare concrete and stainless steel, lit by buzzing fluorescents set in the ceiling. Sherlock has been aware of the buzz for some time, but he’s disorientingly uncertain of how long he’s been there. Consciousness is fitful, which isn’t logical, because he knows he’s uninjured. It’s as if he simply can’t pull himself back into the light from the murky depths of his mind’s silent rooms where none of this has happened, and where everything has just fallen back into place the way it should have done when he’d returned from the dead to give John his miracle.
“John?” he said to me, without turning. He paused uncertainly for a moment, tilted his head, and then, hesitantly, “I’m sorry. For... The case.”
“Good, yes,” Sherlock replies, as the boy lifts the frame he’s still holding up and looks more closely at it. There is uncapped larvae, but no eggs. “How long has it been?”
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock pressed, growing ever more impatient with every word of description. “What did he say?”
Anyway, from what I’ve been able to observe and get out of him, these are the symptoms he is experiencing: a resting tremor in his right hand and arm. Stiffness in his shoulder and neck, also on the right side, usually. Intermittent facial masking (but again, I wonder how much of that is the Parkinsonism and how much of it is him hiding what he feels, as is his MO). He’s been noticeably slower sometimes, and seemingly unaware of it, and generally, he seems—tired. Or low? His handwriting is erratic and sometimes very, very small. His gait is less fluid, and a few times I’ve found him about the house absolutely immobile, as if he’s just come to a sudden stop. He never seems particularly upset by it, but it’s looked to me as if he could not move until spurred into action by my prompting.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to do. He wants to stroke John’s cheek, and comfort him—turn John’s face up and kiss him, and he can’t. He wants to tell John all of his suspicions and all of the truth, and he can’t. He wants to be comforted and loved, but John can’t. He swallows back his ridiculous urge to sob, and they stand like that for a period of time Sherlock doesn’t want to reckon. John’s clean, soapy smell and his warmth fill Sherlock’s head, and the texture of his hair is softer than Sherlock ever imagined it could be.
“Come on, John! What do I care how he keeps his hedge! Cut out the nonsense and tell me what happened with Amberley!”
On reflection, perhaps I was a bit cruel. After all, it must have been hard for him to feel… out of it all. Anyway, after visibly stewing at my refusal to offer up any information, he finally exploded with frustration.
Sherlock looks nettled. “I won’t do it. Really, John, how should I know where he keeps things in his house?”
John breathes them into Sherlock’s skin. He runs his warm palm down over hip and flank, and back up to Sherlock’s chest, through the sparse hair there, and down again to his belly, sweet, warm, and soft under the duvet, presses Sherlock against himself, and then reaches deeper into the curve of Sherlock’s pelvis. Sherlock straightens his knees a little with a trembling sigh, opening himself to John’s touch. John strokes and hums against Sherlock's hair, kisses Sherlock’s white shoulder, and worries a piqued nipple. He is rewarded by a sharply in-drawn breath and a deep rumble of encouragement. He smiles against Sherlock’s skin.
At this, the boy had gasped, and then, abashed, he’d slid out of his seat to come forward, pulling off his scraggly grey beard and doffing his cap to fall heavily into the seat next to Sherlock’s, his hands twisting the gray mess of the beard in his lap, his eyes downcast.
Sherlock doesn’t reply for a moment, and then he does. “It’s a small town, John. Artist. Retired. Lives on the old hops farm with the Oast kilns at the southern edge of the village. Gay. Much younger lover…”
While he slept, I rang Dr. Novakova, who reminded me that depression is now thought to be part of Parkinsonian pathology. I told her about the case and the events of the past few days. It was clear to us both that it was probably a hangover, really, from all the action. We agreed that I should call her again if he didn’t snap out of it in the next week or so.
Sherlock stares into his eggs. Breathes. Looks through inky curls at John’s solid, homely shoes. Closes his eyes. Breathes. Puts the tray down on the bunk next to him, grips the edges of the mattress and raises his eyes to John’s.
Sherlock smiles faintly back, and turns back to his task. He’s preparing the ground for a new Anemone Hupehensis—a gift from John. It’s got two newly opened, bowl-shaped, deep pink flowers, with luminous yellow starbursts of pollen-heavy anther held aloft atop tall stalks with dark green maple-like leaves, and many more unopened buds. Male and female flowers on the same plant. Lovely. Perfect for the bees.  He buries his spade in the damp earth, breaking up the clumps with the edge and mixing in handfuls of peat—Anemones like acidic soil—before lowering the roots into place, patting the topsoil down around it, and straightening to sit back and examine his work.
Outside the gate, I’d met a man—tall, and thin as a youth, but with long grey hair and a scraggly beard and keen, ageless hazel eyes and worn red trainers. I asked him if the gate led to the main house and he nodded, looking at me quite searchingly. At this, Sherlock looked impatient again, and I told him to hear me out. I had a reason for mentioning the old man.
“It’s nothing you did, Seth. She was five years old. These things just happen. What will become of them without a queen? What must we do?”
They walk on in silence for a time. The woods are quiet and damp, and and it’s the kind of cold that seeps in, under the skin. John notices that Sherlock’s fingers are trembling, and takes Sherlock’s hand in his, squeezing it, lacing his finger through Sherlock’s. He pulls Sherlock up short to face him.
“I was… afraid. I was afraid I was… like Amberley. Twisted. Holding on to y-... My illness, like… a... a black hole. I had to solve it on my own to prove... I was afraid of... losing you, I think.” he said inarticulately, looking down further and frowning.
Seth, on the other hand, had been beside himself. He’d paced excitedly, his long arms and legs charged with colt-like, ungainly energy. “What next?” he’d urged, punctuating his excitement with sharp elbows, hands on hips. “Where to now? Is Mr. Amberley the killer? Mr. Holmes, is he? Should we call the police?” He’d been jumping out of his own skin, his eyes shining and avid. Just a boy… just a boy. So much energy!
“I do.” Sherlock looks at Seth, pleased, and almost feels like ruffling his hair. “They’ll be fine. They’ll get through this.”
I squeezed his hand and went into the house. Left him there in the drive to contemplate his winter blooms.
“I just wanted to help,” he’d replied, hesitant. Crestfallen. “I heard Mr. Amberley talking about Brent at the pub, saying he was going to consult you. I wanted to…” He trailed off, reddening. “And then I saw Dr. Watson at his farm and I…”
At first, Sherlock won’t admit that anything’s wrong at all. He’s dismissive—abrupt and cold in a way he hasn’t been in years. John knows better than to take it personally. By now, he is an accomplished master at managing Sherlock Holmes, of not rising to Sherlock’s barbs, of quietly pushing back just enough, but never too much. He is gently implacable.
It’s been three months to the day since Sherlock was diagnosed, and I think we’re finally getting somewhere with the drugs. It took some time to find the right dosage. He takes one dispersible tablet (for quick absorption) in the morning (carbidopa-levodopa 25/100), two more capsules at 6 hour intervals during the day, and then a controlled release tablet overnight. He’s got some lower dose tablets as well, in case he has an especially long day or needs a top up, but he refuses to consider them.
In Bells Yew Green, Amberley and I met with the supposed holder of the mysterious letter, who had no idea what on earth we were talking about. At that point Amberley, looking hunted, demanded to be driven home immediately, and I knew that he was the killer.
“I’m going to want you as long I’m breathing. I can’t not. We can do this. It’s... a blow, I...I’ll grant you. But it’s why we’re... Sherlock... I’m here.”
Shameless! And, wonderful. I put my hand over his, laced our fingers together and pressed his palm against my own burgeoning interest.
With Seth’s help, the back half-acre is now a pretty little Arcadia of bright, indomitable wildflowers swaying together in the soft breeze, alive with pollinators: flies, wasps, butterflies and of course, bees -- some of them Sherlock’s,  some, no doubt, their wilder cousins or visitors from other nearby hives, and still others are the fat, buff-tailed bumblebees from the new colony under the chimonanthus praecox in the drive. Sherlock loves the abundant wildness of it, the uncontrollable, perpetual renewal, and the way it will all go on without his interference, bees, flowers, seasons, always changing, always new and always the same -- for as long as it is left to do so.
It hasn’t been a good past couple of weeks. The medication, even in a low dose, hasn’t been easy to tolerate, and Sherlock has had headaches, dizziness, and nausea in addition to his other symptoms, which haven’t responded yet. I think he was more comfortable before starting the medication, really. Nevertheless, we’re increasing the dosage, perhaps adding domperidone for the nausea. Dr. Novakova says his body will adjust. What worries me most is his almost total loss of appetite. Getting him to eat is more of a struggle than ever before.
Sherlock can’t think of anything to say. He’s overwhelmed by so many things, not the least of which is almost suffocating love. He wants to tell John. He wants to tell John that he’s always been the ballast that has kept him stable; that he can endure anything, do anything, with John as his witness. He doesn’t say any of this.
“It’s him, John. Amberley. It’s—” Sherlock’s voice is rough and tremulous. He’s breathing harder than he realised.
John, who has been looking on all the while, listening, smiles warmly, his eyes soft, and does ruffle the boy’s hair.
At this, the boy had just let out a miserable, despairing breath, refusing to meet Sherlock’s eye. So that was it.
The silence of Sherlock’s cell isn’t breached until the next morning, when John enters, carrying a stainless steel tray. Breakfast. Dry toast, cold scrambled eggs, tepid, black tea. Disgusting, but Sherlock clambers gracelessly to his feet and takes it anyway. He sits on the edge of his bunk. Doesn’t look at John.
It takes Sherlock several drowsy minutes to remember what he now remembers every morning: that everything is different now—that
Sherlock cannot avoid the awareness that something in his chest is squeezing painfully. He’s holding his breath, in danger of drowning.
“Yes, I think you’ll find what you’re looking for there.” Mycroft looks smug for a moment, and then doesn’t. “Don’t be reckless, Sherlock.”
“Walk, John.” Sherlock says, and nods curtly to Mr. Amberley, turning back towards the door. He’ll wait outside.
The hawthorn hedge was just as John described it—gloomy, neglected, overgrown. The garden was wild and weedy, shamefully uncared for, and the house—a converted red-brick barn with two rounded kiln towers at the far end—was indeed a wonderful example of regional architecture, though ramshackle and disintegrating.
Sherlock says he’s fine, but he’s been withdrawn and uncharacteristically passive. Depression is natural under the circumstances, and research now says it’s an integral part of Parkinsonian pathology. He hasn’t seemed sad, exactly, just... pliant, I guess. Expressionless and apathetic. It’s so unlike him. I worry that he will lose some measure of his independence to this illness, or his character, and I don’t always like my role in mediating it. I want to take care of him, but I—
Today he seems perfectly normal—he’s checked the hives for mites, watered the garden. I can see him now through the windows in his potting shed, sitting at his workbench, bent over his manuscript. He’s said nothing to me about the diagnosis.
The garden looks beautiful in autumn. I think it’s my favourite season. All the plants are fading and the apples are ripe and red. It’s misty and chilly in the mornings now, and the sun’s coming up later. Sherlock is always up with it.
“Well…” Seth begins, “We need to requeen, right? First, we need to know how long it’s been since she was here. We need to look for eggs and brood!”
“Oh?” John asks. He frowns, and the line between his eyebrows deepens. He’s holding the plate like a butler, but sets the cup of tea down on top of the hive. Attentive.
Amberley had been re-painting the lintels of his studio and archival strong room when I arrived, I told Sherlock. A strange activity, in light of recent events, and strange too that he was using an oil-based paint when there are so many less malodorous, and every bit as durable, acrylic options nowadays. He showed me the strong-room. He’d kept some of his more valuable work in it, along with a shocking amount of cash—he said it was for emergencies—which, along with the paintings, were stolen the night Brent disappeared.
And why? Sherlock can find no reason that makes any sense, so it must be that, as always, he is not a detective; he is a contemptible, vain, ridiculous peacock. A drama queen. A broken, rapidly degenerating idiot. Why? Because now John is hours away, stranded in a one pub village with a broken-down car, probably sharing a room with a murderer.
Wouldn’t you know it, but Sherlock has found studies that posit BEE VENOM, of all things, as having a protective benefit to dopaminergic neurons, and studies have indeed shown that it has some efficacy in reducing Parkinsonian symptoms. What are the chances?!
Sherlock is in his shed, smoke coming from his chimney and the smell of his wood fire is one of my favourite things on a day like this. There was a frost last night, and the garden is under a fine layer of silvery ice.
In the end, Sherlock had decided that it didn’t matter what Mary was; her child—John’s child—had to be protected. Mary had to be protected. Protecting Mary was protecting John.
When he moves to sit up, he is confronted by all the (now familiar) reminders: his neck and shoulder on the right side are rigid and immobile, his right arm numb and heavy as stone, and at the same time, fizzing with the strange energy of his condition. After a few moments, he pushes himself up, slowly and carefully, trying not to wake John, and yes—he finds that he is stiff and trembling. It’s an effort to roll his shoulders back and lift his chest and head. His neck is stiff, and won’t turn to the right without pain. The fingers on his right hand are trembling and jumping where they rest—beyond his control. He can feel the peculiar buzz of his tremor through his elbow and all the way up to his shoulder.
Sherlock is so quiet. He answers me, but initiates nothing. He hasn’t been out in the garden, even. I asked him if he wanted me to have Seth do anything, and he just shook his head. He’s been— shaky, blank and, I don’t know. I found him yesterday afternoon in the passageway between the kitchen and the stairs just standing there as if frozen. When I touched him, he came to life like I'd woken him from a dream. He almost seemed startled. I asked if he was ok, and he said “A little tired, I think” his voice absolutely flat.
Amberley and John set out at about 16:00, Sherlock texted John with strict instructions to inform him when they were on the way home, and Sherlock and Seth headed straight for Haven Farm on foot.
“Uh huh,” Seth says, uncertain, watching. “Oh! they do!” He acknowledges finally,  turning to Sherlock, rapt and eager. “What does it mean, Mr. Holmes?”
So, in short, he’s as usual. He keeps himself busy. Big plans for the back half acre, and hours of business everyday in his potting shed. He reads a lot. In the evenings, he sits with me in my study half listening to me go on about the stars, half in his own world, or we watch telly together, me wedged into the corner of the sofa and him draped over the rest of it, his head or feet in my lap. He’s been warm and affectionate. I’m happy to report that after an initial slow-down following his diagnosis, our sex life is much as it has ever been, since we fell into being quiet old codgers in the countryside who sometimes feel their age. That is to say, perfectly satisfying, if less fevered and frequent than it once was.
I asked him if he was. He said, “Of course, John, why do you ask?” I told him his face was so blank it was hard to tell what he felt, and that he’d just seemed—passive. He thought about it for awhile. I left him alone. Later he came into the kitchen and put his arms around me, kissed me, and said he couldn’t explain, but that he was fine. Really fine. He asked me not to worry about him.
My other fear is that he (we?) won’t know his Parkinsonian symptoms from any other garden variety ache and pain of the aged, which we are rapidly becoming. I worry that he will become anxious watching his body (or that I will), seeing pathology in everything. Part of me wonders if I’m being selfish pushing him towards immediate medication because it’s hard for me to see him like this, and it doesn’t make me feel any better that Sherlock seems to be abdicating. He says only a fool argues with his doctor.
Sherlock loves the eager look in Seth’s eyes, how fascinated he is by the bees. He watches as the boy lifts the honey super off the top and puts it down on the grass, and then smokes the bees in the deeper brood box. Then he takes the smoker, and watches patiently, as Seth lifts each frame, examines it, eliciting his observations, prompting  where he needs to, and keeping watch over the bees, brushing them gently away with his fingers as Seth slides the frames gently back into place.
“Stress can make it worse, Sherlock, but you’re ok. I’m ok. It’s all fine. Take a small dose and get some sleep. You know you need it. I’m fine, really. I know what I’m about. Don’t worry about me.”
If I were still blogging, I might call it “The Adventure of the Retired Colourman” (to Sherlock’s inevitable, deeply felt, and unmistakably expressed chagrin). The whole thing was over before it began. Sherlock solved it almost effortlessly, and in less than a day.
Sitting in his office, surrounded by hand-drawn maps of the stars—white pencil on black card, the heavens as he has seen them from his dormer window—he places that clenched fist and the tremble that preceded it into the constellation he knows best. John doesn’t delete things, certainly not things about Sherlock. He knows that tremor and the subsequent white fist for what it is: a material disturbance in the concrete poetry of well-known joints and limbs. It’s a symptom, and like celestial light bending around an impossible density in the endless mystery of space, it’s a lens, focused on a diagnosis that is not at all unlike a gravitational singularity that John knows is inexorably drawing them both towards it. When he puts all of it together, John sees the shape of something dark and dense, and not at all distant.
Some 28 hours after leading John to bed, Sherlock finds himself there again, this time tremulous and stiff, wakeful and restless, cold, wracked with fears and misgivings, and… alone. Alone in their bed for the first time in… Years? Could it be years?
“Help you shall, Seth,” he’d said after a moment, as kindly as he could. “I’m for Eastbourne to check Amberley’s alibi. I’ll need someone… for the legwork.”
There were some rough days with the side effects, and he still has some shaky moments if he forgets to take his pills on time, but Sherlock seems well now. He seems more like himself again. He’s sleeping better most nights, and good sleep means better days. Mornings are a bit slow and shaky, but he’s alright once he gets going.
Sherlock sits on the edge of the bed for a moment before going into the bathroom to take a pill. He eats the water biscuit by his bedside. This time, when he lays down, sleep comes easily.
The colonies are healthy and productive, relatively free of mites and disease, but Sherlock has discovered that the colony in the last and smallest of his three hives, the one nearest the edge of the garden, the one Seth has been keeping this summer under Sherlock’s watchful eye, is queenless. Though the colony’s industry is undiminished, stores of pollen and honey are outpacing brood. The bees are restless. The diagnosis is certain, and the hive is in danger of collapse.
He breathes. He focuses his attention on his breath and observes his own thoughts, aware now of the intractable fatigue that’s creeping like a fog through his consciousness. He’s just so tired—so deeply tired of pretending to be indestructible and omniscient when he’s really just feeling flayed open—aching, heartbroken, and as fallible as any man. For months now he’s been struggling against a riptide of irrepressible emotion, and now he’s finally at sea, drifting further and further into the deep. In all the flash and noise, he lets himself float away into profound silence, and it’s a relief, rare and precious.
I have in my possession two sealed letters from my colleague, Dr. Andrew Ernest, whom I have been told has gone missing, one for you, sir, and one for Mr. Josiah Amberley. I was instructed to give them to you and Mr. Amberley, only in person, and only if something were to happen to him. I hope I am not in error in contacting you now. Please come to see me as soon as is convenient for you at…
I’m going to start keeping this journal in my office in town. I need to be able to record what happens and what I feel without the concern that Sherlock will read it.
So many plans he’d thought were carefully laid—dashed. Now only gaol or exile await. If only he’d been as good at being dead inside. If he had been, none of this would have happened.
It seems harmless enough—he knows it’s not real, he’s not confused—and it doesn’t frighten him, so we’ve taken it in stride. Sherlock says he rather likes having a phantom cat. Much more tolerable than a phantom hound, he says!
“Oh for God’s sake, John. This is a tawdry and entirely obvious story. Must you tell it in such mind-numbing detail?” Sherlock interrupted. “What was the idiot doing when you arrived? What did you see? Did you collect any data of any use whatsoever?”
That said, the discovery has really perked him up a bit, which is brilliant. Sherlock is a great believer in the healing power of bees, and he does love an experiment. I’m a great believer in anything that brings back the mad bugger I fell in love with. I haven’t seen him in awhile. If that’s bee venom, then I love bee venom.
. Something has changed between them, but Sherlock has too little data and is too compromised by sentiment to deduce what it is. He rises to his feet as John’s hands fall slack at his sides.
Sherlock tilts his head back, turning to seek John’s lips—finds them. His cheeks are wet. John kisses him, tastes salt, and aches. Sherlock tilts his head back further, half turning his shoulders, eyes half closed, his head on John’s pillow. His mouth falls open and his breathing deepens.
“Well, obviously, Amberley thinks Ernest seduced Brent away from him and that they’ve run off together with the money and valuables. The very thought seemed to drive him into a fury. He tore up a picture of he and Brent together at an opening in London, and raged that he never wanted to see the bastard again. He told me that if he ever saw Ernest again, he’d not be responsible for his actions.
“Oh Sherlock. That email? Bells Yew Green? The car? What was it you once said? Elementary. I know you! I soon as I saw you with Seth I knew. Red trainers. I thought… why would he send me away? By the time the car broke down, I was certain. You searched his house?”
“Absurd!” Amberley had said when Sherlock told him he had to go, “Who is this person? What can he possibly know of our affairs?”
I was a bit… I’m almost ashamed to admit it now, but I was angry. Why would he do this to himself? If I’m honest, I felt like he had done it to me, so we could both suffer. So selfish and idiotic. I’m sorry to say I let him see it. Without speaking and with little kindness, I gave him a dispersible tablet, a cup of tea and some toast and sat opposite him in my chair. I was loathe to throw him a bone, and I thought it might be more effective to appear disinterested. Let him ask me. I opened the paper and played hard-to-get while he recovered from a long day of not taking care of himself.
Sherlock doesn’t know whether he really is one of the unworthy, but he does know that the only way to find out is to endure, and do what he must. If these are his final days, he’ll live them fiercely. He’ll live for John, and for Baker Street. He’ll be as brilliant and ruthless as he can be in exchange for the hope of future cups of tea shared in companionable silence on rainy London mornings. He’ll fight for that life with every bit of intelligence and resilience he possesses, and if he dies, he’ll die knowing it was for the only thing that really mattered.
He also told me about his dreams—the ones in which his body is twisted and made unreconisable by pathology. What terrifying thoughts. It's no wonder he’s been low. As he told me, though, it was if he was visibly lightening—throwing off a burden. Perhaps it helped to share them—made them less powerful somehow? Or, diffused them in some way? We’ll see. I hope so. It certainly helped me to talk, once I’d learned to. I’ll remember for next time. Perhaps I could be more help.
“Sher—” John starts, choking. He steadies himself, shakes his head as if to clear it and fixes Sherlock with stormy eyes, his right hand clenching, unclenching.
More than an hour passes in what feels like a blink. Feeling John’s presence in the doorway, Sherlock looks up from his work, turns and smiles, but… John isn’t there. Strange. He was so sure. Sherlock peers out of his now steam fogged windows at the house and loosens his muffler. The kitchen lights are on, glowing warmly in the blue morning light. John is up, then, but not here. Sherlock returns to his work and 10 minutes later John does materialise with a steaming mug of builder’s tea, strong and sweet, and a plate of toast slathered in butter and marmalade. Clean-shaven now, and handsome as always in his particular, weathered way.
I went on. I told Sherlock that I’d been struck by Amberley’s size and strength, something I’d never really noticed before in his visits to the surgery. His expression was fierce and eager and gave his whole presence a kind of aggressive rapaciousness. I also noted that his garden was absolutely untouched and gave one the overwhelming impression of neglect. The house itself, with its wonderful rounded Oast towers—a fine example of the vernacular architecture of this part of the country—was sadly ramshackle and as unkempt as the man himself.
Mycroft’s chin tucks down, as he raises a wry eyebrow and ever so slightly grimaces. He doesn’t reply, but Sherlock sees his answer in the way his eyes look suddenly glassier, and turns back to face the wall again, relieved.
The scent of the flowers was strong—not sweetly floral, but spicy and penetrating. I realised I had smelled them from down the road on my walk home. No wonder the bees had moved in. We stood still for a time, watching them in silence.
John is thoughtful. Finally: “You’re perfectly right, of course. About everything. His lover did leave him—just last night. He suspects Dr. Ernest. They played chess together—he and Amberley.”
In the maelstrom that follows Magnussen’s murder, Sherlock turns to face the light and noise and assumes the position, his heart pounding in time with the blades of the helicopter that’s blinding him. He knows the red dots of the laser sights are crawling over his skin, and his knees hurt. After a fraught moment staring into the cacophony of light and noise, he closes his eyes with the kind of infinite gentleness that’s only possible in the midst of the most appalling chaos. John is behind him, and Sherlock can feel his panic and confusion—his laboured breathing, his pounding heart—as if they were inside him, as if they were his own lungs and his own heart.
At Dr. Novakova’s suggestion, we’re starting the process of titrating the dosage of Sherlock’s medication, which I’ll supervise in consultation with her. He’s starting with  a low dose of carbidopa/levodopa, 3 times a day, and we will be slowly increasing the dose until his symptoms respond. We’re trying the controlled release tablets at night, also starting with the lowest dosage, which might help him sleep and lessen the effect of the drugs wearing off overnight. It could take months to get the dosage right. In addition, he’ll be on a lower protein diet (aids absorption) and instituting an exercise regime – perhaps just daily walks for now, and later something prescribed by his physiotherapist, when he’s assigned one?
Behind him, the hives are active, buzzing with the incessant labour of their multitudes and headily fragrant in the warmth of the sun: pine, wax, honey and the slight, organic mustiness of fermenting pollen. Sherlock loves it. Loves watching the bees alight and return to their landing platforms, entering the hive heavy, laden with nectar and pollen, and leaving it lightened of their loads by their nursemaid sisters, ready to collect more -- tireless and endlessly fascinating.
The buzzing in Sherlock’s nerves is louder now, a constant low-end sinister hum, his left hand and arm, pinned under his pillow, are alive with it. Lately, he’s been dreaming of himself, warping impossibly in ways that he can't describe on awakening. Strange, horrible dreams in which he has become nothing but a litany of bizarre symptoms—bent, his limbs twisting and contorted, unable to move or speak, unable to trust his own perceptions, alone in rooms full of phantoms, terrified. Alone.
I haven’t been keeping this diary up as much as I’d like to, but it’s probably because things have been good.
Sherlock  turns and squares his shoulders. Manages to lift his chin to look Mycroft in the eye and stop himself from quavering. His face says that he will brook no argument, but he feels like he’s just written a cheque he can’t cash.
Sherlock looks down at his sleeping partner. John’s forehead is now pressed against his naked left hip, his breath warm and humid against Sherlock’s flank, and Sherlock remembers another thing. He loves this time of day. Loves the quiet, solitary morning, when his emotion towards John can simply be, without an audience, and without the pressure of expression. He runs the fingers of his steadier left hand through soft, silvering hair at John’s temple, feels the pulse there—feels grateful. Sherlock likes being alone, and while John’s incoherent, sleepy mumble and the huff of his breath against Sherlock’s skin makes him feel loved, raises gooseflesh and the familiar warming throb of vascular sexual response, it demands nothing of him in return.  Sherlock smiles down at John and then, sobers. John who has never been lucky in his choice of companionship. John who must now watch him degenerate.
Sherlock had no choice and he says so, his voice cracking. Ridiculous. He turns away as the look in Mycroft’s eyes softens further and veers too close to understanding and pity (and gratitude?) for him to bear.
I woke up early, but he was earlier still. I looked out into the garden to see his potting shed dark, and in the kitchen, I found a half finished cup of tea, as well as the undeniable evidence of a soft-boiled egg and toast.
Watching from the attic window, John sees the fleeting expression of helpless consternation in Sherlock’s face, and the clench of Sherlock’s white fist, and his smile fades. He’s seen that before, too, and he’s seen what caused it. There have always been plenty of things that are just Sherlock—Sherlock being Sherlock—but John is a still a practising doctor. He aligns that little tremor with the way Sherlock’s voice has gone strangely and unconsciously quiet sometimes; the way his face has moments of unnaturally expressionless smoothness; the way he sometimes finds Sherlock standing in the hallway, between rooms, motionless, as if arrested mid-transit, frozen in place until activated again by John’s presence. He’s seen the disordered and sometimes Lilliputian handwriting in Sherlock’s bee-keeping journals and on the random lists Sherlock sometimes leaves lying about the house. He’s noticed that after years of peaceful sleep, Sherlock has again become restless at night, sometimes flailing awake, confused and disoriented, still immersed in his dream, or other times jolting into consciousness with his feet twisting, or his calves cramping and stiff, begging John to massage them out and ease his pain.
John backs away and leans against the opposite wall, his arms crossed over his chest. His wool and cotton clad presence is comforting and warm, familiar but interdicted. He waits.
Sherlock has managed to procure his bee venom cure, too. In addition to foregoing protection when managing the hives, he’s self-administering intramuscular injections of a gel suspension of freeze-dried, purified bee venom (!!), and he has an acupuncturist twice a week (sent by Mycroft, of course!) who treats him with subcutaneous bee-venom injections at acupuncture points. After about 5 weeks of this, he’s decided he wants to try lowering his dose of carbidopa-levodopa.
He did stop, then, and looked into my eyes. His were wet and pale. He looked at me searchingly for a moment.
“Well, the bees are agitated… and they’re… busy. They’re making a lot of honey and storing food, but… in the brood box? Are these drone cells, Sherlock? Or… Oh. No.” The boy looks up, his face suddenly full of worry. “Mr Holmes, the queen…?”
John presses Sherlock for details. Sherlock knows it’s not nothing, but he’s singularly unable (or unwilling?) to remember, or to deduce himself. He’s afraid. John sees Sherlock’s fear and wonders if it’s a cowardice of his own that he doesn’t want to be the doctor here. He doesn’t want to be the one to diagnose Sherlock. He wants to be a partner, equally powerless and frightened. He wants his fair share in the devastation. He withholds his suspicions and takes Sherlock to see a colleague at the local surgery where John still sees patients as a GP two mornings per week.
“Four to… about 9 days?” Seth asks, his eyes lighting up when Sherlock nods his agreement, “and… oh! These must be queen cups!” he finishes excitedly, pointing at the larger, protruding cells.
"Oh, and also! Remember the tall man I met outside? Well, as I was turning into our gate, I saw him again in the lane! I’m sure he was following me!"
“There’re a lot of pollen stores… and honey stores…” Seth observes, “...in the deep hive body? Is that right, Mr Holmes?”
Apparently, some French Parkinsonian beekeeper who’d started a course of injections of bee venom to desensitize him to being stung found that he felt better and needed less medication for the Parkinsonian symptoms with the bee-venom injections than without.
I’d arrived at Amberley’s at about 11:15 this morning and noted that his house, once the seat of a flourishing hops farm for the production of a fine local brew (but now fallow), was called “Haven Farm”. The neighborhood was much like the rest of the village, but his house itself, unlike any others in the vicinity, was surrounded by high, crumbling stone wall covered in lichens and mosses, and an even higher Hawthorn hedge, thorny and twisted, and it must be said—ill cared for.
The boy has shot up in the past few months, and at 16 is not quite as tall as Sherlock once was, which is to say, he is as tall as Sherlock is now. His long, bony limbs are comically coltish and awkward in his bee suit and red trainers. He carries his veiled hat at his side, his ginger hair shaggy and unkempt.
“Mmm,” Sherlock assents, laying his cheek against John’s hair, tightening his arm around John’s shoulders and pulling him closer, “why not?”
It had been comforting, then, to remember that Seth was just behind him, unnaturally silent. The boy was practically holding his breath.
It hadn’t been until Sherlock was rattling along on the bus that he’d  thought of being… well, rattled. Could he do this? Could he really?
is different, and will never be the same. Even though it has never not been so, he’s more aware than ever of faring forward in an increasingly faulty vessel, towards an inevitable terminus, and as it is every morning, the idea is painful—a strange dissonance when he is so happy. He thinks of his garden, his bees. John. He thinks how strange it is that love and loss are such inevitable bedfellows, because for this moment, lying in bed with John, still and warm in John's arms, Sherlock feels alive and well, and perfectly normal. Perfectly like himself.
In the end, they’d decided to address the e-mail to Sherlock himself. Make it sound like Dr. Ernest had predicted that something might happen to him.
He told John what he needed to tell him to make him take her back. Sherlock’s suspicions are damning, but they are no more than suspicions. There’s no proof. He told John what he had to so that he would make Mary feel safe, make her feel like she’d won. Enough to keep John’s child safe, and most of all, because Sherlock is selfish, to keep John safe.
Sherlock seems to have taken it—really, I don’t know how. He’s unemotional. I wonder how much of his mask-like expression is a symptom of the illness, and how much of it is just him acting like himself. Like nothing touches him. I’m trying to keep my emotions to myself. This isn’t about me. But, if there’s anything I’ve learned from being with Sherlock, it’s that loving another person means being vulnerable to pain and loss, and I can’t deny that I feel both.
Sherlock has to call him. He has to call John. He reaches for his mobile. His hands are shaking and hard to control. John is on speed dial. Just one button.
The boy’s energy fueled him—took him out of himself. Swept him along. Maybe something to eat would help. More medication. Yes.
“A fickle friend and a treacherous, youthful lover? An old story, John, and a boring one. Amberley’s a fool. I’ve got too much on. My paper, the garden…” And, after a pause, looking down at their joined hands, his own fingers trembling not with cold, but with pathology, adds softly, “I’m not interested. I’m not the man I was.”
John draws in a deep breath, his brows knitting themselves together, his eyes filling suddenly. He’s glad Sherlock can’t see his face. He shakes his head, bringing his nose and lips close, breathing in the warmth of the soft skin and disordered curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, and speaks in the tone that no one else will ever, ever hear.
So, today something—I’m not sure whether to call it “interesting” or “disturbing” —happened. This morning I went out back to bring Sherlock a cup of tea—he was up early making preparations to feed the bees. When I came out, he was in the potting shed making notes in his beekeeping journal. He looked at me out of the corner of his eye, without turning, and asked me if there was a cat in the room with us. There wasn’t.
Sherlock does have times when he is slow, creaky, stiff, sore, or shaky but he bears it well. He tires easily, but he’s sleeping better, too. He’s been—more than usually—warm and affectionate. He’s eating—not much!— but it’s better. His phantom cat continues to be harmless, and he’s as sharp-minded and acerbic as ever when he wants to be.
“Seth,” Sherlock says archly, lifting his chin in greeting to his apprentice. “Ready to inspect the hive?”
At first, I was very taken aback and worried, but Sherlock rightly reminded me that hallucinations are a common side-effect of dopaminergic treatment. He’s not wrong, and though it seems he is ahead of the curve in terms of having them quite early in his treatment, it’s not unheard of. A bit of reading confirms that it’s estimated that as many as 40% of Parkinsonian patients on dopaminergic treatment have them, and that they may actually be under-reported by patients, who fear the ramifications of admitting them.
“I love you,” John whispers, burying his face in Sherlock’s wild hair, stroking slowly, with a sure and practised hand, tightening his grip just a little, moving faster. “I love you.”
John looks pleased. “Seth will be by today. He’s home on his winter hols. Have you got anything for him to do? He’s keen to see you.”
By this time, Sherlock was sat up on the edge of the sofa, elbows on knees, hands folded together under his chin. His right hand and arm still shook a bit, but he paid it no mind. I told him that the very first thing Amberley had said was that he was terribly disappointed that his troubles didn’t seem important enough to warrant “the personal attention of the illustrious Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock scoffed in dismissive frustration and threw himself back into the cushions of the sofa.
He feels movement against his calf and ankle and looks down to see the adolescent ginger tom John had (in a bout of what can only be described as unconscionable sentimentality) given him at Christmas after The Last Case. The cat is a prim, finicky creature whose lavish affections are bestowed exclusively on its own terms, as is its not inconsiderable viciousness. John had insisted on calling it Biscuit. A ridiculous name. To his chagrin, Sherlock loves him -- there’s no other word! -- ludicrous, tiny, insignificant creature that he is, and the feeling is mutual. The cat is insistent, rising up on his hind legs to rub his wet nose against Sherlock’s trouser leg. Smiling faintly, he bends to reach down and stroke the animal’s proffered head with his steadier left hand. It trills at him in response, undone by pleasure. A proper hedonist.
“Her younger sister was pregnant at the time, father unknown.” Respiratory rate increasing, licking lower lip. Not flirting – subconscious move. Hmm. “I believe Mr. Hopkins is due for a paternity test.”
“Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses say it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – this model’s only six month old. Marriage in trouble then, six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left
I met someone. She’s smart and beautiful and we spent the entirety of last week almost constantly in bed. Her name is Mary, and she seems to be the first person who doesn’t say things that remind me of you every goddamn five minutes. I think I’m going to marry her, someday, if she agrees.
The fourth time proves to be especially catastrophic because Greg brings Sally along again, and she comes decidedly close to snarling at me when I offer to buy her a drink as a way of apology for my lack of manners last time. Not that I feel terribly sorry, but giving a half-hearted apology sounds much better than sitting across a sulking sergeant the whole evening. Somehow, I end up doing both.
The detective threw himself down on the sofa down in 221C. Rosie immediately climbed on top of him. “Play!” she demanded. Sherlock made a fiercely grumpy face and picked her up. He held her high above him and flew her around like she was an aeroplane. She kicked and squealed all while he made aeroplane noises.
"But you haven't even met any of them. Here." Mark pulled the laptop over and pulled up three profiles: two women and a man. "Look at them, eager sub's all. I can arrange for a meeting with each of them. If you'll just..."
“No, you're not,” John countered. He cupped one of her breasts, kissed her. He continued to make love to her whilst Sherlock held her, taking delight in her pleasure.
After a moment, Sherlock let his hands fall from his face and he nodded, though he turned his head to look away from his friend. The anger and frustration that had driven him out of the flat in search of drugs had fled. In it’s place was a new kind of fear and a terrible guilt. He wanted to hide. He wanted to be comforted. He hated himself for both desires.
With his hands at the nape of his neck and his arms held up in perfect posture, Sherlock bit into the bar of soap. The only sign of displeasure he gave was a wrinkling of the nose though the soap tasted hideous.
John removed his fingers, knowing Sherlock was ready. He lined himself up and impaled him with one thrust.
"Um, yeah, it's okay." John pinched the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. "What's okay?" he finally asked, groggily, wondering what he had missed.
When the doctor returned, his boy was already asleep. With a smile, John lay down beside him and cuddled him in his arms. He couldn’t imagine life without his beautiful boy. Thankfully, he didn’t have to.
“Stop fidgeting,” the doctor mumbled into Sherlock's neck. When the sub failed to comply, John nipped at his neck and growled. “You are impossible.”
“This is the best kidnapping ever,” John said his voice sounding groggy. Suddenly, he started giggling. “I can’t believe you just sucked me off in a storage container.”
“Relatively. Sherlock broke his arm and I have a bit of a concussion.” John had said it lightly, trying not to worry her. It didn’t work.
With a hand on the small of the detective’s back, the Dom guided Sherlock upstairs where he unlocked the door to the flat. He ushered the sub in and closed the door behind them.
Eventually, Rosie roused and insisted on being fed. After that, she was content to play by herself for a bit.
Without stopping to think, he rushed towards his friend’s bedroom. John opened the door to find Sherlock sat upright in bed, his trembling hands covering his face. “Sherlock.”
“Alright. That’s something, at least.” John wiped his hand down his face. “You look horrible. Go get cleaned up, then we can talk.  It would give him a chance to gather himself. “I’ll let Mycroft know you’re safe.”
John had gone out in the early hours of the morning and purchased an inexpensive collar for his sub. Sherlock deserved something so much better, something unique. He was going to find a position as a doctor at a local clinic and save his money for an appropriate collar for his sub. For now, the leather one would have to do. Sherlock seemed to be proud of it, anyway.
Mycroft glanced at his brother, noting the large bruise on the side if his face. "Yes, I can see that. Walked into a wall, did you?"
“I will. Thank you.” With that, Mary went up to B to get John's gun. She retrieved it from the lockbox and rushed back down to C where she threw on more suitable clothes.
John and Mary's laughter came from the kitchen, but it did nothing to soothe Sherlock's nerves. They were happy, celebrating the decision to have a second child with Sherlock as the father. For his part, he paced the living room of 221C, one arm crossed over his chest. The fingers of his right hand were tugging at his curls in a fretful manner.
“Whatever it is, it’s fine.” They had things to talk about, but this wasn’t the moment for it. John was more than willing to wait until the morning to face that struggle.
The cab came to a stop, John in the detective’s lap. He shook his head, reorienting himself. Immediately, he noticed Sherlock’s pained expression. “Where are you hurt? How bad is it?”
Reluctantly, the sub did as ordered. Immediately John took a cock cage out of his pocket and fit it on Sherlock. After that, he took out an anal plug, lubed it generously and worked it into his sub's entrance. With a slap on Sherlock’s arse, he told him, “All done. Get dressed and back to work.”
The doctor didn’t like how Sherlock had acted. There was simply no way the detective could be taking things as easily as he seemed to be. John was so tired of all of this. He could only imagine how Sherlock must be feeling.
“Where the hell have you been? Two days. Two days, Sherlock and no word from you.” The doctor clenched his left hand into a fist. “What were you doing and where were you doing?” the doctor demanded to know.
The moment the older lady opened the door, Mary thrust Rosie into her arms. “It’s an emergency. I need you to watch her. Please. John and Sherlock have been abducted.”
In Sherlock’s Mind Palace, the door to the closet he had locked his dream and subsequent surmises into rattled loudly. “Yes. It would be... helpful.”
“Oh, fuuuck. It's so good, sir. So good.” The DI had his palms pressed against the wall. He wanted desperately to reach down and stroke himself but daren’t. “You make me feel like I'm flying apart, sir. Please, sir, may I touch myself?”
Sherlock was thrumming with anxiety about the upcoming appointment, shifting and fidgeting in the chair.
"Oh," Mary said, awed, as realisation hit her. She reached up to wipe the tear away. She kissed it off her thumb. "I didn't see, not until now. John. John!" She called out, reaching over the detective to shake the doctor awake. "John. Tell Sherlock it's okay. Tell him now."
The information she had received from Mycroft indicated a specific room in the hotel. The former assassin made her way to it. Once there, she slipped a card into the magnetic lock. It scrambled the system and unlocked the door.
“Of course. We should have known something was up when you disappeared so early in the evening.” Mary went over and hugged Sherlock. “Don't ever change.” She gave him a kiss on the cheek, the picked up the dishcloth and tossed it into the sink. “I'll deal with that later.” With that, she left the kitchen.
It was less than an hour before Mycroft made his appearance. He stepped into the flat without announcing himself, as was his want.
They both glanced towards the bay, seeing John clasping Sherlock's hand. The detective had turned his head to face John's. It was a positive sign.
John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Couldn't she have just brought home the wrong person.” At Sherlock’s blank look he added, “You know, for a shag?”
The consulting detective rolled his eyes. "It's obvious how she died.” He crossed the kitchen and picked up a champagne cork with his gloved hand. “When she was opening the bottle, the cork popped with great force and hit her in the temple. She wasn’t murdered at all. It was a complete accident.”
"It's fine. I'm fine." John resisted the urge to reach up and massage said shoulder, but he did allow himself to stretch. He fully expected Sherlock to move away from him now that the detective was awake, but Sherlock remained seated close by, their thighs touching.
"My sperm is good!" Sherlock dashed over and kissed Mary on the cheek, then he swept Rosie from her arms and swung her around and around. It was strange being so happy about something he hadn't cared about just a few short weeks ago, but he was ecstatic. "We need to tell John."
Greg slapped his friend again. “Open your eyes. That’s an order.” He breathed a small sigh of relief when the lids on Sherlock's eyes parted. That small response gave him hope that they weren’t too late. “Boy, what's my name?”
The Dom bit down on Greg's shoulder and didn’t let go for a long time. It satisfied something deep inside him, knowing he was leaving a mark that would bruise. He also gripped his pet's hips tightly. They would bear the marks of his fingertips. He knew his sub relished these things as much as he did so indulged in them shamelessly.
John looked at Sherlock, licking his lips. His original plans for the night before in the forefront of his mind. He held out a hand to the detective who took it, and helped him to his feet. “Go wait for me on the bed, pet. I’ll be right there.” He watched as his boy went eagerly to their room. This was going to be fun.
John winced, feeling a bit guilty. “Actually, that was an afterthought. I didn’t think of it until I realised Sherlock’s brother was in your office and I used it as an excuse to delay talking to you.”
“I will work on figuring out their location. Are you at the Home Office?” Mary headed to her laptop and opened it.
Sherlock had a different idea. He turned to face John, then fell to his knees, wrapping his arms around the Dom’s legs. “You killed him. For me.” It was the only thing the sub could focus on. John, a Dom, had not only assisted him with the case, he had killed for him. It kept repeating in his mind. No one had ever done anything like that for him before.
When they got to 221 Baker Street, Sherlock just stood there staring at the door. John reached into his pocket and pulled out some keys. He quickly found the correct one and let them in. “Which flat?” John asked quietly.
From the moment you rise in the morning to the moment you reluctantly allow sleep to overtake you, my eyes are drawn to you.
The doctor calmly said, language, Sherlock. He would have gagged him again, but didn’t want to get Tiger Balm in his mouth and the stuff was hard to wash off. Instead, he kept working his boy's cock.
That thought made him think of his appointment with Doctor Dieter. It was in just a few hours. He slipped quietly from bed so as not to wake John and got ready for the day. When he was done, he went into the living room.
“What the bloody hell is going on in here?!” John shouted as he stormed into the living room looking completely dishevelled, his hair standing up in spikes.
John stroked Sherlock’s cock with a steady pace. As he worked him, he kissed the sub’s neck, biting down with measured pressure. Sherlock was so responsive, it was remarkable. If he was any judge…
“I should think so.” John ran his hand down from his nipple to his cock and grasped it. He gave it a slow stroke, letting out a theatrical moan of pleasure. “I had planned to put my cock inside you and fuck you through the mattress, boy. I would have made you scream my name.” He stroked it again, running his thumb over the slit. “Of course, I would have made you beg for it first. You would have liked that, wouldn’t you, pet?”
“I’ll be right there.” Sherlock hung up before he heard Lestrade’s ‘Thank you’. He hopped in the air and spun around. “Brilliant! Yes! Ah, four serial suicides, and now a note! Oh, it’s Christmas!”
Putting on his dressing gown, the doctor went into the kitchen and made a simple breakfast of toast and jam and fresh fruit. He made both of them coffee and sat down at the table to wait on his boy. When Sherlock appeared, John was pleased to see that his order had been followed and that the detective hadn't got dressed. Tossing a pillow at his feet, he waited for his boy to kneel on it.
Too soon, he found himself standing outside 221. He braced himself, standing tall, and entered. As he climbed the 17 steps, he noted that it was quiet. Too quiet. He missed Sherlock faffing about, playing the violin or performing mad experiments.
Mary was washing the dishes when John came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. He kissed the side of her neck and rocked her side to side gently. “Are you happy?”
Sherlock shoved by him and stalked into the living room where he stood, dripping on the carpet. He turned and glared at Mycroft who had followed him. “You didn’t have the right!” the detective shouted.
Sherlock looked away from Doctor Dieter. In truth, he knew his mind wasn't functioning properly at all, but he was loathe to admit it.
"There was a case," John tried again, leading up to what had happened. "Sherlock went chasing after a suspect like he does and... it didn't go well." He closed his eyes and continued. "The man cornered him and... r-raped him." The doctor couldn't continue, his throat felt as though it had closed up on him. Out of the corner of his eye, he felt a single tear fall.
She looked taken aback. How had he known she was sometimes bored? Mary laughed out loud, nervously. Of course he knew, he was Sherlock. “There are some things that I very much do not miss. I try to forget that I had any part in them. But, yes, I sometimes miss the adrenaline rush.” Mary looked thoughtful. “I think what I miss the most is using my mind, putting the puzzles together, planning the details, solving the problems.” She sighed. “But I gave all that up.” Her hand rested on her belly. “I don’t regret that.”
When Mary entered the warehouse. It was to find it empty. She searched it cautiously. After some time, she heard the sound of a mobile phone ringing. Cautiously, she moved towards the sound. On a table, she found Sherlock and John's mobiles. They lay atop a folded piece of paper. The former assassin had braced herself for exactly this situation, but she was disappointed nonetheless.
“What I want... You want to know what I want? I want to forget about it all! I want this to stop!” Sherlock grasped the window sill, his knuckles going white. “I want to sleep through the night without nightmares! I want to be alright with being touched! I want to be able to have sex with you!”
“That was brilliant,” John told him and he meant it. “But your delivery leaves something to be desired.”
Mycroft stepped up beside Sherlock's bed. “They will want to keep you together, of course. I am arranging to have you both moved to a double room.”
“Stop. Just stop.” Without thinking, John grasped him by the upper arms. “This isn’t accomplishing anything.”
With nothing else to do, Mary went to her super secret Mycroft laptop and logged in. There were a few things she could research to fill her time until the boys got home. Oh, how she envied them their freedom. As soon as the baby was born, she’d find a way to be more directly included in their cases. She couldn’t wait.
Mycroft entered the room and took in his brother's position. He could practically sense the apathy coming off Sherlock in waves. John had been right to call him with his concerns. "Hello, brother-mine. I hope you don't mind if I make myself at home by preparing tea for the both of us." He didn't get a response, but he hadn't really been expecting one.
Knowing what he wanted, John slid over on the bed and lifted the covers. The detective slid in beside him, careful not to jostle the arm that had had a bullet lodged in it. John wrapped his good arm around his boy, grateful they were both alive to enjoy it.
Mary's phone pinged. Checking it, she saw that she had received another email from John and Sherlock's abductor. It congratulated her on her ‘kill’, then it went on to say, “If you want to see your partners alive, you will not take so long on the next target.”
“I might even agree to work for my brother more if it means Mary is the one I liaise with.” Sherlock liked that prospect. He hated dealing with Mycroft’s minions, but Mary... that would actually be fun.
“Yes it was.” Greg grinned at the government official. “Parts of it were quite interesting, actually. Why don’t you go ahead and ask what you really want to know? I know you’re dying to, sir.”
Could he enlist the boy as an assistant? Was it right to involve the child? Maybe not. But, if he followed…? Sherlock had resolved to confront and recruit him. He had wanted someone to... accompany him. And, it couldn’t be John. He didn’t want John along. Not this time. This one he needed to solve on his own. Prove he still could.
In the balance of more or less back to normal, I have to admit: it seems it’s less. I’ve bowed out of my hours at the surgery this week. I don't feel comfortable leaving him alone.
John forgave him, but Sherlock knows he can’t forget. He’s never deserved John. It wasn’t a miracle, it was a cheap trick, and he underestimated the toll.
“Well, bent, really. Burdened.” I replied. “And, out of breath, like he’d been carrying a heavy load.”
“Oh, come now, Sherlock. Everyone in this town knows I belong to you. And, it’s nothing I can’t still do. Right this moment, if you like...” I added. “It’s not too late...”
“As ever, John, you see, but you don’t observe.” He was playing now. Teasing me. I schooled my expression. Tried to look cross. I could see it in his eyes that I hadn’t succeeded—they went warmer and darker at the same time.
“The bees will work.... But… after a while, foraging will slow… and the workers might start to lay. There will be too many drones, workers will die, and without a queen, they can’t be replenished... and the colony will collapse.”
He rubs his cheek into the damp spot in the mattress and wonders idly if the person who was held here before him cried, too.
So, he’d taken his medication, stretched and done his exercises, and he’d eaten—he’d made sure to leave a clear record of his having eaten on the table; it would please John, and make him less likely to worry or follow—and, he’d made an ostentatious show of his own departure, loitering about in the front garden for what felt like an eternity, (were those buds? On the Wintersweet?
“Yes,” John says looking at Sherlock, who has come to a stop in front of the silvery trunk of a hornbeam, “He wants you to look into the disappearance of his lover—Brent. Says some of his art work and money is gone, too. Says he kept it in his studio in one of the old kilns.”
John sees. Puts the plate with the half-eaten sandwich down on the top of the hive, and reaches over to pick up Sherlock’s long, white hand, massaging and manipulating it firmly between his own, digging into the pads of Sherlock’s palm with his thumbs, and then moving up the arm, kneading his way to Sherlock’s shoulder and neck, manipulating the joints. Sherlock closes his eyes, his head falling forward, the bees like a halo around his black and silver hair, like he’s been knocked out in a cartoon.
Testing that theory, he pushes a foot back and hooks it gently under John’s ankle, rubs his toes against the textures there—the hair on John’s leg, the callus on his heel. John’s breathing changes as he responds, sleep heavy and clumsy. Automatic. Without waking, but with a deep murmur, he turns over to press his chest against Sherlock’s back, his groin against Sherlock’s arse, his thighs against the backs of Sherlock’s thighs, one of his feet between Sherlock’s ankles, and  then crooks one arm over Sherlock’s waist. Proof. Sherlock takes John’s limp but compliant hand and presses it to his chest, closing his eyes as John nuzzles closer, his cheek between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, his nascent overnight beard rough and perfect against Sherlock’s skin.
That night, John climbs into bed behind a foetal Sherlock who lies awake staring into the dimness, his right hand trapped under the pillow, held down—held still—by the weight of his head. John burrows close, runs his hand down Sherlock’s ribs and hip. Strokes. Waits.
“Yes. The queen is the brain of the colony. Under her organising authority the workers act as one to preserve and perpetuate the colony, everything as it should be. Without her, the workers will eventually lose their right sense of purpose, act in ways that hurt the colony, and they will all die. So, what shall we do?” Sherlock prompts.
Sherlock tells John jokes and fairy tales, pleased when the tightness in his face breaks. He locks John’s laugh—the sound of it—away in his mind where he’ll always have it. He considers telling John more than just his name. He considers telling John the only thing there is left to tell him. He considers leaving John with the actual words.
John knew. And, he knows what it means: the slow depletion of dopaminergic neurons in Sherlock’s substantia nigra has reached the critical point when symptoms emerge. Now, the attrition will continue, bringing with it increasing and multiplying tremor; gradual and escalating loss of muscular control; the slow loss of Sherlock’s beautiful, upright posture, difficulties with gait and balance; loss of affect and expression; difficulties speaking and swallowing; disturbances in sleep; changes and difficulties with spatial and temporal perception; depression, possible delusions and hallucinations; and in the worst cases, cognitive impairment, dementia, and an inexorable decline until death.The disease is manageable but degenerative, and there is no cure. It’s a life sentence.
Everyone gets older and life changes for all of us. Parkinson’s is just one of the ways that process will affect Sherlock and me. It could be worse. We’ve seen worse in the course of our lives together. All we can do is carry on. Do what we must to maintain, at whatever level we can, for as long as we can.
Dr.  Novakova told us, when all this began, that with the proper management—medication, exercise, diet—Sherlock has many good years to look forward to. Even though I’m a doctor, and intellectually I knew she was right, I’m not sure either of us really believed her. But, after these past few months getting to grips with it, I’m starting to. Starting to feel lighter.
He’s even ordered an electrical contraption from Korea to harvest venom without harming his bees, though he won’t be able to start until next spring—the hive will soon be hunkering down for the winter. He tells me he’ll also need lab space IN THE KITCHEN to purify it, isolate the apamine and make his own meds.
Sherlock wills himself still and surrenders, retreating into the isolation chamber of his own mind. He allows the world outside his skin to fade and muffle, and allows himself to be the still point around which everything else is rushing. It’s a stillness that doesn’t come naturally to Sherlock, but really, such a lot of things have happened recently, and so many of them don’t come naturally to him. Maybe what comes naturally to him is changing.
Or, actually, at the moment, it might be more accurate to say that I have one. Sherlock thinks himself unequal to the challenge and refuses to admit that he’s interested. I know better on both counts. The fact that he’s sent me to look into it—and not only that, told me where to start!—gives him away. I’m looking forward to seeing how long he can hold out before taking over, as imperiously as ever.
We slept well last night and woke as we fell asleep—wrapped around each other. After lunch, we’re going for a long walk through the wood, maybe up as far as the edge of the hill that overlooks the sea.
John turns back to face down the path, and they walk on for awhile in silence, hand in hand. Their breath rising frosty in the cold air.
Sherlock knows what he owes John. He knows that John has been through too much. He rolls over on his bare bunk to face the polished concrete wall.
When he feels looser and steadier he gets up, careful not to wake John. He puts his palms on the edge of the bed and steps back to bend at the waist and stretch his shoulders and back. Then, he dresses and makes his way down the narrow staircase, through the quiet house, and goes out into dim early morning light. The garden is misty and cold, a layer of frost defining the blades of grass in silvery green. He shivers and looks up at the gun-metal grey sky as he does up his jacket and wraps first his scarf, and then his long arms around himself before stepping into the gravelled path.
The most unsettling thing he told me is that since the case, he’s often felt that Amberley was standing behind or beside him—looming—and turned to see that there was no one there. At first, I was alarmed, but he reminded me that hallucinations taking the form of a feeling of a presence are a reasonably common Parkinsonian symptom, especially in patients who experience other hallucinations, and said he wasn’t frightened by it—he knew it was only that; that is was not real. Just, it left him with a feeling of deep sadness. He empathised with Amberley. He understood. It was why he had despised him so much. It’s why he pities the man now.
Sherlock nods, watches John as he heads towards the potting shed, and turns back to look at Seth. “Well? What’s first?”
Feeling unaccountably fatigued (one does, sometimes, on bright days), he stops for a moment to rest, sitting back on his heels. Shading his eyes with a long hand, he turns to squint up at the house, up into the dormer window in the garret. The casements there are thrown open, and there’s slight flutter of white linen curtains. John’s study. He can see the business end of John’s telescope—a birthday gift from the year they bought the cottage, an offering to new days and new pursuits—and if he leans back on his heels, he can just see the crown of John’s head lit by a shaft of sunlight, neither blond nor properly grey—silvery gold—the rest of him in shade. He’s writing. Sherlock’s gaze lingers, and John’s head comes up as if he feels Sherlock’s eyes on him, his weathered face lifting into the light, blue eyes catching the sun, thin lips already turned up—a slight, soft smile.
Sherlock had lain awake for a time, unwilling to move, breathing in John’s animal warmth, his mind racing ahead into the day and onto the case, a sense of energetic purpose sputtering to life, swelling and rising inside of him. It felt… good? Disquieting? Both familiar and unfamiliar: like nothing so much as an old friend one hasn’t seen in long enough that you wonder if you really know them anymore… wonder if you really are still friends after so long.
Mycroft had had more, but nothing helpful. Hadn’t had, or wouldn’t tell Sherlock enough, Sherlock isn’t sure. Mycroft confounds him. Mycroft told him about Mary’s work for the CIA, how she’d gone freelance. He’d known about some of her kills—known she was a player. Bloody Mycroft. He gave Sherlock nothing that could relax his fears. Nothing they didn’t already know.
Highlights? After a somewhat storied career as an artist in London with the high, fast lifestyle that accompanied it, he had fallen in love with Brent, a handsome, much younger lad who held court as a barkeep in the Shade Lounge, a members-only SoHo boys club with an exclusive clientele. From what I gather, Amberley’s name and bank account were particularly appealing to Brent, who basically became a kept man. For a while, they’d lived a high life in London—fashion shows, drugs, parties, and God knows what else, but Amberley had wearied of all that. At his insistence, they’d moved to the farm in May. Amberley set up a new studio and archive space in one of the old Oast kilns, and planned to live a quiet, less profligate life with his lover in the country. Perhaps get back to his painting.
He told me as much in the wood yesterday—“I’m not the man I was.” To that I say “Thank God!” and no one is the “man he was.” I need Sherlock to see the man he is.
It’s strange, isn’t it? That Sherlock and I should have lived together for more than two decades, that we should have been so intimate in every possible way for so long, know each other as deeply as we do, and yet he is still so opaque to me in some ways.
We don’t talk much. But then, I suppose we never have. And since we settled here, into this life, even less. We haven’t needed to. We live in peace, secure, I suppose, in each other. We eat and sit together in companionable silence, talk when we talk, and fall asleep pressed against each other. It’s fine. I mean, it’s good. More than good. It’s everything I want. It’s just—
Sherlock Holmes - dressed in soft brown cord that has long since lost its shape to being stretched over bony knees and stained from kneeling in grass and soil, his faded chambray sleeves pushed up loosely over sharp elbows, his long white fingers smudged with earth from weeding, unkempt black hair shot through with white and silver, limbs long and slender, eyes as hard to classify as ever in a freckled, lined, angular, and arrestingly strange but still handsome face—breathes in the clean air, and listens with satisfaction to the ever-present hum of his hives. He’s spent the morning dead-heading the Antirrhinum and Alcea, shaking dried blooms out of the Lavendula and Lonicera, pruning the Buddliea and kingfisher blue Clematis, weeding the Solidago bed along the fence, and generally doing all he can to make the garden a haven and larder for his bees’ tireless harvest of nectar and pollen.
As if by way of accompaniment to those thoughts, he’d begun to wonder if it was the bus that was rattling, or him, and to feel the pricklingly familiar companionship of his pathological muscles and nerves. His shoulder and neck were slowly hardening, he could feel the beginnings of a physical dissonance in his elbow and wrist, and an unwelcome, familiar ache in his hip, that was a little worse than usual after an active night and an early morning. It was all coming on a little more quickly than usual after taking his dose. He'd brought the small dose tablets along, just in case.
We’ve had the best harvest of honey in all the time we’ve been here. Sherlock managed most of it on his own, with help from Seth Benson when he can come after school. Seth’s always been fascinated by the bees and he’s always got on well with Sherlock. It’s lovely seeing them together in the garden, and Seth is really remarkable for a boy his age—he seems to actually enjoy the time he spends here with a cranky old codger—and though Sherlock will never admit it, he enjoys the company of children.
Meanwhile, he’s watched John go from slumped, poorly masked misery, to anxious solicitude, through amused concern, and finally back to something that more or less resembles the past several years of their lives together—existing side by side, being what they are to each other—what they have been to each other for many years now—without a lot of fuss. John has always been steady and boundlessly patient, and as always, John anchors and steadies him. Sherlock needs it now, more than ever, but he can’t help wondering what he gives John. Something to worry about, perhaps?
As he hadn’t driven since the diagnosis, Sherlock had decided that the bus was best. Anyway, he fancied a walk. Sometimes the forward motion helped him; kept him moving forward. Inertia. He set a brisk pace. It was cold, and the power of his meds was fresh in his veins. The boy could keep up. He’d caught the 7:15 to Eastbourne.
“Sherlock,” he says, very calmly, leaning forward in his armchair to lay his hand over Sherlock’s tensely clasped ones, “I will not take ‘sod off’ for an answer. I know you know it’s not nothing. I know you. Hm?”
But, rattling along on the bus, he’d been mercifully focused on more mundane anxieties. He’d wondered if he’d brought enough pills to get him through the day with a scrap of his dignity intact. He’d wondered if his shaking and stooping and freezing would make him look feeble, or if people who saw him would be disgusted by it, and pity him. He’d concluded that of course they would, and that after all, he WAS feeble.
It’s cold in his concrete box. He shivers and curls in on himself on the bare mattress, burying his face in the dirty ticking and the stale smell of old sweat. The truth is, this disturbance began before those heavy days in Baker Street. He’s been off his game since he came back from the dead. Since the moment he saw the cavernous depths of his own human error in John’s eyes.
He turns those eyes appraisingly on Sherlock when he comes in, and smiles in a tight, perfunctory way.
Sherlock’s given the honey away mostly—to the neighbours. He takes jars of the stuff everywhere he goes—the post office, the baker’s, the farm shop. He even sent a few jars to Lestrade and Molly this year. Needless to say we have a lifetime supply. The shelves in his potting shed are still lined with amber jars and bars of rendered wax.
In the months before his diagnosis, the growing disconnect between his body and mind had been deeply unsettling and almost repulsive, but he’s surprised to find that that’s  changing. Now it’s just oddly fascinating. Sherlock knows that his detachment and the curious neutrality with which he approaches his own condition causes John consternation, but he’s come to almost enjoy his body’s process of separating itself from his mind. He loves observing as the drug takes effect, feeling it bring his physicality into phase with his will—watching and feeling himself tremble and then gradually still, flexing his disobedient fingers and feeling them obey again.
After more than a decade living together—bordering and protecting each other—the barriers and uncertainties that once stood between them have eroded, allowing softness and candor to bloom in their intimate spaces. John has always been surprised by how well retirement has suited Sherlock, once the notion had taken hold in his imagination; how unresistingly he’d given up the rush of London and their cases and given in to the quieter rhythm of their life together in Sussex. It was as if Sherlock had given up the bustle and busy-ness of it all to fall into the arms of their slower days and gentler pursuits with something entirely like relief. Since the earliest days of their intimacy, it has always been greedy, naked and honest, but now, where there had once stood laboriously built bridges to span the distance between them, there is a gentler, more natural space, effortlessly and usually wordlessly traversed.
He rubs a hand over his face roughly, rubs his eyes. Takes a deep breath in through his nose. Lets it out. Watches Sherlock in his garden. Feels like crying, but doesn’t. It’s time to broach his concerns. No more waiting.
On days when John works in the local surgery, Sherlock meets him there and they strike out, sometimes south over the downs towards the sea, and other times into the forest at the southeastern edge of the town—Beech and Hornbeam, dormouse and deer. Sherlock likes it there. Daily walks are part of his new regime—doctors’ orders—and if he’s honest, he likes them.
“And, I don’t see the queen.” Seth looks up, brow furrowed, lifting the last frame. “Oh! Mr. Holmes! Look at this!” The boy is pointing to a small cluster of large, open cups at the edge of the frame. Queen cells.
The stove is still warm from yesterday’s fire—a few coals still alive under the ash. He feeds it and coaxes it back to life, blowing into the grate and rubbing his hands together, his breath white on the wintry air. Then, he sits at his workbench on a tall stool, pulling down his beekeeping journal and the manuscript he’s editing—a monograph on the effects of bee venom on his Parkinson’s.
After a few moments, John emerges in his worn Barbour coat. They walk in silence awhile. John’s silence—his
The first order of business, obviously, was checking Amberley’s alibi. Clever John, to remember the seat numbers on the panto tickets! Armed thus, Sherlock could easily check Amberley’s story—a solo evening at the panto? Risible! If his alibi was false (and it was bound to be, wasn’t it? Why would a contemporary artist and his youthful London scenester boytoy imagine that an evening of amatuer theatricals at the local panto would be anything but torture? Really, it was as if the man were flaunting his guilt!), this case was only a matter of finding out how Amberley had killed Brent and Ernest, and where he’d hidden the bodies.
It’s certain now: Sherlock has Parkinson’s. He’s just had the news yesterday. I’ve suspected as much for some time now, but I’d hoped I was wrong. It’s just that so many of the things that make Sherlock Sherlock are also potential symptoms, and he’s always been—unusual. I just wonder how long ago I might have been able to catch it if I’d really been paying attention.
With the excitement of the case passed, things are more or less back to normal today, though I don’t think Sherlock’s as well as he might be. Unusually, he’s still in bed at 9:30 am, after a taciturn evening and a restless night, and shows no sign of rising.
After a moment, muffled by the duvet, Sherlock murmurs, “How can you want me now, John? I’ll only get worse. It’s…” after a pause, “...disgusting.”
Our neighbours, the Bensons, have offered their son Seth to help out with the garden. He’s 14 now, and a keen gardener already—an extraordinary boy. Maybe he can help keep things up while Sherlock adjusts. He’s on his summer hols, and I’ve offered to pay him a bit. He’s thrilled. Sherlock has always liked the boy. I spoke to Sherlock about it, and he seemed—pleased?
“I did, actually,” I told him, well pleased with myself indeed! But, they were memorable— seats 21 and 22, row b. Of course I thought of Baker Street.
I rounded the gate to find Amberley coming down the gravel drive towards me, looking very ill and careworn indeed.
At that, Seth had brightened up, and to be perfectly truthful with himself, Sherlock had felt… relieved. Heartened. It had been… pleasant to have someone to… perform to. To be admired by someone who… Wasn’t John? Was John’s admiration so cheap? Did John even admire him anymore? How could Seth’s ignorant hero worship be more desirable? And, why was Sherlock asking himself these confounded, ridiculous questions? Is this what he had become?
“Ex-lover, I’d say, going by his thwarted, futile air. And his slovenly appearance, of course. Blind in his left eye. No, I don’t know him.”
I could not have finished this story without the immeasurably kind encouragement and help of  doctornerdington, who loved it, and made me believe in it and in myself. The gift of her help is honestly one of the most important and essential gifts anyone has ever given me. I love you so, so much, Doc, and I am eternally and profoundly grateful that you are my friend. I am lucky.
There’s a subsequent call to Mycroft and a few days later, they’re in London. There are tests and scans, and endless medical histories. John answers some of the questions Sherlock can’t (or won’t?), and it’s Mycroft’s hand-picked neuropathologist who finally tells Sherlock what John’s suspected for some time—exactly what he’s been dreading:
His voice is warm, intimate. He’s looking at Sherlock’s profile now, his eyes still wet, but his face is open and questing. He runs his palm over Sherlock’s white knuckles. Sherlock’s eyelids flicker closed of their own accord and he feels like he’s capsizing in his silenced mind. He doesn’t reply, but it’s only because he’s under water.
—is palpable. Once they’ve got to the edge of the town and turned down off the road towards the wood, he turns to Sherlock.
He’s still mostly silent, though not— cold? It’s almost as if we were back to the early days just after his diagnosis. He’s closed—or no. Almost secretive. He’s been warm and— engaged when I engage him, though not forthcoming. He’s kept to himself unless I address him. Sometimes I catch him watching me. His face doesn’t give much away, but it’s strange to find oneself watched.
The day is bright and mild, a few high gauzy clouds brushed over pale blue, broken by the gliding swoops of the housemartins. In short, another day, very much like many others, perfect, spent in the intimate heaven of the garden. Sherlock Holmes -- clad in mossy green threadbare cord and faded chambray, his sleeves loose and pushed up over angular elbows, his left arm crooked to rest a hand on his hip, his right hanging, not altogether loosely, at his side -- stands with his back to his hives at the edge of his back half acre; the space between the hives at the edge of the garden proper, and gnarled, aged apple trees and bramble at the edge of their plot.
“Don’t touch anything,” he’d told Seth, though the boy was frozen in horror. There was little reason to think he would. Tomorrow, when John and Amberley returned, he’d call the police and it would be over.
He’s also had some sleep disturbance. Insomnia, fragmented sleep, and sometimes a loss of typical REM-cycle paralysis. Instead of just twitching along to his dreams, he sometimes flails, his body in action. Once I think he was playing violin. He’s fallen out of bed a few times too, and several times has awoken to cramping that I’ve massaged out of his feet and calves. He told the doctor in London that he has had blurred and/or doubled vision.
I wish he would tell me… I don’t know what. I don’t know what I want him to tell me. I just want him to be ok. I know that’s probably 80% selfishness. If he’s not ok, I want him to tell me. God. I hate this.
“Yes.” Sherlock says, as he takes a tablet out of his shirt pocket and washes it back with swig of tea. “Thank you, John,” he adds, as he flexes the disobedient fingers in his right hand and then tries to squeeze them into a fist.
“No one else could have done better,” he consoled me, his fingers playing along the seam of my trousers at my hip. “But, did you talk to the neighbours?” he asked, “What were their opinions of Amberley and his young lover? What about the barkeep at the pub? Was Dr. Ernest the gay Lothario you’ve been led to believe? I would have thought, John, that you would at least have spoken to the barkeep. With your…” Sherlock cast his eyes down to my lap and then up into mine from under his lashes, “...natural advantages, I can imagine you whispering some soft nothings and getting some…” his hand stole into my lap to palm me through my trousers, “...hard somethings in return. You seem to have left quite a lot undone, John.”
