To say the sensation was likeable would be a lie. At first, he felt a mixture of panic and nausea. Then, he gradually let Castiel’s moaning guide him and closed his eyes to avoid seeing what he was doing, what he was holding in his hand, between his lips
All Dean knew about this relationship was that Castiel was to one to end it.
He knew he owed him so much and thought he ought to tell him more often. Obviously Castiel owed them just as much. His own family had rejected him when he had confessed his homosexuality. Dean’s family had welcomed him as a true member of the family and Castiel felt the sacrifice was worth it. Yet was it sacrifice, in the end? Dean smiled. There was no sacrifice in their lives. Only a magical bond. An extraordinary family.
« No... it’s just that… »
He steps forward, put his hands on his check and kisses him. Desperate.
He knew this ultimate experience would be the last, the one he had to acknowledge if he were to love someone again… totally, completely.
A flash… A souvenir… Laughters.... It was their first joyful Halloween since Tessa’s death....
« And what ? » Dean drank his beer.
"I'm fine, thanks," distant.
« Mom didn’t want to go away either » Chadwick said, staring at his father with such a cold expression on his face that Dean felt a chill down his spine.
« You’re hungry, big boy » He caressed the animal. « Sometimes I envy you, you know »
« Rest assured this pleases me as much as it pleases you. You’re the family I never had. They’re the kids I’ve never had. Through you all, I exist»
"Castiel " Sam answers.
They eyes finally met and she smiled. He started to blush and looked away.
On the evening the next day, Castiel left after supper and Chadwick remained with his father, to help him cleaning the kitchen.
Castiel found it harder to enjoy it as they did... This world was unknown to him ... His narrow education and the lack of TV at home during his youth had made him turn to books which he had secretly been reading in his bedroom.
« Yes, I have . So what ?»
They were distracted by the noise emanating from the dog licking his chops.
« We do have a philosopher here » Dean said, with a little sad smile.
Dean sensed he was blushing, as a kid caught in the act of watching a porn. That made him laugh.
« That I can’t, that I won’t be able to, ever » he shouted in a voice broken with emotion.
Sam was the one to reconcile them, and from Hunts turned road trip, they were able to tolerate each other but their friendship had never returned to what it had been or what they thought they had been to one another. Sam was the mediator and it seemed to work, for a while… Dean accepted to once again work with Castiel who had returned to the severe and distant behavior of his early days… The hurt was killing him… Sam could see it… Dean could feel it… But nothing was ever said… Everything was stifling… Their love was all the more obvious to everyone’s eyes, except Dean’s…
« But… but… I must be dreaming... These are not my kids! » he finally said, sinking back in the couch cushion.
I'm sorry for the delay but last week I was visiting friends. I did not have access to my computer.
" Here you go, Dad " Chadwick handed the rope to this father.
« No way I’m gonna wear this! » Dean shouted, leaving the room.
"So my Darlings, do you enjoy this exhibition? " he asked as he put his hands on the children’s shoulders .
At the end of the meal, they all went to the living room, leaving behind Castiel who cleaned the table with Jo. He put on the percolator.
« Is he all right ? » Chadwick looked worried.
He guided them to the first paddock with a view on the stables.
« Madi... » Castiel looked around him, feeling uncomfortable.
« Just Dance 2 »
« Cass... I don’t know what to say »
« Awesome » he said, looking out the window.
« Yes ? »
Jo had called and had felt a lot of hesitations in his voice. Dean was running away again. Fear was eaten by fear once again.
« I had a flat tire on the highway… I… I’ll be right there. »
Dean had been studying the pictures lining the fireplace mantle for quite some time.
« I’m sure he’s at the garage, Jewel... he has a lot to do, you know. He’ll be home tonight» Chadwick answered, rushing to the rescue.
« You should be ashamed of yourself » he straightened up.
He's got a best friend for life.
« You know what I’m talking about » she went on
They were all waiting for him.
« No, Sweetie, you’ll be given a smaller one. This one is for Daddy » he gave her a half-smile, as he imagined Dean riding a big horse...
Dean didn’t sleep well, lost in his contradictory feelings.
He smiled… It was their special Christmas moment... Chadwick was always carrying the DVD in his suitcase, just in case the channel hadn’t planned to show the movie. Until now, he had never used his copy.
« Bryan » the guy shook it.
At the beginning of June, the Winchester and Novak family welcomed its new member : Apache.
On that particular morning, they had nothing but toasts for breakfast.
« Help me get out of these instruments of torture or I’m gonna cut them up »
« Really ? » he smiled with tenderness.
"Can you tell me how does this block of rusty crap represent a woman in any way?"
He meets Sam's gaze who understands everything but says nothing.
Dean grabbed his beer and granted a furtive look at this sister. She was smiling at him.
« I won’t be messed about by a stupid horse, dammit ! » he said, grabbing back the reins.
« Yes ! » he was anticipating the next words.
Chadwick saw the terrible sadness that was now imprinted on Castiel's face.
« I’ll have all the time in the world to rest… Look, your cowboy is here » he said pointing at the rider slowing down at a few meters from them.
I rushed to take my shower, way : panic on board.
End of chapter
Castiel finished cleaning the kitchen while Dean was putting the kids to bed.
Cercle of death... Pieces of a heart that crumbles and never stick together again.
" Thanks " Dean chuckled. " I’ll show him what I can do "
They sat on the ground, each one leaning against a tree, and remained silent, admiring the landscape in front of them.
« I can’t stand watching him sinking like this, Bobby » he said, looking down.
He gently stroked her hair as he watched his son go snorkeling: Castiel was in charge of keeping score of the time spent underwater.
He finally sat down and looked at Jo who hadn’t said a word.
« Oh sorry» He withdrew his hand.
« You and her husband will get along just fine »
Dean didn’t move for a while... he just experienced his first orgasm from the hand of a man. Castiel, for that matter. He’d loved it and suddenly realized he wouldn’t be able to return the favor.
His eyes met Dean’s at the precise moment his own sled turned around and hit Castiel’s full ahead.
John took a day. He's tired. Everything weighs on him and the memory of Castiel standing in the middle of the living room, begging for Dean's support kill him.
Dean watched him as he took off his coat, his gloves and his hat.
« Promise... » Chadwick leaned over and put his arms around Castiel’s neck, hugging him briefly.
Castiel promised he’d rather comply with any recommendation than stay one more week in this hospital room... Besides, Dean had sworn to look after him.
That evening, after an nth sermon of his father on his inability to commit, Dean locks himself in his room. Headphones on, Metallica screaming about his doubts...
« Are you talking to yourself, Dad ? » Chadwick was going out with Apache.
"You're becoming a philosopher now ? ", Dean smiles sadly. "Or this is a not very subtle way of making me understand that you accept our invitation? ", insisting on the last word, a little sarcastic.
«I can suggest another pair, just like these ones, at a lower price, if you’re interested, young man»
Castiel was unpacking the bags in the living room.
« Apache, sit ! C’mon you guys and have a look at your so-called monster » Castiel shouted.
« ‘Coming… And then, up to bed »
“What?” He wiped the tears away and stared, incredulously, at the old lady.
“Quiet down... You’re gonna wake Sammy up,” he said, looking daggers at her.
“Well, that usually makes people flee... So yeah, it surprises me,” he said with a half-smile.
Castiel left the room. He was laughing too.
"Unless you have something else to do... Don't mind me ! it'll be more for me", Dean adds hiding his disappointment under a half-toned smile.
The old woman in black breathed again and Dean came back to himself, he was crying… From his soaked cheeks, he knew he had been since the first breath of the Bruja.
« To us » he raised his glass.
« Forget it. I don’t wanna argue with you. We’re having such a good time… Let’s not spoil it »
A short silence.
"You look like an authentic cowboy."
« I’d die if you let me go away... So, if you can’t take the risk to love me in return, let’s stop right now right here, because I’d hate to break everything between us or hurt you »
« I am… I really am... Our garage is doing well, I’ve got a great family, friends I can count on » he said, looking sideways at Franck who pretended not to notice. « .... two kids I adore and who love me »
"You still have to take your bath ... You should already be in bed by now".
« No one forces you to… Castiel will understand… I’m sure he knows already » Dean put his hand on his son’s shoulder.
; but I wasn’t gonna wander with a net on my face the whole time, right ? And that damn spray wasn’t working.»
« A thirty-year-old teenager, for that matter » he finished his plate.
« That’s enough. I told you I’m fine. So gimme a break and let me do this by myself, ok? »
« So, do you really think I’m incapable of taking care of any pet, is that it? » Castiel’s feelings were bruised.
« I’ll go first…. We’ll start easy… Do you trust me ? » he asked, leaning towards her, holding the pommel.
« Not yet »
The tents were properly set up, next to each other. A small one for Castiel, a larger one for Dean and the kids.
« I thought you were dreaming of these ? » he said as he saw she was barely eating.
He first admired Jewel’s drawing, representing the whole family, standing in front of the Christmas tree. She had drawn him at the right of Dean, her brother and herself were standing on each side of the dog, in front of Dean.
« What are you gonna do when he’s back? Because, at one point, it will get out of hands, Dean… And you risk losing everything if you go on like this»
« Sit down, Cass, we need to talk. »
Two more had come in. Their owners would pick them up at the reopening....
Castiel still had lunch every day with Madison ; they were talking about this and that and not only about their respective relationships any longer...
« She doesn’t want you to come. She said you’re not my family. It’s not true. »
« Hi » Dean invited him in.
« Hush » Castiel put his face on the horse forehead while stroking its neck. « Have mercy on him »
« So am I » Dean let out a deep sigh.
« EVERYBODY UP !» he shouted with that foghorn of a voice.
" Of the century ? " He couldn’t believe it. " I’ll show you who the worst rider is " he grabbed the rope, feeling insulted." The last one down there will be on laundry duty for a whole month "
"Shut... shut... shut up," Castiel repeats like an endless litany.
He had postponed for so many days, spending the night elsewhere made him feel gutless and lacking conviction.
Because happiness is as simple as that ...
« Dean, please, what did I say? »
He rested his elbows on the bed side and held Castiel’s hand ; he felt a squeeze back.
" Christ, why did I agree to this outing? I would have preferred to stay home and watch a good movie "
« I was exhausted.... I’m sorry »
« Maybe tomorrow » Chadwick said in a whisper.
They first chose to tour the ground floor ... just to have a look around and marvel at the unlimited and often outrageous imagination of each store owner to attract customers ... Shop windows were showing off, adopting the same common theme, the Ancient Rome. Jewel ran from one shop window to another, followed by Castiel, carefully watching over her.
« Garth ? » Dean made a face. « What kind of a stupid name is that?» He sounded a bit doubtful.
Garth took off his hat and observed the trio.
« You sure? »
“Shit,” Garth grumbled.
He had to speak with him, and the sooner the better. The more he was postponing their conversation, the harder it would be, and silence was the worst thing that could grow between them. That would surely destroy their precious bond with bitterness and regrets.
When they finally came back home, they were all extremely tired... Dean painfully climbed the stairs to his bedroom to get changed, almost tripping on every step....
So, « Attack of the Killer Tomatoes » left them puzzled. On the other hand, they were all unanimous about « Arac attack ». Jewel startled once in a while, which made Castiel startled in turn. But all in all they enjoyed the horror movie parody.
Several games were available to be tested, among which a dance mat game ... Jewel wanted to drag Castiel who refused to go there ... Chadwick was discussing with the seller, she came and pull the pants of his father.
« Don’t fuck with me, OK ? » he said pointing his finger at him. « I was just a little boy and they looked very big to me back then » He was just trying to find an excuse.
« No, Jewel…Your daddy can come as well as your brother or your aunt, but I can’t accept that each parent invites a friend. This is supposed to be a family event; I’m afraid the place isn’t big enough to welcome everyone. »
" I don’t know… No, I... "
Dean was wondering why Castiel was going out with the kids so often. He just thought that perhaps, he needed to get some fresh air and improve his tan.
« Are you in for that coffee or not ? »
" Farewell " Dean saluted Castiel with his hand and pushed the sled downward.
He screamed even more when Jewel laughed her heart out, wiping the water from her face.
" Yeah… But I didn’t like it either when you kissed Lisa "
Eventually the music died and he fell asleep. He's awakened by the screams coming from the kitchen. A new argument has just broken out between John and his younger son.
Dean swallowed.
« We didn’t really talk about it... »
« Come here, you silly » he pulled him close and put his lips on his.
« What is it ? »
« Dean... » Castiel’s voice was a faint whisper.
“I found a weird note on the counter this morning.”
« It’s wonderful, pumpkin »
« You got a problem with that? »
« Shit ! » Dean rubbed his back and his butt. « I feel like I’ve been hit by a truck » he complained as he joined Castiel.
Dammit, Dean had already asked himself this damn question a thousand times before without ever having had the courage to ask it to the most concerned.
« Don’t look at me like that. It’s cold outside. ‘s just gonna keep warm » he put on his vest and went outside.
« Here is Uncle Balty cutie doggie » grabbing his jowls.
« Don’t take this the wrong way, Cass »
Jo smiled as she saw how much he was attempting to hide it behind an indifferent expression. He smiled his kids a tensed smile and his eyes were filled with anxiety and impatience.
« Baby Jesus stays in the box.... » he said as he took the figurine from Jewel’s hands.
« No, great. We’re settled. No, they had spread salt on most of the roads... »
Dean met some buddies once a week for a sports outing or just a friendly get-together…
« See? She liked your gift» he smiled at his little girl.
« Long ? »
Snow invited itself the next Wednesday...
There will be OS bonus in the weeks or months to come, but I leave it to her to choose the delays, her health premium before all the rest.
« Awesome ! » he tried the stylish helmet at once...
« Hello you » she said with a big smile, slowly approaching.
« Given your experience, I thought you would surely manage this one. It has quite a temper » Garth said, with no trace of emotion whatsoever in his voice.
“Take the time, then,” she told him in a bossy tone.
“Ok,” Brad replied, patting his shoulder.
He stretched with a loud yawn.
There was a bit of cowardice trying to overcome the will to dare and start an adventure with this man who had brushed away all his principles like nothing.
" You should stop asking yourself so many questions" he told Dean, with his back to him.
« It’s Christmas, Dean » the old man replied, tapping him on the shoulder.
« Hmm » Castiel explored the rest of the exhibition...
« Cass » he said, looking down.
« I know. I do care about him too, ya know. »
« Lucky dude. This is something I’m not allowed to do, with the kids around »
"What happened that made us miss each other so much all these years ? "
"It's a raccoon, Jewel"
"Can I try mine on? "
« In my coat’s right pocket » she stood on tiptoe to kiss him.
Muffled laughter mingles with unelegant sniffles.
« SHIT ! » Dean snapped. He threw the hammer on the ground and walked away. He could hear his son start to laugh and Castiel begin to work on the tents.
They sat next to each other, with a pack of chips marking off the personal space between them.
He came back to Dean and stopped next to him.
« They love everything you do, anyway » Castiel answered, as he stood up to pour him some coffee.
« But I want him to attend! » She was about to cry.
Jewel felt very proud and walked carefully to the fridge. Castiel opened the door for her and she put the mold between the mix salad and the jar of mayonnaise.
They spent the entire morning in the paddock talking to each other and stroking their horses... None of them had been saddled yet… Garth quietly explained the agenda for the rest of the day and the days after.
And for the first time since his return, Castiel is looking to Dean's eyes.
This wasn’t supposed to be a one-way only...
« Watch out for my bun ! »
« Tonight’s menu… Duck breast with honey and raisins » he announced as he placed his cooking on the table, next to the cornbread basket.
« We’ll pull through this, Cass… We always have » Dean whispered holding him tight against his chest.
How was he gonna deal with this? It really was a shitty day.
"Cass? "Dean becomes alarmed as he rushes towards him.
The kids loaded the trunk: two tents lent by Jo, a portable stove, food, an emergency kit and they were on their way. Chadwick and Jewel sat on the back seat with Apache leaning his head on Castiel’s shoulder, driver side.
Balty saw in Dean’s eyes he knew what was coming.
« Yes, Dean, we’re good» Castiel finally answered, feeling a twinge in his heart, but remembering Madison’s words and the hope that was growing inside...
« Take these » Castiel slipped the reins above the horse’s head and gave them to Dean, looking at him in the eyes.
The doorbell rand, the caterer had finally arrived. It was time for serious business.
She turn around and jumped into Castiel’s arms whose face suddenly turned extremely pale.
When they were done, Castiel cut a lemon in two and gave it to Jewel who squeezed as hard as she could over a small cup to get the juice out.
« What shall we talk about then? Because, if you’ve noticed, this is the Meeting, right?» she smiled at the barman who had brought their glasses without a word nor a look.
« You met at the old cinema theater… she told me about it several times » He said, feeling nostalgic.
The union of a fallen angel and a damned man.
" Cass... I’d love to be able to give you more than this, so much more. But… " Castiel put a finger on his lips, preventing him from speaking any further.
« No worry. My husband’s supposed to pick me up » she winked.
« Would you tell me what this « nothin’ » is all about ? » he folded his arms.
"That's enough! ", John says, furious. "If you don't tell me what you're doing in front of my house in the next second, I'm calling the police. ", going from Castiel, getting paler and paler, to his mother with pinched lips.
“CAS…CAS!” But he didn’t answer. Dean swung an angry fist through the air, “He just couldn’t wait, dumb ass!”
He felt lost the very second he saw the sadness fill Castiel’s eyes.
He had this little nervous giggle.
The children claimed their stomach was still digesting their dinner.
« I swear to God if I ever come across these bastards, I’m gonna kill ‘em »
« Don’t you laugh at me » he cursed as he slipped on his hands, trying to stand up. He heard the children laughters and he heard Dean’s sweet laugh.
Dean felt it before he actually heard it… The music coming from the living room. He put his towel away, intrigued and headed to the living room door.
« You bet» Castiel laughed too.
« You’ll manage, don’t worry...C’mon, or Bobby will go hysterical» she put her arm around his waist and dragged him along.
« Yes? »
« It’s about time !» Kevin exclaimed.
hope you gonna like this new chapter
« Because of… » he smiled at fate out there  « because of you »
All this time, Chadwick had been standing by the door, looking at Castiel, seeing the pain in his eyes and on his face… He knew this kind of pain all too well… The memory of the pain on his mother’s face was still vivid in his mind.
« Tell me, what’s your play about, anyway ? » he turned his head to face him, yet peeping at the TV screen from time to time.
« Never mind... Forget it» he let out a wry smile.
"The position of his teeth ..."
« I just told you he loves you, so what? I don’t think I was the only one to have noticed, dixit Lisa... And I’d like to point out I never met the guy and I hardly know the one in front of me who comes whining during my pancake lunch : so if I’m able to draw this kind of conclusion with very few elements, what about those who’ve known you since the beginning?» she crossed her arms on her chest.
« SHIT » He turned away, trying to contain his anger.
« Huh ? » he pushed her away, feeling so many questions arising. « Lisa, that’s enough »
« I don’t hold a grudge against nightcaps but it’s so much better to fly without a parachute» he sent him a wink.
" May I know what’s so funny ? " Dean asked, putting his cup on the table.
« I should have skipped the red wine.... It makes me act silly. » Castiel stepped back.
“Take care of yourself... And give Sammy a kiss for me, will you?”
Dean didn’t know what to say.
"Cass, buddy ? " he inquired immediately.
They sat around the kitchen table and talked about this and that for about an hour. Dean needed his relaxing time.
« You can sit down, ya know... My furniture never ate anybody » Dean claimed.
Suddenly, he felt happy, free as he had stepped in the shoes of a real Cowboy. His children were shouting words of encouragement. He reached the finishing line and stopped in front of Garth.
« Not any more ridiculous than wearing boxer shorts and socks, with shaving foam on your face ! »
Garth whistled once ... A man appeared, most certainly of Hispanic origin, holding the reins of a smaller horse ... A Paint horse mare with a brown white-dotted coat and a white mane.
« What? » his voice was even less than a whisper.
His tone revealed a bit of sadness.
He opened his mouth, but no word passed his lips.
They had stared at each other for a long while and Dean had felt his last walls tumble down, the ones he had built over the last few years.
« I don’t regret anything, Cass… Anything… Nothing’d have happened if I had decided otherwise, do you hear me ? »
« Do you know of that many dudes who kiss their friend only to ask them to stay ?.... The day you find one, let me know»
"Nothing AT ALL... He just lit up like a Christmas tree before taking off", crossing his arms in turn.
« Don’t start with your I-don’t-quite-understand-what-you-mean look, ‘cause you understood me perfectly.». Dean was furious.
Gabriel reconnected with his brother. They're speaking on messager. Naomi found out and read their chats.
« You’ll pay for this » Dean was already preparing another ball.
The children sat on the floor, Chadwick leaning on his father’s legs and Jewel curled up against Castiel, sitting to the left of Dean. Lisa was on his right, her head resting on his shoulder.
« Do you understand what I’m telling you right now, Cass? » he tightened his grip around Castiel’s wrist.
Castiel nodded at the armchair. Chadwick unleashed the dog and came closer.
« Do you want some? » he proposed some orange juice to his sister. She nodded a yes.
« I don’t wanna talk about it with you. You’re my sister, for Heaven’s sake! »
«Thank you, pumpkin ». He took his little girl in his arms and hugged her real tight.
Early this afternoon, the Mercedes drops him off at the Winchester house.
He let go and turned around to face Dean.
« I saw that » he said, teasing her.
« I don’t think there was more than 3 tablespoon worth anyway »
« It’s Mom’s » she put the heavy object on the table in an effort.
« Here’s a beer, just in case » Castiel leaned and put a bottle in front of her.
« What ? »
Suddenly he sees that one left, abandoned on the hall table.
« That’s where we brand the cattle.... It’s done once a year to brand the young calves as well as new horses »
No one is blind to Dean's plight, but no one knows how to fix what can't seem to be fixed.
Without a word, they watched the lights go on and off to the rhythm of a piercing Christmas song.
« Baltyyyyy » Jewel ran into his arms.
« Because it’s Dean» Castiel replied with a faint smile. « .... and he’ll never cross that line, because he doesn’t even think about it… he doesn’t love me, Balty, don’t you understand ? » he went on, absent-mindedly caressing his cheek with his thumb.
" C’mon Cass... Don’t play chicken " Dean teased.
He opened the cabinet, took the dog food and filled its bowl... He observed the dog with a sad little smile.
He put down his peeler and walked out of the kitchen. No one in the living room.
« Okay, cool down, I got it. » Castiel raised his hands in a gesture of surrender.
Chadwick and Jewel were already at the table when Dean joined them in the kitchen. One kid was feeding Apache while the other one was setting the table.
« Of course not… Besides, you know that he wouldn’t want to go away » Dean smiled.
It's sunday.
He looked down.
« Jewel, go call your brother. Supper’s ready »
" Cass " he answered in a broken voice. " What’s the matter with me? " he asked, entwining their fingers some more.
THE END
" Are you feeling so uncomfortable that I lead the game ? " Castiel asked while he put on his boxer briefs.
« If... If... If I were attracted to a man… such as him… I wouldn’t wait another minute » he said quickly before literally running away from them.
"Art is priceless "
“Don’t mess things up now,” Gaby said very seriously. “And you, stop brooding,” he reprimanded Ash who was sulking in a corner. “May I remind you poor Kevin is sitting next to you?”
What? That he was still a man, a real one? He asked himself, mocking himself.
He startled and turned around, somewhat on the defensive.
« Here, roll this on the places where they might attack and it’ll keep them away.»
« Shit ! » Dean let out as he dropped on his chair.
He headed to the shower fixed at the back of the garage premises. He slammed the door with violence.
The rest of the evening was more relaxed… The tension was all gone… Another house, another horizon, another way of looking at everything.
"Thank you for the remender, just in case it slipped my mind," Dean grumbles, pulling his chair and slumping over.
End of chapter
He tousled Castiel's rebellious hair and let him in.
What if Zeke finally became a part of Castiel’s life and what if Castiel finally started to love him in return?
« Promise »
Mary whose father had driven her out of the house because she wanted to marry a penniless vet' of war.
Yet, he had to overcome that irrational fear, making him embrace the unknown… the body of another man close to his own.
« Let me do this » he finally said with a smile.
"Dear Readers,
« Now the head » he winked at Castiel.
The world was collapsing all around him...
" A man who used to be my best friend, remember?" Dean said with a bit of irony, trying to lighten the mood between them.
« Jewel, watch out, you’re spilling everywhere » her brother warned, grabbing the box.
« Nothing, thanks. I’m not thirsty right now » she smiled.
He stared at her and raised his hand to softly caress her lip.
She waved at the waiter
" SHUT UP... I'm not a fagot, man.. I loved women... I love Cassie and Lisa... I ..." Dean screams, stubbornly, between anger and despair. Not knowing how to let go after twenty years of silence.
His internship reports are excellent and his teachers are full of praise for him.
« You were wonderful, pumpkin. »
« But I can’t love you, Cass.... I can’t… you know that, right ? »
« Dean... Everyone has to walk at his own pace… You’re come so far, you and him. For him, it’s already a lot more than what he wished for. Who’d have believed a few months ago this would happen? »
« Dont’ you think… gray marl… makes me look a bit boyish ? »
The morning after, each one said goodbye to their horse. However, Castiel refused to say goodbye to Cheyenne. He preferred to load the car while Dean and the children were in the stables...
He looked at the door. What if Lisa was right?
« He’s been working hard for this. » Castiel proclaimed as he stared into the boy’s eyes.
« I’m right behind ya »
« Dad sad that I could keep it on »
It was at 8th grade that Castiel met Meg Masters.
" Understood what, Dean ? " his tone was exasperated.
« Hi, Cass »
They shared the brief moment yet Castiel didn’t have much time to savor it for long as Chadwick rushed out of the car and waited for his sister outside..
« Thanks » Jewel offered them a big smile.
« Classy hat ! » Garth noticed with no particular emotion in his voice.
« I forgive you, then » Castiel laughed as he saw Dean’s shamefaced expression.
« As for the rest, there’s a Peugeot in the back and two more Ford. »
He knew the existence of a passage to purgatory and the existence of the door for humans with pure souls… He knew a loyal guide who from the other side amongst the beasts, would lead them towards the exit like he had many years ago.
It must be close to midnight.
« A man, a real deal for sure »
« Yes ? »
« When Castiel is done with the space ladle pasta slaughter episode »
Dean grabbed his wrist, amazed by his own reaction.
« Hi » he said, observing them with no expression on his face.
He remained silent for a while.
“Becky,” Ash rolled his eyes.
« Look who’s talking » Castiel sighed with a happy face.
" Did you see that ? I finally managed to do it " Dean said with a shy bravado.
Castiel groused.
« That’s all right. Justin stayed with me. He just left with his mother» Chadwick was lying of course.
"These are poems written in the Syriac language", breaking eye's contact to fight with his sleeve buttons.
Castiel turned his head to the left and felt a twinge of sadness… He regretted to have accepted to come along, he should have found a last minute excuse. Yet, they were all so excited to come to this ranch that he hadn’t found the courage to disappoint them.
As Dean refused to let his children wander alone in the streets, he decided to accompany them as he had done every year... Surprisingly, they’d never complained about it... as long as their father and Castiel were disguised as well... They were actually not the only parents to do so...
“Am I the only one who thinks something has just happened or was I in another dimension?” Gaby asked ironically.
Dean is hot but he doesn't say anything and doesn't try to push him away.
« Why don’t you ask Jo to come and give you a hand ? »
« Absolutely not » he sighed and walked inside
She waved at Castiel, feeling shy. He waved back as a reflex without really looking at her.
« No... I’ll stay here. »
"Hello, Mr. Singer. " he says
He hesitated a few seconds before opening the last present. There was a card slided underneath the ribbon. It was one of those cheesy cards with a sparkling Santa. Dean must have found it at the last minute. He always felt a bit awkward with the season’s emotional display and Castiel found it very touching Dean had made an effort for him.
« 3 and ketchup» with a smile.
The angel doesn't answer and just takes a beer and opens it.
He stopped short at the living room. There he was, sitting on the couch, Jewel cuddling against him and Chadwick sitting across the coffee table.
He withdrew into himself and Bobby understood the matter was closed. He stared at Dean for a while waiting the him to speak some more. But nothing.
« Care for a drink? »
« Of course, but don’t expect us to go very soon, Pumpkin. Perhaps during the Summer holidays » Dean turned off the DVD reader and put the remote back on the table.
"Where are the kids "
"So?" Dean says, his forearms resting on the table, bottle in his hands, playing with the condensation on the glass.
« I present you Wink »
« Yes, it’s really him » Chadwick confirmed, reading the credentials on the DVD box.
« I’m sorry » he planted a kiss on her forehead.
"It's not funny."
The rest of the conversation got lost between the living room walls.
He came around and looked for Dean who had vanishes from the room.
After the meal, they all headed to the living room and savored their desert.
He sees the man turn toward him and nods. He takes a notebook out of his pocket and scribbles down a few words, rips out the page and hands it to Dean.
Dean got dressed as Castiel watched him, his knees against his chest.
He knew he couldn’t live without him, he had forced Castiel to swear he would stay with them, because he didn’t feel like he could make it without this man, this friend who had taken such a huge importance in their life… in his life.
" Still, you 've eaten the T-Rex sandwich."
“He is... pretty?” He ducked his head. “I take that as a yes.”
« Do you like it at least? »
Jewel talked about nothing but Tessa, Chadwick was telling about his bike trips plan and Dean informed everyone that they wouldn’t attend lunch the next day.
Balty wasn’t amused with this little game anymore.
« Yes? »
He pushed her away to face her and wiped the tears from her cheeks.
"I will remember it next time", he answers in an ironic tone, half-closed eyes.
Castiel has paid for a higher fence in the garden.
« I hate camping » Dean puffed, curled up on the ground.
Balty would keep going on, when with a single look, Castiel would order him to be quiet…
They decided the visit the place from top to bottom for a change. .. From the fifth floor to the second, it seemed more logical to them... They took one of the four transparent elevators that were tirelessly carrying customers up and down between the floors.
« Who’s Zeke ? »
The supervisor's waiting for him. In a few minutes, he'll call his parents.
« I’m nothing but a coward »
" As a log, what about you ? "
A suspended moment and…
His green orbs look after his friend's blue.
« Sure, why not, as long as you’re back for supper.»
He felt a strange sensation of distance and closeness… Like she was still there yet no longer occupying the space with him.
"Are you kidding me or are you doing this on purpose ? Did you even listen a single word I just said ," Sam shouts.
Dean explains his father's unfortunate mating attempts. Castiel's laughter turns his guts upside down. Castiel calms down, his eyes catch Dean's.
(See the end of the chapter for
« Promise ?»
The blows down and Benny doesn't fight back. He is just dodge some of the punch or adorn others. His fury blinds Castiel. He strikes, but all Benny sees are the tears running down his cheeks. This moment of inattention earns him a second punch on his nose that makes him stagger and fall on his buttocks.
« No, that’s fine... Balty’s right, it could be good for us all » he said, granting Dean a genuine smile.
"You’re talking nonsense, I meant it, Cass. I’m about to hit you for that " Dean was furious, his face had turned pale, and he was looking tense and tired ...
« You’re OK, Cass ? » Dean suddenly looked a bit worried as he watched Castiel staring at nothing.
« Why did you kiss him? »
« I thought it was working between you two? I thought that you… and him... » All of a sudden, Balty was afraid to hear the answer.
If I don't speak to you anymore, if I don't need your friendship anymore, if I have abandoned you ... It is because ... I lov'...
He startled when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
« I forbid you to let go, Dean Winchester… Do you hear me ?... Don’t you ever let these two assholes ruin everything, all right ? Do you remember how long you withdrew into yourself after Tessa passed away ?...7 months, Dean… 7 months !.... And you all survived this, more bonded than ever.... This is just one more trial you’ll overcome, and you’ll be stronger than before… All you need is a bit of patience because he went through a lot and right now, he has no clue as to how to express it... You, more than anyone, should know ; after all, you kept your pain down deep inside for so long»
« Sure, honey » Balty replied as he took Jewel in his arms and shuffled through Chadwick’s hair. The little boy pushed him away and laughed.
« Nothing... I was just thinking… that’s all »
« You don’t look like you can… » he broke off when he saw the boots Dean was wearing.
« Yes ? »
He looked at her lip, still a bit swollen.
« Talk about what ? »
Castiel greeted them and left without further ado.
« Wait, I’m gonna..... » but it was not use, he couldn’t take it off him.
The kids just loved his funny acting and Apache was sitting on his lap each time he came for a visit.
« Dammit Dean !» Castiel shouted, brushing the snow off his face.
Dean looked at him.
Jack was the Rottweiler guarding the farm he owned just outside of town.
Bobby loved to cook but Christmas was above all a family gathering and he wasn’t willing to spend most of the evening in the kitchen as his loved ones were celebrating in the other room.
« That kiss… that damned kiss… I loved it, Cass... » he finally said, looking him in the eyes. Cass didn’t react.
Castiel remained silent, absent-minded. " What’s the matter ? You’re still thinking about what happened earlier? I should be the one making a fuss about it, don’t you think? "
« I beg your pardon ? » Dean startled, his eyes full of doubt.
"Chad ... Can you tell us the name of this work, please ? " Balty asked, posing as the Nutty Professor, his hands crossed in his back.
An ordinary life… His ordinary life.
« Then it’s all that counts... You’re a big girl now, right?»
« Are you coming, Cass ? » Jewel called from the doorstep.
“Do you believe in love at first sight?”
« Pinch me! » Dean bursted out laughing as his daughter was staring at him in disbelief.
It is...
« Ok, kids. Let’s talk straight» he said, looking at Castiel who sat down and opened himself a soft drink can.
The horse slowed down, but before stopping, it made a sudden move to the left and Dean lost his balance.
« What’s that smile about ? » she asked in a suspicious tone.
« Trust me » he finally said as he put down the cup and walked out of the kitchen under his uncle’s worried gaze.
« OK… that looks good, don’t you think ?» he was waiting for the six-year old’s approval.
« Dean... A kiss is a kiss »
« It’s Christmas » the boy stared at him.
“Dean Winchester.” He fell back to silent. “You don’t seem too thrilled about this,” she said in a tone that betrayed her disappointment.
“Nothing... Dammit, I love it when you do that,” Dean said, cupping his cheek. “I’m gonna call Ellen and ask her to look after Sam today.”
When Dean worked at Bobby’s, Ellen, the ground floor neighbour, looked after Sam. “Watching TV here or at home, what difference does it make? At least, I’m not alone.” When she arrived, Sam was usually sleeping... Dean made his best to come back home as soon as possible. Bobby never kept him too late, he knew his family situation. As soon as the last customer was served, Dean left.
“What should we do now? Because I must admit I’m a bit lost... I’d never thought I would once be crazy about a man,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment.
He had given Chadwick his own worn-out clothes and ripped them in several places to make them look more authentic.
« Cass ? » he looked worried.
Castiel watch them leave the room, followed by Dean.
« And ? »
« OK ».
"You never asked me to stay. I never allowed myself to do so," Castiel answers resignedly.
« Yeah, I know… I’m sorry, Lisa… But each time I wanted to do so, another shoe was dropping again and again» he rubbed his neck.
John's jerks never comes.
Dean takes off his headphone sand approaches the door just as the argument ends. He hears heavy footsteps on the stairs and Sam drops a thunderous "Jerk" as he slams the door to his room.
" Oh shit ! " Dean leaned back on his chair, rubbing his face with his hands.
« Get uuuuup » Jewel shouted.
Dean stood there, motionless, in the middle of the living room, unable to comprehend what had just occurred. He tried to understand how they had come down to this.
She saluted him and walked away. Castiel felt heartbroken and instinctively tightened his embrace around Jewel’s shoulders.
« Balty » he pulled him in and held him in his arms. Balty smiled and returned the embrace.
« Do you think that Castiel is trying to make him… jealous ? »
He sees the angel's shoulders sag and his knuckles whiten around his beer bottle. Dean almost expects it to burst in his hands.
« Are you kidding, I just love those superglue pasta of yours » he let out a forced laugh, feeling a bit relieved, but also a bit like a coward.
« So, as I said before, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking lately and this dance lesson episode brought me to talk to the kids about it all. »
There were about ten cars waiting to be returned to their owner before Saturday night…
" We could take a shower together if you want to ? " Dean’s voice wasn’t that confident though.
Definitely an ordinary family.
" We need at least this space to put your feathered heart in " Dean feels ridiculous and pathetic but the smile that Castiel makes brushes all that away. And his heart skips a beat.
"The hall of mirrors ", yells the elder to break the discomfort.
« Nothing. I just thought we’re blessed, the kids and I… »
« The children ? » Castiel winked.
« That you love him, Dean. Nothing less, nothing more. You’ll see, words will then flow easily...» She put a hand on his cheek « Castiel loves you... He’ll understand... If he’s to come to you and be able to love you, you gotta tell him how you feel ».
« I know but Dean... » he seemed lost in his thoughts.
« Knowing Bobby, I’m sure he isn’t » Dean replied with a smile.«... And the family without you just wouldn’t be the same » he went on as he opened the fridge.
« Have you talked to him about it? »
« Look Jewel » he let go of Castiel, grabbed the little girl’s waist and lifted her up the barrier.
« Bobby »
« APACHE ! » Dean called at the top of his lungs. The dog jumped on his feet and ran towards the lake.
« So… After this little break of « I’m making fun of myself in front of a bunch of kids », I’m going back to my pans » Bobby announced.
" Yes, Cass ? " he started to feel a bit nervous by his attitude.
Castiel treasured his intimacy as he was spending most of his time with Dean and the kids.
Thank you to continue to follow this story. In the light or in the shadow.
« Good morning » a little voice said. He turned around and noticed Jewel hadn’t had much sleep either.
"Good" he said, pointed at the desk.
« Okay. We might as well try. If we fail, we’ll still have time to buy one at the baker’s » he said with a smile.
Mark taught them the basics of lasso handling.
« It’s not fair » the boy repeated.
The boy was standing there, in front of his father, facing him in a defiant attitude. He needed the answer and he would get it for sure.
" I know " Dean took his son’s wrists in his hands.
He kept on digging and suddenly a smell turned his stomach, he pressed himself on the side of dirt wall. The smell of death, of putrefaction…
« C’mon, don’t pull a face like that » Lisa was laughing even louder and planted a kiss on his cheek « The second movie will probably be better »
« It’s pissing me off » he whispered. « Why did I introduce him, goddammit ? » he ran his fingers through his hair.
« Kids, do you also want one of these ? »
« It’s not good, is it ? »
« Yeah, I know » Castiel admitted, with a dismayed expression on his face.
« YOU started this ! »
Madison was waiting for him, apparently absorbed in corrections for a while when Castiel entered the Café....
« Why do I suddenly fear the worst ? » Dean sighed, grabbing his coffee cup.
(See the end of the chapter for
« Tonight… will be just like before ».
you give life to my fic
« I don’t know… I’m lost. All I know is I’m waiting for his calls with a knot in my heart. I’m counting the days because I need to hear his voice, to hear him grumble because I borrowed his shirts, to hear him laugh at my silly jokes even if he didn’t get half of them… I need him by my side»
« Mom and I didn’t get bit.»
They had the feeling the day was going on forever. When Jo finally arrived to pick them up, they were ready, waiting at the school gate.
Dean looks up, in panic.
Dean was sipping his coffee in silence under the sharp eye of Bobby.
« Oh did you ? » he replied, raising an eyebrow.
"This game is ridiculous ".
"Whatever" Dean took another big bite in his sandwich. "Balty could have waited until we were gone"
Dean claims he's working too hard. Castiel knows the truth, but keeps quiet. Dean knows he knows, but acts like nothing's wrong.
« What did he do to risk suspension ?»
« Oh look, Daddy, Santa Claus’s reindeers » Jewel felt giddy with excitement.
Dean nodded.
« Please to meet you » they all said in unison.
Castiel was on fatigue duty… Dean wasn’t a fan of manga or other cartoons of the genre that his children had become diehard fans of.
« Yes… » Zeke was smiling in anticipation of something pleasant.
« I’m off to a good start »
« Night, PacMan ! »
A room, Castiel wanted to say and he started laughing to himself. Dean had probably understood because he started to laugh too.
This angel who the day before had simply said : "I love you" as we said hello.
One of their last pictures showing them all together. Dean was holding Tessa in his arms and Castiel was kneeling in front of them, with the children on each side.
« In the kitchen, we were waiting for you »
« Ain’t you done criticizing my cooking ?» his eyes were filled with a gentle threat.
« I met Kate… and… we… » He nibbled his bottom lip.
Nevertheless, he missed Castiel and everything about him ; these few days listening to his bloody conscience had thrown him back into doubts and questions.
« I’ll do the same with Kevin » Dean added, finally sitting down. « I can hear him complain about it already » he said, rolling his eyes.
« But… But what… Holy shit! » Dean exclaimed, his hands on his hips.
"How ? How? " Sam yells desparated." Dean, you're like a crazy 15-year-old girl when you look at your Dr Sexy... You're turning on guys in the street... At first, I thought you were doing it for research, on purposes or just as a game to prove to yourself that you were appealing to everyone, even men, one of those ego things... But, I soon realized that it was more than that...At the time, I didn't tell you about it because I knew you was not ready to talk about it... with Dad around, i know you were never going to spill it out...You were always so afraid of disappointing him or not corresponding to the image of the good soldier he had of you...that he had made of you... After his death, I thought you would trust me enough to talk to me about it, but I quickly realized that it was a lost cause, so I stopped hoping," Sam breaths deeply. "And then Castiel came."
« Will you be present on Saturday?» Chadwick needed to know.
« It’s… it’s amazing » she took it out of the box and put it on her wrist.
Dean closed his eyes, leaning his head when he felt the kiss n the back of his neck.
He would surely override his prejudice and his barriers, he was certain Castiel would help him out.
They hung around for a few hours and enjoyed toffee apples and cotton candy… No one was paying attention to this so ordinary family… Two men… Two children… It was Christmas season… The mood was festive… no judging.
Surprisingly, Chadwick seemed to enjoy being at the farm, because the tension he felt at home was more than he could bear since Castiel’s return.
« But... » Dean’s voice was nothing but a whisper.
« I know... But he’s as secretive as Cass »
Meg and John had proposed to take the kids to the movies so he saw the perfect opportunity to escape from his house ; whatever, the shadows were following him until here…
He never suspected what was at hand. He was too busy himself and was too tired to look for an explanation he didn’t need after all.
The end
« He’s afraid to get turned down... which may actually happen » Dean winked at him. « I’m rather handsome, compared to him» he added with a big smile on his face.
They remained staring at each other for a short while, which seemed like an eternity to the others.
We looked to each other for a long time like always except that this time, i was fully aware of what was going on. You know me: " Courage. Let's run" is my motto when feelings come to screw up the mess in my head.
" Less funny" he replies
He was sipping his fifth beer when the front door opened. Castiel’s voice sounded strangely cold and Zeke’s sounded desperate… A bit annoyed too.
Within a short while, Dean’s legs were on top of Jewel, Chadwick’s arms were above Dean’s head, and Jewel was stuck between them.
Sam has left home. He skipped a grade, got a scholarship and a place in a prep' class at a big L.A. school. He wants to be a lawyer. Despite his younger brother's to let him alone, Dean encouraged him to pursue his dream. Sam had been waiting only for his approval, ignoring their father's since the day he threw Castiel out of the family house.
« Dean » He rested his head on the seatback and stared at the ceiling.
«Yes » Castiel replied, staring at Cheyenne.
He wipes angrily the tears running down his cheeks.
Her head resting on her hand, she was pecking in her plate.
Lisa shared his life all right, yet he had a hard time determining which part of it?
« It’s already difficult for the poor Jack to go out for a leak, so running up the hills, forget it...» Bobby extended a little sad smile to the old Rottweiler lying at his feet.
This gesture had destroyed the little resistance left in his heart... She had seen her brother cry on very rare occasions and she had felt much more shaken by his blow than his attitude when he had collapsed in her arms, feeling lost, out of control.
« Shit! » Dean sighed and put his head between his hands « Shit!! »
././.
The real difference was Dean wasn’t sleeping alone anymore.
Dean let out a long sigh and raised the eyes to heaven.
« God loves all his children »
« What? Did he forget to wipe his feet again? » Dean stated, winking at Bobby, probably the author of the crime.
“It probably means that it is how it was supposed to be,” he thought and yet it left him with a heavy heart... Those damned blue eyes branded on his memory would keep haunting him for a long time.
“Damn it, Sammy… You do realise he told me he loved me… Shit, I’m not gay!”
« How do they do it? How did you do it? »
Castiel raised his head and his eyes dived into Dean's.
A brand new family was born around the table, filled with half-eaten cakes, empty wine glasses and coffee cups… A family beyond blood
«Of course. Gimme your foot» He grabbed his leg, stretched it and blocked it between his knees, with his back to Dean.
Cold linked to fear...
“No, I’m not.” Dean looked up and met the old man’s eyes. “Franck... Do you believe in love at first sight?”
« Are you sure ? Because the shop is pretty big. You can’t take everything you like, you know that. »
« What’s that supposed to mean? » Bobby mocked him.
« Dean ? » Castiel called, a bit worried. « Are you all right? »
"Dude...What's it been...Eight years we've known him...and except when he was in too bad shape to do otherwise, all we ever did was suggest that he stay with us...Put yourself in his shoes...Your suggestion was a surprise."
“Shit,” he grumbled as he realised that thinking of the blue-eyed stranger had made his body react.
some angst in this chapter...Sorry but... not sorry
Since forever.
He had never been attracted to a man before... It was like a hot flush followed by a cold shower...
Dean laughed, perplexed and little convinced.
« Just the same, Sweetie » he replied as he grabbed his coffee mug.
« Hi sweetie... Well then, where have you been? » He gave her a big kiss.
« As if there were anything to be forgiven! »
" And... the girl ? " Castiel askes him, glancing at the bedroom.
He climbed the stairs, Dean’s eyes on his back.
« English literature, huh? » Dean repeated for himself.
«...I would have accepted if his happiness was at stake. Even if I didn’t have two gay friends explaining how it works» she went on.
« It’s my fault »
Even to love Castiel would be complicated… he knew what physical love between men implied, Balty had told him all about it, in every detail.
« I had a great time today »
« I… I don’t know what got into me… He said that he was gonna leave, that he needed some space and I panicked and … » He sighed. « Dammit, Jo. I kissed Cass... I’m such a jerk »
« You look like you’ve seen a ghost. » Balty said mockingly. « Don’t I even get a hug? » he pouted, looking at the children with a dismayed face.
When I got out of the bathroom, you put me against the wall. You stared at me with this almost dark blue eyes.
" We’ll take all the time we need "
The scares look like wings, Sam said when he found Castiel shirtless in the bathroom a few months later.
She looked exhausted, fighting to keep her eyes open and savor the precious moment.
« Damn, I’ll give ‘em to you later » he sighed, his face marked with anger.
« Dammit, Jo, Shut up!»
« Of course not, but I can hear your thoughts loud and clear! » Castiel snapped back, grabbing the reins and saddling up.
They heard Jewel’s voice mixed with Castiel’s lower tone.
Mark freed the calf and let it out. Another one came in the perimeter.
Dean leans over and whispers in the hollow of his ear: "You know I love you, Cass.".
“Yes, but right now, I feel like... you know... It’s just I don’t really know how...” Dean smiled and ducked his head again.
« Wait » Castiel dismounted, tied Cheyenne’s rein then walked towards Wink.
Dean felt Castiel’s smiling mouth on his skin and smile in turn.
He and Dean are no longer in the same class, but have made sure to choose the same complementary class. Castiel took mechanics and Dean took astronomy. Choices that made their friends laugh at the time.
« I’d prefer this remain between us, for the time being»
« The soup of the day and a piece of pie »
« Fuck you ! »
« I’m aware what this night cost you… But you stayed»
« You’d have torn this family to pieces with such a confession… just let time do its work... »
« So you intend to feed it, walk it, pick up the poop that’s gonna decorate the living room, right ? » Dean answered back.
"Oh", getting up. "You didn't like her ? " Castiel wrinkles his brows, a mixture of puzzlement and curiosity then a suddenly sparkle in that blue that Dean couldn't define.
« This will be for later in the evening » Bobby smiled, offering him a cup of coffee.
Castiel just turned 14.
« Don’t you ever talk about her like that! » he said in a very low tone.
Dean returned to the Motel immediately… Castiel knew the address… Sam remained quiet… For months now, he brother and Castiel had been playing at ignoring each other and now, Sam knew it was simply too late… Too late for Dean…
« That’s the one... » His son replied with a smile.
He hesitated for a while… which actually seemed like an eternity.
« To help you get … reunited somehow. »
« Surprise... well, I hope everyone’s gonna like it, but … anyway. » he turned around again and supervised his pasta.
"You never had a sense of rhythm" Castiel laughed out loud.
« Nice... » Dean said as he helped Castiel step out of the car.
« Excuse me?» he turned around.
Jewel grabbed her father’s leg and looked up at him with begging eyes. She, on the other hand, was her mom Tessa’s spitting image.
« Dean » Castiel turned around and looked daggers at him.
He stands there for several minutes without anyone seeming to care to see a child as tall as three apples abandoned in front of a closed door.
"Fuck, man, I've never seen you like that before," Dean smiles at him, rubbing his neck, embarrassed.
« So you set me up instead» Castiel replied as he put down his mug.
« I’d like to point out that I don’t make a living with my gorgeous body only, unlike certain people like to imagine » he argued with a wink at Dean.
He had been dating Lisa Braeden for almost two months now; it was time to introduce her to the rest of the family. He had understood since the beginning of their relationship that she wouldn’t be just a one-night adventure, that perhaps, he could build something solid with her.
They finished their beer and headed for their respective tent, with a good-night nod…
« Go, Chad, go !» Castiel encouraged him.
Fifteen days during which he was gonna miss him, as each year for the last ten years.
Chadwick woke him up from his reverie.
Each time Dean felt his body reacting, he would sense the fear crawling inside again. He would then push Castiel away, sometimes a bit harshly. And they would do as they had done before, foreheads against each other, hand on the back of the neck, to regain control, to deny the other’s body… to apologize...
Right then he noticed there was one gift left.
Hope to see you in 21 days
She put the painting away in a safe place and snuggled up against Dean, legs up on the couch, her head resting on his chest
Lies...Lies... lies...
« Why don’t you speak with Balty about it? »
" You’ve just said you love him"
The boy was making a formal statement as much for himself as for his father. He was afraid of the unknown. Afraid that this new piece of the puzzle could shatter the life of this ordinary family.
Their eyes met.
He had all he needed: a loft bed, a living room with an office area and a small kitchen, a bathroom and a tiny terrace. That’s all what meant for him. It was home. Even if home actually meant the whole house and all its occupants in his mind.
« One thing doesn’t preclude the other, you know. Gay people are allowed to get married in several states and nothing prevents us from having kids » he said in a soft tone, without passing any judgement. He understood Dean’s reaction, it was only natural.
« Yes, but he went back to bed, he doesn’t feel well... »
"Hi," Dean mumbles. heading straight ahaid for the percolator.
Dean sighed and smiled.
Castiel looked down.
But for him, it was difficult to conceive that two men could be in love and much less share a bed.
He got an IM on his mailbox.
« Please note that I didn’t rush on your sensual lips out of despair» she almost ran out.
Hope that you gonna like this it.
Mary who had sacrificed her family for him.
He had only found out about the joy of celebration with his first boyfriend and since then, he’d never missed one.
« Pretty nice, I like it » Castiel confirmed.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have," Castiel whispers, head low, hands into the pockets of his trench coat.
« Would you clean this, honey ? » as he lowered his face to her.
« I’ll take care of Jewel and Mark will take care of Chadwick, as planned» he said, turning to Castiel.
He had enjoyed holding him in his arms, feeling his body heat against his and smelling that slightly musky scent. Suddenly, he recalled Kate’s words, she was right; he had plenty of time and a thousand options available.
And then, the inevitable conclusion.... Lisa... He started to hate that name. She had just put an end to ten years of illusion.
The little teddy bear falls into the bag and Dean curses, watching his pluchie slide off the claws.
The children showed up at that precise moment. There was a huge smile on their faces and Dean refrained from complaining any further.
« Not really, I just learned my lesson too late and I don’t wanna make the same mistakes... No one should play with the feelings of another or try to bend them to our will »
There was a long monologue from Dean, punctuated with little laughters and not these usual « oh shit » or « dammit »...
« Thanks for the trust » Castiel sighed.
« Oh, you look great. » Jewel claimed as she stood up.
« You’re so lucky, your heart is made of ice » he said in a sad and distant tone.
« CASS » he shouted for help.
« Other issues ? » Bobby now looked worried and sat down.
« It’s a global conspiracy… isn’t it? Admit it! » He frowned.
The attic was divided in two spaces: the bedrooms on one side and a large lumber room where Uncle Bobby was hardly visiting.
« So, tell me. » Bobby started, taking two cups in the cupboard.
« You already thanked me… by accepting me in your midst. »
« I never thought I could feel so much pain in the butt after sitting on a horse » he said in a chuckle.
« I’d love to think I’ll be strong enough to do so, but will you be patient enough to wait for me ? »
" Perfect. Pizza, at my place ?"
Apache came closer and felt perplexed as he studied Dean’s costume.
« Castiel is waiting for us » Jo went on.
« There’s no denying, it suits you perfectly » Dean added, gently pushing his son and getting up.
“Wow, an Impala! She’s amazing!”
(See the end of the chapter for
« You're sure ? »
« Of course I will... Where else should I be?» he smiled and brushed a lock of hair from her forehead.
« Smells good, for sure » Dean said, smelling deeply.
« You’ve been acting like yourselves. But next time, tell me the truth, don’t pretend »
"Go Pa ... You're don’t wanna be outraced by a girl, right? " he started to laugh too.
The morning after, he would receive some Christmas pastries, nothing more.
Castiel looked at Balty as he left without a word, feeling Dean’s eyes on him.
« Are these the children you told me about? »
« Sorry, I was taking care of the kids and the household» she groaned, as she sat down.
« What’s the matter, Dean ? »
« I’ll be fine... I can manage and besides, it’ll do me good... I need to take my mind off things and breathe some fresh air »
"It's the name of an angel," he mumbles, sheepishly.
« You can. I wanna toast to your gay defloration» he went out in a big laugh.
Balty kissed him on the forehead as he gently forced him to lay down.
« He suspected something and, according to Jo, now he’s sure of it. » he raised an eyebrow with a smirk.
Castiel startled when Dean slammed the door behind him.
« That perhaps we could try to find a table… I’m starving. I haven’t had a bit to eat since lunch»
« But… I… you... » This time, Dean was the one stammering.
« You’re welcome » Castiel whispered, looking at Apache’s head on his lap.
« Have fun, kids… »
" This is you "
« Aren’t you gonna put your bathing suits on? » He was all smiles.
« Yes. Go ahead… I’ll drive them. »
« Laugh it up ! You know what ? You’ll take care of it because I certainly won’t. Out of the question! Got it?»
“AND? I’m not gay!” He almost shouted as he turned around.
"Show me that," Dean orders in a voice that is too hoarse, broken both by his cries and by the feelings that make him too talkative, him, usually so taciturn.
« He’s setting the table » she didn’t seem troubled at all to see both men share the same bed.
You are so convinced that you are no longer of any use to me, that you are no more than a burden.
« I thought you hated this lame demonstration! » He cut himself another piece of pie.
« Dean » Castiel’s eyes got lost for a second in Dean’s.
« After… after the attack… when he got home… you told me he was the man of one man… You always knew, right? »
« I think it’s a very good idea » Castiel approved. He guessed Dean wasn’t too happy about it, even if he tried to hide his reluctance to go.
Shopping together wasn’t really a family business. Sometimes, on rare occasions, they were filling the caddie together. Not that Dean didn’t want to shop with Castiel or the other way around; one was simply taking advantage of the opportunity to take care of other tasks, laundry, dish-washing or cleaning the house, without the kids hopping around in the house. It had become a habit and no one had ever complained about it.
« Dean…All the dance teachers show that kind of attitude, it’s part of the legend »
The kids ran to the tent, screaming and pushing each other to get there first under the tired supervision of Apache sitting at the entrance.
« Hello. »
« Madison? »
He stopped in front of his bedroom, opened the door, peeking at the stairs leading to Castiel’s bedroom.
« It’s just a little something… but I wanted you to have it » he added, looking down...
He stepped back again to observe her with attention.
"Pa," Dean panickes as Castiel has just collapsed.
« Now what is THAT supposed to mean?»
Dean helps him with his homework and makes dinner while the youngest takes a shower. They eat watching an episode of The Simpsons or Batman. Maybe Sam will get a chance to say goodnight to his father before he goes to sleep.
Balty was sitting at the other end of the table, sipping a Lemmy, and looking at them with shining eyes, which made Dean feel angry… without knowing why.
“Cass?” Balty waved his hand in front of his friend’s blank face.
She ran to him and Castiel pulled her in a tight embrace.
Next time…
The youngest boy climbes the flight of steps leading up to the first one.
All they need was the five of them.
When she announced they had broken up, he couldn’t contain his joy.
Balty had another idea, with more dramatic consequences, but this one would cost him… He wasn’t meant for Castiel, he knew that, but these two were meant for each other… He was certain of it..
« I said no, end of discussion »
He felt as if she was standing in the room behind him, observing them all. He smiled to himself.
He ended up slumped on the couch in front of the television, with a beer in his hand. Should anyone ask him what he was watching, he’d been unable to answer, as all his thoughts were converging on his last conversation with Jo.
Jo came to visit the next day, a casual visit…Uncle Bobby was accompanying her.
« You’re a friend of Greg’s, right ?... We heard you talk to him »
“Oh, Cass... Be a bit audacious,” his neighbour teased him.
Whatever other people might think, they were happy together and no one, nothing would ever change that....
Dean was supposed to get back two hours later. They was no way he would suspect anything.
Leaning against the wall of the bunker, wearing his leather jacket, Dean's running from the place that Sam still wants to decorate.
He stepped away. Castiel had withdrawn, his fists against his thighs. Dean was standing in front of him. The vein on his forehead was beating hard.
« Why not? »
"It won't change you too much ", Sam replies.
« Yes » he finally said in a whisper.
Wink felt the pressure of the knees on her sides and the bit loose : she considered this a call to freedom...
« I’m no good in a kitchen » he said as he walked closer.
“I can’t... It’s...”
Because this bunker is their home.
« I swear I didn’t do anything » the latter was laughing, trying to zigzag to avoid Dean’s reach.
« Yeah, see you on Monday »
« There was nothing you could do against the two of them… They’re nothing but cowards… You don’t have to blame yourself… You’re alive; you’re stronger than them, stronger then their hatred. »
« Yes, Pa’ »
The professor was standing next to the piano and speaking with a mother whom Castiel has seen sometimes. He wasn’t exchanging a lot with other parents, only with Megan, the mother of Marissa, one of Jewel’s friends.
“Dean!”
« Wow » Dean laughed.
He raised his hand and rang the bell. The club was open 24/7.
" He wants to see me "
Dean rolls up the sleeves of his shirt, jabbering.
New revelation will have Dean's beliefs shaken.
He reached for his phone.
"Don’t make me kick your ass in public, OK? " Dean scolded.
« I prefer to stop right here if you don’t feel like going any further… I want you, do you understand that ? I’ve wanted you for so long… I need you »
« What ? » he opened his eyes and looked around; everyone was staring at him. « Have I said something wrong ? » he asked in an innocent tone.
Chadwick was laughing his heart out and tried to help his father who refused to let go anyway.
« Finally, I get to meet the man who managed to trap the biggest pant chaser in the universe » Dean said in an amused tone, extending a hand to the visitor.
« Who do you think I am? » Balty looked offended. «Do you think I’d bring a total stranger here? »
He saw the soft ball in one of the bags and smiled.
« That’s what I thought » she was about to leave the room when Dean grabbed her hand.
" Where’s Castiel ? " Jewel asked, looking at her brother with begging eyes. " Is he mad at us ? " she went on, her lips trembling with contained emotion.
Chadwick joined his sister next to the tree, they sat on the floor and opened the box without a word.
Dean made a face ; Castiel yelled at him.
« Neither have I» Castiel returned his smile.
" Yeah, right ! ," with a little nervous laugh, " Anyway, I... I can't."
"We're just pals" the boy said, looking down at his feet.
Castiel leaned with his back to the sink and looked at him. Dean was feeling clumsy as a kid caught up doing some mischief, eager to hear the right words to forgive his error.
"All that matters to me is that you're happy... and honestly, I don't care with whom."
« Baltyyyyyy » Jewel screamed, rushing into his arms. He grabbed her and lifted her from the floor, kissing her.
He was wringing his fingers, feeling both angry and sad at once.
« Come again? »
"Aren’t you buying anything? " He asked Castiel, as they both leaned their back against the counter while Chadwick was trying the shirt on ...
End of chapter
« Shut up !» he pointed a threatening finger at her. « Get the hell out of here » he shouted.
Madame Fournier nodded without a word. Standing tall, stiff neck, leaning on her cane. Castiel couldn’t help finding something fascinating about her, like she was a vivid portrait of a typical ballet dancer.
Dean felt he was blushing a bit and turned away.
"You live your life, I live mine ... But there’s no way that I’ll change OUR life because it doesn’t seem proper for some country bumpkins who think that two guys living under the same roof are necessarily faggots or a couple "
The « Black Horse » ranch was composed of several buildings.The main residence was made of wood and bricks, two floors and on the side, the staff quarters...
The animal was running in circles and Chadwick pulled the lasso to prevent it from getting rid of it. After a few seconds that seemed long minutes, Dean managed to lay the animal on the ground and put a knee on its flank to maintain it.
« We missed you too »
« Could be great to invite a teacher » Chadwick smiled, teasing Castiel.
An uncomfortable silence grew between them. He stood up and almost bumped in Dean, standing in front of him, not moving an inch.
« Daddy ? Can I come in ?» she asked from a distance, with a worried expression on her face.
Balty suddenly felt uneasy. Dean’s eyes went from one to the other.
« Good night, Pa’ »
« Thanks... We spent a fabulous week here! » he pulled Garth towards him and patted him in the back.
« You shouldn’t have waited for me »
« Why not? » Castiel asnwered as we was already heading upstairs.
« I don’t blame him, you know. He was a good father. »
« Why don’t you tell him? »
" What, Dean ? " he stared at him with a nasty look.
As soon as he discovered its content he remained motionless for a while.
« The kids… »
Dean buried his face in his hands... He felt so helpless as he witnessed his family falling apart. His heart was filled with anger, rage, despair. These guys had almost destroyed his friend and as a consequence the house of cards of their lives was tumbling down as well.
" Doesn’t this bother you? "
« My dad had a boxer named Ronin. One day, the dog bit him in the ass. Dean has been scared to death of dogs ever since.»
Castiel felt like the ground was about to give way beneath his feet... He had looked at Dean before Gaby even got the time to introduce him, he wanted to greet him out of politeness and had suddenly met his eyes.
Chadwick got a new helmet and brand new knee and elbow pads as his had been definitely ruined during their last visit.
John hears the tears in his kid's voice and it twists his heart. Out of habit, he spins his wedding ring. He's thinking about Mary.
He was in love with Jo and what she brought him even though he was reluctant to plan for the future of their relationship... He had told Jo on the very first day of their encounter, painting would always come first. She had accepted it; she had acknowledged that part she was attracted to… The artist.
"Cass, we've been waiting for you to break the pinata. " Dean rushes him.
« Would you like that, pumpkin ?» Dean said, softly stroking her cheek.
When he reached the entrance, the door banged open onto a huge Christmas tree
When he joined the children, Jewel jumped in his arms.
Castiel knew...
" Do you believe he’s.... "
" ASSHOLE " Castiel shouted, brutally pushing his arms down. " ASSBUTT " he hit Dean with both hands on the chest.
« Let’s put a stake inside, to reinforce it all » Dean proposed, looking around in the garden. He walked to the far end and broke a branch from the outreaching neighbor’s cherry tree.
« So what ?» he smiled, gently wiping on as more tears ran down her cheeks.
« If anyone had told me something like this would fall on my lap, I’d have laughed. I was married, happy. I got two wonderful children with the most extraordinary woman and then everything tumbles down on me and I end up in the arms of a man… My best friend, one of the pillars of my family, a genuine part of my past. This is completely crazy, it scares me» he rubbed the top of his head.
Castiel couldn’t help laughing quietly.
« So when do you intend to introduce her, now that you’ve spilled the beans? » Balty said with bitter irony.
" Why what ? " Dean played the innocent one.
« Please,... » he pointed out the living room. « Welcome in our modest home... Nothing fancy, but it’s ours »
« Yes »
« Don’t you forget you’re a part of it, Balty... You’ll always be. We owe you so much »
Chadwick was leaving with Jewel …The puppy would refuse to follow…
" Shiiiiiit " he put a foot on the ground.
« Obviously, I’m definitely better with them than with adults » Castiel forced himself to laugh, although his face was exempt from joy.
« Can I tell Marissa now ? » Jewel asked, folding her arms and challenging her father.
« So nothing. This Lisa… I just feel like killing her » he replied, sinking in the sheets.
« The caresses guiding his hand to your hard cock and masturbating you until you lose your mind» Balty went on in a feverish voice, chasing him in the kitchen.
The latter wondered whether he’d be ready one day. The simplest gesture towards Castiel, his friend…his lover… Dean didn’t even knew how he was supposed to name him.
« Don’t you like them ? »
« That’s it ? »
That feeling had been persistent since his mother’s death. Life was so fragile, sometimes holding by a thread. Tessa was a painful reminder of it.
« You’re going for a walk ? »
" Are you hurt ? "
“Definitely... Come on, get out of here.”
« Promise » he said, putting his hat on.
He put his phone back in his pocket, breathed in deeply to hold back the pain twisting his guts and caught up with the kids...
They agreed on gathering at the fitting rooms half an hour later.
«You will always be Cass for me, you know that? It doesn’t matter to me that you… I mean… you know what I mean » he rubbed the back of his neck.
Around 10am, the phone rang... Franck picked it up...
« Dean... It’s me... Where are you ? Come back home, please... The kids are worried… I… I am worried.... »
He walked to the couch, sighed, looked at his DVD collection and smiled.
“We’ll progress at your own pace.”
Castiel finally appeared from behind the tree, all bundled up in his winter jacket, woolly hat squashed down real low.
« Thank you » Vin seemed sincerely touched.
Memories of the past displayed before his eyes.
He smiled at the thought… That’s be a sweet death, indeed.
“Death is your companion now… Pain as well…”
A door opened and Jewel appeared, dressed in a Barbie pink pajamas.
« Now, go and fetch the dough in the fridge… »
« Rather fifteen » Dean snapped with a click of his tongue.
« Like an uncle » Chadwick said as he looked at his sister and then at Castiel.
Jewel had joined her brother and grabbed his hand. Chadwick squeezed it as he watched Zeke and Castiel leaving. Before closing the door, Castiel turned around and looked at them one more time.
End of chapter IV
« Stop complaining » he said as he stood up « C’mon kids, or you’re gonna be very late »
When after several minutes he succeeds, dozens of children rush to the candy that cascades to the ground.
« May I give her Mom’s name ? »
" Don’t you think we spend enough time together as it is? " he replied with shining eyes.
" Pardon ? "
« Jo »
« Tessa, my love... You filled the whole place. How am I supposed to let her in now? » he smiled to himself, feeling a bit sad and bitter about the whole situation.
Dean smile that sad smile and straightened.
Jo brought the children and Dean to see it… Faced with everyone’s enthusiasm… He accepted and two months later, they all moved in together.
Castiel started to fill in the cups he had put on the coffee table. Dean was wiping the tears from his eyes.
« OK… I’ll be right back » he walked out of the kitchen.
« Dean » Castiel smiled even more, his eyes were sparkling. « ...We should take a shower, don’t you think ? » he went on, feeling he had to break the silence between them which had turned uncomfortable.
Everything was strange in the churches atmosphere, even the candles seemed brighter than they should be.
« In my own way… Sounds silly, doesn’t it ? » He sighed.
He had finished grieving… Finally.
« You’re definitely not an early bird, are you? » Balty sighed, rolling his eyes. « All right… I’m not gonna keep you waiting any longer… » he turned to the kids, less certain it would please Dean and above all, Castiel.
« Dean » He now looked a bit falsely panicked.
« Dean, please, let me go »
The subject was never brought up again, but it survives on in every silence.
« I’m sure this will not a-moose us ! »
Losing Lisa for one, the ambiguous situation as he felt attracted to a man, his best friend above all, and here he was, diving into tortuous doubts and challenging. He could look for answers leading to denial, but in the end, he would sink into the obvious fact he was refusing to admit... It was a strange mixture of desire and gut aversion.
« But… but… but honey, I don’t know how to cook, you should know that. »
« It’s not your fault » he replied, smiling at her.
It's snowing.
« You two have been playing hide and seek for so long. Why are you staring at me ? » Kevin asked, looking at Dean then Franck.
He glances distractedly at the few pinned pictures on the wall. His buddies... his closed friends... Bobby and Ellen. Dean holding Sam's baby in his arms. Dean playing with Sam in the park. Dean sitting at a table with his little brother.
« See you tomorrow, Castiel ». He left without uttering another word.
Castiel joined his hands under the table and looked down ... He felt like a scolded child ... Dean leaned back in his chair and let the heat die down.
" God, my love, what have I done? ", his voice breaks.
« I love you so much » he pulled his daughter closed and embraced his son.
Dean stood up and put his bottle on the table a bit brutally.
He now felt so happy and it made him smile. His colleagues smiled back at him as he was walking within the walls of his company. Happiness seemed to be contagious.
Castiel smiled tenderly as he watched the kids and it suddenly became painful. For him… For them… Unable to love him in the same way, to overcome his apprehension and this physical distance that seemed insuperable.
" Dad, I’m not a little boy anymore " Chadwick frowned.
Chadwick and Jewel, without a word and in unison turned to their father, with a mischievous smile on their face.
« According to the witness, it seems that they hit him even when he was already lying on the ground. »
" Door’s unlocked " Castiel finally said.
« You must… That’s the way it is… Choices of life»
His mother had finally accepted his son’s choices. She was getting old, alone, far from that only child, knowing nothing about him, refusing to hear about him until that day… Could it be the sign of God’s mercy and about forgiveness ? So, they had talked about it...
She made eye contact with her brother. Obviously, both children didn’t appreciate neither Lisa’s nor Zeke’s presence.
He leaned on the sink and sighed. Would their relationship survive this ? Would that token of love destroy everything and lead to heavy repercussions ?
« So what ? » she raised an eyebrow
Castiel observed the children’s attitude and their eyes, conspicuously going from their father to him. He finally stared at Chadwick and knew. He knew that look all too well.
Dean came back half an hour later ; Castiel had tidied up the whole place.
A middle-aged woman welcomed them with a smile.
« You should cook more often » Dean said taking another bite. « It’s so good ! »
He hesitates to cross the bar's threshold. He refuses to relive those damn eight years.
« ...if he manages to remain on the saddle » he added.
« For Christ’s sake, munchkins...You know what time it is ?... We’re on holidays and I’m dead tired ! »
« Dean » Castiel called him softly.
« Who ever talked about a gorgeous body? » Dean snapped back, wide-eyed.
"I don’t mind going out with you, you know that, Dean ... But you need to spare precious moments with them, face to face."
He startled when Castiel’s bottle violently hit the table.
However, Castiel started to make faces a bit more often.
« Yep » the man let his hand go down his butt then walked away to help Chadwick set the table.
« A race ? » Dean started to panick and turned to Castiel who was already preparing to go into battle.
« Yeah… Just tired… I’m going to bed... I’m exhausted »
Dressed in a small dark gray trench coat, linen pants and a white shirt, Castiel looks like a little man that he is not.
« Dean. »
« Readyyyyyyyyyy ? »
« I don’t know what I want… I don’t know anymore »
« I think you’re absolutely right » Dean laughed as he looked at their boxers.
« To avoid kissing him again» Jo went on
That was a long time ago.
And damn, I can't help but i cry like a child.
« He particularly enjoys foreplay, intimate caresses and a good blow job to end the round » he started to laugh again. « But don’t ever say I told you, or he’ll kill me » he laughed some more as he saw Dean’s expression of total dismay.
« I’m starving » Castiel turned around and went into the house. Dean let out a sigh...
« Your friend Greg called this morning, he’s worried about you. »
« I’ll never do anything to make you doubt, Dean. Nothing that a woman wouldn’t do… Do you understand ? » he put a hand on Dean’s cheek.
« I can hear you think from here ».
You or us.
« It’ll soften, Cass… Don’t worry… » Dean reassured him, unable to take his eyes off him.
« Don’t forget your medication »
The hands that knot and the socks that touch each other are now only distant memories.
His mother hadn’t talked to him since he returned, she only looked at him and avoided his eyes crying at her.
« So, what do you think ? »
« It was Jewel’s idea… » Chadwick replied with a smile.
Rage and a cursed name... An empty bottle, a broken glass.
“Well, I believe the presentations are already done,” Gaby scorned. “On that note, I’ll leave you.” Castiel looked away from Dean and turned to Gaby, panic washing over his face. “Go on... Talk to each other... You’ve got plenty of things to say... Above all about a certain Cupid’s arrow...” Gaby laughed.
Dean never brought his conquests home… It had been close to a year now that resumed his sexual life but not his love life… He didn’t want to expose his children to the women from his one night stands.
« Did you see that ? Santa has already come here too ! » she said with a suspicious look.
« Man, you’re driving, ok ? You look so elegant, there’s no way you’re gonna wear this! »
Dean called Castiel before the latter closed the door ion his way out.
« I see » Bobby answered, apparently not surprised.
The morning after, a young woman tumbled in the garage, with greasy hands and a haggard face. Her car had just failed... Her eyes met Dean’s. She smiled. He smiled back.
"No ... Just the boots and the bad memories", rising and walking towards Chadwick, cutting Dean’s attempt to find out more.
That’s when Apache decided to join the party.
« You wanna drink one last beer afterwards? » He proposed, feeling somehow relieved after the discussion they had earlier.
« So it is… MachoMan has a crush on his gay friend. Ha ha, that’s a good one!»
" Shit, talk to me "
However, he and Dean share a common passion that keeps what remains of their bond alive: mechanics.
« Help yourself » Dean laughed.
That night, Castiel stared at the ceiling of his bedroom for a long while.
My translator has been operated and her rehabilitation is longer and slower than expected.
« I understand. Don’t worry » said Bryan.
The latter smiled and with a click of the tongue moved his horse along.
« Family Winchester & Novak »
« Nonsense » he replied, raising his eyes and preparing his own plate.
« Same to you » but her tone was a lot more serious.
It's stronger than me, I can't do it anymore Cass ...
"I went to Burger King," Dean grumbles, putting two bags on the table. "I thought of getting you a salad, Bunny " with a kindless smile on his face.
« Already ? »
« That’s my lover ! » he said, planting a kiss on his cheek before following Jo to the kitchen.
« Cass » he said in a hoarse voice, putting a hand on the back of his neck and pulling his forehead against his.
He inadvertently knocked the back of Dean’s head with his knee.
« I’ll take care of the meal » she invited him to sit on the chair on his right.
« Don’t stay up too long. We need to bring the kids to dance class and swimming pool tomorrow»
Dean stands up straight with his hands grasping the railing. His face is stern and his eyes blank.
They all waited in a deadly silence for Dean to appear.
" Never again, Dean " he said in a calm yet firm tone. " Or I swear I’ll break my promise ".
He stayed on his knees feeling empty off all energy, in front of the alter, hands joined, staring at the Christ who seemed to return his look.
It hurt like hell ! Like the day Dean had announced him Tessa was gone.
« Come in »
« This is quite grotesque » Dean sounded furious.
Dean stepped forward.
“Dean... Call first.”
« I’m gonna get a coffee. Want some ? »
« You know it’s a ranch, right ? And Cassie will be delighted to teach them»
Castiel would be back soon...
« Would you happen to be... » she looked down
Penance and sermons.
« You’re gonna leave this ? » she pointed at the pancake.
« You’re kidding me, right ? » He now looked disgusted.
I will be in Supernatural convention in Paris and my translator must be operated of his shoulder (thoughts for her)
« It’s cold » the latter whispered. Dean nodded he didn’t care.
Balty turned around to Castiel who looked up from his menu and gave him a light smile.
"Shut up, idiot," pulling him for a brief hug. "Shut up."
He woke up early in the morning; he wanted to speak to Dean… He knew he was anxious too about what happened.
Dean soon joined him laughing and the noise attracted Kevin in the office.
« My father » he replied, looking down.
Silences that speak louder than the angels whisper.
« I’m aware of what he means to you» Bryan answered, looking down.
« Tell you what ? » Dean replied, glancing at Jack, that was sleeping under the table and hadn’t moved an inch to greet them.
" Go prepare your stuff or you’ll be late ". He pinched the bridge of his nose in an exhausted gesture.
He had put on his pants and was bare-chested and barefoot. He was staring at his feet, unable to cross eyes with Castiel, even his reflection in the mirror.
"You're asking me to choose between my family and ... you? ", stumbling over the words.
" Since Zeke " his son replied with a mocking smile.
"You realize what you just said there! "Dean retorts, visibly hurt by Castiel's words.
« Jerk ! » she had lost her appetite.
Bobby smiled... 2 out of 3.... But the hardest was yet to come....
For the first time, Dean saw a dark sparkle in his eyes and thought « not him… not that »
"Cass? "
« This is pure madness... » he leaned, resting his forehead in the palm of his hand, still turning the bottle with the other one.
He didn’t fit in this house.
« Memories ? » he ventured to ask, avoiding eye contact.
« Lisa... I really don’t want to discuss this right now… Besides, I’ve got a headache» he softly rubbed his temple with the tips of his fingers.
« Jo...Get to the bottom of it» his voice was very low, hiding a growing anger.
« Nothing… Never mind... It’s just that this period of the year reminds me of bad memories and ... »
« Yes, I do » his embrace got even stronger.
« Yesterday was our one-month anniversary... He offered me this painting for the occasion.
« Why ? »
The sun was slowly setting down.
« Why ? » she asked, resting her forearms on the table and looking at him in the eyes.
« I wanna do it with you… Jo… she doesn’t cook very well » Jewel pouted.
Dean stopped when he reached the door and turned around.
"Sometimes I think that ..." he was looking down
« Listen, Dean… Halloween is in two days... I still need to find a suitable costume, and so do you, and hopefully not a silly one, this time » he tried to smile. « We’ll talk about it later, ‘cause right now, I… I don’t feel like discussing this» his voice was hoarse, even a bit more than usual.
Before leaving the room, he felt he had to regain some confidence and turned to Castiel...
" Forget it. It’s OK" he stood up and walk to him.
Castiel watched the scene with tenderness and Dean, with amazement.
« You know what ? I’m going to bed. You should go home. We’ll call each other tomorrow, ‘cause right now, I’m exhausted and I don’t understand where you’re getting at... And I don’t even understand how we started this conversation in the first place».
« Do you love the guy or not ? » she pulled up a chair.
They all kissed each other and wished each other all the best... Bobby fetched a bottle of cider so that the children could celebrate with them. Dean didn’t join them, he had had enough of Champaign and red wine already.
« Hello Chad... Is your father home ? » she asked, smiling at him.
« May I suggest these superb Kentucky boots ? » he said, pointing at a pair of brown boots.
« He’s not gone, Chad… He’s still here. He’s just a little lost but we’re there for him. We’re gonna help him » Dean said, gently pushing away his son to look at him.
« This dog loves me. He is the only living being whose tongue makes me regret I’m only just a man.»
« And you are as stupid as this Dean of yours »
« I admit you’re doing pretty good» Dean concluded, looking at his children.
Dean had never really liked this period of the year that much and if not for the children, Christmas would have been an ordinary day.
« This guy is a total jerk » she finally said, as Castiel didn’t seem ready to speak.
Dean and Castiel got out of the pool : the children were observing a reckless frog on the edge of the pool.
He had loved it and above all he knew he wouldn’t be able to be deprived of this man’s body, the smell of his skin, the smell of Cass...
For the first time in weeks, there were laughters in the house. Even Castiel couldn’t resist smiling at his lover’s ramblings.
« Zeke ! » Castiel peeked at the stairs. « That’s enough » He frowned. « You need to calm down and go home now. We’ll talk about it when your head’s clear. »
« Bye, Castiel… See you tomorrow. »
To find love and not make the same mistakes he had…
« I’ll buy a camera, this is gonna be so much fun. » he went on.
They ate in silence... And resumed their walk 20 minutes later.
« Is it about the job ? »
Both children turned to their father.
"But if you think I'm going to deal with the museum chapter alone, you’re sorely mistaken... You’ll come with us ... I don’t see myself answering their questions all at once "
“Listen, Cas… We have to figure it out… It’s impossible like that… I can’t do it.”
" We've never invited him to stay either," Sam adds, spinning his cup in his hands.
Despite his fear, he put his horse into a gallop. The horse complied immediately.
He looked at his mother and she looked back at him. He smiled with tenderness: for a moment, something special occurred.
« Your hat ? »
Dean choked and laughed.
« And you’ve been waiting all this time to tell us? » Balty stated, grabbing the jar of jam. «What were you waiting for? Till the cows come home ? »
« Aren’t you coming up? »
« Yeah… I know » he said with a vexed look.
« But Dad, it’s easier than to use the … »
He took her in his arms and held her tight for a long while, with his chin resting on her head, so small and yet so strong.
" Already ? " the little one whined.
« Because of me ? »
Such human gestures, Dean's heart stumbles.
"You're not alone... I'm here, Cass," he says in a soft and reassuring voice. "We're here,", pointing the door.
He still believes it was the right thing to do. Dean seems to perk up again. Even though now none of his friends or conquests come here anymore.
Castiel laughed as he pulled his mobile from his pocket. They exchanged their numbers and promised to meet again.
And as each year since she had learned to speak, Jewel was asking a thousand questions to her brother, apparently unable to catch the difference between the hero from the past and the one from the present. Chadwick patiently explained her that the angel Clarence wanted to show what the hero’s life would be, had he chosen a different path.
Vin saluted Dean who saluted him back absent-mindedly, already focused on his interlocutor.
Friends drift apart, lose sight of each other a little. Dean is so get into the rut of his brand new happiness that he doesn't see Castiel getting more and more lost in his dark thoughts every day.
« Nothin’ » she said with a fond expression in her eyes.
« Lisa ? » Dean raised his head from a bowl containing eggs. He looked surprised.
He was sitting there, with his hands joined on the table, totally lost. He didn’t even have the strength to cry or shout… His heart was numb.
“Hello, Dean.”
« That’s the problem » he looked rather put out.
Castiel couldn’t help but feeling happy for Dean. If Dean was happy, he would be too.
He looked at his watch and had the most craziest idea.
« What the hell happened ? » Dean was begging for an answer. « Nobody told me anything. I’ve been cooling my heels and nobody would tell me squat ». Dean sounded really pissed and useless.
«Sit down and take some time to think.... try to imagine your life without him »
He typed on his phone keyboard.
« I know what you’re thinking of, but don’t worry... » Balty laughed « Sodomy – which I love, I confess, isn’t the most frequent practice between men, no matter what most people think, but it sure is a lot more intense than between our lesbian sisters. We can do anything. Oral sex, masturbation, active or passive penetration, sometimes both at once… Quite an array of techniques. And don’t forget a simple caress that can send you to Heaven» there was a salacious smile on his lips.
« What’s the matter, Sweetie ? » he tenderly pulled her away and looked at her a bit worried.
« Thanks » he said, with so much tenderness in his eyes, unable to hide how he was feeling.
Dean joined him, leaving the children under Garth’s supervision. Mark was smoking in the vicinity.
Castiel was sitting in the kitchen, staring at his coffee mug. Dean had let him brew in his own juice for three weeks ; the children was speaking of nothing else than that dog which had become an obsession.
« How much for these? »
« Thank you » Castiel took a sip of his beer, leaning on his leg crossed on the other.
“Dean?” Sam said in surprise.
Jo had chosen to live with him; she was five years younger than Dean. After a few fights, they rapidly became inseparable and were indeed considering themselves as full blood brother and sister.
Nevertheless, he couldn’t oblige his father to sacrifice his life for them. He was already giving so much… Everything in fact.
« Don’t worry... Just a little tired… I’m fine »
That very evening, Dean had allowed himself to be approached by a woman with advantageous forms. Castiel had said nothing, he had just sat on this stoop.
Balty continued goofing around… in pyjama pants.
« I care about you a lot too, Dean... More than you can imagine »
“Yes, already,” Dean replied in a more serious tone than he had intended.
« Will I see Sally’s baby? »
" Give me another chance, I’m begging you " he simply whispered.
Dean was waiting in the parking lot with Chadwick ... Obviously they were in a genuine father-and-son conversation.
Here we are at last
Bryan raised an eyebrow.
« Balty! » Castiel shouted, blushing.
« Why do you mean? »
Castiel gave a shy smile.
« It’s been quite a while, huh ?» Dean finally said. « We missed you, you know » Dean showed a genuine happiness to see him again.
Today, a new challenge had come up. How to tell the news to the people around them ? How would his family, friends, neighbors react? How would they all look at him when he’d show his love for that man openly ?
« Dunno » the girl said, shrugging her shoulders and pouring cereals in her bowl. The words had come out naturally... as if the association of both was natural in some implacable child logic...Daddy without Castiel is sad...It’s as simple as that.
« Come here» Castiel put down his spoon and smiled at him with lots of tenderness.
« Who … » he felt trapped.
« DEAN... I heard you »
« We’ll be right there »
Dean poured a second one and grabbed the leash... He drank his second shot and left the glass in the hall table.
"Go back to your friends, kid," he says, taking John with him as he jabbered inaudible words. "They're waiting for you to open them," pointing the coffee table in the living room full of presents.
Cassie who spends those Sundays at Dean's house while Castiel is forced to spend his between cold family reunion. Jealousy eats up, but he remains impassive.
They were all very quiet during supper. Nobody spoke more than a few words. Jewel was the only one to put her fork down from time to time to narrate an argument with a classmate about some drawing. No one was listening. No one really understood where she was getting at anyway.
« Thanks » he went on, smiling at him. « Holy cow… That was something » Dean said as he grabbed Wink’s reins. « And you, my friend,” he said addressing his mount, “ we have a few things to work out. And you’d better listen carefully, of you’ll end up as a « steak au poivre ».
Dean extended the arm in Castiel’s direction so that the latter could admire the gift.
« You sure look classy.» Dean whistled, his arm leaning on his knee, holding a slice of three-cheese pizza in his hand.
« That’s disgusting ! Holy shit, it’s Cass !! And I’m straight» he was trying to convince himself, swallowing gulps of beer one after another.
« This means a big yes » he answered with a wide smile.
« A budget » Dean corrected. « OK… take it »
Castiel frowns again.
We drove a few more miles. The next day, we would reach the neighboring town where Sam was waiting for us.
« Piss off ! » Castiel screamed. He slipped, got up at once and barely avoided Dean reaching for his coat.
« He’s out dealing with a breakdown… The engines and batteries are suffering a lot in this cold »
« I think I felt the same way about Vin»
Surprised by the violence of the other’s reaction, Dean fell back on his butt, his face frozen by Castiel’s sudden burst of anger.
"You saw !" Castiels stands up, with naive pride. "I succeed to tie my tie" , with that so unique smile.
« Don’t you dare, Deanie! Don’t do that to him» Balty said in a loud desperate tone.
« Hello Sweetie » he said while glancing at Dear as the latter got the suitcases out of the trunk.
“Come" pulling on his hand.
Dean refused to look up, though, feeling ashamed, embarrassed, and most of all scared... He was afraid of the judgment, the end, an end to their relationship.
Dean was bouncing on his saddle, dangerously swaying from side to side, in a light gallop... He tried to pull the reins in an attempt to stop the horse… desperately shouting Hoooo... and Stoooop....but Wink was acting its own way.
« I call this Zeke » Balty was all smiles.
Dean nodded and watched them leave the kitchen with Apache on their heels.
“Hey guys, if it was yucky, I would have told you... You eye the waiter greedily, that’s right, but you pay for the dish.”
"It has everything to do with it, Dean ... she never approved the way we live ... When I saw Chadwick’s reaction ... When ... When I saw Jewel’s reaction... I thought that maybe I was not the right person nor at the right place ".
« Betraying me ? » Castiel asked, his voice very low.
« I’m the most spoiled daddy in the world » He pulled his son towards him and gave him a kiss. « Thank you… I love you, Son. »
« I left the car unlocked »
He wiped his hands on the towel and abandoned the chicken and marinade.
« I’m gonna prepare supper » Dean announced, heading for the kitchen, with Apache on his heels.
Balty saw Castiel’s chin tense up yet the latter remained silent. Balty knew that he would probably collapse, should Dean address him directly.
Castiel wasn’t thrilled about the idea, but he agreed nonetheless. He didn’t want to stay at home.
« I’ve always had animals, but you know this already. Besides, you know Jack » Bobby answered with a suspicious look.
« Are you sure you’re ok ? You’re acting kinda weird since you’re back »
« There. That should do it » he said, a bit skeptical… It didn’t exactly look like the picture in the book.
« No way ! » Dean snapped back, standing up. « I hate this. It’s full of bugs and the only time I have been on a camping trip, there were thunderstorms and organized mosquitoes raids. THERE IS NO WAY I AM GOING THROUGH THIS AGAIN !»
Castiel’s only lover was Balty.
« I’m fine » he replied as he leaned on Dean’s arm for a brief moment.
Dean had been working at Bobby’s for nearly two years... A small restaurant with its regular customers and its routine... He does some extra work there on the evening to supplement his income... He earned his life quite fairly as a mechanic but it wasn’t enough to raise his brother the way he wanted to.
" Dean " Castiel stepped back, feeling hurt.
« Do I have a choice ? Anyway, working helps me not to think too much»
« He deserves to be happy »
« I know that, Cass. That’s why I want you to take care of my kids if anything happens to me.»
Dean came back in the room and saw Jewel sitting on a chair that seemed too big for her, swinging her feet and narrating their last game of Twister to Castiel.
He looked at his reflection in the mirror when he heard a gentle knock on the door.
« I’m not hungry… I...»
« Speak for yourself. I can’t imagine the nightmare he has been through, living besides the love of his life. Because this is what we’re talking about, Dean. I hope you understand this. »
Castiel, for his part, hasn't moved, but he laughs and enjoys watching them squabble. He's been laughing more and more since he met the Winchesters. Everything's so different here. Everything is so far from his rigid world.
" And ? "the man tapped his nose.
Dean jumped on his feet.
« The last two years were a real nightmare… We were fighting all the time about everything »
« Hello, I’m Bobby.... The Miss’s uncle » the old man said in turn.
He then took his own pants off. Both were now wearing their boxer barely hiding their desire... Dean stared at the ceiling, he wanted to wake up from this moment, and run away… His whole universe was collapsing. He knew that crossing that limit meant nothing would ever be the same.
« Sorry, man » he stood up.
He put his trench coat back in place, smiling sadly as he searched for that damn tie which wasn’t in sight and he missed it.
Castiel rises slowly. He puts his clothes back in order to try to regain his composure before leaning towards Benny, hand outstretched. The grip is painful on the injured phalanges, but all that matters to Castiel at this moment is the forgiveness that this gesture implies.
Wink was galloping ahead of him.
« Hi » he greeted Zeke. They exchanged a smile.
« That’s the least you can say » he rubbed the back of his head.
« What do you mean ? » Castiel’s voice was a little sad.
« Sorry » Balty started to laugh. « Dean » he regained his composure and faced him. « Deanie » he forced him to look at him. « Do you know what the most erotic thing is to turn each other on between two guys who are in love ? »
« Pneumothorax.» the doctor repeted. « He also suffers from a slight concussion and several hematoma on his back. If they had hit a few more blows, his condition could’ve been a lot more serious.» He went on.
Jewel had been lost in admiration at her… until that particular day…
His tent resembled a swimming pool, but the dog seemed so panicked that Castiel was reluctant to scold him. He petted him instead, took his sleeping bag out to dry in the sun.
Chadwick came closer to his father who took him in his arms. He was aware of what his son was going through. He had been kept awake most of the night in corridor B because of similar memories.
« Don’t bother… We’ll take care of that tomorrow morning »
« Bullshit ! Have you read the title of this one: « Impressions at sunset »? »
" Yes, Dean... That's the crux of the problem and I strongly advice you to care of that if you don't want me to do it myself."
“What are you mad at him for this time? What’d he do?”
Ten minutes later, the person they had been waiting for long finally showed up, making quite an entrance, to say the least.
« I don’t see why not ; what about you, kids ? »
"You're welcome", pointing the chair formerly occupied by Sam.
Garth glanced at Dean and Castiel.
“Death on you, I see.” Her voice was gravely and distant.
They heard Balty’s voice, narrating his latest mishaps and how he ended up half-naked in a hotel corridor, in front of his lover’s bedroom, dressed with nothing but a black G-string and a riding crop.
Castiel picked up the bucket and they all ran to the next house.
"I don't know, but i'm going to find out.... I'd put my hand up and say it's because of his bitch of a mother. "
« And what ? » he turned to face her.
Finally free to be loved...Free to be able to love...
Dean and his insomnia...
« Watch out, Jewel » Her father warned her about the drain. He was happy the nurse had come to change the bottle, a bit earlier, so the children wouldn’t see the blood.
Rock-paper-scissors.
The expression on Castiel’s face was so blank that Balty didn’t feel like adding anything else. He looked down at his coffee cup.
He got up, leaning his hands on his knees.
« Balty was right, you really are an outstanding rider »
It all came back to him like a slap in the face.
« Whatever, it smells good » Jo finally said, putting it back on the table.
Dean had prepared the meal and had been waiting for half an hour now. As usual, Balty was late. He stroke Apache’s head and sighed.
He asked himself to what extent he was lying to himself, but swiftly brushed the idea away. He couldn’t be in love with a man… even if…
« As I explained to her, the show is reserved for family members only. I’m sorry but we don’t have enough space to let everyone in. If I make an exception for you, I will have to make it for anyone else and it’s just not possible. I’m really sorry» she added with pinched lips.
« Me and Cass, we’re good... Don’t worry… We’ve been through worse » he added with a sad smile. « We’re a family and nothing, nobody will ever tear us apart »
She nodded vigorously.
« Dean  »
" Excuse me ? " Dean replies, raising a dubious eyebrow.
« They want a dog, I said no but it seems my opinion is worth squat around here. So ?»
« I’ve asked myself many times how I would react if one of the kids told me one day they were … gay »
There was a tender smile on Jo’s face.
« Wrong. I adore him…slightly different. He’s a part of me, you know. I just can’t leave him like that »
"Cass," in a dull voice.
He let Castiel sweep him away and started to really enjoy it, moaning with pleasure, deliciously intoxicated by Castiel’s taste.
He tugged at Castiel’s sleeve and pulled him closer.
« Yes, Dean »
"Julia? " calls a woman..
Once the children had overcome their initial apprehension, they found it all easy as pie. It was a different story for Dean. Wink was the affectionate kind all right but, obviously, it was acting its own way.
« Gimme a break... I’d love to see how gifted you’d be with a monkey wrench in your hand! »
« I’ll take care of it » Dean answered, giving him a kiss in turn, a long one, with a hand on his cheek. « Good night, Cass »
« Pleasure »
« I think all this is over for me now» he smiled for himself, leaning on the sink.
« Oh » He seemed genuinely surprised.
" Really? " Dean was still a bit worried.
She had invited him after Chadwick’s birth… They had known each other for ages but had lost touch over time… He had moved to New York with his boyfriend at the time.
« So what ?» Dean repeated, his voice getting louder, as he almost threw the piece of bread in Balty’s plate. « I can’t do it » he finished, throwing the pan in the sink. « I can’t do it » he whispered, running his hand through his hair.
« I’ll promise I’ll wear ‘em all the time » he said in a begging tone .
« You’re completely out of your mind» he claimed, about to laugh.
Castiel has plastered that smile that he has only for him. Whoever clears the wounds, forgives and repairs.
« He said that he… that he loved me... I was blown away »
Castiel looks up. Several of the students stared at him, petrified by the spectacle. When Castiel meets the chief supervisor's eyes, Benny's words take on their full meaning.
He gently guided her wrist over the pastry.
Meanwhile, Chadwick had moved to the other side of the fence and stroked the neck of his horse under Mark’s cautious eye .
« I told him I couldn’t love him in return. That this kiss was a mistake. He didn’t say anything. Only that he would never leave us. That he couldn’t live without us, without me »
« Give yourself some time. I’ve got all the time in the world.. I’ve got you » Castiel finally answered.
“Ah?” Dean leant against the post on which the phone was hung.
« Poor Bobby» he tried not to laugh. « Does he know? » he asked.
“Dammit, Ellen! You’re not making things easy for me.”
« What are you cooking ? » he asked, eventually looking up at Castiel.
What had Chadwick really meant?
« So much the better, because I’d have been pissed not to be able to make it up to you » he patted him on the shoulder.
Dean and Castiel were sitting next to each other with a bowl of popcorn between them, as an invisible barrier to protect their respective personal space, whether they were aware of it or not.
« Never mind » the boy headed for the kitchen.
« Lisa »
« Right… now that you’re ready, perhaps we can go down for supper...» Dean seemed to be starving.
« Pardon ? » he looked at the doctor with even more disbelief in his eyes.
« Man, you should see your face » he said again.
« Are you OK with this? » he pointed to the kitchen.
« It was Dad ? » Jewel asked as she stared at Castiel who was staring at his phone.
Castiel started to peel the apples and cut them in thin slices. It took him quite a while to get to the end of it… he missed several pits and bits of peel here and here.
That night, he broke the rule... He left much earlier...
“No, it’s ok. I don’t mind... I mourned for him, but he’ll remain unique to me.”
" Yeah… why d’you ask ? "
« Don’t you worry, Mister, my kids hardly remain silent for more than an hour »
« Tadaaa » he was all smiles.
« Don’t » he started to collect the snow. Chadwick helped.
« Have you seen him? »
« If you get sick, my friend, don’t come to me… Auntie Jo will be more than happy to get you to the first available vet in the area »
« It crossed my mind… C’mon, we need to get some sleep or we won’t be fit for duty tomorrow » he let his empty bottle on the coffee table.
« He found it ... interesting »
« I know » he emptied his glass.
Castiel's away for the first two days to met his brother, Gabriel back home for administrative purposes. Some formalities and Gabriel will return to the South of France, his new home.
The next day was dedicated to hiking - and this time, Dean decided to get involved - chicken skewers, hide-and-seek games to please Jewel. These eventually ended up in a fight as the dog kept on betraying them all. There was some groaning and laughing. They ended up on the ground, rolling over and biting the dust.
Before he could say another word, Castiel had left the room.
He looked at her but didn’t answer.
On the left, Castiel was holding Jewel in his arms and the little girl couldn’t help but commenting each and every scene with enthusiasm.
« I’m not » he filled his mouth.
He turned to Balty
« Dammit, Cass… You know I hate it when you do that! » he said, straightening his back.
That same light that started flickering when Castiel ended in a hospital bed.
Dean smiled: his kids always needed Castiel’s approval even if they always asked their father first.
He remained stiff on his saddle, not knowing what to do.
Chadwick was pointing at trendy shops ... They went on in a noisy atmosphere, a mixture of very loud background music and endless hubbub.
« Cass » he heaved a long sigh.
Just you and me, on this road, the music blaring because after a few miles of intoxicating silence, I felt queasy without really knowing why ...
« Never mind » Dean resumed the chicken preparation.
« Are you playing a rehearsal of The Young and The Restless? » he teased her.
Dean stepped aside and showed Vin to the living room. Bobby and Jo followed them.
"Come on! We've got a lot to talk about," Dean says pulling Castiel upstairs.
« Oh yeah ? » he looked a bit perplexed.
« What’s the matter, Dean? » Lisa sat back and turned her chair to face him.
"It was a nice little exhibition" Dean started.
" Come here " he said, tapping on the space next to him. Castiel hesitated for a second and moved closer.
Dean emptied his bottle, speechless.
Castiel’s eyes were filled with tears.
"What are you waiting for... Go ahead,", Benny says. "Anyway, it's too late. ", grinning a sad smile.
« Dean... Shall I remind you that you were to one kissing him in the first place? »
« I take it that you liked my surprise » he said, rubbing the back of his neck.
« There won’t be a next time, I’ll kill myself before » he waved goodbye and closed the door.
« OK »
Barefoot, haggard face on account of a short night, all he was dreaming of was a mug of coffee.
Castiel silenced him with another kiss.
« I know what you mean, but I’ve learned to live with it for the last ten years » he pulled him closer and kissed him tenderly.
« After all, you’ve got Lisa. » he said bitterly « One day, she’ll fill the whole space in your life »
"It's mom ... I must go or i'm going to be scolded ... Thank you. "
Mark approached ... Chad leaned forward to caress the horse’s forehead...
He took a knife and started to make the cracks while reading the book image.
« Don’t you recognize the taste? » The man folded his arms.
« Shit! » he said, raising his hand to his forehead.
John tries to pat him on the shoulder but, too drunk, he loses his balance and almost takes his son down with him.
" I’d love that " Castiel smiled.
« What are you talking about? Of course not. As a matter of fact, I’ll die when I’m old and grouchy. But not now. »
Meg rolled her eyes in exasperation. Lisa, his famous unicorn, was not stupid.
« I went to the « Meeting » he finally confessed after a few seconds.
« Nice to meet you» he said, extending a hand.
« It’s about jealousy and murder »
He pushed the door and greeted Jerry, the owner, with a smile... It was crowded. He glanced around for Gaby and spotted him at a table on the left, half hidden by the party wall that divided the room in two.
They had dinned, conversed, and laughed a lot as well… And once he had left them, late that night, she had told Dean that Castiel was gay.
He was absorbed in the meal preparation when he heard the door open. Then he heard Jewel and Chadwick greet him as he walked in the kitchen.
"Here " He handed them to Castiel.
« I’d love a strawberry milkshake »
« I’m pretty sure he’ll be amazed too when I tell him you’ve found your Prince Charming »
Tessa had just hoped that her best friend and husband would get along and that was exactly how it turned out…
« Exactly, but in small doses… Bryan refuses to host more than 10 guests at a time… The ranch has proposed horseback tourism for the last four years… It regularly happens we welcome the same clients every year… At first, we weren’t very excited about this idea. But this ranch has been a family business for so many years that we couldn’t let it disappear… Besides, I have to admit I like it » he was smiling. « Bryan is somewhat not as fond of this as I am.... Therefore, I’m the one taking care of this part of the ranch » he drank the rest of his beer.
« I’m right here, don’t worry. Sleep now. »
Hope at each sunrise, at each of its sunsets.
" Cass darling ... Come here, I’d like to introduce you to our host"
« Would you two like to be alone ? » Balty finally said.
He could have sworn Castiel was blushing.
Because his latest dreams had turned a lot more explicit, waking him up with his hand on his cock, muffling a scream, fantasizing on blue eyes and slightly cracked lips.
What his father would have thought if he had known his older was bisexual ? What his reaction would have been if he had known he liked to be bottom ? Free at last to let himself be loved and desired. Letting go of the reins for a few minutes or a few hours to live this sweet utopia of being a man and not just a soldier.
Dean doesnt't say a word and for Sam, it's the equivalent of a confession.
"I'm just afraid that the fact that we live under the same roof will eventually hurt you ... Personally, it doesn’t bother me, you know ... But since the episode with the dance teacher…”
« I’m telling you : he doesn’t love her » he stood up, unable to conceal his irritation.
« You mean… I just committed to sleep out in the open ? »
« Let’s pay in turn : we’ll do the accounts when we’re back home. »
" Pa' ? " he finally tried to call, worried by the long silence.
« Not as much as I love them » Castiel said as he resumed his walk.
He woke up on the couch, half-naked, snuggled up against his lover’s torso. He ran his hand through Bryan’s short hair , held him tighter and inhaled his smell. He turned his head and looked at the mantelpiece. He thought of Castiel. He suddenly felt a twinge of sorrow as he thought of all the moments they had spent together... Confessing what he felt for Bryan put an end to this strange relationship he had had with Castiel and it hurt. He missed Castiel’s body, his smell, the taste of his skin… His voice, his ocean-blue eyes… But he had finally made a choice. It was time for him to settle down.
Not so ordinary anymore.
Castiel stroked Cheyenne for a while then he untied the reins and grabbed the saddle pommel. Dean’s eyes widened when he saw him saddle up as the cow boys he admired in old movies.
« That too » Garth smiled.
He looked at Apache running in the park and sighed.
It was the only day he barely saw Castiel…
« Let’s go to the kitchen, I’ll see what I can do to get you out of trouble. Please follow me, Mister …?. » Castiel invited Zeke to follow him.
End of chapter XII
« And of course, all you can do is laugh about it »
Elyrian and I hope that you will find the quality of this translation acceptable.
So he decided to put Lisa on his right, between him and Castiel.. No way he would change their habits… A place for each. Lisa would have her own, should she eventually stay for good.
" Pa' ? " his son was trying to start a conversation again.
« How are you holding up? »
« Go for it, Dad! » Jewel encouraged her father when he started to chase Castiel around.
« Sorry… Couldn’t resist »
« For real ? Did you bake a pie for me ? »
A waltz according to time, disappearances and returns ...
“Screw him… He’s not the roasting under 50 degrees.”
“Indeed... Above all when it’s with a guy,” Dean replied, twiddling his fingers nervously.
He looked away when he realized Castiel was looking at him too.
« Give it to me. »
Castiel had put the pie in the oven, lowering the temperature at 375°F and programmed a duration of about 30 minutes.
He was his lover, his friend, an adventurous companion but they were not in love…
« Yes please, thank you » Zeke nervously rubbed his hands on his pants.
« Wow Cass, you’re awesome» He started to laugh, winking at his daughter who was delighted to see them share a happy moment together, as if nothing had happened.
Dean suddenly seemed so tired. He played with his cup while Balty was swallowing his fifth toast.
« Stay here and take off that mortician jacket! »
« Just you wait… I’ll show you what I can teach » Dean replied, sharing a more profound kiss.
Since his mother died, Dean doesn't like unauthorized invasion of his personal space.
He had discovered Muse by chance, one day he read the lyrics of one of their songs, with the sound of one acoustic guitar, one voice and the impression it was about him in particular.
Castiel remained still for a moment. Jo walked towards him and hugged him. But it didn’t make him feel more comfortable.
Dean was leaning against the counter, looking down.
« What now ? » Castiel started to look away from the snow man.
« Great » she was all smiles when she looked through the window.
« So long » she sighed.
He started to laugh in silence, wondering who he was trying to convince with all that crap.
Love at first sight... You can’t explain it... You experience it...
« A Christmas tree ! » Jewel jumped for joy.
"What the hell are you doing here? I don't think I asked you ? "
« Oh Dad, please say yes… Please… pretty please » Chadwick was begging. « We haven’t had a break since… since Mom’s gone » he went on, lowering his voice.
If Jewel didn’t understand at once what the word « surrogate guardian » meant, Chadwick got it right away.
“I don’t think you’ll have to wait until the bunker.” He crumbled to the floor, face down.
« I take it that you didn’t hate it, otherwise you would have told me at once»
End of the chapter
" He's talking, right, talk to the hand." Dean muttered.
« It seems my presence is inappropriate to the dance festival next Sunday » Castiel said bluntly as he opened the fridge.
It started to snow and Chadwick was keeping an eye on the outside.
« No thanks. I’m dead tired.. I‘ve got a busy day tomorrow. I really need to sleep» Castiel replied with a smile on his face.
Chadwick climbed on the fence, his face lightened up, bright eyes. Yet he had a knot in his stomach.
« There’s nothing to think about!... I’ll deal with Castiel and convince him to come »
The rolling shutter would be closed for the next two weeks...
He thought about the first years, the first encounter, the first laughters, the first tears as well.
« I hope you’re enjoying yourselves » Garth smiled at Dean and Castiel and handed them the beers.
They remained in each other’s embrace for a while and the children exchange a look of complicity, the dog sitting at their feet.
“You hid your heart from him… Obscured… Why?”
" No " he smiled. " I asked Jo to take care of the children....I... do you think it’s stupid ? Too chick lit" he felt clumsy.
A hand staying on a shoulder. A knowing smile, catch's eyes and merge.
Dean didn’t say a word, no emotion on his face. He turned to Castiel who had a hard time remaining serious.
« What ? » Dean wasn’t sure he heard it right.
"Oh, cut it out, don’t you dare…" Dean muttered.
Dean opened the door ; he was barefoot, dressed in pj pants and an old Metallica t-shirt, his hair still wet...
Dean couldn’t take his eyes off his face. He observed him for a while, thinking of a million things. Suddenly Castiel muttered in his sleep. Dean snapped out of it.
« Wow, sweetie, what’s the matter? » he asked as he kneeled down in front of her.
« Dean finally found his match, who’d have thought ? So, does the lucky lady have a name ?» she asked, washing her hands in turn.
« Sit down, you idiot » she said in a gentle tone. « Does he have a name? »
« What ? » he turned around.
« Did you sleep with her ? » Jewel asked with a sweet innocent voice. « As on TV? »
« Are you… » she didn’t say it all, feeling embarrassed.
« Is he sick? » she asked, looking at her father with panicked eyes.
He’d repeat himself over and over again, until his brain was about to explode, that this kiss wasn’t a real one, that Castiel was a man, his best friend, that he could never cross that limit.
« Babe » he finally said, doing his best to hold back the tears.
« You too, traitor? Why not, get on with it! »
« I’ll go and blow the pumpkin candle » Chadwick disappeared for a moment with Apache on his trail.
He told him about the previous night and saw Dean was relieved to hear about a certain thing...
« Me and Castiel ?» Dean said, suddenly feeling very uncomfortable.
He took a deep breath...That’s why he hated this season’s holidays. All he could do was wondering about the choices he had made, as if he had spent the previous month analyzing the last year of his life.
But that were moments of closeness, laughter, sharing, and little bits of happiness from day to day life…
He took a deep breath and tried to swallow the lump in his throat, the one he had felt since that blasted phone call.
Later that day, Balty sat next to Castiel on the couch, in his apartment.
Castiel started to laugh although his laughter was lacking of joy.
"Yeah, I listened to you...I couldn't have done otherwise, you don't stop yelling," he shouts back.
" One month, Cass " the other one insisted, with sparkling eyes.
« Yes ? » he looked down at his legs.
Dean pulled his hat on his forehead with an angry look. He soared and let his horse do as it pleased, barely indicating when to turn...
« On the contrary, I’m gonna raise them from perdition » Bobby started to laugh.
« Don’t say anything. And Dean, do me a favor… tell him »
« Why not ? »
« I’m all ears » she said, sharing a brief smile with Inias. « I’ll have a club sandwich and a coffee ... And on top of that, a Mikado pancake » she closed the menu.
As soon as he closes the door, his mother restart the car, leaving him alone on the sidewalk. He watches her walk away, his schoolbag in his hand.
« I’m gonna take a shower » Dean finally said, heading to the stairs.
The reaction is not long in coming. Years of frustration, anger and pain burst into an animal howl.
For his family. This precious family: Chadwick, Jewel, Jo, Bobby and even Balty. But especially Castiel…
"Leave it to me, boys," as he lifts him into his arms. " Dean, call Dr. Mills,tell her it's an emergency. "
At the bottom of this one, Mary's silver ring. The one that John had given so awkwardly for Dean's last birthday. Damaged by a car fire in a tree.
"And then I told myself that it was about our life, our choices ... You're an element of this family balance, Cass ... Words like those we heard earlier aren’t the first and won’t be the last we hear... It bothered you today because you think about the impact on the children, I can understand that, but you should to talk to them first ... you’d be surprised by their reactions ... You are a full part of their lives, Cass ..."
Jo gave him a few more minutes, so that he could regain his composure.
"Don't do that again... I'm not in the mood, 'warning you," Dean threatens him.
That pain down deep inside his soul was burning like hell. He was scared to lose him and it was killing him.
« Him and the kids ...but don’t feel obliged to accept »
“I’ll be back.” He left the room.
« Coooool ! » she claimed with sparkling eyes.
« Get this, I’ve got a huge surprise for you, guys»
Dean looked at her, his eyes full of doubts.
He extended a hand to Dean who was the first to step out of the car.
"The kids adore you, they know who you are, what you are ... They are smart enough to make sense of things ... If adults are unable to do the same, they can go to hell ... But it’s out of the question that you feel you’re not at the right place because some narrow-minded moron assholes can’t see the great guy you actually are ... We don’t care that you're homosexual, Cass ... You understand that ... For us, you're just Castiel, a member of the family. Period. "
" What's about ? " Dean insists.
Dean stepped closer to them, keeping his phone stuck on his ear.
Dean and Sam laugh at their distorted reflections, making fun of each other, being again simple kids who are just enjoying the moment.
« Life’s too short to make compromises… I’d rather tell it as it is from the start, that way we avoid misunderstandings and unspoken words ruining human relationships and stack the deck »
She got from her aunt the Disney DVD box set and Chadwick got 2 tickets for the national swimming championship that would take place less than a day drive from their home. He had a hard time hiding how thrilled he was and Dean tried not to show how annoyed he was. He thought he would be easy to trade his place with Castiel. He loved his son but watching swimmers go back and forth during hours, sitting on a hard bench hurting his back, wasn’t his idea of fun.
« Stop whining and push... Think of John What’s-is-name »
« What tests ? »
« Castiel... Supper’s ready, you’re coming ? » Chadwick was smiling at him.
« Dean » Castiel’s voice was now begging.
Dean offers it to Castiel who takes the gift with a hesitant hand.
Castiel suddenly froze in astonishment.
« Blablabla…» he swallowed the last bit of his fish stick.
“Kept what? That fact that he’s always acted out of love… The fact that he had be completely human to be able to put words to what he was feeling… It was obvious to everyone how he felt about you and you knew it!” Dean said nothing, instead turning back to the house they were watching.
« Yes, we are colleagues. Why do you ask ?»
« Do you know what you’re gonna do at your mom’s, besides celebrating Christmas ? »
« The best…I wouldn’t trade it for all the tea in China. »
“Why? Have they been rude to you?” Brad was ready to go and tell them off.
Each one was the other one’s addiction...
« Nothing » the other one replied with tenderness.
Dean’s mobile started to vibrate in his pocket. Jo saw the sparkle in his eyes. She felt the movements in his body become feverish.
« Good. »
Garth led the way and Mark closed the line.
"Thank you," Dean replies, tears in his eyes, between anger and grief.
« Yes? »
« C’mon, sweetie, let’s go. Let’s not keep Chadwick waiting for too long. »
« More… more »
He parked the Impala, stepped out, slowly yet surely making his way towards the back of the car… He opened the trunk, face blank, devoid of all emotion and pulled out a shovel… He stared at the headstone a few meters to his right… The muscles in his face tensing. He raised his eyes to the sky, the sun was at its peak, maybe he should wait but that’s what he’d always done and looks where that had gotten him. He didn’t have choice, no choice to be had really, he had to know…
« He is quite something » he said about Balty. « If he didn’t exist, we’d have to invent him. » sitting on the couch armrest.
Yet, Dean had prevailed all these years.
« I’m sorry »
John amuses himself by thinking that his son is talking about one of his conquests and stands back, giving his son time to finish his call.
Castiel never went home with them after school again, his mother made sure that someone came to pick him up after school every single day.
« I think this is mashed carrots and broccolis»
His son didn’t reply and went on searching in the files, Jo was watching over his shoulder. Jewel got hooked up by the explanations running on the TV screen.
« Hi »
« You’re married, remember ? »
“Everything’s always ok with my Sammy... It’s about you I’m worrying right now... You look knackered... You won’t be able to keep going much longer at that rate...”
« Thanks, at least I’ll try » He gave Apache a stroke and walked to the door.
Over time, Dean knows almost everything about him. The softness and the smell of his skin, the sound of his voice when he lets it go. Dean closes his eyes and gets lost in the memory of the immensity of this blue ocean which fixes him each time with this infinity devotion. He feels unworthy but he can no longer do without.
“Ah, Dean... You’re saving me... Get a move on... I have a gorgeous Mustang waiting for you, and guess what, if you repair it before tomorrow evening, we’ll get an extra bonus...”
« Cass ? » his own eyes were filled with unspoken questions.
« Dean » Castiel scolded.
She encouraged Bobby to spend the next week-end with them.
Sitting astride the bathroom chair, chin pressed against his forearms, he holds his breath and refuses to cross his friend's gaze in the mirror in front of them.
Then he opened the box. A plain silver nib was lying on a piece of cotton wool.
Chadwick had to make a presentation for the geography and history class. The theme imposed was: " Modern Art " ... A rather broad topic that didn’t inspire the boy at all; Chadwick tried to focus on his notebooks during the entire late afternoon.
« What ? » Dean said, amazed.
« Shut up, Dean » Castiel replied, throwing a handful of candies at him.
He paused for a moment and sighed.
Balty blocked the passage at the door.
« The dance festival. »
"Shut up," Dean mumbled backwards. "You're not allowed to throw stuff like that at me... You're not allowed," he says, crossing his hands on the back of his neck.
« You know what ? Next year, you can do it all by yourselves if you think you’re so smart » he stuck his fork in the green beans.
« About 10 minutes ... It’s right behind that small hill over there » he replied as he pointed to his right.
Maybe tomorrow
It's raining Cass.
« No, I’m happy… really happy. »
"You want a revenge? "Dean tossed.
« Dean... » Castiel gently pushed back. « Don’t you think it’s too soon ? Are you sure ?»
There was a knock at the door.
End of chapter
« No, Jewel... » his brother smiled at her.
His father blushed, which made Chadwick and Castiel burst out laughing.
Then there was a second one.
« Your dad promised to buy me a new one »
Dean took a full blow, the sled took off and started a dangerous lean to the right.
They laugh, again, insult the machine, put some more coins and lose, always.
Dean frowned and raised his eyes to heaven.
He was much more patient than Dean in that respect… He couldn’t quite remember how they had settled into such a strange weekly routine.
They looked at each other in silence, in an attempt to read the other one’s soul.
« Should anything happen to me, I want someone to take care of you. And I would like that someone to be Castiel. Do you understand what I mean, son? »
« Than... Thank you » Balty suddenly mumbled. He stood up, obviously moved by Dean’s words.
"What ? "
« Gotta go, I’m late» she stood up and struggled with her coat. She turned around and raised Castiel’s chin with her index finger. « You’ve never been a complete stranger to me. From the moment I saw those two magnificent blue ponds, I knew you were a good man. I don’t know if that guy will love you one day as you deserve, but I’m a hopeless optimistic. So, don’t give up hope: this kiss meant something for sure, Castiel. Give him some time to understand what he feels for you and what’s involved» she smiled with genuine tenderness.
The silences and unspoken words, the understatements and the smiles hidden in their written words, were leaving no doubts whatsoever. And if Castiel had opened up his heart, Dean started to cogitate again.
« Dammit Cass... Hold him tight » he shouted, a bit panicked, hopping on one foot, the other one stuck in the stirrup.
The expression on his face seemed to say : What am I eating ?
Castiel had folded his trench coat on his chair and was reading the menu absently.
« 2, Jewel »
« Dean » she stepped closer and raised his chin with a finger. « Answer the question »
Jewel was extremely excited about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He should have told him, but he knew that nothing would ever be the same if the words crossed his lips… Ever.
« I know, Dad. I love you too… I’m sorry... » He slowly moved away; the intimate contact made him feel uncomfortable. He was also feeling bad for hurting his father, yet he didn’t wanna lie to him. He just didn’t want Lisa be a member of the family.
« Look at me »
« No, Sweetie, not tonight» he said, walking towards the little girl who raised her eyes towards him.
« It’s beautiful, Chad, he’s gonna love it »
Castiel had lost his faith, at least the one his father had tried to teach him and, to a lesser extent, his mother’s… His faith was totally different.
« So… What do you want for breakfast? » Bobby asked as he stood up.
« It’s me. I wasn’t sure of myself. Even now I’m not sure of anything » he looked down.
« I’m gonna take him to my little favorite spot. »
« What is that supposed to mean ? That I’m too fat, is that it ? » he looked daggers at Dean.
" CASS " Dean ran towards him, almost tripping and finally let himself slide to Castiel, using his feet to control its speed.
There's something different about his friend's attitude. An unnatural coldness and cold disdain in the way he hold his head.
« And Greg agrees to work with a man like you ? » the man looked at Castiel with revulsion.
« Because of us? » Chadwick was trying to force eye contact with his father.
« Dean? »
« I don’t get it » his eyes widened.
Dean leaned forward and rested his head on his hands, his elbows resting on his knees. He was scared. More precisely, this whole situation was scaring the shit out of him. He let out a muffled giggle and nodded as he became aware.
Castiel smiled to Garth and took him in his arms.
« Don’t ask. I don’t wanna talk about it. » He said in a gentle yet firm tone.
"Thank you" with bright eyes and Dean feels his heart falling in his shoes.
Dean had rarely seen him so angry but it was normal after he had spent all evening teasing him.
« Go fuck yourself » Dean snapped back, turning around to face him.
He knew Balty well enough to know he wouldn’t beat around the bush ; that was actually the reason why he had called him in the first place.
" Don’t leave him, please" the boy set free.
« What about Cass ? How did he take it ? Because, for all I know, Balty and him have been living together for about 8 years»
« Okay, kids, if we get separated, the meeting point will be this huge… I got no word for it» he said without finishing his sentence, nodding his incomprehension.
By dint of seeking his father's attention, Dean has come to accept everything. Because his father stopped drinking for him. Because it was worth some concessions. Because he loved his father despite all his faults. Maybe too much.
Castiel was back. He heaved a long sigh.
« No... After my second cocktail » she started to laugh openly.
“See you soon, Dean.”
"How's he doing? ", Dean askes leaned over the sink so he didn't have to read into the old man's eyes.
"It can't end like this, Cass... Not after ten years... Best friend for life, remember? ", Dean's turning around and leaning against the door.
« Shit ! »
« Obliged ?...Are you kidding ? I’m dying to meet him, you’ve been talking about him for ages » she rubbed her hands in happy anticipation.
« So am I » Castiel smiled and closed the door on the big emptiness he left behind.
« I’ll have a beer? » Dean extended a hand.
Until the day Dean introduces them to Lisa Braeden. Meg exchanges a furtive glance with Benny before turning to Castiel. straight as a ramrod, hands perpetually stuck in the pockets of his trench-coat, no need to be a fortune-teller to guess the nature of the shadow in his face.
« Shit! Apache… Could you just settle for the garden, just this once? » He sighed, grabbing the leash.
Dean rubbed his neck, feeling both the shame of having raised his voice with the nurse and the stiffness after sitting on a chair for a whole night.
Minutes passed, Dean dozed off, his beer on his lap, under the tender gaze of Lisa.
After Tessa’s death, he had long thought all would come to a stop, but he’d been wrong, the proof was right there in front of him. It’d just taken him three years to realize it. She’d been right, destiny was always putting you back on the right track, you just had to accept it and acknowledge a helping hand.
« I don’t wanna hurt him »
« A real bitch, this one, but never let it said that a redneck piece of garbage will defeat me » he snapped back as he started to laugh.
« Neither will I » Castiel started to laugh.
« What about you, Chad? »
Dean only asked that he avoid divulging the details of his sexual life in front of the kids, even if they did understand the sort of relationship he had with Castiel… For them, it was simple and normal as could be, for Dean, an adult, there was much more to it than that and it could be rather complicated.
« What did you think ? Why do you think I was interested in you? »
« There you go » He claimed. « Now… » A wicked smiled stretched his lips « That being done,... » he bent to pick up a handful of snow.
It took Castiel coming to him with a suggestion of finding a house for all of them share, they could split the rent and expenses… His own apartment’s lease was coming to an end: so this way they could kill two birds with one stone.
Maybe Castiel wasn’t in love with him; he just clung to an impossible dream, a forbidden one.
« Go ahead, have fun » Dean pouted.
The end.
When they reached the paddock, the horses were ready, saddled, their reins attached to the fence. Pedro bowed hat at Garth and left.
" Do you believe this bullshit now ?"
« Mmm yeah... I just hope this one will be in a better shape than the one last year» he smiled at his daughter as Chadwick was pulling away from his embrace.
« He is bi… the only one I know who could help you out »
When the door's closed, Dean lets out his rage. He crushes his fist on the wall before sliding slowly on the floor, unable to hold his grief.
« That is what they call Love» Kate confirmed.
Dean in the meantime prepared dinner while laughing as the children asked questions out of left field and Castiel attempted yet awkwardly to answer them.
All the pain he had accumulated over the last few weeks, Dean’s dates outside, the smiles when he was on the phone, the very eloquent silences.
"I've... " Dean goes on, rubbing his face with both hands. "I have something to... Fuck... You have to know that ...", the voice breaking, the words stuck ...
He kissed Jewel goodbye and turned to Meg again.
« Good night, Dean » Castiel replied. He stood up and headed for his bedroom.
Dean walked to him, without a sound, afraid to scare him and ruin the magic of the moment. He finally pressed his chest against Castiel’s back and put his arms around him. Castiel startled and smiled.
I love you Cass .... I'm not telling you often enough but you should know that without you, I'm nothing because you're my everything.
He grabbed her wrists and pulled her away from him.
But, as Bobby used to say, family didn’t end with blood… All things considered, he was right, because he was as distant a relative to Dean as she was : not to mention Castiel and Balty, who were completely integrated in the family even though they weren’t sharing any bond except a precious and genuine friendship.
« Would you mind driving her home after the rehearsal? I… I don’t want to lie to her ».
« I know » the other replied, feeling a bit embarrassed.
« He should come over tomorrow, late morning or early afternoon »
« I could never leave you. You’re my family...You’re like my own kids, you know that, right?»
« Actually, I was thinking of you » he replied, tousling his hair.
« What do you want? » he asked Lisa.
Castiel tightens the grip of their fingers and nothing exists except them. They so deserved this happiness.
« Night, Dean » Castiel replied, his eyes shining in the dark.
" Do you realize how hurtful that is... Three minutes", Dean notes looking on his watch.
« Sorry, you got me wrong… it’s just… » Dean’s voice was a bit shaking. « It looks yummy ! » the tone of his voice had changed.
« Awesome... You’re saving my life, Bobby »
« Anyway, it’s almost 11 p.m., time to go to bed now » he put a hand on his son’s shoulder.
He keeps him hugged too long and the other doesn't move. Stiff, face closed, gaze turned off. Months of wandering and suffering.
« I beg your pardon ? » he put his white wine glass on the counter and gave it a regular twist between his fingers.
« Jo... It’s just eggs, pepper, salt and ketchup... Nothing complicated »
I came like a teenager after some back and forth.
When he had kissed her goodbye, she had whispered « I love you » in his ear, and that was worth all the forgiveness in the whole world.
« Castiel » Jewel smiled, arranging her white tutu.
« This is our home, Dad... » There was no rage in his voice, just the expression of a simple fact. In his mind and probably in Jewel’s too, there was no place for a new person within these walls… theirs walls.
« You’ve put on the big spread again, huh ? » Dean said hanging his jacket and glancing at Bobby.
And that evening, in that restaurant, he knew that Nathan had stepped aside.
Dean suddenly felt like he was blushing violently.
« It just came out... I’d better go upstairs… I’ve said too much already.»
« Is it true, what Castiel said ? »
Dean stroked his hair as he passed by, he took his jacket off and put it on the back of his chair.
Dean hesitated for a second. Wink rubbed his nose on his shirt, begging for a caress.
The man crouched down and searched deep down in the shelves.
Yet, as far as the work itself was concerned, only an extremely vivid imagination could guess a woman and a man’s attribute.
" What ? " Dean looked stunned." You… But how ? " he stammered, looking at the children.
Castiel waved his hands between them.
« No doubt about it!» Mark smiled, leaning on the saddle pommel.
« Go, Light » Jewel called her horse.
« I’m coming, Sweetie » He headed to the house with a big sigh.
Dean winked at him.
Being in his arms was his paradise... Since he died, his life had been hell until...
He let out a sight, his fingers clenching at the edge of the piece of furniture.
They had eaten a late breakfast and by the time they’d cleaned everything and taken care of Apache, it was already time for lunch. Jewel suspected her father and brother to make it on purpose, which they denied in unison.
Tessa had taken the place of his mother and listened to his doubts.
Dean tears off his blindfold and rushes out to try and save what can be saved.
I put my arm around your shoulders and laughed as i pull you inside.
He couldn’t help smiling discovering the disaster. He folded his arms, leaning on the door frame, Apache sitting at his feet.
Today, he would have to cope with only one look.
« Good night » he gave him a last quick kiss.
He smiled.
The end.
« I’m gonna fetch it » he stood up and left the room.
" Balty " Dean sighed .
« Now that’s enough. Put those away now » Dean was a bit pissed and raised his voice.
« Chad ? » his father looked worried.
Her father steps forward, the shouting and the "happy birthday" song stops immediately.
He read the silent question on Dean’s mind.
He sighed and went on, although this time, his voice was a bit shaky.
« Open your eyes. You’re incapable of loving anyone because you refuse the admit what’s obvious» she walked out of the kitchen.
« Call it habit… hope… Besides, I… I was... » He looked at the sky as it was too hard for him to say the words. « It was physical… As soon as he was touching me, I... » he looked down, feeling almost ashamed to confess his weakness. « I wish he’d loved me »
His son ended up in the waiting room, his forehead leaning against the window.
« Anyway, it doesn’t change anything as far as I’m concerned » he went on, heading towards a VW
"Do you think the children already had to face that kind of reaction? "he glanced to Chadwick and Jewel who were playing next to the pinball.
« I’ve been waiting for ten years… I’m more than patient »
The silence in the car was weighing on their hearts so much that even Jewel remained silent. She wanted to speak but she saw her brother’s expression and Castiel’s empty eyes ; she understood she’d better keep her mouth shut. So she looked at the landscape instead.
« Castiel »
« You see, Jimmy wanted to be an explorer and if he had managed to fulfill his dream, the city would have disappeared as well as all the ones he loved. He wouldn’t be married and he wouldn’t have any kids. »
« If he’s up there, tell him we’re having lunch in about an hour. We’re on holidays, but that doesn’t mean we need to act as spoiled wealthy brats » he mumbled, heading back to the kitchen.
The conversation revolved around life and things. Garth narrated the stories of some tourists in desperate need of adventure.
Bobby stands in his way.
« I don’t wanna bother you any longer. I’ll go home now. I have access to the programme that should do it for the moment»
"Bitch" sniffing, smile relieved in his voice.
In two days, she’d be among them. He sighed.
« She was so excited after the performance. It’s just a tutu. It’s not as if she asked me to drive my car. »
« Don’t you start too ! » Dean was looking daggers at him.
« For the moment, nothing, as far as I know… They’re just… friends » he said, feeling heartbroken and pushing Lisa’s hands away.
« I’ve got a beautiful Hackberry you’ll like for sure »
Castiel felt uncomfortable hearing Dean keep on using the word “faggot” yet he was touched to hear him defend his family no matter what... Dean had never actually managed to see Castiel as he was, sexually speaking. Even when Balty was there, even when he caught them.
« No »
« When does Castiel come home ? » The little girl asked.
“Can you take care of table 10?”
« What’s all this fun about ?» he asked, heading to the coffee machine. « What took you so long? Did ya have to grow the beans or what ? » he asked Franck with a nasty smile, grabbing a clean cup.
« We’ll set something up… Because it’s not the same around here without you. I… We sure don’t wanna lose you… We can’t afford to lose each other, you know what I mean ? »
« Leave me alone» Castiel whispered with contempt, pushing him away. « What did you expect ? That I would be broken after you loathed your resentment and jealousy, huh? » he said with disdain. « I’ve learned to live with it ; this pain has been a part of me, not for a short week, but for the last TEN years» he now pushed Zeke away violently. « So don’t you piss me off with your qualms. Indeed, he doesn’t love me ; indeed this is killing me, but I don’t care. Because I live with him. Because he likes me in his own way and that’s more than enough for me. Do you understand? He’ll always be the only one that matters. He needs me as much as I need him »
He somewhat slumped on himself, closing in like an oyster.
Furious, she threatened his son to go in the depths of the earth, to burn in hell. To disgrace his family, to shame his father.
" Because he looks at you just the way Mom did " the boy replied, after a short hesitation.
«Will you help me, Castiel ? » she said with a big smile.
" I’ll wait till you feel ready, and when you are, we’ll cross that bridge together. I know how hard it is for you to cope with being attracted to another man’s body "
"I’ll tell him to wait until later in the evening next time" Castiel smiled mockingly.
« See you soon ? »
Suddenly, Dean realized he had gone too far.
« Chad ? »
"Dean? "
" Cass ... Your tie!" Sam points out the angel.
Nor Lisa, nor Zeke, because his family was right here and it was up to him to make it an ordinary one.
« Trick or treat ? » Jewel claimed, presenting her bucket.
He raised his eyes on Castiel who hadn’t said a word since the « big news ».
Mrs. Crowley grabbed a handful of candies in her bag and threw them in the little girl’s bucket.
Jo was nervous too yet for other reasons. VIN had called earlier, he was on his way. He had postponed his arrival on account of an opening.
« I don’t know about you, but I’m sure dog tired... I’m going to bed »
