“I’m looking forward to it.” Cas stated softly, knowing that Dean wouldn’t hear him. With a sigh, he took the next customers order, trying not to think of green eyes that held secrets he could only dream of knowing.
“Dean?” Cas questioned, feeling a mix of elation, and strangely dread. Dean was early, much earlier than he usually came. Not to mention the fact that he’d been absent for the past two weeks.
“So. Is that how it goes? Is this how it ends? We just... you fuck off again, to wherever the hell you go, and I stay here? Strangers once more? How does this work, Cas? Because I’m
People don’t tend to think much of Cas; seeing as how he’s so quiet. They’ll glance at him once before turning their eyes away, disquieted at his ‘unnerving’ stare. It doesn’t bother him much, but what no one ever knows is that Cas understands a lot more than people would think. That he’s not silent because of a mental slowness, but instead because he prefers to watch and listen rather than be an active part of a group. It’s because of this that when people speak, he tends to see the truth that is hidden behind the words or gestures.
The smile is dead on his lips, but still it remains. He chuckles. It feels like sandpaper. The sky darkens further. He wonders if it will rain. He misses the rain.
And yet. Despite that knowledge, that concession, he can’t help the bitterness that fills him at the thought. The pang of ugliness that takes over his useless heart at the realization that Cas has been there all along, watching over his domain like a king watches his kingdom. Or like a mother watches her child. Cas hadn’t said it, but Dean knows the angel. Better than he knows himself, probably. Cas would have taken Jack’s task with the same solemnity he once did everything with, ever the disciplined solider. But this time, with love and affection for the souls he was watching over, the loving and caring guardian humans had always wanted to exist in God. He knows this is important to Cas, he knows it with everything he has in him.
- begin to slowly unravel. As he drives in his car, the only home he’d known for the majority of his life- and feels as she purrs under him, more alive than she’d been in a long time- he can feel the weight of the world finally begin to lift from shoulders that have carried that weight for far too long.
“Shit, I have to go or else my boss is gonna kill me. See ya tomorrow, Cas.” Dean said before leaving with a smile and a wave.
“Hmm. Yes, Dean?” Cas mutters back against his lips, voice wrecked from the screams and prayers he’d been uttering only mere millennia before. Dean smirks, pride filling him at the knowledge that
Still, there’s always a niggling at the back of his mind that tells him to not get too comfy. To not get too used to it. That it’s not as perfect as it all seems and that the moment that he lets his guard down, it all will fall apart. He supposes a lifetime of pain and heartache can’t be erased just like that. He doubts, no matter how long he stays in this place, that the feeling will ever truly go away.
) move, but Cas had. He must have. Because there he is, his eyes an ocean of blue, blue that is currently drowning Dean. Blue that has been drowning Dean since the dawn of time. He knows he is being dramatic, but with everything he’s feeling, all at once, endlessly, ceaselessly... he thinks he can be allowed this one, singular moment. After all he’s sacrificed. All he’s lost. Heaven is about getting whatever you want, right? Well, right now, he wants to break apart into teeny, tiny pieces. Is that so bad?
The words hang in the air with a charged energy, and suddenly he can’t take it. Can’t take this, can’t take the pain, can’t take the suffering he still feels even in this supposed paradise. It’s too much. With strength he thought he’d lost long ago, Dean rips himself away from Cas’s touch, mourning it instantly but knowing he can’t take it back. That’s the rub about broken things. You can’t ever fix them again. Not truly.
“I’m glad, Dean. I was… worried, about you.” Cas confessed lowly, looking down slightly. He felt Dean shift in the booth, before feeling warm hands tilting his head up, forcing him to look into bright green eyes.
“Honestly, Cas? I, uh. I kind of want to kiss you right now. Like, really want to kiss you. Think we can manage that?”
He can feel Sam’s eyes on him, though he doesn’t turn to face him. He looks out at the vast expanse before him and contemplates. He’s not ashamed or anything, no. Just... he’s assessing. He’s never told Sam, after all, what Cas had told him before he’d died. Has never told him what the angel professed. That’s a secret that only he can hold. Even here.
Castiel doesn’t look any different from what he remembers, and yet he can instantly tell something has changed. It doesn’t hit him at first what exactly that is. His eyes rove over the timeless face he could never manage to forget, the pale pink lips that haunt his memories, the oceanic eyes that drown him every moment of every day. He takes so much time just staring at a face he’d long lost hope of ever seeing again that by the time he finally realizes what is different, he thinks decades have passed. Or maybe only seconds. Or maybe even lifetimes, like the lifetimes that have always passed whenever he stares into eyes so blue that he feels like he’s drowning.
“I suppose, Dean, that that is up to you. What do you want, Dean Winchester? Because I... I really want to know. What do you
It’s as he is reeling back, his hand aching in a way that it hasn’t since he was alive, that he remembers how good pain could feel, at times. He can’t say he truly misses the sensation, but there’s something heart-wrenchingly familiar about the bruising ache that radiates through his busted fist, the finally ruffled face before him causing a dark satisfaction to rush through him. God. It’s been ages since he’d last felt like this. Figures Cas would be the one to bring it out of him. Cas has always been the one who got under his skin the most.
“Hey Cas.” Dean practically whispered, his voice shot and gravelly. He tried to smile, but it came out more like a grimace, his eyes filled with grief and pain.
Yet... yet he can’t quite crush it down. The feeling, the sensation, the charged energy in the air that is as familiar to him as breathing his useless breaths. It’s been an era since he’d last felt this sensation, and yet as it washes over him, the pressure intensifying with the time that doesn’t pass, he finds it’s like no time has passed at all. It’s not a foreign sensation in the slightest. In fact, it’s one he knows all too well, one that he once craved when it wasn’t there, though he’d never have dared admit that when he was alive, coward that he was.
“I, uh… got you something.” Dean said a few minutes later, after they had finally pulled away from one another.
Later, he knows that he’ll put the mask he’d learned to perfect in life back up, pretend with everything in him that he is happy, but right now he knows he can’t pretend. Not now. Not after everything that has happened, and all that he still yearns for, however long later. He can’t pretend, not in this moment.
“You, uh. You’ve been gone a while. Time works strangely here, but... yeah. A while. Where... where you been?”
And eventually, they will have to deal with being apart, even though they want nothing more than to be together forever, while Cas does his work for Heaven and for Jack and for the world. And eventually, Dean will wait patiently by a lake, skipping stones and listening to Zeppelin as he waits for the other half of his heart to return, time passing in its strange, beautiful way.
Standing before the lifeless lake makes some of the tension that had been unknowingly building within him during Cas’s tale unwind. Not much, but enough that he can process the words, process the story. He can feel that Cas hasn’t moved, that the angel is still seated behind him, eyes boring holes into his back. Good, he thinks cruelly. Cas has made him wait what apparently has been centuries for this. Cas can wait a few goddamn minutes more.
So, he lives with it. Or, well... doesn’t live with it, per se, as he has no life within him. Exists with it, he supposes. Keeps on moving, keeps on smiling and drinking shitty beer that tastes better than the finest whiskey, doing his best to keep up the pretense of happiness in a place where only happiness should exist. It figures that he’d be the only person to not be satisfied by having everything a human could possibly want right at their fingertips, eh?
Dean smiles as he sees the tears fill his little brother’s eyes, and while he knows they’re tears of relief, he can’t help that age-old desire to take away Sammy’s pain. So, he turns towards his baby brother and pulls him into a hug, a proper one that they never shared often enough when they’d been alive. He can feel his brother shaking, but he doesn’t comment on it; he just lets his brother cry as he holds him and whispers soft words in his ear, like he’d not done since the man was a young child. Maybe not since he’d been a baby.
And so, without thought, without wasting a second to let the doubt and fear and whatever other crap he has within him rise up, Dean lurches forward and crosses the light years between them, and finally,
The sight he sees is one that he can’t describe, and he won’t even fucking try. All he knows is that it’s bright, and beautiful, and blinding, and
It... it’s familiar. He knows that much. He’s felt this before, many times before, a lifetime ago. It’s on the tip of his tongue, he knows it, can almost taste it. But what does it feel like? Not bad. Not wrong. Just... different. He’s not experienced it before, not in heaven. But when he was alive...
Time passes strangely again, minutes passing into centuries passing into milliseconds. Everything and nothing happens, and he doesn’t know what to do. That cursed and blessed energy behind him is frozen in space and he can feel it radiating behind him, threatening to consume him, but he doesn’t turn around. He can’t turn around. Because turning around means acknowledging that this is real. And he’s far too much of a coward to face this kind of rejection. He can face down monsters and demons and hell hounds and leviathans and angels and the devil and God himself, but he can’t face down his own emotions. He never could.
. He made Cas sound like that. The once unflappable angel brought so low by the likes of him. The thought brings back to mind his question, and so he hums back, nosing against Cas’s cheek like a fucking cat.
Opening it up carefully, Cas stared at present in his hands. It was a leather cord, like the necklace that Dean always wore, a gift from his brother when they were children. However, it differed from Dean’s necklace in the pendent that hung from the cord. Instead of an amulet, it was a simple, little coffee cup no bigger than a penny, but Cas could feel his mouth smiling wider than he’d ever smiled before.
“Jeez, Cas. Didn’t… didn’t expect that.” Dean chuckled weakly, minutes later when he pulled back, his cheeks bright red.
But there is a difference, and it hits him as he sees the fond sorrow in those endless eyes, the shine he sees in them more unnatural than usual.
“Perhaps I should start at the beginning,” Cas continues, his words only slightly clipped with the annoyance the angel never could fully hide. Dean wants to press the matter, to rile the angel up like he always had loved to do in life, but he suppresses the sensation and looks around the lakeshore, spotting a picnic table he was positive hadn’t been there a moment earlier. He doesn’t question it, used to Heaven’s tricks by now, and just nods his head over to the newly minted table.
He knows that if he were human, if he had his mortal body, that his voice would be wrecked from the volume and force of the words he screams. Even still, his chest is heaving, and his eyes are blurry, and he can’t quite breathe, even though he knows he doesn’t need to breathe anymore. All the pain and rage and heartbreak he’s kept inside for millennia comes bursting out and he has no idea how to deal with it. After so long of pretending that everything was perfect, that he was happy and content like his family, that everything is fine and normal and good… he doesn’t know how to handle the rage that once was his most familiar companion.
“Wow. I just... wow. I don’t know what to say. I mean... I can’t believe Jack did all this. Just... wow,” Sam whispers, voice hushed and awed. Dean smiles brightly as he’s reminded of what Bobby had told him, shaking his head slightly.
He can’t help but stare at the crooked tilt of the palest lips, his insides squirming in ways he’d always denied when he’d actually had breath to be taken away.
It had been so good to see Jo and Ellen again, after so long. Ellen had smirked at him and slapped him upside the head, while Jo had snarked at him, the little sister he’d never wanted back once more. Ash had made some jokes, while Pamela had flirted. Kevin had been a welcome face, and he’d claimed no hard feelings. Charlie... now that had been a tougher one, but any possible pain had melted away when the woman had opened her mouth and began gushing about the epic LARPing she’d been able to do in this new heaven.
But he doesn’t want that, not anymore. Doesn’t want to keep hiding from his feelings, his lo- his love. His
(Update 11/26/2020: Just letting y'all know, I went through the story and made some quick edits, so if you read it through again, don't worry about any changes. :-D
Dean would get this look in his eye when he spoke of his brother, Cas had noticed over the past several months. A look that spoke of intense love, but also of a hint of sadness. Then, in those few times when he spoke of his father, Cas saw a wariness there, pain tempered by fierce loyalty. A look he’d had a lot of experience with, seeing it in his brother’s gaze whenever their father came up in conversation. Dean never spoke of his mother, leaving Cas to assume that something must have happened to her. Most likely death. Putting all the observations together, Cas could only assume that Dean’s mother had died, probably early in his life, leaving his father to raise him and his brother. However, his father could not handle the burden of raising two young children by himself, leaving it upon Dean to raise himself and his brother. But no matter how often his father let him down, he still looked up to him, unable to truly think of him as anything less than perfect.
He feels the laughter vibrate against his lips, and it’s all he can do to chase the sound back to the source, pushing down at the lithe and powerful body beneath his, until he feels that age old heat fill his stomach and he wants to stake claim to the body beneath him again, and again, and again, over and over for the rest of eternity. That’s the best part of Heaven, he’s come to find. No refractory period. He’s almost completely forgotten his question when Cas pulls back, a teasing smile on his heavenly lips, his eyes shining brighter than any jewel known to man.
Because of this, he could feel his back straighten, his face settling into his usual intense expression, tight with seriousness. He walked around Dean and carefully unlocked his brother’s coffee shop, opening the door wide and gesturing for Dean to enter. He watched as Dean shuffled inside, arms wrapped tight around his stomach, before he entered as well.
“So,” Sam starts, millennia later (what is time, anyway?), “what memory is this? It feels familiar.”
Eventually, he will get out of Baby and turn to face Sam, a worried look on his baby brother’s face that will melt away into a silent joy when he sees Cas step out of the Impala, joy that explodes into a supernova when he sees them gravitate towards one another, hands clasped so tight Dean won’t even know which is his and which is Cas’s.
“It isn’t. A memory, that is. This is, it’s... it’s real, Sammy. A heaven of our own. What a concept, huh?”
As he drives through Heaven, nothing ahead of him but open road, Dean finally begins to feel the tension that had been coiled around him for over a decade- hell, over a
And as they drive back on the endless road, miles and miles of nothing ahead of them, with only a destination in heart, no words are exchanged.
“Alright. I guess I’ll start where you left off. After the Empty took me, I was placed back into that endless sleep. No confrontation, no final words. Just... nothing but my memories, my regrets, and fears, played on endless repeat. It, uh... really sucked,” Cas explains, the corners of his mouth tilting up despite the serious words. Part of Dean wants to smile too, but his face feels frozen in time, so he just continues to stare as the angel continues his tale.
Update: Apparently deleting this chapter will also delete the comments on it, and while there is just the one, I'd rather not do that if possible. So I'll just leave it. ^-^
“How’s Sam doing?” Cas inquired, as he handed the coffee and scone over. If there was one thing in Dean’s life that Cas knew the most about, it was Dean’s little brother, Sam. Usually Dean didn’t like talking much about his life, even though they’d known each other for just over a year. But Dean would talk about Sam like a proud father talking about their child, and from what Cas could tell, that was pretty much how it was.
I needed. A-and I couldn’t... I couldn’t... dammit, Cas. I couldn’t move on. You didn’t give me enough time, Cas. You didn’t let me process it all, didn’t let me explain. You didn’t explain. And I-I-I... I can’t. I can’t.”
“Hello, Dean. The usual?” Cas asked, trying his hardest to not stare at the man before him, finding it nearly impossible. It was just something about him, about the way he focused intently on the menu, even though he ordered the same thing every day. Or how he always smiled at Cas, so unlike many people who ordered. It always amazed him, how brightly this gruff looking man could smile.
It’s as he feels the overwhelming yet familiar energy stop right behind him, a hand hovering over his shoulder with an aching hesitance that he hates that it all becomes too much. And when he hears that voice... that deep baritone that haunts his every waking moment...
straight. As a fucking arrow. You were like a brother to me, like a fucking brother, Cas. That’s how it was supposed to be. That’s
He had woken up that morning, almost two weeks from the time he’d last seen Dean, in a terrible mood. As the winter approached, the days grew colder and colder, clouds covering the skies. He didn’t know why, but Cas had never liked dark clouds. Part of him thought it was because it reminded him of the day he learned about his mother’s death, or the day his father had left for good when he was 10, leaving his eldest brother Michael in charge of him. Of course, those dark clouds were more metaphorical.
Dean can’t help the smile that rises to his face as he hears Cas let out an exasperated sigh, the angel’s eyes closing and his head shaking lightly with what he knows to be frustration. There’s nothing really funny about the moment, but it’s just so surreal, being here after all this time, that he can’t help it. It’s actually hilarious when he thinks about it. The glare Cas gives him at the chuckle he lets out makes him laugh harder. His cheeks would surely be aching if he could still feel them.
He can hear Cas take a ragged breath, knows he’s about to speak, say words, say something that will either makes things better or worse, but he can’t take it. He can’t. He wants- he wants- well. He wants. But he doesn’t know what he wants and so he speaks, cuts Cas off, voice shaking as the world grows too blurry to see. He can still see that cursed, watery blue, though. He can always see that.
Lisa held the crowd at extinguisher-point as they made their purchases. One by one, they each bought their original wares and uttered apologies to Dean. When the original customer, the one most pulled in by the gum rep, came up to the counter, he blushed brightly. “Two packs of Nails, please.”
Dean smiled at Cas' question. "Still green, Sir. Just excited to find out what you have in store for me."
"I know you probably don't think it, but you're doing great, Dean. Keep blowing!" Cas encouraged, watching Dean with wide, excited eyes.
“It’s okay if you come quickly, Dean. I want to know how good I make you feel.” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. His breaths were short and erratic, much like Dean’s own. Their hips started rocking together in tandem, the two of them rushing to push the other over the edge. “Dean. Dean, come for me. Please.”
Eileen laughed. "We have it on good authority that you're going to like what's in there." She winked, causing Dean to raise an eyebrow in confusion. "A little robin gave us a hint."
“What happened to you knowing that we could handle ourselves, Hasselhoff?” Claire sat up entirely and glared at Dean.
“Lis, I know all of the sexual innuendos. I think I’d know that one.” He slid the last pack in before leaning back against the counter.
Dean shook his head, stealing a glance at her. “No. It’s still a sexual act. When I said six people, that included any kind of sexual act. I didn’t exclude oral sex.” He handed the change to the customer and turned to face Lisa. “I’m gonna ask again. How many?”
The leather tightened, and a few moments later, his other ankle was strapped down as well. Dean tested the bar, whimpering at being locked in place and oh-so-vulnerable to his Dom. "Everything okay?"
“What happened to you saying this was yours and Kaia’s hunt?” Dean turned around. “You’re pissed that we’re here because it undermines your ability, but now you want to throw Cas to the creature?”
"It's okay, Garth." Cas comforted. "Dean and I have been together officially for three years now. However, we both acknowledge that we've loved each other for a lot longer than that."
Next time, Jack, Bobo —as they decided to nickname him to avoid any confusion— and Miracle took care of little Adam while his fathers took a night off from taking care of him. Having a child was a beautiful thing, sure, but it was tiring, and the bags under their eyes showed it.
, and for that, he turns around and kisses Dean softly. They don’t need words, they don’t need prayers, they just need each other by their side.
“I don’t want to be God anymore.” Everyone looks at Jack as if he grew a third eye. “It’s cool and all, but I don’t feel like I should have this… this power, this everything. Someone who knows should have it.”
He closes his bedroom door behind him and goes downstairs once he makes sure Miracle is not inside any of their rooms, hearing Jack’s babbling in the living room.
But this is not important, oh no, it’s not. What’s important is that Dean lost track of Cas a few minutes after they danced together to their song, the incredible
“Of course. Did you?” he doesn’t want to talk about the guilt, the regret, the pain, sadness, everything that’s wrong, everything that’s going on inside his head right now because he knows Dean has enough shit on him to deal with his right now. Maybe he’ll get a therapist, one that doesn’t run off scared when he mentions the angels and the end of the world.
A few moments later, when Cas is grabbing two bottles of red wine, Eileen comes back, four boxes that vary in size and color filling her hands.
"Hello." He greeted, his hand shooting up the way it always did. Sam reacted first, throwing himself to the kid and hugging him tightly.
“She is? Man, I just thought it was weird for her to not drink her entire weight in beer tonight.” Cas throws his head back in laughter.
“I look forward to it.” Dean smiles at him before jogging to the other side of the car as Cas gets inside of it. When Dean turns the engine on,
He asks them if they can see their parents and, once they say yes, he lets them go while wishing them a good day. Quickly, all of them are out, except for Jack, who now has his tiny hands laced together, his face a pure expression of calm that Cas has never seen. The kid is intriguing, completely, and he wants to know how and why he learned everything he knows.
The drive is mostly silent, since Eileen is still somewhat sleepy and Cas can’t sign while driving because he put his mask on since they left the bunker.
“Goddamn it, Cas.” Dean appears by his side, a beer in his hand. “We have a family. We have a home.” They both smile. Cas waits until Dean finishes his beer and kisses him.
“Happy birthday!” everyone is there, absolutely everyone, even Michael. Wait, not everyone. There’s no Cas. Everyone makes their way to hug him and congratulate him, with Eileen, Sam, and Jack at the end.
Dean Winchester, was on the floor. Sam was down, too, he couldn't tell if he was hurting or not. He wanted to scream, but nothing came out of his throat.
“Well, Mr. Novak? Would you join us for lunch?” he asks. Cas opens and closes his mouth like a fish.
everything the car has, so he takes his things out and closes the door of the car before heading back inside.
There's Sammy, though. He didn't go to literal hell for this to happen. But he was tired of fighting, Sam could take care of himself very well. There's nothing left for him.
Dean does as he’s told, realizing now that his bladder is full. After doing his routine more excitedly than ever, he searches the room for more flowers. And he sees another when he puts the toilet seat down. He laughs as he scans the yellow rose and the other tiny one on his hands, maybe this is Eileen tricking him into putting the toilet seat down.
and classmates, eventually leading to him turning into drugs. It was sad, but now, years after that, he had a wife, Amelia, and his older brother, Gabe, helped him whenever he could. After that, Cas decided he would be a teacher and that he would help those who needed it, unlike the shitty professors that he witnessed.
“Then what are we waiting for? We should be dancing!” they follow the witch to the living room, where the music begins playing.
He felt Dean tightening his grip on his face and separated them, gasping for air, and he suddenly felt guilty. Still, Dean didn't let him go, instead, he pressed their foreheads together again, his breathing heavy, and he muttered something that almost sounded like a prayer.
"You're pretty obvious. Both of you. I'm just surprised to see that you're finally admitting it." Cas took his hand and Dean's heart melted again. It would never stop doing things to him.
Once he gets out of the kitchen —finally—, he finds Eileen sitting by the tree. He waves his hand and begins signing a simple
“Alright, let’s get you changed.” Before he even takes the clothes Jack has gotten rid of his pajama shirt, too excited to wait for his father. “Woah, slow down.” He laughs and slides the green shirt on his tiny torso; jeans and sneakers finish the look the kid chose five days prior. “Now let’s get that bed hair out.” Jack groans, but he’s too happy to say something about his blonde hair getting combed.
, he’s just accepted everything she shows him or does to him—, so he just finishes his coffee in peace and leaves the mug next to Meg’s before running upstairs to brush his teeth and grab his things.
He knows she doesn’t want to bring Sam’s hopes up, and he’s touched that she decided to share this with him.
It’s cold, colder than other days, and that is explained by the lack of Cas. Did he lose him again? No, that can’t be. Just as he’s about to get up and run to find his lover, he feels something in the place where Cas should be,
"I am in love with your brother, Sam." Sam's neck turned around so fast Dean feared it would break. "That's my extreme happiness."
“She’ll be okay, no need to kill me, she’s independent.” Sam raises both hands to prove his innocence. Dean nods and Sam returns the gesture, quickly turning around to go through security.
"Excuse me," Dean tightened his grip on Cas's hand. Here we go. "Some of our clients are uncomfortable, so I have to ask you to either stop doing that or…"
And everything is so peaceful, so joyful, so domestic and familiar, that Cas has a hard time holding back his tears.
They cross the street and get in the line so they can get inside. Once he and Jack greet the young lady receiving them —a trait Sam made sure stuck with him— they make their way to the first-grade classroom.
“Dude, I’ve had enough misunderstandings for a lifetime.” Dean cracks a laugh, remembering all those times they got confused with a couple, and Sam turns to Jack. “Hey bud, you be good, okay? I have to go back with aunt Eileen.” Jack nods and hugs him tightly. Sam leaves a kiss on the top of his head and grabs him by the shoulders. “Now go enjoy your first day. I’ll call when I can so you can tell me everything, we clear? Now give me those five.” Jack high-fives him and takes Dean’s hand.
“Do you like burgers, Mr. Novak?” Jack asks as he calmly puts his crayons inside his pencil box. It’s fully organized, and Cas just stares at it in wonder. How the hell is this kid so organized? He’s a kid, for fuck’s sake.
The place is big, painted in simple beige and grey, colorful frames with pictures hanging from the otherwise nude walls, and the booths are of a colorful combination of red and green. It looks… old and yet modern, like one of those themed cafés Meg forced him to go to while she was with Bela. Oh, how he hoped for Charlie to change his best friend’s ways.
…” his name rolls off his tongue easily, almost with practiced ease; “there’s this place owned by one of my best friends, they serve the most amazing burgers you’ll ever try,
Once he does, he finds new emails, and he has to keep himself from banging his head against the wheel. The first day isn’t even over yet and the association is already contacting him, great. It’s not even one thirty yet.
"Fuck," he muttered once he closed the door, "fuck." He repeated as he turned on the car. He didn't know in which direction he had to go; he just drove, a voice on his head telling him where to turn as if he knew the path by heart. Which was possible, but it suspiciously sounded like Jack.
The bruise on their cheeks was the worst part, earning them for doing something oh so stupid without thinking it through.
"Can… can I… you know…?" it was honestly adorable seeing Dean ask for permission, seeing him acting like a teenager in love. He didn't even let him finish, didn't let him ask, he just guided his lips to Dean's, finally savoring those oh so kissable lips, those lips he wanted to kiss ever since he saw them for the first time at that Sip N' Gas station; because he knew his soul was a beautiful, tortured one that deserved better, but watching it as a human for the first time was just different, more… physical, more intimate in a way he couldn't explain.
He really had been a surprise. His mother was an old friend who helped him during try-outs, and he never expected to see her again after that.
“It’s literally… damnit, Cas, it’s seven o’clock, come back.” Dean reaches out, trying to find Cas’s body to keep the bed —and himself— warm. Cas chuckles and plants a kiss on his forehead. Instead of going back to bed, though, he simply kisses him sweetly on the lips and turns around to find something to put on, eventually finding his pajama pants in a corner of Dean’s room —their room.
His phone vibrates in his pocket and he takes it out with one hand. He knows he shouldn’t be doing it, so he just keeps it in his hand and waits for another red light so he can check it.
The drive is not that long, not for him anyway, twenty-five minutes in the early morning traffic of Manhattan, the soft noise of the radio filling their comfortable silence.
“So, I think I’ll be going now, I want to make sure everything’s there.” Meg rolls her eyes playfully and leaves her mug at the sink.
He smiles, Jack absolutely loves his uncle, his only uncle. And aunt Eileen, God, how does he dare to forget Eileen?
He huffs with happiness when classic rock fills the car, Sam wouldn’t let him play it, and begins driving, he still has an hour and thirty minutes or so before he can go get Jack.
“I’ll call you, Mr. Winchester. I’ve done this job for eight years now, I find no problem in that.” He takes Dean’s hand again. “I’ll see you at the end of the day.”
He swallowed, hard, realizing his mistake. How stupid of him to do something so ruthless, so impulsive.
Dean analyzes the flowers a little bit more thoroughly this time. One is pink and completely open, big is he must compare it to the others, and the other is a branch filled with leaves and small white flowers.
Fifteen more minutes until his son is done with his first day of school, so he decides to get out of the car and walk over to the front yard of the school where other parents are waiting. He stands next to a man wearing a peculiar hat.
are okay with it, I am too.” He squeezes his son’s shoulders and brings him in for a hug. “I’m proud of you, and I know your mother is too.” Jack tightens the embrace for a second and lets Cas go.
He smiles as he passes the flowers, finding bees. He remembers Meg freaking out over his bee-hive when they moved together and him trying to calm her down, only achieving this after he took her out to a bar and promised to keep his bees away from her.
“Thank you for giving me the best Christmas I’ve ever had.” And that’s when Cas melts between Dean’s arms because
He honestly won’t ever mind everyone remembering him crying in the future. Just as he bursts through the door, he is hit with the familiar scent of waffles, eggs bacon, birthday cake, and pie.
Then, it was time to talk about feelings, Dean's least favorite part of pretty much everything. Luckily —Dean still didn't know if good or bad—, Cas still had little to no consideration, so when Sam asked what was his happiness, Cas didn't even hesitate.
A year later, as Jack and little Jack chased Miracle across the sand while laughing, Cas looked down at his left hand, a pretty silver band on his finger, while waiting for the beers to come. Sam dropped himself next to Eileen and passed him a beer.
“Dean! Come over here!” calls Charlie, an overly enthusiastic redhead who has become his best friend in the industry ever since they met three years prior during a tryout. He greets her with a kiss on the cheek and checks the script. “Let’s rehearse it one more time.” Dean nods and Charlie begins acting.
“Happy New Year, thank you for what you did this year!” Cas says when the clerk, who can’t be over twenty, hands him his change and ticket. His eyes light up.
“Actually, I am, want to wish the little man luck.” Dean smiles as he slides his black t-shirt over his head, glancing at the clock on his bedside. It’s only six-thirty, he has time to prepare the most awesome breakfast a kid could want.
He usually stays that way, admiring Dean for a long time until he wakes up slowly, stretching, his hot skin pressing against Cas and
This until Claire shows up with Jack between her arms, the kid fast asleep, another set of flowers taped on his back. Claire giggles when Dean snorts, then excuses herself and Kaia to take Jack to his bedroom and then make their way to their own bedroom. Man, life goes by fast, Claire and Kaia are going to college this year.
, so of course Eileen takes a handful of chocolates and another of all types of candy. The clerk looks weirded out, but says nothing.
Dean groans, his back complaining as he sits up. He shouldn’t be doing that now, staying up so late for whatever reason, he just can’t afford to do it now.
“I have to go, but it was nice meeting you too. See you tomorrow.” He nods and turns around. It’s not that he doesn’t want to make new friends, it’s just that he doesn’t want to keep Dean and Jack waiting; and, okay,
“I thought it was impossible, you know? To get pregnant? At least for me.” Cas opens his eyes wide, wanting to cover his mouth in amazement and happiness.
It’s all ready for the kids to come, and Cas feels his lips curve up in a genuine smile. Teaching kids the basics was one of his favorite things to do.
Dean’s smile can’t be bigger right now. He still has no idea of what is going on, but he’s sure as hell he’ll be going down with the whole thing.
It’s only twelve minutes from the rather quiet neighborhood to the elementary school. Sam chuckles when he sees his brother trying to keep himself from crying, but he can’t blame him, he’s also about to tear up. Had it really been six years since he called him crying in the middle of the night because Kelly was about to give birth and he didn’t know what to do?
Shit. Did Cas forget to mention that he is now regressing? After Meg, Crowley, and Amara took all control over the universe, Jack began turning back his age. It started small, really, just a year at first once he realized that the world was now a safe place —as safe as it could be for a hunter, anyway—. But now, a couple of weeks later, he has taken the form of a ten-year-old, and he couldn’t be happier; instead of going all the way back to three years, he decided to stay like that, not wanting to add to their responsibilities now that Cas was setting up his Hunter’s School and Dean was finishing paperwork for the home he wanted to take, this without talking about Eileen and Sam’s child coming by the end of August.
Cas nods and gives her another hug before taking all the tests and wrapping them in toilet paper so he could throw them away in the garbage. Eileen throws in the boxes and Cas takes the bag, closing it.
“We don’t know yet… she took some tests, but she needs to see a doctor first. Let’s not get ahead of it.” Dean nods and takes Cas’s glass. He takes a sip and then leaves it on the small table that was pushed aside.
"What did you do?" Sam asked, his words carefully chosen because now he can actually snap them away from existence.
Apparently, Jack could read minds, so he let Sam go and hugged Dean tightly. He wanted to break, he wanted to talk, but he couldn't. Nothing came out of his mouth, his vocal cords sewed, his emotions retreating to the back of his mind where he couldn't reach them.
Jack is not there, sadly, since he and Amara —who now has a body, thank everything— have a lot of things to do.
He knocks softly and opens the door, entering the navy and green room filled with dinosaurs and zombies. Dean chuckles, he’s never allowing him to watch another zombie film, and makes his way to the bed.
Jack jumps his way to the car as Dean closes the door. Sam takes the shotgun seat while his brother secures Jack on the backseat.
“Why so lost, feathers?” Crowley asks, sitting next to him. “Not thinking about me stealing your boyfriend, right?” Cas shakes his head, eyes set on his hands. “Just so you feel safer, I stopped loving him a long time ago. Might as well try with the pretty nurse over there.” Cas groans when Crowley points at Alex. Crowley smiles slightly, squeezes his knee, and gets up again to make his way back to the kitchen.
After he throws away the bag, he sighs with relief, then turns around, opens the door, and walks inside again. He smiles at Eileen, knowingly, and goes in search of something to do.
With every second that passed, a knot on his stomach tightened, how was he supposed to tell Sam about that? About them? He could already hear Sam asking why he never knew about it or why he never told him about it. If he was honest, he would say I don't know because it was simply the truth.
He smiles at Cas and turns around to look for his father. Once he finds him, he gasps in joy and runs towards him. Dean crouches down and opens his arm, and Cas’s heart jumps at this action. The man walks towards him, and Cas can feel his hands sweating; he’s supposed to go the other way, outside, not inside.
Eileen nods and squeezes his hand, her other hand clutching the bag inside her pocket, and gets out of the car.
“Alright, let’s get you to school!” Dean said, trying to mark the knot on his throat and the tears burning his eyes. His little man is growing up, wow. It only seemed like yesterday when he was 22 and Kelly showed up at his door looking just about ready to pop, crying.
“Castiel, first grade.” The other teacher smiles warmly and gives him the pen before he waves goodbye and leaves.
“May I order for you?” after Cas nods, Dean turns to his son; “why don’t you take Castiel over to your favorite place, huh? I’ll be there in no time.” He points finger guns at Jack, who points them back and grabs Castiel’s hand, pretty much dragging him towards one of the three booths that are located inside the child’s area.
“The way he sings… I honestly thought they were taking me away from the lead.” Dean laughs, relieved, and Cas finds himself laughing along with him more easily than he ever thought he would. “I’m kinda sad they didn’t, though, Tommy is my favorite.” Cas gasps.
Dean isn’t a morning person, but this specific day is worth getting up at six am. He plays some music as he showers, singing softly so he doesn’t wake up his child, and then makes his way back to his bedroom where Sam waits for him.
“Why did she run?” they ask, trying to keep their humor up. Cas passes a bag of groceries to him and dismisses it with the hand he just freed.
taking his place,” Amara says, and Jack nods in agreement. “We came to the conclusion that I could exchange my power with someone else to take in the… huh, light.” Even if she’s now part of the family, she feels like an outsider. “Meg, Crowley… would you mind sharing the darkness?” Crowley’s spoon falls from his mouth and Meg just stares at her.
The rest of the day goes by in a blur, to be honest. He meets with Adam and he arranges Cas the things he needs, since he now sells it alongside Michael, then goes back with the berries, has breakfast, and kisses Dean a few more times. Then, Sam drags Dean to find a ring for Eileen and the rest stays behind. Cas bribes both Jack and Claire into helping him —to be honest, he didn’t need to, but that’s not something they both were willing to share since he bought them all the junk food they wanted and the projection room for themselves for a week— while Eileen accepts willingly.
“Really? That’s amazing!” Dean looks at his son, and the pride that shows on his face is incomparable. Cas waves a hand and smiles at them.
“Thank you so much, Meg, I love you for this.” He says, giving her the car keys. Meg smirks and brings him closer, wrapping her arms around him.
a smile spreading across his sleepy face. Then, comes the first phrase either of them says in the morning, and it usually comes from Dean.
The bell rings, and Dean’s hands begin to sweat. Jack’s class is the first one to come out. A girl with brown hair tied up in a ponytail, wearing a pale-yellow dress, runs towards Benny. He twirls her around and kisses her cheek.
Dean gets out of the bathroom, still looking for more flowers. Just as he’s about to turn to make his way to the kitchen, Eileen walks out of her and Sam’s room with another flower. It’s a white, open one, with yellow thingys —he never really cared enough about Biology to learn how they’re called— in the middle. She walks past him after she gently pushes it against his chest and makes her way to the kitchen.
Castiel waves it off and smiles at Jack. “He’s a very smart child, he helped one of his classmates with her homework and answered correctly the questions I asked him.”
"Dammit, Cas, let me finish." He wasn't mad, he even laughed, he was so damn happy and nothing could ruin that moment. "I didn't have enough time; you threw me across the room before I could tell you… that I… I, I love you." That was harder to say than he expected. He could hear Cas's heart, could feel it so close to his.
and opens the door for Eileen. After fighting for the whole day, at around 2 AM on Christmas day, Cas
Dean turns down the volume a little bit and begins driving. They make small talk with Jack singing in the backseat, which has Dean grinning the whole way. They talk about how difficult it is to live in New York, about how Cas became a teacher, and how Dean has to manage acting and raising Jack all on his own.
“Look, Jack, you were made for this, okay? You can hold this and so much more, but you shouldn’t. As you said, you’re a kid, even with all of the things you have and know now. So, as long as
“Dad!” Jack calls, rubbing his eyes, clutching the stuffed Scooby-Doo that Eileen got him for Christmas, a big smile across his face.
“Novak luck?” Meg calls, smirking from the living room. She’s wearing black jeans, her high-heeled grey ankle boots, and a black blouse.
The rest of the day goes smoothly, with the kids answering some of his questions —though Jack was pretty much the only one who did, since he also answered for Kevin—, no accidents during their recess, no kids crying. By the time the bell rings, Cas finds himself kind of disappointed of this, knowing he’ll have to go back to his house alone, most likely by bus, and enjoy his lonely afternoon until Meg comes back at nine PM only to have dinner and go to sleep.
As they begin to eat, Cas has to bite his tongue to choke the sinful moan that wanted to leave his throat, the burger being the best he’s had ever since his trip to Ohio to visit his brother Gabe two years back. It’s juicy, fatty, and full of cheese, the bun almost sweet and the special mayonnaise complement it; sure, there are onion and lettuce —no tomato, Dean remembered he hates tomato and Cas doesn’t know how to feel about this—, but they don’t star there. Meg is gonna kill him for breaking his diet and for doing it without her.
"You do?" he asked, not quite believing his ears. Dean nodded, and Cas let out a little laugh, a relief one. "Oh, that's good, that's great." He held Dean's face the same way the Winchester was doing so, and it felt so good to finally do it, to finally give in to happiness.
And then Dean laughed. Cas furrowed his brows and opened his eyes, finding the green ones that he kept dreaming of during his time in the Empty. "Shit, I… it really took us that much time, huh?" so Cas laughs along because there, looking back at all the time they lost by being so afraid, it really seemed stupid.
They move between the aisles, fulfilling everything their friends asked for, and then head to pay. There, Eileen signs Cas, asking for candy, and Cas signs back with an
“Take care of yourself,” Dean pulls back, “and if something happens to Eileen, Sam, I swear to everything that’s holy…”
After Dean kisses him with gratitude, he excuses himself and runs towards the bathroom. He moves the handle a couple of times and Eileen opens, sighing in relief.
As he takes his things, he sees Sam pass by with his duffel bag, and that has Dean’s heart sinking. He really hopes Sam can get a job in a bigger city, be a widely know lawyer the way he always wanted to be.
It’s weird, working silently even if they know that Dean can’t wake up, but they do it without much trouble, talking in signs and keeping the radio that sits in the corner of the kitchen at a relatively low sound.
“Let’s go then, if I don’t have dinosaur pancakes when he wakes up, Troy will burn.” Sam snorts at his brother but follows him to the kitchen anyway.
But it was just him, and he was outnumbered. He couldn't let Sammy die, not like that, not in a barn. And he, too, couldn't die like this, he didn't want to go down without living.
“Yes, we are. Is your uncle Sam up yet?” Jack nods, having heard Sam coming back from his morning jog a few minutes earlier. “Why don’t you go help him while I wake up daddy, huh?” the kid nods and runs all the way to the kitchen, where Sam greets him.
"I am, Dean." He wanted to say something else, but Dean cut him, desperately trying to find his eyes in the dead of night, those blue eyes that lit up the way.
When Dean finally connects the dots he wants to slap himself in the forehead. How couldn’t he know? How could this fly over his head?
So Cas just nods and bops his lover’s nose. Dean groans and puts his hand on his hair, softly running his hand through it, and Cas hums because
.” He says dramatically. Dean snorts. The song changes. It’s almost midnight, and that’s Sam’s favorite song to close the year.
Thinking about it, maybe he could go out like this. At least he wouldn't live with all that searing pain that made his lungs burn every time he breathed.
He struggled with the door, the hinges so old they wouldn't move even as he put all of his weight on them.
The vamps fell in front of him, dead, their eyes burned out and smoking. Dean tried to not let out a sigh of relief when he could move his arms once again. But nothing else came back to him, he couldn't bring himself to think of any more reasons to be alive.
“We have a child with selective mutism, his name is Kevin. He’s really smart, too, and Jack helped him all day long.”
“Hey there, Jackie.” He moves his kid slowly, trying not to be too harsh. “Today is your first day of school. Aren’t you excited?” that’s enough to wake up the kid, who now looks as if he’s been drinking energy drinks for a week. He begins jumping and Dean has to suppress a laugh, instead putting a serious face. “Jack, what do we say first thing in the morning?” he asks, stopping the kid.
“That’s right. Good morning, champ.” Jack gets off the bed and runs to the bathroom. Dean looks around the bedroom, his eyes landing on the desk by the window where Jack put his backpack and clothes for the day. The day they bought his school supplies Dean thought the kid would have a heart attack with how excited he was.
He reads the card once again and notices the small arrow on one of the corners so he turns it around.
“We put several spells around the house, really. And we also won’t be able to use the projection room for a whole week because I might have bribed our kids with it.” Dean laughs wholeheartedly, then places a kiss on Cas’s cheek.
He quickly changes into something warm, taking the trench coat that Amara gave him —she’s now down on Earth making herself known as a fashion designer alongside Meg and Crowley, they’re so damn famous Cas forgets he knows them sometimes— and a pair of simple boots to complete his casual style.
Dean looks around, no one seems to notice him crying, and if they do, they don’t want to interfere. He walks downstairs, already knowing where he’s going and why he’s going there, he has been avoiding it more than the current plague.
, and he had him between his hands. He pressed his forehead against the angel's and let out a happy, shaky sigh.
“Dude, I knew she was a lesbian before she even said the words. We grew up together.” Dean led them out to his car. “But I promised it didn’t change the fact that I consider her my sister.”
“I do. We hang out when our days off match. She’ll be my best friend for life.” Lisa leaned into Dean. “I’m actually here visiting my boyfriend while he works.”
“How old do you think she is?” Cas queued up in the viewing line, pulling Dean with him. “I was expecting younger.”
Dean: you don't have to if you don't want. I know you barely know me. I guess you're just the only friend I have. But you can say no ill understand.
Dean took a step to emmanuel and held his wrist. Emmanuel looked up at him and also took a step closer. They both stared into each others eyes. Emmanuel took dean hands from his wrist and locked their fingers together. Both of them smiled and then dean put his hand on the side of emmanuel's face. Emmanuel jumped forwards and kissed Dean.
"Yeah. We used to have a friend who we hre with us a lot, you know helping out with the family business. He actually lived somewhere else but he spent most of his time here"
Emmanuel looked at dean for a second before turning back to daphne. He didn't respond and daphne cried even more.
Not long later everything was done. It was getting dark outside now. The barn was being lit by the fairy lights hanging on the walls. Bobby said he found then in his 'Christmas things' box.
He saw dean shrug "must like my pretty face"dean turned around and smirked at castiel. Castiel couldn't help but laugh.
"Since we found you again he's been...the happiest we've ever seen him. Mostly in the last two weeks, until yesterday"sam said
Dean pulled dannys arm around and then pushed his lips to his. It was just a simple kiss. No passion, no emotion, just a simple kiss. Dean pulled away and then danny stared at him in shock. Danny then smiled and tried to kiss dean again, but dean moved away.
An hour later dean and emmanuel decided they should clean the kitchen before daphne returned. Emmanuel tried to tell dean that he would do it but dean wanted to stay.
"you know. All of these curses have reporcutions, none of them worked well. What if something really bad happens here"
Then dean walked away and back to the impala. He drove to Bobby's and walked right through the house. Sam and Bobby sat in the couch and watched dean as he barely noticed them to go upstairs.
After a few hours dean decided to take emmanuel for a tour of the yard as he hadn't seen it before. As they walked out of the house and over to the garage dean noticed emmanuel was humming the tune that they were both singing to in the car.
"Well you don't know me, not really anyway. Maybe we can get to know each other now. A fresh start for you"
He walked in and saw emmanuel sat over in the corner. He walked over to him smiling. Emmanuel noticed him and smiled up at him.
A couple of minutes later castiel calmed down, thankful that balthazar want angry about the situation.
"Dean! Emmanuel will never feel the same. He's engaged, he's in love with daphne and he's going to marry her. You are just throwing yourself a heartbreak"
"I've gotta get my dog from the vets today. You wanna come?"dean asked as he started walking out of the room. Castiel followed behind as dean led them to the kitchen so he could throw his rubbish away.
"I don't understand what's happening. Cas died. We saw him walk into that late. How did you even see him today?"sam asked and sighed
In the morning castiel woke up warm and content. He pushed the blanket off of himself and slowly sat up. His stomach muscles still ached because of the tremendous pressure they had been out under after hours of shivering from the cold rain.
Dean and sam arrive at the address in the impala. They parked out the front and dean took a deep breath.
Emmanuel nodded and dean drove to Bobby's house. Once they got inside dean yelled out sam and Bobby's names, nobody answered so Dean dragged emmanuel up the stairs and to his room.
"We gotta do something. We have to help dean. Being with emmanuel/castiel has made him so happy. We need dean back. Maybe we can try a spell or something to get cas to remember"
Dean took him into the shed which had a few cars in there. Emmanuel noticed an old vintage pickup truck. It was fairly old and was probably rusty, but boddy had restored it and it was now a glistening greeny blue colour. Emmanuel walked around it and stroked along the bonnet, dean watched as he glided his hand over the smooth metal. Then dean leaned on the side of the truck with his arms folded.
Cas stabbed the witch through her heart with his angel blade. She died and her body fell to the ground.
Dean grinned "are you asking me out?"emmanuel looked uncomfortable so Dean cleared his throat "I'm sorry that was inappropriate. No I don't have girlfiend. It's just me, Sam, Bobby and the family business"
"Alright the wedding is tomorrow. Now, me and sam can wear out FBI suits. Bobby I found yours. You are coming right?"
The pigeon was sat on the table, cooing softly as it tilted it head and looked around everywhere. Castiel slowly crept to the window and held it open. Dean crept up to the pigeon and when the bird was focused on castiel, dean lunged forwards and grabbed it. It couldn't struggle because dean held its wings down. He walked to the window with it and then held his hands open. The pigeon flew out imedietly and castiel closed the window.
"I'm just going to go and fix the couch up and put your clothes in the machine. I'll be five minutes"dean said and left the room
was all dean could think. Dean didn't notice he was fully staring at the man until he turned around and dean could see his face it cant be. The man made eye contact with dean.
It was the day of the wedding. Dean had gotten up early and sat on the sofa for hours just watching the tv. His mood had changed since the last night. He was now moody and sad. He eventually got dressed into his suit and thought about not going to the wedding at all. But then he remembered it was the last time he would see cas and he had to go, he owed him that.
Dean: do you want to come and meet my friend Bobby tomorrow. You could come here and we could have a few beers, you know, now we are friends and all.
The next day emmanuel asked Dean to go over so he lied to sam and Bobby and told them he was seeing the girl from the bar. He pulled up outside the house and walked up the door whilst smiling widely. He knocked on and through the window he could see emmanuel walking to the door. He but his bottom lip and once emmanuel answered he pulled dean by his collor and kissed him. He pulled him into the house and then looked the door as they kissed.
"Of course, Dean." Cas took his time setting the paper and pen next to him before reaching into his pocket to grab his phone. He swiped through, finding the suit he had ordered for himself. "You have to promise not to laugh, Dean."
Cas lead them to a slightly smaller furnace closer to one of the benches. "This is a glory hole. There's one that goes with each bench..."
“Nair. In your shampoo bottle. You’ll never see it coming.” Dean smiled as he ran his fingers through Cas’ hair.
“We went to the river and found the spot that the most activity was reported. Kaia made the offering; I did the talking.” Claire pushed herself on her elbows. “It grabbed me and tried to pull me in the river.”
Charlie rolled her eyes before lighting the joint and taking a puff. She gestured to Dean, asking if he wanted some, and he held his hands up. “Thanks, Red, but no thanks. I gotta stay sober for this hell hole.” She shrugged and passed the joint to Ash. “Behave you two, and I’ll keep the end-of-day discards for you.”
Sam chugged some of his drink. "Interesting. And how would you know that, Jerk? Cause you were still asleep when he left. He walked out with me when I went on my run."
“Heal him!” Sam looked at Cas, wondering why the angel - who was as equally smitten with his brother - hadn’t already done so.
“Ready, Dean?” Cas asked, his soft but broad smile pulling Dean back from the strange place his mind had wandered. “You mentioned that you liked pie. What if I told you I know where to get the best pie in Lawrence?”
"Dean." Cas placed a finger over Dean's lips, effectively stopping him from talking. "Sam merely asked why I was in your room. Then when I said I was leaving a note, he pointed out that I obviously forgot that I was wearing your pajama pants."
Dean sighed. While he hadn’t forgotten the three words Cas said before the Empty claimed him, Cas had, and Dean had no idea how to broach the topic. He looked in the rearview mirror, trying to ignore the bags under his eyes, before rubbing his hand down his face. “One day at a time.” Dean made his way out of the driver seat and joined Cas at the trunk. “You let Claire know we’re here?”
Just as Cas sat back down, the day's paper in one hand, a pen in the other, and his foot up on the coffee table, Dean entered the living room. "Hey, Babe."
“And it sounds like the police are chalking it up to freak events,” Cas added. “That’s nothing new.”
Sam sat down and signed as he spoke, making sure to translate for Dean as well. "Charlie said that when she dragged your ass to the Ren Faire this summer, you were fascinated by the Glassblowing stall. So the three of us chipped in, paid for you to go to a local shop and enjoy their beginner's classes."
“Well, for what it’s worth, Dean. I’ve been in love with you for the longest time.” Dean whimpered at both Cas’ confession and the sudden lack of warmth around his cock. “Patience, Dean.” The sound of Cas’ pants coming undone piqued Dean’s interest.
"It's uh. It's nothing, Garth. I'm gonna go. Forgot that I left a pie in the oven." Dean pushed himself up and out of his seat, rushing for the exit before anyone could stop him.
“Cas!” Dean pulled back and cried out. He spilled over Cas’ hand, gasping for air. “Please, please, please.”
Ellen smiled. “You got it, Cas. I’ll bring some pops over in a moment.” She stepped away, and Dean turned his attention back to Cas, who was blushing slightly.
“He looked like a kicked puppy with his tail tucked between his legs. I have never felt so bad for a person. But rumor has it, he was flirting with Bela Talbot by last period.” Dean leaned back in his booth. “Dude, this is why I don’t go after high school girls. They don’t know what they want, and it’s not my position to tell them what that is.”
Dean turned around, and he swore that the room jumped another fifty degrees. The man - Cas - who had walked into the workspace was every single one of Dean's dream features wrapped in a modern-day Adonis. Tall, broad shoulder, thick thighs, dark brown hair, and bright blue eyes? Yep. Without a doubt, Dean was screwed.
“Cas, you alright?” Dean dropped the act as swiftly as Cas had and leaned into his hand. “What’s wrong, Sunshine?”
“Kevin?” Cas looked over his shoulder at Dean, his eyebrow raised in concern. “Are you sure that’s what John said?”
“Yeah, you did. When I suggested that Kaia or Cas needed to be the one who did it.” Dean stopped to read the park sign before settling to take the simple path around the lake. “You said ‘Absolutely not.’”
"Not at all," Balthazar replied. "Cassie isn't going to blow into that, so he can put it right back into the crucible. If he blew into it and then fucked it up, we have a mistake box that we break the glass into. That glass is then melted down and used for more artistic pieces rather than the practical pieces we also make."
Dean quickly exited the kitchen stripping his clothing as he walked the hallway to their room. He dumped his clothes into a chair and climbed up on their bed, listening to hear if Cas was behind him. As Dean heard Cas approach, he knelt onto all fours, head hanging and looking down at the comforter.
The announcement was met with cheers and congratulations before Charlie pushed off the attention to Dean.
"Please, Dean? I'll pull up the website and order you your own suit and have them ship it overnight." Cas reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. "See? Going on the website now. As soon as I can walk and put weight on my leg, I'll be right back to it."
Before Cas could respond, a song from so many years ago started playing through the speakers. Dean snorted and shook his head. “Everything okay, Dean?”
"You have no idea." Cas grabbed Dean's ass, cupping each cheek with a hand. "You are not allowed to come, Dean. Your punishment for being bratty is that your orgasm belongs to me." Cas kneaded his fingers into the muscle pulling a moan from Dean's lips. "Understood?"
“So that’s why Cas started hanging out with us?” Charlie shook her head in surprise. “I thought it was weird that he was coming home with us, but you were also a genuinely nice guy, so I figured you just offered him a ride home.”
"Dammit, Cas. Now you're just being cruel." Dean reached next to him and turned the stove off. "You want me to burn down the apartment?"
The angel looked up from running his fingers through Dean’s hair. The look in his eyes was a rare one, and it worried Sam. Cas was scared. “I know he would be more comfortable at the bunker, but I don’t know if the trip is a good idea for him in this condition. If I rest, I’ll have more grace to heal him more, and we should be okay to go home tomorrow.”
“Excuse me?” A fourth person joined their conversation, some guy Dean thankfully didn’t remember from high school. “Were you here yesterday?”
Dean lifted his arm slowly, waiting to see if Sam would smack him again, and ran his fingers through his hair. “Takes one to know one.”
“Please, Son. I’ll give you overtime. I know you need a new part for the Impala. The money from working today will get it for you.”
Cassie rolled her eyes, but her smile grew broader. “While your sarcasm is on point, it doesn’t suit you, Dean.” She reached across the counter and patted his arm. “So, tell me. How have you been?”
Dean and Cas had gotten a hold of almost every player. Those they spoke to all agreed to come to the
The water shut off, and Dean returned to the living room and stood in front of Cas. "What was that?"
“It means that you’re hot-headed and run into things gunning for a fight,” Dean replied. When Claire opened her mouth to deny it, Dean gestured with his hand for her to zip it. “While we may not want to fight it, it’s how we present ourselves, Claire. I don’t think I’d be any better to make the offering. It needs to be Kaia or Cas.”
Dean groaned as he reached for his phone. He knew it was the asscrack-of-dawn early. He didn’t even need to open his eyes to know that. And if someone was calling that early, it could only be for one thing.
A couple of hours into his work, a weak coughing fit next to him startled him out of his focus. Dean was starting to stir. Sam marked his page and closed his book before getting up and crossing to his brother. Bright green eyes began to open, trying to focus. Sam placed a hand lightly on his brother’s chest to keep him from moving or sitting up. “Hey there, Jerk. Done trying to scare us?”
Dean reluctantly stood and stripped himself out of his pajamas. He took a moment to try and remember if Cas wore clothes under the suit. After racking his brain, Dean figured that another layer of fabric between his skin and the pointy end of a bee wouldn't hurt. Dean took his time getting dressed, hoping to delay the inevitable for as long as possible. As he zipped up his jeans, he took another look at the outfit and shook his head. The things he did for love.
“It doesn’t seem your style to host a rager, Cas.” Dean smiled as he followed Cas inside. He followed Cas upstairs to his room. “So, what’s the plan?”
“Mrs. Moseley? If this is a formality, why do I need to help him?” Castiel just confirmed Dean’s suspicion. “I know Dean is smart.”
Cas pulled away and looked inside of the casket. “It’s stuck on her sleeve.” He reached in and grabbed Dean’s hand. “I’m sorry in advance. On the count of three, wail.”
Lisa nodded in confirmation. “Dean, this is Alistair Black. Alistair, this is Dean Winchester, my boyfriend.” She hugged his arm and scooched even closer to him.
Dean ran his fingers along the fabric, sighing at the beekeeper's suit lying next to him and taunting him. He dreaded going to face Cas and letting him know that he couldn't do it. Dean closed his eyes and laid back on the bed, the suit still in hand. He continued running the fabric over his skin when a memory jolted through his brain. Dean bolted up and ran to the closet. He dug through the boxes he hadn't gotten around to unpacking, smiling when he found the one he needed. Dean brought it out and opened it, feeling the material of the outfit inside. The smile on his face broadened. While slightly embarrassing, he had his solution.
"Just reminding you that your cock and your orgasm belong to me right now, boy." Cas pulled his hand back.
"You can get custom bee suits. I've seen them in blue, in black, in orange..." He watched as Dean's blush darkened. "Gabriel's is yellow and black. He thinks he's clever." Cas bit his bottom lip to keep himself from laughing.
Cas scoffed. “You do realize that a construction job of that magnitude needs more manpower than the Imperial army had. Plus, the army isn’t going to have plumbers, metal workers, computer technicians. I'll bet independent contractors were working on every aspect of the Death Star”.
Dean watched as Cas slid the pole into the furnace, twisting it deftly. He bit his bottom lip as his imagination ran wild in regards to Cas' hands.
“Dean… Please. I’m trying to right a wrong.” She looked around the mart, and after confirming it was only the two of them in the shop, she leaned forward. “I don’t want to marry Dagon.”
"That was never my intent, Dean. I meant that I can't continue this as a casual relationship." Cas tugged on Dean's hand and pulled him into his arms. "I meant that I need you to know that I love you. That I don't want to be just a fling that hides in the bedroom, waiting until we know the hallway is clear."
Dean swallowed hard. He knew that if he said yes at that given moment, that it would be the exact wrong choice Cas had warned him about. He closed his eyes and shivered, the involuntary spasm helping him shake his head no. “Come back in about an hour. Please?”
"Honestly, I'm not sure either." Dean rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly before offering to take the basket from Garth. "It's like you implied the other day. It's not like this is anything new. We've been together a while."
A small whine definitely escaped Dean as he pulled the blowpipe out of the furnace. Molten glass was gathered on the end, and Dean had a small amount of pride along with all the other emotions and feelings growing inside him.
Cassie turned back around and rested her hands on the counter. “Another chance.” She batted her eyes and smiled softly. “You have to admit, Dean, when we were together? We were so good together. We made sparks fly and cause wildfires.”
"It's a surgery, Dean. You want to be knocked out for this." Garth replied as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. He started the gas. "I'll have Bess call Sam. He can come and pick you up."
"That being said, this is how we can tell if you're inhaling on the pipe." Cas carefully snapped the balloon. "As long as you're only breathing in through your nose, this will inflate." Cas walked up next to Dean as he brought the rod to his lips. "Although, if I'm reading the situation right, I have a feeling this may be the part you excel at."
"Sam. Did you say something?" Dean slammed his hands on the table in front of him. "What the hell did you do?"
“Freeze!” A white foam blasted over the crowd as a voice called from the direction of the door. “What asshole is leading this mob?”
“Wait until you get a taste.” A shorter blonde guy came up to the two of them. “Cassie, is this Dean?”
“You’re in Minnesota? You’re not even in the fucking state?” Dean restrained himself from throwing the phone, barely remembering in time that it was Cas’ and not his. “Fuck you. You owe me huge.” He hung up the phone and forced himself to gingerly set it down on the counter.
“It’s a pleasure, Cas. I know I was just pickin’ on Dean, but it’s nice to see him use the table. That’s what it’s here for.” Dean felt heat coloring his cheeks, but he wasn’t sure why. “I know what Dean wants. What would you like?”
“I’m in a relationship, Cassie.” Dean shook his head. “I’m not cheating on my girlfriend. I’m not doing to her what you did to me.”
“Yeah. It’s taken up refuge in the Elkhorn River, right outside of town. While we’re not sure how it got here, it’s been causing all kinds of chaos.” Kaia sat down next to Dean and pointed at various spots. “Water spouts, raining frogs, pulling people into the river off the shore…” She sighed. “It injured several people and killed two.”
"You sent her a picture of my text with Cas?" Dean tossed back the rest of his whiskey and poured himself another. "What the actual hell?"
“Jesus fucking Christ, Cas!” Dean quickly wrapped his arms around Cas’ shoulders to keep him from leaving. “It was always part of the plan to have victory sex with you. That’s the best part of our hunts together. And while I’m not happy you got whammied with some kind of sex-craze spell, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t like this possessive, manhandling side of you.” Once sure Cas wasn’t trying to pull away, Dean sat up and tugged at Cas’ pants. “Now, I believe you were about to do something?”
Cas smiled, a rare show of affection from the angel, and Dean felt his face flush with warmth. "I told him what I just told you. I love you."
Dean raised an eyebrow and saw that the phone was dialing J. Winchester. “You have my dad’s number?”
“I’m not sure. Ten?” Dean watched the girl, curled up crying against Lydia’s father. “I’m a dude, and I helped raise Sam. I don’t know girls.”
Cas shook his head. “Nope.” The bell chimed, and they both looked over, with Cas the one speaking up. “Hey Ash, Charlie.”
“Cas doesn’t need to waste more grace on me. I’ll be... Hey!” Dean found himself held down in place by Sam. “Let me up.”
“So clearly, that wasn’t the catalyst. And I know that Cas went to Boston.” She shook her head. “I didn’t even know he considered staying here.”
"And that's why it's from the three of us. And if you find that you like it, Bobby's still paying you so you can save up for the next set of classes." Sam offered as a rebuttal. "Dean, I know I give you this speech every year, but for all the good things you made sure I had? Let me give back where I can, okay?"
Cas stood up before crouching down and scooping Dean into a bridal carry. “Have your blade ready. We don’t want to be caught unaware again.”
"Honestly? I'm not entirely sure at the moment." Dean holds up his hand. "I know we're friends, and I know that you care about me. I just don't know how much. It felt like I was disposable earlier."
Finding both the can and the container, Dean set them on top of the table. He quickly filled the smoke can with the ingredients - dried pine needles, dried hop flower, and burlap - before lighting it. As the fuel started to smolder, Dean looked over at the hives and swallowed. He mentally tried to pep himself up again (while trying not to feel ridiculous) and picked up the smoker. Dean blew out some smoke against his arm and, determining it wasn't all that hot, moved to the first hive. While he wasn't exactly a praying kind of man, Dean asked every deity he could think of to watch over him while he lifted the first lid. While he had been ready to run, Dean was surprised to find that none of Cas' bees flew out at him. In fact, they appeared to be calm. Much calmer than Dean felt.
“What Cas said.” Dean agreed, as he flipped through the papers. “So, you confirmed this creature is a Fomorian?”
Dean shook his head and looked at Cas. “Cas, come here.” Dean waited until Cas eased his glare off the man and walked over. “Care to enlighten me?”
“Oh, I’m fucking aware, Cas.” Dean tossed his head as he gripped the sheets tightly. “Also, hate to break it to you, but one of us is severely overdressed.”
"Dude..." Dean looked at the paperwork that was folded neatly in the card. "I mean, I appreciate this, but the classes, they're during my—"
Dean kicked at the parapet, cursing when his foot made contact. “God damned son of a bitch.” He turned and looked at the group. “I’m sorry… I…”
"Because he wants more!" Sam dragged his hand down his face. "I know you can't see what a good guy you are under the self-doubt that Dad piled on top of you, but Cas does. If anyone knows you better than me, it's Cas. He rebuilt you from the ground up. He knows you inside and out, heart, body, and soul."
“It’s okay, Cas.” Dean interrupted. He wiggled a hand free and tilted Cas’ chin up for a kiss. He pulled back and smirked. “You know. I’m not supposed to be here today.”
“Very well, Dean.” He let out a sigh of relief as Cassie pulled away slowly. “I’ll run it by Dagon anyway. I promised her I’d let her know if I made any plans while we’re here.”
“What’s the worst that’s going to happen, Cas?” Dean fidgeted with his fingernails, picking at the dead skin and cuticles. “I break up an engagement for no good reason? Just proves that I’m a shit person that doesn’t deserve good things.”
"You're so full of shit. Cas left in a pair of your pajama bottoms." Sam set the cup down and poured the rest of the blender's contents into it.  "It's also not the first morning I've seen him sneak out. I'm sure it's not going to be the last time, is it?"
“Patience, Dean.” Cas rushed outside and, after several moments, returned, the makeshift sign in his hand. Cas made sure to lock the door before returning to Dean and throwing the sign at him. “You’re fucking closed.” Dean fumbled the wadded-up fabric and dropped it on the ground. Not giving him a chance to bend over and picked it up, Cas stepped in closer and pressed their bodies together, pinning Dean’s hand over his head. “You’re mine, Dean.”
“Aww, come on, Dean!” Ash reached across the counter and tried to pat Dean’s shoulder, just to have his hand slapped away. “Holy shit.”
“Why are you bringing her into this? That’s low, Missouri.” Dean pressed his lips together in an attempt to keep his lip from trembling.
Charlie rolled her eyes and stood up, crossing over to Dean and resting her hands on his shoulders. “I told you so you wouldn’t be caught unaware. It’s been fifteen years, Dean. What are you worried about? In all our time as besties, that’s the one thing you never explained to me.”
Cas didn't rise to the bait, instead talking to the students. "There are no expectations for you to make a sphere like this today. However, the closer you can get, the easier the next two classes will be. Go to your benches. Let’s get started."
of my dreams.” Cassie corrected. “Dagon is a woman. I met her my senior year of college. We were both taking an elective—”
“No!” Dean shook his head fervently. “The only person I knew that was out of the closet back then was you, and you even stayed hidden in the back of the wardrobe until we got to KU.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I was honestly bored and hungry. I didn’t think more of it!”
“You look better.” Dean spouted out, unthinking. “I mean, you look better than me. You never lacked in looks. You look incredible…”
Cas slipped away towards the bathroom and was able to catch Dean’s attention again briefly. At least he hoped the random head nod from Dean indicated that he knew what Cas was up to. Once he entered the restroom, Cas went through the motions—hit the head, washed his hands—when the knock he knew was coming echoed through the room.
“We’ve got the cancer merchant scared!” The guy continued riling up the crowd. “We’re going to shut down this cancer merchant for good! Down with the cancer merchant!”
“Oh… uh… I uh…” Dean started stammering when a throat clearing saved him. He looked up and relaxed, a smile broadening over his face when he saw who it was. “Cas.”
“Man’s gotta have his secrets.” Dean leveled a look at her, one demanding honestly and not begging for it. “Now. Tell me. Why are you actually here?”
"Oh, hold on!" Sam pushed himself out of his seat and ran into the kitchen, coming back a moment later with an envelope in his hand. "Happy Birthday, Jerk."
“We are allowed to worry about you both.” Cas looked up from his seat at the desk, his second coffee in his hands. “We know you’re capable young women, but the ‘dad instinct’ kicked in for Dean.” He freed one hand from his cup long enough to use finger quotes before bringing the cup to his mouth for a drink.
“Boy, don’t think for one second I won’t fire your ass because you’re my son.” Dean rolled his eyes at his father’s empty threat. It probably would have worked ten years ago, but it sure as hell wasn’t going to work today. “I need you to go open the damn store.”
Dean stood in the doorway, staring after her. “Try not to suck any dicks as you head to the studio! God forbid you find number thirty-eight!” A man who had been buying weed from Ash looked over at Dean before looking in the direction Lisa walked off in. He shoved the money in Ash’s hand, grabbed his weed, and took after Lisa. “HEY! GET YOUR ASS BACK HERE!”
“She didn’t know that at the time. And just like you? She just got you back.” Dean observed Claire closely as he chose his next words. “You know, when Jody offered to take her in, the first thing she asked was if you would be there.”
“Of course. He’s Dean Winchester.” Both Victor and Dean stopped to look at her. “Also, aren’t you Victor… uh, Hendrickson, right?”
"So you and Cas... Are you together?" Sam grabbed one of his cardboard granola bars before crossing to the table and sitting down. "No judgment if you are."
It took all of Dean’s willpower to not jump out of his seat and kiss him. He licked his lips and swallowed before slowly standing up. “You, uh… You came?”
"I uh... Whatever." Dean dragged his hand down his face, Garth's comments sobering him better than any dunk in cold water ever could. "Am I good to go?"
"What?" Dean shot up, quickly scrambling to his knees and turning towards the foot of his bed. "Cas?"
Cas tilted his chin up. “And I love you, Dean.” He smiled as he leaned in to capture Dean’s lips with his own.
Dean frowned. He had hoped for the sake of whatever angel summoned Cas that the issue was crucial. It had been weeks since Cas and Dean had started sharing a bed. That had moved to sharing soft touches. And one fateful night after a bad nightmare, the dam between them had finally broken.
"I know you didn't do it on purpose! And I swear, I'm sympathetic to how you're feeling. I've been in more casts than I like to count. But Babe..." Dean's shoulders dropped, and he attempted his best pout. "I can't. They're small, and they're creepy. They're crawly. I— I can't."
“Well, Cas, I… uh…” Dean lost his train of thought as Cas pressed up against him and took aim at one of the random balls on the table. “Cas, you know how to play. That’s not the cueball.”
“Dean, I tried everyone else. Kevin can come in at Noon to take over, but I still need you to open. You’re all I got, especially after you convinced Sam to go away to college. I’m just asking for you to go in.”
“Not focusing on the ball,” Cas commented as he effortlessly sunk it into the pocket on the opposite side. “I’m focused on you and the need to get you out of here.” Cas nuzzled behind Dean’s ear, inhaling deeply and pulling a whine from him. “Need to claim you as mine.”
Cas’ face twisted into a look Dean couldn’t decipher. “Of course, Dean.” He looked down in the coffin. “She’s still beautiful.”
“Swear on my grandmother’s grave.” Frank crossed himself. “Six months ago,  I was offered a job up in Wichita. Large, beautiful house with acres of sprawling land. The job was for an add-on apartment; some call it an in-law suite. My point of sale told me that if my team could finish the job within two weeks, they’d give me a bonus that would double the cost.. Then I realized whose house it was.”
“I don’t know, kid, but we’ll figure it out.” The officer clapped him on the shoulder before walking over to his partner. A few more minutes passed as the other cop finished up with Cas. Once they were done, the shop felt oddly exposed and deafeningly quiet.
“Kevin’s on the other side of the state for the SATs. Or the ACTs. I don’t fucking remember what they use anymore. There’s no way in hell he’s going to be here by noon.”
"Hello, Castiel Novak speaking." Dean looked back over his shoulder, wide-eyed, as Cas answered the call balls deep inside of him. "Yes, hello, Mr. Mullens. I did."
“No.” Sam rolled his eyes and chuckled softly. “Did you think a demon was going to take you out that easily?”
Before they could go into any more detail with each other, a loud voice boomed through the workshop. "Good Evening, and welcome to Honey Dipper. My name is Castiel - you can call me Cas - and I'll be your instructor for the Beginner's Glass Working Class."
Victor and Sarah turned to look at Dean as the guy headed towards the exit. They turned back to Dean and looked down at the paper.
“That’s like the second time you’ve said that today.” Dean raised an eyebrow. “I’m not entirely sure what that means.”
“You were my best friend, and I yours, Dean,” Cas replied softly. After a moment, Dean felt a hand rest on his cheek and his face being lifted. “And I’m sorry I was too blinded by my feelings to realize that you didn’t feel the same.”
Dean practically whined. Despite the happy-go-lucky holiday music playing around him, it was somber. He hated the Dentist’s office, and it didn't matter that he would be in the hands of one of his closest friends.
"Yes. I've been all over the industry. Started out as a copywriter for a small website. Moved my way up to Lead Editor at my last position." Cas dragged his short nails down Dean's back. Dean arched down in response, and Cas thrust deep into him again. Stars formed behind Dean's eyes, and he brought his hand to his mouth. He bit down on the fleshy part of his thumb, desperate to keep his noise to a minimum.
"I wasn't. They're very sweet. I like to think that they look forward to when their hives are taken care of." Cas watched Dean walk past until he couldn't turn anymore. The water in the kitchen turned on, and it sounded as though Dean was washing his hands. "How did my suit fit you?"
Charlie shrugged. “Sam figured that you were making actual friends and was happy for that. Besides, he was wrapped up in what’s her face? That Ruby chick.”
"Yuck it up, Cas. You still have a week and a half before this mouth gets anywhere near..." Dean gestured at Cas' crotch. "So it's your loss, really."
“Hey, at least remember he came to his senses, and you’re getting a sister-in-law.” Charlie rested her head on his shoulder. “Enough about Eileen, though, as much as I adore her. You explained Cas joined the friend group, but not what happened.”
Lydia had been good for him— may she rest in peace. They were never destined to stay together; they both knew that, but they healed each other, filled a void. Their parting was amicable, and while they promised to keep in touch, it never truly happened. Still, she was the person he needed at the time.
"Dude, Cas.” Dean walked up to the coffin but kept his eyes on Cas. “You’ve gotta know you're always my first choice."
“Let me finish? Please? I’m not mad at you. I just… Shit. When Jack told me there was a way to get you out, I couldn’t be stopped. Even Sam thought I was a mad man because of how quickly I worked to get you out.” Dean ran his thumb over Cas’ knuckles. “And then when you were topside? I was ready— God, was I ready —to tell you what you didn’t get the chance to hear.”
“Then I promise, I’ll be your last.” Cas readjusted his hand, positioning it to wrap around their cocks as much as possible. He pressed a kiss against Dean’s ear before whispering. “Next time, I will take you apart piece by tiny piece before building you up again. But right now? I am marking you. I am claiming you.”
“This is nice, Cas,” Dean commented after Gabriel walked away. “I guess I’ve dragged you to the Roadhouse enough that it’s my turn to meet the family, huh?”
Later that afternoon, a knock at the door brought the boys down from their sexual high and scrambling to get dressed. While it was never unusual for Cas to be at Dean's place or vice versa, they usually had a warning that someone else was coming.
“Dammit. I thought I had it.” The lilt of Dean’s voice carried over the rest of the rabble of the bar. It didn’t matter where they were, how far apart they were from one another; Cas knew he could always find Dean. He stole another glance at his hunter, the bright, peridot green meeting his blue for the briefest of moments. Dean stifled a smile as he focused on the person he thought was their creature. “No one else has put money down. Double or nothin’?”
Dean risked a glance over at Cas, who was making a point of focusing on his coffee. He turned back to the girls and held up his hands in surrender. “Hey, listen. Claire’s safe, you’re safe, and Cas and I are here to help. We can look over your research. I’ll call up Sam, and we’ll figure out how to deal with the Fomorian, okay?”
“She’s still got you whipped, I see,” Cas smirked as he nodded his appreciation to Charlie. “If you don’t mind?”
"So, are you just wasting the glass?" Krissy asked, her eyes focused on the glass as Cas twisted the rod.
Dean set the basket on the table and crossed over to the couch, curling up with Cas. After a few moments of companionable silence, Dean looked at Cas. "Why are we still hiding?"
“What?” Cassie responded, clearly confused until she looked over her shoulder. “Oh. Castiel.” She stood up straight and watched Dean for a moment before looking at Cas. “Huh.”
He rubbed at his eyes, letting them readjust. He looked down at Cas' side of the bed and found a note lying on his pillow.
Dean's hand shot out and rested on Cas' shoulder. "You have not been reading this wrong. I was afraid I was reading you wrong." Dean stood up. "You basically had me sold the moment you said 'glory hole.'"
“It’s the siren, Dean.” Cas started to rock again, each thrust dragging against Dean’s prostate and causing him to cry out in excitement. “You look beautiful beneath me, Dean.”
Dean jabbed his finger in Sam's direction. "You... You don't know what you're talking about." He turned and started to storm off, stopping only to backtrack and grab his coffee before retreating to his room.
“I will.” Cas fiddled with keys for a moment before looking at Dean. With his cold, blue eyes piercing into Dean’s very soul, Cas said only three words before exiting the store. “Make good choices.” Cas nodded towards Cassie and shook his head, causing Dean to think about the message that was being delivered.
Exactly!” Cas nodded and offered his hand down to Dean. “The only way to complete the Death star quickly and without anyone knowing, they would have needed to hire anybody and everybody who was qualified. An average stormtrooper isn’t going to be the person you want installing a toilet.” He pulled Dean to his feet. “Hell, they can barely hit the broadside of a barn, and they were literally trained for fighting!”.
“Charlie’s mentioned that a few times. She said you were there for her when she came out of the closet.”
Dean closed his eyes and struggled as he took in a deep breath. He held up the hand that was lying down by his side to gesture to Sam to keep sitting. He exhaled slowly, triggering a coughing fit.
“My grace is no good to me if you’re dead, Dean.” Cas closed his eyes, straining as he furthered his own exhaustion.
"Is it my loss?" Cas walked Dean backward, pinning him against the counter. "Cause the last time you gave me a blow job, you were the one begging to wrap your lips around my cock for a taste."
Dean tapped on the bed, and Cas leaned down, melding against Dean's back as he reached under and wrapped his hand around the base of Dean's cock, squeezing it. "I'm sorry, one moment Mr. Mullens. My cat is trying to get into the office with me." Cas stroked Dean's cock before bringing his fingers to Dean's mouth and shoving them inside. "Suck, Dean, and stay quiet."
Some unknown time later, Dean woke up out of his stupor. His mouth was dry, and the only thing he could remember was that he had a strange dream about tap dancing with a lamp and blamed it on the trip from Garth's gassing.
“Tried?!” Kaia replied, and Dean could hear the exasperation in her voice. “He pulled you in and under, Claire!”
Once everyone arrived, Cas pulled everyone over to the large furnace again. "As I promised last week, this will be the week you learn to blow. I'm going to demonstrate a successful blow, and then we are going to practice breathing through your nose while you have the pipe in your mouth. Once Gabriel, Balthazar, or myself determine that you're not inhaling through your mouth while blowing, we'll move to having glass on the blow pole."
“You’re not poisoned…” Cas looked over to Dean’s opponent before storming over and pressing two fingers against the man’s temple. “And you are not a siren.”
“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING?” The room behind them exploded, their fellow mourners crying out in outrage.
“Just make sure he keeps breathing.” Cas sat next to Dean, his finger trailing down the hunter’s cheek. “He should be ok with one functioning lung, but we need to make sure that any air that escaped the punctured lung doesn’t prevent the other one from inflating.”
—and raised his arms like a preacher on Sunday. “Friends, let me tell you about another group of hate mongers who were just following orders! Nazis! And they practically killed off all the Jews on the planet, just like the cigarette companies are trying to eradicate you!”
“Sounds good, Cas.” Dean quickly skimmed through the menu, picking his dinner, and waited for Cas. “So, how did the rest of your day go? We didn’t really get to talk today like we usually do.”
“Right. Well, good luck with that.” Ash turned to Charlie, who rolled her eyes and pulled a joint out of her jacket. “Aw, fuck yeah. That’s my platonic lesbian lifemate.”
“Andrea never did that with Alistair. She doesn’t do anything with customers, and she’s been in love with Benny for a long time.” Lisa cringed as soon as the words left her mouth.
Blue eyes—glassy and darkened by lust—glared up at Dean. “Too much talking.” He wrapped his lips around Dean’s cock and started to slowly work his way down the length, pulling a litany of curses from his hunter’s mouth.
“Oh, hell no, Cas.” Dean chuckled breathlessly. “You are not apologizing for that.” He cupped Cas’ chin and pulled him up for another kiss, softer and sweeter than the fervent, demanding ones from before. “It may have been a shitty circumstance, but that was easily one of our top five.”
“Boy, do you even know what you’re apologizing for?” She crooked a finger, summoning Dean to her. “I am disappointed, but I’m not sure you know why.”
Sam looked up from the phone and smiled at his brother. "You're upset over this?" He reread the conversation and took a screenshot, texting it to himself. "There is nothing to be upset over here. This is a good thing!" Sam picked up his phone and sent the screenshot to Eileen, adding on, "Dean thinks Cas wants to leave."
Dean turned, slowly facing the small crowd. Lydia’s father was on his feet, seething, and her daughter was bawling, curled up in a ball. Dean’s heart sunk. He wanted nothing more than to go and scoop the girl up in his arms and hug her.
"Good boy." Without warning, Cas spread Dean's ass and dragged his tongue along the puckered hole, causing Dean to cry out in surprise.
"I'd be more than happy to come in for an interview. Just tell me... Now? On the phone? Of course. I'm free if you are." Cas pulled back out and, for a brief moment, Dean thought that Cas was ending the scene. "Yes, that's correct. Both my Bachelor's and Master’s are from Boston University." Cas slid back in and nailed Dean right in his prostate, causing Dean to slap his hand over his mouth to keep from crying out.
“I mean clearly. Cas still hung out with us for another couple of months after that.” She gestured for him to continue.
Dean climbed out of bed and grabbed his robe. If it was going to be a miserable morning, the least he could do was get his coffee fix and try and make the best of it.
"Not like that's going to happen, Sir, but you could just keep doing whatever you were doing. You claim to be a multitasker. Would be a good time to prove it."
“I tried asking him about it.” Dean’s shoulder’s sagged in defeat. “I was ready to tell him. We had just pulled him back. I had my arms around him, telling him I had him, telling him that he was safe. When I asked him if he remembered what had happened, he said the last thing he remembered was Billie trying to break down the door.”
“Yeah, I’m good.” Cas’ typically low voice cracked, causing him to cough and clear his throat. “I’m okay. Promise.”
"I did." Cas turned the phone back to himself and smiled at the inflatable unicorn costume on his screen. "It was very clever."
“Why are you so hostile to me?” Cassie’s face twisted into a pout. “We had good times together, didn’t we?”
“You heard me, Dean. Dean, seriously. I need you to hear me out. The first Death Star, it was complete. The only people on there were Imperialists, right?” Cas looked down at Dean, his blue eyes piercing and mischievous. “It was storm troopers, sith lords, Darth Vader, right?”
“Dick ‘Leviathan’ Roman?” Cas leaned forward, intrigued. “You mean the untouchable businessman with unproven ties to the mob?”
“I WAS EIGHTEEN, CHARLIE!” Dean rubbed his shoulder, wincing as he rolled it. “Damn, I’m not going to be able to use my sword arm at the next LARP.”
“Cas, what’s your problem, man?” Reaching over the table, Dean grabbed some of the pool balls and started racking them up. “You’re acting weird, and that’s saying something.”
Dean skeptically raised an eyebrow and was ready to question Cas’ response when Gabriel returned with their meals. They ate in somewhat comfortable silence, only talking to comment on the food or when Gabriel came to check on them. Once they finished, Cas reached into his pocket and pulled out some cash. He explained that he wasn’t going to ask for a free meal from a new restaurant, and when Dean tried to help cover the costs, Cas shut him down completely.
Charlie wrapped her arms around Dean’s shoulders and hugged him tightly. “You know, Dean. It doesn’t help that you don’t really have an excuse to not go tonight. Who’d have thought we were so excited to get out of here…”
“I got it, Cas,” Dean gritted through his teeth. His fingers hooked around the keys, but when he tried to pull, they wouldn’t budge. “The fuck?”
Cas how to make that shot. But tonight, it was all part of the plan. There was a creature—possibly a pair—going after people in the area.
Dean inhaled sharply at Cas' comment, sucking the balloon up into the pipe. He coughed and looked at Cas, who was chuckling, and damn if that sound didn't make his cock jump in excitement.
“Don’t make me get a ruler. Get out of here and take Castiel with you. He missed his bus to find out he’s tutoring you.” Missouri sat down behind her desk. “Now, Dean Winchester, or so help me.”
“Yeah, yeah. Thanks, Sunshine.” Dean watched as Cas walked out the door and let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He leaned over the counter, practically laying on top of it, and grabbed the paper Cas had put back. He quickly found the wedding announcements and read over it.
Unlike the first class, when the week prior dragged because Dean was so excited, the week before the second class flew by. Dean was nervous as hell and could only hope that he hadn't embarrassed himself. He hadn't received any phone calls saying he couldn't come back, so he did take that as a small win.
"Define a while?" Garth asked before backtracking. "I mean, only if you want. I already caused enough issues."
Dean shook his head and pressed back against Cas, hoping to get free before he met an embarrassing release. “That was a part of the plan, Cas. I’m yours and only yours, but we needed to find the creature.”
"Perfect." Cas gestured to the third bench, and, for half a second, Dean could have sworn that Cas looked him up and down. "That's where we'll be working."
“It wasn’t exactly secret, Dean,” Sarah replied. “I mean, think about it. I know it was a long time ago, but you spent so much time apart by the end of the school year. It was no surprise when she was on the arm of Cole for the rest of the year.”
Dean refused to budge and laughed. “Whatever you need to say to help you sleep at night. Besides, you jumped right into bed with Cole while with me. I must not have been that good.”
He pulled into his spot and took a quick look around. No one was outside, and it didn't look like anyone was peeking out their windows. Dean made the quick sprint from his car to his apartment. Stepping inside, he realized that he smelled like smoke. Knowing that he could kill two birds with one stone, Dean made his way to the bathroom, stripping out of his clothes on the way. He turned on the shower and closed his eyes, picturing Cas vividly.
Garth held up his hands in defense. "I'm not making that mistake again, but if I can ask another question. Why? Why hide it from us? We're your family. We love you guys unconditionally."
Cas shoved Dean against the counter and pinned him there. “Now you listen to me, Dean Winchester. All I ever hear from you is how life shits on you.” He flicked Dean’s ear. “I get it. I hear you. But everything you think is bad? Isn’t.” Cas stepped back and took Dean’s hand, pulling him back to standing. “You chose to stay behind. You wanted for Sam to get out of here and escape your father. You could have left too. While I’m glad you didn’t, you could have gotten a full ride too. You didn’t have to choose community college.” He gestured around the store. “And all this? You’re the one who thinks that working here will make your father proud of you!”
If Mrs. Moseley’s look could kill, Dean would be dead, cremated, and his ashes tossed in the wind. “I said don’t sass me.” Her eyes flickered to the door. “I know you got a full ride to KU. You tryin’ to throw it away?”
"No. Absolutely not. That was agreed upon when you asked me to move in, Cas!" Dean looked at his boyfriend, broken leg propped up on the ottoman. "Look, you endeared yourself to me with your love of those little fuzzy stinger bugs, but they're sure as hell not endearing!"
“Yeah. If you’re buying, get in line, please.” Dean turned back to Victor and Sarah. “Wait. Hold on. You knew she was cheating on me?”
“Stop solving my damn puzzles, man.” Dean double-checked the hint and space before rolling his eyes. “I would have gotten there eventually.”
"That's good." Cas tried his best to suppress the smirk forming on his lips. "I did order it for you. And I got myself a new suit while I was at it so that we could match."
Which is why he tried desperately to get out of dinner with Sam. He knew that Sam meant well. Dean had practically raised Sam, and while Dean didn't expect anything in return, Sam insisted on giving back where he could. That included the dinner birthday party that Sam had insisted on having. Luckily, Dean had convinced Sam to have a small dinner with just the two of them and Sam's wife Eileen at their house. That guaranteed there would be no embarrassing songs from the staff, like the years prior had brought.
For some strange reason, that gesture instantly lit a fire in Cas, causing him to growl at the other man. Dean’s head snapped towards Cas while the other guy looked like he wanted to run. “Thanks for the games, dude. I know what to watch out for next time.” Dean’s opponent grabbed his twenty and hurried to the bar and away from them.
“Yep. She’s in the bathroom.” Cas looked up at the clock. “She’s been in there for a while, though.”
“You know what, Cas?” Dean stepped even closer to Cas despite knowing he shouldn’t. “You’re right. I don’t deserve anything good.”
“And we refunded you, and you got the next batch that was—” Ash pressed his fingers to his lips in a chef’s kiss. “—perfection.” Charlie nodded in agreement.
But for now, Dean lets himself live in this one moment, this perfect moment in time as he watched Cas’s face light up like a diamond as he moves within him, Cas screaming his name like it’s the most reverent thing he can say. Now, he will shake with the emotions that are still raging through him, the happiness and joy and
The man turned around suddenly and Cas had to stop the gasp that wanted to escape him. Dean looked terrible, his eyes bloodshot and the shadows under his eyes practically black. His stubble had grown in longer than he usually kept it and his hair was in disarray, like he’d been endlessly running his hands through it. Frankly, he looked like hell, and Cas couldn’t help the feelings of concern crescendo into fear. Something had happened, something bad.
He pushes down the anxiety and doubt and self-hatred that threatens to rise with the words, which is usually impossible. He finds that those feelings are currently being battled away, quite savagely, by the million-watt grin he sees rise on the shining face before him.
“Dean... Dean, I’m sorry. I-I’m sorry, I should have- but I didn’t know- I didn’t know if you would... if you’d want... when I- I left you looked- dammit. I don’t know, Dean. I don’t-“
Castiel sat in the booth in his brother’s coffee shop, hands cradling a warm cup of coffee. He had just gotten off work, the shop having closed for the night an hour beforehand. Even Gabriel had left, telling Cas to lock up when he left. But still he sat, thinking about everything and nothing, waiting. The clock had just passed 9 PM when he heard the telltale sound of a bell ringing, followed by footsteps coming closer to his booth. He let out a small smile as he looked up into amused green eyes.
“Yeah, traffic wasn’t as bad as usual. People can get crazy during the holiday season, I’ll tell you that.” Dean said with a mock shudder, his eyes shining lightly.
“So… are you… okay?” Cas questioned hesitantly after a moment, not sure if Dean would want him to ask. But he felt that he should.
Dean gave Cas a nod of thanks, absentmindedly bringing the cup up to his lips and taking a long sip. Another minute passed in silence as Cas waited before Dean finally spoke.
Thanks for all the feedback on this story!! I'm really glad that y'all liked it as much as y'all have. :-D
The pause that Cas takes before speaking feels endless, infinite, everlasting, and yet all too short, all at once. He’s long since come to accept that everything with Cas will feel like that. Even back when he’d been alive.
There are more, here, an endless parade of the people he’d loved and the people he’d lost. More names and faces than even a timeless being has time to name. And they’re all here. Together. Forever.
“I should go. Sammy’s expecting me to call him soon, to let him know that I’m okay.” Dean said, his eyes glazing over with sadness once more. Cas knew that he’d never truly get over his father’s death, but he could only hope that one day it would be easier for him to handle. And as he watched Dean smile softly at him one last time before leaving the shop, he hoped that maybe, just maybe, he’d be able to help him.
With a casual twist of his hips, Dean saunters over to the table, keeping his gaze carefully ahead of him, even as his body longs to turn towards Cas and never turn away again. Best to not make a total fool of himself. Not yet at least. He feels more than hears Cas follow behind him, the ever-present energy that Cas gives off making his spine shiver not quite unpleasantly.
Cas just stared at him for a moment, at a loss of what to do. He’d never been good with people, and this wasn’t just anyone. This was Dean Winchester, the only bright part of his day. Of his life. He had to get this perfect. He had to.
(And, of course, he knows that’s a lie. He’d once thought he’d left lying to himself behind, back with his anger and hatred and pain, but it seems this empty feeling inside of him has brought that character trait back. Because now, he constantly finds himself lying not just to himself, but to his family, like he’s human again and his bitter rage is drowning him once more. He hates it, hates it so much it chokes him when the thoughts get too heavy and won’t leave him be, but he has no idea how to get rid of it.)
Despite the fact that he was the one to start this whole conversation, he starts when he hears that familiar rumble, no longer wretched and unrecognizable, but as warm and familiar as life. He craves it.
“I’m sure I’ll be able to take the time off.” Cas replied, grinning now. Dean glared at him without heat, before getting up.
“No, Dean. That-that’s not... that’s not... it’s not. Punishment, this was never- never punishment. I thought... Dean, I thought... oh, but it doesn’t matter what I thought, does it? You... y-you were supposed to be happy. Content. The h-heaven you deserve. Your reward for all the pain a-and heartache you’ve been through. I did this for
Psyching himself up, Dean manages to look up at Cas with his trademarked cocksure grin, the look feeling only the tiniest bit strained, as he spreads out along his side of the table. He pushes down the wave of emotion that passes through him at the tiny smirk Cas gives at his display and instead nods, giving his dearest friend a significant look.
As he drives, he doesn’t let any thoughts enter his head. He doesn’t allow any feelings into his heart. For once, rage and anger aren’t dominating through him. Neither is sorrow and pain. For once, he feels nothing but the simple joy of riding in his car, his Home, with nothing to worry about anymore. No pressing issues he has to worry about, no Big Bad looming over his head, no Monster of the Week lurking around the next corner. All he has to worry about now is the road and the feel of his Baby beneath him, nothing more.
“Whatever, jerk. And I... I don’t know. Maybe... well. I’d like to see Bobby. Maybe we can start there?”
He can see the way Sam’s eyes widen at the news, a startled smile starting to bloom on his lips. The expression freezes after a moment, before returning to that confused frown once more.
“I know it looks like crap, but I, uh, hope you like it.” Dean muttered, handing the present over with a blush on his cheeks. Cas smiled as he looked down at the unexpected present. It wasn’t very big, about the size of his palm, but the fact that Dean got him something made it feel precious.
So maybe that was why he broke the silence, his words faulting and halting and false and wrong. He wants to know what happens now. Where they go from here. Where they can possibly go from here. If there is anywhere for them to go, together, anymore.
“Well, you’re in luck, Dean. Because I fucking love you, too. And nothing would make me happier than having this. You and me. Forever.”
“Alright, Castiel. Tell me. What the hell have you been up to all this time, huh? You don’t call. You don’t write. Makes a girl feel neglected. So, tell your story, eh?”
It’s Dean’s turn to laugh, and if a couple of tears slip past his eyes, Cas is kind enough to not call attention to it. Instead, he just continues to look at Dean like he hung the sun, the moon, and the stars, for good measure. It makes him lean down to press another kiss to those wondrous lips. It’s not enough. It’ll never be enough.
And he’s sure, once this drive is over, once he finally takes a minute to pause, the memories will return to the forefront of his mind. The memories of his pain and his loss and his fear. The memories of all he has lost and all he has failed. After all, if someone only ever felt happiness and joy, how could they ever truly appreciate it? So, he knows the feelings will return eventually, knows that nothing lasts forever, not truly.
Dean finally feels the tension inside of him snap and it is with eyes that are blinded by the emotion he feels that he turns around abruptly, brushing away the hand that is still awkwardly hovering over his shoulder. Finally, the dam breaking and the levee overflowing, he lets the emotion he’s been carrying for literal centuries loose.
“Ah, no. It, uh. It wasn’t, well. It didn’t, um. Didn’t take long. After. But... I...” Cas sighs, shaking his head and looking down at the hands he’s folded on the table, his fingers interlaced. “I had things to do. After. See, while Jack had brought me back partially due to our familial bond, there was another thing he needed, something he said he could trust only me to do. Jack, well. He didn’t want to be hands on with Earth or Heaven. Not like Chuck. He wants to be a better guardian, a silent but loving observer. Helping only when utterly necessary. But there are certain aspects of life that do need constant care to work. Heaven is one of them.
“Alright, bitch. Enough sap. Let’s get going, eh? We’ve got our unlives ahead of us, now. Where do you want to go first?”
Cas hums, pressing his hand further to his shoulder blade, his other hand drifting down to his right hip.
Sam looks so confused that he almost wants to laugh. He holds it in, though, and just shrugs again as he looks back at his Baby, her black paint shining in the fake sun.
The only sound that follows his declaration is the sound of rain and the distant thunder, rolling ever closer. He can feel the energy behind him vibrating, can see the glow behind him growing brighter and brighter and he knows. He knows what he’ll see if he turns around. But he can’t. He can’t. He won’t.
And he is, as strange as it sounds. He has a subtle glow, a shine that surrounds him and envelopes him in every way. It takes the age-old familiar features that are engrained in his heart and elevates them to the max. He also notices a flash of something behind Cas and he can only stare at the giant wings he sees, no longer broken and battered as he knows they once had been. Not that he’s ever seen them before, not really, but he knows that his wings burning had hurt Cas in ways the angel could never fully put into words but that Dean could see during the quiet moments they would often share. Now, the wings are shining and bright behind the familiar trench coat, a dark iridescent black with galaxies hiding within them. It takes his needless breath away and his nonexistent heart stutters in his make-believe chest, and for that moment he’s human again, seeing this monumental angel for the first time, his heart racing with both fear and awe.
“I figured that was it, you know. And I didn’t regret it. I still don’t. You... well. I didn’t regret it. And if that was it, if that was my end... I was content. Happy, even. Saving you... that was what mattered to me. If I died, well. At least I died with purpose.”
to me, Dean Winchester. I-I know you’re angry, I k-know you’re fucking furious, but don’t... I thought you- you weren’t as cruel as this. But maybe you’re right. Maybe I’ve never known you at all.”
Dean trails off as he looks out at Heaven, the vast space open before him filled with souls of the ones he loves most. It’s beautiful here, in a way that he could never hope to explain. So, he doesn’t even bother to try and just allows himself to exist in a way he never could while alive. He can feel Sam relax beside him, some mild confusion still there, but the tension rapidly fading and a soft smile rising on his now timeless face.
“Sit down.” Cas commanded as he walked behind the counter in order to begin a brew of coffee. Several tense minutes passed as the smell of bitter coffee filled the air, Dean sitting hunched over in a booth, looking nothing like his usually proud self. It filled Cas with a dread that he ignored, as he waited in silence for the coffee to brew. Finally it was ready and Cas could stall no more, bringing a cup of it over to Dean’s table, along with one sugar and one cream.
I also made some minor edits to the story, adding some extra lines of description and dialogue, to make things flow a little better and to fix some pacing and plot errors that bugged me. It's nothing major, but there are some changes, so just a heads up.
In the end, all the conflicting desires cancel out inside him and he finds himself stammering out words that he doesn’t quite mean to say. Cas doesn’t call him out on it, at least. He’s too busy looking ashamed to really notice the awkward fumbling. He doesn’t know when he turned back to look at Cas. Maybe he never actually looked away.
“Dean... Dean,” he hears Cas call, his baritone desperate in a way he’s never heard, not even all those other desperate times. It makes him want to curl into a ball and disappear forever, shame and self-hatred and pain his only companions. But before he can even think about backing away, he feels his jaw get clasped in what would have been a bruising grip had he been alive, but here is just grounding. Comforting. He gasps again when he feels a warm thumb brush tentatively across his cheek with purpose, the tears he hadn’t felt fall being brushed away with an aching tenderness. The motion just makes more tears fall, but they, too, get brushed away. The world is still a blur, and all he can see is blue, blue, blue.
He... it’s good, Dean thinks, grinning and slapping the man with the same name as him on the back heartily. He’d died of natural causes, survived by his own three children and wife, in a world that was normal as normal could be. He’d never became a hunter, though he’d known of the creatures that went bump in the dark, which had made Dean almost want to cry, back when his brother had informed him of that fact, heart so relieved at knowing the cycle had finally ended. The man’s arrival is met with silent joy from his brother, with his mom and dad gathering around the grandson they, too, never got to meet.
He knows time has passed. Obviously, he does. But maybe time isn’t the best judge anymore, because the space of time that bridges the moment he finally saw Castiel’s true face and this moment, in which the pair is back on the shoreline, Cas wearing Jimmy’s borrowed face once more... it was both an infinity and an instant. And that’s just not possible, he feels.
He doesn’t notice it immediately, as focused he is on not breaking down like an infant, but after a moment (he assumes), he begins to feel it. It... he doesn’t know how to describe it, at first, a frown alighting his face as he slowly looks up and stares across the glassy lake, the hairs along his back standing up for the first time since he’d died. He didn’t even know they could still do that anymore. The lake is as still as ever, an endless mirror, and he frowns as he contemplates the change he feels in the usually stagnant air.
The words cut him deeply and he can’t help the ragged breath he takes as he turns and marches further along the lakeshore, body shaking so badly he doesn’t know how he’s even able to stay upright. He stops a few meters away. Far enough to have space, but not too far that he can’t feel that blessed, cursed energy. A bitter laugh escapes his lips, and he doesn’t know what he’s even laughing at. The situation, maybe. After all. It’s so funny. Isn’t it? After centuries he finally gets to see his angel (
It’s funny, he thinks, staring into the endless water of the glossy lake before him, skipping stones as he’s taken to doing when he finds himself alone. It’s so very funny. There’s no one left to wait for now that Sam’s son has arrived. Their family is all caught up, the whole gang back together again, so there’s no one left to be missing so keenly, so entirely, so... desperately.
However, Cas knew that the past couple weeks would not have been easy for Dean, since it was the anniversary of his father’s death. He had wanted to be there for Dean during that time, but when Dean had told him of his plans to spend the time with his brother, alone, Cas understood.
Of course, all of their other friends have joined them during the years, Sam’s wife having arrived decades before, but this is one he has been waiting for, for a while. The last of his immediate family, the one he’d never met but knew as intimately as if he’d been there all along. After all, he’d heard every tale Sam had to offer. Another missing piece slots into place inside him, here, the family finally reunited.
It’s subtle, but due to the intensity in which he’s staring at the angel with (not to mention the decade of practice he’s had at deciphering that once expressionless face), he can see the tiny flinch Cas gives at the words, at the unspoken accusation. If he were a better man, he wouldn’t feel the flash of satisfaction that the shamefaced expression on Cas’s face gives him. Good thing he’d never pretended to be a better man.
“What, Cas?” Dean rasps, cutting off the rambling words, heart clenching at the way Cas’s eyes are radiating sorrow and heartbreak and
“Wow, that’s... that’s incredible. I... God, I’ve missed you, Dean. All these years, wondering if you were alright, if I should have ignored your request... I... I’m so happy. For you, for everyone. I never forgot you, you know. I thought of you every day. A-and I... I...”
And so, for the first time, he doesn’t hold back, doesn’t listen to the voice that tries to tell him he can’t have it, can’t have this. With a slow smile that brightens as the centuries pass, a strange relief entering his heart even as terror wars with it, Dean slowly lifts his hand and bridges the miles between them and clasps Cas’s cheek so tenderly in his palm that he wants to cry, but he doesn’t. Instead, he just smiles, shrugging his careless shrug and hopes that the panic and preliminary regret isn’t visible.
Eventually, this all will come to pass. Eventually, Dean, and Cas, and Sam, and Bobby, and John, and Mary, and Charlie, and Jo, and Ellen, and Rufus, and Kevin, and Pamela, and Jody, and Claire, and everyone, everyone,
The reunions aren’t as painful as he might have once thought, back when he’d been alive. It makes sense, he feels. This is heaven, after all. But now that he’s finally done waiting, now that he can begin processing the life he’d left behind, he realizes he can still feel the full spectrum of human emotion. Anger and sorrow are still there, he knows they are. They’re just... not as important. Not as powerful as they’d once been, centuries ago, when he’d been alive.
“I prayed to you, Cas. Don’t you dare lie and tell me you didn’t hear. I know you did. I know you did. I prayed and I begged you to come back. To talk to me, to explain. I prayed and prayed and prayed, and you never came. So, why now? Why now, after all this time? What was special about this moment? Did I... did I pass the test? Did I make up for how fricking stupid I was, all those years, not realizing- not- fuck. Did I pass, Cas? Can I be forgiven for letting you die thinking that I didn’t- that I wasn’t- that only you... can I be forgiven, Cas, for letting you die like that? Can I?”
He hears Cas gasp, something caught between a sob and a laugh, and it’s all Dean can do to bury his head in a warm shoulder, feathers wrapping firmly around him, hiding his bare frame from view. Not that anyone is watching.
The wounded and heartbroken look on Cas’s face almost makes him want to stop, to calm down and apologize, but now that the dam is broken, he knows that there’s no way of stopping this flood. The anger and rage and pain that has been artificially hidden for so long by this paradise is finally loose and, for the first time in eons, he truly, truly feels alive.
And yet, no matter how much time passes (or doesn’t pass, he doesn’t even know anymore), no matter how content and full he knows he feels, he can’t quite shake that feeling, which grows steadily the more that the infinite expanse of time stretches before him. The almost anxious feeling that something isn’t quite right. The silently terrified feeling that this all cannot last. The achingly empty feeling that something is, well...
Sam gets to see his own group of people, too. It does get to him, when he watches Sam see Jess for the first time, his baby brother crying as he’s reunited with his once love. He knows that Sam married, had a son (named after him, which makes him beam with pride), but he also knows that his brother never quite got over the pain at losing his first major love, the catalyst for everything. Seeing them together, reunited after all this time... it’s good.
“Tomorrow? After you get off of work, we could go to that restaurant you like. Ever since I told him, Sam’s been dying to meet you, so I don’t think he’d mind.”
“Hey, stranger. Fancy seeing you here.” Dean grinned as he took a seat beside him, kissing him gently.
“What do I want? Fuck if I know, Cas. Fuck if I know. I’ve had centuries to figure my shit out and I just- I just can’t. This wasn’t- this wasn’t supposed to happen. None of this was supposed to- fuck. I was straight. I
Truth be told, he did not particularly enjoy this job. Whoever did, honestly? Dealing with ungrateful people, always in a hurry, never able to be still for even a second. Far different from himself, who could go hours without moving, just experiencing life and the beauty around him. But his brother had needed the help, and he needed the money. Besides, it wasn’t all bad, he thought as he spotted his favorite customer.
The silence deafens him, the only sound he can hear the phantom heartbeat he shouldn’t have but does because it comforts him, and anything he wants he can have here.
“It was just… The thing was, even though I knew it would happen, someday, I never thought it would happen, you know? Not, not now. Not when things were finally settling down, with Sam in college, with my job at Bobby’s… should have known that something would happen. Stupid…” He muttered, shaking his head as his hand clenched his cup tighter.
Cas furrowed his eyebrows as Dean pulled out a lumpy present that was wrapped in newspaper and an excess amount of scotch tape.
It’s like the entire world turns grey. The endless, eternal sunlight darkens and the world that was once so happy and peaceful and bright is not so bright anymore. He shudders as a cold wind billows around him, the glassy lake rippling for the first time. He can feel the energy growing behind him, impossibly hot and cold and powerful, and he knows that this is Cas.
And that's all, folks! I hope this helped y'all as much as it helped me. Feel free to leave a comment and let me know what you thought! I hope the whole time thing wasn't confusing. The passage of time in the face of eternity always confuses the hell out of me, so I tried to make it make as much sense as possible.
“You’re goddamn right, Cas. You’re goddamn right. But we got there in the end, yeah? Just a couple centuries late. But we got there.”
What does he want, eh? Isn’t that the million-dollar question. He shakes his head and runs his hands through his hair. He laughs. He cries. He looks up and smiles and speaks.
“Well, Dean. I don’t know. I never... I never expected this. I never expected you. I never have. For all the millennia I’ve lived, for all the eons I’ve encountered, you have always managed to surprise me, endlessly. And I have no idea what is going to happen next. So... I guess this all depends on you, Dean. On what you want. So... tell me, Dean. What do you want? What do you, truly, want?”
“Wait... what do you mean you’ve not seen them yet? Dean, it’s been over forty years. What have you been doing this whole time?”
Dean jolts about a foot in the air when he feels a hesitant touch brush feather light along his jaw. His eyes are still impossibly blurry, his chest still heaving those unnecessary breaths, and he hadn’t felt his angel (
Dean swallows, a gasp escaping him as he scrubs at his eyes, shame filling him. He’s not felt shame in ages. He’s not missed it.
So. Cas is the guardian of Heaven now. It doesn’t surprise him, honestly. What other ending for the once fallen angel was more fitting than this? What better end than to spend eternity watching over the humans that he had loved so deeply that he’d turned his back on everything he ever knew to keep them all safe? He knew it was fitting for Cas and knew that it was important work that Cas would obviously take very seriously. And he was happy for Cas, that he had such an important purpose in life (existence, whatever), truly, he was.
There are many words that are jumbling in his head, feelings and thoughts that he’s been building for years upon years. Accusations, declarations, rants, and arguments, all of them pressing and urgent and he has no idea where to start. Part of him, the part that feels the most like he did in life, wants to scream. To throw a fit and throw a punch and rage better than he’s ever raged before. Another part of him wants to rush forward and grab Cas and never let him go. Another part completely wants to run away from this moment and never have to acknowledge the swirling emotions inside him.
Cas wasn’t quite sure what to do, but decided that the person- most likely male considering the width of their shoulders and their height- had to have been waiting a while for the store to open. He was just about to apologize for making the man wait, when he recognized the jacket the man was wearing.
“Yeah, that uh, that might be best. Come on, Cas. Let’s settle in. Something tells me this is gonna be one hell of a tale.”
have their own Heaven, their perfect world, their perfect reward for the heartache and suffering they had suffered through during life. Eventually, this all will come.
Dean finds that he can’t finish his rambling words, his head fuzzy as he slams his eyes shut, running desperate fingers through his hair, pulling the short strands tightly. Pain doesn’t exist here, in this place, but he swears that he can feel the phantom of old twinges as he roughly grabs the hair as tight as he can. He’d do anything to feel pain right about now. How fucked up is that? Here he is, in a land of eternal happiness, and he can’t even be happy.
"Leave? You're gonna kick me and my boyfriend because your straight ass can't handle a little love?" Cas choked, boyfriend? Were they really dating now? Shit, but let Dean take care of it anyway.
“It’s here.” He points at the grey house, putting the strap of his bag on his shoulder. “Thank you, Dean, for this afternoon.” Dean smiles.
“They’re my favorite too!” he replies, his little eyes shining in excitement. Cas smiles at him and opens the door as he indicates the kids to form a single line so they can get out one by one.
Six years later, he still can’t believe his luck. Of course, being a single parent wasn’t ideal, but with Sam’s help —and later his girlfriend, Eileen, too—he managed to get through the rough first two years and launch his acting career in Broadway.
“I love you, but I seriously gotta pee.” Cas laughs loudly as Dean stumbles out of the bed, the sheets tangled on his legs, bringing him to the floor with a dry sound. He stands up and pulls his pants up, taking a sweatshirt on the way, and disappears behind the door on his way to the bathroom.
“Ah, yes, Jack. They’re my favorite food.” That’s a lie, pizza is his favorite. For a second, it seems like Jack knows this too, his shiny blue eyes staring at him, his head tilting slightly before he nods and closes the box.
One o’clock hits and he’s waving his hand at Charlie, making his way back to his car. He doesn’t have to worry about making food for them since he promised Jack to take him to wherever he wanted after his first day.
He got them all things he made himself and, while they weren’t perfect, he made them with all his heart, especially Claire’s journals —one filled with information about almost every monster, inspired by Dean’s poor attempt of a father thank you very much, and another one completely blank so she could write anything she wanted— that he crafted from scratch, even if it cost him several glued fingers and many, many pokes with the needle as he tried to sew it together.
