Marcus smirked and leaned forward, encroaching on John's personal space. "Why? Trying to pick me up, doctor?"
Mary scooting forward to get in a better position, her eyes darting over Johns' scars. The damage was extensive, and he was very lucky not to have lost any flexibility or dexterity, at least no loss that she knew off.
Mr. Brenton's face flushed red with indignation. "Mr. Holmes!" he began, but was rapidly cut off.
"He was a helpful associate at one time," Sherlock acknowledged, his voice distant.
Mary has a rough night.
Sherlock and company follow an unexpected lead in a race against time to stop the killer, and someone pays the ultimate price...
"Not lately," John observed. "You've been sleeping almost like a normal person for the past few weeks."
Sherlock clucked his tongue and moved a rook.
"Goodnight!" Sherlock called over his shoulder, raising one hand as he sped out the door. He was running now, and John ran with him, tossing a guilty look over his shoulder at Lestrade who stood in the doorway of the house, glaring after them.
Sherlock blinked and shifted his gaze to his left hand.
His mind flashed back through the times he had tended to Sherlock's case related injuries, and the easy, relaxed air that had seemed to settle around them during those times. He remembered Sherlock's breathy
Harriet's back arched violently, her muscles contracting to force bile and mucus from her empty stomach. John feared she would suffer a spinal injury. She'd already broken a rib…she was
Marcus pulled back slowly, kissing, licking, and biting the skin of John's body as he worked his way down. When his teeth grazed John's nipple, John's fingers flew up to Marcus's hair, anchoring him there. Marcus hummed softly as his left hand slid over John's chest to stoke his other nipple. John moaned softly, tipping his head back into the mattress.
John snorted derisively. "When does he ever respond? He only ever appears to deign to respond so he can look clever."
glad you're okay," John murmured, his voice thick with emotion and his eyes threatening tears.
He had spent his days between Mary's dinner and his next shift at the surgery sending out his resume and applying for posted positions throughout London. He knew any job search could be a long haul, it had been last time, and he wanted to put forth a strong effort. He
His plans for the evening had been materially altered. He wouldn't risk going close to 221 B tonight, but he didn't want to sleep rough with Nikki's prized possession when he'd just agreed to assist her. He knew several places that would accept cash payment for a room for the night, and two of them were safe enough for him to use his phone to hack Charing Cross's security system and observe John without the need to spend any additional attention monitoring the violin, assuming he locked the door behind him. Sherlock quickly decided on a specific motel, and set off along into the night.
advice, then?" Sherlock asked.
"What's wrong?" John asked, leaning forward to try to make eye contact.
!" He insisted. "That
Marcus chuckled again, caressing John's back lightly as he made his way to the bathroom.
Images of the love mark on Marcus's throat, the mark that had come from John flashed across his mind's eye and he almost winced. It was painful; it
"Good Morning, Detective Inspector," Sherlock said flatly, without turning around. There was no longer even the pretense of good humor, just the steady gaze of a hunter that had cornered its prey. "I see you received my invitation."
With a growl John pushed Marcus backwards onto the bed. This momentarily broke their connection, but only momentarily. John followed Marcus down, covering his body with his own. John lifted Marcus's legs over his shoulders, realigned himself, and pushed inside.
John's embarrassment returned with a side of guilt. Sleeping with Marcus had been one thing, but he knew damned well he was not in a good headspace for a relationship right now. Even if he was, that wasn't what Mary had offered him. She had been very clear that she was in love with her husband.
"Blogger. I've had a crime page up for some time now as part of my work, but it hasn't brought half the interesting cases I thought it would."
Sherlock returned the nod and spun on his heels, walking back towards rehearsals.
Rebecca smiled, took the card, and began typing away on her computer.
Several hours later found them sprawled lazily across Sherlock's bed, John's head on Sherlock's shoulder. It was late and a perfectly decent hour for most people to sleep. John, however, had trouble letting go these days. Sherlock had never slept particularly well because of his busy mind, always seeking stimulation. John's problem was not his mind, however, but the past. He had been quite literal about not letting Sherlock out of his sight.
Sherlock's lips quirked up in a brief smile. "Well, the latest statistics speculate that 42% of all marriages in the United Kingdom end in divorce."
a connection here, he was sure of it! But where…? He hadn't given up on his big, and what would likely be, his final case; the spider at the center of London's web of crime.
It was chilly, but thankfully not raining. John brought his hands up to his mouth to warm them, then stuck them in his pockets. "You don't have to walk all the way back with me," he said, turning his face towards James, who was walking to his right.
Lestrade sighed raggedly. "John's been… detained for evaluation. Apparently Harry came into Charing Cross yesterday morning for alcohol poisoning and there was a mix up with her medications. That was the night John worked overnight, and there's been an investigation. John's been charged with malpractice. The paperwork came through about an hour ago. Apparently someone pushed hard for a psychological evaluation. They caught him just as he was leaving his shift. He's being taken to Holloway Sanatorium as we speak."
Gently, John undid Sherlock's cufflinks, and pulled back his sleeve, revealing his pale skin up to his elbow. Reaching for the antiseptic, John dripped some onto a cotton ball, then gently swept the cotton ball over Sherlock's stitches. John also took time to cleanse the scissors, even though Sherlock assured him they were already clean. He wasn't being difficult, he really believed Sherlock, he just…wanted to take his time.
"You don't need to go through all this trouble every night," John protested, bending down to retrieve said serving dishes regardless. Mary had cooked dinner for them both every night since John had moved in, and she made brunch on Saturdays. John was grateful for the meals, and he'd made sure grocery funds were included in his rent, but he didn't want her to feel obligated to continue. He's lived on takeout and Mrs. Hudson's meals for... too many years. He had to improve his own cooking skills sometime.
"And there's at least one femur in the cage closest to it on the left," John added helpfully.
"You don't have to," John replied almost automatically, his hand falling back to his side again.
else right now felt like too much. He'd been honest with Mary about everything else, but this part of the injury was too fresh, too raw. He
"When we got the news I was 24, and Johnny was only 19..." She dabbed at her eyes with the tissue she held and gratefully accepted the glass of water that someone passed to her.
She told him, and he made quick work of sending her prescription out to it electronically. John was a fast typist, one had to be as a doctor because of all the charting that was required, so he managed to finish his notations in a few short minutes.
John nodded. "It was good. I think I'm up to speed on the electronic medical record and basic policies and procedures. The rest is just being a doctor." John paused for a moment, then added. "One of the residents had a rough day."
"You too," she breathed, blinking back tears. She would not cry. She would
"Isn't he amazing?" Harry asked once John had lifted the phone back to his ear.
be hidden at the ballet theater; the only other place Ms. Adeline was truly invested in.
Sherlock had not missed John's looks of disappointment about interrupted dates, his exhaustion on long cases, or the lengths John had gone through to save Sherlock's life, risking his own on more than one occasion.
Sherlock's hands slid over the heated skin of John's torso while his mouth moved energetically over John's cock. John threw his head back into the pillows and gasped out abbreviated nonsense syllables, his fingers tugging lightly on Sherlock's hair in encouragement. Sherlock drew his lips slowly up John's length, keeping his cheeks hollowed until John's member slipped from between his lips and his devilish mouth moved down until it reached the sensitive skin of John's inner thighs.
As soon as he heard Mary's steady gait on the stairs Sherlock took several stumbling steps towards the window. It was stupid, it was foolish, but...he wanted to watch John go. Mary was good with words, better and more natural than Sherlock's manipulation because she tended to be as honest as possible. Sherlock knew she would convince John to work her plan for the case. A plan that, ironically, would keep Sherlock and John entirely separate. John was leaving 221 B and, depending on how the case went, it might be the
Mary nodded in agreement. "We can order in some curry. I think some Monty Python's flying circus reruns will be on the telly tonight."
Molly's smile brightened. "He's good. He took me to Angelo's last Friday, it was just as good as you said it would be."
The tears brimming in Nichole's eyes overflowed and spilled down her pale cheeks, but she did not look away. She wanted to argue, but saw no grounds with which to build her argument. She was resolved, however, that much was obvious to Sherlock. She'd used her resolve to gain first chair in the first place, practicing relentlessly in the hopes of escaping her alcoholic father as well as for her love of music. The sight would have infuriated John. Sherlock could all but hear him now.
Mary's hand was on John's again, squeezing softly as she asked, "What separated you from him?"
John focused on his patients. Or at least he tried to. He examined burns, broken bones, assessed for possible concussions, and gave recommendations on whether patients should be admitted or not. Still, the examination area where Emily had died was always in the back of his mind. He would dispose of medications and almost startle when he realized the bin was not as full as it had been before… Of course the bins John saw hadn't changed, it's just that they weren't the specific bin and sharp container that he was thinking about.
John made out some disjointed noises and the sound of voices then. Probably Mrs. Hudson. She always did worry too much.
James' face tilted slightly, and confusion swept over his features. "Is...is this about Sherlock?"
"They're just reviewing the details of the case, Mr. Werner," John soother, his voice calm and approachable.
"I don't normally do this," John muttered.
Sherlock followed him down a short series of halls and into what appeared to be a small filing room. It looked like a filing office at least, but it was badly disguised. It
, and he'd sent him away...
he! It was one thing to push John's buttons, to drag him headlong into the middle of complex and bewildering situations in the name of a case, to keep him up for days to be a proper witness to the miserable state that was humanity (in Sherlock's mind anyway), but what Sherlock was doing now served no other purpose than self-destruction. Was this supposed to make his case for him, that even he wasn't safe from ravages of a world gone mad? John huffed indignantly, quickening his pace. That didn't prove anything except that Sherlock had wrapped his own misery around himself like a shield!
that expression. Dan was always most dangerous when he was silent, because when he was silent, he was planning.
be fond of that
The violins swelled with the notes of a hesitation waltz. The musicians had slowed the tempo so the dancers were moving at a walking pace. It was a deliberately calculated move, because none of the Gala's participants were
"Can I talk to you for a minute?" John asked.
John almost groaned in frustration. "Sherlock, explain this to me in a way a
Like most people, excepting perhaps John on a good day, Mrs. Hudson did not understand how Sherlock thought.
The question brought forth a small flood of tears before she managed to collect herself enough to answer. "Is it that obvious?" After a small pause she added, "Do you think it has to do with Andrew's death?"
John's hands clenched into trembling fists. He shut his eyes for a moment in an attempt to calm himself, only to open them again when Sherlock's fall began to replay behind his lids.
John leaned forwards, noted the location, and whirled around, determined to make it there in record time.
Mary met John outside the restaurant. She had changed from her work scrubs into a soft pink dress with black leggings; he could see the edges of the dress peeking out around her tan coat. She greeted him with a hug and ushered him inside, out of the bitter winter winds.
John stared hard at the sun catcher display in the train station gift shop and tried to convince himself that he wasn't being followed. He didn't succeed very well. Not only had he actually been followed numerous times while working with Sherlock, but everything about this current situation had him doubly on edge.
John flung open a cabinet door and fished around inside the dark recesses for a mug. His hand returned with both a well used tea mug, and a neatly folded letter placed inside said mug. The letter startled him, and for a moment John wondered if he was becoming forgetful or neglectful in the placement of his mail. That was when John noticed the swirling arches of calligraphy that emblazoned 'J' over the seal of the envelope. This was another letter from Alexander.
John smiled in relief and gave a quick reply.
Mycroft had refused to help him, sparking the rift that distanced them to this day. He'd gone on and on about endangering his political career and something about Sherlock's well-being, Sherlock had mostly deleted that part. The point was that his brother wasn't a resource; Sherlock had needed to find the proper medication on his own. There was no one living or dead that the younger Holmes brother trusted with such a serious operation, so it
"I never wanted to be an omega, John," Sherlock began, feeling rather than seeing John nod.
John attempted a glare, and failed miserably. "Don't encourage him," he groaned, gently bandaging Sherlock's wound.
Shaking herself from an almost slumber at 3:30am, Mary stretched and mumbled. "We should try to get
"Can you recognize her?" John asked watching Sherlock rifle through the bodies as though they were paperwork.
John nodded, starting to pull out his wallet. "I understand." It was a bit surreal, but he had a large tolerance for the surreal after his experiences with Sherlock and Mycroft.
James chuckled softly. "I didn't mean anything more than what I said. You're not the type of man who could live and interact so closely with someone for so long without caring for them, at least a little." When John opened his eyes to glare at him James added, "In the
Toby perked up when he entered the room, his tail wagging furiously when he saw Sherlock. Sherlock reached a hand out to accept the leash and Toby yipped in greeting, jumping up to press his forepaws into Sherlock's legs. Sherlock leaned down to pet his head, and the Toby seemed to sigh contentedly.
"I noticed in your application you're open to being called to cover shifts that open unexpectedly," Eric said, glancing at the papers on his clipboard and back at John.
"Meticulous killers like this usually only get sloppy when they're impatient," Mary mused, then stiffened and looked up at Sherlock. "Didn't you say he had a board of directors meeting this afternoon?"
From the first time they met, John had been struck with the intense need to protect Sherlock. At first he hadn't known what to make of it, and over time had decided it was love. He hadn't cared that Sherlock as a beta; Sherlock was the most dynamic, complex,
," Sherlock had replied, wedging himself between Lestrade and John so that Lestrade was inside the flat and he and John were just outside. "
Attached? Well, there was no bother denying that. Perhaps John was attached for all the wrong reasons, but he was attached all the same.
John looked at him again, slightly perplexed as he secured the bandages on one hand and reached for the other. "I'm bandaging your wounds."
The ugly truth? What did he- the realization his John like ice along his spine. Sherlock's earlier words echoed in his head.
John reached forward and tightened his fingers in the hair close to Sherlock's scalp. Sherlock sucked in a breath when John pulled, forcing Sherlock's head back. It wasn't a violent action, but a slow, steady tug that demanded attention. There was no pain, so long as Sherlock did not put forth any resistance, but there was an insistent pulling that threatened pain
"Stop waxing poetic, John, we still need to find those
showed it. This," John gestured wildly behind him, indicating the building and the woman they had just left, "isn't love. It's manipulation and blind devotion." John squared his shoulders, his gaze never wavering. "Now, it's our job to disillusion Miss. Williams. I'm sure you have a morally dubious plan in that brilliant mind of yours; let's get to it."
"I didn't know he had an older brother," James replied, surprised.
the other spouse. It was so common that it might as well be included in the marriage vows, but naturally people preferred fantasy to reality.
Angelo smiled, pleased, and began clearing the table.
invite you to the wedding," Mycroft said softly, regret showing itself in his features. "Multiple times."
Marcus smiled and beckoned John closer with one finger. John came and gave a surprised "oof!" when he was summarily pulled back onto the bed. Marcus flipped them over so that he was leaning against John's chest, tracing idle patterns into the skin there. "You up for another round?" Marcus purred, pressing soft kisses into the skin of John's neck and chest.
John thought about it for a moment, and then nodded. "Just go slow with pace and pressure, it won't be as resilient or as flexible."
"My father made mistakes, and they cost people dearly," Bryan was saying, summarizing his points. "But I am determined that no one will pay any further price for the mistakes of my father. Together we can build a brighter stronger future for this company, and be transparent about our successes and our stumbles. We will set a new tone for how business is run in the financial sector!"
Sherlock stilled and blinked.
Lestrade had sent him information on the most basic of cases recently, the pity he felt for Sherlock readily apparent. It was a good thing for both of them that he actually had a case above a six in his queue. No matter how hard up he was, Sherlock would never, ever work cases even the Yard could solve.
Sherlock glowered, but she was undeterred. "I expect the check tomorrow, Sherlock. John used to take care of it for you, but he's not around anymore, is he?"
John stood and pulled back the curtains around the exam area. Accident and emergency was always noisy, but, now that Mrs. Aster could breathe, she didn't seemed phased by the bustle of activity. "I recommend that you follow up with your primary care doctor within the week, to let him know what happened, and to continue to monitor your asthma symptoms."
John eased back slightly, and Sherlock followed, gasping when John's hands tightened around his waist and lifted him, pressing him back against the wall once more. Sherlock's legs wound around John's hips, anchoring himself in place. This exacerbated their height difference, forcing John to strain up to meet Sherlock's lips in a possessive, demanding kiss.
Mary shrugged. "Not really, just from time to time. I enjoy the art form, but for me it's mostly about the story." A smile bloomed on her face and her eyes grew wistful. "It was always so much fun to take Sean, he was really invested in stories. It didn't matter if they were factual or fictional, he always wanted to see the right thing done. One time, I saw him throw a book across a room because one of the main characters had just been unjustly tortured and he couldn't stand the injustice."
trouble. The thought was chilling, and John reached for his water glass just to have something to do.
A slim man in an expensive suit stood there with his back to Sherlock while his dogs tussled on the floor beside him. His hair was neatly slicked back, and he almost looked like... then he turned and Sherlock's eyes widened dramatically.
John turned his head to look at her, his mouth half open in protest, but she pressed her fingers against his lips to shut them. "The people here
was lying there with at least two broken limbs, and that asshole didn't seem the slightest bit concerned. And his arrival was sickeningly timely. Something unpleasant was going on, that much was certain.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos to, and/or subscribed/bookmarked this story. You're support is much appreciated. Here's hoping this story still has an audience!
Confusion threatened to overwhelm John's senses. "So... we're taking the case?"
"Am I meant to believe that you own something other than that Shitzu?" Sherlock asked, half chuckling with the absurdity of a Shitzu charging at them.
Okay, so this was originally meant to be a one shot, however some reviews made me rethink that plan. I can't promise how often this will be updated, given that "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling" is my main focus right now, but I will finish it. I guess I'm going to turn this into a reunion fic.
That was the problem, wasn't it? Marcus didn't really resemble Sherlock, not at all. He was friendly, and personable, and it made sense, working in a crowd that considered themselves very posh , that he would have a thorough knowledge of wine and beer. Still John couldn't help noting the similarities, even if there weren't' many. Marcus had black hair, but it was much more orderly than Sherlock's would ever be. He'd also been able to deduce John's drink, but, as John has thought earlier, this was likely the result of hard work and study on one subject, not thousands.
Sherlock blinked and his fingers twitched in John's grip. He managed, with some effort, to bring his tongue forward and wet his lips. At length he rasped, "What are you doing?"
how much trouble.
Sherlock swallowed thickly. He hoped his face wouldn't make his inner turmoil obvious, but for the first time in a very long time, he wasn't sure. He
John, who had long ago stopped trying to correct her (It wasn't worth it—she was convinced John had rented 221 C for Harry only) smiled warmly and greeted her. "Good afternoon, Mrs. Hudson. What have you got there?"
Sherlock knew John well, and, after several minutes, began to use that knowledge in conjunction with his lip reading skills to try to beat John to the correct diagnosis for his patients. It was a poor replica of a conversation, but it was
: Romance, Regret, Revenge
John, still smiling, stood and walked forward until he stood directly in front of Sherlock. He reached forward, took Sherlock's hands in his, and lifted them up to kiss the knuckles. "What's on your mind?"
this time?
As he continued to look around John realized this room was bigger than most hotel rooms. It wouldn't really qualify as a suite, or maybe in some hotels it would. There were two arm chairs and a low table nestled comfortably between the fireplace and the bed.
John raised an eyebrow. "That bad?"
The hint of a smile tugged at the corner of Sherlock's lips. "I love you, too, John."
John rubbed his temple.
He could practically hear Mycroft's voice, chiding him for his outburst. His temper tantrum.
Sherlock. The bait had been placed
have forgiven?
“Although given the scenario, I suppose the answer
TO MY BOYS
When it registered in his thoughts,
"You really did
John's tongue licked out in greeting then, and Sherlock was opening his mouth to him. Just as he had opened his home ...
As if trying to make something out …
If they couldn’t find him, they could just jolly well hold on to their knickers for a bit …! He was the groom after all.
Apparently Molly had remembered
That’s a sign of a healthy relationship, if I ever saw one. Doctor.
to take some sleeping pills. He didn’t want to be lucid enough to dream.
"You know"
Sherlock is dealing with his demons, and the possibility he could mess up this chance that he finally has ... a real ... friend?
He felt a buzz in his pocket.
Mrs. Hudson had slowed a bit.
But John was shifting his attention back, fully on Sherlock again. Just where Sherlock wanted it.
John pulled away.
Skin was pale. Paler now than the last time he had seen Sherlock
He exhaled …
There was someone who might appreciate
wanted to fix it.
At last stating to her own surprise, "The Yakuza." As if it was obvious.
Nevermind that their star Chef, the American, was actually a Brit ...
John had laughed it off, making more excuses again, feeling defensive. Reminding Harry that she was ‘the best thing that had ever happened to him’ …  even as the line went static with awkward silence a few moments later … He swallowed. Not sure what else to share or say?
He kinda liked the idea of playing Cupid ...
He would have a blister later.
“No, wait - hang on a sec -
And far too late for salvaging the remains of the day before ...
Sherlock's head lifted sharply to look him in the eye then, fully. Really drank him in with that piercing look that John knew so well. And John waited. Knowing that Sherlock would read everything. Every little thing that was going on here. Every line and crease would tell a tale.
And met Mike’s cheeky grin with his own.
John did not have to wait.
to stumble in here. To find me. Make it a regular routine. It wouldn’t look suspicious that way. Wouldn’t even warrant further inspection. Wouldn’t raise any red flags. And as long as I kept to the status quo. Same. Then perhaps there was a chance I could
The wait staff was pleasant and he could tell they wanted to be accommodating, but they were clearly busy tonight. Must be a holiday or something? ... and then it hit John.
Out of perfunctory service, John knew. Habit. Rote behavior.
John was courageous
He hardly dared to breathe, lest he break the spell. Or give himself away.
for you! No,” He shivered. Sherlock smirked back at him with that. A look of,
Mycroft ...
Mary had moved on. John found her with her hand on the wedding planner’s shoulder -
and the skin they were in …
A lab had changed his routine haunts,
"Is this a normal evening for you?" He was asking, to keep the mood light, "a couple of arrests, a few light muggings …? You know … you didn't have to invite danger just to
John rolled his eyes.
Was being dropped … from the sky.
His breath held.
Insecurity ...
And then … ?
Sherlock's lips brushed over John’s closed eyelids. Caressed his cheekbones. His mouth parted and he kissed down John’s jawline, and neck. Spending a moment to apply one soft kiss to his Adam's apple. Then he was taking John’s mouth to his, and really taking his time. John clung to him. Relief and passion and ecstasy pouring through his veins. A cocktail to combat the misery and monotony of their past lives alone.
Fair point.
He knew he had noticed that oatmeal jumper before, and had correctly intuited that the soldier would arrive again like clockwork.
This was better
This was the life.
Sherlock’s face sobered up, “of course I did. They contain you.”
She knew his name.
Offering instead;
A friend in need.
Full of their stuff. His and Sherlock’s?
shivering with the thought...
For the couple
They say it simultaneously.
And yet,
straighter ...
It was something John saw time and time again in the military, and especially during the war. And he was disgusted by it as a rule. Pain does not justify further pain. An eye for an eye only makes everyone blind.
“I’m not sure what it would feel like?
It was really shaking.
You stop him moving. Turning him sharply to face you before you lose your nerve.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
John turned to go. His face a bright red. He stuck his hands in his pockets as he watched his feet, shuffling their way back out of the busy kitchen and towards the double doors. A rack got in the way.
Sherlock truly happy.
With all the force he had left in his lungs.
... he would buy him his own bottle of it ... and had said so. A moment so bold and daring - he hadn't expected John to accept - let alone meant for his own mouth to betray him and offer ...
And was about to be sent on his merry little way …
Then pocketed the device.
But … Mary hardly knew a thing about him. She was simply interested in his future, she always said.
He realized in that moment, they had never sat like this before … on the same side of a table, let alone side-by-side. Always kept themselves one step removed. He searched back through every memory.
He smiled at another beauty, and raised his glass in salute - deciding ultimately - he should find something to eat
Is there any special meaning to this work in your life?
Either way, he was not going back to a hotel room with
He signed the letter ‘Sherlock Holmes’ - after all, the writer had still assumed Sherlock was around - and went to bed at last. Ready to mail it off in the morning.
Have to catch him after lunch.
so pleasantly,
Sherlock could go home now.
The fact that they had BOTH wanted to do this ...
John bantered, "Might be."
, any other human being.
"I'm glad you were listening, John. I..." his eyes twinkled, "I didn't think you would be."
Molly had touched his shoulder to get his attention. "No, John," Molly had shaken her head, "he's just … gone!" And she pointed him to the room to see for himself that the body was not there?! And then ... all around them, EMT's, doctors, nurses, were suddenly ... disappearing?
He wrapped his leg around Sherlock’s and squeezed. Sherlock nestled closer and hummed again. Both falling asleep for a few moments in the afterglow.
He secretly wished he could follow the man home and
Waking himself in tremors and cold sweats to find …  he was standing once again by Sherlock’s bed. And Sherlock
His eyes failing to focus on Sherlock's fingers where they peeked out beneath his silk dressing gown sleeves. Where Sherlock's hand was pressing into the wood grain of the kitchen table ...
, but his
“So you are?” John laughed, extending his hand, so relieved! “AH! John Watson! We spoke? The … the other night, remember? I helped you solve a case? The uh … the ladder?” He was talking too much. Too much. SHUT IT, JOHN!!!
could call this place
He was looking up to Harry for reassurance - as she had the phonebook in her hand and was scanning through the last names under L … “No!” she replied firmly.
Sherlock admitted, “
Apparently, he had not asked someone a minute too soon! His sanity was barely holding to threads of what Sherlock had been. Cold. Calculating. Efficient.
Sherlock always responded.
To hope.
Sherlock. And John was bound to come running. For Sherlock. So the trap had been set for him as well.
kind of a relationship at all?! …
John had half a mind to go chasing him down to Italy
, to exert!
And now?
change,
John thought.
-    SH
He stubbornly flipped through his phone apps and hired an Uber. Not even waiting for the blue sedan to stop a few minutes later, before hopping into it's back seat. He rolled away with a glare to the chauffeur as they passed.
But reality was also … that
Sherlock shook his head. His mind was simply playing three words on loop:
pill with his shaking hand?
, he might get a text? Some acknowledgement that the message was received?
He had already said it out loud several times today. And he hoped he wasn't making the biggest mistake of his life now by assuming one more was possible ... ?
Obvious?
John had given up on counting the missing threads after a while. He had failed Sherlock. Failed to fix him. Failed to convey his real love for him. Failed to be the thing that could keep him from tipping over the edge …  or having a reason to continue. And now ...
Sherlock + John by the fireside at Baker Street after a long overdue conversation.
Actual destruction of magazine pages happened. I'm not sorry.
John was arrested.
John followed her through and shut the door politely behind him.
John huffed in a breath of air - choking back what was threatening to tear from his throat.
Sherlock stood up then. Grasping for John's hands.
was summoned to ...
John made up his bed. Fluffing the pillows.
“Oh nothing!” she declared, “but what if you
He realized.
Together.
It made John's head light.
As he gathered his thoughts. Collected a sense of what today had meant ...
"I thought I'd seen every expression on your face ... until I saw how you looked at John Watson," she acknowledged.
at the empty coat hook next to his inside the hall ...
The worst day of John Watson's life.
Sherlock did so. Willingly. Tilting his head to
"Please," he indicated with his hand to the seat opposite him and hoped he looked as welcoming as he could.
. He had to admit.
return? When no one should have known
"Jesus," he whispered, covering the phone away from his ear as Mary carried on ...  He was treated to a full repeat of the instructions he’d already been given TWICE today! And she seriously couldn't even trust him to get his own cab??
To a waiting armored car.
John was getting angry.
He kept John’s eyes held as he sat back down.
He couldn’t help himself.
"Made for each other."
Thump Thump …                       Falling
Ashes
And then ...
His pace quickened again. He forced himself to slow down. Just a little.
Sherlock looked his way, concerned.
Lest John forget what a miracle
to run.
to see.
He had
of existence.
And fire then flew from his fingertips
He stepped over the stack of files spread out around him on the floor of 221b and started the kettle on to boil. Picking up the phone and dialing for some takeaway without bothering to ask. She would eat whatever showed up. He felt fairly certain, at this point.
He stared at the screen for several moments. Shaken.
Sherlock snarled.
Mike had just as much surprise expressed on his face, but of course, for other reasons.
John nearly fell off his bar stool at that.
Grimacing from the bitterness, he went back to his microscope. Partly to put the cup down, and partly hoping to get rid of her as politely as he could by looking busy. He wanted to keep John engaged.
Dr. John H. Watson found himself smiling. Must be another Doctor Watson here that regularly attends. But he wasn't complaining. This did look lovely. And more than edible!
Stealing a glance up at Emmy. He made sure to use her name correctly each time he spoke to her throughout the evening. Just because they would never go out again, didn't mean he wanted her to not feel special.
his returning without his quarry.
Then the other hand came up to frame John's face and to lift it to fully look upon him, eye to eye. To stand up straighter. So John did. Militant like. Sherlock held him there, transfixed.
- Mhairi McFarlane
A note from the Chef.
I of course took the next
He practically shouted back into the phone, leaving his direct number twice to be clear, and then hung the phone up. Feeling like a complete idiot. And certain he would not get a call back.
What would he say???
Sherlock was glad she hadn’t suffered long. She had been hurting for a while, and hiding it like the fighter she was. He was glad she had gone peacefully, in her sleep.
fortune! And ran out of the tent gloating happily over Harry. Her prophecy had been dull and trite!
Sherlock flinched.
And she’d coaxed him into the relationship …  with lots of sweet manipulations; lots of promises; and lots and
like the waiters here …” John was nodding, looking around.
to ...
He had done something! He had helped …
Mycroft had made it clear he was taken care of handsomely. But John had not wanted the charity, and only reluctantly dipped into the funds on occasion.  When he knew the weeks labours had not accumulated the required amount to sustain rent … and food … and entertaining. Which he was doing more and more of surprisingly.
An army man! An
Favorite.’
John could tell he was itching to explain himself, to spill out his story ...   and John did
the few months he spent at my home
And then the tension left the room. They were all jostling about. Poking ribs and laughing. "Wot you do to him, Chef? Got 'im terrified you 'ave!" "Reputation in America you haven't told us of, Chef?" "Right nutter!" “Watch that pan!”
Knowing there was not
“I’m afraid,” he whispers, “I'm never afraid.
"Of course I did. Waiter brought it right out to me ... I ..."
He looked at her.
John was keenly aware of his stubble and the fact that this man he was locked in an embrace with, had pristine, marble-like skin …
The world was on edge.
“Idiot.”
Just                                                        Ant Man,
And decided to go find out what else he had left to do, to get through with this evening ...
“I’ve been waiting
Almost exactly a year ago.
John couldn't believe it.
While
But they directed him a few blocks down where they assured him mobile accessories of every variety could be found.
He dropped to his knees. His palms brushing on ... more ashes?
If he squinted in the right light, he could almost imagine he saw Sherlock there. Holding his violin. Playing a sad, beautiful tune ... the way he
- Kevin L Baker
John opened it up. Going to the text app. And pulling open their chain of conversation.
lose control ...
Almost ashamed that he hadn't ... ?
Sherlock attributed it … to having John’s insight and steadying presence by his side again. His conductor of light …
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and picked up his fork.
Sherlock's smile instantly fell into a look of intense concentration, as though he could pin Ilia with his gaze alone. "I know," he rumbled ominously.
John's fingers twitched as he drew his hand away from his flatmate's forehead and started pacing. "Damnit, Sherlock, you just had a fever last week! Why haven't you been to a doctor?!"
Tim shrugged and whispered, "I'm not sure I can keep doing this…"
"How many?" John asked, and urgent look growing in his eyes.
Not long now...
Sherlock rolled his eyes but, thankfully, as he was looking at the ceiling his action went unnoticed by Mr. Brenton. "Strangely, how?"
John had left that mark behind. He'd lived with John too long, interrupted too many dates, seen him bite into too much food not to recognize that mark instantly.
Sherlock smiled to himself and took his time straightening the papers before he replied. "When I was at university, I was much the same as I am now," he said at last. "So it must come as no surprise that I had little contact with others outside my classes. It might have continued that way indefinitely if it weren't for the adder."
The nobleman smiled broadly and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder. "Thank you! Thank you, Mr. Holmes. My daughter is-"
Molly opened the final landing door, and they began winding their way through the archival stacks. A quarter of the way down the third column to their left, Molly stopped and pulled a slim file from the second shelf and handed it to John.
James's eyes widened comically. "Seriously?!"
"You have
abandoned his responsibilities.
"I had every hope that whatever it was would clear up shortly, and that everything could just...go back to normal." He paused and swallowed thickly. "Until... until last night."
"I doesn't have to be," John maintained, his voice softening a little.
to come back. Mary's flat had been his only refuge these last few months, and it would feel wrong not to come back. He'd been idling in the sitting room, trying to decide if he should stay or run, when he'd spotted the letter. It was a small white rectangle starkly contrasted by the dark stained wood of the table by the fireplace. It had been laid out like an invitation, so John had read it.
"Changing the medication orders for that patient you heard screaming," Sherlock explained, his eyes never leaving his phone.
"I've got the money sorted, Harry, I've already told you."
father very well. Most of what I do know I learned from eavesdropping or piecing things together."
A small, gloved hand covered his own, shaking one. "She's going to be cremated in the morning, John. No one will know if you don't finish the stitches."
"What happens now, Mr. Holmes?" Petia asked with the calm of a man who was resigned to his fate.
"John, this is Detective Inspector Lestrade," Sherlock said sharply, already herding him towards the door. "He will explain on the way."
A wry, have amused, half irritated voice cut through the sudden silence of the room. "If you'll kindly remove your tongue from my brother's mouth, we have some talking of our own to do."
"You were thinking it," Sherlock replied, turning a deeply charred piece of wood over in his hands. "There is nothing unique about this crime scene, as far as arson scenes go; you're putting too much meaning into things."
Sherlock fingers shook and he ached to make things right, but he reminded himself he already
Sherlock looked dubiously at his blogger, but obeyed. "I'm
things better.
Forty minutes later Mary stood and stretched. She was going to say her goodbyes and make other meaningless small talk that Sherlock was going to ignore…except the phone rang.
"I would be honored to go, Nikki, but I absolutely insist on paying you for my ticket," John replied, reaching for his wallet.
"And while you were arranging for accommodations
John wanted to crush Sherlock to his chest, to lie down on top of him and tie the arrogant bastard to the bed so that he could never get away again, but he was still a doctor, and Sherlock's injuries did not escape him.
The woman
Sherlock has come to grips with the truth, but now can he live with it?
John had never shared these kinds of thoughts with Sherlock; he had lacked the patience to put up with the sniping and grousing that would have followed. Goodness knows Sherlock hardly needed an excuse to complain.
trust you."
this man, and if they didn't have the alpha and omega dynamics between them, they might have come together sooner…but the truth was never easy to face, only to observe.
John might have been irritated by the Holmes brothers' methods of showing affection if he wasn't so relieved at the prospect of finally knowing where Sherlock was.
Sherlock leaned back lazily in his chair and stared up at the ceiling. "Tell me about Mr. Wallingford. About his illness, and what happened after." he heard the creak of Mr. Murphy's chair as he forced himself to sit down.
When he had first spoken of his intentions, his father had been livid. His father was adamant that Jessica was only after money and power and would be a blight on the family name. Nothing he had said could convince his father, and his father had threatened not only to remove all financial support, but also to ensure that he was blacklisted from every possible place of employment in the medical field. He had managed to complete his medical training before his marriage, so they were not entirely without hope.
Anna?" He arched a sardonic eyebrow. "I thought you were not...involved with her."
Thank you to everyone who left such wonderful comments! It really makes my day to hear back from my readers!  Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
Sherlock smiled remorselessly at them both, especially at John, as though he could tell his flatmate was inappropriately amused.
Greg let out a long slow breath and drew upon the patience Sherlock had helped him develop over their long association. "I'm sure my friend here has done something unpleasant. He does that a lot actually. I'm sorry for the inconvenience." Lestrade offered her a warm smile when her eyes darted up to his for the briefest moment, then away again. "If you could let me know what happened, I'll do my best to wrap this all up and let you get on with your evening."
Molly swallowed hard and blinked, tears sliding silently down her cheeks. "He-he asked me to let Mycroft's team handle the autopsy in the event of his death." John leaned forward now, just managing not to shake the poor women in front of him, so that she would hurry up. "The strange thing though, was that he asked me to be the one to sign the death certificate, after I had the autopsy report."
the damage indicates that the body hit horizontally!"
Naturally he had made a point of observing Lestrade closely when opportunity presented, and commenting on what he observed. Lestrade was not amused, but for the most part he had learned to ignore Sherlock. Sherlock knew things had turned serious when Mycroft had taken it upon himself to text him:
"Same thing I did in the service, I'm a doctor. I work in a small surgery now, but I'm hoping to expand my hours." A dark look crossed John's face when he thought of exactly
John was no stranger to women in labor. He kept his voice calm and soft. "Laurali, sweetheart, how about I take a look at you, once we've got you on the bed? It often feels worse for first time mothers than it actually is."
Tying up loose ends.  ^_^
Marcus shook his head. "No, I would have backed off if I thought you would. Tr-" Marcus faltered and looked away for a moment. "I've slept with people who have had nightmares before." Marcus's tone was light, but his eyes seemed to hold a terrible weight.
to be calm and gentle with Miss. Williams. John suspected the poor woman felt cornered and harassed enough as was. Sherlock had put forth a very charming visage at first, but had been met with only steely contempt, which quickly wore away at his patience.
"Why didn't you tell me?!" John asked, reaching forward to try to grasp Sherlock's arm and get a look at it.
"Brilliant deduction," Sherlock quipped, a ghost of a wry smile curling at the edge of his lips.
"No! Wait!" Sherlock cried, stilling John's movements. Their eyes met again, John's gaze calm and curious.
"Scream," Sherlock repeated. "If you scream loudly enough, they will go away."
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open and his gaze locked with John's. "I love you," John breathed as he canted his hips forward slowly. This achingly gentle pace after such an assault on his senses made Sherlock burn and gasp John's name. It was exactly this side of John that had always kept him guessing. John could be brutally dominating one moment and incredibly gentle the next.
Harriet turned to scowl at him. "You didn't see anything," she insisted.
"What is it?"
been part of the contest of wills that started this frie... arrangment?
John waited a bit before he replied, keeping his voice calm and even, something he was always mindful of doing when working with anxious patients or, in this case, anxious residents. "Accident and emergency can be a very intense work environment, and working with trauma only compounds the pressure. You've said yourself that you want to finish residency, get your license, and go into family practice. The reason you complete these rotations is to get experience in different types of medicine. Accident and emergency is not a good fit for you, I agree, but that isn't a failing as a doctor. I've only known you a few weeks and I think you picked well when you decided to pursue family medicine. Knowing your limits is as important as knowing your strengths. Watching patients die should never be something you get used to, or feel detached from. That's a serious sign of compassion fatigue, and being overworked in general. Both should be avoided at all costs. When you're stretched thin your patients suffer. You would rarely, if ever, see patients so badly injured in family medicine."
"I want to request an autopsy," Mr. Morris said quietly, but adamantly. "We need to know what happened."
"Speak of the devil," Mary murmured, pulling the attention of both men back to her.
Sherlock's eyes strayed to their interlocked hands. They were lovers, had been for years. A quick glance at each of their left hands confirmed they were not married. Sherlock's gaze lingered in their hands. She was holding his, but he was clutching hers. The slight tremor in his hand and the paleness of his knuckles betrayed the force with which he held her. Not only that, but he was crowding her against the buildings they passed. It was subtle, and to a less trained observer it would appear that he was trying to shelter her from the rain, but this was about dominance.
"Let me know when you hear back, okay?"
After Child's Play, I will begin posting, Make or Break, a story that takes place in the world of Hetalia. I have also included a sneak peek:
Greg shook his head. "John, you can't have lived at 221 B for all of those years without knowing that Mrs. Hudson is like a grandmother to Sherlock. She worries about him just as much as Mycroft, and she doesn't have to hack anything to check up on him."
John suppressed the urge to chuckle inappropriately at Alexander's abrupt shift in topics, the way he made light of his injuries, and his obsessive overanalyzing. Sherlock appeared to be jumping out at John from every line, and he found it immensely endearing. Try as he might, the good doctor found reminders of the world's only consulting detective everywhere he looked. John didn't think he could stop that impulse any more than he could stop the sun from rising... That might be just as well. Perhaps he just needed to let the reminders come, and to cope with them when they did.
"It's good," John enthused, and it was. "Much better than I could have managed myself. truth be told I've been living on takeout and some dishes sent over by my old landlady for years now."
An innocent misunderstanding brings Jason and Nico face to face with something they never knew existed. Now that it has been named, curiosity tugs on their hearts and minds, driving them to embark into uncharted territory in their relationship...
John frowned at Ilia as they both looked up, convinced that this '
"It's distracting. I thought I could ignore it, but it's always in my way."
Trigger Warning: This chapter contains graphic depictions of a violent murder, and a criminal dog fighting ring. Please be safe and do not read if this may trigger you.
"Well, Mr. Holmes," Petia began, "You have most of the story in your hands already. I do not think anything I have to say will surprise you. However, if you and your companions will be kind enough to sit, I will tell you what I can."
John shivered as he felt the fabric fall way, his arms winding their way around Sherlock again in an instant. "Bed," John breathed against Sherlock's lips.
He had been underfoot all this time!
John frowned and pulled his head back to repeat his query, but this time his voice was a low murmur. "Why did you come here, Sherlock? There's obviously been a mix-up, but this is not the way to handle it."
John looked up, his eyes caught Molly's sorrowful gaze and her pale complexion and he
working order?"
?" Lestrade had asked, looking everywhere but at Mycroft.
A warm hand on his shoulder brought Sherlock's pale blue eyes around to meet John's darker ones. "I'm still sorry," John repeated, squeezing his flatmate's shoulder gently. They held each other's gazes for several long, silent moments before the sounds of Mrs. Hudson's footfalls on the stairs caused them to turn and separate.
Sherlock wasn't in the habit of saying please to anyone. At that time John and he were barely on speaking terms and, for all their respective blustering, Sherlock and Mycroft did care about each other. Several minutes later, Sherlock received a reply text.
Sherlock stretched languidly, feeling a good deal better than he had in some months. It was only hours old, but already the bond was doing its work.
Sherlock, however, had already pushed past John, and down the stairs. Lestrade rolled his eyes and sighed, staring up at the ceiling for a long moment as though praying for patience. At last he looked over at John, and smiled apologetically. "I'm sorry. It's nothing against you; it seems like breaking protocol is his favorite pastime."
"Watson," Sherlock supplied readily, causing John to sputter and choke. "Samuel Watson," Sherlock pressed on, drawing John forward with a strong arm around his waist. "And this is my companion, John Watson."
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
John strode to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea before he could finish that thought. If he really wanted to build a friendship with this man, he was going to have to see him for who he was, not John's projected image of how he would like Sherlock to have been.
"What happened last night?" John asked leaning forward in his chair. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Sherlock still slumped back in his chair, eyes closed.
John glanced down at the paper in his hands. Sherlock had used his pencil to smudge much of the page, and only a few words were even legible. It read:
John watched her go with an exasperated smile. When the door was shut behind her he murmured, "I really think she's going to start planning our wedding soon." He turned to Sherlock and found that the younger man had set down his violin and was walking towards him. "Why haven't you ever tried to help me correct her assumptions?"
of them had gone unanswered. They'd started out simple enough.
"We'll find something," Sherlock assured him. John looked up and their eyes locked. "There's always something." John's lips quirked upwards in the hint of a smile, before he could stop himself and Sherlock's expression softened in response. "His victims seem to all have been highly powerful in the medical or business world, or directly related to someone who held such a position. That gives us a good idea of why he's so angry."
Trigger Warnings:  Self-destructive slightly self-injurious behavior in this chapter.
The world's only consulting detective declined to answer, walking away in a huff.
"Too soon," Sherlock murmured back, fingers still moving rapidly.
"Why do you insist on high-handed moral protests when you enjoy danger this much?" Sherlock muttered with frustrated agitation.
John couldn't tell if he was talking physically (because James' flat was to the left while 221 B was to the right) or in general. Either way he nodded. James smiled, they shook hands, and then he turned away.
. Anyone foolish enough to persist will be dealt with
individual John had ever met. John had never been sure if he'd ever have the chance to be with Sherlock, to love him as he wanted to. Now that the opportunity was upon him, he was
Sherlock rolled his eyes since he was still staring at the ceiling and Mr. Murphy wouldn't see. People weren't loyal as a rule. He'd seen friendships and marriages decades long, crumple to pieces at the first significant opportunity. And those were the relationships people claimed "really mattered." Why would business, which most people described as "war", be any different? The only real shift was how much people showed their hand. In this day and age it brought one power to show how tenuous one's loyalty was, it made the other party more likely to bribe and be compliant in the hopes of avoiding the inevitable. There was a time when it made more sense to appear loyal, to gain trust that could be exploited at the right moment. It was all the same game, just different strategies.
Mary shrugged. "It was a small burn, I'll take my chances. Can you grab the serving dishes?"
James winced in sympathy. "I don't know much about roses, but I've heard they're very temperamental."
"Not at all," the stranger replied, and they both headed towards the door. They had walked for half a minute in companionable silence before the stranger asked, "Are you in the medical field too?"
John bit his lip and shook his head. Alexander sounded as though he had a boyfriend at home, or someone he wished was a boyfriend.
John pressed his forehead into his palm and counted to ten in his mind while Mr. Brenton colored and scurried off, Sherlock close on his heels. John followed, somewhat reluctantly.
A soft knock made John lift his head. He smiled when he saw Mary. "Hey."
Sherlock ducked around a supporting pillar, ready to dart out into the maze of cages once more when a large PVC pipe struck him across the face. Sherlock reeled, cursing himself for not anticipating a weapon.
"I insist on helping you cook," John replied putting a friendly smile on his face.
John shook his head in disbelief. Couldn't
John leaned up and pulled her into a hug. "Being yourself is enough, Harry. It
"The third girl from the right on the front of the brochure?" Sherlock drawled, unenthused. "I know. You did
"I think sooner is better than later," John murmured when he pulled away, "but the choice is still yours."
want?"
John shrugged begrudgingly.
John nodded at the Detective Inspector, and quickly made his way out of the room. Surprisingly, Sherlock was waiting for him on the curb outside.
John's eyes widened slightly, but only slightly as the truth dawned on him. "The best doctors.."
Later, in the lounge, John took a long pull from his tea, and was able to find a sense of calm once more; it was only a semblance of calm, but it would have to do. He glanced over at Molly, seemingly absorbed in her own tea as she sat beside him, and nudged her leg with his own to get her attention. "Thank you for today," he murmured.
Feeling overwhelmingly curious, now that he'd gotten a decent rest, John peered at him over his tea, and asked, "Will you tell me what the plan is for today?"
"Oh don't worry," she soothed, "There's all sorts around here. Mrs. Turner, next door, has some married ones." She whispered the last bit conspiratorially.
The stranger 'hmmed' thoughtfully. "I wondered if there was something going on between him and the previous morgue assistant. She did leave in quite a hurry for some doctors without borders program."
Mycroft regarded him with a patronizingly bored expression. John thought it was time to change that. He began advancing on the elder Holmes brother, slowly.
Sherlock and John both get more than they bargained for...
Sherlock is dying, John is desperate, and they are both about to get a lot more than they bargained for.
But how,
John stepped back and shook his head in confusion, utterly lost. "You're what?"
here?!
"It's not as drastic as it sounds," John said, trying to ease his friend's anxiety. "Apparently, that's just Mycroft's way of saying 'hello;' at least that's what Sherlock told me."
John bit the inside of his cheek and counted to ten. "I was never dating Sherlock Holmes." It had been a long time since John had tried to dissuade the general public from the notion that he and Sherlock were dating, but now John realized that had been just another way to lie to himself, another way to pretend he and Sherlock were more than what they were…
"What?!" the nobleman blustered.
Sherlock seated himself haughtily in his chair, helped himself to John's laptop and began furiously typing. "Go make some tea or something; your just distracting me now."
"So I left you medicine, Sherlock! Didn't you see it?"
. John took a steadying breath, willing his emotional upheaval to the back of his mind. The sooner this case was over with, the better…
John's knees it the back of the bed and he sat, tugging Marcus into his lap. Marcus came willingly, rocking his growing hardness against John's. John groaned and his hands fell to Marcus's bum, urging him closer. The taunt skin, however, was still clothed in pants. John tugged at the fabric and growled, "Off."
Sherlock nodded, "True, but given recent politics, and the probable timing of your injury, Afghanistan was more likely."
Fog lay heavy over the buildings and streets as John navigated his way through London. He'd taken out a PO box shortly after he'd moved in with Sherlock. He didn't think for a moment that his precautions of holding a PO box for his sister's letters, or the winding route he took to collect said letters, kept Sherlock from knowing
She returned his smile jovially. "Call me Mrs. Hudson."
"Sometimes there's a great deal of mystery behind a death, and much of that can be solved in the morgue, if you know what to look for. For example; although this one is easy, I can tell if someone was a smoker by looking at their hands. Most of the time anyway. If they smoked with a pipe then their mouth would give away more than their hands." James talked animatedly, his passion for his craft clearly evident in his face. "Also, it feels like the best way to honor the dead, by telling their story."
The alpha and the omega shared a close, almost cross-eyed glance, before Sherlock pushed himself forward, and into John's waiting arms. John remained sitting, forcing Sherlock to straddle him, but Sherlock found he didn't mind. He
John accepted the coat and quickly pulled it over his shoulders. Sherlock lead the way out of the staff lounge, and John followed, doing his best to ignore the tumult of emotions rioting inside his heart.
"You'll have plenty of interesting details, tomorrow," Sherlock replied dismissively. "Although it
"I love you," John murmured, leaning in to kiss Sherlock's swollen cupid's bow lips. Their tongues danced for a moment before John was pulling away again, kissing, licking, and nibbling his way down Sherlock's neck and chest.
John grimaced when, indeed, he did see a face. There was another body hidden in the false bottom of the coffin. He reached his hand through the opening to check for a pulse...it was there, but it was weak and thready. He scrabbled at the wood, looking for a catch and a hinge that might release his patient. He shoved, and the top portion of the coffin slid aside slightly. He shoved harder. A funeral home employee, possibly the director, ran around the corner just as the top part of the coffin fell away from the first.
Illness
I hope you all enjoy this update!
They were both shaking now and both, in some ways, scarred, and broken, but they were together,
Moriarty's jaw set. "We were a bit too tidy for that. I'd hoped to have
John underlined his second 'anything' so hard he almost tore through the paper. He took a breath, forced himself to take a long sip of tea, and pressed on.
in pain and a massage
the British Government?" James asked with a wry smile, which John easily returned.
Raising his eyes to meet Sherlock's once more, John stepped forward, pulling Sherlock gently, but fiercely, into his arms, settling himself on the edge of the bed, so that he could be as close to him as physically possible. "I love you," John breathed into Sherlock's ear, "I love you so much."
He grimaced as Sherlock's words drifted through his head. He hadn't meant to! It had just...happened. John had thought Sherlock wasn't the type to get bent out of shape about something like that. He had thought... but he was wrong. Had this
~*~*~*~
time he ever did. As much as it hurt, Sherlock
Mr. Miller returned John's smile, seeming reassured. Sherlock continued to lounge in his chair with his head lolled back as though he were badly hangover. "You're case, Mr. Miller," he prompted.
"Every day," Eva replied softly, turning her head back around to meet Harry's gaze once more. "Not all day every day, but pretty much every day. Some days are better than others."
Sherlock wanted to deny it, had probably spent months realizing and deleting that fact, but now that John wasn't around to distract him, there was no escaping it.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth quirked upwards slightly, and he continued. "Anna Reynolds, or the woman pretending to
John's lips trailed over Sherlock's cheek, approaching his lips. "Do you remember your safe word?" John asked.
Sherlock speculated that Mycroft and Greg would linger in 221 B until just after midnight, but if they stayed longer he would have no difficulty finding a place to sleep rough…or more accurately, sit rough and watch John on the night shift via his phone. John did occasionally pick up extra shifts, most doctors working for accident and emergency did, so it was always worth checking, but John had definitely been scheduled for tonight. For the first time since they had begun their…association Johns work schedule had a fixed place in the heart of Sherlock's mind palace.
"My name is Gregory Lestrade, I'm a Detective Inspector with the New Scotland Yard."
"Sherlock, what happened?"
As usual, Sherlock never knew when to stop talking. He continued by saying, "She's planning on blackmailing you, you know, once she's past the typical dates for miscarriage."
"Keep in touch with me as best you can. I'll hold off on this for as long as possible," Eric replied, gesturing to John's letter of resignation.
Dread and cold realization shot down John's spine.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had been right about everything, except Harry's gender. Harry had left Clara to protect her from more heartbreak, and John had taken Harry in, because all they had now, was each other. It had been that way for most of his and Harry's lives... It was entirely possible there were
It was Sherlock's turn to roll his eyes. "
James smiled pleasantly and leaned back in his seat. "Oh, I think it did," he replied. "Things are just starting out, after all."
for them not to test the body's DNA. Given the state of the body it was a justifiable test that would only seem slightly superfluous to his superiors, until the results came back. Still, he did not want to seem callous to the concerns of the family. Ilia looked ready to
Sherlock snorted in disgust and attempted to wriggle out of John's arms in earnest, but John was having none of it. All Sherlock succeeded in doing, was turning around, at which point John pressed himself tightly against Sherlock's back, chuckling softly at his antics. "What brought this particular kindness on?" John asked, leaning up to press gentle kisses into the back of Sherlock's neck.
John's frown deepened. "I'm glad you woke up so quickly. They still want to keep you overnight for observation, though."
a suicide! She was murdered."
John beamed at him and pulled Sherlock in as tight a hug as the hospital bed and bandages would allow. When John finally pulled back he said, "You still owe me an explanation, Sherlock. About this case, and the poison, we're not all consulting detectives you know."
John's eyes flickered back and forth between the dome and the world's only consulting detective. Was this...a peace offering? John opening his mouth, then closed it again, unable to force out any words.
"The Consulting Detective," the other man cut John off, a look of recognition spreading over his face.
." It wasn't a question.
"Now will you tell mphf-" John started to ask in a hushed voice, when Sherlock's hand was pressed none too gently against his face and the consulting detective uttered a quick, "Shh!"
for me."
"Johnny!" his sister whined, pushing ineffectually at his shoulder. "Back off, this is my job!"
"There's hardly much need to try again; I heard the director talking about promoting her to Prima Ballerina within a few months time, once they start their next season."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. As per usual, everyone was focused on details of the least importance and relevance.
Murphy chuckled as though the idea were ludicrous. It was not, such maneuvers had a good chance of being successful and undermining the parent company if they were handled right. If the people who left were as high up as Murphy said they were, they stood a decent chance. Murphy had to know that, surly Mr. Wallingford had too. Their pride and business bravado would never allow them to say it out loud, even to each other when they were both alive, but they knew.
"How did you-?"
John lifted his glass and smiled at her. "This is good. Where did you get it?"
John spent the majority of his mid-morning break sat on one of the benches outside the hospital, enjoying his third cup of coffee. He had just tossed his empty cup in the nearby bin and stood to begin making his way back inside, when a familiar figure caught his eye. She was waving and jogging towards him, her sling and cast holding her injured arm close to her body.
Once the appropriate amount of time had passed, John lifted the tea bag from his cup, shook it gently, and tossed it in the bin. He was just stepping into the sitting room, headed for his chair, when a determined knocking interrupted him. Frowning slightly in confusion, John changed course and pulled open the door. (It was closed now, more often than not. Mrs. Hudson's pitying looks rankled more than the well meant advice of his 'friends.')
"...and a DNA test."
John leaned forward, his curiosity piqued. "What is it called?"
"Thank you for your service," Marcus replied smoothly. "You're a braver man than me. The only battlefield I can handle is the family I work for."
do it eventually, but I have more pressing cases to attend to I'm afraid."
Greetings, and welcome back for the final installment of Choosing Love! ^_^
Sherlock's expression hardened. "Yes. It must be such a relief to you that your sister is getting the treatment she so dearly
"When she gives her statement tell her about New Life Friends Shelter. It's focused on pairing female victims of domestic violence with therapy dogs," Sherlock said, settling the bag of groceries securely in his arms once more.
Watching Sherlock take up his instrument once more, John realized that he really didn't mind if Sherlock had deduced the whole story. For all his temper and bad manners, Sherlock wasn't the type of person to use this story against him Sherlock could be a holy terror and utterly disregarded the opinions of others, but John had never seen him cause pain just for the sake of causing pain. That, more than anything else, bolstered John in his opinion that there was more to the world's only consulting detective than the beast he seemed to want the world to think he was..
to this case. The family was benign and relatively unambitious, at least as far as motive for murder went. The body was ill, but not in way that obviously indicated foul play. Mr. Wallingford's murderer, if there was one, was skilled, or at the very least not as hideously insipid as most of the rest of the word...
staying for the press conference." Lestrade's face never wavered from his serious yet hopeful expression, one crafted just for the sea of press spread out before them. It was obvious, to Sherlock anyway, that Lestrade had been coached.
"Yes, coming," John replied, stepping away from the mirror and memories that were better left forgotten. He opened his door and smiled at Mary, who was waiting just on the other side. She wore a sleeveless form fitting navy dress that hugged her curves all the way to her ankles. "You look beautiful," John said, forcing his eyes, which had followed the curves of her dress to said ankles, back up to Mary's face.
take her seriously?"
, John never expected to be treated so dismissively, not about something so important.
It wasn't a long service. Mary had spoken about having faith, believing in God, but not being particularly religious, so John had tried to focus on what he felt would be most meaningful. The organ music started to swell with a final hymn, and then the pall bearers moved to lift the coffin.
A small, wry smile curved on the edges of Mycroft's lips. "You are very loyal, very quickly."
"Do what?" Sherlock drawled in a lazy baritone.
...He guessed it was fun, in a way. It would be a lot more fun if he wasn't having this silent (or sometimes not so silent) contest of wills with his flatmate, but yes, it was fun. He enjoyed the thrill of the chase, and as much as it was sometimes unsettling, John was always awed by Sherlock's intellect. It almost made John wonder what it would feel like when there
Sherlock had made no secret about his objectives. What if John hadn't seen something more than a brilliant mind and a cold heart? What if he'd only seen the results of a carefully laid plan...Sherlock had written his sister... Sherlock had talked about old cases with him. When Sherlock deigned to listen they had even collaborated on cases. True, most of John's ideas had been wrong, but being Sherlock's sounding board had seemed to help him focus.
Anna Reynolds, was seated beside us at the restaurant tonight."
, if you would like to review them."
"Not funny," John agreed, his hands raised in surrender as he stepped over to the couch and sat down beside her. "Do you usually read out loud?" If so he'd have to tell her not to stop on his account; living with Sherlock was the ultimate training in tolerating distractions. It might even be nice to hear snippets of stories, certainly a lot nicer that
Sherlock lurched forward and seized the bag immediately. With deft movements he quickly freed the bag of its contents, gingerly lifting the nightgown out of the plastic. On the sides, about where the hands would be, were two smears of a deeply troubling ruddy color.
Ilia was on his feet in an instant. "I did
It really must've been a good day, because John found himself able to laugh at the thought of Sherlock making a spectral appearance just to get John to stop wearing his scarves.
"Glad to know I'm useful for
"Turn around," John murmured, and Sherlock complied, counting John's footfalls as he stared at his own bed. He felt the heat of John's body before he was touched, John's hands reaching around his torso to slowly undo the buttons of his shirt.
For the time being, Sherlock turned his mind inward, settling on Mycroft and Lestrade. Things weren't likely to escalate from the current standoff, and with time they would, hopefully, both relax. John wasn't going to come back, and life would go on.
John was struck by the intensity of Sherlock's gaze. He was an intense man in general, but it was something altogether different to have that intensity fixed on you. "Is that better?" John murmured, his breath ghosting over Sherlock's hands while his own resumed their gentle rubbing.
Many thanks to everyone who commented on, subscribed to, and/or gave kudos to this work.  Your support means a lot to me.  ^_^
Sherlock assumed his thinking pose, was silent for a few beats, then said, "She's not doing well right now, because she's scared of coming back, of what that might mean for her, but that's hardly unusual. She's made a true effort to examine her behavior and what feeds it, although that terrifies her."
John was in Sherlock's bed, again.  Sherlock had insisted when John nearly fell trying to rush down the steps towards the bathroom.
Upon returning to the living room John bent down and slid his arms securely under Sherlock's arms and knees, pulling the world's only consulting detective close to his chest. Once he was secure of his grip, John stood, lifting Sherlock with him. He took measured steps, not wanting to drop his friend, nor prolong the trip to the bedroom. Dead weight was dead weight, no matter how light it was, or how strong the person carrying it was. Sherlock's head lolled ominously against John's neck and shoulder.
His smile fell from his face as he considered James's words, and his flatmate's current situation. "No," he said softly. "I don't think anyone has cause to be jealous of Sherlock Holmes. Not right now, anyway."
John rolled his eyes. "Ah, yes. Other people suffering is so tedious. Whatever shall we do about it?" His sarcasm, however, fell on deaf ears. John watched as Sherlock studied the stains under his microscope. After a moment he used delicate tweezers to pluck particulate matter from the fabric, then put
"Is this why Mr. Wallingford was working so many late nights?" Sherlock pressed, not wanting to lose momentum.
"I should have some time, just after Nikki is loaded into the ambulance," Sherlock replied with a calculated smile. The ambulances arrived at just that moment, and it took almost no time at all for Sherlock to help the first responders secure Nikki onto a gurney.
There was another sigh, and the floor creaked as John's weight shifted. When his voice came again, it was still a command, still very much the voice of an alpha, but it was also full of worry, which softened the tone of John's voice considerably. "Sherlock...look at me."
When John had committed himself to gaining Sherlock's assistance for Harry, no matter the cost, he'd expected a difficult, painful battle. True there had been some exhaustion and there was the potential for physical danger, but it was the silent emotional war Sherlock had declared when they struck their deal that unnerved the ex-army doctor. He was torn between wanting to find compassion for Sherlock, and being brought up short by the sudden and malicious behavior of the world's only consulting detective. The doctor in him wanted to see someone wounded and fix them; the soldier's hackles were raised for battle. If nothing else, this mental tug of war would wear him thin...
John turned his gaze back to Sherlock and murmured, "You did a good thing today."
"Thank you, Mary," John murmured as she slipped off his tie.
"Hello?"
Sherlock, he missed the cases, he missed it
"Leave it," Marry encouraged, ushering John back out the door. "We can grab food out if we're hungry, and I can clean it up when we get back."
"She's been so cold all of a sudden. Distant. She's not being rude or disrespectful, but something is different. I wasn't quite sure what to do about it, because the change was so subtle. But then she'd been to the doctor several times, so I thought perhaps something was ailing her. It's not really my place to ask, you see." Mr. Brenton chuckled nervously and smoothed his tie before continuing.
The ex-army doctor was past hoping he could embarrass his flatmate, but Sherlock only chuckled,
Maybe that was why everyone that still bothered to speak to John was so concerned that he wasn't "over" Sherlock... Because he wasn't. He never would be, and that showed in every fiber of John's being, no matter how much he was "getting on with his life." ...And that was okay. Sherlock was meant to be a part of him just as, John hoped, he had been meant to be part of Sherlock, even if only in the platonic sense. John and Sherlock. Sherlock and John. That's just how things were.
The owner nodded and winked at John. "Two water's right away. And I'll get a candle for your table." He leaned closer to John and added in a conspiratorial whisper, "It's more romantic, and this young gentleman is a much better choice than your last."
to be happy right now. He didn't
John chuckled as Sherlock lowered his head once more, planting soft kisses along his doctor's neck. John worked his fingers at the buttons of Sherlock's oxford shirt, breathing in the warmth and energy of his lover...
true. The only version of the truth he felt up to sharing with others, anyway.
"I have the right to be picky," Sherlock replied indignantly, moving his queen into play.
Sherlock wasn't surprised by her reaction Nikki had experienced many men, especially her father, making false promises to her. That, combined with the warning John had obviously given her, drove her over the edge of suspicion very quickly. Sherlock didn't try to stop her, or shout reassurances after her, as she turned and ran. Words, in her world and in most of reality, meant very little.
Lestrade blinked thoughtfully at the closed front door. He was very familiar with Sherlock's cutting and heartless comments, if they weren't deductions they were calculated barbs, attempts to wrench open a person so he could get to the truth of a case. This though...something about this felt different.
Sherlock leaned in closer, speaking in hushed tones so that the cabbie wouldn't hear. "I researched our imposters before we went to the restaurant, and again on my phone while you were sleeping."
"It will," John assured her, placing a hand on her shoulder. "It can get better forever if you go into residential treatment after detox, start working a program."
Sherlock pulled his hands away from his eyes and blinked in the florescent light of the kitchen, trying to blink away the image of John's face just before he fell... He
John's lips curved into a smirk. "Are you done?" he asked, referring to Sherlock's fruitless protests.
Getting into the building itself was easier, the locks were hardly worth picking they were so simple. It was dark inside, so they turned on their torches and used the maintenance stairwell to gain access to the basement. When they neared the bottom, the smell hit them.
Mr. Brenton paled further, and nodded. "Exactly," he said quietly. "My maid, Camilla Rais, has…well… I don't know how to explain what's happened. She started working for us three years ago when my son, Daniel was born. She's helped out tremendously, and has always been a very hard worker. She's such a soothing presence to have in the house; I really don't know how we would've gotten by without her."
John frowned. All the things he had said
: Overcome
"Right, just…just don't do anything stupid Sherlock, okay?"
have the common sense to wear gloves when he began pawing through, first the general garbage, then the kitchen garbage, and finally the bins in each bathroom. Nothing John saw seemed out of the ordinary. There were paper towels, tea bags, assorted food garbage, some used sanitary napkins from the master bath, dental floss, etc. Still, if the slight curl at the end of Sherlock's mouth was anything to go by, he was pleased by what he found.
"I said he may have been here. The ground is too trodden over by animal paths, and human foot prints. Probably some teenagers use this wreckage for drunken revelry."
~*~*~*~
"Go?" John echoed, not following.
John took a few more mouthfuls of soup and looked thoughtful. "Well," he said at last, "I was out for a walk—Sherlock can be a bit much to handle at times—and the phone box beside me started ringing. I looked around, but I didn't see anyone, so I kept walking. Then the next one I passed rang, and the next. Finally I picked it up, and asked who was there. The only thing I heard was, 'Get in the car, Dr. Watson.' That sounded more than a bit ominous, especially since a black Bentley was just pulling to the curb. I hung up the phone and tried to get away, but two large men got out of the car and forced me into it. I would've put up more of a fight, but there was another man waiting in the car who introduced himself as Mycroft Holmes."
is Harry?!"
John's eyes widened. "I-" he started, but Mary cut him off.
~*~*~*~
Mummy had been worried about Sherlock hurting himself when he was cutting the wood and installing the wire. Still, after almost ten years of raising her overly precocious offspring, she knew it was better to supervise instead of deny the majority of his projects. Denial only ever resulted in bigger explosions and less access to proper safety equipment.
"I'm Dr. John Watson," he introduced himself, shaking both of their hands. He wanted to them to understand what was happening as best as they could, but he also didn't want to draw out their suspense, which must be agonizing. "I was part of the medical team working with Mrs. Morris. I'm very sorry to inform you that she just passed away, likely from complications from her surgery."
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at his blogger. "Blind devotion?" he drawled, the hint of a sarcastic smile on his lips."
A few relatively quiet days bled into a week, and John was beginning to sympathize with Sherlock about the lack of cases. He had been informed, by Greg, Mrs. Hudson, and Sherlock that cases could come hard and fast, even before John's entrance into 221 B, but that did nothing to help him now. An entire week with no one but Sherlock for company was driving him up a wall. If he wasn't experimenting, he was sawing away on his violin, or finding some other way of making John's life miserable. At least he hadn't tried to shoot the wall again.
"It was an accident Mr. Walker," Nicole said, her features defiant even if her tone was respectful. She'd had enough disappointments from her father to know what to expect from men like Mr. Walker.
"She's Sherlock and John's daughter," Greg replied. They had gone over who was taking care of who a few times so, for clarity's sake he felt compelled to add, "My sister, Sarah Langley, and her husband Anthony passed away last year, and I took guardianship of her children."
"Thank you for meeting me like this," James said, leaning back in his chair, "It's nice to get away from the office on such a nice day."
he had so much time on his hands. He forced himself to refocus. "Do you come here often?"
"Meet me in the staff room, I'll explain once you get here."
John and Marcus walked together towards the elevator, and John smiled when he felt Marcus's fingers link with his own.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at him. "It wasn't my intention, but she had written me to offer her thanks, and I replied that thanks was hardly necessary considering her high likely hood of failure. That made her angry and we argued back and forth for a while, now she's thanking me again." Sherlock shook his head, gently. "She makes about as much sense as you do."
For now, I am on to a smaller project, called "What If." It will be my first, and probably last omegaverse, written by request. My next big project after that will be entitled, "Choosing Love." Here's a little sneak peak on that one:
Trigger Warning:  This is a murder case.
arrived."
Bryan shoved Sherlock violently into the sofa once more before storming out of the room with a gruff, "We're done here!"
Sherlock shrugged, throwing an arm over his eyes to block out the too bright light of the living room. "I'm not infallible."
say it wasn't enough money. I never said I would give you any more," Sherlock drawled, the bored tone creeping back into his voice.
asking Mycroft for professional favors. Not because Mycroft wouldn't gladly assist him, but because he knew they were both proud of their work, and wanted to succeed on their own merits. … Still…this might actually be the best option for Laurali. Otherwise she was likely to spend the night at the hospital… He let out a long sigh, and nodded his assent. "Yes, fine, okay." He turned and pointed an accusing finger at John, "When we have things settled I want her back in one piece."
As infuriating as the experience had been, John had to admit that he was impressed... Forcing his attention back to the present, John scanned the computer screen in front of him. "Was it the gardens?"
The world's only consulting detective nodded at the bereft figure before him, "Miss. Williams," he said by way of farewell. He turned a nodded similarly at her father, who had crossed the room to kneel beside his daughter and reach for her hands. She wailed and flailed in her hysteria, and would not return his consoling grasp.
A calm, clear voice picked up the line. "Edelweiss Recovery Center, Lynn speaking. How can I help you?"
Toby pulled at his leash, finally moving away from the cages and towards the ring. It was close to the center of the large space, as Sherlock had suspected, furthest away from the ventilation, and the air felt thicker, stiller, and more ominous. The sand at the center was rust colored and ill kempt, with paw prints disturbing the rake patterns underneath. Toby sneezed as they approached, as if the smell offended him, but pressed on into the enclosure around the ring.
to see my husband! Haven't you done everything you need to do by now?"
John started to speak again, drawing Sherlock's attention back to him. "I never once took advantage of an omega in heat." Sherlock's mouth fell open, a protest ready on his lips, but John pressed on before Sherlock could vocalize his doubts. "I never wanted to ruin someone's plans, or rob them of the chance to choose for themselves, so I re-routed my instincts."
Sherlock was nestled in the same vent shaft he'd been in for hours. His legs had long ago gone numb from the cramped quarters, but he refused to move. As far as he had deduced, Moriarty was only ever directly in contact with one or two trusted others, one of whom being the woman he'd seen earlier. The other, a gruff sounding man, had never yet come far enough into the room for Sherlock to get a look at him; it seemed he was stationed at the entrance way to the small enclosure where Moriarty had secluded himself. The woman had not returned, and Sherlock assumed that the remaining man was the highest ranking lackey.
John growled in irritation and thrust the papers back at Sherlock. "What's the story, then?" he asked impatiently.
"Sherlock!" John hissed, turning back to his unabashed flatmate, who was grinning now. "When did you do that?"
John took a breath. "I've been thinking about your offer to be flatmates, and I've decided to accept, assuming you're still interested."
It took he ex-army doctor a moment to realize that Sherlock had spoken. He looked up with furrowed brows. "I'm sorry?"
Sherlock had fought him
"Then, you should go," John replied at last. Harriet looked up at him, disbelieving, but John persisted. "A safe place sounds like the perfect environment for recovery. I'll hold down the fort here as long as you need, Harry. You'll always have a home with me."
Sherlock shifted his gaze to the coffee table and nodded. "I did, but I had other business to attend to."
Deep breath. In. Out. Focus. John's eyes were already searching for a cab before he reached back to pull the front door closed. He had to get to a hotel, secure a room, find a safe place to land... someplace far away from here...
"I'm sorry," John repeated, running a hand through his hair. "Damn, this is the last place I expected to see
John took a breath. "I think something's wrong with some of the medication we used last night. There was a young woman, a girl really, she overdosed. I think we should have been able to revive her."
"A few weeks ago," Mr. Miller said miserably. "She started meeting with these computer programmers who were trying to get her to back their project. They told her that they were working on making technology more accessible in third world countries for schools and water purification and things... Anna's always had a big heart, so the project really thrilled her..." He smiled ruefully for a moment before sobering. "I became suspicious when the meetings starting bleeding into her evenings and weekends. It's not uncommon for Anna to make new friends this way, but something just didn't feel right. She was harder and harder to get hold of, which isn't normal. We've known each other since primary school; we've been best friends for years, but now..."
to think for a moment. Thinking and over-thinking had done nothing but confuse him, and while John had been the first to notice this case, Sherlock, and apparently Mary, were far better suited to moving this case forward at the moment. When they had another lead, when it was time for action, he would help. Right now, all he wanted was a short reprieve from the mental, emotional, and physical turmoil that his life had become.
"I wasn't trying to; I was worried about you. It's a good thing I
It took John a moment to realize that Sherlock was referencing with Dwight case. When he did, he smiled. "I don't mind patching you up in the name of your work, but self-destruction isn't part of the deal, Sherlock." As John spoke his voice became firm, insistent.
"You've created quite a spectacle out here, Sherlock. You forget I'm used to working with you," Lestrade cut in.
John blinked, opened his mouth, and swallowed, licking his lips. He didn't know what to say. "You...you've been writing my sister?"
"Of course you love your husband," Sherlock said irritably, eager to get to the point. "Just look at your wedding ring."
place to start a fire, particularly if you don't want to be blamed for arson," Sherlock replied, circling the structure like a bird of prey about to move in for the kill. "Think about it, John. Who would think twice about someone mismanaging a fireplace? It happens all the time. Throw in a story about an awful row just before the business trip and how your wife drank when she was upset, and no one would question it. Poor distraught, drunk woman, it's a wonder she didn't burn down the whole neighborhood."
Still, there was nothing he could really do but keep his wits about him and wait for the train to bring him back to England. John wished he'd been able to book a flight, but, being so close to Christmas everything was taken. If he was honest with himself he'd been lucky to get the train ticket, and he should be grateful...
"I had unlocked it, but it was sitting idle long enough that it went to screen saver," Mary explained, not looking up from the work on her screen. "I figured it was a better use of my time to gather information then to keep your laptop perpetually ready to use." She paused to take a drink from the glass of water she'd left on the desk. "I see you got a good head start."
Sherlock scanned the papers in front of him, his frown deepening. He flipped the pages. Some held only figures, others snapshots of what were presumably his own cells under a microscope. John leaned over his shoulder, examining the pages as well. "I don't understand," he murmured, "This all looks normal.. well, you're anemic, but that's really no surprise."
"Quiet!" Sherlock hissed. "We don't have much time."
Sherlock got to his feet in a movement that looked like a massive shrug. "You will not have to arrest me again." Sherlock assured him, belatedly adding, "This week."
worth it!"
There was no other exit to the basement except for the one behind Mr. Werner, so Sherlock ran forward to meet him. Just before they collided, Sherlock skittered to the right, causing Mr. Werner to stumble before he could turn around. His bulk was working against him.
John wished he could believe their client. Where were all these 'kind' instincts when his daughter was born? How could he actually care about her when he'd spent so much of her life in willful ignorance of her fate? And why was his old relationship such a scandal anyway? All he'd done was
Greg's face reddened and he swiped something small and rectangular out of Sherlock's outstretched hand. Leaning close to the lanky man, Greg hissed, "
John paused. He hadn't really talked about his sister much. He'd mentioned to James that he was helping his sister, but he'd felt too protective to give more details as of yet.
John obliged him, but only for a moment. "What kind of nothing?" The question was whispered against Sherlock's lips as John locked his gaze with Sherlock's.
When Marcus pulled back with a wet 'pop' John reached for him, assuming that Marcus would climb up his body again. Instead, Marcus took John's hands in his and placed them in his hair. "I want you to push me, move me the way you want to. I enjoy it."
Sherlock nodded. "I can go with you next time, if you like."
Soon John felt his pain easing and small tingles breaking out down his arms and back.  It was a long time, John couldn't say how long, before Sherlock's fingers final left his head.  When they did, he had no more pain.  John opened his eyes, reached out, and wrapped Sherlock's arms around him.
"I'm sorry," John replied, "You caught me a bit off-guard there."
"What's happened?" Sherlock asked, watching Mary step back into the room and move over to the phone, bending down so that she could hear.
here?"
John frowned. "Did I hit you?" It was common for him to flail in his sleep, and strike with force.
"How was it, really?" Mary's voice was still soft, and her face was calm.
Sherlock smiled and leaned in to kiss her on the cheek. "I have no worries. You have a high tolerance for pain, just like me."
Tossing his used paper towel into the bin by the door, John turned around, closing the door behind him, and went to explore the spare bedroom. When John flipped on the light switch, lamps on the bedside table illuminated the room in a soft glow. The walls were a dark brown with white trim. The ceiling was also white, offering a sense of space to the room. The carpet which covered the floor was a lighter brown that accented the space well. The bed was large, a king size, with matching brown and white bedding. There was a piece of art hung above the bed, a snapshot of the deep woods. The bed frame and the bedside tables on either side of the bed were a deep brown wood that glowed in the light of the lamps. There was a dresser to the right of the door, and a wardrobe pushed against the far right wall. A small desk was flush with the far left wall with a black chair beside it and a small lamp atop it. The simple theme made the room feel cozy, secure. There were no windows, but John found he didn't miss them.
Sherlock nodded slowly, still trying to wrap his mind around what John was telling him. "You compartmentalized your psyche."
Pride and possessiveness swelled in John's chest as Sherlock's legs fell open in arousal. Lube was severely underrated, especially for omegas. Omega slick, while copious during most heats, wasn't always enough for penetration, and even if it was, lube could add significantly to other sensations, as it seemed to be doing now.
The muscles across her belly and hips quivered, tightening once more. Laurali surged forward, mouth and eyes open as her Papa had instructed. She grunted with effort, then began a long, low cry that rose sharply in volume until she ran out of breath. She gasped and let out one final, "ugh!" as her son slid wetly from her body.
"Your phone. It was resting in your breast pocket, probably so you could keep a better eye on it, you didn't live in the best of neighborhoods. It was expensive. You were looking, desperately, for money, you wouldn't waste any on this. It must have been a gift. There were scratches on the case, not just one, but many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. A responsible man wouldn't treat his one luxury item like this. It's had a previous owner then. The next bit's easy."
Sherlock
John moved towards the fireplace and stoked the logs before turning towards the coffee table. He intended to pick up one of the books piled there, as he'd just been thinking about, when he noticed a splash of white against the dark hardwood floor. John adjusted his course and bent to scoop up the envelope that had been pushed under his door. He smiled as he saw the decorative J emblazoned on the front.
at Sherlock lately. He really was a monster...
," Sherlock had said at last. "
John turned back to Molly, his fingers closing around the vial she had tested. He quickly sequestered the damning bottle away in his coat pocket. Molly still looked pale and drawn, because she knew what her findings meant for all of them. "Thank you for your help, Molly," John murmured.
John finished prepping the tea, and went to re-join their guest. He seemed to have re-gained a bit of his color, and thanked John as he passed him a mug. "There's some sort of rational explanation for this, right?" Mr. Brenton asked in a half whisper. "There has to be, there just
Mary nodded and grinned. "Good, I was going to insist that you helped anyway." She stood and straightened her coat. "Shall we go?"
He saw Mary leave the building and rest her hand on John's rigid shoulder. He had been loitering outside 221 waiting for Mary, and his entire body was as tight as Sherlock's bow strings. Mary forcibly slipped her arm through John's and started to walk with him, talking as she went. He was still tense, and his answers to Mary were clipped. Just before they rounded the corner and slipped out of sight Sherlock saw John's shoulders start to relax. Sherlock knew he had been right, and that Mary was already persuading John. Now it was time for Sherlock to make his own arrangements.
"What?
John and Sherlock shared a glance, then moved as one towards the exit, barely stifling a round of giggles. Lestrade glared after them but refrained from commenting. Sadly, it would only encourage them…
"Johnny?"
Sara looked thoughtful for a long moment, then sighed. "I hear what you're saying John, but I don't have any additional hours right now."
Mr. Walker turned slowly towards Sherlock, frowning. "Excuse me?"
"You're welcome," she replied warmly.
John turned the page and broke out into startled laughter when he was confronted with a small picture of one of their for holiday's together. Everyone was there. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, even Mycroft had made a small appearance that year. Mycroft had managed a small, polite smile for the photograph, while Sherlock scowled boldly in the midst of the grinning faces of his friends. John still carried a copy of this photograph in his own wallet to this day. It was too perfect a representation of his friend to let go.
John sighed and let go of the needle, lowering his hand onto the torso of the dead woman.
Her words brought John up short and he glanced at Sherlock, who looked like he just might be fighting a smile. "I'm sorry?"
The priest began to speak and John did his best to concentrate on the words.
Mr. Brenton's face had turned a deep shade of crimson. "Get out, Mr. Holmes!" He ordered. "Get off of my property before I set the dogs on you!"
There was no taking it back; John had made that abundantly clear. Sherlock wasn't even sure he wanted to. To feel vulnerable emotions was one thing, but to act on them… It was a pointless struggle, everything was already over and done with. What he needed to focus on now was his cases, his experiments, his clients. Those had always been his priorities, and they weren't going to change. Now if only he could focus…
Sherlock's tension and irritation were mounting. He'd never been good at controlling either, and he wanted a case! An actual case, and a good one! Sherlock slammed the laptop shut with a soft growl.
"And humble, too." James took a long pull from his tea before continuing. "I was thinking of moving closer to St. Bart's; I'd be happy to take you on as a flatmate."
Sherlock scoffed quietly. He was a consulting detective, not a life coach.
John looked around at the bare bland walls of his motel room and stood. He had to get out. He'd never been claustrophobic, but the space suddenly felt suffocating. He pulled on his shoes and jacket, checked his wallet for the key card, and he was out the door. He left his phone. He hadn't turned it on since that last series of texts from Greg.
"The meeting William is supposed to be attending is on the eighth floor," Sherlock's voice came again. "We're going to take the service elevator up. I couldn't get anything from the security cameras in this building; I'm not sure what we're walking into."
Sherlock looked up when he heard his brother's measured pace coming down the hall and grinned in anticipation. He scrambled off the bench, which he had built to accompany the piano, and waited anxiously for his brother to appear.
worthy promotions, but then we needed to bring in temps to fill in the gaps those transitions left, and we still haven't quiet stabilized. It will happen, it just takes time." Mr. Murphy sounded unsure, even to himself. If things had already been difficult, the untimely death of the head of the company must have hurt their image. As if his weak heart portrayed some inner failing in the company... God, people were so stupid...
John chuckled and surprised himself by doing so. It had been a long time since he'd laughed and meant it. Reading that much made him want to press on a bit further.
There wasn't enough evidence to prove it
. Let me find her killer. No one else is looking."
The world's only consulting detective swallowed hard against the unfamiliar emotion of guilt. He was afraid for John. For the first time in a very long time he was afraid for someone else. How had he let this happen? Irrelevant, that would not bring him to a solution; it would not help keep John safe.
"You have frightened me several times tonight, but never in the way that servants of the Enemy would, or so I imagine. I think one of his spies would - well, seem fairer and feel fouler, if you understand." –J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
John raised his eyebrows skeptically. "I thought you don't work on your nights off."
is how you allow your men to behave?!"
John ran a hand through his hair and turned to stare sightlessly at the rows and rows of medical texts on the wall, trying very hard
"Just a moment!" came a cheery, welcoming voice from the back.
The owner took their orders and disappeared once more into the kitchen. John looked back at Sherlock's thoughtful face and remembered how quickly their arrangement was about to come to a close. "Are you disappointed?" John asked, peering at his flatmate over his menu.
There was no response.
The shocked face of the reported, and everyone else for that matter, brought John back to reality.  Oh God, what was he
"What are
"It's not wasted," Lestrade reasoned, "the medical examiner is performing his own autopsy as we speak."
He was dying.
John felt an arm coil tightly around his side and pull him closer to Sherlock. He looked unsteadily up into his flat mate's gray/blue eyes, his breath coming out in short puffs and he shivered.
Harry looked doubtfully at the screen in front of her, desire and hesitation warring on her face. "But Johnny, the money..."
Sherlock's mouth was agape again. What the
The ex-army doctor whirled around a stunned, overjoyed, and relieved smile breaking over his face as he rushed to meet his sister. "Harry!"
Sherlock held back a smile of satisfaction because he knew he was right. Susan had many classic symptoms of PTSD and being a victim of domestic violence. She frightened easily, made excuses for her boyfriend, and covered up her injuries, but she still had a strong drive to protect the dogs she looked after. It was the one thing she hadn't let herself stop caring about.
His words certainly couldn't ensure that his consulting detective came back to him safely. For all his emotional upheaval... this might really be the end of their story. He would get the details from Mycroft later, if the worst came, but Sherlock would still be...
want?" John repeated once more, so softly that Sherlock hardly heard him.
the kind of knowledge that helps me win cases."
John's through constricted and his eyes filled with tears of relief. "Don't ever do that again! You could have died!"
John fought back a sigh. He worked, he'd been out with Mary, and he'd started talking to Lestrade again, but no matter what he did nothing seemed to
. I asked who shot the gentleman we observed in the study last night."
: Sentiment
"Couldn't they have adopted?" John asked. "Especially if they were as wealthy as you say?"
Sherlock shook his head. "Not yet, too soon and he'll see us coming out."
When Sherlock had been examined and his bones set, he was settled into a private room at St. Bart's for 'observation.' Sherlock groused at the idea of staying in the hospital, but John was in no mood to be argued with. John's hands needed some light bandages for the abrasions he suffered in his mad dash to make sure Sherlock was still alive, but he, like Sherlock, was utterly unrepentant about his injuries.
"Not all of the cases make for good blog posts," John continued. "I try to pick interesting ones that, hopefully will draw new cases, ones interesting enough to satisfy Mr. 'World's Only Consulting Detective'."
to see me again that you
"I know what you mean," John replied softly, resting his hand lightly over her foot, which was pressing into his thigh.
Sherlock leaned forward slightly, and the movement caught Susan's attention, forcing her eyes back to his. "This best and
John knew he didn't have all the details of the particular historical event. He wasn't even sure of this general's name, but he'd still made his point, and it was a good one. Still, he couldn't help but think that Sherlock would've known the name of the general, and more details about the event. Hell, he'd probably had it tucked away in his mind palace in case some criminal ever put a virulent strain of MERSA on a sharp edge which would scratch their intended victim and make it look like an accidental death.
John looked up and found Sherlock busily sorting through paper, just as he had been when John woke up. Was he really that unmoved? Somehow, John doubted it. There was a sharpness to Sherlock's movements now, a slight jerkiness. John was
Shameless self promotion: Thank you for taking the time to read my story, and I hope you enjoyed it. I will be working on the "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling." I hope you will consider giving them a look as well. ^_^
~*~*~*~
Sherlock swallowed and forced himself to return his attention to Mycroft and Lestrade exclusively. The possibility of his brother and Lestrade entering into a romantic relationship had not escaped him, but when that possibility had become a reality, it had surprised him. Mycroft and Lestrade had developed their association, initially, with the focus of keeping Sherlock alive. His substance use in his younger years had been excessive, a futile attempt to alleviate the boredom before he'd properly settled into his career.
~*~*~*~
He'd known the blow was coming, but it was stronger than he had expected, and Sherlock's deflection was only partially effective. It was more a graze than a direct hit, but Bryan's family ring nicked the skin of Sherlock's cheek, and he could feel a small trickle of blood welling at the injury.
The heart wants what the heart wants, and it has a way of making itself understood.
Laurali's voice called out to them from the toilet. "Papa….Dad…
The waiter returned and placed a plate of nicely seared scallops on the table between them. "So, how was your day?" John asked, picking up his knife and fork.
It would have seemed alarmingly easy to John. Sherlock had discussed with the good doctor once how much escapes the notice of everyday people who are trained, almost by default, not to notice anything outside themselves in the name of polite society, a trait not helped by the increased focus of tablets, cell phones, and social media. Sherlock recognized he also focused heavily on his cell phone at times, but at least he did something
"The fireplace is
John held up one finger to silence her while he listened, suddenly desperate to hear Sherlock answer him, but the phone just rang, and rang, and rang...
, but looking at her now John wondered just how similar she was to Sherlock. There were some key differences, they weren't at all the same person, but the similarities were striking enough that John wondered what exactly their time in his life said about
John followed Eric down a short hallway to a neat office lined with diplomas and medical texts. Eric sat behind the desk and gestured for John to take the seat across from him. John sat.
There were voices talking and then retreating footsteps. He hoped they weren't going to take him to the hospital after all; he really would be fine.
"Grandma Hudson's old apartment should be ready for you," Laurali explained.
John stood and started to pace. He managed to keep his feet under him, but only barely. His mind was mired in the possible situations Alexander could've landed himself in. He'd been the only friend John had (sort of) made in the last three years...
"Actually I think they're bringing it back," Mary replied, letting her legs slip to the floor and her hands gather in her lap.
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
The counselor nodded thoughtfully, then frowned. "Perhaps I am misremembering, Harry, but I thought you had shared that it was you who had left her."
"And your name was Langley before you married?" She still sounded confused and Greg was starting to lose his patience.
Sherlock leaned up and recaptured John's lips as his own fingers tugged John's shirt free and traced idle patterns against the warm skin of John's back.
Turning back around John stepped forward and collected both the bag for the bin, making sure to replace it with a fresh one, and the sharps container. He would need a fresh sharps container from the supply room. The bag and the sharps container were easy to carry with one hand, so John held them low and slightly in front of him. Holding them behind himself would make them look more conspicuous, but this way it didn't look like he was making an effort to hide them
Mary shrugged. "It's fine. I'm a bad patient and I know it, but most medical staff are."
Sherlock pushed John back just far enough to rasp, "I
John gasped when Marcus slipped from his grasp and inched his way lower. Marcus kissed his way over to John's hip, licking a broad stripe against the hollow before positioning himself against John's legs. John lifted his head and watched as Marcus freed the condom from its package and slipped it over his length. John fought a groan and licked his lips again. The condom was thin and well lubricated, clinging to the sensitive skin of his erection.
Mary shook her head. "Don't be, Sean was an extraordinary man, and I loved every moment we had together. I wouldn't trade it for anything, even knowing how it would've turned out."
Slipping his phone into his pocket, the Detective Inspector went to join the fun, and, with some luck, prevent any injuries.
When John reached the death certificate once more he felt his cheeks grow hot with embarrassment. He
Waking up with Sherlock pressed against him the next morning was a great deal less confusing than the odd smiles Mrs. Hudson sent him the rest of the week when she thought he wasn't looking.
As a result of their needling, John hardly spoke to them anymore. He still lived at 221 B Baker Street, so this occasional made paying the rent a touch awkward.
John looked over at Sherlock who was already holding out his hand and said, "Uh, yeah, sure. Here he is."
She paused beside John and stretched her hand out to him. "Thank you for your help, doctor. It's always so frightening when I get a strong attack.
"Thank you, Molly," John said as he passed the bag over to her.
John clenched his teeth together to bite back a scathing retort. This would be awful. This would be utter hell, but he would do this for Harry. "How did you know I see a therapist?" he ground out,
the way John's hands clung possessively to his back, fingertips tracing along his spine. He
Sherlock sat down on the sofa and sighed. There
John swallowed when he remembered last night's revelations. Sherlock was
"You play for me?" John asked, disbelieving.
James chuckled softly as he handed John one of the two large bottles of water he had brought with him. "Yes, of course."
John flinched with the suppressed urge to grimace, and braced himself for
Trigger warning: Some of this chapter is from the point of view of the killer, and they aren't very...sane, or nice. Just FYI.
death certificate.
John was staring at him now, slightly open mouthed at the ease with which all this had been read off of him. Sherlock continued undeterred.
John finally lifted his eyes to Sherlock's, noting again the faint bruising under the eyes and the slight gauntness to his face. John had been too confused, and then too angry to really look at Sherlock during the Holloway incident. Now worry returned unbidden, just as it had when he'd first approached Sherlock about this case. John had been angry then too, so the worry had been easy to brush off. Now though…
"My letter," Sherlock murmured, shaking his head, trying to clear the spots from his vision.
had taken out a restraining order in Anna's name against me." He shook his head, reigning in his focus. "I stormed up just as she was leaving; there was enough of a crowd out that she didn't quite see me until I was right up next to her." He jutted out his chin defiantly, his eyes hardening. "Anna had chicken pox when she was three, like most kids, and since then she's had a small round scar in the hollow of her right cheek.
do it, but not in the time he had allotted. He'd always known that Molly was smart, smarter than most people gave her credit for, but he doubted he would ever understand the single-minded passion that had driven her to murder.
Sherlock was dimly aware of John pulling back, gently licking over his abused flesh, encouraging the blood to clot.
a regular distraction from his thoughts at the moment.
on her face as she spoke with her friend. It was so vibrant and full of life that it seemed wholly disrespectful of her loss.
The ex-army doctor's steely gaze met that of his companion. "Break this thing down, we're taking it with us."
They both chuckled, then Sherlock started to cough in a way that cause worry to bloom again in John's chest. What the hell was he doing sitting around
Mycroft alighted from the ladder and sauntered over to them, idly twirling his umbrella with one hand, while his other rested firm in his trouser pocket. John's jaw tightened, as did his grip on his gun. This man's little
John pressed his hand firmly into his forehead and prayed for patience. "Is it really so much to ask that you start making sense every now and again?!"
John sighed, his eyes clouding with memories. "We were everything but, if I'm honest. At least I think we were." His voice was as soft as Mary's had been, reflecting the hurt he still felt. "We spent all of our time together. If I wasn't running mad all over London with him, or sometimes farther, then we were at home and I was trying to convince him not to blow up the flat."
"Anytime," Mary replied standing and returning their chairs to their original positions at the table.
John sighed before speaking, prompting Mary to ask, in a much more focused voice, "What's wrong?" Her concern caused a fleeting smile to dance over his features. Mary was a very dependable and loyal person, both qualities he found highly attractive.
There was no fire, but the momentary panic and confusion easily allowed the pair to make it through the kitchen and out onto the grounds. Alarms were sounding now, and John didn't know if they were for him, or because of the presumed fire. Either way he didn't care and he didn't stop as Sherlock ran headlong into a small bit of woods that surrounded the edges of the campus. They reached the wall closing the property in and, with surprising ease, hoisted each other up and over it.
"I don't see how that's so unusual," John replied, finally reaching for and drinking the last of his water.
"Sherlock, Mr. Wallingford only died
"What?" John asked, glancing into the bathroom, then back up at Sherlock's rapidly retreating form. "What did you find?"
. The fall Sherlock had just took... John shuddered and shook his head. There could still be life threatening injuries causing Sherlock to bleed out from inside...
John eased in a second finger alongside the first, swallowing Marcus's gasp with a kiss. He moved his joined fingers gently at first, probing and stretching, ensuring everything was slick with lube. Marcus rocked against his hand, impaling himself, breaking their kiss with a moan.
Sherlock blinked open his irritated eyes and rubbed them again. Had it been several days since he'd last slept? He'd lost count. A wicked smirk grew on his lips at the realization. It had been so
Sherlock smiled and leaned down to nip lightly at his blogger's ear.  "That's nothing to be embarrassed about," he murmured.
"Johnny!"
John had meant to sound scolding, but it just came out as affectionate.
Sherlock's head jerked to the side for a moment, then fully around as the smaller figure closed on him and pressed a sweet smelling cloth over his face. Sherlock jerked away but when he felt the prick of the needle, he knew it was too late. His vision swam as he stumbled back, something flashed in the moonlight and a deep, sultry voice murmured, "Goodnight, Mr. Holmes."
John licked his lips.
With a smirk on his face, and not a little bit of pride in his smile.
“Sherlock Holmes -
In which, he really must give his compliments to the chef.
With a snap of his fingers, Thanos had caused the heartache and loss of half a planet's population. And Watson, of all people, could have kissed the glove that did so.
She slipped past them to grab something from her cupboard (herbal soothers?) and headed off to her own rooms, “I’ll just step out this way and leave you to it. Good night boys. Turn off the kitchen lights whenever you go.” She winked and shut the door behind her.
Finding 'O Captain My Captain' outside of that eponymous poem has been my life's goal...
As he stumbled out of the current ride to land smack dab in the middle of a giant puddle - he let out a curse. His trousers soaked right through.
Had left in a cab with Mary. Even after
John was oscillating on the pavement outside of Baker Street. He knew Sherlock would not be there. Hadn’t been there for nearly a year and three months ...
Standing next to an incredibly wild looking Sherlock, all breathless and devastatingly handsome with his Belstaff restored. Coat collar and cheekbones. Winking down at him as he peered around the corner at their prey. John took his outstretched hand and they gave chase once more …
She giggled again and slapped at his arm, "you're so weird, James!"
He hoped there would be many, many more ...
He had known the man so long, and yet, never - never - seen this concerned side of him before ...
John whipped his head around to look at the coat hooks. Empty. He breathed more freely.
Friday nights.
inevitable conclusion. Like a punch in the gut.
Since
“And you!” She danced around Mary, “will be over here!”
Sherlock went to leave.
That she was
way??? He was floored. His hand flew over the keys texting his reply:
John doesn’t love you because you’re a trick pony that he can parade in front of people. He enjoys the quiet and the silence, not talking for days, and hearing you play. Just being. With you. It refills his batteries, just as much as it recharges yours. Don’t forget that. You both need away time.
John strode into the room now. Taking the plate offered by Mrs. Hudson. Reaching for the kettle and pouring himself a cuppa beside her. Resting against the counter, as she moved over to sit across the table from Sherlock, and watched her boys. Eyes dancing.
"Fifty-eight times, John Watson asked me questions about you," she grinned, "when you boys were living here."
It had been a command.
"Ta!" John said then, again releasing the lad to his other duties, "and could I have a ... ?" He went to order a whiskey and soda; but found that the boy was already turning around with one in his hands to place on the table. Brought to him from another lad at the bar.
John marveled for the second time that night ...
John swallowed. Too afraid to move.
replies ...
Not too long ago.
And so … he had tied himself down.
, had he been so happy to hear it. It was like a term of endearment when it came from Sherlock's lips.
. As if nothing had happened.
I crossed a line there.
But he wasn’t changing his mind.
And Mike was smiling smugly. Knowingly. In reply.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
He had actually met John years ago at Uni.
Just                    Iron Man,
Extra? Human?
rightness.
Seated with a glass in hand. John wondered how this conversation would proceed.
“John ... I would never …” Sherlock tried, "I didn't ... this was just - "
John trailed off looking over the menu handed to him. A slight flush on his cheeks now. God, he must have looked like a complete nutter there. Just sitting with a Cheshire cat grin at nothing. Nothing?
John rubbed his hand at the back of his head. Mussing up the hair a bit. In a way that made Sherlock's insides uncoil and want to pounce.
Curly haired.
This sigh
?" Hating himself for how much he
Thanks for joining us for the podfic this week Chloe!!!
So Sherlock had also seen her today?
You don't have to go seeking danger ... just to impress me.
A miserable bedsit.
"You came," Sherlock spoke softly. His deep baritone voice striking a chord that felt familiar. Welcoming. As John was reading their texts again.
The hall was eerily quiet back here, and
hadn't they? His eyes narrowed...
At every possible opportunity today.
cook now?” John’s eyes sparkled, as he asked with a compliment implied, and also an expectation ...
And here
It seems that a few people had taken advantage of the situation. The timing of the snap had been good for their own plans ... They had simply run away from their current life and circumstances to pursue something (or someone) else. Leaving behind their wives, children, jobs and homes. Choosing to let their families think they were gone.
Sherlock eyed him, half-sleepy, “so you do - do that out loud?”
That done, he stepped back into the living room to allow her further space, and chose his timing carefully in offering a few suggestions. If her goal was to track and capture whoever this ‘Clint’ was, maybe they should be looking at major crime syndicate locations? What was next on the map? What had not yet been hit?
bullet to the brain?
Might have to do something about
that he had been intended to be getting married yesterday …
an idiot - Sherlock Holmes!!" She smiled then, and patted his hand knowingly. Her eyes glancing briefly up towards the hall. At the coat rack that had still not left Sherlock's mind ...
He had this.
It had
…” Sherlock grabbed onto his elbow as he went to turn the handle. Stopping him there, mid-stride. … John turned around, “I just … always wanted to …” he flushed red. As his fingers lovingly reached out and caressed the woolen cable knit on John’s chest. And John could hardly believe his eyes and ears ...
Child’s play ...” he replied at last, glancing back at John to see if that satisfied things?
“No, John,” he begged, looking oddly hurt, “leave it on … please?”
Sherlock appeared to reconsider ...
of heaven and earth
His mouth dropped. He had been screaming in his visions.
Always made him smile.
How much he relished in watching
He should be grateful that it happened sooner rather than later.
He was almost in front of the would-be friend (stranger) at this point …
Sherlock supplied.
And again ... looking to
Sherlock was stunning, standing there. He was brilliant. He was …
heal thyself
Nat gave him
Then right on it's heels:
"Sherlock is actually a girl's name."
Sherlock always insisted,
His anchor point now.
10 Years.
He wondered if the rooms were still there ...
have to jump?”
He looked down at his now frozen toes and wanted to giggle.
I had just begun to dream...
'There ain't no grave ... gonna hold my body down ...' John spoke the words in a hushed whisper. As if he might sing them, if encouraged. He smiled then. A sad, wistful smile. Knowing that he was talking to a stone. Black. And cold. Sherlock was not there. Sherlock was not buried. He may as well not have died. He may as well not have ...
Or to even
Sherlock pressed him up against the counter, eventually deciding on sitting John on TOP of the counter and coming closer to snog him properly. Legs straddling the detective and hands in each other’s hair.
To make the man smile.
John caught on to Natasha’s secret after about three weeks.
At Baker Street, in his flat, playing triple stops;
” John looked back up at their driver and smiled, “brilliant!”
Tears were coming unbidden now, burning at the back of his eyes, and spilling over at the memory:
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly. Remembering the man he had seen first, on the path in the park.
Harry had made a non-committal noise ... and John knew she wouldn’t be there.
Silence.
We're nearly to the halfway mark!!!
The bond holding our hearts together.
of the finely carved insets that made this particular gondola stand out.
that Sherlock intended for them to be together not just for
Feeling the cool night breeze on his face and hands. His body turned away from Sherlock. Exactly the opposite of what every fiber in his being was calling out for him to be doing.
was the killer? You know, the one you were telling me about? You never did say exactly.” John ran his hand up and down the glass. Feeling the coolness under his fingertips, and watching the moisture condense and spill onto his thumb and forefinger … he had a cheeky grin on his face, as if he was flirting, and let himself lick his lips a bit.
not a desk job
What he wasn’t certain of … was
How much time would he need?
Sherlock wondered - not for the first time today - what he would have done if John had not shown up at just that right moment?
in all this pageantry that seemed to be all about
--<>--
Breathing them into the very,
His mind still mocked him with Sherlock's voice on occasion. And John reluctantly welcomed and engaged with it at each and every opportunity. If he didn’t, he was afraid - it too, would leave him.
And then to Italy,
There was an endless sea of 'ifs' swimming in John's mind. And none of them would bring Sherlock back.
His mind hovered momentarily over the line of feeling sorry for himself, or just accepting that it is what it is - and accepting his good luck. He accepted. It was a conscious choice. Something he rarely made himself do recently. It felt good.
Contact he adamantly refused to make ...
John picked up his glass. Keeping his hand on Sherlock’s lips for silence. He knocked back the drink. Slamming it down hard on the table when it was empty.
back,
And John's smile widened, impossibly, further. As his heart swelled.
look.
John licked his lips. Darting the question back to Sherlock with a look.
Make Sherlock break.
By his present.
The doors were thrown wide open, and the florists were shuffling in and out with huge arrangements between them. Festooning the room. A ridiculous amount of hydrangeas, lilacs, leaves, and for some reason … green carnations? Filtering in.
I hand you over to John’s care now.
When it became obvious that Mycroft was not making an appearance. Sherlock sat. Poised and ready. Head back. Hands steepled in front of him, as he sat behind Mycroft's desk and dove into his mind palace to try and hash out a solution.
John looked self-consciously down at his leg for a moment. Leaving Sherlock's steely gaze. Collecting himself.
were going to be stuck in a Gondola …
Mike was genuinely concerned at this point that
that look.
smile’s charms.
As his tears, for the first time,
And he was willing to make a deal ...
John burrowed his head into Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock was incredulous at the way they could just -
this.
Sherlock allowed himself to breathe easily.
And that he was not alone in his all-consuming grief now.
He hadn’t wanted to say goodbye at all.
" ... but do not ACT like there is anything more than a chance meeting to you seeing him there ... " Sherlock was pacing now.
He would give her whatever information he could to help, in Sherlock’s absence. It was only fair.
He huffed his way onto dryer ground, leather joggers completely ruined
Sherlock must have seen something else as well, in the look he gave - for he simply nodded - and then he ducked down and was kissing John. Tilting his head back and pressing into the shorter man, caught here by surprise. John found himself on tiptoe, and leaning into Sherlock as they kissed. His arms coming up to grab at the soft silk of his robe. Then reaching up and knitting his hands into Sherlock's curly, damp hair, as they continued to kiss. Deeper. Needier ... Their hands meeting midair, and fumbling. Interlacing fingers, as Sherlock's own arms met John's above his head and held him there. Then Sherlock brought both arms down and wrapped them around behind John. Pinning him by the sink. Pressing into every curve.
I have to ask
He could not be that angry.
this was odd ...
The scarf too,
John walked on.
Finding his courage.
but he was up for the challenge
with that last one … but … It was how
To have Sherlock’s attention again. Like this.
(for you see, I had learnt
Who knew nothing about,
The young man said, "the name is Sherlock Holmes
"I need to see the Chef?" He asked politely at first, hoping they would just lead the way...
Sherlock looked pleased as punch. He laid back, hadn’t removed anything yet. The posh git! But John wanted that pleasure anyways … He knelt down. Knees on either side of Sherlock’s hips. And ducked his head down to capture Sherlock’s lips again with his own.
They always looked so soft, never chapped. John wondered if Sherlock wore chapstick? He had never seen him use it. Never seen it stashed about the flat. What would it taste like? Cherry? Mint? The curve of his cupid's bow was level with John's eyes. John licked his lips. His pupils dilated. He could hear his own breathing in his ears, so loud. Hear the thump thumping of his own racing pulse. He held very still. Being this close to Sherlock was like a drug ... and he could not risk the high.
Especially NOT
Not enough Human capacity.
His face contorted as he gave in to the pleasure. Breathing hard. Exulting in the heights he had reached with John inside.
Gave him everything he had been holding back … and felt Sherlock respond
“John?”
If he was going to be romantically involved with someone, something he knew his obsessive personality could not DO by HALVES .... Then he needed to know - first and foremost - that they could work
Was not something he had really counted on, he realized, from this man. He had simply
Interesting …
What if Sherlock had suddenly turned into a Moriarty? Had gone on a killing spree?
“I was …” he began, “going to call …
It felt right. To say it.
Someone clearly had to keep an eye on him! Good
fell past.
Victor? He … tends to …
just met … ?
Sherlock could use a few right now.
, he imagined.
to greet his future with open arms.
He would never have a better chance at happiness. Than this.
He doesn’t love you just because you are brilliant and capable, handsome and oh so lovely of figure;
"No, thank you. I can't imagine needing anything else for a while." he leaned back and enjoyed a few sips before digging in.
John kept his eyes closed, but asked … cautiously, of Sherlock, “say it again?”
John’s got his gun loaded - ready for the show!
Being sure to look left, right, and center in a touristy fashion, every now and again - so that the man in front of him would not feel the scrutiny of eyes boring in his back and turn to accost him. Which he felt certain this one would do if his hackles were raised …
And John was a romantic.
John let out his breath. So fucking relieved that Mike was a good guy. And an even more honest man, than he himself was being of late ... What was wrong with him?
on the eve of his wedding
Mean ...
Enjoying the attention of John's eyes on him. Giving him a moment to look freely, and to
But ...  John ...     had
On Sherlock’s writing desk.
“John? Would you care to join me, back at my place? I have a lovely little mystery I am trying to solve, and could use your
- has been found
Why didn’t he?
for you see
He was absurdly proud of himself for that feat of strength. And equally absurd in wanting to remedy that status right NOW.
John stifled another smirk as ‘The Woman’ and his fiancée, made the attempt to gather everyone's attention ... figuring this was as good a time as any to escape!
“John?”
John's toes felt glued to the floor as the feet shuffled past him on each side. He was a rock. In the ocean. It would lose its shape and color over time. As the waves rolled around it. Softening it. Smoothing it. Chipping away any sharp edges. Wiping away any trace of its existence over time. A grain of sand. He was becoming a grain of sand.
His mum muttering something about respecting the dead. ‘Don't do that, Johnny!’ Slapping at his wrist as he reached out to touch the open casket ...  ‘Respect, Johnny!’ John skipping through the open cemetery… passing the headstones and whistling ...   John on the pavement, knees crashing to the ground …  reaching out to touch Sherlock's wrist and being pulled back, being held back ...   Sherlock wasn't …   Sherlock was …   a cold stone slab ...  black marble, a headstone with a name on it ...  "SHERLOCK!"
And Sherlock - he could tell - had been ... so afraid to let that mask slip! Afraid also, more curious still, that the knowledge would make John Watson like him less. Or even, heaven forbid ... leave him.
the past year?
Not the self that had come to rely on such an unreliable Sherlock ...
He also tested the functionality of the security cameras.
It was breaking down a very thin veneer he had managed to put up since Sherlock's suicide. He was being destroyed from the inside out. And he knew it. Sherlock himself was morphing, and becoming something different. It made John question his own sanity.
had pulled the trigger. And not Sherlock. The trap had been
John’s eyebrows raised as he tried to understand what Sherlock thought he had … "I meant,” John corrected, half-cocking his head to the side in curiosity.
was feeling right now …
Sherlock composed sad music after he met the woman. After the woman had died.
“What was that? Hmm?” John asked, leaning in …
His hand dangling the key to the front door that he clearly still owned,
John was stroking his cheek, caressing his neck. Greedy with want, demanding more closeness.
John moved out the next day.
“Seriously though, Sherlock …” Mike continued - the thought that had been bouncing around in his mind since this whole hairbrained scheme had been suggested to him - was now coming to the forefront. He just had to know before he went! “I wouldn’t have taken you for the whole ‘love at first sight’ ... kind of … thing? … you know?”
(to be continued)
Tag me as well! Would be honored to read and share with you! @helloliriels on Tumblr, Twitter, and Insta.
But then ... he realized ... it wasn’t really his
If anyone knew the risk,
The stem and bowl of the afternoon pipe
John pinched his nose, huffing in his breaths and counting to ten to calm himself in a busy restaurant. On a Friday night.
"Simply made it a bit easier for him, by giving him the
having John so near.
The hero, non-triumphant.
John sat on the edge of his seat.
Like it was easy …
As he hung up the phone, not having been able to get another word in edgewise, he caught the pitying look in the cabbie's eye.
what they
for pleasantries ... To whom am I speaking?”
A deep voice answered.
And the fact was ...
He took a short breath, and continued … “There is one shot at this, John. If we miss anything … “ Sherlock swallowed. The thought was untenable, John could tell.
Sherlock is Lit, Oliver Twist edition
Mike psyched himself up. He had this!
And when the devil, he had finished,
"Doctor Watson?" an almost American voice sounded behind him. And John turned around out of his reverie.
"You are," John stated simply, "after all - the only thing that made life worth living." Then John lifted his chin, and stood up straighter. As the police officers came and took him in arm, guiding him away.
And hadn't he
It made Sherlock want to be a better man.
Bits and pieces ... of his life ... his stability ... now
He had tilted his head and adjusted his eyes to focus now on Sherlock, so close to him. So close, he could smell him. He could smell … home …
And again, John wondered …
He remembered Sherlock's irregulars, his homeless network of people throughout London that could be relied upon in a pinch to find out things Sherlock needed to know quickly.
As Sherlock breathed in,
of nights with her lips on his, and her hips on his, and his clothes falling to the floor once again when he said he wouldn’t  …
John seemed to relax visibly at his words.
His eyes jumped back to Sherlock, confused. A “what?” falling from his lips.
He was back at 221b.
Sherlock replied in kind.
He was just about to move five centimeters the
John hadn't actively used social media since MySpace ...
“Mayhaps there is, dearie!” she crooned, soothing him with a pat on the hand, and softening her features with a gentler smile then, “let me look?”
John slammed his glass down, "you know what, sod it! I don't
Some people are idiots.
and cheerfulless
And that meant  …
Brick by brick ...
So ... Trained at Bart's - Army Doctor
Sherlock's fingers were poised over the keys of his laptop, ready to research the building John was living in, find the owner's name, and run an extensive background check… but he stopped himself. Not because it might be considered rude or invasive, those considerations rarely even registered with Sherlock. No, he stopped himself because he trusted John and he knew himself.
Trigger warning!: This charter contains semi-graphic descriptions of injuries, dean bodies, and body parts.  Please be safe if these might be triggers for you.
"Caucasian female, 21. Her friends found her unresponsive in the loo at a club, suspected overdose. We administered one dose of Narcan on the way, and one dose of epi, no response" one of the men stated, his voice loud and clipped while one of his team mates worked on the patient.
John glanced down at Sherlock's phone and saw a smartly dressed man with trim brown hair and light blue eyes. "Is this him?"
shoot Peter! He i-was my dearest friend!" He was shouting, inches from Sherlock's face.
Lestrade sighed loudly and through his nose in a way that indicated he was
Sherlock glowered at him and attempted to rise. John slipped a hand behind Sherlock's back and assisted him. "I've got some acetaminophen here; you're going to take it," John explained, lifting a glass of water to Sherlock's lips. He drank without protest, then held water in his mouth while John set the glass down and lifted two tablets to his lips. Sherlock accepted the medicine, swallowing it easily.
Sherlock nodded, turned, and left.
"Why trust my judgment over your own?" Mycroft asked, the subtle amusement clear in his voice. He thought Sherlock was joking or teasing. That amusement faded when Sherlock's end of the line remained silent. Sherlock wasn't joking, and he was upset or distracted enough that he really
Sherlock frowned and looked up. "What case? We're not working a case right now."
The sounds of the telly echoed in from the other room. It had been on almost constantly these past two weeks. The background noise helped. Not a lot, but it helped. It made it easier to pretend the flat wasn't empty and the fridge wasn't full of half eaten take-out.
John licked his lips and said, "I thought you were married to your work?"
John stood sharply, rattling his chair and pulling his coat on violently. "If you really loved your work, and only your work, as much as you say you do, then you wouldn't be so miserable!" John hissed.
time, Sherlock?" he asked, irritated.
making things difficult for yourself."
"I was invited," Molly pouted. "I gave Charles Braxton's secretary first aid when she feinted in the morgue. She'd come to ask about the Langton murders, and I was in the middle of an autopsy. It's not an easy thing to charge into a room and see a corpse flayed open like that. It was only a bump on the head, she didn't even have a concussion, but Mr. Braxton was grateful for my help." She turned her hard, dark brown gaze at him. "
He had attended the funeral, naturally. It was necessary to appear to 'show support' for such an important and influential patient. He was very good at controlling his expressions, and had made all the appropriate gestures of sadness and condolences, while secretly preening over his success.
John chuckled again. "Somehow I think all we would accomplish is making a brilliant spectacle of ourselves."
"There now, that wasn't so bad, was it?"
John blinked rapidly and turned to face the door. He had to keep moving, get to a hotel, to safer ground. His heart thundered in his chest, and his hands shook as he made his way down the steps of 221 B for the last time.
Sherlock refused to look up or offer any form of response. It was obvious from her tone she was thinking of her late husband, and anything he said or did would only be interpreted as further proof of her stance. Ultimately the case was the most important thing right now. The sooner the case was closed the sooner John would be gone again… It might not be the only case that ever brought him to Sherlock, but regardless, John would eventually ask Mary out. Sherlock estimated it would take twelve months of relative stability before John would try to woo Mary. She would resist, considering him taken, but just slightly. The mild resistance would only make her more appealing to John, he would know she wasn't rushing into anything. He would win her over eventually. She already fancied him a bit, and she wasn't in denial about it. In the end, time and Sherlock's absence would do more for John's happiness then Sherlock ever could…
Laurali flopped back against her husband when the contraction ended, sucking in great lungfuls of air. "Fuuuuck!" she groaned.
"Damn right I'm going to hug you," John agreed, pulling Sherlock into a tight embrace.
"There is a chance she may still be alive," Sherlock whispered in his ear.
Greg nodded. "As long as you're happy."
Anna's face was pale and slightly blue/gray. John could barely feel her breath as he examined her. He made a fist and pressed his knuckles firmly against her sternum, rubbing them up and down. There was no reaction, and John pushed harder, even though he knew she'd be bruised a livid purple tomorrow...if she lived... He looked up and started barking orders at the gaping funeral director. "We need an ambulance! Tell them to bring Naloxone if they have it, this looks like an opioid overdose!" The older man nodded sharply, and began shouting into his phone.
Sherlock had picked them up in cab, studiously avoided helping either of them place their meager belongings inside it, and escorted them to the airport. To John, it had felt like a police escort. John had every intention of keeping his word, but he hated the suffocating, trapped feeling that had dominated the majority of the ride.
Sherlock scanned the flat, his gaze settling on his laptop, peeking out from under a pile of documents and other papers. Nodding to himself, Sherlock strode toward the desk, brushed the papers away with a sweep of his arm, and started hacking.
Two hours...
Evelyn frowned and stared at the carpet for a moment before lifting her gaze back to his. "Something to do with investments? He's explained it before, so have my brothers, but I don't really have a good head for math."
"What's next then?" John pressed.
Sherlock's reply was swallowed in the slow kiss that followed. John's fingers, never idle, swept lovingly over Sherlock's neck and shoulders until he leaned back into the embrace. The kiss never faltered, but it began to shift, drawing Sherlock back and down. Sherlock jumped when he felt the bed sheets on his back, but kept his hands around John's neck, holding him in place.
He wasn't dead, John knew that much.  Dead wouldn't hurt like this.  With monumental effort John heaved himself to the side of the bed and threw up violently into the bucket there.
somewhat famous now, thanks to John's blog. But no, it couldn't have been her. Even
"Don't even think about it. You
, but they would be all he had left after this case was over, and John was well and truly, gone forever...
"That's against policy, not stitching her up," John muttered, his eyes still fixed on the snow white chest in front of him.
Sherlock was still able to deduce things such as, eight more seconds of eye contact and John
Mycroft stopped suddenly, turned pale, and it was Sherlock's turn to frown. "Mycroft?" he asked softly, taking a step towards his older brother. Mycroft spun suddenly around, causing Sherlock to flinch back. He was squeezing the paper in his hand so tightly it was crumpled, and his face looked murderous. Sherlock took a hesitant step forward and repeated his brother's name.
"The elevators is this way," Sherlock spoke, indicating the direction with a jerk of his head. He led them down a narrow hallway with unpainted cinderblock walls, and around a corner before coming to an abrupt halt.
Sherlock leaned back then, waving his hands with an air of indifference, "Not until after you've finished your painfully inadequate version that has missed everything of importance, naturally."
you give birth."
time he turned around. It was infuriating.
The elder Holmes turned and slipped out of the door to John's room, into the hallway beyond.
He felt the baritone rumble in Sherlock's chest and knew the consulting detective was speaking to him. John couldn't quite make it out make it out, but it was comforting all the same. Sherlock's warmth, his steady heartbeat, and the soft rumbling of his voice slowly lulled John to sleep.
John took a breath and forced himself to focus on the moment. He had suffered a monumental loss, but he had to learn to live with it, one way or another. When he looked up he was surprised to find Marcus had embraced him in a half hug, one arm encircling John's shoulders as they stood side by side. Marcus wasn't looking at him just then, instead focusing on the elevator buttons, a fact for which John was immensely grateful.
Now that he thought about it Sherlock was being surprisingly accommodating.  John was fairly certain he'd caught the flu the old fashioned way, and not from one of Sherlock's experiments.  Still, after everything they'd been through together, it was nice to know Sherlock had his back as much as he had Sherlock's.
"Petia Volkov, I presume?" Sherlock drawled slowly, confident that there would be no last minute escape attempts.
Alexander had asked him to stop and think, to really picture what it would be like for Sherlock to come back; it seemed only fair to give it a try. Sure he'd imagined Sherlock magically being alive again, but John had been too raw to really surrender himself to the fantasy... it felt like he really would shatter if he tried.
Greg sighed and lowered his hands to the table once more. "I'm sorry that he hurt you."
"As per usual, I have been pushing this deadline..." He swallowed hard, concentrating on the still gentle feeling of John's hands on his legs. "I need to mate to have the best chance of survival…" His eyes fell from John's then, unable to maintain contact. He was and he wasn't asking. He wasn't sure he could tolerate it, even if John was willing. Sherlock knew the depths of what he was asking for. He might still have many health consequences to deal with, even if he stopped now. He was also probably infertile, not that he'd given any thought to having children, but John...
John snorted derisively. "As if I would even
It couldn't be.
"We are going to question the witnesses," Sherlock replied briskly, his eyes locked on his experiment.
Although he restricted himself to medical examples, John often thought of his experiences on cases with Sherlock. It didn't help that many of the questions, in fact this whole process seemed tedious.
John turned his head and pressed it into the bedding. Flannel; very practical for this time of year.
"Hey, how'd you get into that room?" One of the guards asked, frowning at Sherlock, who was leaning out of John's room.
"Not bad," Sherlock replied with a nod.
Lestrade ran a hand through his hair and sighed. He didn't like this. Sherlock was a drama queen but he usually didn't make this big of a scene, not in public like this. Crowds could get rowdy easily and become difficult to control under the wrong circumstances. It was only their long history of working together that kept Lestrade from insisting that they move. "What injuries, Sherlock?"
I moved to a new home. (This was a good thing, but not when you've just started working sixty some odd house a week).
"This is my home; I should be offering
I can't believe I made it through the winter with my sanity intact, but here we are. I am finally unpacked, and, sadly, my father-in-law is laid to rest. This is probably over-sharing, but I did feel my readers were owed an honest explanation.
does this point to blackmail?"
John glanced up, just for a moment, then cursed himself for doing so. Sherlock's blue/gray eyes were waiting for him in an expression so vulnerable that it hurt to look at. Had he really meant what he'd said? Did he even know
Sherlock snorted derisively, and shook his head. "Not much point in that, is there? Putting aside the fact that the first Mrs. McAndrew burned to ashes, and the deterioration which would occur to the other two bodies because of the length of time they have been decomposing, you have no practical knowledge of autopsies and anything I would try to teach you would naturally be suspect in your eyes."
John's eyes followed her movements. If he didn't know better he'd say she looked, excited…"
company," Mary replied, reaching down for the remote and turning off the telly.
Ballet was a delicate and painful art form, and John appreciated the dedication and physical skill required. Many of the moves required tremendous strength and muscle tone, but the dancers limbs seemed light as they arched and lifted with the music. John was impressed at the vision the dancers created even as he winced in sympathy for their joints, especially when they danced on Pointe.
?!" John could feel a headache coming on. This was ridiculous. All of it.
Sherlock's eyes darted down the page in front of him, noting John's new address. Safe older building not far from Charing Cross. That was promising. A short commute generally lead to greater overall satisfaction with one's employment and one's personal life. Sherlock riffled through his mind palace for everything he had on John's building. Those were owned flats, not rented. John had decent savings, but not enough to buy. Was he living with a new flatmate? Most likely.
Sherlock tipped his head slightly to one side and observed John with a wry smile. "No, but I have never lied to you, John."
"Do you want to give it a try?" John asked.
John pinned him for a few long moments, before nodding and backing away, returning to his morning tea.
He felt Sherlock take a slow, deep breath and leaned towards him in time to catch the barest murmur, "Migraine..."
John looked up the stairs once more, than nodded to himself, solidifying his resolve. Glancing back, he smiled warmly at the landlady. "Thank you Ma'am."
"I don't think he is," Greg replied softly.
John smirked, unapologetic, "Don't be discouraged. I have it on good authority that most people are idiots."
A large, slightly calloused hand gripped her own and she smiled, squeezing back. "You'll be okay, Harry," John assured her.
At length John's kisses began to trail away from Sherlock's mouth and he tensed, knowing what was coming... Only John surprised him, trailing his kisses along Sherlock's cheek and up to his ear, evoking breathily chuckles when he kissed along the shell.
John watched her wistfully for a moment, sending a small prayer to any benevolent force that might be listening, before he turned to make his way back outside. Sherlock Holmes was waiting for him.
A deep, sultry voice spoke next. "We could try to flush him out."
Pretense out of the way, Sherlock removed some delicate instruments from his pockets, and opened the lock. He would have preferred to climb the fence, but it was thoroughly surrounded with barbed wire on the top, Mr. Werner's vicious nature making itself known again.
"You look like you're here to forget something," Marcus remarked quietly. It wasn't a question, just an observation. John didn't want to get into the details, but he saw no point in hiding the truth.
"Sherlock," John began, his voice on the edge of laughter despite himself, "It's really not nice to laugh at your clients."
"So, what happened?"
"You were whispering while you read," John clarified.
"And you think she's gone missing now, because of her money?" John prompted.
"It's not like you to be tardy taking witness statements Detective Inspector," Sherlock noted, looking superior. "What kept you?"
John grinned pleased. "Thank you. It was nice to work on something simple for a change."
Sherlock brained himself on the low table by the sofa, and John landed squarely on top of him, wresting the letter from Sherlock's elegant fingers with a triumphant "Ha!"
The homeless man beside him grunted in acknowledgement. His arms were crossed under his armpits for warmth, and his head was leaned back so that his face pointed up to the cloud covered night sky. "Started slow, but I figure it's picken up pace now." The man leaned over his shoulder, away from Sherlock, and spat onto the ground. "More an' more people are helpin' watch the pressure."
The ex-army doctor rose and crossed back to the light switch, turning off the light. He'd always been able to see well in the dark, a task that had served him well in his career. Harry was even better, she could find a small black object in a dark room without even trying...when she was sober.
"Sherlock likes to examine everything that has to do with his work, and unfortunately death is one of them," John explained. "When he first started working cases in London he spent a great deal of time at St. Bart's morgue both consulting about cases and learning about autopsies. He can tell at a glance whether an injury was caused post-mortem just based on his practical experience." John shrugged casually. Everything he'd said was true, but it was also an excuse. Sherlock would give him no end of hell if he didn't get to examine this body, regardless what anyone else thought of it...and John thought one arrest was more than enough for this year.
"This hotel offers small safes or deposit boxes behind the counter that guests can use for safekeeping," Marcus explained.
As soon as he was in the door John was put on triage. Many of the young interns balked at the idea of one of their superiors being given such a 'menial' job, but John knew that was their inexperience showing. During nights like tonight, there was no job more important. When resources were stretched thin and stakes were high, the wrong decision could cost someone their life. The doctors treating would treat the patients John marked as the most urgent first, and the other cases would wait accordingly.
"You're not coming with me?" John breathed, his eyes flittering over Sherlock's face as if searching for something, before their gazes finally locked.
Nikki fiddled her hands for a few moments before she spoke again. "I'm sorry, for yesterday. It was selfish of me to get mad at you…and not to trust you."
He turned the grate over in his hands for a moment before chucking it into the space behind him. There was no way to easily cover the shaft with the grate once he was inside, and many things had been left down here unattended for ages, a missing grate would hardly be worth remarking upon.
led away. No one who has ever truly lost a loved one is so easily dissuaded from the body, no matter how gruesome the scene."
John's lips parted in a pained grimace. "Love isn't always enough, Mary."
Sherlock was indeed out from under his blanket, stretched flat on the sofa, and trembling with shivers from his fever. John wasn't sure if he should be pleased or worried that Sherlock had complied so easily.
A tall man with trimmed black hair, light brown eyes, and rectangular spectacles waited for him, eyes trained on the phone in his hand. He was furiously texting as he looked up and smiled in greeting. Shifting the phone to one hand as he finished the text, the man extended his hand towards Sherlock in greeting.
"Well," James began, "that certainly is interesting, but I don't know about dangerous."
! Dr. Watson said you would do this!"
John nodded and, because he couldn't think of anything else to say, returned to his meal. They ate in relatively companionable silence before Mary retired to the sofa with the remainder of her wine, and John started work on the dishes. He still wasn't used to having such a clean kitchen or flat, or the fact that his actions actually made a dent in helping to keep things clean.
"Then stop laughing," Sherlock replied, turning to look at him with a disbelieving expression.
Sherlock reached up, gripping the fire escape firmly in both hands, then paused, watching Wiggins start to lie down just underneath said fire escape. This would, quite effectively, cut off his sent trail. Wiggins had just knelt down, when he glanced up, seeing Sherlock still there. "Hurry!" He hissed, making shooing motions with his hands.
John shook his head and held up his hands. "Not my department. I'm sure he's found someone capable, though. He's always had an eye for details."
saving her precious blackmail material. He would use the tracking device to follow her at a discreet distance, observe her hiding place, then disappear into the crowd. Once he knew her hiding place, he would be able to collect the materials in question at his relative leisure.
Sherlock and he had managed to become... friends... but now...
"What is this doing here?" John asked, running his thumb lightly over the picture, which was sealed in a thin plastic bag.
He'd only written a few cases so far, but he'd seen enough of Sherlock's daily life to get a sense of the rhythm he might expect. He was well-aware that there would be more difficult cases that would keep him up late, but the pace was more than tolerable for now.
Sherlock's heart stuttered in his chest. "No," he admitted, honestly, "but I am determined."
Sherlock had not been loud enough to be overheard by anyone but Lestrade, still the Detective Inspector recoiled, scowling. Unfortunately, he did not recoil far enough to release his grip on Sherlock's elbow. Mycroft and Lestrade had been adamant that Sherlock attend the press conference since he had been the one to uncover the financial threat, and it looked like he was stuck for it.
John almost flinched at the memory. His efforts had been an abysmal failure, apparently. It was true he stared too long sometimes, that he had wondered… That was natural for someone in love though, and it had gone on so long that John had been utterly blindsided by Sherlock's abrupt dismissal.
John was still hesitant, but Sherlock's joy was infectious. He crept up on the plate as though afraid it would bite him, and cautiously lifted the lid...
"Of course I have it, but that's not the point. The bet was for five thousand pounds. You have received you're payment; off with you." Sherlock waved his hand dismissively in the ex-army doctor's direction.
As they rode, John intermittently peered over at his captor, trying to study him discreetly. His efforts were, apparently, fruitless. Ten minutes into their ride Sherlock turned to face him, one eyebrow raised high. John flushed with embarrassment, but did not shy away.
"What!" John cried, alarmed. "Why? You heard Greg; we're finished."
John peered dubiously at Sherlock for a few moments before turning and heading to the kitchen for some water. He returned with a large pot that he had just filled. "I hope this doesn't have in it, or something, "John muttered, setting the pot down.
"Why a syringe?" Sherlock asked, referencing the item left for him in the wake of the evidence he was after.
how to make evidence disappear quickly if he needs to. If you wait for the proper paperwork and traces of Mrs. Werner and the dog fighting ring will be long gone."
"Okay," Sherlock breathed, swallowing hard when John finally released him. He made to turn around, but John saved him the trouble, turning the chair around manually. "You said-"
"The thought of not being in control," John mused, and Sherlock nodded vigorously. Both of John's hands were on Sherlock's legs now, gently rubbing up and down, as though trying to warm them, he concerned gaze never leaving Sherlock's frightened one.
He looked to Sherlock's face, but his long time flatmate wouldn't turn to face him. Sherlock was either too deep in thought to hear or see John, or he didn't want to be bothered with John's emotions... Still, Sherlock had said his piece, and John would say his. He'd already said most of it, really, just one thing left.
James shrugged. "I don't know. As much as I love my work, my interest is varied. I'm working on a number of projects right now. With any luck, more than one of them will bear fruit." He paused to take a sip of his water, then asked, "So, how has it been? Working for Sherlock, I mean. I hear he leads a dangerous and interesting life."
The world's only consulting detective gracefully set his violin down on the desk and began to methodically rosin his bow. "It must have been bad tonight."
And he wanted.
And nothing would?
He needed to -
He couldn’t help it.
’ and
"Yessss!" he hissed under his breath. Delighted.
Sherlock’s smile ...
“And I never told him,” he breathed it, like it was cursed. A taste so bitter in his mouth.
And then …
She, the gentle, expressive mother he had always wished his own mum could be;
come with a note this time.
John had never caught anyone’s eye, seriously …. In his thirty-seven years of life so far … either
He found himself thanking them politely. Accepting their compliments and gratitude on Sherlock's behalf. Always with a swell of pride.
"I'm sorry?" Sherlock asked, confused. Hurt by the confusion.
Sherlock's blog on 256 types of ash was suddenly of devout interest worldwide. John received calls once or twice daily in the month that followed.
with a gentle shake.
? If this joker was what he was 'meant for'?
As if reading them
Muscles bound tightly.
Beginning something
He clucked his tongue and looked up and down Sherlock's person, to the point where Sherlock was now the one turning red. "Me and the madman. Me and Sherlock Holmes." He shook his head, as if he just couldn't believe it still ...
I think he would be horrified if you changed anything you didn’t
He had pulled the trigger.
Sherlock's long, elegant hands folded over her frail little arms. Reciprocating as much as he knew how, or could, from his awkward position at the table. He was clearly loving the outburst, though he pretended to be affronted by it, for sake of appearances.
"John Hamish Watson, you will stop right there!" Mrs. Hudson plopped down the heavy bag she had been holding in both hands and practically ran back to meet him face-to-face. John sighed.
Taking a boat ride under the moonlight.
That's how long he and John Watson had really known each other.
Sherlock had immediately picked up his violin,
go from here?
To try new things.
used now for eye doctors?
Molly,
John walked faster.
Mary.
Was Sherlock debating whether or not to answer ... ?
Phone still in hand, John swiveled around, peering out the bank of windows on
Sherlock chuckled a low, deep rumble that John felt in his rib cage. John's hands were gripped fiercely onto the kitchen sink behind himself.
When Mike
How they had managed to smoke out the beast, was a puzzle to John. But Sherlock had figured it out. Sherlock always figured it out. In the end, it had only taken two days … three … if you counted their first night together.
He decided to ask the obvious then, after they had circled back around to the subject of Sherlock. “Why do you think this Dr. Strange sent you here? Hmm? Did he want Sherlock’s help in resolving something? Some kind of a mystery?”
Something like 'oh, hello,
We've reached the halfway mark, folks!!!
Calm.
"Steak! I'm still waiting on the steak! Medium rare! Come on!"
And his leg began bothering him again …
were not beyond saving ...
He opened his eyes. Locking John's gaze with his own again. Pinning him in place.
*ring*
"Oh," he said.
John hesitated a fraction of a second:
bedroom ...
- and John stepped threateningly towards him again …  Before he smartly turned and shot off in the direction his friend had escaped.
The question.
-    JW
He had known.
- Sherlock's mind supplied, his tone implying that he was going to tick off excuses;
Morning.
"I was
As he glanced around the room, he noticed a slim white dress on soft curves and dark hair pulled up in a bun - his breath caught momentarily as she pulled her companion, another woman up to leave, arm-in-arm. John could not catch a glimpse of her face. And he knew that 'The Woman' was dead, after all ...   A tinkling laugh filtered back as they made their way out of the room and John once again felt it in his core. Shaken.
Your eyes lock onto his and convey everything he needs to know.
It was Valentine's Day.
- wrists.
“So …
“Now,” Sherlock concluded, turning halfway between them, and stepping back, “would you care to continue your date with this impostor ..
it, or at the
I'm a fiddle player too ...
And if you'd care to take me on? I'll make a deal with you.
But this was ...
The reply was quick, and John laughed a moment out loud - before stoppering his mouth with his hand and schooling his features back to a semblance of respectability:
Well … he assumed it was a
he could make it through those doors, to see Sherlock’s face again,
that. Not really.”
The world was mourning along with him.
“Tell this old lady - what do you want to know?” she asked with a bit of a sparkle in her eye.
John saw him.
Touching their foreheads again. Angling his body closer to John, in invitation. Gasping as John began hungrily to kiss him again in reply. Yes.
Juxta bot on twitter:
Sherlock took a sip. Hesitated. Took in a deep breath. Wanting to ask something, but so
Bit Victorian?
And for
They were interrupted from John having to answer, by a cough. Sherlock sat up straight, absolutely staring DAGGERS at the waiter as he came up behind John.
John laughed. A small bark of disbelief. Scratchy and gruff in his throat, as the back of his hand came up to hide it. A tear rolling down his cheek.
John’s face fell.
Instagram:
In which there is finally pizza, Sherlock wields a knife, and some witches rescue John from a pirate! It's Halloween!
John celebrates a birthday, and an anniversary he would rather forget...
What the person she was searching for …
He looked about the room. It was getting louder in here as the people were mingling and giggling. Clearly the wedding planner was no longer in control of every twitch and breath that was happening.
"So ... is it all?" He indicated upstairs with his finger, "all ...  uh...  still there?"
Mike covered, complete honesty winning the day, "Nope. Not a word!"
he was showing off
And were not alone yet …
He smiled and listened politely as she talked about scented oils and naturopathy. She probably had a cute place. Lavender and eucalyptus hanging from the rafters. A bit of Scarborough Fair on the record player ... there would be a string of lights. And a tapestry or wall hanging somewhere near the bed. No bed frame. Lots of pillows. Soft.
Layers of answers and questions, spoken within it ...
of rightness, occupying the space in his mind where he tried to divine the
family, on that. And he hadn’t had a serious girlfriend since - what -
He was a doctor … he knew the tells, and he couldn’t hide them. He never had been good at acting …
As Sherlock stood there unappreciative of the angel who was entertaining him,
He closed his eyes. Shaking his head.
come all this way. “I realize now, you probably did not mean for it to be taken in that way, but … let’s just say I was …”
