Sherlock looked back at John over his shoulder. “Give me your hand.”
There’s nowhere for him to go; the other hatch is beyond the locked door at Sherlock’s back; and Sherlock realizes, too late, that he is trapped.
“We don’t have to go in there, you know. I would be just as happy to find a private corner of the ship to sit with you, and watch the stars come up.”
They pass through the cabins on the upper gun deck on their way to the stairs. Both Ferguson and Knott’s rooms are on this deck and Sherlock glances at them as they walk past. However, there’s neither a sign nor a movement from behind either closed door.
Molly lets go of his hand and the sound of her laughter as she does—light and full of happiness makes Sherlock sincerely hope that it doesn’t turn out to be a disaster.
Somehow, Sherlock understood.
Anderson would have had to make his appeal directly to the captain for the change in leadership. Even Lestrade doesn’t have the authority to make that kind of change on board a ship this size. The question is
have authority over Mr. Watson here, as
Sherlock nods against John’s cheek, breathless, his own hips rising and falling now to meet John’s in a regular rhythm, seeking more friction.
a choice.”
“Show me.”
“Sorry. It’s in my coat.”
I realise with slight panic that I have been doing it again. I clear my throat and apologise, assuring the woman and her son that I was just daydreaming. Before I let the next patient enter, I run my wrists under the cold water of the examination room sink. I’m feeling nauseous again. It happens almost everytime I allow my thoughts to drift off. He sits on the floor in the corner and examines me. It’s the only thing he ever does - look at me. He doesn’t speak. I take a deep breath and think about what Ella told me to do.
“It’s hideous, John. The criminal classes have lost all creativity lately. I wouldn’t have even accepted this case if it wasn’t for our client’s pronunciation of his feared demon.”
After the third turn John knew where they were headed, but he decided to remain silent for Rosie’s sake.
“We could… I don’t know, watch TV?” he suggests.
“So you’re mad at me for having retrograde amnesia?! Do you think I wanted this?”
“Rosie, I promise you that everything’s fine between me and Sherlock,” John finally said when Rosie still didn’t seem convinced. “He’s my best friend and that’s… good.”
“I’m afraid of what I saw earlier, John.”
“I mean the stars. You once said they were beautiful.”
John has already been to Sherlock’s flat once before, in that life-changing night in January, but he hasn’t made it further than what he now realises to be the landlady’s hallway. Mrs. Hudson, a very friendly lady who reminds John strongly of his grandmother, was pleased to get to know the man “Sherlock’s been talking about non-stop”. Even though John doubts the truth of this statement, he likes Mrs. Hudson already. The fact that he saw Sherlock slightly blushing only encourages the sympathy he feels for the lady who could just as well be Sherlock’s mother. After a cup of tea in her cozy kitchen, they finally enter Sherlock’s flat.
“Will we leave tomorrow, then?”
Checking out of the Inn, John doesn’t miss the owner’s quick glances of concern. He probably thinks they’re having a domestic – if only it were that simple. John awaits the cab outside – Sherlock has taken the car –, standing right where he stood with Sherlock last night. He’ll have to hold a couple of very uncomfortable conversations once he arrives in London. John mentally tries to brace himself for these conversations, for the heart-break he’ll inevitably cause, the rupture of his whole life, the uncertainty of his future. The only comforting thought is the blissful memory of a kiss forever imprinted on John’s mind.
She finally looks up, her eyes filled with nothing but indifference. She places the knife onto the counter and comes over, her movements careful like a scared deer, but her expression firm. She doesn’t sit down, though.
“Then I know how to use my wish,” Rosie said, looking from John to Sherlock and back with a grin.
John shifted forward in his chair, causing the gruffalo book he had intended to read to Rosie to almost fall off his lap. He took a deep breath, bracing himself. Why couldn’t Lilly have asked Rosie on one of Sherlock’s bedtime nights? He prayed to God that he’d at least be spared the birds and bees talk.
“You really want to teach her
For a moment, Sherlock is confused by the nature of the question, before he realises John is asking about his profession. He tries to ignore the fact that his name sounds strangely different from John’s lips and shifts in his seat.
Sherlock wants to reply but pauses instead. He didn’t tell John that he murdered their last board with a knife, and Lestrade couldn’t have known that.
Sherlock must’ve read my mind. He’s looking at me when I open my eyes again.
When they were all sat at the table, John wondered if Rosie would notice the piece of silver on her parents’ fingers. Maybe she’d actually forgotten.
In the kitchen he found Sherlock, nose-deep into his microscope. He didn’t look up when John entered.
“Sometimes even I have to make sacrifices for the greater good. Mr. Simon shouldn’t have to suffer longer than necessary.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, mimicking one of his fake-reassuring grins.
Sherlock has been following the mysterious man for the past twenty minutes. He has taken a zigzag route to what seems to be an abandoned warehouse, looking over his shoulder every now and then. Luckily, Sherlock manages to increase the distance between them without losing sight. If everything goes according to plan, the man he’s been following will turn out to be Sebastian Miller, the psychopathic serial killer he and John have been trying to find for the last four weeks. Given the suspicious outward appearance, combined with his earlobes and the way his shoes are tied, Sherlock is 99% certain.
Sherlock’s heart felt a little lighter at the sight of Rosie. “Papa, can we go on the roof?”
Sherlock takes another shaky breath. Everything is fine; nothing has changed.
“Are you sure? I imagine I’d be great ghost company. I could give you lectures about the three hundred-and-forty-three different types of tobacco ash whenever you’re bored at work.”
“It’s fine, John, really. Do you want to talk about what happened in your childhood?” Sherlock attempts a neutral tone.
“That sounds like we’re living inside some kind of action-movie.”
“So, I guess I’ll see you tomorrow,” John says.
“A good morning indeed,” Sherlock replies. “Merry Christmas.”
“It’s perfectly save as long as we avoid touching the rails,” he replies, stepping further into the darkness. In the corner of his eyes, he can see John shrugging at Lestrade before they both jump.
He turned around to Rosie, who was grinning from ear to ear.
I give Sherlock a long look. He stares back at me and for some reason I surrender. “Fine, I’ll go right away if you tell me what you need a make-up brush for. And don’t just tell me it’s for a case.”
He sits up and opens his eyes. I feel a stab of guilt immediately. The hematoma is still slightly visible in his left eye. I try to look away. I’ve always found Sherlock’s heterochromia eyes the most beautiful part of him, and I destroyed that, although only temporarily. I shift my weight from one foot to the other. When Sherlock remains silent, I frown at him.
Before you go.
“I love you, Sherlock. I’ve loved you for a long time, but I was too scared. I didn’t know you felt the same way and I… I didn’t want to ruin our friendship either. But when the woman at the park earlier thought you were Rosie’s dad, I realised that that’s exactly what I want. You and Rosie are my family.” I take another step closer.
“Oh, you told him about me?” I ask Mike.
Sherlock can feel a smile appear on his face, something he has almost gotten used to in John’s presence. “I might have an idea.”
John looks up and down his body. “What’s wrong now?”
“What? No, I don’t think you’ve ever told me that. That’s awful!”
“Hello to you, too, Dr. Watson.”
“Oh, try me,” John replied giggling.
“Nothing happens to me.”
“You do realise that you don’t have a say in this matter,” John replies but checks himself in the mirror nonetheless. Maybe he shouldn’t have gone for such a Christmassy jumper. Maybe he should show his flatmate that he can have a sense of fashion if he wants to.
“Yeah, you’re probably right. But we just never really talk about these things, so it could be quite awkward,” I reply.
Sherlock turns back around after having found no footprints in the flower bed. He takes a closer look at the pond, but there’s nothing unusual there. When he turns his attention to the path the three of them are standing on, he kneels down after something has caught his attention. After a closer examination, he stands back up and grins at Lestrade.
Stamford, obviously surprised to be asked a favour by Sherlock, starts searching his pockets. “Sorry, it’s in my coat.”
Trying to think back, he doesn’t even remember the exact moment he fell in love. Was it when John pulled him from a tank and saved his life? Or when he spilled his soup and giggled for four minutes straight after Sherlock told him the victim had committed suicide during one of their Cluedo nights? Was it even one distinct moment, or the culmination of their time spent together?
John has to think about what Sherlock means for a second before nodding enthusiastically.  “Yeah, definitely. Who was that?”
Mr. Saltire looks confused and caught. How boring. John, on the other hand, looks at Sherlock with amazement and possibly something else.
John silently tells himself that everything will be fine; surely he’ll stop thinking about Sherlock when he stops seeing him and eventually move past this bloody mess. There’s no reason why anything in his life should change. As he slowly drifts off to sleep, John wonders why he doesn’t fully believe himself.
“Why not? You like her, don’t you?”
John’s stomach sinks to the floor once he dares to look at Mary. Her expression is one of horror, shock, hurt, sadness and disappointment all at once, but she tries to conceal it immediately.
John opens his mouth to say something but Sherlock silences him by raising his hand and standing up.
“Wait, what?!” John is the first to ask.
“And I’m not biased, am I?”
“I mean, that’s not what I –“
“So, I think we should go to sleep,” John finally says, breaking the silence. His voice sounds strange, deeper somehow, and he clears his throat.
“Yeah,” I say, looking at the sheer endless cribs in front of me. I touch a white one that I think looks nice and look up at the girl. Her ponytail swings behind her head. She can’t be older than 20.
“Nothing… I meant, er, as a friend –”
Sherlock continues to tell John the differences between Bach and Mendelssohn. He speaks just as passionately about the two musicians as if he were talking about a triple homicide. That’s one of the things that John has always found intriguing about him – the man has the most specific and encyclopedic knowledge of possible bruising after death, yet he doesn’t know anything about the solar system. John listens intently whilst drinking, even though he already feels way too tipsy.
When they have calmed down, Sherlock closes the door, uses the toilet and lets John alone in the bathroom, afterwards. He cannot help but feel the tiniest bit of hope blossoming inside him.
He frowns. “Of course.”
“I know.”
I can’t help but think back to the last time I actually had sugar in my coffee. Sherlock had handed me a sugared coffee with a smile and I thought he wanted to apologise. As it turned out, he just used it as an excuse to try and drug me like a lab rat. That cock.
When the song ended, John was still staring into Sherlock’s eyes. He didn’t even notice Rosie running up to them and letting herself fall into Sherlock’s side, who let go of John’s hands in order to pick her up.
“Well, I’m glad you like it,” Sherlock replies with a smirk. They stare into each other’s eyes for a second, and Sherlock can’t believe his luck. He would thank the heavens for John Watson, if something as ludicrous as heaven existed.
“You need to be respectful with it,” John says. He takes a step forward and slowly strokes the animal’s nose bridge. “See?”
John opens the door as quietly as possible, trying not to wake Mary. He can hear her breathe evenly in the darkness of their bedroom. The incident with Sherlock made him return home unusually late, and his wife was already asleep when he arrived. He slowly changes into his pajamas, but once he lifts the blanket in order to get under the covers on his side of the bed, he can feel Mary shifting next to him.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair a little and took a sip of his tea before replying. “Kids can be cruel sometimes, John. But Rosie is a tough girl; she’s got her mother’s fire. I’m sure she’ll be fine.”
“You know what – you’re right! You’re absolutely right…” He gets up from the chair and crosses the kitchen with large steps.
All logic and reasonable thoughts of calling the police first leave John’s mind. He can see Sherlock’s tall body floating inside, his eyes closed. John practically jumps up the stairs and unscrews the lid. The water is already reaching the top of the tank, so all John has to do is jump in head first.
Slipping the phone back into his pocket, John gathers his things and heads out without waiting for a reply. The warm evening air already hints at the arrival of spring, causing John to leave his jacket unzipped and his scarf open. Outside, his thoughts start to wander again. Without focusing on the street, he practically runs into the tall man in his dark coat.
And the knot in John’s chest loosened a little.
The man takes a deep breath before replying. “The chances of his recovery are high, although there isn’t a chart to analyse and compare. You see, it’s different with each patient. From our current knowledge I’d say the chances that Dr. Watson will fully recover are at 89%. As for the other 11%, these patients never regain their memory. But, I assure you, we’re far from that point. If your husband still doesn’t remember anything by the end of the year, we could start to consider his state permanent from a medical point of view.”
“And you invaded Afghanistan”
My best friend frowns at me. He clearly thinks that I won’t see him again once the baby is born. Maybe his assumption isn’t that farfetched, considering I didn’t see him for one month after my wedding. I feel guilty at the thought. Sherlock should know that I don’t plan on doing that again.
“The windows are locked. There’s an alarm that goes off if you try to open them from the outside. No one could’ve possibly climbed through them.” He looks frustrated. His eyes are fixed on the street.
He puts the drive into his pockets and returns his attention to the petri dish in front of him, when a knock on the door and a man entering makes Sherlock look up and forget his string of thoughts completely.
Rosie was sitting in one of her tiny chairs and Sherlock was brushing her hair, focussing on her blonde curls as if they were the crucial evidence underneath a microscope.
“There’s no need to be sorry, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, I’m…” is all I can bring out before I reach my climax. My hips thrust up and I can hear a distinct moan that might be coming from me or from Sherlock. Sherlock doesn’t stop sucking, so my release lands in his hot mouth. I look down at my best friend who’s eyeing me intensely.
“Sherlock?”
“I don’t think you have,” Mary replies. She turns over the page of the paper she’s currently reading before taking a sip of her coffee.
“So, shall we leave?”
“I thought you hated waiting?”
“Shit,” John says. “It’s not like in the city without all the street lights out here, is it? Where are you?”
“I should be heading home soon,” John says after emptying his cup.
“Yes, Sherlock. God, I love you. I love you so much. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” He lifted his hand to gently touch Sherlock’s face. “That is, if you’re interested.”
“I studied chemistry, yes. But my work is more...” he searches for the right term, “practical.”
He stares up at Mary, who’s still looking down on him with her arms crossed. So this is how his marriage will end, after all. A ten minute conversation in their kitchen, and it’s over.
“I had some at the Palace.”
He steps further into the room, staring at Sherlock’s empty chair for a second. He only notices the letter in the corner of his eyes once he turns back around.
Today has been a particularly rough day, for no apparent reason. It’s always Russian roulette for John in the mornings, whether he’ll wake up from a dreamless night or with a wet face and the haunted memory of Sherlock’s lips on his. Most of the time, he manages to push aside the flood of emotions until he finishes work, but sometimes he doesn’t even manage to get out of bed. It’s on these days that the frustration he feels turns into anger towards the person who’s responsible, beside himself, for his misery.
Bloody hell.
It’s a lame excuse for not phoning his friend but going by their current situation he wouldn’t have minded dragging out their encounter even further. John feels guilty at the realisation but having small talk and trying to break the ice with acquaintances is something he never enjoyed attempting.
“Is she asleep?” Sherlock asked before returning his attention to the laptop.
“Shh, you’re waking up the other guests.”
“I know. She’s growing up so fast.”
“Well…”
A week later, John sat on the rooftop of 221B with his daughter on his lap and his best friend slash co-parent next to him. They were watching the night sky above, coming up with all different kinds of images they were able to read in the stars.
Sherlock has to blink to make sure the person in front of him isn’t a fata morgana. It’s John in a grey jumper and dark jeans, his deep blue eyes filled with insecurity and something else. For a moment, the two of them stare at each other, until Mrs. Hudson interrupts them by clearing her throat.
“Well, look at that. The great Sherlock Holmes, speechless at last.”
“Sherlock? Oh god, this is ridiculous. Okay. I know you can’t hear me, but I need to talk to you and I can’t simply wait for you to appear in my dream. You’re probably wondering why I’m here today. Well, today is the day you changed my life three bloody years ago. And now you’re gone.” I pause for a while and take a deep breath. “Do you remember when you told me you only had one friend? I didn’t realise it back then, but I only had one friend, too. And that friend is dead now. But I could really use your advice.”
“John?” he finally asks.
“No, I meant on this day. You know, the 29th of January.” I clear my throat. He has probably forgotten about that. It’s not even important, and why would someone who deleted the solar system remember the day he met his flatmate?
“You watch it every Sunday night.”
“What was that?” John can’t help asking. He doesn’t even know what happened at the crime scene. Does Mr. Holmes really expect him to help? Is he some sort of inspector himself?
He went downstairs to find Rosie and Sherlock already awaiting him. Rosie closed her arms around one of his legs and told him how good the suit looked on him. Sherlock didn’t say anything.
I manage a quick laugh.
Sherlock looks at him in confusion.
“Oh is that so? Because last time I checked, I was the expert on, I quote, ‘emotions and these dull human things’.”
“But how…?”
John lets the sentence trail off when something in the corner of his eyes catches his attention. From his seat close to the window he has a good view of the other side of the street, where several police cars are currently parking in front of one of the houses. One of the officers is securing police tape in front of the pavement, closing it off from the public. The chaotic scene of people running around, carrying boxes full of supplies from each car to the building is not what makes John pause, though. It’s the back of a tall, curly-haired man in a long coat, apparently arguing with one of the officers. Mr. Holmes lifts his hands up in frustration before ruffling them through his hair. For some reason John’s mouth twitches up at the gesture.
“You know I can’t. Not unless he asks me to.”
“And what’s that?” Sherlock asks through gritted teeth. He barely manages to stand.
“There are only two possible answers. It’s best if we split up. Lestrade, you go this way,” he says, pointing to the right side of the tunnel, “John and I will take the other way.”
“Look.” He comes back over to the table and presses play, pointing at the laptop. “Seven carriages leave Westminster, but only six carriages arrive at St. James’s Park. The entire tube compartment disappeared. The driver must have diverted the train and then detached the last carriage.”
Sherlock quickly looks away. “Which train would you like to take tomorrow?” he asks in a casual tone. “There’s one leaving at 9:30.”
“Alright, although I doubt it’s like Christmas for the family.”
He saw Sherlock’s eyes widening and was pleased with himself for evoking such reaction. Even though they had been living together for so many years, the two of them had never had that type of friendship where one would just undress in front of the other, even though John had seen Sherlock inside the flat with no more than his bed sheets on more times than he could count.
John seems surprised. “You think I look athletic? Next to you?!”
“– interesting.”
“Er…”
“Right… what?” He looks over to Greg, who seems just as confused.
“Oh come on! You really called me because of a simple cold?!” John can’t stop himself from chuckling. For some reason he wouldn’t have expected Sherlock to be sickly, or whiny.
John didn’t know where to look because suddenly Sherlock was unbearably close. He stared at the floor like an idiot, catching sight of Rosie in her yellow dress swiftly running towards the side of the pavilion. Then there was a hand underneath his chin, gently pulling his head up.
“What would you suggest?”
Sherlock’s heart makes a little jump at the pronoun. “Yes, you returned to her.”
“You can’t just bring people yourself, Sherlock. We’ve got a qualified team here!”
“Alright, I’ll be going, then. I have important business to attend, anyway. And I wouldn’t want to be in the way of two bonded souls,” she winks at John before leaving.
“Shhh. Can we talk later?” I whisper.
When Sherlock doesn’t reply, I continue. “The best man.”
Without giving John the chance to reply, he storms off towards the door, opening it with a swift motion using the key in his left coat pocket.
The warmth in his chest expands even more. Sherlock decides that they talked enough for the night, grabs John’s head with his hand and presses their lips together again. After all, he can now use a language with John that’s so much more efficient than English.
We talk a bit more about the possibilities of Rosie’s future, until I hear her cry from the baby monitor. As I’m about to get out of my chair, Sherlock places a hand on my shoulder and pushes me back down.
Back at the flat, we eat our meals on the sofa. The take-away boxes are spread out in front of us on the couch table. The food is delicious, I can’t deny that. Sherlock talks more about the case, probably simultaneously explaining his theories to me and deciding which one is the most probable one to himself. I listen and try not to interrupt his thought process too often. Even though we are stuck with the case, he seems content. His now blue eyes are gleaming with anticipation.
After work, I call Molly on my way home and ask her to watch Rosie for a couple of hours. She gladly agrees. I feel a pinch of guilt crawling to the surface, thinking back to the time last year when I let my daughter down so often because I simply couldn’t cope. After the Culverton Smith case and everything that came with it, I decided to change that. I’ve been spending my whole time with Rosie since then, and today will be the first time I let someone babysit her when I’m not working. The reason is a new case, of course. It’ll be our first case in weeks. Sherlock texted me yesterday that he could use my help. I agreed to come to Baker Street today to start working on it. Even though we haven’t had a proper case, I’ve been spending a lot of time at Baker Street. I simply pack Rosie’s stroller in the afternoons and visit my old home. It somehow has a soothing effect on me, and it’s better than staying in the flat that reminds me of Mary so much. The fact that Sherlock is my preferred company is only an additional factor.
But even after he’d met John, he’d still been able to keep his feelings under control. He managed for so long to keep the affection he felt for his flatmate at bay. With every passing day, he’d gotten better at concealing his lingering looks, his amazed gazes, his longing expressions towards John. Or had he?
“… man,” I reply, while Sherlock simultaneously asks “… friend?”
“Well, fine then. Thank you, Dr. Watson.”
“That sounds better,” John agreed. They had been given a bottle of finest Scottish single malt whisky last year after saving a distiller’s son from his kidnapper at a distillery in Islay.
“I dunno. Apparently I’ve talked a bit too much about you, and a bit too less about her.” He shrugs his shoulders. She was kind of boring, anyway.
Sherlock frowns at me, the look of confusion clear on his face. “Because it contains important information concerning national security.”
“Did anything happen yesterday?”
to stop. During the day he focused all his attention to the mission, but at night he was plagued with the worst kind of dreams – the ones that you know can never come true.
“Well, yes, but… where did you get that?”
“No, stop!”
It wasn’t as if Rosie had changed Sherlock’s entire being. She had merely brought out a side of Sherlock that had already existed, a side that had been successfully hidden beneath a mask of indifference that probably only John had ever seen taken off. Rosie’s love for her Papa, however, had caused Sherlock’s mask to dissolve.
Sherlock slowly crawls back up and lies down next to me. I turn to face him and give him a deep kiss. He tastes like me and it turns me back on immediately. I’m more than glad to finally be able to touch his gorgeous curls. When I shift partly over his beautiful body, I realise that Sherlock is still wearing his trousers. His erection is pressing hard against the fabric, and I stop the kiss to reach down and remove them as fast as possible. I stop at his boxers for a second and tuck them down more carefully. His penis is overwhelming – long and thin just like the rest of his body. When I allowed myself to fantasise about this in the past, this has always been the only difficult part. I’ve never been with a man before and the question of what to do with another cock always scared me a bit. Now I realise that my worries were more than unnecessary. Sherlock’s penis isn’t just aesthetically pleasing, it’s also extremely arousing. I never thought I could feel this way about male body parts, but with Sherlock it all feels natural.
“Mary, we need to talk.” John clears his throat, slowly sitting down in front of the kitchen table.
Even though there are 1276,21 kilometers between them, he still has a hold on Sherlock’s actions. At the beginning, it was hard. After a couple of months, it was even harder. Sherlock had anticipated that the pain would subside, much in accordance with the saying that time can heal any wound, but that apparently doesn’t apply to soulmates. In February of last year, Sherlock thought that he couldn’t possibly be more miserable, but he was proven wrong for the second time in his life. Thinking about him and what he might be doing with his wonderful wife hurt so badly that Sherlock
John breaks off and stares up at Sherlock. Somehow his hands have found their way around the lapels of Sherlock’s coat, causing him to be hauled close against his friend. Sherlock is still staring at him, with his eyes wide open and an expression on his face that John doesn’t recall ever seeing before.
“Mr. Holmes, a word.”
“He’s over there,” John said, pointing at Sherlock’s large figure in the approaching dawn. He was standing next to Molly with his arms crossed, looking as bored as he often did during social gatherings. Molly was obviously trying to engage him into a conversation but Sherlock didn’t seem all too interested.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock. I’ll see you between the years.”
“That’s not a plan.”
“That is correct, Dr. Watson. I hope you can now understand my concern about complete decency,” the short-sighted man replies. Upon seeing him for the first time at Baker Street, Sherlock knew that this man had nothing to do with the kidnapping. He burst into tears while telling his story, which put Sherlock into the uncomfortable position of having to offer comfort, since John had been at the clinic.
“I knew you’d help. If you tell me your location I can send someone.”
“What? What did you find?” John asks from behind.
“Yeah, but you usually refuse to watch it with me.” Sherlock can feel John’s eyes resting on him. He can also feel the side of John’s arm almost touching his. He decides that he doesn’t mind staying in this position a bit longer.
“Sir, can I help you?”
John slowly shakes his head. “No sorry, I can’t. I love you, Mary, I really do. But with him it’s – ”
“No, Sherlock, that’s not what I meant.”
“I can see that your heart is uneasy, so talk to me, please.”
From the website alone I’d assume he’s a private detective, with a mad talent to deduce stuff about other people. That can’t be true, though. He claims to be able to identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb. That’s impossible, of course. I guess I’ll have to ask him tomorrow.
“Fine, then get two mugs please.”
“We should take you to bed,” he said.
“Thank you for your help, Dr. Watson. You are amazing with kids.” The mother of my 6-year-old patient smiles at me. She has a pretty smile, and I try to return it. Unwillingly, my mind goes back to the last time someone used that compliment on me. “John, you are fantastic, you’re amazing!” He had said. It was the only time I’d seen him compliment someone other than himself like that. He had even called me his
“Erm, hello.”
“Sherlock, Sherlock, please.”
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock asks. He hasn’t gotten used to them not holding hands in cabs anymore, yet.
“We live there, it’s in central London,” he tells John. John nods again and clears his throat. He looks down at his fingers and clenches his hand into a fist. Something is obviously bothering him.
The past two weeks were a much needed holiday for him, after finally solving who was behind the planned terrorist attack to the Austrian parliament. His physical wounds started to heal, while his emotional wounds continued to bleed. The mission provided somewhat of a distraction, causing the pain to slowly turn numb in his veins. Now, however, without terrorists and captors and murderers by his side, Sherlock finds himself lost in memories all the time. Memories that keep flooding his mind almost every waking moment; and haunt him likewise in his dreams.
“Well, I hope he makes up his mind soon. I don’t need a dead Moriarty playing games when the baby is born.”
“Not a word.”
“Where are the cows?” John asks while chewing.
John rushes back into his room, packing up his clothes and supplies from the tiny bathroom. He searches for his charger as his thoughts start to wander back to last night. Why did Sherlock run off after the kiss? Wasn’t it as eye-opening for him as it was for John? Does he not feel the same way? John’s heart clenches uncomfortably in his chest thinking about the expression of horror on Sherlock’s face. But before that, Sherlock had kissed him rather enthusiastically. The memory of his moaning give John chills; the way Sherlock had held him close and kissed him so passionately, pouring so many emotions into every touch. He had kissed him like he meant it; like he wanted to kiss John for a very long time. He couldn’t have possibly faked all that, or could he?
He already knows about the potential flatshare. I wonder briefly how Mike managed to tell him, since we only just got here together and Mike couldn’t have known that we’d bump into each other today, could he? Maybe Mike sent him a text while we were walking over here.
“That’s exactly the problem, Sherlock.
When I wake up the second time that day, I find myself surprised that I didn’t dream more, and that it’s already 6 am. He would probably correct me now, saying that humans dream every night and just happen to forget most of it, but he’s not. Here, I mean. I try to think of something else, as Ella advised me to, but it takes up all my energy to do so. It’s like when you have to pee and everyone tells you to think about anything else other than water, water is the only thing you can think about. And for the last six months, he has been my water. I get up, get dressed, go to the bathroom and straight into the kitchen to make breakfast. It’s a schedule I settled on with Ella. A routine in my life that keeps everything organised and planned. Planning every minute of the day leaves no room for thoughts. I prepare my bagel with a military drill I perfected at the army. Usually, I would look at the calendar now to check for any appointments, but today I avoid looking at it. Seeing the date is too painful. It’s not like it isn’t marked on my brain anyway.
“If we can hold this pace, we’ll be sure to make port by Wednesday, sir. Maybe even Tuesday if the wind stays with us.”
There are dark sweat stains under his arms, and the portion of his throat and chest that Sherlock can see at the open collar of his shirt is glistening with sweat.
, as if any of that mattered!”
John felt his heart break with sympathy. It was such a simple request.
He remembers sitting on the scorched carpet beside Mycroft, both of them gasping from the exertion, their faces red and shining, and Mycroft’s hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, so tight it hurt him, asking him over and over again, “Are you all right?” until Sherlock had spluttered a reply, and then Mycroft left to go get water to pour over the smoking ruin of Sherlock’s work table.
The room was definitely getting hotter; sweat was pouring down John’s neck, the lights of the candles blurring into star-shaped points before his eyes.
to try and make them stay another second, Sherlock is pulling John by the arm away from the table and across the crowded tavern.
“Do you know what you’re doing to him? You’ll drive him mad!”
“John—!”
Sherlock looks back at Deverall, who’s gone to stand by Lieutenant Lestrade, presumably to give him his report from the hold. Lestrade is shouting orders to the men in the longboats below.
John shifts, head rolling on the pillow, mouth falling open as he sighs in his sleep.
Then John had a very good idea.
“I finished that ages ago.
“Ooh, I’m quaking in my boots. You are a good guard dog. I’ll give you that. But I have a feeling your bark is worse than your bite.” He slithered closer and John had to clench his fists to keep from falling back a step. “I have a suggestion for you, Johnny Boy. Be a little more
John tugs at the curls, lowering his mouth to Sherlock’s and Sherlock cries out low in his throat, his body surging up against John’s, his free hand reaching out to clutch at the material of John’s shirt to pull John closer.
John let his body cover Sherlock’s, let his face fall heavy against Sherlock’s temple, breathing in the scent of him, his hair—the smell of his sweat; he smelled like sex.
Sherlock pulls the door wide.
Sherlock feels a wave of desire move through him so powerful it makes his legs go weak beneath him. He is still holding the case of medical supplies in one hand; he wishes now he had the foresight to set it down earlier. He does not want to move for fear of shattering the moment, this sweet tension stretching between them now as fragile as a tendril of spun sugar.
“You look… you look good,” he stammers, feeling his cheeks flush with embarrassment as his words utterly fail to convey what he’s trying to say. He tries again. “I mean, you look nice, tonight… your—your blue shirt.”
“Did you take it from him yourself?”
John scoots over to make room for Sherlock. His heart is beating so fast. He feels like he should say something.
Sherlock risks a glance up at her face to gage her reaction, and watches as her cheeks turn pink with pleasure.
“I want you… to prepare me,” John said, pressing his mouth in against Sherlock’s chin where he could reach. “I want to feel your fingers…” Another kiss—John let Sherlock feel the scrape of his teeth against his jaw. “Those lovely, lovely fingers…” John could feel Sherlock’s fingers trembling now where they held his hip. “…inside me.”
The realization made John’s chest constrict with feeling, but it also filled his cock with a renewed rush of blood—Sherlock offering himself up to John, so trusting; his desire naked on his face.
He spares a moment to appreciate the delicate floral scent of it again, closing his eyes and holding it up to his nose as he begins to work it between his hands, this time detecting notes of orange blossom, honey, and the faintest hint of jasmine.
Sherlock’s eyes blink open slowly—he feels as though the room has dropped away beneath them, as though he and John are about to be plunged down into the vastness of the sea—so immense are his feelings in this moment.
He wishes he could take more clothes off—it’s stiflingly hot below deck, even with the porthole open, the humid tropical air does nothing to relieve the heat, and Sherlock can feel his shirt is sticking to his back with sweat; his own cock, aching where it’s still confined within his trousers.
Sherlock shoved the bowl across the table at the boy without another word.
Sherlock sits up a little to do so, and obediently parts his lips, suddenly aware of just how thirsty he is as John tips the cup, and the cool liquid slides into his mouth. He gulps at it, desperate, feels water spill down over his chin.
Sherlock darts his eyes back up to John, a feeling cresting within him that feels very like hope.
He cannot decide whom he’s more furious with—himself for being stupid enough to stroll into territory where he’s so decidedly unwelcome in broad daylight, or Stevens for finding him, for tormenting him like an insect he found under a rock that he plans to crush.
Sherlock’s whole body felt different—it was remarkable how much he could change just in the span of a few minutes. Whereas a moment ago he had been rigid, trembling, his whole body convulsing with need, now he was sinuous, soft, his body like butter, his skin like fresh cream; he seemed to coil around John as John lay next to him.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for all your delightful and generous feedback and support. It gives me such joy to write these chapters with all of you in mind.
He reached for a robe on the back of the bathroom door. Sherlock took two nervous steps toward him, his entire posture lit with uncertainty and fear.
John presses his face in against the base of Sherlock’s cock and inhales, and no, Sherlock cannot take it—his fingers must be leaving bruises on John’s shoulders, his nails biting half-moons into John’s flesh—because John’s mouth is
John thought about resisting as Sherlock pushed him by the shoulders down the hall and toward the stairs. He desperately needed a shower, he hadn’t slept in nearly twenty-four hours, and his shoulder would be complaining soon after all that vigorous activity, but John found that he didn’t care. He didn’t even feel tired. Sherlock’s boost of energy was apparently infectious. He took the stairs up to his room two at a time, feeling more excited to go look at a dead body with Sherlock than he’d felt about anything else that had happened that week.
But why had Knott been privy to this information? And what was the motivation for the murder of Knott’s associate? What business did the dead man have with the captain?
“Not here,” he mutters in a low voice. “Someone might overhear us. I know another place where we might talk unnoticed.”
As soon as Sherlock has freed himself they both hiss in relief at the sensation of their cocks coming together, the heat of John against him makes Sherlock’s knees buckle at how good it feels.
It must be only a little past noon; if he hurries, he will still be able to make it to the passenger saloon in time for lunch.
Although it was the middle of the day, the fog hung heavy over the grey streets, shrouding everything in gloomy obscurity. It might as well be six o’clock in the evening for all that they could make out.
Before Deverall or Dimmock can react, Anderson has seized Sherlock by the shoulders and slammed him, with nauseating force, into the wall at his back.
Sherlock can taste the fury in his kiss, the desperation; he opens his mouth against John’s, offering his tongue, his fingers cupping John’s jawline as he does, as if to say, ‘Here, I am. Take me. Take this as my offering of comfort.’
Sherlock feels faint just thinking about it.
Sherlock strokes him through it, feels John go boneless against him, his mouth pressed hot and open against Sherlock’s cheek as he gasps through the after-shocks, which go on much longer than Sherlock anticipated, his arms looped all the while around Sherlock’s neck.
“Good to see ya again, Master Holmes. A real pleasure, as always.”
Of course, both extremes of Sherlock’s personality had the potential to make John insensate with rage. Another way to characterize Sherlock just after a case was lazy. John couldn’t get him to do anything useful around the house, but then again, nor could he get the Sherlock who was manically working on a case to do any of those tasks either.
“What’d ya say about playing a jig?”
OBVIOUSLY, I'm eager to hear what you thought. Please comment accordingly. :)
The next time Sherlock comes, John will be ready for him.
Depending on how long the ship makes port, it could mean an opportunity to
He has never seen John lose control like this. John, who has such mastery over his body, who is so confident, so sure of himself, to see John, to
Sherlock steps aside to let him into the room. He watches Billy pour it into the basin on the stand beside the door, whistling jauntily all the while.
Molly nods.
“I can see you really like pinning me,” John said breathlessly. “Making me completely vulnerable…”
Sherlock waits, heart pounding like a war drum in his ears.
The man who calls himself Ironsides Jake appears before them, arms crossed over his lean chest. “You haven’t sung a word yet tonight and that needs to be remedied.”
He turns to walk away, and Sherlock, remembering the square of paper tucked in his breast pocket, calls after him, attempting once again to affect the tone of someone young and impossibly naïve.
“No,” John says, eyes on the ceiling, his bandaged hand still where it rests over Sherlock’s. “There’s no guarantee.”
John flexed the fingers of his hand.
It’s his fault—his fault that John was made to suffer—that John’s hands are destroyed, wounded beyond recognition. If he hadn’t cried out, if he hadn’t called for help—if he hadn’t taken the stupid paper from Ferguson in the first place—none of this would have ever happened.
His back is starting to hurt from being hunched over in this position, his knees are aching; the sweat is pouring down his back, but he can tell John’s orgasm is close—he can feel it in the clench of John’s abdominal muscles, the slight trembling of his thighs.
"Perhaps,” John says, and squeezes his fingers.
John felt Sherlock’s body stiffen as he found the spot and then melt back against him as he began to stroke. John slid his free hand around to Sherlock’s front and spread his fingers low on Sherlock’s stomach, holding Sherlock against him. Sherlock’s head fell back against John’s chest. John felt a bolt of arousal shoot straight to his balls. Having Sherlock against him like this, so utterly at his mercy… he was almost convinced he could come like this, just from touching Sherlock.
“Yes! Please, John. Please!” Sherlock whines.
He lifts his head from John’s chest, his mouth dropping open in shock.
going to wait for Lestrade when we get there, correct?”
All the weight of John’s sorrow seems to double in that moment, in the sensory overload that erupts in him at the sight of that one slender strip of fabric, and for the first time in days, John fears he may actually be close to tears.
Sherlock stands and stares, his mind wiped blank with shock.
Sherlock stands and stares, transfixed, as they begin to play.
Sherlock’s breath ghosted the back of his ear. He was holding John tight, too tight against the long line of his body. John could feel Sherlock’s heart pounding against his back through the thin material of his shirt.
(a.k.a.
When John reaches the railing, he rises to his full height and pauses for a moment to look down at the men as they break into a chorus of renewed shouts, his face lit up in a triumphant smile, bare chest heaving slightly from the exertion, the gold of the late-afternoon sunlight glinting off his wet hair, and it occurs to Sherlock, not for the first time, just how impossible John Watson is, with his impeccable balance, bare feet gripping the railing with ease, the light pouring out of him until Sherlock is not certain whether it is John that is responsible for his brilliance, or the sun at his back.
Or perhaps that’s simply how Sherlock feels watching them, perhaps it’s his own shock making it feel as if time has slowed to a steady drip, as every step he takes, it becomes clearer and clearer to him that John is nowhere to be found.
The movement made the burning sensation worse at first but Sherlock’s long fingers were easily able to reach his prostate and the feel of them, rubbing against it, made low ripples of pleasure course through the pain, chasing it away.
Among the company of midshipmen, Sherlock is surprised to see Baynes seated on Deverall’s other side. The poor boy looks smaller than he did when Sherlock saw him last—he looks diminished somehow, his mouth unsmiling, his face drawn.
. We met by chance one night, while both on leave in Portsmouth. You know, when I first caught sight of him I thought I was looking at his ghost.”
The stink of the bilge water on his soaked trousers is ripe in Sherlock’s nostrils, as is the sharp scent of a body that has been working constantly without stop—but all of it is as sweet to Sherlock as honey, as cream, as lilacs—because it helps to recreate a picture of what John has been experiencing in their time apart; because all of it is part of John.
In his rage, Sherlock has turned his eyes back to John’s. He sees John’s face filling once again with surprise at his words.
Sherlock looks up and his stomach drops.
John is silent beside him for several minutes, looking up at the sky, and Sherlock hates himself for not being able to answer, feels the return of his misery with a palpable pang in his chest, but before he can fully re-immerse himself in his self-hatred, John’s gentle voice interrupts his thoughts.
It’s so easy for the bubbles to rise; so easy for him to keep sinking down and down, his body as heavy as a stone.
John kisses his neck, each kiss tenderer than the last, his hand reaching up to take one of Sherlock’s in his own, tangling their fingers together; his other hand trailing over Sherlock’s side, just the backs of his knuckles tracing the curve of Sherlock’s bare hip, making Sherlock shiver and press closer into John from his perch on the desk, legs twining lazily around the backs of John’s.
It’s just a few steps before they clear the line of the trees, and Sherlock feels his breath leave him at the sight that awaits them on the other side.
and he cannot think of anything else to say.
Blue—all he sees in front of him, bright liquid blue. The color of the sky in winter, the color of the sea, ice cold and terribly bright. Something about the color catches in his chest; seems to fill him up, and it’s like being bathed in light.
Sherlock lets out a long breath.
so much, if he concentrates on the feeling of John under his hand, focuses on the shifting expressions on his face, he can find his way there.
He licked at the hollow at the base of John’s throat, tugging at the collar of John’s jumper, pulling it down so he could lick the length of his collarbones.
“You don’t understand! You can’t—you can’t want me. Moriarty was right. I’m… I’m an animal. God look at me! I can’t—I’m not like you. I can’t keep my body under control. It doesn’t… I’m not…”
“It’s you, Sherlock. Having you here with me, the fact that you feel this way about me… I’m having a hard time believing this is real.”
He’d wanted so badly in that moment to reach out and touch Sherlock, not motivated by lust but by the simple aesthetic impulse to see the whole of Sherlock’s splendid frame laid bare before his eyes, to see the way the sun would strike the curves and hollows of his torso, his hips, and what lay between them.
“Let’s have another song!” Someone calls.
Sherlock slumped back against the pillows in defeat, his expression stormy.
Watching John’s face as he sings, it’s clear to Sherlock that John can see the place he’s singing about as clearly as can see the ship under his feet. What does it mean? The word in Irish must refer to the title of the song. Has John ever been to Ireland? How can he sing about it with such melancholy sweetness if he hasn’t?
In fact, he’s somewhat disappointed by how easy it turns out to be.
There’s something in the smile shared between them that makes the now familiar feeling of jealousy lurch unpleasantly to life in Sherlock’s chest. It’s all too clear from the look that passes between them that John
Sherlock returned a few minutes later, breathless, his hair sticking up in the back from the way he’d been lying on the pillow, grinning triumphantly.
Sherlock had been holding himself slightly above John but as John’s hands continued their passage up and down Sherlock’s back, his hips began to sink toward the mattress, and gradually he lowered himself into the space between John’s parted thighs.
“Of course I’m alright, why wouldn’t I be?” His words were full of the usual venom but something about his delivery was off. Perhaps it was the stiff quality of his features. Something about them didn’t look right.
John sits back, shaking his head. “I guess you’re probably right. There’s no reason we need to be sitting on the floor, is there?”
John wasn’t sure how long he lay there nearly senseless, enjoying the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers rubbing so softly, so meditatively in his hair, but gradually he felt the rumble of Sherlock’s voice under his cheek.
John was happy to see the steady stream of freshly baked goods that Mrs. Hudson supplied Sherlock with. Even if he only ate a tenth of what she brought him, it would do him good. He needed fattening up.
John has to laugh. “It’s not that easy for me. I don’t have a mind palace to go to and just… delete things.”
“We’ll be rid of them soon enough,” he said half-way into the living-room.
After the inspection, Sherlock walks over to the victim’s wife, transforming into a completely different person – a tearful, understanding man who morns his friend’s early decease. Once he has gotten the answer he was looking for, he changes back to himself just as quickly. John has no idea what that answer may be.
“… cause Henry found them; so did the tour guide bloke. We all heard something… Maybe we should just look for whoever’s got a big dog.”
“Yes, apparently I am. Doesn’t happen very often, but if it does, I do require some sleep. Even my brain needs reproduction of the oligodendrocytes to function properly.”
I hold her close in the darkness of the room and smell the distinctive scent of babies. I love this smell. I sit down in the armchair we put in front of the bookshelf when Mary started breastfeeding her here. I turn on the small lamp that bathes the room in warm light. Rosie looks at me expectantly, and I smile at her in return. She’s the prettiest baby in the world, and with her curly blonde hair, she reminds me so much of her mother. I hold her tight and wait for her to fall asleep in my arms again.
“Yes it was, it definitely was,” I reply.
“It certainly did to her.”
I hope you enjoyed this story - some feedback would be greatly appreciated :)
The man searches through his papers and after a while looks up at Sherlock apologetically.
“We’ve already done the standard tests; his brain indicates normal activity. Considering his traumatic injury and the brain surgery it’s completely normal for him to suffer from temporary amnesia. Your husband is most likely going to wake up tomorrow and you’ll laugh at his confusion together.”
Sherlock realises that John wants to hug him before leaving, so he quickly extends his hand in order for John to shake it, instead.
“Yeah. Well, it was laughter.”
Sherlock briefly explains about finding the suitcase and his subsequent text message to Jennifer’s missing phone.
“You can take a shower if you like,” he shouts towards the living room.
“Henry’s right,” Sherlock hears himself say.
And then he felt the whole of Sherlock’s body clench against him, the hot exhalation of his shout against John’s neck as he came, spurting into John’s hand.
“I’ve never seen you speak so passionately about... anything. It’s incredible.”
“Best not to jump to conclusions.” Sherlock’s eyes were scouring every inch of the deck. “That boat hasn’t made it to the water yet.”
The grip on Sherlock’s arm vanishes.
“Oh my god, John.” Sherlock broke the kiss, ducking his head to press his hot forehead in against John’s. “You…” His lips ghosted the curve of John’s cheek, his fingers tightening around John’s. John clenched his legs harder around Sherlock’s back, pressed his open mouth in against Sherlock’s jaw. “…Perfect.”
“How dare you?” Ferguson snarls, his hands scrabbling for purchase on the front of Sherlock’s chest.
“What is it?”
“May I…?” Sherlock licks his lips again, sees John’s eyes watch the progress of his tongue across his bottom lip. “May I kiss you?”
Luckily, the party is in full swing at this point, and those guests who are not dancing are clearly deep in their cups, talking loudly and laughing, so no one pays any attention to the slender young man in the dark green coat leading the officer towards the back of the room and the door to the officers’ quarters.
Sherlock ducked his head and kissed him as he pulled his hips back and then pushed forward. His tongue was warm and heavy in John’s mouth, his lips sticky from the champagne.
Several heads turn towards Colonel Jackson with concern.
He’s in an agony of nerves, not only due to his worry over Lieutenant Lestrade—who John assures him, has indeed been poisoned but thankfully not with a lethal dose, just enough with the intent of making him very, very ill—but also, due to the wealth of new information Sherlock has been treated to this evening about John Watson. The influx of new stimuli surrounding this remarkable man is almost more than Sherlock can tolerate.
“Remember the corpses, John! What was missing from each body?”
Sherlock looks up at John, stung by the repentant look on John’s face, overwhelmed by the realization that
Unless the captain changed his mind…
“You can’t tell me what to do. You’re just a
Sherlock is so stunned by this information he turns around again to look at John. Also, he likes the feeling of John’s gentle fingers correcting him.
The stern expression stays on Sherlock’s face. “That isn’t what I was thinking at all.”
“Much better,” he murmurs once he’s finished, stroking Sherlock’s calves, running his hands back up Sherlock’s thighs.
The volume of the sound is such that Sherlock cannot hear what John is saying from where he stands. He watches John approach the three musicians and fall into conversation with them. They all look happy enough to talk to John (who wouldn’t be? Sherlock thinks) and it’s only a minute or two before he sees that John and the enormous man with the strange instrument are both laughing, the bigger man clapping his hand on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock took the mug from John without looking at it, and drank half of it in one swallow before setting it down on the coffee table. At least when the food came in contact with Sherlock’s mouth, his body’s needs overruled his distracted brain.
means key—and those are what they call the pegs that slide under the strings to make the notes.”
John sighed in bored agreement, shifting in his seat, eyes following Sherlock’s agitated glance to the line of buildings hunched like shadowy figures on the street opposite.
John’s voice, Sherlock is impressed to note, holds not a trace of embarrassment.
This time Lestrade does not bother to conceal his shock.
This is going all wrong, Sherlock thinks, and once again, it’s his fault. He feels like he’s ruined this evening every step of the way; made it so difficult for John. He hunches his shoulders, crowding into himself, putting the walls back up.
He looks at it numbly; decides he can’t be bothered to get up to find something to bind it with.
Sherlock nods.
“As I said, I can’t imagine he would ever do that. But what’s perhaps more important than any of that…”
“Don’t worry about him, lad. He can look after himself.”
He tried pounding on the door, shouting Sherlock’s name, but the fire in the room was rising, and in this dream he could feel the heat of the flames, could feel his lungs filling up with smoke, seared by hot air, filling his mouth with the taste of metal.
But now that he’s looking, he cannot help but be amazed by the sheer quantity of items wedged between the cables.
Sherlock looks up at John, thinking that John has never been more beautiful than he is in this moment, his head tipped back in ecstasy, his body rising under Sherlock’s hands and as he thinks this, he feels John’s orgasm tear through him.
John’s feet fall immediately into the rhythm of the steps, and Sherlock cannot tell whether John has danced this dance before, or whether he is simply that intuitive with his body that he can pick it up from the music alone.
The other sailor, Sherlock sees with dawning horror, is Stevens.
ETA: If you'd like to hear a version of the song John sings at the end of the chapter ("Do Me Ama")- you can listen to a very warbly old man version
He knows that it would be too much—he needs preparation—and he knows that the bath is not the place to try this particular act for the first time since the water washes away all of the necessary lubrication.
He dreams it wakens him from sleep; that he rises from his bed to follow the sound of it up through the darkness and into the moonlight on the deck of the ship.
Unfortunately, stupid as he may be, Stevens is surprisingly quick despite his size, and it’s only a matter of two deft movements before Stevens is standing between Sherlock and the stairs, effectively blocking his path.
Sherlock’s whole body jolts with terror at the sound.
For a moment, John couldn’t see through his rage. He clenched his fist and felt Lestrade’s fingers tightening on his arm, but just then a nurse emerged through the swinging doors that led back to the surgery pushing someone in a wheelchair, someone with dark hair and a pale, bruised face.
He sinks to his knees in front of Sherlock, in order to guide the fabric the rest of the way down Sherlock’s legs, and Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut even tighter, his breathing going ragged at the sensation of John’s hands against the bare skin of his thighs.
Sherlock watches Lestrade’s eyes take in the whole of Molly’s strange new appearance, traveling from her pitch-smeared face all the way down to her buckled shoes.
John’s hands stroke soothingly over the tops of Sherlock’s thighs, calming him.
He doubles back and ducks just out of sight around the corner, listening hard.
Once she leaves Sherlock’s room a few minutes later, as cool and level-headed as though they’d just been discussing the results of the afternoon’s latest game of whist, he begins to wonder if he hasn’t in fact done a disservice to Molly by not putting her in charge of the next phase of the plan. She’s clearly got the head for it.
Sherlock’s fingers faltered only briefly when he caught sight of the bloody mark on John’s inner thigh. He felt the tremor in Sherlock’s hands before they started moving again, but thankfully he said nothing.
Sherlock sees the boy nodding from where he’s still splayed on the deck, blood running from his split lip.
“I did, sir.”
Sherlock can hear Ferguson rummaging in a trunk just on the other side of the wall. He takes a cautious step closer to see if he can get a better look at the contents of the papers.
He looks exhausted—more tired than Sherlock has ever seen him. All the lines seem to have re-emerged around his eyes and mouth, and deepened in the time since Sherlock saw him last.
“I want you to—to take me. The way—” he swallows hard, licking suddenly dry lips. “The way you told me about.”
“As I walked out one morning fair.”
“I’ve never…” Sherlock’s voice is shy, choked tight with anxiety. “I’ve never done any of this. With anyone.”
Sherlock looked back at him and grinned. Then before John had time to change his mind, Sherlock tore forward into the flames.
Sherlock looks up at him—his eyes fathomless. “I think I know why you broke it.”
He cannot distinguish one sense from the other—everything is bright, bright, blurring together: John's hot gasps against him, the feel of his hair under Sherlock’s lips, his fingers in Sherlock’s curls, the urgency of his breath.
“No, no, please don’t mistake my meaning. It isn’t because of anything you’ve done, it’s just—” John smiles that wry smile, shaking his head, and Sherlock watches as his eyes grow sad again. “I couldn’t believe you earlier, playing your violin. You looked… I’ve never seen you look like that. You were transcendent, unreachable, as though you would vanish into air if I tried to touch you.” John shakes his head again. “Sometimes I just… can’t believe you’re real.”
John’s heart was pounding in his throat. “Tailored specifically for us how?”
John shifted his legs so that they were on either side of Sherlock, his position mirroring Sherlock’s from the bathtub earlier. He bent his knees slightly and clenched his thighs in against Sherlock’s hips so that Sherlock was surrounded by him on all sides.
Sherlock, who had already made short work of the piece of coffee cake, reached around John to steal another pastry.
“Sherlock… no—”
Sherlock’s head was still bent over their fingers, the faint light from the street outside shining silver in his hair.
Sherlock can hear the rage in John’s voice, making it difficult for him to speak.
“Yes, I would actually. But I can see by the way you’re waving that gun in my face that you’re not planning on telling me anytime soon. Fortunately, I already know the answer.”
“Think of it, Sherlock.”
“You know you’re not supposed to be talkin’ to sailors.” Stevens says, his fist tightening alarmingly on the back of Sherlock’s neck. “So what are you doin’ down here, little rat?”
He watches John’s mouth fall open, head dropping back onto the pillow, his thighs splayed wide as Sherlock searches for the rhythm that will pull John apart.
Sometime in the night Sherlock wakes to the groan of the ship around him, his stomach rolling.
John let go of Sherlock’s wrist and made to take a step back but Sherlock’s hand shot out and grabbed him, his grip surprisingly strong.
He imagines what it would be like if he could stay down here as long as he liked, if he didn’t need to breathe the air—he could swim along the bottom of the ocean for miles, down into the cooler depths. Who knows what wonders, what treasures he would find?
He can hear John’s breathing growing unsteady beside him.
He crawls out of bed and makes a pot of coffee, which he drinks only after swallowing several pints of water, and feels somewhat back to normal by the time Mrs. Hudson comes upstairs to check on him. She’s gotten into a habit of checking on him more often these days. Her worry for John seems to be on a steady incline as the days pass and John’s grief shows no sign of lessening.
“Of course I do,” he says, and then he kisses John.
“How have you been?”
John leans closer, and his voice is a tendril of heat, curling itself around Sherlock’s heart. “I’m sure you and I can think of something.”
Sherlock wakes early the next morning to the thin grey light of dawn suffusing his cabin, the color of a bucket of dingy water tossed out after the washing up. He can hear the faint rushing of the surf against the hull, indicating that the ship has picked up speed since the day before, and is moving at a faster pace.
“Excuse me, Lieutenant?” Sherlock calls up to him, trying to keep his voice as low as possible so as not to attract attention.
John cleared his throat and tried again, in spite of the clear intent of Sherlock’s sigh. “Um, it’s just that, well… this is a bit awkward but…”
He tries to ask John what he wants, tries to reassure him that he will give John anything,
—if I don’t get it back where it belongs, then I really might end up dead.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “It’s better if I don’t write this part down. I’d rather you get the message to him right away. Besides. I trust you’ll remember it. Just tell him I’m perfectly fine, and I’m sorry for what I did. And whatever he does, tell him
“And how is it that young Holmes came to know about Mr. Watson’s particular capabilities?”
There’s something dark, and yearning in John’s voice. It makes Sherlock shiver again, and pull John closer to him by the grip on his jacket, until John is slotted neatly in between Sherlock’s angled hips.
Mycroft had mocked him for
“I’m sorry I drugged you and brought you on board a fishing boat full of smugglers,” Sherlock said breathlessly, kissing his way down John’s neck. “And that you fell overboard in a swoon after saving my life.”
John laughs, and Sherlock wishes he could tuck the sound away, keep it in some hidden place so that he could have it always.
Sherlock returns to his room, turning over the Colonel’s offer in his mind.
He stands at the prow of the ship and looks down into the water.
“Sherlock, I need you to lie back.”
“Do you want…?” Sherlock gestured awkwardly then dropped his hand. “That is, do you mind if I go back in?”
It feels as if they’re swimming through the dark, the light from the running water making waving patterns on the exposed beams overhead, the sound of rushing water all around them so insistent that if Sherlock were to close his eyes he could imagine that they’ve sunk beneath the sea, and now it’s just him and John on this ghostly underwater ship.
Sherlock can feel the tension in the crowd around him, simmering underneath the men’s silence like the surface of a pot of water that’s about to boil. It makes his own anxiety sharpen in his breast. Why would they send Dimmock to deliver the news instead of Lieutenant Lestrade?
Suddenly, he rose to go hunt through the drawer for the new chip he’d planned to have implanted in John next month. It was nowhere to be found. Sherlock straightened in awe. He’d been meant to find that shirt. Slowly, his lips	 parted in wonder. John… John had tricked him. Him, Sherlock Holmes! A smile spread across his lips, and it wasn’t a very nice smile, but it was a smile.
Not long ago, Sherlock had decided upon an experiment with flexibility. He’d tied John spread-eagled (always a favorite) but to John’s consternation, his ankle cuffs were not secured to the foot of the bed, but to long chains going up to the head of the bed, around the posts, and back down to the foot. So when Sherlock pulled the chains tight, John’s legs were spread far wider than usual. Sherlock wrapped the chains around the footboard corner posts, and then hooked the catch at the end of each chain to a link further up the chain. Such a simple set up. So easy to tighten; just pull the chain down, watch the leg be tugged further outward and upward, and hook the clasp on a higher link.
When he had forced himself to eat the toast (and to his surprise, it actually calmed him down a touch) John returned to bed. Sherlock stirred slightly as John crawled back between the covers. Then the taller man rolled over and pulled John to him sleepily. He put his lips to John’s ear and said in a low, gravely, sleep-roughened voice, “Whatever you’re planning to do, I advise you to think again.”
Oh, this was-- “Clever, John,” he actually breathed. And then his mind went into overdrive, playing out his options.
John inhaled through his nose, eyes still on Sherlock.
Sherlock was like a coldly amused statue, a figure arrested in mid-reaction, watching John. They were in their chairs. The fire flickered. It was a perfectly decent evening settling outside, and John had flicked on a lamp not 10 minutes ago, and sank into his chair, thinking that perhaps tonight would be “a good night.” That’s what a man in his position called it when his captor—partner (Sherlock would say) – seemed in a mild mood. Nothing on his phone had stirred him. Nothing untoward was happening in his world. No bizarre stories on the news. No restless urge stirring him to torment his pet, until… until apparently there was.
“But of course,” Sherlock assured him, reaching over him again to pump lube from the gallon dispenser onto his gloved hand, slicking it well up. “I’ve looked into it most carefully. You notice I didn’t allow you any fruit at dinner, either. Only foods that digest slowly, and don’t cause gas. Really, you’d think I damaged you permanently every time we play our little games.” Sherlock paused and looked down at John with the satisfied affection of a man in complete control of the situation. “I’m very mindful of your safety, John. As you once said, I don’t like to play with broken toys.”
“Close the bay doors and clear the area,” Sherlock directed, glancing around at the workers who were still gathered and gawping up at John. His eyes settled on one fellow, a slim youth with the smooth face of teenager, and large, dark eyes. “You,” he said, and gestured. The young man stepped forward unsuspectingly, his eyes going from Sherlock and his two thick-necked henchmen to his supervisor, who’d taken a deep breath.
“Man, ‘e been done!”
Then he was across the room and into his coat, texting his henchmen. Time to bring his lover back home.
Sherlock lifted his brows. The towel dangled loosely in his hands as his eyes flicked over his naked prisoner. “Well,” he said at last. “It seems you have a Safeword now.”
After that, he’d…  well, he wasn’t sure yet. John admitted to himself that he dared not plan too far ahead. For now, he would drink this damn coffee and wait till the diner closed. And hope. But not hope too much.
“We need to talk, John,” he called up. John looked around the warehouse slowly, almost absently, as if lost in some distant memory, or looking over ancient ruins. It gave Sherlock a very uneasy feeling. “I’m coming up, John,” he said, and went to the storage bins closest to the beam on which John was balanced.
“Just, wait a minute,” John insisted, and looked around for something long… a pole or something… something he could hold out that Sherlock could take hold of, and John could guide him or steady him as he crossed the last bit of the divide.
“Until I know you’re enjoying yourself, John, I hate to go any further,” He said with exaggerated politeness… while he tickled John’s hole until John was actually moving his hips as if trying to press himself onto those long, taunting fingers. John buried his face in the pillow, biting down harder on his lips. He wanted more, God yes, he wanted more. But he didn’t want as much as Sherlock was planning. His heart beat harder with fear at the very thought.
John stared down for a moment and felt the blood begin to travel to his nether regions. One of the more shameful truths he’d been forced to face in the last year was that the very sight of restraints made the mechanisms in his head shift to a lower gear.
John released a throaty whimper involuntarily, and Sherlock smirked in triumph. “Very well, then.” He pushed a slick finger inside and began working it vigorously. John groaned into the pillow, and Sherlock took it as an invitation to work his second finger in. There was an unaccustomed rhythm developing, John’s feverish mind noted. Sherlock was thrusting in with more force than usual, but withdrawing very slowly and carefully, almost letting the pressure of John’s body push his fingers out. But then, the re-entry was firm and aggressive.
Molly notices it too. She shifts her grip on the handle of her parasol, careful to keep her voice low as she looks around the deck.
Sherlock looked suspicious. He narrowed his eyes at John, calculating. It was incredible to see such a familiar expression on Sherlock’s face when he looked so thoroughly fucked. His hair was a mess. The bruises on his neck were dark against his pale skin. John wanted to kiss the frown from his mouth.
Sherlock knows John—given his way he will draw this out, honing Sherlock’s pleasure to the finest pitch—but Sherlock doesn’t want that now—or rather… it isn’t that he doesn’t want it, he simply cannot take it.
“Well, well, well. Look what we have here.”
A wound like that would never fully heal.
John’s hazy eyes look up at Sherlock, at first not understanding, and then Sherlock gives an unconscious twitch of hips and John’s hands reach up to settle on the swell of Sherlock’s buttocks.
“No reason in particular, I just… wondered.”
CW: Content warning for mention of the loss of a newborn child in the first third of the chapter.
John leans around Sherlock to reach for his bag where he left it on the other side of the doorway. He pulls it towards him and begins to dig through it.
It helps to have a plan; helps to take his mind off the waiting; off the unbearable prospect of imagining what may or may not happen tomorrow; the unbearable feeling that this opportunity might be snatched away from them yet again.
“Oye!”
He looked like a wild animal himself—his eyes ravaged, his face sunken, fury written into every line of his face.
“God, Sherlock—” Sherlock can’t see John’s expression in the dark but he can hear the plaintive note in his voice, the hint of something that sounds almost like shame. “That wasn’t—I’m sorry, I didn’t mean, I didn’t mean to let myself go like that—I never meant—”
Let them think he died of poor nourishment, from the miserable conditions on this worthless ship. His family deserves to suffer after how they’ve treated him; they should be filled with regret that they ever dared send him away.
John must read some of what Sherlock is feeling in his face because Sherlock watches John’s look soften further as he holds Sherlock’s gaze. John’s hand slides back into Sherlock’s curls, the gesture so full of feeling that Sherlock has to shut his eyes.
It’s just… it was easier to ignore the reality of their situation before he heard the truth directly from the captain’s mouth.
He can feel the tension in John’s body under his lips; can feel how the presence of his open mouth against John’s pounding pulse makes his breathing catch.
Lestrade stares at him with disbelieving fury.
John repeated the same movement, and heard Sherlock’s breath catch as he twisted his fingers slightly on the way up. He was amazed at Sherlock’s responsiveness. He’d never imagined Sherlock would be so sensitive—then again, he’d never imagined he would be standing in their living room with Sherlock’s cock in his hand either.
Sherlock tries to jerk his hips, to repeat the motion, but John holds him still as he bends to lick a trail up Sherlock’s neck, causing Sherlock to drop his head back and whine deep in the base of his throat.
Sherlock stares at John, shocked only for a moment by John’s language, before the hilarity of John’s choice of words in connection with this particular situation hits him.
As he struggles for a way to put any of this into words, another smile breaks out on John’s face, as though he cannot help himself.
He stares hard at the bright spot of John’s head in the darkness, willing him to look up so that he might catch Sherlock’s gaze.
Sherlock experiences another savage stab of guilt as it becomes clear what else he will have to reveal to John.
“Holmes, sir. Sherlock Holmes.”
The look in John’s eyes at the sound Sherlock makes is sinful—how someone’s
Sherlock curls his fingers around John’s; looks down at their entwined fingers.
John bumps his arm gently into Sherlock’s and Sherlock glances over at him to see the sly smile John is directing his way.
“Please,” Sherlock says as he struggles to reclaim his fingers. “Call me Sherlock.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say.
Despite the fact that it is night, the upper deck is strangely illuminated, its wooden surface polished smooth and gleaming, painted bone white in the light of the moon. The deck is cold under his bare feet, so cold it burns him. It feels like walking over ice, as if he’s walking on the surface of the moon itself.
asked John about his relationships, but he was relaxed and somewhat drunk and so happy to be out of it that he answered without hesitation.
His desire to taste John, to rub the crown of John’s cock against the sensitive skin of his lips—to lick at the moisture already gathering there—to worship him with his mouth—it’s like a physical ache inside him.
This John is a dangerous John—he is capable of anything. Sherlock can tell this from the look in his eyes, can tell from the wild energy coming off of him like a pulse, infectious, intoxicating. It makes Sherlock want to do mad things as well, like push John against the cannon at his back, and drag his trousers off his hips.
Sherlock seemed reluctant to let go of him, but he pulled back, sitting on his heels and studying John through heavy lashes. “Well?”
“It’s all right.” Sherlock’s voice was low and soothing. John was grateful for it. He reached out for it in his panic like a lifeline in the dark.  “You’re safe now. It’s all right.”
But here, too, Sherlock is disappointed.
White-lipped, Sherlock had tried to argue with him, but even exhausted and huddled in a hospital-issue blanket in the back of an ambulance, John Watson was fiercer than any of the adversaries Sherlock had tangled with.
John thinks of Sherlock kissing him. The rhythm of the weeds at his feet reminds him of Sherlock twined around him in the bath like some underwater creature. He thinks longingly of Sherlock’s fingers on his wrist from the dream, hands on his waist so light, it’s almost a caress. Maybe he and Sherlock can be lovers in the afterlife—in some deep circle of hell they’ll lie together, wrapped in flame.
“Stamford. Mike Stamford, we were at Bart’s together.” Oh. He looked different when we were at Bart’s. A bit… thinner maybe?
“John? Are you okay? It’s getting quite late and I was wondering whether you’d be home for dinner.” I feel a stab of guilt in my chest. I should be with her by now.
Frankly, the old Sherlock, the one pre-John, never had problems with that. He had his feelings locked up in his mind palace for longer than he can remember. After Redbeard, he had learned to build up walls and not make the mistake of loving again. Because love was a dangerous disadvantage, found on the losing side. Only after he met John had he realised that love was also worth the pain, the sacrifice. And that love, true, real and selfless love,
“Okay, so that’s where we’ll go now?”
“Monster? What monster?”
After half an hour, Sherlock has to face the inevitable because he’s quite late already and should leave soon if he doesn’t want John to get back to London before he has left the country. He sits down in front of the kitchen table with a blanc sheet and a pen, trying to come up with a beginning. Should he confess John how he feels? It must be pretty obvious at this point. Denying his feelings appears ludicrous when they were so clearly written all over his face the other night. He settles on the truth and, after what feels like an eternity, places the paper into an envelope that he leaves on John’s armchair.
“Stop! Stop, we can’t giggle, it’s a crime scene. Stop it,” John says but the smile is still wide across his face.
“John…”
“You solved it? Then tell me. We could go and find the boy now.” John says.
Packing up the most important things takes longer than Sherlock expected. He spends a full six minutes with the monocular telescope in hand, the only Christmas present from John he’ll ever have. Sentiment gains the upper hand and the telescope lands in his suitcase, right next to the RAMCC mug John deposited at Baker Street last June. He stretches out packing because he knows that the hardest part is yet to come – the letter. He decided to leave John a letter to let him know that he left voluntarily and in safety.
“Okay. Which of these cribs comes with all of that?” I try to sound casual.
Once she has left, Sherlock slams the living room door shut. Yes, it would definitely be easier to hate her.
John exhaled deeply, his mind swirling. If he thought about it, Sherlock’s words actually made sense. If they told Rosie that the wish could only be granted for a month, surely she’d understand. And a month of pretending to be married to Sherlock Holmes couldn’t be that bad, could it?
I have to giggle. I can see Sherlock’s smile even in the dimly light of the room.
He’s stopped by Sherlock’s right hand grabbing his wrist. “You should probably w– “ but Sherlock doesn’t get to finish whatever he was about to say.
“I hope you do. The poor lad…” John begins, but Sherlock is only half listening. Of course John wants him to solve the case as quickly as possible.
“You’re hungry,” Sherlock says. It’s not a question. I follow him through the doors and watch him order some take-away. He orders my favourite meal and for a second I wonder why he remembers, but then again, Sherlock can keep practically anything in his mind palace. From the order I can tell that he actually plans on eating something, too. That’s new and I feel content.
“Nothing,” John replied. He came over to the swing and stood still in front of Sherlock. He was taller this way, so Sherlock craned his neck to look up at him. John reached down and kissed Sherlock, only the lightest of touches.
“Oh, Mr. Holmes,” Irene replies. She leans into him even further. Are they holding hands?! “... if it was the end of the world, if this was the very last night, would you have dinner with me?”
“I say we did a bloody good job!”
Oh god, his wife!
“I’m so, so sorry, Mary. Finding out was an accident. I couldn’t get myself to tell you sooner because I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“A cricket? Are you crazy, Daddy?” Rosie squeaked. “Papa, what do you think?”
“I don’t bloody care! I was terrified, Sherlock. I was scared to death!” John feels the frustration of the last weeks, or maybe even the last year, stirring up inside him, adding fuel to his anger.
John follows the detective outside, the adrenaline once again rushing through his veins. The fight from earlier seems forgotten for the moment, but he can’t help wondering whether Sherlock didn’t notice John’s missing wedding band, or whether he ignored its absence on purpose.
This time it’s Sherlock who offers his hand. John hesitates half a second before taking it, unlike Sherlock did at Bart’s. He can once again feel the tingling in his fingers; the sensation of finally having found the place where his hands belong. Once he lets go, the feeling remains like an echo. He tries to study John’s features as best as he can – the smile on his lips, the blue eyes, the grey stubble and the creases on his forehead – and stores the image in his mind palace, before he turns around and leaves.
With the song ending and the music changing, John slowly started to move his body in the same rhythm as Rosie. Sherlock joined in and it wasn’t anywhere near as strange as John would have imagined. After a while, he felt light-headed and started to giggle. The endorphins were rushing through his body and he briefly wondered why they didn’t do this more often. Sherlock was smiling, too, and Rosie’s face was beaming with happiness.
“Well, that certainly seems to be true. How was your – holiday?”
Sherlock does as he’s told and fills the mugs with the tea John prepared. His eyes wander to the Christmas tree and he freezes upon seeing a wrapped up gift. This can’t be from Mrs. Hudson, or from Molly, or – he has to smirk at the very thought of it – from Mycroft. These people will only come around later for a (predictably boring) Christmas dinner that Sherlock would much rather exchange for a calm evening with John alone. So the present must be from John. And it must be for him.
“You do?”
“Can somebody shoot me please? This is unbearable!”
“You need to get up, John. I need nasal spray and my feet are swollen.”
Rosie giggled but she wasn’t that easily distracted.
“What about you, just staying in town? Are you getting yourself sorted?” That’s a bloody good question. I try not to think about that too much.
“It’s all fine. He’s fine, I promise. I’m just really tired right now.” Sherlock can’t think of a better excuse.
“I work here,” John says gesturing towards the building behind them. It really shouldn’t bother him that Sherlock doesn’t know where he works, but for some reason it does.
“It’s just, I don’t know...”
“Er, a white one, I guess? We’re having a girl.”
“God, Sherlock, it was awful,” John sighed, sinking down into his own chair. “Wait – how do you… never mind.”
“You are still married, right?”
“John, spend Christmas with your wife. I told you I’m fine!” The words come out harsher than Sherlock meant to. He takes off his scarf and throws it onto the black armchair.
He was pulled from this revelation with the sound of a door opening downstairs. Quickly, he put the ring back on and rushed downstairs. Sherlock and Rosie were sitting on the living room floor, both with ice-cream in hand. John’s heart missed a beat at the sight of Sherlock.
The waitress brings him his coffee before disappearing into one of the adjacent restaurant areas. The whole hotel is a building complex consisting of a large restaurant with several bars and two additional hotel buildings. There’s an underground floor connecting the restaurant area to the remaining buildings and to the spa area. From the spa area one has a marvelous view over the infamous mountain called ‘Sleeping Witch’, whose name is based on its shape that looks like a sleeping woman with a hooked nose.
“Because I’m simply not interested in her in that way. Never have been and never will.”
He still sees Mary at work four days a week, and her resentment and anger towards him definitely aren’t fading. He’s been trying to deal with their situation professionally but getting through the divorce with his dignity still intact wasn’t easy. In order to wrap it up as quickly as possible, they had to base their cause of separation on the fact that John left his wife for his person (in which case the reason for the divorce is outside of the parties’ control), causing him to be the bad guy. He got used to the condescending looks thrown his way at work pretty quickly, but he’s not sure he would’ve survived Sherlock’s absence and the divorce without Mike and Greg by his side. He can only begin to imagine how Sherlock must feel without anyone to comfort him, but then again it was his choice to leave in the first place.
“I was abroad, as I told you. I did some undercover work in Austria,” he replies, his voice firmer now.
They start giggling simultaneously. John, unwilling to keep a straight face, pushes aside the lacking memory of when he last laughed as much with Mary.
“Mind if I interrupt?”
“It’s okay, I’ll feed her. You can go home, Alana.”
“Daddy, Papa, you should hold hands,” Rosie said after a while. They were just crossing Blandford Street, John and Sherlock both holding one of Rosie’s hands.
“I could try to take your mind off it.”
Slow down
“No.”
“That’s good, that means we can choose whichever one you like best and get the according bedding. The crib mattress should fit snugly into the crib with no more than two fingers between the edges. It should be firm, and you definitely need a mattress pad or a waterproof cover.”
Sherlock gives John what he hopes is an encouraging look.
Sherlock didn’t even notice the waitress appearing at his table. She’s a young woman wearing a so-called
“Where are you working?” she asks.
Getting the focus off him is a welcoming opportunity. But it’s not the only reason for Sherlock’s implied question. Curiosity is always involved when it comes to John Watson.
“But I want  – “
“Sherlock Holmes does not get tipsy,” Sherlock replies matter-of-factly. He takes the empty glass from John and brings it back into the kitchen.
“I’m not leaving you. Besides, there’s not enough time to get away, and if we don’t do this other people will die!”
“Why? Are you feeling exposed?”
The last fourteen days, he’s been trying to figure out where to go next. He didn’t feel like contacting Mycroft right after solving the case to ask him to be sent to another mission. He hasn’t been in touch with his brother for six months, and he can’t say that he’s been missing the condescending voice. He could stay at the hotel for a bit longer to take some time off, but the boredom has already started to creep back into his life. If he wants to distract himself from London and its inhabitants, he needs to get hold off a case sooner than later.
“Oh, okay, that’s nice,” she replies. I can tell that she doesn’t know what day it is, or at least not its significance to me. “You should come by more often. You never know who you might bump into,” she adds.
“We need to leave! Call a cab,” I demand. He gets up at once, tipping over a candle while doing so, and we jog outside.
There’s a pause during which John waits for the meaning of her words to sink in. He waits for a burning feeling of jealousy that never comes. All he feels is anger.
John slowly awakes from his stare. Sherlock, his best friend, his person and the love of his life, is here in the flesh. After all the sleepless nights, his only wish finally came true.
“Is that it?” I ask quickly before he can leave.
“Mary?” I whisper. Having done this at Sherlock’s grave before makes talking to a tombstone a lot easier.
“O- okay. Well, obviously I got married last week, and my wife disappeared after the reception. Her name is Hatty Geller, er, Hatty Simon. We had the most amazing wedding, in this nice little church with our closest family and friends. She never would’ve run off voluntarily, we love each other! She was a bit grumpy after the ceremony but I blame that on her mother’s behaviour. We arrived at the reception and were waiting for the food when Hatty told me she needed to use the bathroom… and that’s it. That’s the last time I saw her. Please, Mr. Holmes, you have to believe me, she would never do this to me! I think somebody might have kidnapped her, or worse. I don’t know what to do, she…” He stops and bursts into tears.
“John, I’m sorry. I made a huge mistake that night in Dartmoor. I had no right to… but I – like I said, I lost all control. I hope you’ll forgive me one day.”
John is quiet and, after a couple of minutes, falls asleep. Sherlock, on the other hand, lies awake, trying to witness the most of this experience. He tucks his feet in slightly, until the point where his right leg touches John’s foot. He rests it there, enjoying the warm touch. After a while, he bends over to carefully look at the face next to him. A small glimmer of moonlight shines through the window, allowing Sherlock to see John’s face. John smiles in his sleep, looking content and as beautiful as ever. Sherlock thinks about touching his cheek, but doesn’t want to wake John and so turns back around after another long while.
“Oh Sherlock!”
“No. I think he’s doing a posthumous game. It’s far less tedious.”
“You really want to watch Bake Off?” John wonders.
“It’s fine. Hopefully I’ll remember it as well,” John interrupts. He gives Sherlock an encouraging grin and for a second Sherlock thinks he might be back – really back – but John resumes his questions about their lives.
to kiss; not with someone he’d been tricked into kissing by a toddler.
John doesn’t know what to do, so he just stands next to the bed awkwardly, watching Sherlock eat his soup. Maybe he should just leave.
“Of course I do. Why?”
I take a small step back. Talking to him, or at least his gravestone, actually made me feel better. I smile down at the grave one last time before leaving.
Rushing out the door, John checks his watch again. He’s already late for Paddington station, where he’s supposed to meet Sherlock. Mary isn’t home from work, yet, so John decides to text her from the train.
“I know, but I won’t see him again. I don’t even want to.”
At first, I don’t know how to respond. I haven’t been on a date in ages. If I’m being honest, I wasn’t really interested in dating when I lived with Sherlock, and then I was just too sad and depressed to even consider going out. It somehow feels like cheating, agreeing with her now. But would Sherlock really mind? He was never interested in such things, at least not with me, anyway. And it’s not like he’s coming back anytime soon. Life only moves forward, I learned that the hard way. I know I have to move on, and maybe this is the first step in the right direction.
“Don’t take my actions to justify yours, John, that’s not your style. You cheated on me long before I laid eyes on this man!” Mary shouts at him.
“John, I will explain this later. I need to look inside the inn’s kitchen first, and see who is having a meeting there.”
“Yeah, I know. But it’s different today, isn’t it?”
John swallows, because all of a sudden his mouth is too dry and Sherlock’s mouth is too close yet not close enough, and then he crosses the remaining distance between them and crushes their lips together. After a short pause of hesitance, John finds himself pressed against the stone wall by Sherlock’s lean body, kissing him back intensely; and John’s mind goes blank. The kiss is passionate and urgent, and John craves for more. They part their mouths and deepen the kiss simultaneously, their lips and tongues moving against each other in perfect rhythm. All thoughts leave John’s mind except for the shattering clarity that this is where he truly belongs. It’s unlike anything he has ever experienced. The sensation of Sherlock’s mouth against his makes him feel as if all his life he saw the world in black and white, and only now realises the screaming colours. He never would’ve thought that a kiss could connect him to another person so completely, so irretrievably.
“Oh, right. Sorry.”
“Wait a second, I remember you being quite tipsy as well!”
“He’s been working with North Korea since 1996,” the DI adds.
At work, the new nurse engages me into a conversation. Her name is Mary, she started working at the clinic this year and I’ve only talked to her a couple of times. I think I could like her. She seems nice, and her blonde hair and genuine smile add to her beauty.
We leave Baker Street in search for a cab. It started raining, this winter really has been a crappy one. There wasn’t even snow at Christmas, not that I would’ve noticed. Sherlock waves a hand and, as usual, a cab magically appears and stops in front of us. He must have the kind of radiance that allures to taxi drivers.
John’s fingers close on the hem of Sherlock’s shirt and he tilts his mouth in against Sherlock’s in question, in a frustrating not-quite-kiss.
Meanwhile, the pace of the ship does not falter. They seem to be making their way to Rio at breakneck speed, at least, as far as the Galatea is concerned.
“Come here,” John says, stepping up against Sherlock, settling his fingers over Sherlock’s fingers where he’s still struggling to pull apart the fabric at his neck. “I’d like to do the honors, if that’s alright with you.”
“Rio’s a big place. We wouldn’t have any trouble finding somewhere to spend the night, if that’s what you’re asking,” John says, teasing smile still in his voice as he turns towards Sherlock. Sherlock can see his eyes gleaming in the candlelight. “Besides, I know some folks in Rio… it’d be no trouble finding us a private room, maybe even someplace with a proper bed…”
The pain in Sherlock’s voice—even after all these years, John could hear the raw edge of it beneath the words.
He tries to hand the handkerchief back to Sherlock, but Sherlock shakes his head. “You keep it. I have plenty more.”
Sherlock takes the pipe and nods.
, Sherlock has had to make due with the thin light from the candles in his dim cabin.
“John,” Sherlock pushes his hand down between their bodies, traces the length of John’s cock through his trousers, feels John shudder in response and then go utterly still. He pulls at the fastenings with fumbling, inexpert fingers; he has to use both hands to push the material down John’s hips. Sherlock puts his mouth to John’s ear, pitches his voice as velvet deep as it will go. “Just tell me what you want me to do. I’m yours.”
Sherlock slipped the shirt off his arms and let it drop to the floor behind him, but then he leaned back down over John, taking his face between his hands.
Who danced so well?
John still looks doubtful. He leaves his fingers on Sherlock’s jaw.
from the cracked compartment window.
Sherlock’s reply is out of his mouth before John has even finished asking the question.
“Enjoy yourself, my beauty.”
…if only he could talk to John.
He’s panting around the words now, his hips finding a steady rhythm, and Sherlock relaxes the muscles of his throat, tilting his head back to give John easier access as he thrusts, delighting in the clench of John’s buttocks under his fingers, the little hitch in his breathing as Sherlock takes him slightly deeper, feeling the head of John’s cock hit the back of his throat.
Every step he takes away from John feels like a betrayal. He cannot leave John to Anderson’s sadistic devices; he can’t, but the look in John’s eyes brooked no room for argument.
Deverall shrugs, feigning carelessness and Sherlock suddenly sees that it’s a ruse; it’s a front Deverall puts on, his constant posture of casual nonchalance carefully put in place to cover something else up.
He shifts until he is completely sitting up, his rapt attention focused on John.
Sherlock is so overcome he can’t think what John is asking him. “W-what?”
Thinking of the captain now, it occurs to Sherlock that he hasn’t given any thought to the matter of Lestrade’s poisoning in the last twenty-four hours. He’s been so distracted by thoughts of John that he hasn’t had a thought to spare for the sinister goings on aboard the ship. He feels a small flicker of guilt at this realization.
“What do you need?” He kept his mouth on Sherlock’s as he asked the question, feeling Sherlock’s hand trembling where it still held his hip. “Anything. I’ll do anything you want.”
Sherlock focuses all of his energy on getting well. He is desperate to regain his strength so that he can leave the tedious confines of his cabin and spend time once again with John up on deck.
The toothless sailor who initially handed Sherlock his ale leans over to him. “It’s an Irish drum. It’s called a Bodhrán. Our Fionn’s quite clever with it, wouldn’t you agree?”
There is something too much like sorrow in John’s voice and Sherlock suddenly cannot bear the sound of it. Reaching up, he covers John’s hands with his own to reassure him that he is real, that this is not a dream.
Sherlock is still holding John’s wrist in his other hand. John’s pulse is a pleasant flutter against his fingers. For the hundredth time that night he thinks how remarkable it is that he gets to see John like this, so soft and open, that Sherlock gets to have him, so strong, so warm, and his to touch.
“I am.”
John dug his heels into Sherlock’s back; his head tipping back against the mattress.
He was just opposite the double doors where he and Sherlock had come in, and he had to stop and shove his gun in his pocket in order to send Sherlock a text. He noted absently that the doors to the ballroom were closed.
John’s hand slipped on the banister. He fell hard to one knee, letting out a shout of rage, hands coming up on either side of his head to push the memory away.
Sherlock experiences a brief flash of real annoyance at the idiotic tenets which dictate the behavior of young women.
How many times has John taken him so carefully in his hands and brought Sherlock the most intense pleasure? How many times has he given himself over to Sherlock so selflessly, so completely?
Sherlock gave a low moan in response to this and John smiled against his ear. “Will you do that for me?”
“I don’t think I will until you tell us what you was doin’ skulkin’ back there like a filthy rat.”
His heart is pounding so loudly he’s certain the sound will give him away.
John tucked his chin against the top of Sherlock’s head, and felt Sherlock’s curls tickling his throat. His breath was coming hard. He was struggling to calm down and failing.
The word tore through John, threatened to pull him from his moorings. He covered his mouth with his hands so Sherlock couldn’t hear the ragged tempo of his breathing. He couldn’t listen, couldn’t afford to picture Sherlock standing with his head inclined toward the door, standing so close that his forehead touched the wood, listening for some sign from him, any sign that he was alright.
Sherlock watches John lick his lips, his eyes heavy-lidded with want.
The endearment slipped out again, but this time John didn’t care. It felt right, with Sherlock trembling beneath his palms, his swollen cock twitching against his stomach, his lovely pale-white thighs spread wide against the sheets like an invitation just for John.
Sherlock thinks again of what John must have looked like crouched beside his bed, dipping rag after rag into cold water, wringing them out over him in his desperation to bring Sherlock’s fever down, trying to force water between his dry lips.
Sherlock nodded, distracted.
John was shaking his head. This wasn’t real. Couldn’t be real.
John slides in next to Sherlock, reaching down to pull the sheets up around them both, and Sherlock is so overcome with delight at the prospect that John is going to stay and sleep with him that it takes him several moments to realize John is speaking.
“For Mary?”
“Get below!” Lestrade snaps, snatching the hat from Dimmock’s hands. “Both of you!”
John felt a shudder go through him.
Try as he might, he cannot fully wake. The walls of his cabin twist and bend, sometimes bleeding away altogether, and Sherlock looks out over the ocean, crystal blue and deep, stretching on and on forever until sky and sea become one entity.
John went over to stand behind him, tried to think of something to say and failed, so he stood quietly as Sherlock straightened up, his face whiter than ever, his lips pursed so tightly they were almost invisible.
He was trying for Sherlock. He was making a valiant effort to describe what he was experiencing but words were beyond him at this point, slipping away in his mind like water through cupped palms. He could scarcely remember that he had a brain that was capable of forming words.
Sherlock didn’t knock. He simply hovered outside, knowing John would hear the familiar creak of the floorboards.
John chose that moment to lick directly over Sherlock’s hole, pushing in slightly as he did, delighting in the give of the tight ring of muscle to his tongue.
Sherlock rubs his lips against the exposed head of John’s cock, savoring the feeling of it, before parting his lips to lick slowly and indulgently over the slit, pulling an incoherent sound from John.
He lets his mouth glide down as far as it will go, moaning as he feels John’s hands sink into his curls.
John chuckled against him and then pushed at Sherlock’s nipple with his tongue, feeling it harden immediately under the pressure. He heard Sherlock gasp and was simultaneously shocked and delighted to discover that Sherlock clearly had an intense response to being touched there.
officer Miss Hooper is counting on, don’t we?”
"Why not?"
Despite the guitar owner’s renewed protests, John has lifted the guitar strap from around his neck and pressed the instrument with gentle finality into the other man’s hands.
That it can feel so good still fills Sherlock with amazement—why, why is it that having John’s mouth against his mouth can make everything right with the world, can fill him with so much feeling that he wants to cry out as though he is in pain?
The ocean is relatively calm today, has been relatively calm since they left port, but still, Sherlock reflects, as he leans over the starboard rail and looks down at the foaming roar of water against the ship’s hull, the ease of the voyage so far is an impressive feat.
“No.” Sherlock yawns massively. “Too busy helping Molly…”
He was fucking Sherlock with his fingers, Sherlock grinding his hips down to meet every stroke. The knowledge of this almost made John lose it himself.
“God,
The day is warm. John has removed his double-breasted jacket, rolled his linen shirt up to the elbows. Sherlock’s eyes flicker appreciatively over the cords of muscle that stand out in John’s forearms as he puts up his fists.
It feels so unbelievably good to be free of the clinging heat of his filthy shirt, his constricting breeches, his strangling cravat. He wasn’t aware of just how miserable the clothes were making him feel until he is free of them.
He leans in and kisses Sherlock back, sliding a warm hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock wraps the fingers of his left hand around the base of John’s cock, slowly, reverently, letting two fingers drift down to touch the hot skin underneath, gathered tight against John’s body, the intimacy of touching someone there (Sherlock can feel the soft hair covering the delicate skin, the intense heat of him) causes Sherlock to gasp aloud.
Once, the first time he came, Lestrade brought up Sherlock, his tone surprisingly gentle. “He wouldn’t want this for you, John. He’d want you to meet people, make new friends, move on with your life.”
Sherlock chuckled softly as the doors slid shut.
“Coming!”
is a link to the song!
“Oh, could I? You’re sure it wouldn’t be an imposition?”
With great reluctance, John broke the kiss, his hands grasping at Sherlock’s shoulders.
John tugged his bowler back down over his eyes with a scowl.
He thinks, ‘You’re the light. It’s you.’
Before he can get the words out, John’s whole body arches off the bed, hips pressing up into Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock pulls off just in time, as the first wave of come spurts fast and hot out of John’s cock, splattering against Sherlock’s lips.
“Surely, it’s a simple enough question to answer.”
He licks dry lips. “Hello.” His voice sounds frail to his own ears.
Sherlock realizes—too late—that performing this particular act on John while requiring him to remain standing throughout was a supremely
“And how could you possibly claim they don’t know each other? What proof do you have of that?”
He deems the endeavor at least partially successful, and feels better once he has stripped off his filthy shirt and banished it to a far corner of the room where its offensive odor is only mildly detectable.
Now that he is no longer standing in the shadows Sherlock can finally see John’s face and what he sees there makes his heart constrict in his breast.
In the distance, Sherlock can hear someone calling John’s name.
John nodded, his throat too tight to let him speak.
to him that I’m not coming back.”
Meanwhile, there is no sign of the captain at all.
Sherlock does a quick inventory of who on deck can see them where they stand and is relieved to find that they are hidden from view of the quarterdeck.
anywhere at the moment is laughable.
“No. No, John.” Sherlock’s hand was tightening again in John’s jumper. His voice was fierce. “There’s nothing wrong with you.”
“You should. And when you use it, you should think of me, and of all the different ways we’re going to use it together in the future.”
He feels drunk with pleasure, giddy with elation and the buoyant shimmering feeling of the ocean all around them, the sun in his eyes, the feeling of John’s chest rising and falling against his own, the rhythm of John’s heartbeat pounding harder the more of him Sherlock touches.
“I don’t think I would feel invincible,” Sherlock had said with awe in his voice.
John moved to kiss him again, but Sherlock stopped him with one hand on his chest, his eyes sparking with barely concealed pleasure. “Curry, John, remember?”
The way he holds himself so carefully upright somehow only exaggerates the force of the weariness pulling at him. Sherlock can see the weight of his exhaustion in every line of his body, dragging him down against his every effort.
His hands come up to hold John’s waist, thumbs smoothing over the ripples of John’s ribs, amazed at how strong and fragile John’s body can feel beneath his hands—how alive and powerful, and yet how delicate.
But this time Anderson calls him out.
Several uncomfortable minutes passed in silence and John lay in the dark, listening to the sound of his heartbeat thudding in his own ears, wide-awake.
The section of Moriarty’s message that is in italics is a quotation from Robert Samber and J. E. Mansion’s 1922 translation of Charles Perrault's
When John’s chest swells beneath his hand and he leans over, coughing up seawater, Sherlock allows himself a moment to look into his face and John’s blue eyes spark with feeling as he catches sight of Sherlock.
John combed his fingers gently against Sherlock’s scalp and felt the rhythm of Sherlock’s breathing change against him, the rapid heat of his breath warm against the skin over John’s hip bones. He loved having his hair touched. John filed this information away for future use.
John reached down to drag his trousers back on. “Indeed, I am. It’s one of your least-lauded faculties. I should compliment you on it more often.”
John shakes his head. “No—just keep—going slowly… like that—just like that.”
He feels soft fingers settling beneath his chin, pulling his gaze up.
“Anderson! We need you up on the quarterdeck—where are you?”
“I don’t know exactly. Previous captains I’ve served under might put me in irons for a few days, probably give me a few lashes…” The way John says this, so casually, as if it were nothing to him makes the horror of it infinitely worse. “But when it comes to Roberts, it’s anyone’s guess. He didn’t give us new Regulations when he took command of the ship. You know what he’s like—he seems to do whatever he pleases depending on his mood. For all we know, it could be a hanging offense in his eyes.”
“I regret putting you in this position. Us military men have to stick together. I would have complete respect for you, if not for the company you keep. Or should I say kept?”
Sherlock reached down and pulled his duvet up over John’s shoulders. “You stay here. I’ll go get you some clothes.”
“Don’t move or I’ll shoot!”
He feels dizzy from the darkness and the heat, and the fact that he just came twice in the space of half an hour. When he moves to take a step toward John, Sherlock finds his legs are also not working properly yet, and he stumbles.
As confident as John may have looked straddling the anchor and hanging one-handed off the side of the ship, Sherlock feels his breath come easier again once John’s feet are both firmly back on deck.
How can it be that my hands so briefly
Sherlock’s worry is gone in an instant, washed away by the feeling of John’s warm naked body against his own, John’s bare arm hard around his shoulders.
“But I mean it. In all seriousness. If you ever need anything like that again… well, you know.” John ducked his head, suddenly self-conscious. “You already know, don’t you?”
John didn’t go up to the roof that day. He wasn’t able to do much of anything other than hold the splintered pieces of himself together. He didn’t have the peace of mind to think of details, the details that now, looking back, he realizes don’t make any kind of sense.
“Please, Sherlock…”
“How is it all right? I
He and Lestrade stood sweating nearby.
“No!” He sits up, breathing hard, and Sherlock takes hold of his shoulders. John pushes him off. “No, you’re dead.”
Sherlock thinks back on John’s modest berth under the forecastle, the one canvas bag that contains all of his worldly possessions tucked away under his hammock. How much does John make working on a merchant ship? More than he did when he was in the navy, of that much Sherlock is certain, but it can’t be much.
“I’m fine,” he says, more quickly than he means to.
Sherlock watches, fascinated as a bead of liquid pulses out of the flushed tip of John’s cock. He reaches out with the hand that’s not inside John and rubs his finger through the moisture.
“Tell me what it feels like,” John says, something commanding in his voice as he lifts his mouth up for a kiss. Sherlock takes it, breathing messily into John’s mouth as their lips slide together.
He cannot help but let his eyes slide down John’s muscular back, still shining with water, to the curves of John’s buttocks beneath the clinging linen of his trousers, each powerful flex of the muscle as he steps—his gait as strong, as graceful as a dancer’s—fanning the flames of Sherlock’s desire until it is an inferno of need.
“Let’s take a break.”
“How long ago was that? That John was injured on the
It is a good time for a furtive conversation. While John’s half of the ship may have returned to work, the members of the starboard watch are enjoying their two hours of leisure up by the foremast, the pitch of their merriment noticeably more boisterous in the wake of the good news.
He moans into John’s mouth, pushing his hips up in answer to meet the rhythm that John has established, feeling the pleasure that’s rising within him begin to reach its ascent.
Sherlock does not hear what Deverall says to him in response, but he can hear the tone of Deverall’s voice, measured yet insistent.
of the gentlemen on board this ship retain their manners! Come along, Molly.”
He could hear Sherlock’s breathing, fast and unsteady, and he wondered how Sherlock was resisting the urge to touch himself, had resisted the urge all this time. He glanced down between Sherlock’s legs and saw the head of his cock swollen and straining against his stomach.
To say that the room was luxurious would be an understatement.
“I’m sure they’ve kept you busy.”
Sherlock returns the nod, trying to convey his gratitude in his gaze. “I appreciate it.”
John shifted slightly closer to Sherlock, in anticipation of the inevitable outburst.
“Obviously this fall won’t kill you—the drowning will finish you off—but it’s fitting, isn’t it, that you’ll have a fall just like Holmes?”
“No.”
Well. There are few places on a ship at this time of night where a passenger might be if he is not in his rooms.
John felt as though his heart was breaking, but that couldn’t be right. He’d never known what people meant when they said they thought they’d die of happiness, but now he did. Somehow his joy and sorrow were all mixed up together. He couldn’t contain all the feeling in his chest. It seemed to be streaming out of his eyes.
He’s up and out of bed before he has a chance to think, almost upending the chair at his desk in his haste to reach the door.
I sincerely apologize for the cliff-hanger. I am ambitiously aiming to post the next chapter in a week, which is much more likely now that I have completed all my own final work, and just have to survive a few more days of grading.
All of a sudden, his worry over John feels completely selfish.
Something in Sherlock’s chest tightens painfully at the realization that if John’s men are this desperate to help—if they are willing to take this big of a risk on his behalf—John’s misery must be profound indeed if he is failing this badly to hide it.
Sherlock is tempted to intercept Lestrade as he makes his way over to Deverall but judging by the look on the man’s face, now is not the moment.
He’s walking back the way he came, still just out of John’s sight, the precision of his footsteps deliberate; each magnified click of his shoes against the floor is like a blow to the back of John’s head.
He kicks hard, propelling himself forward, and swimming up towards the surface again in an elegant arch.
John’s fingers clench hard in Sherlock’s curls; his body bending almost double over Sherlock’s hand, the muscles in his arse tensing, sending a thrill through Sherlock, and then warmth is spilling over Sherlock’s fingers in two hot spurts, and suddenly, Sherlock is filled with the desire to taste John again—now, when he can—who knows how long it will be again?—and he’s diving down to wrap his lips around the head of John’s cock, one finger still inside him, in the hopes that there is more to come…
“You must admit there’s a nice symmetry in that, a certain… poetic justice.”
Sherlock stares fixedly at John’s face—avoiding everything below his waist with the self-restraint of the most pious holy sister.
“John—”
“You—” John’s words were interrupted by a harsh gasp as Sherlock’s fingers slid back up to the tip of his cock, twisting lightly, exerting the perfect amount of stimulation.
There’s a scuffled thumping sound and then Sherlock hears Deverall’s furious voice in reply.
Sherlock gasps with pleasure, hands going slack in John’s shirt as John thrusts back against him, his open mouth traveling hot and wet down the length of Sherlock’s bared neck, pausing to suck hard on the side of Sherlock’s throat—so hard that Sherlock feels John’s teeth bite the sensitive skin.
Everything about this moment felt slow and heavy—the warmth of the fire on John’s body, Sherlock’s head thrown back, his long neck coated in golden light, the slide of Sherlock’s fingers as they stroked down over himself the loveliest sight John had ever seen.
Mr. Ferguson is noticeably absent, which in itself may be of interest, but Sherlock is not sure how to proceed with this information, other than going and lurking conspicuously outside of the other man’s rooms to see if he is within them.
They are so numerous, each so delightful in turn that Sherlock finds it’s only been minutes since John left and already he’s fully hard again, a deep ache in the center of his belly as he thinks about everything that passed between them.
“And it wasn’t just then,” he rushes on before his embarrassment can consume him completely. “I saw him watching you when you were hauling things up from below—the look on his face—like he could eat you alive. I
“Oh,” Mike says, smiling as kindly as ever. “There’d be hell to pay, no doubt!”
“It sounds to me like you’re giving me cheek.”
It smells differently from the oranges Sherlock has eaten—more lemony, but there is also an unmistakable scent of vanilla.
“Now tell me… what’s been happening since our last appointment?"
There is a slightly awkward pause and Sherlock immediately regrets his decision, considers going back on it, when Miss Hooper says, “I’ve been meaning to thank you for… that night, for coming back to tell me that Lieutenant Lestrade was alright. I was in an agony not knowing. But it would have been worse having to go the whole night with no word. You didn’t have to do that. That was kind of you.”
He dreams that Billy comes to bring him the news, wringing his cap between his hands, his face running with tears. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Holmes. I tried to stop him but I couldn’t—I couldn’t. There was nothing I could do.”
Molly Hooper sits across from him and weeps.
In response to the look John is giving him, Sherlock feels breathless all over again. He drops his eyes, flustered. “It’s lucky that I noticed.”
John steps forward in the darkness, takes Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock feels the older woman’s gaze sharpen. “Any reason for this sudden interest in cards, Mr. …?”
John was so curious as to the source of Sherlock’s good mood that he made it halfway down the stairs to the bathroom before he remembered his dream from the night before.
“I'm sorry you have to spend your... your free hour in my squalid...” Sherlock stops to catch his breath again as John's mouth begins to press slow, open-mouthed kisses to the skin stretched under his ribs. “In my squalid cabin,” Sherlock gasps.
piece of deductive reasoning, but I think it’s time you went home and let the grownups get back to work.”
The tentative hope that blooms in Sherlock’s chest in the wake of this thought feels like a living thing inside him.
If the party was a cover for some goings on of the captain’s design, then perhaps the reason for Lestrade’s poisoning was simply that the captain desired that his first lieutenant be kept out of the way. Perhaps he was concerned that the party would not be a great enough distraction.
Dimmock is speaking again; Sherlock refocuses his attention.
He wants to reach out and touch John, offer him comfort, but it was his words after all that made John react this way, so he stays where he is, frozen with fear, watching the trembling line of John’s mouth grow smaller with every passing moment.
John’s torso is already completely dry, but Sherlock can feel the sheen of salt the ocean has left on his skin and he’s abruptly reminded of the day he came upon John sleeping behind the cannons on the foredeck. John had gone for a swim that afternoon and Sherlock remembers the glow of his skin, the way the salt had stiffened the golden peaks of his hair, and how badly Sherlock had wanted to kiss him everywhere on his bare and sun-warmed body.
Sherlock’s breath when he spoke was hot on John’s cheek. “I’ve never wanted anything as much as I’ve wanted you.”
John’s hands slide lower until he’s gripping Sherlock by the arse.
He can see Molly’s blush from all the way across the tavern.
John stares at him in the half-light from the porthole, his body gone utterly still.
He looks at the paper in his hand and is not sure entirely how to proceed.
“Did it ever occur to you that you’re not the only one who gets a say in this? I want you and I know you want me so I don’t see—”
Luck is with him once again as he makes his way back to Molly’s rooms. The few people he sees pay him no attention and Molly answers the door almost immediately after hearing his knock. The small glass vial is passed between them with success, and then Sherlock is headed once again back down into the heart of the ship to execute the next phase of his plan.
He fell forward on his hands and knees, his palms slipping in something slick, the smell of blood suddenly much stronger. It took a second for the two pieces of information to click together in John’s brain.
, she seemed to be saying,
He flexes his hips experimentally and with the pang of soreness comes a whole host of memories: his thighs clamping tightly around John’s waist as Sherlock rocked into him; Sherlock’s back arched and stomach muscles clenched as he thrust up into John’s fist; Sherlock crouched over John on the bed, his own thighs spreading wide against the mattress.
“John—”
Sherlock kisses him back in desperation, whimpering against John’s mouth. He’s certain that his fingers have left bruises on John’s arms where he’s clutching them; he loosens his grip as soon as he becomes aware.
“Yes, all things considered.” John didn’t realize how tightly he was holding onto the back of the chair until Sherlock’s eyes slid over his hands. He let go.
John was halfway out the door when he heard Sherlock call after him. “How did it go?”
An innocent New Year’s Eve party at the station, that’s what it was supposed to be; a boring New Year’s Eve party at the station. Terrible pop music on the stereo, drinking cheap champagne out of plastic cups, Lestrade urging them all to put on the silly paper hats. What could have gone wrong?
“Sherlock? You must tell me.”
John sits back to watch him, and it takes all of Sherlock’s concentration not to turn and simply look at John sitting on his haunches, the casual elegance of his strong body in repose—one arm resting on the top of his thigh, the muscles in his upper arm so prominent even when relaxed.
John bit down softly on Sherlock’s lips in response and then leaned back to take another piece of ice. He took hold of Sherlock’s hand and turned it palm up, before pressing his mouth to the skin on the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. He heard Sherlock sigh at the cool pressure from his mouth and he licked the length of Sherlock’s forearm, his tongue tracing the blue of Sherlock’s veins.
“So I was.” John leans forward to recapture Sherlock’s mouth. “But I should have known we would never make it to the water once you started undressing.”
Sherlock can see the struggle on the boy’s face as he fights to keep his composure, and he knows that worse than the threat of the impending strokes—however painful they might be—is the humiliation of the whole spectacle, the indignity of it: forced to bend, bare-arsed, over the cold iron of the cannon for everyone to witness.
So tentative—the hope in that one word as fragile as the membrane of a newly hatched egg.
“You’re welcome to tell me whatever you like about yourself, however dark or unpleasant or shameful you think it may be, even if you think it will convince me to drop you and run for the hills at the first chance I get, but
Not only is it hot and wet and velvety soft, but John’s tongue, oh god John’s tongue is licking the skin around the head, and Sherlock knows in that moment, that this act will be the death of him because there is no way that he can survive this.
Deverall takes a seat beside Hopkins, who—Sherlock is irritated to see—straightens up conspicuously at Deverall’s arrival, a smug expression tugging at the corners of his mouth, as if by sitting beside him Deverall has blessed him with a special purpose.
buttons, working them apart. Even through two layers of fabric the feel of John’s fingers against his belly makes him feel light-headed, shivery with want.
“Obviously, I haven’t yet. But sometimes… on days like today… I wonder—I wonder if it’s worth it.”
The part where Sherlock climbed off the bed with a muttered apology and acknowledged that it was better if they ended things here and now. It would be better for both of them.
John would later blame over-exposure to smoke as the cause of his utter lack of quick thinking as he blundered in the door, not stopping until he was almost on top of Briggs, not reacting fast enough to dodge Briggs’ blow to the side of his head—a blow so powerful it knocked both the guns from his hands.
The captain looks at Sherlock with a small, ill-fitting smile on his lips; an expression on his face of exaggerated mock puzzlement. “I’m curious then, as to why you think your opinion on this matter has any relevance whatsoever.”
He looked up at Sherlock with fire in his eyes. “Maybe I got hard because you were
Sherlock slid a hand back up to the base of his skull, fingers soft in John’s hair as John explored his mouth.
The new swarm of activity on deck means there is very little space to stand, and pressing an apologetic hand to Sherlock’s arm, Molly turns to make her way towards the stairs that lead below.
There’s a note of something almost like pain in John’s voice—something desperate, on the verge of breaking. “You don’t know what you’re asking for.”
Moriarty nuzzled his nose against John’s cheek, reaching a hand down between his legs.
John heard the front door opening and listened to the sounds of the forensics team packing up, the low murmur of Sergeant Donovan’s voice in the doorway indicating that she and Andersen were watching the scene unfold from a distance.
The sea witch offers him a choice—give up his voice for the chance to walk on two legs, make John fall in love with him. Sherlock agrees.
Sherlock pulled John’s legs back around him and John locked them there around Sherlock’s waist. He reached up and closed his arms around Sherlock’s neck, arching his hips, urging Sherlock forward. “Fuck me, Sherlock.” He heard his own voice break, didn’t care how needy he sounded. “Please.”
“God, Sherlock I’m so angry.”
John is as beautiful as Sherlock has ever seen him in this moment, his cock still hot in Sherlock’s hands, his head thrown back, mouth open, the trembling arc of his body pressed up close against Sherlock, every inch of bare skin glowing in the light of the candles.
—might not be real.
He should feel better; he should feel reassured—having gotten such an unexpected piece of John cast down to him on the wind.
Sherlock’s face stilled and then rearranged itself into a cold, ruthless expression. “Tell them it was self-defense.”
think about Sherlock while wanking again. Might as well take a break from wanking in general until he could get his thoughts back under control.
Sherlock is about to agree with her, but at that moment, as if on cue, comes the raised voice of the captain from the deck beneath them.
Within an instant his whole demeanor has changed, has gone from the casual stance of a man who’s sharing a joke with his friends to that of a soldier alerted to the presence of enemy fire. His muscles are tensed, poised for action, fingers flexing at his sides.
He ground his teeth together in a futile effort to deny the sensation through sheer force of will and when he realized that he couldn’t stop it, he came, sobbing, into Sherlock’s hand.
He knows he is acting foolishly, but he cannot help himself.
“I have an idea,” he said, and vanished briefly into the shadows on the other side of the room.
He followed Sherlock down the vast marble staircase, past the walls of mirrors throwing his own strangely elegant reflection back at him, one hand trailing the banister, down, down through the glittering lights to the enormous marble bathroom on the ground floor, all gilded mirrors and palms in gold pots.
—give himself over to his body’s need for more; more friction, more stimulation, more of Sherlock’s warm, wet, worshipping mouth.
rather than just sit around pining for John, that he hadn’t taken a moment to consider whether the plan was actually worth executing.
As he leaves his cabin and makes his way to the upper deck, his heart pounding slightly faster than usual in his chest, he knows that he may have to wait to put his plan in action depending on a number of factors that he has no control over; but Sherlock’s mind is made up, if he has to wait, he will, for as long as it takes.
The boy takes another nervous sip of wine, casting his eyes downward.
John tastes like fear and sorrow—Sherlock can feel his lips trembling between kisses, his palms still curled, unmoving against Sherlock’s chest—but he can also feel the tension in John’s jawline that has yet to unlock, and there is a desperation to his movements that makes Sherlock aware of a long-simmering rage that has yet to find an outlet.
Sherlock has seen him before although he doesn’t remember his name—he is second in command on the ship. He’s a younger man, but well weathered from his time in the wars, his hair gone prematurely grey. He has kind eyes, like John.
“Go back to sleep, lad.” There is still kindness in Burns’ voice but Sherlock knows a warning when he hears one. “You shouldn’t be here.”
“And of course, the infamous
John waits for the dizziness to pass, his whole body trembling, whether from fatigue or adrenaline he isn’t sure. He goes over to the window and checks the latches. They are all locked, sealed from the inside. No matter. Something about the drama of coming in through the window seems like it would appeal to Sherlock, but he could have just as easily strolled in through the front door.
He finds his fingers moving, as they always do these days, to the locket lying warm against his throat. He rubs his fingers over the letters, missing John so badly he finds himself wishing in a fit of reckless rage that he could cut his heart out of his chest rather than have to be subjected to this constant tide of misery.
He’s younger than Sherlock, and although he’s something of a novice, he’s cleverer than most of the other midshipman, outshining them in almost every capacity. For this reason, he’s something of a favorite of Lieutenant Deverall’s. Sherlock knows he’s also one of the midshipmen who is particularly vocal about pointing out Anderson’s shortcomings. His bored gaze slides over Sherlock and he straightens up at Sherlock’s approach, tucking the knife away out of sight.
John nodded, a swell of pride flushing his cheeks. He knelt down as they reached the steps to 221b, gingerly placing the bags on the stoop before fishing for his keys.
“Look, I know you’re in a way right now, but Mr Holmes said I could answer any questions you had before you went on inside.” Timothy’s voice was casual, normal, neither seeking nor demanding a response. John was grateful for it.
“Sir?” Agent Waverley’s voice rang out from behind the small gathering. He was in the back, close to the entrance and lowering his own mobile, face grave.“I was just briefed on the situation. We have been called back to the office to assist.”
knew she was alive and never said a single word to either of them. “You can’t be serious...Harlan is
John took some time to consider this, and it was almost like taking either bottle would truly make this all real. It brought this situation into painful clarity, and he’d never go back to the man he was. But, he knew that already, didn’t he? Everything that had happened, everything he and Sherlock had done since that fateful day, intimate or otherwise, it was always going to end like this, with them forever changed, separated.
Maybe, if Sherlock had been with him, he could have processed the news, but right now...he just...
“Want to explain, Little Lisa Lovely?” He asked.
Sherlock didn’t answer but instead muttered something uncomplimentary about Mycroft having the same taste in country houses as evil human trafficking masterminds.
“Wha? Are you
Acts 1 & 2 were done so with a typical 5 Act structure, the story could be resolved in three chapters but the author was foreseeing splitting it into at least 5 to 9 additional chapters i.e.,
John had a feeling that tonight was going to be rather a bad night. He could just tell. You couldn’t be the captive of a psychopath and not tell. You might be sitting in a cozy flat in an enviable neighborhood. There might be a fire in the fireplace. There might be streetlights coming on outside the windows, and the windows might be dressed with perfectly respectable curtains. Indeed, your whole flat might have a very civilized air, with its mildly eccentric Victorian wallpaper, and the shelves lined with books, and the worktop littered with teacups, and there are pillows on the sofa, and there’s a rug on the floor, and there are framed photos on the mantelpiece over the fire, and any innocent visitor would never think—
John sat for a moment longer, waiting for Sherlock to make a move or issue a directive, but the man simply sat in his chair, dressed in black, his white shirt unbuttoned at the throat.
He eased the drawer closed and went to the closet, slipping the microchip into the wallet in his jacket pocket. Then he went to the loo and fetched a razor blade, and a large band-aid, and secreted that into his jacket pocket as well. Finally, he returned to the fridge. He had an almost superstitious fear that Sherlock was lying awake, listening to his every move. If he went and rummaged around in the kitchen at 3am, apparently looking for something to eat, he’d better by God find something to eat.
John’s stomach did a mild dip. Not roller coaster level alarm, not yet. More a “lift going down quickly” sort of drop. Then the urge to grab the bull by the horns came over him, as it so often did. Probably one of the attributes that most delighted Sherlock was how reliably John decided that if punishment was coming, he’d rather be hanged for a lion as for a lamb.
John gaped at him from his chair. Sherlock rose, eyebrows lifted challengingly. “Best get dressed, John. The clock is already running.” With that, he swept by John to enter the loo.
John couldn’t think of an immediate reply, and didn’t try. There was a certain resolve growing in him, that perhaps he did indeed have the courage to take his ending into his own hands. He didn’t want to. He could imagine a future for himself, one without Sherlock. But if it wasn’t an option…
When he woke, of course, Sherlock was already up and in the kitchen, sipping tea and staring intently at his laptop.
Sherlock stared at him for another beat, and then returned his eyes to his laptop. “If you want to go to the store, go to the store,” he said finally, apparently reading something rather fascinating on the screen. “By the way, since you’re a doctor, perhaps you can tell me exactly how long a man can go without oxygen before brain damage sets in.”
Now, Sherlock slid the cock ring off. “Beg,” he recommended, eyes alight, his mouth hovering over John’s erection.
“Don’t,” John said seriously. He couldn’t have said why he was reacting this way. He should hope the bastard fell. But all he could feel was the terror of seeing the man who had been his whole world for nearly a year—whether he’d wanted it that way or no—dangling his beauty, his intellect, his style, his grace, his witty evil terrifying self over a yawning abyss that would swallow him up in a second.
“I believe struggling cuts the time,” Sherlock suggested, his tone thoughtful.
“Did you clean yourself out, John?” Sherlock asked finally. He’d laid out the enema bag wordlessly on the counter of the bathroom sink at about 3pm, knowing exactly when John would enter the bathroom and see the silent command.
“Wait outside,” Sherlock said, and disconnected. Then he slipped the mobile back into his pocket.
“NO.” Snapped John. “You aren’t a gentleman and I don’t feel very agreeable. You grab the Goddamned pole and you—what the fuck, Sherlock, really? Why the hell can’t you just—“ John seemed to run out of bluster, although clearly more wanted to bubble up.
John silently slid his hands into the cuffs, and watched despairingly as Sherlock’s nimble fingers tightened them to fit his wrists, and fastened the buckles firmly. Now his hands were up by his face, and he could have buried his face in those hands if he wanted to, but he was more intent upon watching Sherlock. The other man leaned over him to reach the bedside table on the far side, and with his (unfairly) long, well-shaped arm, pulled open the drawer, and plucked out a single latex glove.
Sherlock’s stomach did some strange shift inside him, and suddenly it was oddly difficult to breath. He lowered the gun and with a jerk of his head, communicated to henchman number one that Hassim was free to go. The boy skittered out of sight to some unseen exit, hair practically on end. Sherlock placed the gun on the floor. Then he turned back to John, hands up in supplication. “He’s free, John.”
It had been a long time since John had attempted an escape. Might just be time to try it again.
But there was no point in consulting his “if” list. Sherlock tended to accelerate. Like a cancer, he seemed to need new material to devour, and having broken John enough to ensure compliance, the man was now apparently hungry for willing participation. John couldn’t provide that without fundamentally changing his mindset and… essentially losing who he was.
Perhaps, Sherlock mused… perhaps if John returned of his own accord, he should reward him with pleasure and forgiveness. It wouldn’t be at all what the man was expecting. Perhaps it would break down that last barrier John kept up, night and day, grimly, doggedly, through all the months of their intimacy… Sherlock took a moment to research studies on the efficacy of unexpected reward on prisoners, captives, slaves, and other detainees. Yes. Might do.
He was tempted to give John a few days of freedom just as a reward for having been … almost worthy, as an opponent. Really, if he had not added the razor and band-aid wrapper for Sherlock to find, who knew how long Sherlock would have puzzled over it. It was overkill, and now Sherlock was rather embarrassed that it took him 20 hours to realize: the razor and wrapper were pure theatre, meant to make it absolutely clear that the chip had been cut out—he interrupted himself. Pure theatre. The Open Air Theatre was where—
