Sherlock shuts his eyes and tries to empty his mind of the past few hours, and tries to not linger on his panic attack. He hadn't had a panic attack like that in years. He would have small anxiety attacks in which he froze for a few minutes and had an internal fire drill, but he hasn't had the full blown, hyperventilating-crying-gasping-heart-racing-the-world-is-going-to-end ones. Bottling up his emotions have done wonders for him in the sense of less public freakouts, but he can't pretend that it's healthy and that he's just being "stoic".
proud of you, love," John says softly, pressing a kiss to the other man's neck. "You are so much better than you were 6 months ago. Seeing you heal and grow does wonders for me. You're trying, and it shows. I couldn't ever be happier about anything else."
"Yeah?" John looks up from where he was putting away the scale, concern emerging from his gorgeous eyes.
Sherlock glares at John, but picks up his fork and spears a pineapple chunk, bringing it towards his mouth and chewing slowly.
"Where'd you get that idea?" John asks, angling his body to face Sherlock's, his hand resting on his knee. John felt Sherlock repress a slight shudder, and he pulls his hand back quickly.
"Whatever you say, love," John says, still looking so gorgeous in that shade of happy. "We can watch a documentary on cats. For educational purposes, of course."
John smiles lovingly at his boyfriend, and brushes his thumb across his cheekbones again. "Well, however awful it was, I'm glad that it led here eventually. Even with all this...mess...that we've been in, I still wouldn't trade it for the world. You are my world, in fact."
"I could work with that," John murmurs, happy to see that his boyfriend's ribs were less visible, and traced his hip bones, sending a shudder through Sherlock.
As his vision focused, he made out John and Mycroft crouching beside him, attacking him with a barrage of questions.
Sherlock gets up and plods to the bedroom, throwing off his coat and kicking off his shoes before collapsing on the bed fully-clothed. After a few minutes, John comes and joins him, settling next to him and spooning him, his arm thrown over the detective's waist. Sherlock is more or less asleep at this point, but he still snuggles close to is boyfriend anyway. John closes his eyes, and listens to him breathe. As long as he was breathing, everything would be okay.
"No. Absolutely not." John had stated the first time he asked (around a week ago), adamant and unmoving. "You need to focus on recovering, not solving someone else's problems."
"I never said anything about easy. And I wouldn't go that far either. It's going to be the most difficult thing you've ever done in your life, but I know how it feels. Would you believe I spent years on the receiving end of a therapy session, even in my adult years?" Frank says, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees.
Sherlock casually snakes his arm back to his side, clutching his sleeve cuffs. "Yeah, you'd better...wouldn't want to get you fired..."
"Now, I think we actually need to do something today, but afterwards we can do whatever you want." John says, changing the subject and smiling.
He's always loved how John feels. He feels strong, solid, steady. Like you could hold onto him in a hurricane and come out unscathed. Sherlock has always felt rather fragile, as if the wrong word could snap him in half. He hated feeling like that, weak and frail. He has always tried to masquerade as strong and unshakable, but in reality, deep down, he knows he is not anything like John. But, as long as he had him, maybe he can stay in one piece after all is said and done.
to feel in control of the situation helped a lot. John's mind turns to concentration on the recipe, and he banishes all worry from his mind.
John has to admit, showering with someone is much better than showering alone, even if there was no sex or anything suggestive happening.
"When do you bloody think, Sherlock? What could possibly move me to do this?" John says, sitting up and pulling his shirt down, balling the fabric up in his fists.
A pair of pointed ears are visible, followed by a small, black head with almost comically large emerald eyes and whiskers much too long for a creature of its size.
"I did mention it, actually, but I left out the details. They don't need to know everything." John responds. Sherlock nods, feeling rather ambivalent. People have accused him being queer, but he never really sat down and tried to find a label for his orientation, so it was a nonissue for him. Still. It's just one more thing to be picked at for.
John just smiles again. "Sherlock, I'm just laughing because even after all this, after all the hell we've been through in the past six months, you're still the most stupid, stubborn git I've ever met in my entire godforsaken life. It's just funny at this point. Sure, it used to hurt, but now I know that
John laughs, shaking his head, "Yeah, I think you're right. I don't think I could ever leave Baker Street even if I wanted to."
"Oh, Sherlock," John mumbles into his shoulder. "You've always made me proud. I could never be disappointed in you."
"I was in the hospital when you tried to kill yourself. I know all about it. I just never said anything because it wasn't my place. But I can't just let you keep destroying yourself. Do you know what would happen if you died and left John? You know what happened when you left the first time. Do you really think he could survive a second time? He tried to kill himself too, you know. A few weeks after you jumped."
He didn't realize he had said this aloud, but he's almost glad he did. There was some small part of him that enjoyed this. It made him feel safe and loved, in a way. It let him know that someone cared, that someone would be there to love and pick up the pieces he shattered himself into. He would never say this, of course, but deep down, that's how he looked at this. Not as an invasion of privacy, not as a punishment, but as an act of love. It was a rather strange way of looking at it, but Sherlock chose to think this way.
They were in the flat now, watching a film, and he is holding Cluedo a bit too tightly, his fingers stroking through her fur a little obsessively, but the sweet thing didn't seem to mind.
Although he had never outright killed anything, Sherlock identified somewhat with the teenager. When he was younger, he would go out and dissect roadkill in his neighborhood, and take home bones and teeth and such to examine later. Everyone called him a freak, but he couldn't help his insatiable curiosity of what happened after death. He would never know what his own bones and skin and organs would look like when he was gone, so he studied other things after they died. Knowing that he would one day end up like this, all rotted and decayed, didn't exactly comfort him, but at least he knew what he would end up as.
"You're alright now, love," John says gently, spreading his hand flat against  the detective's scapula, moving closer and rubbing his hand over the admittedly less apparent bones in Sherlock's back. He sidles closer, drawing his boyfriend in for a hug. Sherlock clutches at him desperately, suddenly feeling like the only thing he can do right now is hold that military doctor as tight as he can before the world comes apart. Silent sobs shake his body, and John just holds him, rocking him through the final moments of his panic attack. Sherlock pulls back eventually, and kisses John for all he's worth. Tears find their way into his mouth, and the salt pricks at his tongue as he keeps their lips pressed together in a desperate kiss.
John's voice rings through the flat, a sound that Sherlock has come to love. They were supposed to go out to eat, the transparency of John's intentions irritating the detective. He had found a packet in John's desk that had information about dealing with eating disorders, and one of the tips was to go out on a fun trip that involved food, but did not revolve around it.
The office was a friendly, warm place. Low lighting from several lamps, pictures of Frank's kids and dogs, comfortable armchairs and a couch, all designed to be non-threatening and welcoming.
"That was a dirty trick, John. Don't ever do that again." Sherlock mutters, glaring at his boyfriend.
was the broken one, and John is the infallible protector with no faults. He knew, logically, that John must have some insecurities and doubts, but he largely doesn't think about it. He wanted to say something along the lines of "I'm more fucked up than you so you can't possibly understand how I feel", but he knew that wasn't true. He was, admittedly, more fucked up than John, but he knew that that didn't mean that John didn't have the right to feel badly about himself at times.
Growing up fairly well-off meant that Christmas could always be afforded, and Sherlock and his siblings always received what they wanted (within reason--he remembers one year being horribly disappointed in not receiving the same type of live dragon he read about in one of his fantasy novels), and it had been largely a positive event in his life.
The case was over as suddenly as it began. It was rather simple, but it took Sherlock a little longer than usual due to him being out of the game for so long. Turns out there was some sick teenager in the neighborhood stealing pets, then mutilating and killing them. The little boy's cat was just lucky enough to escape. The teen's excuse was just that he "wanted to see what happened." He was taken away in cuffs.
He feels himself being laid in the bed, his dressing gown being pulled off and cast aside, as John sinks into bed with him, spooning him and holding him closely.
"So what if you have, Sherly? That's a good thing, you know." John says exasperatedly, pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration.
"Well, that's the end of our hour. Please, just think about it, okay? You need to decide if you want to heal and be with John enough to make some major changes. Have a nice night, Sherlock, I'll see you next week."
The detective feels numb, depressed, and hopeless, but the weight of John's arms grounded him. He didn't sleep at all that night, but John never let go of him, and that was enough for him.
Sherlock is then accosted by Mycroft, and is kept busy with him for about half an hour before he had to go again. He was on his way to visit their parents, and Sherlock declined visiting once again. His brother had been near begging him to go, as he hadn't seen them in over a year, but Sherlock doesn't want to worry them, as they know nothing of the recent goings-on. Sherlock was grateful that Mycroft kept his privacy to such a degree, if nothing else.
Sherlock had been trying to identify each new emotion that presented itself to him, and he was doing a pretty bang up job at it too, if he says so himself. Granted,
"I'm glad you came when you did, don't get me wrong, but it still kills me to see you doing this." John says quietly.
"You keep interrupting me. Where was I? Oh, your hair. It's lovely. Not quite as lovely as your eyes, I must say. They look blue, but after closer inspection they're a myriad of colors. Green, grey, blue, with just a tad of some golden brown tucked away in there."
Then they bundle into bed, each wearing the others sweatpants; John's riding high on Sherlock's long legs, Sherlock's tangling around John's feet.
"Hello John! I know I'm a bit early; I overestimated traffic a smidge and ended up getting here a few minutes ahead of schedule." she says, stepping across the threshold.
Sherlock returns his gaze to the food. It's Christmas, and he's supposed to be having a good time. Surely he could stomach a few extra calories tonight.
Sherlock feels himself slowly slipping into sleep, and he feels a slight pang of guilt for trapping John on the couch, but he allows his senses to drop off until he was in that wonderful twilight between sleep and wakefulness. Nothing could hurt him as long as he felt like this.
"Thank you. Let's go," Sherlock says, taking John's hand and turning to leave. So far, no one had said anything about him and John's obvious relationship, but it was becoming apparent that everyone had known and called it before John and he even considered it a possibility.
The argument plays over and over in Sherlock's head, his eyes screwing shut as he tried to block out the voices bouncing around in his head.
Molly returns, and it's as if nothing happened. She stays within eyeshot of him, but doesn't smother him.
"I mean what I said," the therapist says simply, "if you continue to act in a way that makes you seem like a patient or victim of his care, then that's what will happen. If you don't give him reason to worry, he won't. If you stop purging, he'll let you go to the bathroom by yourself. If you stop cutting, you can have your shaving razor back,"
"Come here, you stupid git," John laughs, stretching up and pulling Sherlock down to his level, kissing the man gently.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says eventually. He felt stupid and shameful and self-loathing. Can't he just go
"I don't know all the words, just the first few lines of the chorus, but I did like it. Reminded me of you."
Sherlock closes his eyes and sighs. He feels tears pressing at the back of his eyes and a lump rising in his throat. But he stands anyway, wiping the majority of the blood away with some toilet paper and tossing it into the toilet, flushing it. He shakes the sleeves of his long-sleeved T-shirt down before opening the bathroom door miserably. He doesn't look up at John, keeping his eyes on the floor.
Moving felt like breaking his bones out of a concrete mold, but he managed to reach his drawer in the bathroom vanity, and pull out his shaving razor.
Sherlock supposed he knew what Nirvana meant by "I miss the comfort of being sad". He had been so sad for so long, he had forgotten what it felt like to not be sad, to not want to tear his skin open and and shoot up with drugs. When he wasn't sad, he was...empty.
Sherlock is silent, quietly mulling over this. He was never one to care what others thought of him (except John, of course), but it seemed as if allowing himself to feel again brought all sorts of unwanted emotions to the surface, and he's beginning to think he liked it better when he was numb.
They had gone to ride the London Eye, which Sherlock had never been on. They managed to get a car all to themselves, and let's just say John had no doubt that Sherlock loved him.
"Alright, I'll stop then," John says gently. "I hope you know, though, that I wouldn't say anything that I didn't believe to be true."
"I'm really proud of you, love," John whispers in his ear after they had settled down onto the couch. "Even if today didn't give you the results you wanted, you kept at it, and you kept it together. That's progress."
The kitten stumbles into the room in the vague direction of the detective, who lifts his feet up onto the bed on instinct. A little silly, he realizes.
John laughs quietly to himself, almost in disbelief. "Fancy that: Sherlock Holmes the hopeless romantic."
"Good, then. See? We make things work," John says with a smile. "I would bend over backwards and tie myself into a knot to make you feel loved. And if I have to give up sex with another person, so be it."
John seems to notice, and grabs Sherlock's hand tightly, smoothing his thumb across his scarred knuckles. The touch is welcome, and the detective feels some of the anxiety assuage.
"Oh, yes, actually. The turkey isn't quite ready, so help yourself until it is," he replies, gesturing at the table with plates of finger food on it.
They had put up the tree the day after Thanksgiving, and done their Christmas shopping the next Monday. Decorations and outside lights came in the first week or so of December, and presents from friends and neighbors started accumulating under the heavily-adorned tree a week and a half ago.
It's John, kneeling on the ground, cradling Sherlock's body on the pavement. He realizes he can't see because his vision is clouded with blood, dripping from his fringe into his eyes. He tries to raise his hand to wipe it out of his face, but he finds himself frozen on the spot, only able to breathe and blink.
Imagine going from a clever, mysterious, entirely over-competent detective to a depressed, queer, broken kind of man. He knew he was always like that, but he had never let it show. Now his facade is broken, and he has to decide whether to start constructing it again, or finally bare himself to the world. The latter option was not looking so good for him.
John rushes to catch up with him, but stays a few feet behind him and to his left to give him some space. It reminds him of how the security guards at the hospitals flanked him when escorting him down the halls, and it makes him even angrier, tears now freely spilling from his eyes and onto his cheeks. He grits his teeth, holds his breath, and clenches his fists, trying to keep the impending panic attack at bay, at least until they can get out of sight. His chest starts to hitch and his throat constricts as his breath comes in gasps, and he knows he's out of time.
John turns over onto his side so he faces his boyfriend. Even in the dark, Sherlock is dazzled by the beauty of his soldier.
So, if he can't take care of himself, why is he angry that John is trying to do it for him, or at least assisting him in that?
John's head lifts to look his boyfriend in the eyes. "Don't apologize, love. I know you're feeling just as badly, if not more so, than I am right now. We're doing this together, remember? I will never ask you to apologize for relapsing. Never. Recovery is a staircase, not an uphill slope. You'll fall down a few steps along the way, but you'll get up and move past it. Relapsing is not falling all the way down the hill every time."
"Sherl, mate, maybe if you weren't so sarcastic you'd have more friends," John mutters, a smile betraying him.
"Okay Sherl." John says with a smile, laying back down and pulling a blanket over them, John grunting in discomfort on the tiny couch.
"No, it really is rather funny," John says, trying to keep himself from laughing again. "You're quite possibly the smartest man I know, and I'm good at getting a read on people, generally, but the fact that both of us were completely unaware that the other was in love with him is genuinely laughable, you have to admit that."
"I have, of course, but not like this," John comments, reaching out and twirling one of his boyfriend's ebony curls around his fingers. "There's something...I dunno,
Looking at that bird, all he could see were calories. 200 calories in one serving of turkey breast, over 1,000 calories in one leg, and that was assuming he could stop eating after that. His fists clench, and while John is carving the turkey, he steals away into the bathroom.
He doesn't even know why he's still doing it. He's not particularly anguished at the moment, and his heart was still buzzing in his chest as a result of the slow kiss they had shared after breakfast, the taste of John's black coffee still on his tastebuds.
"No, we haven't," Lestrade says, thankfully speaking to and looking at Sherlock as he normally would. "We were waiting for you. We--well,
"So, John..." Sherlock begins, pausing to clear his throat. "About that case...I thought it might do me some good to get out of the flat a bit. Solve something."
The lights were low, curtains drawn, and Sherlock's head was resting in his lap, with Cluedo nestled between them, and for once, all felt right with the world.
Sherlock enjoyed Christmas, even though he knew it was just consumerism thinly veiled by religious fanaticism, and he enjoyed how much John enjoyed it as well.
Molly is cut off by another knock, and the conversation is halted by the rest of the guests entering the room.
"I don't know what you want me to say, John. It hurt me too, okay? How do you think it felt to watch you fall apart? How do you think it felt that there was
"What's on your face, Sherlock?" he asks, pushing Sherlock's hair out of his face. The detective flinches back out of reflex, but allows it after a moment.
"I don't want them to be gentle," Sherlock says frustratedly. "I want to be treated the same way. I know they were never kind to me, but I don't care. I'm just tired of being abnormal. A freak."
Lately, it's been all nightmares, no sleep. His body seems to be recovering, and his mind appears to be healing, but at night, all the monsters in the closet come out and devour his sanity.
The last bit was said with a smile, Sherlock knew Cluedo had wormed her way into his heart all on her own. John laughs softly, his hands finding their way to Sherlock's head, stroking the side of his neck in a way that made his skin turn into gooseflesh.
John frowns, and then unexpectedly shoots his arm out and grabs Sherlock's forearm and squeezes hard, earning a grunt of pain from the detective.
"God, Sherlock, I wish you had come to me sooner." John says wistfully, gently tugging on the needle, pulling his flesh back together.
Hey guys! Just letting y'all know, this is the last chapter I'll be able to put out for a bit, I'm moving across the country for college and I don't know how long I'll be offline. Enjoy this chapter, I'll be back when I'm settled! Thank you for staying with me this long!
The detective propped himself up onto his elbow, staring hard at John. "I don't think it's stupid. I felt the same. Like if I didn't do something you would leave me. Everyone else had, and that's why it was so horrid not saying anything, I felt like I had everything right in front of me, but I was too bloody terrified of actually
"No one...no one has ever...said that to me...before...ever" Sherlock gasps, forcing words out between voice cracks and sharp inhales. "I've never...I've never made anyone...never made anyone proud before."
"Um, I'm not sure," John says, pulling the meat thermometer from the bird. "It just needs to keep cooking. You were a real help earlier today with the hors d'oeuvres while I was with the turkey, but all there's left to do is wait, I suppose. Everything else is done, the table set and the string lights on, yeah?"
John laughs a little, his smile crinkling the corners of his hazel eyes in a way that made Sherlock want to kiss them.
John begins to putter about the kitchen, turning the coffee maker on and opening the blinds before stopping to think hard about what he would make. Cooking for Sherlock was always hit or miss, and it felt like a losing battle at times. Serving him healthy, low-calorie food seemed to go over best with the detective, but there's only so much energy and needed weight a fruit salad can give to a person. Breakfast is usually the easiest. Coffee and toast, or a bagel. It wasn't much, but Sherlock tends to feel ill if he eats too much in the morning, and it sets a bad pace for the rest of the day. John remembers serving him a full English breakfast once, and Sherlock had spent the morning crouched over the toilet, unwillingly getting sick. The rest of the day he refused solids, and John was ready to tear his hair out in frustration by the time night fell.
John's smile remains on his face, and he shakes his head in amusement. "Of course we can watch a documentary. What on? I'm sure you already know everything. Except that the Earth goes round the sun, but other than that, of course."
Mycroft sighed. "John. I stopped monitoring him a while back. I thought that now that he was with you, things would get better. Obviously I'm wrong, but that doesn't change the fact that I have no earthly clue where he went."
Presently, he feels John carefully extract himself from behind him, keeping a hand on his back to keep him from falling into the spot John vacated. Then, to his surprise, he feels John pick him up delicately and easily, bringing him back to the bedroom.
"Yes, I'm sure! I don't know where he is, but he's not here." Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose with irritation and guilt. How could he not know where is own brother was?
Finally, the computer starts up. John opens a new window and clicks on the History tab; he needed the pages he was looking at yesterday.
When they walk into the room, a hushed silence falls and all eyes are on him. Sherlock shifts his weight uncomfortably, suddenly aware that he looks much different (read: fatter from full meals and with stubble caused by not being allowed to use a straight razor) and most likely appearing anxious and unsure: two things he had never allowed himself to be until recently.
The cab ride home is silent, but not in a bad way. Awkward silences were unheard of at this point in their relationship, and sometimes it was nice to not have to say anything. The cab pulls up to 221B, and the pair tiredly walks into the flat, up the stairs, and the detective collapses on the couch. Cluedo jumps up onto the couch to meet him, and curls up next to him.
Sherlock makes an offended noise, a smile betraying him as he focuses once again on Cluedo. It didn't feel horrible, having John describe him like this. He's not sure what expected; he knew John wouldn't say anything cruel about him. He wouldn't say anything untrue, either, which is what he guesses made him a little nervous about the request.
"Well, it's not a huge conspiracy case, but it'll do to get sate your boredom for a bit," he begins. "Lestrade's been stuck on this one since it's a bit out of his league, but there's a boy, Adam, a few streets over that is missing his cat. Strange thing is, many other animals are going missing in that area too. But Adam's the only one who got his cat back, but she came back...different. Thought you might like to give her a once-over, see if there's anything off with her."
Sherlock was grateful for John's optimism; it does get so terribly exhausting being a pessimist. Even if he doesn't always believe what John says, it was nice to have a constant positive note in his life, keeping his negativity in check.
"Absolutely not. I'll go by myself." Sherlock says, fully done with being treated like a child with delusions of grandeur.
"It's fine, I knew what you meant. Most of us didn't peg you as straight anyway." John says offhandedly. "I knew from our first case."
“John,” Sherlock says, and Greg didn’t realize he’d moved closer along with him, the shoulders of their ski jackets touching. “Be irresponsible for once.”
John stares at him—trying to imagine Walter’s scruffy beard and unkempt hair all crisp and clean in a military uniform, insignias across his chest. But he can only imagine him like this—smiling and sweaty and panting, with melting snow on his face, and sweat staining the front of his suit.
Scotty nods. “Nobody calls me that. Only her. She always said she got it from some adventure book she read when she was a kid.”
He doesn’t realize until someone looks at him oddly and asks if he’s alright that he’s been thinking these thoughts for who knows how long. And that he’s been thinking them while standing in his never-really-forgotten parade rest.
He speaks from the ground, whispering. “Turn right when we enter. There’s a set of stairs. Hintley, that’s your man, will be waiting at the top once they hear this door creak open. Keep him occupied while I head to the back up the hidden stairs in the kitchen so I can get to Van Cleave. If you hear me whistle twice, leave immediately and meet me in the square. I’ve a Yamaha parked nearby in case we need to run, or in case we need to chase. Keys are under the seat. If anything happens. . .” he trails off, rising swiftly to his feet and fixing me with a gaze I feel deep in my gut like a fist. “Take it and get back to your Exit Point.”
Suddenly this is our life now. Doctor’s appointments and gynecology textbooks and odd glances from Lestrade and his team when Sherlock’s shirts all look just a skosh too tight, and then again when he finally switches to wearing some of my jumpers. He claimed it was an experiment, and thankfully he’s done enough weird things that they all believed him, gave me a shrug and a pat on the shoulder (“good on you for putting up with him, mate”) and moved on.
She looks at us both. “About a minute,” she says. Then she steps back, and my own nurse steps back, and I feel like he and I are the only two people who exist on the face of the earth.
I think before I go that I’ll see one last thing. Her eyes – warm and soft in the midst of gentle black.
Ok SORRY for all the surfing info! I couldn't help myself. As always, a gigantic thank you to everyone who has supported this story. Your comments make me smile like a fool on my bus commute or cry tears of joy late at night after a glass of wine and y'all are just the best. Also drop everything you're doing right now and go check out the gorgeous artwork discordantwords made for this fic on Tumblr!!! She's got a perfect "Gimme Shelter" mood board and also a jaw-dropping recreation of Sherlock's tattoo in a vintage 70's photograph. Go check it out and give her some reblogging love!
I hadn’t realized, little one. If you blame me for anything, and you have a mighty right to, please understand. I just didn’t know. What we had and what we were. What it all really meant. Even after all those years of what we had going on, I still didn’t fully
The mere suggestion that Sherlock could think of John in such a demeaning way makes him want to shoot something. “Well, I highly doubt you’ve been staring at the walls and sick with worry over me alone. Not with your Gold in your pocket.”
Cut to the timelapse of the inside of the hangar on a busy peak-season day. The swarm of mechanics, pilots, and paramedics look like tiny ants, dwarfed by the giant gleaming pieces of metal drenched in red and white.
The man steps forward, holding a folder of papers under his arm. He’s wearing a crisp black suit, and he clears his throat. “Are you both ready?” he asks professionally. I nod, and Sherlock blinks once. I tighten my fingers around his hand, and breathe in time with the tube in his throat.
“Oh so that’s all this is? I’ll just come to you each time I want to win something and you’ll graciously bend over backwards to help me? As long as I give you something back in return?”
Watson leans down to examine the side of Holmes’ face which isn’t pressed down into the ice. He brushes strands of hair back from his forehead. Hazily, behind him, we see the flashing yellow of the stretcher as Simon and Dom maneuver it into place beside Holmes’ body. Watson’s fingertips are shaking as they touch Holmes’ cheek.
The scene before us is a controlled chaos, whipped by storming ice. Simon and Patrick both have long, flexible poles in their hands – ones which they are madly sticking down into the ice and snow over and over again to try and feel what’s underneath.
I rub my hand across my mouth and she already knows my answer before I speak. “Aw, Junior, I got the roundup coming end of summer. Gonna be away all the time workin’. I’d never be home.”
He quickly glances at John standing next to them, hoping his plan is clear. John has every right to be horrified right now, to be hurt, to be silently demanding that Sherlock knock it off and keep his hands to himself, be
The reigning champion is gently sleeping next to him, face relaxed and easy like he already knows John’s there, even in his dreams. John feels like he just won the goddamn lottery and solved world peace and found eternal life all at once.
Johnny huffs out at the water before looking back at Sherlock with a sharp danger glinting in his eyes. “Watch yourself. I’m not that fucking old.”
in a world made of ice and blood and sand, that John shifts and rolls into Sherlock’s arms, pressing fully against his body and slotting his thigh between Sherlock’s legs.
Sherlock starts to hesitantly peer out the window, then shuts his eyes and hunches back down in his seat, his arms around his stomach, when they tilt to the left. John executes a wide turn, heading toward the landing pad waiting for them on the roof of the lodge.
Sherlock quietly chuckles through his nose beside him. They all watch in awkward silence as the camera footage zooms in on a few of the more recognizable French athletes before finally settling on Sherlock in the back, catching him just as he stops dead in his tracks, shields his eyes from the bright lights in the stadium, and then breaks out into a huge smile, waving towards the stands.
, about his time in Vietnam. And that he’s choosing to share it with Sherlock of all the goddamn billions of people.
That he alone knows the texture of the scar hiding beneath his wetsuit. That he alone can call him simply “John.”
He climbs in beside me, skin warm from a long bath, and I think he’s just ‘bout to drift off to a silent sleep when he whispers in the dark, “Hold me, John.”
Gerold’s voice, as the group continues to chat around Holmes and Watson, clearly asking for more of the story: “Those idiots . . . if anything would have happened, if old Holmes’ hadn’t made it the other week, how would I have known? What if something happened to Watson while Holmes was away? Why would I have thought to call?”
Holmes, in voice-over: “And he valiantly climbed his way up to the hut, and congratulated all the brave climbers, and rescued the woman with the black fingers, and brought her safely to hospital, blah blah blah.”
“But it’s not just that, he . . .” John gasps as Sherlock moves both of his hands to his right leg, pressing hard along the sore muscle as the cream sends a tingling burn across his skin. He uses the few seconds to collect his thoughts, then clears his throat and tries again. “You know he . . . I think he was shocked when people recognized him yesterday. Like he didn’t expect . . . like he thought they all would have just . . .”
Watson, off-screen, clearing his throat: “Yeah. . . Sherlock Holmes? I guess I just like a bit of a challenge.”
Twenty pairs of eyes suddenly land on him, the crowd around him turning into a circle with him at the center. Phones are already being pulled out for pictures, and mouths are hanging open, and John tries to clear his throat, painfully aware of the blush spreading over his face. It was somehow easier to accept he was famous when he was only being recognized by tiny groups of people at a time; that moment in the courtyard right after running into Maxine had seemed like some errant aberration, not the new norm.
I walk forward on numb legs and press a trembling hand to the glass, touching my own reflection as a tear slips free from the corner of my eye. Then I suddenly remember that I didn’t cry in the nineties. I was hard and terrifying. Brutal and cold. A killer.
A bright red helicopter bursts into view from a wall of fog and cloud. The camera tracks it as it soars majestically through the sky, revealing a full view of the glittering Matterhorn peak just behind the tail.
Sherlock gives a mischievous grin, then leaps down the hill to follow. “I’ll try!” Sherlock calls back to Greg, his skis soaring in a race to reach John.
Watson watches the final few seconds of film before the camera quickly ducks away from the doorway and shuts off in the hall. He traces the outer edge of the iPad with his finger. It feels too silent in the office without the noise of the footage.
I lay still and try and catch what tune Sherlock’s humming, waitin’ for my legs to wake up and move of their own accord, but for all I know it’s some strange classical piece or something he done made up himself. I marvel for the hundredth time how he can get by with so little sleep. I know I kept us both up half the night breathing like a saw and hunched over on the edge of our bed after a car backfiring echoed through the pass up to our ranch and woke me up from the deepest part a sleep. He sits and runs his fingers through my hair on the black nights. It’s the only part of my body he can touch without fearing I’ll slip back into the jungles in my mind and lash out at him. We’ve learned the hard way.
“We’re all gonna head down for a beer if you guys want to join. You know, celebrate not dying and all,” Hank says.
“He’s already had his precious spotlight. It had weeping soldiers and the national anthem and dramatizations of flag-draped caskets.”
He hears papers shuffling on the other end of the line, muffled voices and beeping in the background. “I’m sorry, sir, he’s out on patrol. Can I take a message?”
Sherlock pants for breath when John slowly guides his cock back out of his mouth, lips and chin and mouth absolutely dripping with John’s cum, the hot taste of him rolling down his throat. John looks down at him, shakes his head slowly, then flings himself down on top of Sherlock’s body, covering him with his weight and pulling him into a kiss, deep and slow. They moan as their tongues brush, trading the tastes of each other. Sherlock clings to John’s back and shoulders, nails digging into his skin, desperate for the weight of him on his skin. Then finally John falls off Sherlock’s body with a sigh and rolls back heavily onto his back. He pants staring up at the ceiling, one arm thrown over his eyes.
A harsh whistle startles John from his black thoughts, and he turns around to find its source behind him. Sherlock flicks his hand out from where he stands concealed in the shade of the trees, already back in a dry t-shirt, bag slung over his shoulder.
I guess I’m dwelling on it so much because it was the first night that we both took a complete and whole pleasure out of what was happening to Sherlock’s body. There was no hesitation, or shame, or restraint. No hiding. There’ve been many nights, and I’m sure there will be many more, where Sherlock prefers I don’t touch him there, or feel the way his chest is slowly trying to grow back into breasts. I’d do anything for him, and so as much as I want to run my hands over that gorgeous curve of skin I stay far away from it. Instead I lick into his arse with my tongue, or suck his small cock into my mouth, or, more rarely, throw back my head as he enters me. I know he needs those nights – those nights where his growing, soft body doesn’t exist, and he is once again the strong, lithe, muscular man he’s known himself to be for his entire life.
Sherlock’s heart drops back down into his stomach. Beside him, John flinches. A paparazzi-style photo of John, Sherlock, and Greg all seated together in the dining hall pops up on the screen, huge and blaring like evidence of a crime, their three heads bent together over their plates of food, all laughing.
I see nothing. The pier stretches before me barren and void, moaning in the empty wind and stranding me away from the shore. Separated.
“For Helen,” Sherlock says low. John feels the words catch in the back of his throat. Sherlock nods his head at him to continue walking, and all John can do is gaze at him for one beat more before turning back towards the competition, a new determination in his step and a heavy warmth settling in the core of his chest.
"Alright," Sherlock lies. Half-lies. He would throw his skis in the trash if he ever had to choose between skiing and kissing Greg. Even though he'll never face that decision, because the world knows he is with John. And Greg will never get to—
Greg’s voice: “You wonder if you could have flown faster. If you could have gotten the team there quicker so they had a chance. I have not delivered the people who can help on time. And that is when it is the most hard.”
John sighs in the quiet room. Rolls and cracks his neck a few times and stretches out his arm before pulling his shirt back on. He briefly checks his phone before he starts the process of getting his leg back on, and curses under his breath when he sees eight missed messages—one from Sherlock in the very beginning demanding that John come spread peanut butter on his toast, and the remaining seven all from Greg growing increasingly worried wondering where he is.
There’s a place up round near Bighorn where the little streams all crisscross each other like a handful of grass tossed down onto hot summer pavement. You can walk alongside the water in places where boots and hooves and moccasins and bare feet and whatever other goddamn footwear there is have been trampling for hundreds of years, and nobody pays you no congratulations for finding those paths.
Cut to a couple of people skiing elegantly down a steep slope, weaving in and out of each other’s paths as their skis carve deep ruts into the fluffy snow like marble. The cloudless sky shines, and the sun glints off the edges of their skis. We realize by their glances at each other that we are watching Greg and Molly ski together on a day off.
He tilts his head, as if he knew the question was coming. He sniffs hard, just once, and the fingers of his left hand clench. He runs his right hand over his wrist, soothing the muscle.
-John does Nordic skiing, which is cross-country (flat-ish) skiing. Nordic Paralympic skiers who are either amputees or do not have full use of their legs often use moniskis / sit-skis, or (in the case of Class LW-2, they normally stand-ski on one leg and use two outriggers instead of traditional skiing poles). HOWEVER, because this is fan fiction, Sherlock has helped design John a prosthesis that the Paralympics is magically approving for John to Nordic ski standing up on *two* skis, with traditional poles.
being chased down on the streets. The soldiers like me who held guns in our hands. The soldiers like me who killed because we were told to. Killed without being told why. Fields of blood.
It feels strange to be lying down on his board naked, humming at the back of his mind that something feels out of place even though he’s paddled out to sea hundreds of times before.
In the small pause, John finds himself repeating his own words. Miracles do happen, don’t they? And who says Sherlock can’t hold the new record? And who says Greg isn’t a good enough coach to get him there?
John’s face doesn’t change. He looks like an emotionless clone of the man who won Gold two days ago, brilliant and shining and alive. He looks like he hasn’t slept. Like nobody cared to style his hair for him. Like he’s somehow lost ten pounds. He shifts his weight on his prosthetic, then stops the moment he seems to notice Sherlock tracking the movement.
It takes every ounce of John’s self-control not to drop his things in the sand and chase after him. Not to find him and grab him by the shoulders, rip off the sunglasses and tell Sherlock Holmes “did you see them? Did you see everyone on the shore? They were clapping for you, you incredible, sexy,
I hear a truck door slam shut, and footsteps crunch forward slowly in the dirt, and then silence. Minutes pass. I start to feel the hair on my neck stand up feelin’ like someone’s outside watching me. Finally I shake my head and push up off the chair and move to the door. A tiny voice in the back of my dark and twisted mind tells my body to get ready to duck from the tire iron swing.
But heavy, warm limbs surround him, two breathing chests, and Sherlock is asleep before he can even go over his training schedule for the next day.
Sherlock fights with himself not to audibly scoff. “Of course not. Russell put up an alright score, but he got all his points just by throwing in tricks at the very end of his rides. O’Brien’s gonna chase after everything that comes at him, whether it’s a smooth barrel or not. Watson’s the only surfer here today with enough experience to know when to wait.”
John holds out his hand across the water and Sherlock immediately takes it, dipping their joined hands just below the surface of the waves and holding on.
The rest of the drive passes in a startlingly easy silence. Sherlock watches the palm trees and stop signs zip by like the steady ticks of a clock. By the time John pulls off the road nearly an hour later they’re down somewhere near Laguna.
We left the scene immediately, Sherlock calling out the flight number over his shoulder just before the door shut behind us. I wiped myself down with a handkerchief as best I could, called a cab to get us home, got both of us immediately into a shower, and then held Sherlock under the hot water until it started to run cold. He never apologized, but I didn’t need him too. And when his face was buried in the hollow of my neck while we stood under the spray, I know that some of the drops of water that dripped down my collarbone were tears.
“You couldn’t have just trusted yourself to fit in two more turns?” Scotty says, voice haughty. “The wave was only just beginning to crest and you didn’t have any wind resistance. If you’d only just trusted your instincts the wave wasn’t gonna cave on you before you could –"
He stares for another moment before crossing his arms and turning back to keep talking with Gerold. Gerold goes along.
I’ll have to take two days off work, and seein’ as how there’s no such thing as vacation days workin’ ranch hand jobs I’ll probably lose it. I’ll have to leave Alma alone with the girls tryin’ to find a babysitter when she picks up her shifts at the grocery mart. I’ll have to load up the horse trailer even though it ain’t been used in months and pack up all our supplies.
I look down at my hands – hold them up close in the dim moonlight to try and see the fresh, young skin. Take two steps forward and marvel at the sturdy ground rising up level to meet my feet.
Holmes: “Well, considering there are only four main paramedics on staff, there was a twenty-five percent chance of Watson being the one to find the body. Why you’re revealing that information to me as if it’s some great secret is far beyond my realm of caring or understanding.”
Sherlock’s eyes go wide with exasperation. “Oh, come on, John, don’t give me that. Everyone on earth knows this is a terrible idea, mashing the Olympics and all of you back to back—”
With each step he takes towards the doors leading out to the sprawling maze of Los Angeles, John feels like he’s stepping father away from home. Which is ridiculous, because up until four days ago the only place besides Los Angeles he’d ever even been to had been goddamn Vietnam, like the world’s worst global traveler. His palms itch to feel the warm saltwater underneath them, toes straining to sink into warm, soft sand. Nothing like the icy, seaweed choked water and rocky grains that make up the SoCal shores.
He would let them all out in an endless, choking stream—the deserts John dreams about when he wakes up in tears, or the fact Greg cried after the last time he tried to call his mother—and then everyone would know far too much too quickly, and Greg and John would feel sad just
There was chaos, and an explosion of sound, and orders screamed out into the void, half at the sailors, half into buzzing old radios. There was sweat dripping down into eyes and John followed Keith Hartman in front of him and ran and ran and ran. And that’s when it started to rain.
He holds my face safe in his hands and breathes into my mouth and trembles as I touch him. As I whisper to him, “that’s it, that’s it, let go.” As he looks into my eyes looking soft and wrecked and whispers, “I didn’t know,” before he comes in my arms with a fluttering cry in the back of his throat, letting me feel him fall beautifully apart. And he reaches down and lets me push up into his warm hand. Kisses the hollow of my throat until my body pulses and I see stars, clinging to the muscles in his back.
I blink back to the present. She’s waiting for me. “You look so lovely,” I say. My voice is hoarse and shaking.
Greg’s eyebrows climb halfway up to his hairline. He and Sherlock have cursed each other to hell more times than he can count, but he’s never heard Sherlock apologize like that in his life. Not even close.
After a beat, Sherlock turns back to Sonya. He looks surprised she’s still there. She hoists the mic in front of his face, looking anxious for his answer, her smile almost painful. “Sherlock? Thoughts on the race? On the World Record? Sherlock Holmes, how do you feel after your first Olympic Gold?”
And now, after four long days of staring out his apartment window thinking more than he ever had in his whole damn life, even on the nights he’d kept watch on the ship without Keith by his side to talk to, John finds himself standing on the curb of the Honolulu airport, with a rucksack slung over his shoulder and an address written on a folded up note in his pocket.
John sucks him hard and fast, cheeks hollowed around his cock while his hand slaps Sherlock’s ass hard and grips. Sherlock buries his face into John’s groin at the base of his throbbing cock and looks down to watch his own erection disappear again and again into John’s mouth, wet and glistening, precome and spit dripping slowly down his chin.
He has the strong, terrifying urge to snap one of his skis in half. Or set his gun off into the sky. Or find the nearest helicopter, leap into it, and fly straight up, up and up . . .
Greg turns fast to look at him, eyes wide. “Fuck, Johnny, seriously? And you – is that how you feel?”
Greg shrugs his shoulders, and the movement feels so hopeless and wrong that even Sherlock takes a half-step back in confusion. “Perhaps it is the wax. I can have the technicians check.”
John sighs as Sherlock’s thumb strokes across the day-old stubble on his cheek, deathly loud in the still silence of the air.
He still hunches over with his elbows on his knees. Every few seconds, he glances to the side out to the helipad, quickly scanning the skies as if waiting for a helicopter to come into view and land.
And still, interviewer calls back over his shoulder, fruitlessly hefting his mic up into the air and waving it towards the gate. “And for Watson? Any last message for John Watson before you make your final run at your illusive Olympic Gold?”
when you’re supposed to be world class athlete at a sport that uses considerable hand-eye coordination.”
“I get it. I’m selfish and uncaring and horrible and the villain just because I don’t want the Olympics to turn into a giant illogical circus of poor preparation, ruining
But when Sherlock opens his eyes and stands tall again, his lips wet and stinging a bit from John and Greg’s stubble, he isn’t at home. The overwhelming noise of the stadium slams back into him with a terrifying roar: cheers and whistles and shocked cries and a few boos and camera flashes and their faces blown up on a giant screen and Sonya Westley, five feet in front of him, holding a microphone and looking absolutely bewildered.
And that kissing him was so right it near moved me to tears. Carved his lips on my soul. I could never change. Never go back.
He reaches down to his own bag and pulls out his shirt and sunglasses, slowly continuing to back away as they all jog off down to the water. He’s formed an alright plan – just fake going for a walk down the beach and then come back to grab his stuff and leave when they’re all busy swimming. Somehow it feels too pathetic to simply grab his stuff and leave now.
“Tell me,” he says to Greg, who has no doubt noticed John’s quiet descent into panic over the last eight skiers, but hasn’t said anything. “What are his actual chances—not the hopeful answer. The realistic one.”
I don’t have enough fight in me to argue with her bout the cost of rent. We find a new little place above the laundromat in town and move in before the month is over.
“Sherlock,” he breathes. The sound of his name in John’s voice floats gently out over the sea and towards the distant horizon. Sherlock wants to cup the sound of it in his palms and hide it away inside his skin forever. He wants to melt. “Sherlock,” John whispers into the side of his neck. Says again nestled into his cheek, breathing warmth across his shivering skin.
John shakes his head and turns to walk back up to the house. Sherlock matches his step and puts a firm hand on his shoulder before leaning over and kissing the side of John’s head. John knows without any hesitation that they’re walking towards the same room, the same bed, the same sheets. That he’ll wake up tomorrow morning on the day he surfs in Day 2 of the Billabong Pipeline Masters with Sherlock Holmes by his side, sleepy and warm and soft. He steps closer to Sherlock and wraps an arm around his waist, feeling a flutter in chest when Sherlock pulls him close around the shoulders.
Greg sucks in a surprised breath. The kiss floods through his chest, tingling just behind his sternum with something that feels like disbelieving relief. Because Sherlock’s lips are slow, when for weeks they’ve been hard and quick. He’s caressing Greg’s mouth instead of just pressing against it, tasting him with his lips instead of quickly hurrying away—straight onto the next mountain, the next slope, the next goal.
Suddenly I’m filled with white hot anger, watching him stand there in his perfect pressed shirt with his muscled arms and gleaming white truck behind him like he ain’t suffered one second the whole time since he went and died. I can’t see nothing but his pursed bottom lip as I lunge down off the stairs and charge at him, grabbing his collar in my hands and walking him backwards ‘til his back slams into the side of his truck. I swing back my hand for a punch when I feel his body ready itself for a fight, and then he shoves me off of him like it’s nothing, ducking my arm and throwin’ me to the ground before I can kick him in the shin.
Sherlock’s mouth clicks shut, and he takes a few moments to look out over the trees. Greg can practically feel him vibrating with the energy in his bones. They both stare unseeing at the empty shooting range, waiting for the race to come back for the third and final shooting round before the last lap.
and got to the bottom. I was right there. A fucking picture perfect view of you snapping your neck in half. A front row seat!”
He quirks his lips as he takes a moment to rub his hands over his arms, standing in the middle of the pure field of fresh snow. A few flakes fall onto his cheeks, turning instantly to water at the heat of his skin. A droplet runs over his lips and into his mouth.
Long minutes pass, filled with soft grunts and deep breathing. John basks in the waves of pleasure spreading across his back from Sherlock’s touch, humming at the blissfully firm press of his hands down the tense line of his spine, before he hazily remembers what he’d been trying to say before.
His voice startles me. “Oh please, I don’t give a shit about the Protest,” he says quickly. “I just care that you can take this guy out while I go after Van Cleave.”
Sherlock doesn’t even look up when John finally opens the left-unlocked door to Room 502. He’s sprawled out across his bed with his legs half up the wall, wearing only a pair of ridiculously tight black briefs and the thin blue dressing gown John hadn’t realized he’d brought from home. John breathes in a deep whiff of Sherlock’s soap in the air, closing his eyes as the familiar scent surrounds his skin.
“I know you understand.” It’s a relief. God, the relief. But he has to know; he has to ask, like an incurable compulsion rooted deep inside him. “But I was thinking . . . just now . . .” Sherlock takes one last look at Greg’s face, as if it might change forever in the next moment, for better or worse. He hates how helpless and naive his voice sounds, how young. “Do you ever miss this? Being just the two of us?”
“—I’ve come up with who I think they’ll pit you against in the Wild Card round today based on rankings. Pay attention, John, those flowers will still be there in two days you can look at them then.”
“That’d be rad. Yes, just – tell him Johnny Watson called.” John runs a hand through his hair and feels the fresh breeze against his face. “Tell him I decided yes.”
-Sherlock is competing in Super-G, which is a variation of alpine (downhill) skiing. Super-G stands for "Super Giant Slalom" (yes, really) and means that skiers compete by individually racing down a giant downhill course made up of spaced gates (two poles with a flag on top connecting them) to achieve the fastest time.
Holmes: “Nobody died because of you. John, you saved me. There was nothing else you could have done for him. Do you hear me?”
John falls back into the shallows to end his ride and feels his body melt into the water. His muscles surge with excess adrenaline, lactic acid from holding himself tight on the board during the cutbacks starting to leak its fiery way through his veins. By the time he clambers back up on his board and cracks his neck he can hear the distant booming crackle of the announcers going wild. One glance out at the pathetic waves coming in tells John that that ride will be his first and last one of the set. His chance at going pro, his chance at everything, resting on the previous thirty seconds of his life. That and whatever Scotty Holmes is able to accomplish in the next seven minutes before the airhorn.
The wire is perfectly coiled. The sight of it feels oddly sad. The camera hovers on it for a moment before tracking back to the window, but the helicopter is out of sight.
It’s amazing to watch him work like this, pacing the flat slow and steady with one hand pressing a cell phone to his ear and the other idly tracing circles around his belly which looks ready to burst. Sometimes our eyes meet, his mind wrenched briefly from the depths of his mind palace, and we share a secret smile. I know what we’re both thinking – that it feels like old times. Because I’m sure my face looks just like it did on that very first night standing over the poor journalist from A Study in Pink, and he knows that he looks even more radiant, even more like the sun than he did that day.
We’re ready now. It’s my love and I, and it’s our daughters, just the four of us against the rest of the world.
“I hear you, Junior,” I say. I tip my head, the way they done taught me to do in the Army. “Loud and clear.”
Greg’s voice cracks on the last word. The fight dies in John’s chest. He swallows over the lump quickly reforming in his throat as he watches the anger in Greg’s face fade into something else, something that looks like longing—the look that had been on Greg’s face the first time they ever had sex together without Sherlock there, when Greg had looked like he couldn’t quite believe John actually wanted him too, that Greg wasn’t just some package deal from the past because he happened to be dating Sherlock Holmes, who made John feel alive again. Who showed him he could still ski.
"I have to say, the first thing I noticed when I first med you were your cheekbones. No, I'm serious!" John says, the last bit after a scoff of disbelief from the detective.
Despite the word "freak" hurting, Sherlock was very relived that that's the only thing she chose to say. Whether John was behind the lack of teasing or not, he appreciates it.
know how much I've done for you, and that when you snap it's just because you're changing and you don't like it."
Sherlock's face turns a bit pink at this, and he sits up suddenly and kisses John deeply, and John can feel every ounce of love behind his lips and he kisses back with just as much urgency as the detective. John usually is able to keep his hands to himself while kissing; he knows how insecure Sherlock is about his body, but something about the kiss made him want
It was rather strange, having an eating disorder and being in active recovery from it. He always felt as if he had a limit he couldn't eat past, but a limit for what? He wasn't going to be able to lose weight anymore, and he wasn't really going to be able to maintain anymore either. So why is he obsessing over his limit when there's no reason to have one? Yes, he feared gaining weight more than anything, but it was going to happen--hell, it
Sherlock's mind is blank for a bit, before exploding into such pure joy that he thought he might fall to the floor. "You're serious?! A case?!"
Even though he's a doctor, John doesn't really know how long it'll take before they're out of the woods, if ever. He knows recovery is lifelong, but knowing that and living that are two very different things.
. If she wanted to lose weight so bad, why didn't she just quit eating? Didn't she know she can't lose weight when she's eating enough to sustain a family, even though she's vomiting it back up? Disgusting. Pathetic.
He makes his way back to the living room, leaving Molly in the bathroom to collect herself. John is busy talking to Mycroft, who had apparently just arrived. John excuses himself and walks over to Sherlock, worry already creasing itself into the furrow of his brow.
"Practice makes perfect, John, as you can see." Sherlock retorts, suddenly feeling defensive. Why should he have to justify his methods of destroying himself? Why can't John just stitch him up when needed and say no more about it?
Sherlock inhales, staring at his hands, his fingers curled into nervous fists. "I don't feel sexual attraction. I...I never have. I thought it would be different with you, but it's not. I don't know what's wrong with me, I just...I just don't like the idea of sex."
Cluedo chooses this moment to yowl indignantly, and Sherlock covers her ears and says in mock-offense, "Not in front of the child!"
"No, not just like that. I stopped for a while, then relapsed, then clean for a while, then I relapsed again. I've been clean for about two year and a half years. I managed to stop soon after you came back. It wasn't easy, mind you, but I focused my efforts elsewhere. Taking care of you has kept me busy, and so has the cases. It is dangerous to be alone. Luckily, I'm not alone anymore." John says, his eyes crinkling at the corners and gazing lovingly down at Sherlock, making the detective feel warm inside his chest.
The detective's head started to droop, fatigue and the cold getting the better of him. Without realizing it, Sherlock fell asleep in the snow.
"I'm fine...I just fell asleep...sorry..." Sherlock mumbles, his mouth dry and cottony. He could barely feel his extremities.
He read a news report once of a bulimic girl who met her end kneeled in front of the toilet. She had gorged herself to the point of food coming back up her esophagus when she swallowed, and the act of purging ruptured her stomach and bowels and she died on the spot. Naked, bruised, and covered in her own vomit, blood, and feces was how she was found by her mother. Autopsies showed that her stomach had pushed its way up her ribcage and displaced her other organs to accommodate the sheer amount of food she ate. He hated that he thought this, but his first thought when he read this was just that she was
Sherlock's mouth twitches slightly in what John guessed was an attempt at a smile. "I...I love you too, John. Even if...even if I don't show it well enough."
"Did John tell you about...what was going on with me?" Sherlock says carefully, already irritated with the breach of privacy.
The case was simple, in theory, so the detective was rather frustrated at the fruitlessness of the interview and at his inner voice chanting
"Kissing is okay," Sherlock says, appearing relieved that John wasn't making a big deal about it. "And so is cuddling, and holding hands, just not anything to do with sex. Making out is kind of pushing it, but as long as we don't have to have sex, I'm okay."
John clears his throat. "The good kind, I hope. I was downtown last week, while you were gone to therapy, and I found this." He disappears into the bedroom they shared and returns with a box. Sherlock sits up straighter, his interest obviously piqued. John settles onto the couch across from him and carefully sets the box down, and delicately removes the lid.
Everntually, the fruit salad has been eaten and John promised to pay Sherlock for his troubles when they got home.
The fact that he had next to no body fat wasn't helping either, but the doorway he sat in helped shelter him from the -12° windchill at least.
Sherlock brings his hand down to John's muscular shoulders and touches him lightly, his fingertips gracing the bare skin.
"Oh, I don't remember the name of it, I just heard it on the radio on my way to work this morning. I think it goes something like,
So he ate about half of the sandwich, and almost out of habit, pushed his plate away. Yes, he was still hungry. No, he wasn't going to finish it. But he was trying, and that's what he felt mattered.
"No, don't even say anything to defend yourself, Sherlock. I thought you were doing better. John said you were doing better."
Sherlock's face twists into a grimace, looking down at the armrest he was picking at. "No. I'm not."
Sherlock was draped over John's shoulder as he worked on his computer, beating his head against his boyfriend's in time to his name being called.
of this! So sick of his illness holding him back, sick of the sidelong glances, the whispered "freak", "failure", "stupid" he kept hearing, just sick of being alive and being himself. That's what he was sick of the most: being Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock nods mutely, still in shock. Yes, he knew Molly cared for him. But she had never been so vocal about it before now.
me, but word is that you have some sort of, I don't know, food problem, of sorts? It's not my business, but I just thought--"
"Keep your pants on, John, I'm looking for my phone," Sherlock says irritably, trying to hide the scale that he had been tampering with. He heard Jonn's impatient footsteps and just chucked it under their bed, making a mental note to deal with it later.
"Well, I suppose, but I still hated it," Sherlock admits, still having the remnants of a scowl on his face. "It felt so unnatural, being so completely in love and not able to do a bloody thing about it. I don't think I've ever been in love, actually."
"Well, it's not going to just stop, is it?" Sherlock snaps angrily. "Isn't that what they say at therapy; you can't control other people, so you can only control how you react?"
Still, it was their second Christmas as a couple, and this time Sherlock was not in a hospital for it. That's reason enough to celebrate, Sherlock thinks.
Sherlock stirs a bit, his mind slowly booting up and his feelings coming online. He felt rested and comfortably sleepy, and he rose to a sitting position and stretched, resembling Cluedo for a few seconds.
"Here you go, love," John says gently, handing Sherlock a mug of coffee, which the detective takes gratefully. Then, John notices something off about his boyfriend's face.
"Hello, Sherlock." Molly says softly, not quite discreetly giving the detective a once-over. Sherlock represses an uncomfortable squirm, feeling very much on display. The fitted suit he was wearing had to be altered to fit him this year, and he was still very touchy about it.
"John..." Sherlock says sorrowfully, momentarily consumed with guilt and self-hatred. "I didn't know..."
John smiles, stroking the side of his boyfriend's face. "Alright, love. You stay here, I'll be back shortly." Sherlock makes a noise of vague agreement, then another of irritation when John disengages from him and leaves the bed.
"I can do this by myself, I don't need..." Sherlock sleepily protests, trying to push John away a bit. It felt a little embarrassing, being carried to bed like a child that fell asleep in the car.
John gives Sherlock a look. "You know what. I'm supposed to wait by the bathroom every time you go within an hour of eating."
John pulls back, still keeping his hands on Sherlock's upper arms, rubbing his thumbs on them soothingly.
Sherlock strains his eyes to look at his surroundings, and remembers where he is. The Barts hospital, where he faked his death so many years ago. John is crying, holding Sherlock's broken body and the detective is filled with horror and sadness and fear.
John turns around suddenly, pulling the detective into a long, desperate kiss that left Sherlock dazed.
As they enter the room, the group goes silent, and gives the detective that silent stare of judgement. He glares at them, and they hurriedly go back to their work. Donovan lets her eyes linger a bit more, her eyes carrying a wicked glint in them, making Sherlock's stomach turn uneasily.
But what if it was? What if the answer was right in front of him, soft blonde eyelashes and worried skin? What if he didn't need to live like this anymore, what if he could be....happy? What then?
"How did you..." Sherlock's voice wavers. He wasn't sure how to word his question. "How did you stop?"
John is still a bit unsure of the veracity of his statement, but he goes in to kiss Sherlock again anyway. Sherlock's hands travel his body quickly and desperately, and John slowly allows his hands to return to his waist, moving his hand further upwards delicately, while Sherlock seems to be out of his mind with the urgency to feel every square inch of John.
John sighs, unwilling to come forward with the information. "They don't know everything, I haven't told them much besides that you're unwell, but your...attempt...was quite the buzz around the medical staff. No one is supposed to talk about it, but you know how word gets around. From what I can tell, the only thing people know is that you tried to kill yourself, and have been off the grid ever since."
His dreams had faded, and he was in a comfortable limbo between sleep and wakefulness, just awake enough to feel the warmth of John next to him, but just asleep enough to not feel anything but peace.
“Sorry about not being a military doctor,” John said in return, but he wasn’t really sorry at all and they both knew it.
He was almost to the chairs - empty ones at that - when a brilliantly white object down by the water caught his attention. He held up his spare hand to better shield his eyes, and as the object moved closer he made out the shape of a gloriously nude Sherlock Holmes.
It seemed barely a few moments later that there was a light tapping on the door behind them and John drew back, looking reluctant and wide-eyed and panting delightfully.
“I did actually go to Afghanistan, but not as a soldier. I’m a dentist… obviously,” he said, gesturing at the walls around them.
The ridiculously satisfied grin that spread across Sherlock’s face was quite in counterpoint to the softening of his green-blue eyes.
The touch, the voice, the heady scent of Sherlock so close to him... it all almost melted John back into ignorant oblivion, but then he heard the whistle again along with some laughter, and someone yelled “Get a room!” and it suddenly sounded like the best idea in the world.
“I think,” Sherlock says, with a tentative grin this time, “That we might need to ask Mrs Hudson to keep Rosie for a little while longer.”
He spots a swish of Sherlock’s dark coat, then, behind a large tree, and military tactics start playing through John’s head as he plots. His pretentious and ballsy git of a flatmate’s days are numbered.
He was vaguely aware of Sherlock saying his name, slightly more aware of a hot wetness against his stomach, and then he opened his eyes to the most beautiful sight of Sherlock with his head thrown back in similar ecstasy seconds later.
He didn’t need light to know that Sherlock had paled again. The man’s momentary silence said enough. John rested his arms on the railing and leaned forward to look out to sea, waiting, and he felt more than saw Sherlock echo the pose next to him. Their elbows knocked against each other as Sherlock got situated, and John felt his attitude soften slightly.
It was all he could manage to get out, because he suddenly didn’t quite know what to say. All the high emotions and choice words that had been festering in his mind for the past few minutes were suddenly in complete opposition to the familiarity and comfort and, regrettably, attraction that the presence of John Watson always evoked in him.
and he found that he liked that idea very, very much. His head felt momentarily light from the sensory onslaught, and then John moved in even closer and brought his cheek alongside Sherlock’s.
that he almost couldn’t find it in himself to be truly upset with the man, but it was still so unorthodox that he wasn’t quite able to just simply get over the feeling of being violated somehow.
fled in that moment except for the knowledge that Sherlock was kissing him, and the feeling of those soft lips moving over his. Sherlock pulled away slightly after a few moments, but John pulled him right in again with a hand to the back of his head.
John knew how to do this part, and was glad for the familiar movement as he fit his legs between Sherlocks and thrust their hips together. Their cocks slid over each other, smooth but dry for lack of lubrication, and it was just about the best thing he’d ever felt. Sherlock quickly licked at his hand and spread the moisture between them, and it eased things for a few minutes as John kissed him and drew ragged breaths from both of them as the tension in their bodies increased. John could feel it knotting tighter and tighter in his pelvis, and he desperately hoped that Sherlock was getting there too.
“I didn’t-” John started, then paused. He gazed at Sherlock across the small space, and cleared his throat. “I didn’t lie. You deduced, and I didn’t correct you. I honestly didn’t have a chance to correct you, you monopolized the conversation so bloody much.”
Sherlock glowered and brought the encounter word-for-word into his mind, but apparently John somehow remembered it explicitly too.
John smiles into the kiss even as a tear trails out the corner of his eye and down across his cheek.
Sherlock visibly blanched in front of him, his already-pale face losing colour in a matter of seconds.
John shuffled down the shrub-lined path, and as he approached the beach he came across a bench. It seemed like as good a place as any to take his clothes off and so he did. He hadn’t been this naked in public since his army days, and even that wasn’t really in public, so he put his hat on his head and held his folded clothing in front of his groin and ambled out onto the beach. He still wondered what on earth Sherlock was up to, and it was only when he spotted the two wood-and-canvas beach chairs about a hundred metres away that it occurred to him that Sherlock would be naked too.
“What on earth are you doing?” he asked, somewhat alarmed to see the man half-hanging over the railing next to him.
“John,” he sputtered out, half enraged and half in disbelief. He held up the brown paper bag. “Lunch.” And then he shook it up nicely, because that’s what the situation deserved.
“Mike in the lab, or Mike in general?” John asked with an eyebrow arched. “You were so busy trying not to notice me that I don’t think you paid any attention to the looks that were passing between Mike and myself. We
, as you like to say, and found a more natural situation in which to ask you. I was inappropriate, and I beg your forgiveness.”
There it was: Richmond Park Surgery. He strode purposefully up the 4 steps and pulled the front door open with a slightly dramatic flourish. The receptionist looked up from her computer, did a double take, and smiled at him in a beguiling fashion.
“John!” Sherlock called out with a cheery smile and a wave, and it was all John could do to stay standing. The gawking was happening, there was no way around that, but he managed to hold himself upright on one of the chairs and a second later thought to remove his hat and cover his nether regions with it. He wasn’t ready for this, not at all, and he was having the struggle of his life and not over a foe in a dark alley somewhere. Oh no, that would be too easy, wouldn’t it? No, the struggle of his life was the difficulty of trying to tear his eyes away from Sherlock’s dangling
John managed to steer them towards one of the double beds as Sherlock licked into his mouth, and they fell onto the mattress without pause. John could feel Sherlock better now that the man was underneath him, and he reached between them to touch what he’d been ogling at the beach. He couldn’t help the gasp that escaped his mouth as his fingers closed around Sherlock’s cock, but he thrilled at the moan that came out of Sherlock’s at the same time.
Watson: “Well, no, I guess that’s why I went with him in the chopper back, since I’m the most senior paramedic. There was still . . . a chance, right? I tried to resus him the whole flight back. Never seen Greg fly so fast. But. . . by then. . . yeah. I called time of death before we even got to the base. Well, I guess you saw it. Just happened ten minutes a--”
Perhaps he never loved it in the first place. Perhaps it was only the intoxicating experience of seeing the pride in his parents’ eyes as he won race after childhood race, or meeting John on that ski lift, or winning Gold after Gold, the magazine covers and advertisement campaigns and world-wide acclaim. Was it only his name on the world records, the announcers’ lips, the trophies? The swarming, exuberant crowds battling for his autograph, his smile and wink? Has he never experienced true joy and autonomy in his own life? Did he ever have a choice? Has he never known what he really wante—?
. No frantic calls from Greg wondering why Sherlock hasn’t shown up for practice since John’s race. No stern warnings from the IOC that he’s about to be disqualified if he keeps ghosting his coach. No inquiries from the massage center as to why he’s skipped all his appointments.
Cut to Robbie again, picking up another toy helicopter to fly it around with his son sitting cross-legged on the floor. The little boy fakes a mid-air collision and laughs. Robbie smiles.
Watson, distantly: “The reason they all call us by our surnames, you know that’s just a joke, right? Started my first week here. Everyone said a British bloke sounded too posh to be called something plain like ‘John’ – everyone started calling me Watson. It just stuck. And then Sherlock came along, when he started working here more, and, same thing. Didn’t even matter that his first name is the fanciest thing on earth. It had to be Holmes.” He shrugs: “But then, at home. . . with him, I could be John. It just . . . I don’t know. It worked.”
The city in the daytime is fresh air and life. It smells of the sea, and the buildings pierce the sky, and the city’s hidden crevices come alive like gorgeous painted wrinkles, offering their vine-covered secrets of the past as we zoom by with my hands tightly gripping his warm hips.
I turn sideways to look at him. The sun is setting cross the horizon out his side of the window, framing his hat with gold.
Sherlock scoffs at his own thoughts and forces himself to look away from the perfect picture of Johnny giving a last wave to the still cheering crowd while his little best friend with the ridiculous bun hangs by his side like a puppy and the girls in bikinis practically line up to kiss his stubbled cheek. It looks straight out of a cheesy 1950’s Los Angeles advertisement:
He knows Scotty knows what he means. His mind flashes back to Scotty whipping off his sunglasses mid-ride down a pitiful swell, staring him down just before flinging himself back into the waves on purpose.
He feels the absence of Sherlock on the beach fiercely. It haunts him down into his bones as he finishes waxing his board and starts stretching off to the side to prepare for his heat.  There’s a pull at the center of his chest – a knot around the warmth inside his skin that’s connected to a long string which Sherlock Holmes wears effortlessly on the tip of his fingers, pulling him helplessly along in his wake. There’s a low boil of anger churning in the pit of his stomach. Not two hours ago Sherlock had held his hand and looked him in the eyes and
Johnny holds up a hand slowly as he looks back at Sherlock. The expression in his eyes is completely unreadable. It’s thrilling and infuriating and beautiful all at once.
And you told your young man as how I work for the sheriff station, as if I had myself a badge and a payroll and everything. Your granddaddy grabbed my knee under the table like a silent laugh.
Out of nowhere, Greg suddenly remembers the stillness of his tiny flat after Sherlock had leaned forward and kissed him on the couch for the first time. The way the darkness beyond the windows had seeped in across the carpet, wrapping around their bones as Sherlock’s breath trembled across Greg’s upper lip. And then the stillness had absolutely shattered, blown to pieces, as Sherlock sucked in a breath, levitated up from the couch, and flew himself halfway across the room with his hands in his curls, muttering, “
Greg ignores him and casually holds out a hand, intending to help John sit back on the bed so he can get his leg sorted. “Here, J, let me—”
Sherlock grips him harder, hand flying faster over John’s hard penis, turning the water into a churning rush of foam and spray in between John’s legs.
As he steps back out into the sun, he briefly considers a last-ditch effort to ask around with some of the press—surely they’ve spotted Super-Greg by now and have a camera trained on him at all times. But then, and John hates himself for thinking this, there would be the fresh round of eyes on him, the questions, another scene, and John would rather have not shown up to Sherlock’s race at all than for Sherlock to think he’s only here for his own fame.
Sherlock, il faut que tu putain de participe à cette putain de cérémonie : Sherlock, you need to fucking walk in the fucking Ceremony
“Just stay here,” Scotty says, reading his goddamn mind again. “Can’t catch a bus this late and there aren’t any taxis out here. Couch isn’t that bad – I’ve slept on it plenty of times.”
John, and then they were back in the frenzy of lust that they’d reluctantly put on hold back at the pier. John sank his fingers into Sherlock’s hair again as their bodies pressed together, and Sherlock’s hands flew everywhere, seemingly having trouble with which part of John’s body to explore first. They settled on his arse, and gave such an erotic squeeze that John bucked forward into him and swore under his breath.
His last word was swallowed up by the sudden and firm press of Sherlock’s mouth against his. All thought, hesitation,
Then, “Oh,” said again in as many minutes. Sherlock blinks hard, takes in a deep breath, and raises his own eyebrows at John.
“Which part, Sherlock?” John asked casually, as he turned to put his sunhat away. “The part where you reneged on our holiday deal by trying to chase a case, or the part where we both ended up naked in public and confessing attraction to each other? Hmmmm?”
“Why?” he asked, and his voice came out a lot more hoarse that he would have liked. “Why do it all? Why not just correct me after a day or two and be done with the deception?”
that finally, finally doesn’t matter anymore. He manages to wrangle his left glove off, and raises a cool hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock notices that his eyes dilate and that the heart rate beneath his hands speeds up. The man’s eyes narrow, curious, and then he lets out a soft “Oh” from his parted lips.
Sherlock nodded and, the next thing John knew there was darkness again and Sherlock was pulling him on top of his body once more.
“An experiment?” John asked sharply, and he felt his anger returning. The number of conversations they’d had about him not wanting to be part of experiments was uncountable. The look in his friend’s eyes told a different story, though.
know each other from Bart’s - it’s not just a medical teaching hospital, there’s a dental institute attached to it as well. I was there for a time and we met during a lunch break one day and spent the rest of the year trading stories about our chosen professions. I hadn’t seen him in a couple of years before that morning, but every bit of that story was true.”
A small, tentative smile stole over Sherlock’s face. “I do believe that, from the very beginning, I invited you to be my partner in all things work-related, ergo -”
“Perfect. Never been better,” John said against him. “I'll admit, sometimes good things come from your crazy ideas.”
John happens to be staring at said lips when it happens, and unconsciously runs his tongue over his own in response. A second later he realizes that it only adds to the deduction Sherlock is making above him at rapid-fire rate, and it’s too late.
“I beg your pardon?” Sherlock’s voice was both surprised and strangely curious, much to John’s chagrin.
“You couldn’t shut up about me and Afghanistan, and the way I carried myself and my war injuries and my haircut and my slight tan. It was blindingly obvious to everyone but you, Sherlock, and it biased your deductions. Something about the idea of my being a soldier did something for you, and I found you attractive so didn’t want to dissuade you. I knew this would all come out eventually, so I just hoped that by the time it did you’d know me well enough to not kick me out of your life.”
It hits him then, square in the back, and John ducks behind a nearby bench instinctively at the assault. Three more snowballs rain down towards him in quick succession.
“Thanks Liv. I’ll be right out,” he responded, his eyes not leaving Sherlock’s. And it was at that point that Sherlock realized that he hadn’t given John his lunch, and that the paper bag was on the floor and off to the side somewhere, cast away at some point in the midst of their little exchange.
John considered, for the shortest of seconds, turning his phone off and turning back over on the bed - but he knew Sherlock, and he also knew that his nap was over. Curiosity and practicality won out, so he mentally raised a middle finger towards his friend and rolled out of bed instead.
"Always like this?" It didn’t escape Sherlock that although John was speaking with him normally, he wouldn’t turn to look at him. Sherlock pull his pajama trousers up to the best of his abilities to see if it would help.
Sherlock did so. He didn't even had to think, his heart jumping and racing erratically in his chest, the vague, blurred memories of the last time making him grow inside his pants almost immediately. He just got up and used those thumps of casts of brace himself on the wall like a little bitch, too eager to question John further, to ask why he was doing this. But he
He was looking back at Sherlock, pupils blown wide, and he lick his lip as he usually did when nervous. Sherlock nodded because he knew what John wanted and hell, he wanted it too.
John took pity on Sherlock and came close to help him with the robe. Sherlock stop for a fraction of a second, watched as John pull the sleeves on his arms. John, looking down, not at him... haven't look at him yet.
Walk around the living room with a raging erection was a bit uncomfortable, but Sherlock found John on the kitchen preparing breakfast and felt a wave of relief that the man was there, just there… that John hadn’t given up on him yet. He was wearing pajama pants and an old jumper that was stretched around the neck and showed almost his entire shoulder.
Sherlock appeared pensive for a moment, before he lowered his chin and looked at John in a strangely seductive way. “We’d probably have two sundials if you put your hat back on your head.”
Sherlock could do nothing but gape at his friend for a few moments. It took some effort to pull himself together.
as Sherlock moistened his fingers again and reached between their bodies to take them both in hand. John almost crumpled on top of him at the intimate sensation, and a moment afterwards he was pushing as hard as he could against Sherlock and seeking out every ounce of friction as his brain short-circuited and his body dumped endorphins everywhere and he came hard with Sherlock’s name on his lips.
John wasn’t sure if this was a good time to figuratively poke at things or not, given the lovely dinner they’d just had, but something in him couldn’t resist. He hadn’t, after all, quite forgiven Sherlock for the afternoon’s events.
“Oh god, really?” John interrupted, covering his face with his hand and shaking his head slowly. He eventually drew his hand downwards and over his chin, and looked up at Sherlock again after rolling his eyes. “That was Sherlock-speak for-”
Sherlock nodded, and their smiles faded as their gazes held. John found that he couldn’t tear his eyes away, and his body froze when he felt Sherlock’s hand at his waist.
“I’ve never been quite so aware of my heart,” Sherlock admits, sotto voce. “It feels like it’s about to burst out of my chest. Is this normal?”
“However you want,” John said, taking a final small step to bring him face to face with Sherlock. “I hope we can still be friends, and flatmates. But maybe we can also be more.”
It was a warm night, but being that it was mid-week they had the place almost to themselves. They both naturally gravitated towards the pier ahead of them, and walked out towards the end in relative silence as the sounds of the town behind them faded with the rolling waves beneath. John took a moment to look around. It was dark out there, but the stars above them were out and Sherlock was -
“I came here in the hopes of a nice, relaxing holiday, and now we’re naked on a beach and trying to get up close to
“Holy fuck!” came out a lot louder seconds later as Sherlock unabashedly gripped at the waistband of his pants and pushed them down, and John quickly reciprocated. His hands lingered over the curve of Sherlock bottom as he did away with the man’s dark pants, and the two men found themselves very naked and very turned on and very much rubbing up against each other rather shamelessly a moment later.
“No you’re not,” John interrupted him, and reached for the newspaper that was lying on a side table. He thumbed through it, not really searching per se as his brain worked, and then tossed it back down. “Is there really a mysteriously-tattooed murderer wandering around?”
“I’ll, um, see you tonight?” Sherlock asked, and although he wouldn’t admit to being desperate about anything, he was pretty intent on needing to know that John would indeed be returning to 221B Baker Street tonight.
They ended up at the nearest pub, and after dinner and dessert and drinks and good conversation, John suggested they wander down to the waterfront and Sherlock quickly agreed. There hadn’t been much overt flirting on either of their parts at dinner, something for which John was strangely grateful, and the awkwardness of the afternoon had blended into a familiar comfortableness over the re-visiting of favourite old adventures and admissions over certain things that neither had let slip before. The fondness they held for each other was blindingly obvious, though, and as they walked John couldn’t help but notice the way their shoulders bumped together and their hands brushed against each other every few steps. Every touch sent a spark through his body, and although he wasn’t quite ready to grab hold of Sherlock’s hand he didn’t exactly put more distance between them either.
was Sherlock up to? Here they were on the Sussex coast, finally taking a break from cases and on a holiday that John had insisted on and Sherlock had only agreed to because of the lure of several bee farms nearby, and now he was being summoned - in the middle of his nap - to a nude beach?
Sherlock cocks his head for a few seconds, processing the information. He’s really good at it when it pertains to other people, but John can see him struggling with it now that it’s about himself.
John chose that moment to press their lips properly together, and Sherlock felt his head thud against the wall behind him as their bodies aligned and his lit on fire. He gasped at his own response, and then at the insistent tongue that licked its way into his open mouth and sent electric shocks to every part of him. He would have to reconsider his transport later. Now was definitely the time to indulge in whatever John Watson wanted.
Sherlock, who has apparently turned all his intuitive energy to focus on John, pulls back ever-so-slightly and takes in his appearance. Then he smiles too, almost shyly, and nuzzles their noses together.
It was more of a statement than a question, and Sherlock made the mistake of taking a deep breath in at the images that the suggestion conjured up in his mind. The air particles that entered into his nose carried with them the distinct scent of John
“Still okay?” Sherlock asked, but it was more joking than anything else, and John was trying to get his offline brain to come up with a witty retort when he heard a very loud and very-obviously-aimed-at-them wolf whistle from not too far off in the distance.
naked people? I swear, this sort of stuff only happens with you, Sherlock.” John closed his eyes in frustration, breathed in deeply, and tried not to grimace.
“I can definitely think of a better place to be distracted,” he offers. “Somewhere a little warmer, perhaps?”
His focus rose, ever-so-slowly and regretfully, upwards along the trail of hair to his friend’s navel, and further still across the broad, pale plains of his torso and chest and, finally, up the long exposed neck and over familiar sharp cheekbones until he landed on Sherlock’s eyes… eyes that sparkled with some sort of mirth in their deep, multi-coloured depths.
“Tonight,” John confirmed, and the look on his face was so joyful and so fond that Sherlock wanted to march right back into the room and barricade the two of them inside.
The second text notification sounded as John was climbing out of the taxi. He looked around as he dug his phone out of his jeans pocket. The parking lot was secluded, surrounded by tall brush and shrub, and there was a sandy trail just ahead of him that presumably led down towards the water.
Then, suddenly, Sherlock was shifting, and one of the bedside lamps clicked on. John blinked at the sudden brightness, but Sherlock was back a second later and kissing him into acquiescence.
heart struggling between affection and rage. This man, this imposter-who-wasn’t-really-one, had bested him at his own game and that irked him. But there was one more thing that he simply didn’t understand.
Then he remembered the - now undoubtedly smashed - sandwich and apple in the bag and shook it again for good measure.
“Yeah, it doesn’t feel so good to be called out on something, does it?” John added for emphasis. He was right pissed off at having being exposed, literally and figuratively, like that.
“I see.” John eyed him thoughtfully for a second. Then, “Well, come on in.” He turned to usher Sherlock into the small office beyond, and shut the door quietly behind them. Sherlock eyed the small desk with computer and chair, and once again struggled with how to stand while John seemed unnervingly comfortable.
The chilly late-winter wind whipped through the overcast streets of London, and Sherlock Holmes tugged his scarf a little bit tighter around his neck as he hurried out of the tube station. His left hand held a brown paper bag, and in his right was his phone. He glanced down at the screen, although he had memorized the address long before he’d left 221B Baker Street some twenty minutes ago. It wasn’t too far now… just a left, and a right across the road, a hundred metres down and….
"Half. I have the commissioner breathing on my neck over this... You can't just go about tearing Westminster’s walls, Sherlock!"
" ‘s ok if you do." Sherlock utter, barely coherent. He knew he liked pain (would not be in his line of work if he didn’t) and he had experimented with it before. A little roughness had always been a welcoming sensation to the whole nasty business of wanking off, but now it would just serve him to delay his orgasm for a little bit, which was great because he was almost there already.
- ...you sure? - his voice weavers as he asks. John feels as lost as Sherlock, maybe even more. Sherlock answer by lowering his body himself, forcing it down, and mutters “of course” through locked teeth.
grab on walls and being generally cruel and an arsehole. It was like he blamed people (John) for not being able to use his hands, even if he had broken them being an idiot in a suspect chase and jumping over concrete walls.
"Fuck you Sherlock!" John began do squirm under him, legs and arms and hot living body parts all around...
The time after that one, Sherlock was hurt. Nothing major, just some stitches on his back. John was sewing the gash back together while they sat at the edge of the bathtub, both smelling like gun power and sweat. In Sherlock’s case, also blood, copious amongs of it.
"This… shouldn’t happen again." John said, barely a murmur, just when Sherlock was beginning to feel more sticky then satisfied.
When a soap commercial made Sherlock grown in frustration, John got up and went to his room, and came back a moment later with a box of tissues and a bottle of tea tree oil.
" ...Yes." Sherlock managed, between teeth, his knees shaking already. His orgasm was building fast, and he didn’t want to make a mess in the wallpaper, and he felt it was the polite thing to try to warn John, but the part of his mind that was preoccupied with those things had lost contact with his language centers, apparently. "J-John, I… ah…"
Sherlock didn’t protest, choosing to just fish a tissue and rub it on the spot on the linoleum floor enough that no visible drops were still there. He couldn’t do much with just the tip of his fingers, but it was good enough for Mrs. Hudson to not realize what that strange spot was.
"I’ll do it. I don’t mind. It's obvious how much it affects you... your mind, I don't know. You only get like this when you can't think, and you don't thrust anyone with it." John had an embarrassed look on his face, like he was afraid to admit something he was good at it and sound arrogant. "I'm your least horrible option in a difficult situation, and it's fine. But I need you to tell me what it is that you need, exactly."
Lots of things had happened, and Sherlock, as smart and as brilliant as he was, wasn’t sure of what John was talking about.
"Don't flatter yourself John!" Sherlock spit, anger and humiliation mixing to the point were he could barely stand the heat of his own face. He was horny, yes, and John was making it worse by being so fuckable (not that Sherlock dig that, he didn't dig anything), but he didn't have to loose the last niff of his dignity admitting that to John. "I would get reactions to a piece of stake at this point."
Sherlock didn’t got to the end of the phrase as John’s hand came suddenly to his lap to unzip the now strained front of his pants. His cock plopped out obscenely, partially visible by the sheerness of his white underwear. John wasn’t looking at him, he was very fixated on the video, and that was definitely not the hand he was used to use on those activities (Sherlock was sitting by his left, their knees pressed together), but when his palm made an upwards press against his clothed prick, Sherlock had to summon a lot of self control to not whine.
John audibly swallowed and swore something Sherlock couldn’t make up under his breath and then he turned to look back at Sherlock, but not at his face. Down.
what John was about to get him! And he sincerely didn't believe he was going to get it without even a beat first. It was even easier this time because he was wearing pajama bottoms, and they hadn't been fighting, which meant that this time Sherlock had a few neurons to spare to pay attention.
Sherlock didn’t particularly wanted to look, not now when he was so pissed at himself, the day, John mother-henning him, breakable bones… he started the shower and let the hot water run down his head, washing away the thick of the blood and ashes, but then he felt John enter the shower behind him and he turned over and oh!
"I’m… Please, don’t, Sherlock… don’t stop that...Sherlock, god, so good… Sherl--" It was a string of senseless words, punctuated by “Sherlock”s, and John would close his eyes but always open them again to look at him, say his name.
As if on cue, the couple overthrown the blond man on the bed and the girl sat on his face while the boyfriend lowered himself to get a mouth on the other man’s penis. Sherlock was utterly uninterested until he looked back at John and saw the reaction. John was staring unblinking at the video, dilated pupils and erection beginning to grow again. He wasn’t touching himself, but he wanted, and suddenly Sherlock wanted him to want it, wanted to see John touching himself, even if it was by looking a cheap camerawork and cheap pornography. Sherlock invented a half baked excuse on his brain of why it would be good to know where John’s weakness lies but it was unbelievable even to himself. It was that thing again, that wish to see the man loose it… maybe so they would be equal in shame? Sherlock didn’t know, but he continued.
betray him again. But he could barely admit it to himself, and sure as hell would not let John Watson know about it! Well... if he could stop the man, that is.
