, makes him feel invincible. He huffs a sigh, watches Steve’s eyes catch on his chest, smothers a smile.
He stopped, moved from her again, and seemed quite embarrassed. He was more in love with her than Antonia supposed, and who can say how it might have ended, if not for him stopping, laughing to himself, “I must go.” He spoke, soft, kissing her knuckles, before leaving the room and Antonia’s confusion with it.
“Potomac Hill!” she breathed, eyes devouring the page before her, “I hear you can see for miles!”
“Captain Rogers, if I could ask a favour I would be most grateful.”
. I could sense your happiness from miles away. And, if nothing else, the fact your jumper has fallen down and shows your very healthy and stable mark on your neck says you’ve met someone of
His eyes burn as his brain taunts him with the alternate scenario where he could have been there to take Clint’s weight.
" Tony cries exasperatedly. And you'd think this would make the receptionist back down, but no.
“Tony will pull through this.”
To dislike a young man, simply for being of a different disposition from himself, was unlike the liberal and intelligent mind she was always used to from him. His high opinion was one she valued overmuch because he never put stock into anything incorrect, but now she was not so sure. She had never believed for a moment it could make him unjust to the merit of another.
“Oh but only perhaps one or two more. In particular one for Mr. Hammer! Poor Mr. Hammer – you like him mother – we must find him a wife. He has been here a whole year and what a shame for him to be single much longer. I will do him such a service.”
The Captain did not change his outfit, no, much worse, he only unbuttoned the waistcoat and with that, showed that the white fabric of his tunic was quite flimsy, if the shy glimpses of the Captains muscles shifting with every step could attest to it. Thor faked a smile as he pushed the choking Frandal back and leapt forward to welcome the Soldier.
Steve continued to shift uncomfortably in his new clothes as the rest of the Avengers stared at each other silently, measuring one another until the Doctor shrugged and suggested “Higher death poll?”
“We’ll take care of him… Together”
“Unfailingly, until death do us part”
Steve pursed his lips in thought as he looked down at this Brother in Law for a long moment, as if debating something important before his eyes flickered towards the remaining slices of pie on the coffee table. “Ok, I give. What was wrong with the pie?”
The Captain balked “No.”
Thor gave him a proud grin “I do.”
That dream…
“This is a disaster” Thor becried in despair “It is wrong, it cannot happen, this thrice dammed hammer has doomed us.” He let a sobbing breath go, face twisted in a hateful sneer “I curse it, I curse the foul thing.”
He would have to remember to spend some time with his Mother tomorrow, to thank her for her unfailing way of sweet wording and quite possibly, saving his hide from divorce. Thor cuddled into the Soldier’s chest, holding him close as the day’s uncertainty and fear left his body relaxed and pliant.
“A pleasure to finally meet you, your Highness” Steven bowed gracefully, his posture perfect and his figure so very comely in that strange, regal attire. Thor’s mouth had ran dry at the first sight of him, and now, he was grateful for the Director’s tactless greeting, for it had given him the time to regain his sense and wit.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I thought we were cheating”
The Master cleared his throat primly and stated: “I will take him”
Barton gaped at the oblivious Soldier and the smilingly, doting God before groaning loudly and surrendering his winnings to the smirking woman.
“If things turn south in there” Fury announced, dipping a hand to his dark leather coat “And I don’t make it out of that room, I want you to send the signal.”
“Oh, you mean this little thing? What part of All Seeing is not getting to you motherfuckers?”
The Captain released the Hammer but kept his hand in the air symbolically, calling still to the bond and soon, those ham-fisted caresses of his soul were back and Thor gave him a watery grin full of tender emotion.
“Well, lets drink and be merry for the coming nuptials of our future king and his so very lovely consort” Volstagg offered, raising yet another tankard of ale, ripping Thor of his dark thoughts as he lifted his own drink with a loud cheer, even Frandal forgetting his jealous laments to join the toast.
They swung and feinted at each other, Steven growing more and more confident with every stroke of his sword and every strike he could halt, Sif in turn, glowed with pride as the Captain managed to trap her sword with his in an unshakable clasp of metals.
“He’s got a point…” The Doctor quipped around a long drink of his mead, his dark eyes shining with the influence of the hard beverage, smiling under the astounded looks of the other parties. Loose and relaxed as he never is in the presence of others, the man smiled connivingly “I’m just saying, my brain wasn’t paying all the bills”
“Good night, Thor” Steve calmly responded, sitting still in the plush loveseat with a small smile on his face as the door to the side of his room slammed open, reveling a furious Fury on its threshold. His eye scanned the empty room minusiously until it finally landed on the too innocent looking Captain in the room.
“What are you doing here Mr. Stark?” Senator Stern glared resentfully.
Really eager to read your thoughts on this, lots of plot in this one, let's see how much we catch on to no?
Steven tutted and sighed, cutting their song short and falling to a comfortable silence. Both men relishing the feel of the other in their arms in the clearing marrow of a truly wonderful day.
Steven bit his lips to stop the noises that threatened to come, his face scarlet even in the dark room.  Thor could not hold it any longer, he broke.
Thor’s eyes widened at this, even Frigga showed an uncharacteristic bemusement at her husband’s order. Odin remained unaware, or perhaps not, as his smile widened to a terrifying grin. “That should be enough to pacify the most reluctant members of the council, if they are not all dead by then”
A bit of pouting was in fact, quite a show of restrain from his part.
“Yesterday, Asgard saw its first prisoner escape in all her history” Odin proclaimed from his seat, his voice hard and emotionless as it sweped over his people. Thor curled his hands into tight fists to hide the shaking “Not only did Malekith the Dark manage to disappear” More gasps, a shared, furtive look with the Captain. Odin spoke on “But our Queen, Frigga, Mother of Gods, was put in death’s path.”
“Yes, Steven?”
Thor, on the other hand, had had to remain seated most of the meeting just to conceal the effects of the Captains new wardrobe on his body. Dressed in flattering shades of blues, the man was a feast for the eyes.
The Head Mistress swallowed thickly and nodded her assent “Yes, my prince.”
“No offence was taken, Man of Iron”
Asgards great halls buzzed with tension, filled to the brim with Asgardian nobles and peasants alike. A veritable lynching waiting to happen. Thor fought to stop himself from fidgeting as he strode along the long hall, his brother and Husband surrounded by the All Father’s personal guard who had come to fetch Loki for his trial. Steven’s unshaking resolve to accompany Loki and stand by him during his judgment, even under the guards’ protest, giving Thor the strength to face his fears. And surprisingly, Odin’s loyal guards acceded with very little objections to the Captain’s will, even against the King’s orders.
That is a thing most would never understand: Freedom could weight just as much as chains.
“Go!” Steve shouted with a grunt “Frigga go now!”
Thor swallowed and kept his silence. Master Bragi nodded to himself, for they both knew the answer. He would not.
“Now that we are all acquainted” Thor drowsed with a wicked grin “who would like to go first?”
I hope you guys enjoy this chapter, it was really emotional to write and maybe I went overboard with the melodrama? Anyways, let me know your thought, I always try to answer you all as fast as I can, I love reading your opinions on this fic. Chatting with you guys is my favorite part of this whole thing. Kudos!
Thor nodded, shifting on his feet some more “Good, Good.”
The people ran, cries of terror rising as lightning struck Times Square.
“Aye, and I meant every word” Thor assured his Husband, smiling calmly as he explained “but Steven, this is tradition. “
“I’m sure things will work out with Jane, Point Break” Stark assured him, his calloused hand patting his own in weak strokes, still mostly under the influence of the strong sedatives of the surgical room “You’re gorgeous, she’ll forgive you anything with a bit of time”
Thor pouted more aggressively in response. If Loki had a problem with that he could very well go and- Oh, who was Thor trying to fool? The blond God sighed and rolled onto his stomach. If it weren’t for his brother bursting into his wedded room where Steven had left him in a sea of guilt and regret, he would have already devolved into a weeping ball of lying filth.
Here is the next chapter! I'm sorry for the long wait, my mental health took a dive and I was not fit for anything really. I really appretiate all of you who reviewed asking after me and who worried, I am fine now and will try to go back to writing, health permitting.
The Captain sat in contemplative silence; his voice so very small coming from a man so grand “I don’t know how to let go”
Steve turned abruptly to the man standing in the threshold of the Council rooms. Tall and imposing, his golden armor gleaming in the soft light of the cloudy Swiss sky and eyes like hell fire.
“That was a joke” Steven defended, eyes sharp and unflinching.
Thor grinned lasciviously, coming closer to loom over the Captain’s workstation. “Really? tell me more of these modern songs, Husband.”
“Ronan doesn’t mean to just destroy Asgard” Gamora continued, voice clear and beseeching “he wants to humiliate them, he plans to take the sir-Captain America for himself…”
The Captain continued in a harried voice “What would you call a four legged, horned, furry thing; maybe say 8 or nine feet tall, foul breath and
Steven handed Hogun his blades and straightened his clothes as best he could, nodding his goodbyes to the weary Warriors and Lady as he joined Thor and together, they were escorted to the Throne room and to his awaiting Father.
He slowly pulled the tiniest baseball cap to ever exist, with a small depiction of an Iron Man helmet with a diamond pacifier and the words “I am Iron Baby” printed in bold letters on the front.
“Yeah, no” Steven replied “Clint sent me a memorandum down at Shield headquarters, my address has been changing for a while, to be honest”
They both walked forward to greet the woman, Bruce with a shaky smile and Steve with a careful handshake and a softly uttered “Ma’am”
The Soldier admitted with a slight curl of his lips “For a while, he was all I had. And that was everything. I don’t know what it is, I don’t think…” Steven’s voice broke at the end, eyeing the silent God sadly as he confessed “He kissed me, once. Before coming to Asgard, I couldn’t return it. I don’t feel like I can
“Through the mouth?!” The Goddess cried “You could have lost your head to it’s jaws!”
Had Odin not said that the Worthy One was a priced hero? Is this how they praise their warriors? Did these mortals understand what being worthy of the Gods truly meant?
Thor and Steve are little shits, everyone thinks they're bangging, enjoy!
“Are you well, Captain?” Heimdall questioned, his golden eyes boring into the Soldiers confused ones with something akin to intrigue.
Pepper smiled “And I love you, Iron Man”
Steve pinched his eyes and took a moment to just breathe, trying to erase the daunting images this day had brought, sure that he would be dreaming of this for the following nights. Just another horror to pile on to the Holocaust.
“There are Gods left in Midgard”
“Argh, you little-“Thor grunted as he doubled over in pain, gripping the pillow tighter, the God shoved it in his brother’s smug face and
Master Bragi nodded thoughtfully “That she has. Her service has been beyond reproach for thousands of years… Until last night.”
“My boy” Odin sobbed, shaking as Frigga pulled his large frame into her loving arms “Frigga, my baby boy.”
“Do we have any clothes here?” Steven asked, covered only by a fluffy towel hanging low on his slim hips. Thor licked his lips as he sat in his loincloths, waiting for his turn in the baths after ripping his dress to strips in his pursuit of the Captain; unabashed in his near nakedness and enjoying the slow flush rising in his husbands’ fair skin at the scrutiny.
Soon, Thor found himself way over his head, as the soldier began to use his own body like a climbing post, not unlike the Black Widow had. But with the harrowing strength of a bilgesnipe.
“About time you got yourself a life” She joked, her bright eyes twinkling with emotion.
Steven jolted near violently, eyeing the God with wide, fretting cerulean orbs “Wait, you said last night…”
Steve tried to speak when a sizzling and gurgling sound next to his feet alerted him to the Beast’s, Algrim, awakening.
Loki smiled in deep contentment. “Aye, there are”
Thor sighed and turned to his silent husband, also keeping watch on the door though his eyes shone fierce with purpose. “Thank you, Steven… For caring for my wayward brother.”
“Thor, please.” Steven pleaded, voice soft and hoarse as the God’s hands became more urgent, near violent in his passion and began to undress him.
“You killed a Bilgesnipe”
The archer jumped out of seat in an eager leap “Screw that! Do you know how much college tuition costs?” And with a fluid and incredibly sensual flex of muscled, coiled strength, Barton ripped his shirt off his well-tuned torso “I’m billing my babies through Harvard tonight!”
“Master Bragi” Frigga interjected with a stern look to her jubilant son “You do understand that if you agree, you will dedicate yourself entirely to him. You will teach no other for centuries, perhaps to the end of your life… He will be your legacy”
Thor did not receive a chair, and he had the fleeting, disparaging thought, that he dearly hoped his Father was not watching this moment. Then the world flipped and spun as he was irreverently slammed face first into the mat. The little breath he had managed to catch, punched out of him in a pitiful wheeze.
How do you fight when the enemy wears the face of a friend? How do you win when what you need to do is lay your hands to rest instead of punching back?
Thor nodded decisively “It is our bedding rituals, we cannot leave yet.”
As they joined their companions by the camp site, giving small greetings to the Asgardians and going about to setting their meal, Thor pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek and entered the large tent where Frandal rested. The Soldier watched him go with a somber gaze, turning back to help Hogun with the spread of bread and cheeses.
“Forgive me, Steven” She smiled weakly, accompanying him to the Royal halls, hand maidens tagging along like simpering ducklings as they passed the golden doors “I have duties to attend to this afternoon. But here, you will need this in case the fevers return.”
He ran out of bullets and threw the rifle at the head of one of the metal giants, barely knocking at the thing as it fired liberally at the tanks that surrounded them.
Thor turned to the Head Mistress with a sheepish expression, feeling her hard gaze on him like a physical blow.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s hand flinched and he sputtered, almost ruining the signature. He blushed and glared.
Loki jeered happily “Yes, goodnight Thor.”
“Oh Thor, shush!” Frigga reprimanded, but placed a loving hand to his arm. Thor preened under his mother’s attentions, noticing the bemused eye of his Father and the gapping of the early birds of the court.
Loki breathed in Thor’s essence into his body, melded it with his sedir, knitting a tight suit of illusion around himself as his lithe, pale limbs morphed to thick and gold. His ebony locks were showered in sunlight. As he stood over his brother’s unconscious form, now covered in a spell to resemble his own likeliness Loki frowned at the unseemly sprawl of his body on the stone floor. Not even in unconsciousness could the gigantic oaf display a modicum of grace.
Frigga watched her son go with her heart in her throat, aching for the trust her boy bestowed on her and she would betray irreparably this very day. Turning to the sleep rumpled and flushed Captain, Frigga smiled and placed a gentle hand on the man’s knee.
Not a silly spar, hand to hand horsing around with friends. He literally smacked down an omniscient being.
Sif was an unending fountain of Sass, and in Steven, she had found her match.
The little bastard had the nerve to laugh through it all until Hogun and Volstagg managed to rip him from Thor’s ever tightening grip. The warrior coughed as he massaged his abused neck.
But Steve couldn’t look away, standing in dumbfounded silence as the Asgardians tip toed around him while setting hundreds of art supplies around the many surfaces of the already obscenely extravagant room.
Steven turned his bright smile to the redhead and gamely held his hand out for another match, blue eyes sharp as daggers as he curled his fingers around the giant’s large palm.
Loki brought a fist to his chest, making Steven’s face slack with wonder as his tender blue eyes gaze to the skies, voice deep and low with open devotion “God bless
The Thing let out a screech of pain before taking hold of the handle and ripping the sword out in a splash of ink black blood. Steve grimaced as some of it hit his face and silently prayed it wasn’t acid like in the Alien movies Tony had made him watch. When the liquid didn’t melt his face off, he exhaled in relieve. Taking in the Beast now climbing to its feet, one arm hanging uselessly to the side and bloody sword held in an angry grip.
Thor stiffened in his seat, his heart hammering away in his chest as he heard the echo of his intuition come from his betrotheds’ mouth, the link he was beginning to perceive and cherish in his soul mirrored in this man. Steven smiled that earnest, wholehearted smile of his as he confessed in sweet low tones.
“Fret not Steven” Thor hurried to reassure, his other hand coming up to gently cup the handsome face of the Captain, pulling him close to meet his searching gaze “It is yet too soon to say it, and it may never be so, if you do not wish for it as well.”
Thor was instantly awake as he marched forward to the balcony.
“Do not underestimate the Titan.”
Jane pursed her kiss swollen lips and smiled tightly. “I can’t do it, Thor. I can’t”
“You released the prisoners” Odin barked, pulling Frigga up with him and away from the heaving from of his disgraced son. “You led them here”
“W-wh-where did you learn
That wouldn’t do.
“Tony? As in Iron man?!”
It took a second, but her arms came up and around his quacking shoulders, rubbing him gently, holding him just so. He pressed a kiss to her sternum, where his favorite constellation of freckles lived. He nuzzled them lovingly, dipping his head and pressing an adoring kiss bellow her left breast, there were her heartbeat pounded the hardest. The closest he would ever be to kissing her beautiful heart.
“You ask of me an alliance, which I have offered freely before, as my protection that has extended from my father and his father before him, when Earth was but an ambitious pond struggling to sprout life, Asgard has protected you, soundly enough that you remained oblivious to the worlds beyond your own. You ask of me an apology!”
Steve sighed when he caught himself doing it again. Sam had told him it wasn’t healthy, having conversations with imaginary dead friends. Not good for copping. Steve rubbed a weary hand to his face before crossing his arms over his chest, in an almost sheltering pose.
“He really hit you with my hammer?”
The redhead nodded noncommittedly as she stashed away her bounty in her coat “It’s dirty money, they’ll understand.”
“Uh, Captain… he’s already on the ground”
“You know” Tony said, entering the conference room where Captain America sat alone with his thoughts “my dad used to spout all this nonsense about you when I was a kid….” The Captain raised his soulful, searching eyes to him, and Tony struggled to keep his mind on track “About how wholesome you were, how good. I used to think it was all a sack of bull; no one can be that perfect.” Tony paused, eyeing the Captain thoughtfully “Looks like I was wrong.”
With another mighty pound of his Staff, his power cracking and bursting forth in a thick black, sentient string that weaved and spun in the air. Just as Frigga cried out to the All Father, the cord struck Loki’s mouth with a gush of vibrant ruby.
“I do not know this Captain, I owe him nothing.” Drax said, affronted by the statement, making Quill bristle.
“Aye, I am here, all is fine…” The God caressed his hands over Steven’s cool skin and smiled softly “You were tossing horribly, what ever have you dreamt of?”
Steven wheezed, releasing the tightly coiled shoulders as he descended to body jolting laughter, bending in half, hand pressed to his chest as if it were to keep his heart from shaking out of his chest with the convulsing cackles. Loud and free, ringing like cheerful bells in the night. Steven laughed himself silly.
Steve frowned to himself. Well they were both consenting adults. It was nobody’s business but their own!
“I thought you said no one had seen us!” Quill hissed at Drax, who had been the look out as they had slithered into the palace: assuring them of his near invisibility in non-motion. Drax opened his mouth to reply when a booming voice echoed in the now locked hallway. A proud, Dark man appearing out of thin air before the alarmed group.
“I will” Gamora said, for once bringing out the courage she should have had, the loyalty she felt but had not shown, Gamora extended her hand for her sister to take, palms meeting between the unbreakable bars of Asgards prisons. The woman smiled wetly to the cyborg “I promise, I will.”
“Not in that direction” Loki spoke, his soft voice startling Steve out of his conflicted search and almost pulling him out of his introspection. “Odin chained my powers to you” The dark god reminded him, gentle as he was wont to be and his invisible touch jingled the link, drawing the Soldier’s attention towards it “Take it”.
Thor lost the war with his conscious self and crawled lightly into the bed, his wanton eyes ravaging the sensuous lines of his betrothed and gently, Thor dared to touch.
After they had arrived to the camping place, a nice, clear plane just meters away from the ocean and the planet’s end, the sight was incredible and had taken Steve a long while to stop gaping at the view and remember his manners and get off the cart to greet the other Asgardians already present.
Aye, maybe it is worse, to have almost all your heart desires. Almost.
Steve grinned at the pair and nodded. “Yeah, just daydreaming”
It took a second, but Steven even in his most blazing fury, was not a cruel man. The Captain took a loving hand to the God’s pale face. Caressing the fussy beard, a thumb skimming over a sharp cheekbone and wiping away the traitorous moisture that gathered, a secret among lovers in the midst of a venomous crowd.
Steven nodded and pursed his lips tightly “Does he know?”
Her son squirmed some more, his inner battle with childhood trauma and his duty to his… husband, wagging for a long moment. Eventually he pursed his lip and squared his wide shoulders. “I shall stay with him. I have given him my word”
“Language” Steven barked, with the immediate response of the Widow, to shout: “Punch him in the Dick!”
The All Father sighed at his forlorn son “We may not always like the paths to peace, but ultimately, peace must outweigh it all. You are a good man, Thor.” The God of Thunder rose his head in a jolt, amazed by the tender admission of his usually stoic Father, who smiled proudly to his Heir “ And one day, you will grow to be a good King, as well…”
“Aye, I was” Sif answered, vague and noncommitting, cursing herself inwardly for not simply laying her truths bare to Steven, who had no more fault in her turmoil than simply being himself. She saw the man purse his lips and nod.
“Thor!” Steven called in alarm, his trembling hands coming to halt the God’s swift fingers. His beautiful blue eyes shinning like precious gems in the dark of their bedroom, his breathing coming in short fits and blushing furiously with uncertain want.
, was so very well received, perhaps the main reason being how well Captain Rogers curried favour with those invited. He was a popular man, strongly admired by Highbury for speaking to everyone on the same footing, and for the work he’d put into his own inheritance, never one to shy away from hard graft.
” Steve is shocked, the weight of Tony’s confession hanging between them. And Tony stares at him now, eyes filled with a sadness that unmans Steve in the face of it. He turns to leave as the silence stretches out in front of them.
“Oh I see! God’s business. God’s business who he only just regards higher than the ladies Stark. How very civil. Civil indeed.”
“Whaddya mean, what do I think?” Steven rumbles in reply. It’s like boulders crashing, like a wave breaking across Tony’s calves, foaming around his ankles. He wants to swim in it, wants to feel it against his ears, wants to hear it over and over again. Tony
“Fine, Clint’s sporting a lovely purple bruise across his back. Bastards had
So when the metal goes through his stomach, he has a brief moment of “so that’s what it feels like to die” and smiles at Tony who has flipped his visor up and is shouting something that Steve cannot hear over the roaring in his ears, not even really aware that blood is pouring out his mouth, before the world goes dark.
“Tony – Tony” he can’t do anything else but repeat his lover’s name, like he’s praying to a higher power. He feels hands across his skin, light and slow, providing a lodestar in the midst of the havoc of his mind. It clears slowly, and looking up at Tony smiling at him is like looking directly at the sunrise, like dawn breaking across his back.
“Upon my honour, it does not have the smallest degree of connection with the Captain Rogers.”
“Miss Romanov!” Antonia cries, “I’m so pleased to see you. May I introduce my friend, Virginia Potts.” Pepper makes short work of a curtsy, Natasha nodding and offering a semblance of a smile, and they all take their places in the small room, giving Antonia’s mind time to work.
So instead of finding herself in all sorts of mischief with her new companion, she found herself at home instead, perched on the chaise by her content mother, staring at the back of Steven’s head.
Tony laughs, “Hit me with your best.” He says, and Steve reaches forward to push the door open, daring to place his hand in the small of Tony’s back.
Steve is suddenly all too aware of how much skin he has bared in contrast to Tony still almost fully clothed. He’s gorgeously rumpled nonetheless, and Steve reaches forward for the bottom of his T-shirt with grabby hands.
“I do hope you are talking of Miss Potts cold. We are all aware of the danger.” Mr. Hammer interjects, placing himself in the middle of Mrs. Marvel and Antonia on the chaise. It causes him to brush up close beside her, and his hand brushes her leg in a way that, if she wasn’t still clinging on to the hope he would be good for Virginia, would have caused Antonia to cause a scene something ferocious. She saw, out of the corner of her eye, Steven grow antsy, and feign a need for fresh air. Oh how she wished she could join him than stay here under Mr. Hammer’s mounting inappropriate affections!
“Oh my GOD” Steve slumps forward with his head in his hands, “you guys are the worst.”
She sits like a ghost, moonlight painting her grey and otherworldly. Sadness hangs over her like a cloud. “You met them then?”
“Tony…” Steve begs, and Tony hangs up before he can hear anything else.
Tony slides over to let Steve carve out a space beside him, still sleep drunk, when Steve replies, “You never have to feel embarrassed around me, Tony.”
“And this, I suppose,” she starts, waving the letter around so that the wax seal glinted off the light of the roaring fire, “will have nothing to do with how Steve appeared this morning to me, hair askew and coat flying out behind him like some Regency hero.”
“Hold on,
“Turnabouts fair play,” Bucky shrugs, and just like that the atmosphere relaxes enough that Steve feels he can breathe again, “want a cup pouring Stark?” He asks, and goes to grab the pitcher of beer that sits in the middle of the table. They’ve obviously gone ahead and already ordered the AVNG special - “a shitload of everything” (Clints words, not anyone else’s, but it stuck)
“Not a walk in the rain, I should imagine.”
“I must not hope to be ever situated as you are, in the midst of every dearest connection, and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters. Certainly letters of friendship.”
Antonia’s mother nodded slowly, as though she wasn’t quite sure of whether her response was actually needed for the woman to continue on with no sign of stopping. Antonia perched on the edge of a seat, ready to run at a moment’s notice and looking toward Steven stood at the window. Rolling her eyes at the man and mouthing the words ‘help me’ simply had Steven silently laughing and shaking his head.
“You will come back. I think we have impressed you, although you were not suspecting to like us I’m sure to begin with!” he huffed a chuckle at that.
But Steven did have a cheerful and pleasant manner that hid a sickeningly dry delivery of humour that had all those around him reaching for their sides in laughter, and as such was highly sought after and respected within town.
Antonia struck any thought of her knowing which way this conversation would turn, clearly she was a fool, “Never marry! – This is a new resolution.”
“Yes,” said Bruce, slowly, with some slyness, “He seems to have a
As a general rule, Tony’s appearance at Stark Manor only leads to heartache and bruises. It’s par for the course that his next visit is the same.
“Are you with us, darling?” Tony says quietly, soft enough that their companions don’t hear. Not that it would matter, Maria is engaged in a heated battle of Uno with Bucky, Sarah, Happy and Jarvis. Uno is deadly serious in Maria Stark's apartment, a matter of life or death, and no idle sweet nothings shared between her son and his intended will distract her from victory.
When they fuck it is tinged with a dirty desperation. Steve is rough, greedy and everywhere at once. Tony, who before had been begging for Steve to mark him hard enough for him to feel it for days, finds himself completely thrown. Steve doesn’t fuck around with his strength, too worried that he could misjudge his strength in the heady veil of lust. He likes to have Tony spread for him, keening, sometimes keeping him at the edge for what feels like years before letting Tony fall over the other side.
. “I’m so proud of you, ma. After everything - I'm just glad to see you working again.”
Most of the time Antonia’s invite went unused, since whilst she’d like to claim Steve was
"Yes." he says, voice clipped, "just the one, for one night. We won't need longer."
. I feel like I can feel you in my throat.” Steve can only make a noise of surprised arousal, not sure why he’s even shocked. Of course his perfect beautiful man would be filthy mouthed in bed, its like he was made for Steve.
If Captain Rogers did not begin seriously, he was obliged to proceed so, for his proposal was caught at with delight. An invite to Donwell was as prestigious as an invite to Hartfield, and twice as scarce. Donwell was famous for its strawberry beds, and Mrs. Hammer could not stop her mouth running away with her.
He smiled, looking out to where Miss Romanov continued to trudge toward Highbury, “I do not think it safe for Miss Romanov to walk alone.”
They walked together through the common, Antonia accompanying Jarvis on his weekly purchase of small items Hartfield required. In truth, she just wished for someone to echo back to her and approve her musings and concerns. For clearly the idea of Captain Rogers and Miss Romanov was most fanciful indeed.
“No, no.” Mr. Barton seems to shake himself from whatever thought he was pursuing, “It will be Mr. Murdock.”
Steven takes her hand, wrapping it up around his arm, before staring at her so seriously she feels she should reach forward and tidy the errant hairs framing her face, “I can very well imagine.” Voice husky.
What he doesn’t imagine is Tony grabbing a hold of his shirt again and speaking fast “Thanks Steve. For everything.”
” Steve speaks now, voice firm and loud cutting across the general madness of the room, “because I am getting laid. On the regular. By my boyfriend. He’s the one doing the … laying. I’m dating Tony Stark.”
“Steve?” Tony asks, and Steve snaps himself out of the reverie he’s shook himself into, grabs what he needs, and swarms back to the bed. He vows to himself, furiously and solemnly, that if this is it. If this is his only chance to have this, that he will make Tony shake apart so thoroughly he’ll at least remember Steve fondly.
“I said I don’t want to talk about it. Get to work everyone.” He barks, and the room goes silent. Steve doesn’t often dictate, happy to let his team work miracles in the free rein he gives them. He strides past them and steps into his office, swinging the door shut behind him and falls into his chair with a groan.
“They are protective over you.” Tony muses, “it’s nice to have people like that.”
"Well Steve, I'll definitely be seeing you." Tony grins, holding out his hand for a handshake that lasts a beat too long to be polite, rubbing his thumb over Steve's wrist that has Steve holding in a shudder, and turning Tony's smile into something more primal. Tony steps back and Steve already misses the extra warmth, following the man's exit from the coffee shop with hooded eyes (and he can swear that Tony puts an extra sway into his step as he leaves).
And whilst neither have ever done this before, the movements are as old as time, Steve hardwired to begin to shallowly thrust, let Tony get used to the feel of him, before lust driven urgency has him speed up, lean back and pull Tony’s right leg up to hitch on his shoulder, watch Tony’s eyes blow wide at the sensation.
“So what are you guys talking about?” Tony curses his inability to sound anything like an insecure ten year old twirling her pigtails in the playground in front of her crush.
repetitively.
She thankfully brushed past him as he stood in the centre of the room as she spoke, to light candles in the corners of the drawing room. It meant Steven could wrestle the thoughts that must be as clear as day across his face back into the shadows.
But he looks at Steve’s face, sees it finally quirking into a sad smile that steals his breath out his lungs, and finds it difficult to care.
"He's not exactly dressed for the evening."
Clint, which forces Fury to make the decision to take Steve off the bench and back out onto the field. A decision he may have been slightly
It’s possibly the weirdest group combination, but they make it work, this little ragtag team of leftovers who bond over the shared determination that this earth has more to give them than it has offered them in the past. And the bond of competitiveness over card games.
The final straw for everyone, he supposes, is when they are dealing with Doctor Doom’s tantrum in lower Manhattan. The Fantastic Four are on holiday, taking some well-deserved rest in Tahiti, and so naturally the Avengers are called in to deal with the madman’s latest invention. Steve seriously doesn’t mean to do it, but when he sees Doom waving around an extension of his arm that
At this moment Clint began talking so vigorously that Antonia could not but imagine he heard his own praises, and did not want to hear more.
juts out between his pectorals, the skin a little angry and red still.
"I want to offer our deluxe penthouse and the assurance that we will be revisiting our policies at a corporate level immediately." Alexander addresses Steve now, who instead of looking insulted has a smug grin that does something wicked to Tony's insides.
“You took your time!” He shouts, trying to be heard over the shrieking wind, and Tony clamps a hand round his own and they fall for a moment in perfect synchronization.
For god’s sake the man’s weapon was a fucking
“I don’t know what I want to ask first.” Steven confesses, “I find I want to know everything about you. What did you think when you first got your soulmark. Who is your best friend. What’s your favourite hobby. Your favourite sports team. What do you -“ Tony stops his train of thought with a finger against Steven’s lips. They part on a sigh, an exhale of breath that flutters against Tony’s hand and makes him shiver.
in her heart she had long thought not only dormant, but inaccessible to her. But she refused to investigate it. She was sorry, but she would not repent, and on she must forge with matchmaking Virginia, and push aside any observations of her own heart.
“Sorry, I don’t know what came over me. That’s not exactly an attractive and healthy thing to admit.”
Coulsons.” Antonia mused later as Pepper and her trudged through the countryside, “I believe her to be even more reserved than I remember. So secretive and unforthcoming. And why would she come stay in Miss. Hill’s
"Yes, Alexander. You are certainly right about that." Tony takes off his glasses, pulls his cap off and nearly rolls his eyes at the theatric gasp of the newly introduced Liam, "now you might not have seen the news but myself and my partner have had an absolute disaster of a day and my house is rubble. Thanks to the charms of overnight contractors it should be in fine shape shortly but instead of making the long drive out to our country house I thought a stay, albeit it in disguise, at my
Steve looks up, hears footsteps echoing down the hallway, and further compounds the idiocy that is his brain by saying something stupid again.
This left her often in trouble within the ton. She had been well educated and, with no firm hand of a father, was never told off for speaking her mind within the household. Unfortunately for those around her, this transferred over into society’s gatherings, unable to resist the temptation of showing those up who think themselves better. Despite the Stark’s family money that always opened doors that would prefer to stay shut, her outspoken and erroneous ways left her wanting for most companionship, and her dance card was often left almost blank, not even the hardiest of bachelors wishing to contend with her wicked tongue. Not that this swayed her.
“Are you here to call on Miss Potts?” Mrs May speaks up before Miss Hill can scold Antonia further, and Antonia is grateful for the interruption.
That seems to be the only word he wants to say, and Steve bents forward from his chair so their foreheads are resting together, and listens patiently as Tony says his name over and over with apparent delight.
She meant to be very happy, in spite of the scene being laid at Mr. Cages, and was pleasantly surprised to see Roger’s carriage at her front door before too long. She could admit to herself, that she had been worried for a moment that he would turn up insisting they ride, and had the carriage on standby just in case that fanciful notion took him. He had a propensity for health, activity and independence that did not allow him to use his carriage very often.
“I cannot satisfy you there, I have yet to see a man more so.” Was Steven’s abrupt answer. And so that is where they left it, this ill-fought truce betwixt them. Steven returned his gaze to young Harriet, and as such Antonia was free now to stare unabashed, bask in his silhouette, and commit the lines of his face to memory as she was used to, and all was right again in Antonia’s world.
. That tends to lead to a road framed by death and heartache, a road full of last minute leave out of pity, of funerals or hospitals. The terror that claws at his throat must show in his eyes, cause Steve presses into his field of vision, into his space. “Oh no darling, I’m sorry. It’s not bad. At least, I hope it’s not bad. It’s good, it’s so wonderfully good. Tony, you, to me, you. You are
“Antonia, is that you?” Maria Stark calls from the room, and with a weary sigh Antonia turns once more and steps in. Steven stands up as she does so, ever the gentleman even now, looking as if meaning to go but not going. He looks on her, and they lock eyes once before Antonia’s gaze scrambles away.
and Miss Romanov.” Antonia retorts, and Steven wishes to believe a little jealousy colours her tone.
“It’s just science!” Bucky shouts, to the guffaws of the groups, “if you are getting laid, you do better work. Universal fact.”
Bucky joins him in another display of perfect lockstep, eyes bright and excitement brimming. Bucky’s always been one with war in his heart, ready to serve at a moments notice. Steve not so much, and violence claws and rips to make greedy space in his mind as he thinks of what’s ahead. Sarah Rogers cries when she hears the news, tries hard to tremble a smile through the tears as though it’s the mark of happiness. Steve knows better. But he’s helpless to do anything but make a deal with the devil and hope it doesn’t swallow him whole.
“Yo Steve what’s up?” Tony’s voice is heavy with slightly manic and rough with exhaustion.
“Miss Stark – if you are at leisure – I have something I should like to tell you – a confession of sorts to give you and then it be over.”
“He once thought our first contact on one mission, codename
“At the
“I confess I have seldom seen such a face or figure more pleasing than hers. But I am a partial old
Antonia was ready for her visitor long before he appeared; but his sorrowful look and total abandonment of usual upbeat spirits was marked. He felt the going away almost too much to speak of it. His dejection was most evident. He sat lost in thought for the first few minutes, and when rousing himself, it was only to say.
Nevertheless, she brushes such thoughts aside, as the bend in the lane ahead of them presents them with a familiar face, “Ah, Virginia, here comes a very sudden trial of our stability in good thoughts. Well, I hope it may be allowed that if compassion to those written of in the novel has produced exertion and relief to us, then it has done as a novel should. If we feel wretched, then the novel has proved its worth.”
“Antonia likes to feel the cleverest in the room, Maria, you know this. She is without a doubt one of the most intelligent people I have ever met, with a mind razor sharp and tone to match. However she will never submit to anything requiring industry and patience. And whilst Virginia is clever, she is Antonia’s inferior and as such will rely on everything Antonia ever says, thinks or does. A flatterer – that is what Virginia poses as a friend, and as such is dangerous to Antonia’s already inflated notion of herself.”
“Steve,” Clint says, voice sombre, “you so do. It’s been years I swear. Let us set you up with someone.”
“I told you.” Mr Marvel spoke excitedly, “I told you all he would be here before the time named.”
that he sees himself his Steve.
I never thought of Miss Potts in the whole course of my existence. If she has fancied otherwise, her own wishes have misled her for who can think of Miss Potts when Miss Stark is near. There is no fickleness of character when I have thought only of you.”
He looked upon the windows, and clapped his hands loudly at what he saw beyond them, “Ah, hold! Let me fetch Miss Hill and Miss Romanov to see what they think!” throwing open the window he shouted and implored them to come up to speak with them, promising it would only take a moment.
When he wanders through to the kitchen he is met by two things. The smell of good, hearty, homemade food that he usually acquaints with Rhodey (never Stark manor). And Steve, unmade and unmasked, humming to himself as he spins round the kitchenette. Freshly showered hair curls against the back of his neck, and he’s delicious in sweatpants and a white T-shirt, dangerously gorgeous in a way that has Tony’s train of thought halted and stuck on the fact that Steve is his. The mark Tony can just see shaded against his hipbone says so.
Clint was the next to arrive a week or so later, eyes haunted and red with Natasha close behind nursing a broken collarbone and a mean-looking scar above her right eye. They don’t talk about what happened in the interim, but the whispers and gossip that haunt S.H.I.E.L.D’s corridors of Black Widow dropping her cover in order to save Hawkeye don’t go unnoticed. Thor drops in whenever he can between Asgard and New Mexico – his shoulders often drooped and expression broken. No one ever asks even though they all know a man with green eyes and an inferiority complex is probably at the heart of it. It took Bruce over a month to decide to join them, and even now he still practically sprints down to his safe-room in the basement at the first sign of an argument.
Donwell like a second home.
a prostitute. Do you know, I've fought magically charmed monster cupcakes around New York and still this is the most bizarre evening I have ever had." The pair continue to utter a million stuttering apologies, but Tony is more focused on the first part of this mistake identity.
Tony’s wrist deep in wiring and blueprints when a thick letter arrives. It’s heavy, backed with cardboard to prevent it bending. When he turns it upside down the first thing to flutter out onto the floor is the ripped page of a notebook.
She paused for a minute to let this information percolate before standing up again with speed, always the antithesis of serenity. “Captain Rogers.” Said she, “I know you are resolved to dislike Mr Barton, to find him tiresome. I know you disapprove of him, and I know you wish to protect me – perhaps as an older brother would”
Antonia found it really time to be at home; the visit had already lasted long enough, and so much of the morning wasted. She made some more musings on the pianoforte, smiled and agreed it was beautiful, before taking her leave with Mr Jarvis as soon as they could. Steven left before them, talking of visiting Kingston for business, and so they left Miss Romanov with her head bent talking quickly to Mr Barton, whose hands waved and gesticulated as he spoke.
“Ah Antonia, dear, Captain Rogers is away to London by horse. Most unexpected, is it not darling?” her mother’s words are kind, but her gaze is questioning. Antonia cannot make eye contact with either of them, all too aware of her riotous hair and sunken eyes.
“Never use either of those terms again, should you want me to stay ‘your woman’” Nat uses air quotes wildly, voice droll.
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you are still able to talk I’m clearly not doing my job right.” Steve grins and leans forward to lick a path down.
Antonia could not shake the feeling that it felt like he ran from her.
“Hey.” He whispers, voice heavy with everything and nothing.
“Miss Potts!” Hammer’s face was slick now, the words pouring out of him all the greasier, “Miss Potts – oh – I had not observed. How obliging – but I am an old married man and my dancing days are most definitely over. Anything else you command me to I would be happy to offer – but my dancing days are over.”
Pepper and Antonia exchanged a look, before Mr. Marvel continued, “Isn’t it wonderful Antonia? We will be able to have our ball!”
Miss Hill, deceived initially by the mock ceremony of her manner, did not immediately catch the meaning, but when it caught on her, a slight blushed showed across her skin. Antonia and Clint continued to laugh to themselves, unaware or uncaring that the air had turned with malice and ill intention.
And when Steve kisses at the soulmark on Tony’s sternum, he remembers he was.
The words are meant to be jokey, but something rings true and holds firm. Steve can do little else but place Tony gently down onto the bed now behind them, and crawl up the bed over him, all the while being watched with hooded eyes that drive him close to burning.
He hesitated, got up, walked to a window.
“Pepper your allowing yourself to be so occupied and so unhappy about Mr. Hammer’s is the strongest reproach you can make me. You could not give me a greater reproof for the mistake I fell into. It was all my doing, I have not forgotten it, I assure you. Deceived myself, and deceive you in the process – it will be painful for me forever to have done this. Do not imagine me in danger of forgetting it.”
I cannot imagine them to be very frequent. Maybe some do attach themselves hastily, but there is time to recover surely. A lifetime, if one has the will. I mean, it is only weak characters who are determined to be unhappy forever.”
Antonia sighed as Captain Rogers let go of her hand, proceeding to walk along the gardens with him not a step behind her, “I must put the record straight. You are mistaken if you think I am wounded.” Steven starts to protest at this, to turn, “No. Honestly.” Antonia presses on, determined.
Tony is never going to be personally responsible for the puppy dog look in those beautiful baby blues.
Steve looks up with a look that is entirely alien, voice dry (and not in the good way) when he answers, “Nothing really.”
The three laughed, the only other sound accompanying them the crackling hearth.
He’s nearly asleep with his eyes closed when he feels a huff of breath against his forehead, a chaste kiss pressed there, and then it’s gone. He can’t feel the warmth of Steve anymore, “Sssteve-“ he mumbles, eyes flying open, panicked. “where you goin’?”
Antonia could not believe these words, wondering if she would sink under the happiness of this moment. Her mind is shifting, grasping at this new knowledge like a parched daisy under summer sun and monsoon rain.
“Really?” Steve asks, smirking before his voice goes quiet, pondering, “I don’t suppose you can tell if I’ve got any hopes or dreams.” His eyes stayed fixed on Antonia a beat too long, causing her to fluster and the next words come out too close to biting.
“Hey!”
A flush stole across Steven’s cheeks, like he’d spoken without thought, but Antonia knew that was beyond him. They locked eyes for a moment, and the look of fondness Steven’s eyes held nearly stole breath from Antonia’s mouth. It was true, Captain. Rogers very rarely hosted in the halls of Donwell. He offered the minimal amount due so as not to slight anyone, with the minimum in attendance and the minimum to offer. It wasn’t that he couldn’t host, or that he did not have the means to, indeed Donwell was a sprawling household – and the rooms were larger than Hartfields – a place built to entertain. It was more Steven only held affairs there when utterly necessary (unless it was to beat Maria Stark at cards, in which case they were often spotted together with Antonia and Jarvis in tow, but that invitation was highly sought after and even more highly guarded by those in possession).
“That is easily said, and felt by you, who have always been your own master. You are the worst judge in the world, Steven, of the difficulties of dependence. You do not know what it is to have tempers to manage.”
“A lesser man with less self-confidence would worry you meant bad kind of different. But to be honest, I’m Tony Stark, and I know you meant good different because look at me.”
“It’s a wonder anyone trusts you at therapy sessions, Sam.” Steve says, and earns a grin from Tony.
“Thank you Sir.”
The giggles continue, until Steve reaches forward and pulls Tony snug against him, until his breath is hot against Tony’s cock. The laughter stops quickly then, and it’s almost like Tony’s holding his breath for what Steve might do next.
They arrive at a door and Steve knocks awkwardly with his shoe, hands full. “Buck - it’s me can you open up?”
Antonia could not help it as a giggle escaped her, “You are ungrateful.” She jested. "She is sure to expect you to dance with her first, for a proper partner for
“You can’t. I won’t.” Tony continues.
“Dear Antonia, do you think that you – perfectly understand – the degree of acquaintance between the gentleman and the lady we have been speaking of.”
But this decision right here, this moment in time where Bucky is breathing down his neck, the heat above them oppressive and ominous in equal measure, feels forced down his throat. It makes him wary, heart thumping skittishly across his chest. He wonders absently if Tony can feel it, and that thought makes him swallow the panic down, force the foreboding to the back of his mind.
After an elevator ride filled with a silence that’s tense, but not unwelcome, it’s not long before Steve’s welcomed into a living room the size of his flat.
“Just studying.” He says, not caring to elucidate further, letting the awkward air settle around them like a cloak, “grabbing a snack.”
Yes indeed, on self-reflection she could agree, the worst error lay at her door. It was inherently foolish and wrong to take such active joy and such a part in bringing any two people together. It was adventuring too far and assuming too much. She had talked a dear friend into being very much attached to a man who she may never have thought of with hope, if not for Antonia’s thorough assurances of his attachment. She still firmly believed she was right in dissuading Rhodes’ attention, she would not fault herself there, but she got over-excited and under cautious with her sticky attempts to match make from there.
They stare down at their joined hands, late summer evening light filtering into the room to contribute to the warmth Tony feels flooding him from the inside out. It feels like he’s been hibernating, like he’s been carving out this space inside himself he didn’t even realise especially for Steven. The silence sits over them for a minute like a cloud.
“Yes – it seems to depend upon nothing but the ill-humour of his grandmother, which I imagine to be the most certain thing in the world.”
“I was merely stooping to look your unkempt state, Antonia, is wearing your nightclothes
“Natasha would break your legs all over again if she saw you struggling this much and she’d probably not hesitate to kill me if I didn’t help.” Clint’s shoulders droop, face weary, before visibly shaking himself and brightening.
cajoled into by Steve, but he won’t tell that to anyone. The thought of the team without him is nerve-wracking. The thought of the team minus two is inconceivable.
Mr. Barton doesn’t react past a small smile, a smirk that trembles around his lips, and Antonia feels cowed without a word in utterance.
She was resolved to not dwell on the matter, and if she wondered why it was so easy to her to push these thoughts to the wayside, to lock whatever love she apparently felt for Clint Barton, she did not utter more on the matter. She knew the danger, intimately, of indulging such speculation, and allowed it no more thought.
“I am ashamed of my conduct.” Antonia smiles wistfully, “My blindness, my vanity was flattered. When he first came back, I thought I was attracted to him.” Steven looks down at this, brings his hands into parade rest like he’s waiting for orders. “I was tempted by his attentions, allowing myself to appear pleased. I was never attached to him, and he never wished to attach me. Merely a ruse to hide his true affection to another. But I have been... examining the workings of my own heart and I can
Antonia leaves that unanswered, for she is unsure of what she would even say. They speak no more, comfortable in each other’s silence, and make for Randall’s.
"Psst, Steve." when Steve doesn't answer Sam sighs, and edges closer to prod at his side, "
Miss Hill and Miss Romanov were back before too long, walking into the room escorted by Clint Barton; and Mrs. Hammer seemed to think it as much her duty as Captain Rogers to receive them.
“You can’t do that again Cap.” Natasha speaks quietly, meeting him at the door as he gets released from medical, face grey.
someone to tell him it is going to be okay, that he will still be able to sit amongst holograms and draw, that they can still have movie night, that he can still joke around with Tony about the fact he liked the Star Wars reboot better than the original. He needs the little things, because otherwise he might break apart.
(See the end of the chapter for
They bundled up and moved to the Crown Inn momentarily, Clint’s knees bouncing in excitement against her own in the carriage. Mrs Marvel watched Antonia with a knowing eye, and Antonia flushed, feeling awkward with the attention heaped on her.
She went to Mrs. May’s accordingly the next day, to undergo the fault of her sins. And oh, what a sin it was. She had to dash every hope she had been spoon feeding – to tell her good friend that she, not her, had been the one preferred – and acknowledge herself grossly mistaken and misjudging all her ideas on the subject of men. To admit that pushing Pepper into the path of Mr. Hammer was the result of her own blind pride, and not, as they had thought, the result of his affections.
“Shit, I’m sorry Buck. I don’t think that’ll be coming our way anymore.” Steve says, rubbing his eyelids and feels stars explode behind them. He opens his eyes to Bucky staring down at him, a mixed look of sadness and understanding.
“I must first, before all else, apologize for my behavior.” Antonia began, tripping over words as they stumbled from her lips. “I am embarrassed by my actions, and hope that you can only forgive me for ever making you feel like you spoke of on the Hill –“
“You are quite comfortable around the housework quarters.” Sarah muses, voice easy.
Steve wades through the murk of hatred and anger and ignorance and finds those those twin stars mapped out in constellations that he has charted and knows down to his very bones. He holds fast to their image like a lifeline in the distortion of spiteful words and rage. The amber beacons centre him, help him find his stability, and provide him with other memories. Memories of him and Bucky furiously grabbing any time they could together under the cover of darkness, of quiet kisses and nearly silent groans. Memories of his mother furiously wiping away tears before kneeling down and whispering fiercely (and the only time he ever heard Sarah Rogers swear),
For the most part, Nat is quiet. This isn’t unusual. The rest of the group are such loud characters (aside Bruce, perhaps, but he couldn’t make it today, so it’s more obvious that Nat isn’t really talking much with his absence) that even a slightly quiet individual would be noticed. Nat’s practically mute, by comparison, but that doesn’t make her any less loved by every single one of them.
He can still taste the stench of Howard’s alcohol breath, warm against his face. Still feel the spittle that hangs off his lips, that’s spat against his chin. He can feel the imprint of Howard’s old club ring against his cheek. There’s an image of Maria risen, a rolling gasp rattling her lungs. An image of Obie slapping a hand against Tony’s shoulder, moving to joke and jest and move Howard away from violence in the only way he knows how. Talk of Tony’s future value, his golden goose status. Howard understands numbers and money well enough to quiet down, and Tony masks the flinch at his knuckles curling once into a fist before letting go.
Steve had been gone nearly three weeks, and Antonia had found very little else to do. Managing an estate when you had a large income at your disposal was far easier than you would think, Antonia able to cast off most roles to the houseservants. She had taken a stroll as far as Steve’s main quarters at Donwell before returning home, and had fallen into discussions at church with Mr Hammer during Sunday mass, but other than that she found herself at want for things to do.
The first time they are called out, minus Steve, he has to sit on his hands to prevent marching out with them. He instructs Jarvis to keep him informed on the action whilst he punches the sand out of a practice bag in the gym. By the time Jarvis tells him they are on their way back, safe and sound, sweat is blurring his vision and three broken sandbags are spread-eagled across the floor. Unwrapping his bindings, he pads upstairs to find Tony stumbling into the kitchen, face bloody and one eye swollen.
“I do not know whether it ought to be so, but certainly silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way. Wickedness is always wickedness, but folly is not always folly. It depends on the character of those who handle it, Captain. Rogers. He is not a trifling, silly young man. If he were, he was have either florified in the achievement, or been ashamed of it. Either an ostentation or a coxcomb, or the evasions of a mind too weak to defend its own vanities. He’s not trifling nor silly.”
Tony doesn’t though, and flies towards him whilst screaming “STEVE MOVE!” down the comm and before Steve can even breathe he is pushed aside and Tony’s flung into the ground fifty feet away from him, making the ground shake until to Steve’s horror the building he thudded into gives way with a groan.
“Come, Anthony. Come back to the house and I’ll make you hot cocoa in the kitchens.” Jarvis says, unflinchingly British - soothing and stoic and sad at the same time. And if Tony notices that even Jarvis doesn’t call the sprawling mansion a home, he doesn’t say anything. They both know there is nothing in those walls that suggest it deserves the title.
“I don’t - I don’t know if I can do this.” Maria speaks, voice trembling, held together only by sheer force of will. She packs the last of her jewellery with shaky hands. Each diamond paves the way toward her security, each ruby her freedom. Nelson and Murdock aren’t cheap, but they don’t doubt Maria will be in line for half of Howard’s estate when they finally make a move. Maria wears her Tiffany pearls round her neck as a just in case, nevertheless.
Much much later, when Tony’s legs have decided to carry him once more (and he has decided that make-up sex is
His suspicion grew stronger yet, or a private liking, private understanding, between Clint Barton and Natasha.
“She is an elegant young woman.” Said Antonia in agreement, unsure of why the air around them felt suddenly charged.
“I have no idea what you could possibly mean, mother.” Antonia replies, the picture of serenity. It is difficult for her to hold for long, and a smile trembles at the corner of her mouth. Though she had not been aware of Steven’s visit this morning, she’s thankful for it. A picture glances across her vision of Steve, windswept and wonderful, and her cheeks fill with red blood in response. She surreptitiously sits on her hands to stop them rushing to calm her heated face.
So, for whatever reason, Tony was the luckiest guy in the world. He meets Captain America before Fury has a chance to hide him away and somehow manages to bag
Rhodey finds him later, phone disintegrated into pieces against the counter top, tears stumbling down his face.
“I don’t think that’s possible.” Tony says, and wow Steve is right there, close enough to feel his shaky exhalation after the words. Tony has a brief moment to thank whatever came over him to swallow some toothpaste before he came looking for Steve. He doesn’t want something as stupid as morning breath ruining this moment.
Antonia had hardly expected them, but she was wanting to see him again, and especially see him in presence of her mother, upon his behavior to whom her opinion of him was to depend. If he was deficient there, nothing should make amends for it. But on seeing them together, she became perfectly satisfied. He had a soothing and charming demeanor, one that basked in all those around him, including her mother, who was always a hard one to please.
He still cuts such a striking figure, even with the exhaustion that clearly weighs on him. His eyes are hollow, the ocean blue paled down to a pallid grey, “I am afraid I will still be in London.” He answers, “It is to be a substantial trip.”
“Me! – oh no! I would get you a better partner than myself. I am no dancer.”
He’s talking quietly with the Falcon, heads bent and when Sam reaches across to pat a hand to Steve’s knee Tony ashamed to say he sees red and gets far too possessive for a man who used to be so lax about relationships. He’s over to their side in a flash painting on a grin dripping with fake sincerity.
.” Tony begs, watches the sadness in his old confidant’s eyes. A memory flashes across his vision, of being young and impetuous and saved from skinned knees and bloody noses by Happy’s gentle guidance. It feels hollow now.
“I.” Tony says, stops, “I’m sorry, I need to hear you say it. Shit, sorry this is so awkward.”
It is only once Spirited Away finishes, (which, when Steve says he didn’t really understand it and was that a cultural reference or animated documentary like Wall-E? Clint laughs and in between tears says no one just
“I have been too busy to think about appearances Steven.” She waved him off, “I have far too much to do to concern myself with how I look.”
“T, I don’t want to take advantage.” Steve protests, weakly, even as his limbs are already moving like they desperately want to doze in a position that isn’t half upright. Tony fixes him with an incredulous look, one he’s been reliably informed by Jarvis has every ounce of ‘snark he’d expect to see from one so opinionated’.
“Always.” Steve replies, reaching up to put a hand against Tony’s cheek and pull him down for a soft kiss that makes both their hearts sing in perfect synchronicity.
They were a family of the name Rhodes, whom Antonia knew the father as a particularly good character, as renting a large farm of Captain Rogers and residing in the parish of Donwell. She knew Captain Rogers thought highly of the son, an intelligent man he had always said had time for a passionate debate and knew himself well. But they could not possibly be polished enough for Pepper. She would improve her, detach her from her bad acquaintances and introduce her into good society and form her opinions and manners. It would be an interesting, and certainly very kind undertaking.
ass. He is currently holding the ass of a man who features as an answer on Wheel of Fortune. This cannot possibly be his life.
“We shall likely never agree about him, and thus add him to the long list of things we don’t agree on. It is nothing extraordinary. I do not believe him to believe a weak young man. Mr. Marvel would not be blind to folly, even in his own son. A yielding and mild disposition may not suit your notions of a man’s perfection, but it suits a great deal other’s.”
“Don’t you
“I will take my leave.” He says, abruptly, and rises with a crisp bow before walking off. Antonia can do little but watch his figure depart, fighting with herself not to raise fingers to her lips and wonder what on earth had just happened, and wonder why it felt like a loss.
“Mr. Stark would undoubtedly support me, if he was still alive. How fortunate it is for my girl to have a lady in the village for her to be friends with. And not only that, but for the girl to be close to her in intelligence, enough to keep that gorgeous mind from ticking over into ill use.”
, Antonia. None of your scheming. They are merely friends.” Steven chided.
“Pray take care, Miss Stark, there is a step at the turning. Pray take care, it is a rather dark staircase – rather darker and narrower than one could wish. Miss Stark, I am quite concerned, I am sure you hit your foot.”
“I do.” Virginia starts, but the tone becomes questioning in the face of Antonia’s incredulity, “I don’t? I do. Oh Antonia please help me.”
“Your life is beginning now too, mother.” And the words feel foreign on his lips, but completely at home all at the same time. Maria’s eyes shoot to his, watering at the edges. She reaches for his hand, squeezes, and sighs. It rattled around her, around the room, as she takes one long look and nods.
Steve’s helpless to do anything but note. He idly sees Clint and Nat peering round their desks in the background, watching the mess spill out in all its glory.
“I’m sorry.” Steve speaks when he can stop to compose himself, “I was in a bad place, and I should have told you. I can’t believe I didn’t notice-“ Tony cuts him off by lifting the hand that is still attached to Steve’s and presses a kiss to the inside of the man’s wrist. “I’m here.” Steve starts instead, “I’m here, and I’m not going anywhere. Not again.”
“It is a good letter.” She affirms, “So much so that it is likely one of his sisters wrote it for him. But I can hope to be honest enough to say it is a better written letter than I had expected from him. No doubt he is a sensible man with a natural talent for thinking strongly and clearly and when he takes pen in hand he naturally finds proper words. It is so with some men, even if not well educated.”
to unman someone she cares about so, “I hate that these thoughts plague me. I have watched your clumsy flirtations, your unfeeling language, and I have excused you for simply being innocent.” He says this all so quietly Antonia worries the words might break as they hit the air.
He was one of the lucky ones, he knows, that when he was discharged he found a niche pretty quickly that works for him, and works money better. So he made sure to drag along anyone returning from the front without a place to go by the collar. Alongside his tactician brain is a sense of brotherhood that runs so deep he could choke on it. So you can bet that when AVNG Security Consultancy took off, he found space for Bucky and Nat and Sam and Clint and anyone else hairbrained enough to think a bunch of vets left in control of the safety of top level technology was a good idea.
“If we were playing a drinking game with how many times one person can apologise in the space of a day I think we’d both need liver transplants.” Tony giggles, and with that they pile into the edge of the booth. Awkward introductions are made, Steve arching over Tony in a fiercely protective style. When Tony’s not looking he glares at every one of his idiots in turn and mouths
“I have no quarrel with his trappings to family, I simply have quarrel with the fact we hear of him as an idle wanderer – why he was seen at Weymouth only a few weeks ago. This proves he can leave the Bartons. Yet he desires a trip of five or six hours to Weymouth over the two it would take him to grace his own family with his presence. This makes no sense to me.”
“Oh Mr. H, who else have we met? We visited the Randalls, though they were rather brash. And who was there but Rogers! Mr. H tells me he’s such a firm friend, I was excited to meet him, to put a face to the name.” She is all words, no manners, no thought. Antonia fixes Mr. Hammer with a look when Mrs. Hammer’s gaze is elsewhere.
before the next hit takes him down faster than he can think.
a voice so like Steve’s rang in her head,
He looks back once, surprised Tony doesn’t wake at the sound of Steve’s heart tearing in two.
“Ah, well. Yes, I see what she means.” She turned to Captain Rogers, whose face had been stormy upon Antonia’s words but smoothed out to tranquil seas when Miss Hill looked upon it, “I will try to hold my tongue. I must be so very disagreeable, for her to say that to an old friend.”
Later, when Steve is tending to every cut and bruise, chuckling at Tony’s grumblings and chiding him gently for not telling him to come sooner, Tony will stare at his friend and wonder how he will ever get over how fiercely and passionately he loves Steve.
“She seems to have a sixth sense whenever he gives his attention elsewhere and call his conscience home, that much is true.” Elizabeth adds in agreement, she lowers her tone as the gentleman follow behind, “She keeps him like a dog on a lead.”
Antonia listened, and looked, perceiving that Clint Barton was very much out of humor. Clearly the heat caused havoc on his constitution, complaints loud and vociferous. Moaning this way and that way caused Antonia to reflect, to realize that she was so very glad to be done being in love with him. She would not like a man so easily undone by a hot morning, but Pepper’s easy nature would not mind it.
“Don’t be stupid Steve, you can’t go around trying to save everyone because you have a chip on your shoulder.” Tony bit out, and Steve wants to raise the anger to retort, but God he just feels so
“Whatever scheme you’ve got going on, I think you might pull it off better than you think. Me meddling right now will just cause friction.” Nat replies as though it’s obvious.
“Steve, Steve! I’m gonna -“ and that’s all the warning Tony can give him before he’s arching up, mouth open on a silent scream and coming in long ropes down Steve’s throat who swallows through it all and keeps his fingers working in and out of Tony before letting them slip out with an obscene pop.
“Please what, honey?” Steve lifts his head from its position to ask, voice cheeky, and he knows Tony can feel that teasing in his skin, watches his lover lift his head from where it’s been thrown against the pillows to look down with a look of incredulity.
“I do not find you disagreeable Antonia, I just find you naïve.” Says Steven, with a degree of vexation, that makes Antonia bound toward any other subject immediately, unable to comprehend why her words made him so angry.
. Tony gulps as he feels Steve’s quick spark of lust, it makes him bolder.
“You will see her to advantage; to see her and hear her – no, I’m afraid you will not hear her at all, for she has an aunt that never holds her tongue!” Antonia giggles, quickly curtailing it as she notices her mother’s admonishing glance.
“What do you mean? Steve?” Tony’s voice is worried, more so when Steve hits the button to open the back hatch of the quinjet and breathes in the cold air with a grin.
He had attempted to make conversation, stringing one or two words together in a way that made next to no sense, before Maria had placed a hand on his shoulder, had Jarvis start a fire, and tell him to sleep.
The words now say
“You don’t have to win alone, that’s all I’m saying. Allow AVNG to provide the assist.”
It was perhaps those reasons that she was so quiet (to be fair, a quality most men held in high respect that Antonia had the luck of not possessing) and meek. Steve had argued her case in a heated debate with Antonia one evening.
This time, the story is different. Tony wakes, smiling, to Steve bent low over the hospital bed, murmuring words that sound like prayer. Steve watches Tony’s eyes open and grasps his hand even harder.
“Buck – not just now –“ and Steve doesn’t finish the rest of the sentence before the door is flung wide and a figure he wouldn’t have expected to darken his door stands there before him, panting with wild eyes.
“I will not pretend to not know what you mean. Do not distress yourself. You may have difficulty in believing this boast, but I am truly indifferent. There was perhaps a time in the early part of our acquaintance, when I did like him, and was disposed to be attached to him. Fortunately it did cease and I have
He thrusts slowly at first, pulling out almost completely before pushing back in with a wicked slide. But they both know the only place this can lead to, Steve feels the orgasm build behind his eyelids lazily, and from Tony’s groans he surmises the man can’t be far behind. So he slides a hand down Tony’s right calf, turning to press a kiss to it, before pulling it up to his shoulder. The angle changes something, and the next thrust has Tony crying out loud enough that Steve would blush if Tony had neighbors to embarrass.
one!" Tony shouts, and the manager splutters whilst the receptionist chokes on air.
“Indeed.” He spoke gravely, eyes dark with something Antonia could not quite place, “We are old friends. I apologise for jeopardising that.” And that, it seems, is to be that, as he leans forward to the babe in his arms, “Tell your godmother, little Harriet, that she ought to set you a better example than to be renewing old grievances, and if that she were not wrong before now, she probably is.”
(for that’s all it is, pretending) to be normal before you long for your own kind of people.
“I insist.” He laces his voice with iron, holds firm, even if he smiles. He wants to help, he
Natasha grabs his arm and looks down at his knuckles, still red raw from the sandbag earlier than morning before the fight. He doesn’t like her look of pity.
Tony clears his throat against the dark swell of lust that sits there, and Steve turns, moment broken. His smile is soft and full of stars, “Hey T. Sleep well?”
“Steve?” His voice is high, tilting up on a question.
He trusts Tony though, a nebulous new thing that Steve doesn’t quite understand himself. It sits and settles against his heart though, letting him be bold and guide Tony’s hands to the back of his head, pushing them forward when Tony looks down at him confused. He hopes he translates his desire in his eyes as he stares up at Tony.
Tony only grinned harder, "Where is this 'friend' then?"
“No, I, well, that is to say I have never been out of Highbury.”
“Sorry, what did you say Miss. Stark?” asked Pepper, startling her from her reverie.
Antonia had done very well, very well indeed, in the weeks gone, to curry favour for Mr. Hammer in Virginia. She could not feel doubt at all in having given Virginia’s affections a proper direction and sense of purpose. She was confident in creating as much liking in Virginia, as there could possibly be.
“Antonia, be kind. She has … come down in the world these past years and we have to look after her.” He speaks softly, and Antonia has to ignore the little part of her that wants to nod and agree to anything the man has to say.
“Mrs. May does not mean to dance, but there is a young lady disengaged whom I should be very glad to see dancing – Miss Potts.” Mrs. Marvel replied.
“Can you catch people in that suit of yours?” he asks, although he already knows the answer. He saw the news, saw Tony manage the impossible and save thirteen people from a falling aircraft without even blinking an eye. He’s filled with a wave of contrition and guilt at ever thinking this man anything but the first to lay on the wire and he’s so far beyond Steve that it isn’t even funny. It’s like Steve’s running up the stairs whilst Tony is in a high speed elevator to the top.
It is so fucking cliché, Tony thinks, when Steve presses a wristwatch that probably cost more than he could afford into Tony’s hand before Steve’s final high school football game and presses a kiss into Tony’s shoulder.
“What do you think, Stevie?” The woman,
Steve how did I get lucky enough to find you.”
“For this?” Steve looks at the Pollock again, gaze adoring, “anything.”
Antonia felt a chuckle from beside her, and she darted a look at Mr. Barton, whose face was framed around a grin. “Why are you smiling?” she asked, unable to stop a grin from trembling around her own features.
And, because she cannot help but ask, in a tone so weak and pitiful she hates herself, “Won’t you come too?” in phrase to Steven, looking at him for the first time properly since she stepped into the room.
Once Mrs. Stark has departed, Steven turns to Antonia with a most becoming grin, “No Miss Potts today, looking fetching amongst the roses?” Antonia rolls her eyes and makes for the house, “No, no I am not teasing you. Miss Potts is a pretty thing, and I am inclined to give you a compliment and say she seems much improved. Improved due to your influence.”
“Didn’t appreciate the intrusion, but I’ll let you keep thinking that’s the first time. Your chair at the office is the swivel one, right?” Tony replies, slick and fast, and Bucky cries outrage as the insult strikes true. Steve’s not sure how he knew what Bucky’s chair looked like, but he’s going to put it down to guesswork of a genius.
Jarvis did bark a laugh at that, “As you believe it so Miss Stark.”
“I-“ Steve starts, throat dry, “I don’t know what I’m doing.” He confesses, and he’s thrown back to ten years old again, sitting in a house with four walls and a stain glassed roof, asking for forgiveness.
Antonia repeated to herself,
“Happy -
The wording of it may have been complex, but the meaning struck true in Antonia’s brain. He thought Virginia beautiful, and upon seeing how quickly she took to etiquette and education under Antonia’s wing, could see how well she would fit into his own home.
(See the end of the chapter for
is given as answer to Tony’s questioning eyes. Tony’s eyes flicker like crazy, and Steve tracks the swallow and bob of his adam’s apple with a mild panic.
So they are fighting very strange animals that according to Thor are jorgenheim’s but to Steve look like massive eagles with four legs and scales in the middle of Queens. Steve’s letting the shield fly at every creature that so much as moves towards him whilst barking orders down the comm and feels so
"We've come from a gala. He forgot his suit jacket what with
, twitches and turns to the source, like a plant seeking the sun. He misses Sarah Rogers watching him, watching the doorway, with eyes that know too much and betray too little, because suddenly Steve is there and Tony can’t think to a time he wasn’t.
“Who said anything about a parachute?” And shooting a grin at Tony, he jumps with a shriek.
“Need a lift you two?” He asks Nat and Bucky, amorous in the corner by Shields window.
Just a man and as flawed as the rest of them. Steve’s heart tightens and he doesn’t want to examine too closely why, not yet.
It doesn’t take long to show Sarah Rogers to the kitchen, and she watches him with a smile tinged with sadness as he walks her through everything from the hot plate to the walk in freezer.
“Yes.” Tony breathes. “Yes I can be good for you. I’ll be so good. Steve, please-“
Steve pauses and Antonia can almost see the cogs turning, “And how do you surmise that? Success implies endeavor, Antonia. Just because you say 'I think it would be a fine thing if Miss Ross and Mr Banner were to marry' and then repeating it to yourself every so often, it's not the same as bringing it about." Steve chides gently, “If…
“You will soon be cooler, if you sit still.” Said Antonia.
“How do you like Mrs. Hammer” said Antonia in a whisper.
Under a bright midday sun, at nearly the height of Midsummer, Mrs. Stark was conveyed in her carriage, one window down to enjoy the breeze, to partake in this al-fresco party. Captain Rogers had prepared one of her favourite rooms, the library that looked out onto the gardens, especially for her with the fire warming at the hearth all morning to make sure she did not catch a chill. Whilst made of iron, she was a woman whose bones enjoyed welcoming the cold far too easily, and he did not want Antonia to ever have to spend time that should be about enjoyment worrying about her mother’s care. She was most thankful, and waved Antonia away to enjoy the afternoon, firmly seated with a throw and a good book.
“I don’t know what I did to deserve you.” Steve says, low and brutal. It’s the first time they’ve been alone for a while, Bucky over at Sam’s, having told them he’d be “
Antonia was clever, and she thought nothing of his attachment, merely insulted by his hopes. He merely wanted to marry well, and had the arrogance to raise his eyes to her and pretend to be in love. She knew there was nothing in his disappointment – no real affection either in his language or manners. She was not to trouble herself to pity him – he only wanted to enrich himself; and if Miss Stark of Hartfield, an heiress of thousands and the sprawling land of Highbury, was not as easily obtained as he hoped, he would try for another.
, can keep a coach, then the master of Donwell Abbey should be more than equal to it. A gentleman –“
“You’d have more luck convincing the Jackson 5 to reunite than getting Sam to date.” Bucky interjects.
And Steve loved his soulmark fiercely, but never more than when he stood in the amber tones of their busted skylight, in Steve’s house, in Steve’s clothes (because Tony loved to steal his shirts even though he was swallowed by them). There was something dark and deep and possessive that curled inside Steve’s breastbone when he saw Tony in the trappings of himself. It threaded through his sternum with a beat of
“Oh Steven! Of course he did not touch me, I would not allow it.” Finally Antonia feels a smile tremble across my face, “Fancy that, I never thought I would see the day a man would offer to duel for me.”
of this.
Steve grabs a handful of fries from the bucket in the middle of the table and shrugs. He's known Buck long enough not to raise to the bait. It'd end in food flying and a temporary ban from Shield (he says this from past experience). “I never said it was a smart plan. Just enough to get you all off my back. Why doesn’t Sam get the same treatment?! He’s been single for years.”
to help.
tone, the one that says ‘Tony you are an idiot but I am going to pretend to humour you because you are damn fine in bed’ “We are going to make an appearance because I think Fury is beginning to think I might possibly be locked up somewhere.”
“It’s misplaced. Dunno how they even got into the armed forces in the first place considering they are about as useful as a chocolate teapot.” Steve complains, and Tony smothers a laugh.
“The reason I bring this up is that
“Certainly, if you wish it. But you are not walking to Highbury alone.”
“This is a pleasure,” said he, in rather a low voice, “coming ten minutes earlier than I had calculated. You find me trying to be useful; tell me if you think I shall succeed.
Virginia could only answer, “Oh dear yes.” Before the gentleman joined them. He spoke of presently making his way to Mrs. May’s, but now that they had made attendance themselves, he would now defer their visit, and accompany them home.
Tony just laughs, warm and bright. “He didn’t do any of the above I’m afraid. We bumped into each other at the Tower and several horrendously adorable flirtations from this one here I knew I had to have him.”
“Indeed not sir,” laughed his son, “I seem to have had it from a nobody – very odd! I really was persuaded of Mrs. Marvel’s having mentioned it in one of her letters, many weeks ago. But I must have dreamt this.”
“Ah few things, really.” Tony’s voice is quick, rambling, “Tougher armour for you – currently I have to sacrifice the manoeuvrability for the durability but I’m sure I’ll find a way around that. Better arrows for Clint – can’t have him fall aga-“ he goes quiet, face stormy, before turning back to his work and throwing his hand out violently (and Steve still can’t get over the fact that the images projected move and twist with Tony’s every move) for the arrowhead projected to increase in size.
“You are right. It does relate to him, and I will tell you directly. He has been here this very morning on a most extraordinary errand. He announced an attachment-“
“It is a sudden decision, but I have been thinking about going away for a while.”
Antonia had not had time to think of Mr. Hammer, and she was so completely surprised that she could not avoid a little start at his name. She could feel Steven’s heavy gaze on her, and looked up to him to watch the ocean waters of his eyes grow stormy and flint-like.
“I know, I know. But it’s just Natasha seems to write to her aunt every week and she seems to gain at least eight accomplishments in between one and the next! And Miss Hill seems to make it her life’s mission to come here every week to tell us about them!”  Antonia moans as both Jarvis and Steven smuggle a grin.
It’s when he pushes one more finger in, because Steve is big everywhere and he wants Tony loose and open before he gives himself to his lover, that Tony bites off a gasp and shouts.
The substance of this letter was forwarded to Antonia, from a note from Mrs Marvel, instantly, telling her he was likely at Hartfield very soon. As to his going, it was inevitable. He must be gone within a few hours, though without any alarm, for his grandmother, to lessen his repugnance. He knew her illnesses; they never occurred but for her own convenience.
“Have I told you the story of Rhodey’s birthday party last year?” Tony asks, and Steve sleepily nods, pulls Tony closer to him until his face nestled in the crook of Steve’s neck, legs tangled together. He wraps an arm around Tony’s back and Tony feels lit up from the inside. “Well,” he continues, smile beatific across his face, “it starts with an absolutely gigantic airplane shaped cake, and me being overconfident in my ability to uncork a champagne bottle with a sword.”
“I am very much looking forward to it!” Mr. Hammer spoke so enthusiastic Antonia was near bowled over in alarm, “though being a poor bachelor, I, that is well – I cannot afford a carriage, and it should snow…” Mr. Hammer lets the sentence hang awkwardly between the trio for a moment, and Mr. Banner’s manners skip into the fray, much to Antonia’s annoyance.
“Why what, Tony?” Steve asks just as quietly. He’s ducking his head so he can meet Tony’s eyes, but the mechanic doesn’t have the strength to look at him and deal with his emotions at the same time. He fears they’ll have another repeat of Siberia if he does.
, he may have overshared. He scrubs a hand over his face. “Ultron was supposed to keep the earth safe from big threats.”
“Harley Keener, you better put the Mark 7 down right this moment. How even did you get in here?!” Steve, brain belatedly recognizing that there is no danger whatsoever, turns around to look at their assailant. The first thing his eyes drop to are the two potatoes at his feet, and then turns incredulous eyes up to look at the… kid. Small, blond floppy-haired kid who’s glaring at him with the same type of determination he’s seen on the Spider-teen. Oh, boy. Another one.
“Thor,” Natasha starts softly, the way she used to talk to the Hulk when she was trying to do a lullaby. If anything, it bristles Thor even further. “We don’t know how old this transmission is. Even if we were absolutely certain that he’s still—”
had felt just like
“Yeah?” the other man says as he leans back with his hands on the grass. Tony’s slacks are easily worth five hundred dollars, but the delighted look on Steve’s face since he’d asked him to stay along made him forget about his complaints or Pepper’s reaction to him ruining another pair of his work slacks.
“You’re the one that blew up our lab, mechanic,” Harley grumbles and wipes at his nose. Tony looks away so that the kid can compose himself. They’re much too alike for their own good, he thinks. “Peter’s worried, too,” and now he sounds like the sullen prepubescent that he is.
“You said four,” Wanda said after a moment of silence. She was still hugging herself, but there was determination in her ace. Steve felt a quick flare of pride in his chest. “Who else did they call?”
“Charlie Spencer,” Tony says reverently.
God, excuse the fuck out of me, Agent Barton,” the title suddenly and irrationally feels like a slap to the archer. “For thinking that the only member of my team who had gone through something similar might understand what I went through.”
“And whose fault is that, Agent Barton,” T’Challa said with a tone of warning in his voice. He was on his feet, though one of his hands was dangling at his side where Lila had hold of his pinkie finger.
“i’d call it brave, myself. A man full of convictions, if I’m honest.”
“We have some news, Ms. Maximoff,” T’Challa begins after sharing a look with Natasha. She merely stares at Wanda.
“Boss, your presence is required,” she says in the no nonsense tone she’d adopted from talking to too many moms.
“You’re Spiderman,” Sam says with a stunned look on his face. Tony recalls him getting whooped around by the bug during their confrontation.
“You can mention him, you know,” Tony says and he feels a flare of irritation in his chest. It feels as though as comfortable as he can get with Steve, the other man is always managing to pull that stability from him. the rational part of him feels that Steve is justified in how weary he is of bringing his friend up in conversation with Tony, but the emotional part that he will insist to his death he doesn’t possess, can’t get over the betrayal. Every time he hears the other man’s name all he can see is metal fingers wrapped around his Mama’s neck and the words
Steve dropped his gaze again, unable to deny it. He’d fucked up enough to know that. So, instead he’d merely nodded and murmured something about going down to the gym to train. Sam had suggested some sleep might do him good, but it was feeble at best, and he didn’t try to call him back. He’d been down with the punching bag until he was swaying on his feet from mental exhaustion.
tired if you can’t understand words with more than two syllables,” the sass monster says.
Tony chuckles softly. “He’ll take you home. I can’t guarantee it’s going to be a pleasant ride, but… I just. I have one more stop here.” He gestures to the rest of the cemetery, and Steve just looks back at him. Giving him the chance to open up if he wants to. “I haven’t said hello to Jarvis in a while,” he suddenly feels boyish and he scrubs the toe of his shoe on the grass. As always, J makes him feel younger and safer than he actually is. The grief is slowly crawling back out, and he doesn’t feel ready to share it with Steve yet.
“Hey whoa, whoa,” Steve says as she gains momentum. He is horrified to realize that the AI had thought he was
Bucky: I’m sorry, man.
, was together again. And sure, there were some cracks. And things weren’t really okay, not really, but the fact that they were all there was enough. After all the bullshit they’d been put through, they’d
He walks out of the quin mindlessly and blind. All he knows is that he has to find Rhodey and Bruce, has to make a plan, and above all has to find out what had happened to his family. He leads his friends across the lawn from the helipad and into the compound. He takes a second, allows himself just one, to take in the smell of
“I think it’d be unfair if you didn’t,” Peter says wisely and then looks angelically at Tony when he glares.
. I understand,” he says softly and now he’s crying. Tony stares up at him in morbid fascination; he can’t tear his eyes away. “It destroys me inside to see you so—
“I didn’t tell him, but I’m quite sure he knows.”
name in clean energy right now, but closes it quickly. He feels the shakiness coming off the kid in waves, and knows that sarcasm isn’t the way to play it though that’s usually how the two of them communicate. He decides to take a page out of the Jarvises’ book and go with the truth. He takes a deep breath to steel himself and, eyes still set on the bed of flowers and the expanse of lawn beyond it, begins his story. “The best memories I have of my mother are in a greenhouse. In fact, my very first memory is of her singing to me in Italian when I was very little, and she was rocking me, and we were in the greenhouse that my father built for her in the Stark Mansion. When things got… bad while I grew up, I’d always run to the greenhouse to just… be. When my father sent me away to boarding school, I always tried my best to find one so that I could still have a little bit of home with me. I didn’t find them always, but I was very glad when I did.”
“You don’t know what I
Once outside, Tony didn’t think they needed to go very far. He didn’t know the other man well, or at all really, so whatever he wanted to talk about shouldn’t escalate to the level of making the children aware. It wasn’t like with Ste-
“I know it technically wasn’t him who killed my mother, for fuck’s sake, I’ve had time to process the information. He wouldn’t be back if I didn’t know that!” Tony’s excess energy bursts out of him and he springs to his feet.
“Yeah, okay,” Tony whispers into his hair. Then, because he’s never found anything that gives him quiet as much strength as this child in his arms does, he buries his head in the kid’s hair and begins.
“Together?” Tony says tentatively. One of his hands, though, oh those calloused long fingers, grabs hold of Steve’s t-shirt with the same fervor the soldier is holding onto him. Steve hides his smile on the riot of curs atop his head.
“I tried to kill Bucky,” Tony sees and Steve sees it with an aching heart. the way Tony is saying it as though he expects another fight. Like he’s saying it with a knowledge in his heart that Steve will lash out and hurt him. Even now, there’s a distinct separation in his mind of the people Steve will fight
“You were right, Tony,” Steve says and somehow, though it’s what he’s always wanted, the confirmation leaves him feeling bereft. “You were right not to trust us. WE—no,
Tony dropped his gaze from the Captain and made his way to the door. There was a weird sense of peace inside him despite the fact that every breath felt like a struggle. This whole time he’d been tossing and turning wondering what he could have possibly done to deserve the contempt the others had shown him. He had turned things over and over in his head, in the BARF, trying to change his actions to get a better reaction. He’d sat entire nights nursing his scotch and shooting theories at an increasingly worried FRIDAY about what he could have possibly done to keep the team, the people he’d considered his
Tony hauls him against his side and lets the boy bury his nose in his neck when he starts crying. He closes his eyes against the mop of brown hair and fights the tight wave of self-loathing as the kid falls apart in his arms. God fucking damn it. He wants to apologize for tearing his family apart so bad, he wants to go down on his knees and tell cooper how sorry he is that his stupidity brought his family down the way it did. What good would it do, though? What good is he falling apart next to the little boy? Cooper needs him to be the adult right now, and he has failed in so much more but by God and his mother and everything that he holds dear, he will not be another person that lets this kid down.
He didn’t wait for her reply or to see what she’d do. He was already conflicted enough to see the emotions on his face. He always caved at seeing her sadness, and he knew it. He always felt like
about me? I was done with middle school when I was eight, thank you very much, I’m not the one that has to pass geography. And no,” Tony interrupts and
that needs to be
“You don’t even know me,” she said, her voice torn between uncertainty and defiance. It was a common conflict of emotion for her, Steve had noticed.
“I don’t know what else to do, Tony,” Steve’s eyes are bright and earnest as they look up into Tony’s. “I have no illusions that this is enough, but I wanted to show you how sorry I am. If this is the only chance I have to begging for forgiveness from you, then I want to do it right. Tony, I failed you. Not just with Bucky, I—“the Captain’s breath hitches as he stares up at Tony.
Harley texted. Meeting today will be fine
“Harley, oh my God,” Tony groans in annoyance and then bursts out laughing at the shocked look on the soldier’s face. Harly grins up at both of them. Before anyone can make a comment, FRIDAY’s amused voice comes from the speakers in the conference room.
“Step away from the mechanic,” Harley, as always, completely ignores him. He’s glaring daggers at the soldier who wisely backs up. He puts his hands up in surrender.
,” he husks out and his voice breaks. “What else can I do to make you
“He’s at therapy. Do you think—“
“So you think you’re a family counselor now? You think you’re a genius parent or something? Is that why you brought a kid into a fight?” Clint snaps defensively. He knows, but won’t admit, that Tony has a point. That his own son thinks his father can replace him, drop retirement and go at the first call of someone he hasn’t even met. But damn if he’s going to let
Though Tony wasn’t able to dwell on his heartbreak for too long, after that. For in December of that year, Howard and Susan Stark were killed in a fatal car crash. Rumor had it, though Tony was never able to see the forensics report, that Mr. Stark had been under the influence. The next few months after that were a blur of anger and confusion and
“Can I help you with something, Cap?” The man said with a sigh. He passed his hand over the screen of his tablet and the screen went black. He looked up at Steve, and the blond felt some of the anger melt away. The genius was clearly exhausted, and he had to bite his tongue at the chastisement that sprung up his throat. He hated it when Tony stayed days on end in the lab, always had.
He’s so lost in his own mind for a while there that he completely misses what Rogers does. It isn’t until there are steady fingers taking hold on his trembling hands that Tony realizes what’s happening. When he’s able to look past the hazy fog of his panic he feels his jaw drop. He’d missed his chance to scramble backwards or even call for FRIDAY as the Captain got closer, Tony braces himself for an impact that never comes. Instead, there’s the sound of a hard surface smacking denim-clad bone but of the familiar feel of knuckles to his face. Instead, when Tony finally
. Still, in a pantomime of their latest confrontation, Tony throws his hands up to cover his face and waits…
“Unca ‘Ony, ‘Teve?” he asked hopefully. Steve tried to keep his face from smiling too fondly at the now familiar question. For the most part, the baby could go most of the day without needing to see his uncle. He’d look around the kitchen in the morning during his breakfast, but wouldn’t give any other indication of looking for his favorite person. Unless his favorite person disappeared for more than a day, and seeing as Tony hadn’t emerged in a while, the boy was getting in what they now fondly called Tony withdrawal.
“Didn’t you hear? We have to go.” Peter says angrily.
He’d been so ready for a fight. Had talked himself up thinking that he needed to get everything he had off his chest and that he had to be ready to fight Stark if need be. He had expected the other man to give as good as he got; to yell insults and accusations and well-placed jabs that hit just a little bit too close to home. It was, what he thought, what was to be expected from Tony Stark. It’s what usually happened when the genius and the captain went after each other.
Thor began to feel a swell of uncertainty as the old God walked off his stand and approached him in the heavy stroll of the truly aged. His eyes unblinking, unwavering.
Mjolnir did not shift an inch. But Stark was relentless, now coaxing and enticing the audience to ill fated attempts, tricking even Doctor Banner into trying as well. Banner groaned and growled in a frankly obvious ploy to scare the public, releasing the handle with an embarrassingly weak roar. The Doctor looked around to the unperturbed spectators and scowled: “You people are no fun.”
Ronan laughed “You think you can stop me?”
” Volstagg emphasized and chugged more ale as Hogun and Sif laughed themselves silly.
of yours is worthy of him.”
And promptly jumped into the carriage, slamming the dainty doors shut with a vicious slam, and they were off.
Steve wondered.
Steve smirked, concealing his worries by saluting the other man handsomely “Colonel.”
Tony felt like screaming all over again. “Pepper”
It was too soon.
“I hurt him” Thor wept, voice low and broken with bone deep sadness, Steve felt it like it was his own heart breaking.
The man gave a full body shiver, startled to a sweet gasp against Thor’s questing strokes. And just as Thor was dipping his tongue out for a taste of the Captain’s supple flesh a harsh hand pulled his head back and away from Steven. His scalp stinging and protesting as his hair was nearly ripped from the root by an expressionless Heimdall, whose empty gaze only stared forward as he dragged the Crown Prince off the couch and across the room.
Steven scoffed, his lively, fiery self coming out as he ducked his head down to the God’s chest, giving his armored sternum an affectionate nuzzle before the man sighed “I love it… Thank you”
“Thor, they are goats.”
The All Father held Steven’s gaze before rising from his throne, cutting the violent sneers of the crowd abruptly and submerging them in an absolute silence.
Thor shook his head sullenly “No, not this time, my friend. This is not something that could easily be forgiven, nor forgotten”
“He vowed thrice to murder the author of these stories.” Thor voiced softly, turning to the slowly realizing Captain with a sad smile “The details of the vow I leave to your imagination.”
Peace.
Odin nodded. “Aye, best it be done with, we will meet immediately in the War rooms at the palace”
Thor’s head shot up, his eyes wide again in that deer caught on headlights look and throwing the half fluffed pillow to the floor in a careless fling as he crawled off his sibling and onto the edge of the feather spotted bed in a mad scramble towards the Soldier.
“I am sorry”
Thor bit his lips near bloody
Thor felt his smile melt to tenderness at the sight of her.
Lady Sif halted mid step as she and Steven followed Hogun through the thick woods in search of their dinner. She turned slightly to a contemplative Captain, his handsome face furrowed in thought but his shining blue eyes set kindly on the warrior.
“This is…” Steven’s voice broke away, his eyes glued to the splendor of the realm with a soulful expression Thor had never seen on the man’s handsome face. The eloquent Captain was at a loss of words.
Frigga’s eyes blazed in fury as she strode to her bewildered husband “It was not Thor who commanded an attack on Midgard, it was not Thor who began this ridiculous comedy of a wage and it certainly is not Thor who is responsible for your failings as a father!”
“Are you ready, Captain?”
The following days ‘till the wedding flew by with barely a glimpse of the Captain, as Thor had found out was probably best, knowing now of the attack, so swiftly stunted that none in the palace had caught wind of it. Smothered quickly under Odin’s fist that even the Captain had not been aware of the threat.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Captain smiled abashedly, tucking the record back and wandering away to the other side of the room, where Thor had transferred all his art materials and Master Bragi’s teaching equipment. “You will be able to have your lessons here, if you prefer it”
“Loki is my younger by decades, who do you think taught him the art of slip of hand?
Heimdall held his silence.
The Director was deeply offended by this as he cried “Them the blues, motherfucker! They are meant to provoke!”
“I insist” Frandal bemoaned, a Barmaid sat on his lap and pressing his head lovingly to her burgeoning breasts “How are you so lucky?”
“I mean it” She insisted, laying her chin on his scars “You have the biggest heart of anyone I have ever met, whatever piece I hold of it, is still far more than I would get from anyone else”
Steven gawked at the sullen God “That’s over a thousand years ago.”
The witnessing court laughed approvingly, the Avengers and the Guardians looked at each other wearily, still working their heads around the fact that the fight was over, that the enemy who had been there but a second ago, was… gone, just like that.
“You were doing what you could to set things right” The Captain finally spoke, meeting the eyes of the Guardians with a steady, bright gaze “Even at the expense of your own lives. More than an apology, we owe you a debt... You’ve saved us all today.”
“Heimdall, by the Norn’s!” Frigga exclaimed, descending from her mare with a startled jump at the sight of the handsome Guardian’s face, quite frankly, smashed to a pulp.
“We did nothing other than what was fair.” The God refuted, his face turning towards the squealing near the pond, where the object of their discussion stood dripping in slimy pond water, utterly oblivious as he helped the flirty maidens gather their skirts with a flustered and faintly hounded expression. Loki hid a smile behind his fingers and turned his emerald eyes back to his mother. “Look at him. See and tell me he is not good, that it was not worth it.” Frigga bit her lip, blue eyes glued to the man and filling with wonder “I did a fine job of raising him, you must admit. He is
Steven nodded eagerly as he inspected everything in reach with a grin so wide Thor could not help but mirror in his own face. Then the Captain wandered out to the kitchenette, eyes caught by a large binder resting smack center in the marbled counter. Thor cleared his throat as he rose from his seat, just as the Captain opened the binder to the first page.
Steven stared blankly up to the clear, peaceful sky, as if he could leave his body if he concentrated hard enough. “They were very… thorough”
And left the trailer in the nude.
The Captain gifted him with a croaked smile as he shrugged “I was going to art school. Buck-“ The man swallowed and blinked fast “
Loki rolled his eyes skywards with a groan. “Of course you are that dense, I can’t begin to imagine the fate that awaits Asgard with you as their king”
“You know, your Brother reminds me of someone from when I was a boy” The Captain admitted after a thoughtful second “Old mister Tom, they looked nothing alike, mind you” Steven smiled warmly at his memory and closed his eyes as if to recall the face of the man long gone. “Must be the brisk accent or their flare of… suave”
“Certainly!” Thor boomed, a devilish smile on his face, better fit on Loki’s face as he guided the Captain to the Royal carriage “I even heard he was eager for a rematch”
He pulled out all the tricks, all the treats and then he made some more on the go, letting go of the skirt and bringing his hand to the play, shoving two fingers inside her and curling them up, hard.
“And barehanded” Thor boosted loudly, to the excited titter of the court and servants alike.
“My hero” Frandal cried weakly, overplaying his hurts, he moaned and groaned in his bed as Steve approached him.
The same shyness he had smothered last night…
“Come Steven!” Thor called eagerly, disentangling his nephews’ tongue from his leg and placing a smacking kiss to the slick, scaled head.
Thor dressed again in practiced pulls of soft silk, struggling to tie the corset blindly, but ultimately, he succeeded. Giving himself a once over on the immaculate mirror in the rooms, the God nodded to himself and burst out of the bath with a wide, come-hither smirk for a frozen and gapping Soldier.
“My friends!” Thor boomed, grabbing hold of the three bodies and hauling them up in a show of strength, laughing as the Doctor yelped and Barton cheered. Lady Natasha huffing a breath as she was released, with barely an arch of a brow to show for the undignified treatment as she turned to Steven with a contemplative gaze.
“Aye” The Guardian nodded gingerly “He is very skilled.”
“I am Groot” Groot nodded eagerly, producing the sac again only for Gamora to rip it out of his wooden hands with a glare.
And now he sat on the plush couch, listening contently at how Bruce explained in an impassionate discourse the laws of Newton to an enthralled Lila and Cooper, both with their schoolbooks open and forgotten as they listened enraptured at the veritable Encyclopedia that was Dr. Bruce Banner.
It was by not a negligible amount of effort that Loki hid his relief at the sight of Frigga, lounging about in a large settee, a lovely cloud of rosy silks surrounded by her flock of twittering maidens. Her face no longer pale, her hair glowing in the early dawn’s light, and no gaping wound dripping her sacred blood in pools of scarlet.
The God shrugged, whipping his knotted hair over his muscled shoulder as he spoke “It’s fine, Captain… I just think it’s funny how-“
“Good” Laura commended, sitting down in front of her breakfast with some difficulty to navigate the baby bump “So now you can apologize to Steve for poking your nose in his business.”
Steve looked for a moment ready to fight the statement, but the fight with the Beast must have really been a close call as the Soldier deflated and bit his lips harshly, halting his protests to the truth.
“You should still remain here for the night, I believe.” Mistress Eir ordered, her wrinkled face tender though stern on the newlywedded pair, the sweetness of the God’s fumbling attentions to his spouse enough to make the elderly woman fight to hold back a coo.
And Thor hadn’t the strength to hear it. He would be a coward, but he would be one with Steven by his side.
“And he did” Odin replied “I accused him of bringing harm to my wife, the Mother of Gods. You gave testimony to this, and they-” He swept a hand to his silent guards “stood as witness”
Steve searched his face for a moment, before breaking into a shy grin of his own “I had to hide the other one from you” He admitted, his eyes downcast and hands resting on his hips. An absolutely charming habit of his whenever he fought to keep his expressions in check. “The way you ate the first one to the last crumb made me scared there would be none left for your mother”
“I wished to invite you to join me for an afternoon of sparring with the Warrior Three and Lady Sif” Thor explained with a flush, guiding the Captain to the training grounds. “I have been remis to introduce you to my dearest companions”
And did they ever.
“Good, now faster.”
“Asgard will fall” Ronan swore in a hateful hiss “if not by my hand, another. You will rule a kingdom of ashes!”
“You might want to start changing your tune now, I’m not the sharing kind and you have been playing with my stuff long enough.”
Steve pursed his lips for a moment, eyes bright and so very grateful as he spoke “Thank you, Nick. For everything.”
The Director stared at the floored God with an indecipherable gaze, hard though eternally patient as he continued his explanation.
He was getting married by dawn break. It had not been this real since he had seen Steven do the impossible and lift the Hammer of the Gods.  He was happy, he came to realize, but in the same space, so very, very scared.  He clenched and spread his fingers once, twice and finally dared to push the doors to the King’s rooms.
“Do not be vulgar, brother” Thor snarled, face heating now in definite anger “It suits you ill”
“Steve!” Natasha barked, eyes blazing furious.
“Miss Claire Pratt?”
. Thor trembled to realize; such an attack had not been seen since Bor’s time.
Kudos!
The God bristled in his Throne “You are the one who said we should make allowances for the boy’s courting! Well this is me, making allowances.”
“Fuck that! Give it to him Steve!”
-----
“You sure about that?” The Captain insisted, a devious, croaked smile on his handsome face.
“Well, we do have Dragons” The God offered “Fire breathing beasts of great intelligence, a perchance for petty theft aside, they are quite tame.”
“I thought I could get back on my feet, and now…” Steve paused, a glistering look in his baby blues that shone something like defeat. “Sometimes I wonder if there is a limit to how much a man can give, before there isn’t any more left to take. But as they keep on taking and taking, I don’t think I know how to stop losing.”
. So he closed his eyes and hoped to never wake up.
“All of them are, actually,” Tony says with his own attempted grin. “I was actually supposed to be throwing this huge party. I’m kind of famous for them, you know? But nobody showed.”
“Like you with Ultron and Wanda with the other—stuff,” by the way he says it, it’s clear the boy isn’t quite sure what that other stuff entails. Tony decides it’s best if he doesn’t really know, considering his current dislike for their resident witch.
Tony kisses him first, after their twelfth date, and then steps back and stares at him as though waiting for him to bolt. Steve is still holding his hand, and his heart twinges when Tony closes his eyes as Steve presses his lips to the palm of his hand. He does things like that, sometimes, seeks affection from Steve and then waits as though that might be the thing that sends him running. He tries not to take it personal, knows that there have been more people in Tony’s life who have hurt him, but it still hurts. There’s a new uncertainty to him that Steve finds unsettling.
face on it at all times. There’s avoiding a certain part of Central Park, not stepping foot into Manhattan unless he has to, avoiding the Manhattan bridge at all costs… It feels as though he’s walking on eggshells half the time, but the other half… God. The rest of the time it feels as though he’s getting his first breath of air after being under water for too long.
something to him like that. And he started getting better, you know? He was still a mess, especially after every holiday when he had to go back home,”
Stark merely looks at him for a long beat before he sighs in defeat and puts his glasses back on his face. He shoves his hands in his pockets and just looks at the archer as he says, slowly and clearly, “I am the last person to try to give you advice. But as someone who’s lost almost every person who’s been dear to me, I’m trying to help you. That boy loves you, but you
“What’s this about community service?” yet another voice says from behind them, and Tony turns around to see almost the whole gang making their way towards them. Danielle is giving Harley a stern look, and the boy tries to not look too guilty.
Thanks for all your congratulations, well wishes and encouragement!
he wants to say.
“I’d watch your language, if I were you, Pete,” Rhodey’s voice holds a trace of amusement. Tony enters the kitchen, about to make fun of his hypocritical brother, when he sees the other occupant in the room and Rhodes finishes his thought. “Cap has a thing for language.”
something. So when he’d gotten bigger, he’d taken to running in the early mornings before the rest of his unit was even up. He’d run drills with the other guys, sure, but he’d liked the lonely mornings best. After the ice, running felt even more important. Central Park or any other patch of green he could find made the tightness in his chest ease, if only a little bit. SHIELD HQ and the old facility had always felt like a godsend. Being able to just take off for a few hours to run through the trail set up for training had allowed him to just breathe.
They (Tony, Rhodey, Vision and T’Challa) are discussing the latest developments in the UN meetings they’ve been having to attend when she casually strolls into the communal living room of the facility. How she’d known where to find them, nobody asks. T’Challa gives her a warm smile, while Vision and Rhodey merely glance wearily at her. Rhodey more than the others seems a bit more hostile. Tony glances at her for a second, then looks back down at the papers in his hands. Suddenly what seems so urgent mere moments before becomes unimportant then.
Steve stayed in the middle of the Plaza until the last of the Asgardians and their dead disappeared in a rainbow beam, leaving just the mangled bodies of the Human soldiers as evidence of their visit. Steve’s throat worked hard to swallow for a moment, hanging his head down for a moment of silence.
“Thank you, your Highness.”
Thor blinked.
Thor enjoyed unbuttoning the minuscular workings on the gorgeous man’s back, delighting in revealing the ivory skin covering those taught, polished muscles. Thor dared to place butterfly kisses and sweet nuzzles to every slip of unblemished flesh uncovered, enjoying also the Captain’s shy squirming as he stood by the God’s attentions with a rising flush to his handsome face.
“Colonel Fury is on the line for you, they have Bruce and Steve in their headquarters”
Immediately he was released. The captain rolling off him with a satisfied smile. “Good call”
“I will if you do” He bargained. The doctor nodded and stepped away, letting the assassins come forward. Clint handed him a poster of his USO days with a scribbled, deformed Mjolnir drawn onto his hand.
“This is nice” Thor breathed to the dip of the Captain’s spine, where two defined, sensual dimples crowned the luscious plump of the man’s behind. Thor grinned jubilant as he took full advantage of his situation. “Heimdall can no longer hit me for touching you.”
“It is perfect”
The wet finger touched the warm shell of his ear and Thor broke like an autumn leaf “I yield!”
He opened his arms wide and was tackled by three hurried bodies. He laughed but curled over them eagerly. “I’ll see you for the wedding” He promised.
A pointed statement, but his earnest eyes and unwavering faith in the trembling, terrorized doctor helped him trough the worst of his panic and slowly, the green began to bleed out of his eyes until only Bruce Banner remained.
Loki had created more chaos than he had expected, merely by revealing his presence to the world. Thor had spent the past month as ambassador of Asgard, pledging again and again his protection and that of the All Father to these people, only for his promises to fall on deaf ears. Fear had seeped deep into the hearts of the people and no words could bleed through the fog of despair.
“Aye, Steven Rogers”
“I hope this will not encumber our friendship.” The God offered the man his hand in peace, startling the human warrior out of his prickly mood.
And the Doctor began to huff and groan ridiculously, an obvious acting as his skin remained it’s olive tan, but the children did not see this and began to scream a series of increasingly desperate ‘No, no, no, no’s” as the doctor continued his ploy, chasing them even as they broke away in a startled sprint.
Steven frowned at this, his righteous brow furrowed at the misdeed, Thor could not fight the swell of tenderness in his chest as he confided his best hidden secret.
Steven laughed, gasping slightly when Thor jumped on him, molding his mouth over the Captain’s for a share of questing, happy kisses; trapping the book onto the Soldier’s chest and left forgotten for the evening. They had not kissed like this since their wedding night, some random pecks here and there, but never like this. Thor curled his fingers into the Captain’s short, golden locks, delighting in the softness of it. Steven answered his kisses with sweet caresses, shy and uncertain as he curled his hands on the God’s biceps.
“Late.” Tony declared, eyes wide and bright and so full of hope “Stay… Stay with me now”
The Captain panted and watched him closely, the intelligent master tactician coming afore now as he eyed Thor from head to toe.
“Absolutely” Thor lied “He can hardly wait”
“Don’t” Thor said vehemently “You should never let go of the things that made you. I ask you simply to open your arms to receive something new”
Chapter 22: A God’s Wedding
“If you would follow me, gentlemen” Thor’s voice sounded as the prisoners gathered around him “The All Father awaits”
The Captain laughed and pulled away to follow the Director’s shadow down the corridors of the palace. “I will see you for Dinner”
“I’m calling for clothes.” Steven said, striding off with purpose towards the antechamber doors where their guards stood in silent vigilance.
“You need Jesus.” The Captain admonished with a yawn, dragging his feet to the bathrooms and away from the chuckling God.
The Hulk nodded with a grunt and a smirk “Captain smash… Brooklyn style.”
The Starlord giggled childishly as the rest of his team batted the wooden creature away “Oh, that will never not give me shivers.”
The Captain frowned disapprovingly but joined him in the couch over only a second-long deliberation. A warning glance shot at the God before he relaxed into the furniture with a luxurious sigh.
“Wait, wait,
Then he shrieked as Mjolnir budged untouched and unprompted on the marble floor, a metallic scratch sounding as it slowly crawled forward in spontaneous bursts.
“I am lucky indeed, to be able to spend the rest of my days at your side. You on the other hand, have been cheated horribly”
“Yes Thor?” The Captain replied distractedly, taking another large, careless bite of his treat, loud enough to cause the God to wince.
Fury chuckled in his seat, unperturbed by the menace of an offended God. “I’m not questioning Thor’s honor” He said placatingly, before simply adding “I’m denying its existence.”
The men scrambled to help as Thor stumbled toward his twice loved, thrice hated Hammer and released the animal from the hold.
Then he clenched his eyes closed with a pained hiss and promptly fell to his knees before his Queen, his mother.
“No” Master Bragi smacked his lips primly “He needs not know of it, it hardly concerns him…”
The Widow snorted loudly, her eyes running over the slow, sensuous moves of the Asgardian dancers with a haughty expression “Not that I don’t know you can outdo them but do you really want to do that Clint?”
Thor cackled loudly, jostling his intended before pulling him closer for an enamored nuzzle to the man’s temple “You are truly a delight, Captain”
Fury scoffed and lowered his gun “I’m almost tempted to let you Idiots try. You’re lucky we found you first. How the hell did you plan to find the Captain in the first place?”
“Pretty sure Odin hates me now”
He took a second to consider, which was the biggest beast he had ever encountered in Asgard…?
“I have lost him, I know it.” Thor moaned into the pillow- his precious Steven pillow- allowing himself to spiral down into despair under Loki’s disdainful glare “I should have spoken with him, asked for his consent. Now I have lost his trust, he will leave and I will never see him again.”
“How can you be sure that this vow will keep, you say? I offer you a sign of Faith” With a flick of a wrist, Mjolnir was ripped from his fingers to his father’s outstretched hand, with startled cried the humans looked on in fascination as Odin set the beloved hammer on display and marched to the middle of the room.
“You know nothing of me!”
“Steven” Thor groaned when the man pulled away only to roll the God onto his back and straddle his hips in a confident, fluid motion. Thor’s breath caught in his throat as he gazed up at the Soldier, face flushed by both the drinks and his characteristic bashfulness as he settled on the God’s lap and curled over his stunned husband with a soft, simply darling smile.
“Thank you, Starlord.” Steven said, grateful and sincere, sidestepping quickly out from the tree’s reach as it produced yet another sac and thrust it forth.
Heimdall meets the UN, Odin and Frigga are cute and Tony spends some quality time with Pepper.
? what even?” Rocket exclaimed, little paws gripping at a bored Groot. The Director finished his text and grinned evilly.
“War can only happen between those of equal standing.”
After hours of bursts and fits of pleasure, kisses and sweat. Thor and Jane laid together, naked in the torn remains of Jane’s bedroom. Both satiated for the moment and basking in the afterglow. Thor allowed Jane to pass he fingertips wonderingly over his bare skin, unashamed in his naked flesh.
Thor nodded soberly to himself, hands clenching on the leather reigns as they were both pulled up the dirt road in a steady pace “So now, I have taken it upon myself to extract his vengeance.”
Thor burst into their wedded chambers eagerly, a happy greeting dying on his lips as he found his Steven standing solemnly by the tall windows, gazing out into the flourishing gardens with a large, golden apple in his elegant hand.
One after the other, they all failed to lift the mythical hammer. One after the other, began to cry foul-play. Day after day, armies of scientist and religious men marched into the halls of the United Nations and failed to explain the reason behind the immovable artifact. One by one subtly trying their hand to make the hammer to even budge an inch. Rituals and experiments where performed. All failed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t be crude, Colonel Fury.” General Ross admonished “The Captain knows his duty to this world, and he will see the wisdom of rising for the occasion.”
“Maybe if you had more sense, then defending your honor to the universe would not be so difficult!”
-----
“Like what you see, Captain?” Thor jibed.
“The trial will be this morning.” The Captain declared, gathering the bloody cloth and balms and putting them to the side as he took one of his sketching books from his nightstand and handed it to a curious Loki. “Since you still need those bandages I will talk for you. Here, you can write down anything you want me to say.”
“Would you read to me Steven?”
Thor followed the blush extend lower at the back of the Soldier’s neck with an intent, heated eye and ambled closer to stand flush against his husband’s body.
But what they found…
“What’s a rabbit?” Rocket murmured confusedly.
The God bit the Soldier’s lips one last time before pulling back and taking hold of his long neglected erection, giving it hard, near violent pulls; the glide of his fist smooth with the abundant leak of precum and filling the dark room with obscene, squelching noises as he serviced himself under the abject gaze of his husband, who followed the harsh fucking of his fist with open fascination, his breathing labored and gasping as Thor worked himself to release over his soft, spent cock.
“First of, Steve and I aren’t an Item” Stark snarled, though the two spots of heat high on his cheeks belied his words “I’ve barely seen the guy since the battle of New York and second: there are no man crushes, zero, nada, zip. AND Third of: If the man didn’t feel like coming, that’s on him”
“I… I request time, your Highness.” Steven pleaded, his voice firm over the astounded whispers and his own troubled thoughts.
Thor felt himself go fainter as his husband doled on excitedly, taking a knife to the steaming pastry of Hel, looking as tempting as any treat of damnation would. Thor’s mouth watered just at the memory of it.
He asked for the mirage of the men fallen in the battle to appear when the clock struck midday, their ghost image to emerge from the Council walls onto the plaza and form a front around the building, in memory of their service and death protecting the United Nations.
“Ditto” Barton interjected.
“My only concern rests in his age” Frigga continued with a worried voice “He is very old you see, millennia of wisdom lay in his mind… he may very well never take another student, after Steven.”
“Back bone”
Jormungandr flicked his tongue out like a whip, wrapping on the God’s waist and pulling him into the water in a blink. Steve barely had the thought of calling out when the high cackles of glee from the God halted his panic.
“I asked Odin to pull up the wedding” The Director confessed, relaxing in his couch under Thor’s startled eyes. Speaking in a clear, undisturbed tone. “It is in the Captain’s best interest, I think, to have this done as swiftly as possible. A longer engagement would only cause trouble.”
“These are our antechambers, here you can hold court and attend guests when you please so, you will have maidens at your disposition if you so require it. To this side are our bedrooms."
Thor shook his head “I have come to repair my wronging’s, if you would allow it.”
“You will bring the man to me, now”
Frigga nodded in awe. “The greatest one I have beheld since your father last hunted in the edges of Asgards Mountain side.”
“Steven” She repeated, testing the name on her tongue.
“You were hasty to give out that vow” She recriminated, finally voicing her thoughts after so long being kept back “You had no need to bargain his hand to the mortals” Frigga sighed sadly “I see your old thoughtless ways have not changed since you last visited Midgard”
By the time Thor arrived in America Stark had managed not only to surge from the ashes but renounce to his Ironman persona. For Love.
So when Steven pulled Thor into the most hearty, filthy, passionate kiss he had had this side of the Galaxy, Thor could only let himself be used, his toes curling as the Soldier’s tongue wrote laws and sonnets with his own.  The God felt his body melt under the Captain’s expert ministrations, a mewl escaping his otherwise occupied mouth when the man nibbled on his lips.
Banner cleared his throat, attempting to dissipate the air of aggression between the two men. “So, I think I’ll be going to bed now, it’s not good for my nerves to be sleep deprived.”
“He is a man now” The All Father argued, unbothered by the stern glare from his wife and his son’s embarrassed fumbling “there is no shame in the pleasures of your wedded bed.” Odin then turned to his blushing son with a cheerful grin “Now tell me my son, when should I bestow my blessing to the good Captain?”
“Oh, Tony” Banner sighed, having silently joined moments ago and leaning on the marble bar with a disapproving frown.
“Well, Steve” The Doctor groused, clearing his throat of the overwhelming emotion as he too offered his shaking hand to the Captain “Lovely ceremony; you know, before the aliens.”
------
“Where are you going?” Thor asked hurriedly, earning a second of confused batting of those lovely eyelashes while the Captain halted before the golden doors.
Frigga and Thor had twin confused looks and promptly followed suit.
“Never again” Tony agreed immediately.
“Aye, Father was furious.” Thor chuckled, patting the curled horns of the goats with affection. Never had Thor smelled something so foul. Nor had he met more unapologetic, blasphemous beasts. They were his heart’s pride just as Sleipnir and Jormundandr were Loki’s.
“I’ll see you in the altar, Thor”
“For Steven!”
“You’re going to marry Thor right? Is the wedding going to be here?
Silence filled the room as all the Tavern eyed each other and the stunned Captain; guilty hand in the air where he stood still before a dark-haired prostitute; with sharp intent and promptly bellowed.
“You will make the Captain very happy”
Thor crossed his arms over his chest, facing away from the Captain with a sullen expression, bed hair and rumpled dress an incongruent match to his pouting features.
“Good God, Cap” Stark gasped, his face both elated and flushed with a bit more than just excitement “What did they feed you down there?”
The dark-haired God snarled and turned, his hands curling into claws on his chest as he roared with impotence. Loki turned and paced, breathing agitatedly; dark thoughts clouding his sharp mind, he felt himself wavering under the woman’s soulful gaze.
Thor shifted on his feet, trying and failing to ease the grip of his trousers on his swelling manhood. Steven scoffed, blissfully unawares of his spouse’s aching state of arousal. “Oh please, it’s not even that bad! You should listen to what they’re singing these days on Earth. Nothing subtle about that.”
, pressing a desperate kiss to her shaking lips, physically blocking the words he didn’t, couldn’t hear, from coming out. Pepper gasped into his mouth, effectively giving him entrance to wreck havoc with his tongue, swirling and stroking, fucking it hungrily, so thoroughly that Pepper’s hands gave up their struggle on his chest and curled in frantic claws in his hair, nails scorching his scalp. Tony groaned, ripping his lips away from hers and pressing open mouthed kisses down the graceful arc of her neck, licking long stripes of her flesh and scraping his teeth on the spots he knew made her toes curl.
In the silent campsite, some meters away, the slumbering Warriors and Lady sat up with a startle as loud splashes and yelps where heard by the shoreside. Hogun, Volstagg and Sif sprinted out of their shared tent with weapons in hands. Ready to slay whoever dared poach on them and their Lords.
Some of his deadly intentions must have shown in his expression, because the representative squirmed and lifted his hands in platitude.
“I am Groot”
Mister Tom must have died alone. No record that Steve could find of the man’s death, or his burial. Gone as if he had never existed. Never cleaned the blood under Steve’s nose after an ill-fated fight, never given a scolding so magnificent and proper that the Queen of England would envy… Never stayed the night late so Steve could calm when his lungs just refused to draw breath and at five years old he’d be terrified to die in his sleep.
“It is an honor to finally meet you” The ebony god said, his voice smooth and deep as he walked forward, sheathing his broad sword in the scabbard at his wide back in graceful movements.
The Captain nodded firmly “So we keep the man off the ground and don’t touch the hammer.”
Thor arched a daring eyebrow at the deliberating Soldier. “Well, Captain? Are you up for the challenge?”
. “I mean, your Highness!”
Cheers!
He had done what he had to do, to keep Steve safe, he told himself; that’s all that mattered, it was done, the Captain was safe and free from these men who would just pawn him off at the first sign of a struggle. Like he wasn’t worth the fight. Tony clenched his jaw, turning a corner sharply and startling an Agent out of his way.
Steve’s shoulders began to shake, but he valiantly coughed to hide the laughter “Will do, Sir.”
Thor swallowed harshly, his blood burning at the admission of the shared bond; of course, Steven did not understand the deep meaning of this, the heated implications of such shamelessly shared words. But Thor did and he shifted into a straighter posture, inconspicuously taking a cushion from the couch and onto his lap as he croaked.
“So, where are we going?” Steven finally asked, and Thor near recoiled as he realized they had wandered way past the halls of learning into another hall, Thor stumbled to a stop and bodily turned the two of them to walk back where they had come. Steven snickered silently through it all.
“I can’t promise that will be anytime soon, Thor” The Captain admitted, now looking down at their joined hands with morose eyes. Thor clenched the fingers intertwined with his own, trying to take the words for their value and not as a rejection to himself.
