Interviewer’s voice: “There is quite a low amount of turnover here, despite the demanding nature of the work. What about for you - will you stay a long time yet in this job, in Zermatt?”
And, while he’s at it, he doesn’t know if his coach is down there either. If the two of them haven’t just packed their bags and their medals and left him to fling himself down a no doubt well-deserved ice cliff of self-pity all alone, to a chorus of strangers. Maybe they’ll watch it on telly on the plane. Maybe they won’t.
The burst of pleasure that explodes in Sherlock’s chest as he sucks John’s cock straight into his mouth makes him cry out around the hot skin. He clings to John’s thighs, the familiar mix of soft skin and hard metal and plastic, and he draws John into him as he takes him deeper into his mouth, caressing John’s erection with his tongue.
Johnny stalks towards him in the moonlight. “You – what the fuck was that today? Huh? The hell are you playing at?”
The bartender nods, eager. “All you Visitors who get three hours a week here? That’s the amount of time he spends in the World, but he ain’t dead. Crazy fucker spends nearly his whole life in here, fucking around with all of our lives who are Staying instead of just living his own life most of the week in the World like a normal person.”
Sherlock clears his throat and allows himself to look directly at John, remembering the feel of his skin underneath the pads of his fingertips.
He turns to John. John is looking at him like he isn’t on camera in front of the world. Like this isn’t the second time in all of history that they’ve touched intimately where others can see. Like Sherlock didn’t put him through hell by making him wait alone in the shadows, wondering whether he’d show up.
You must think Signal in the 1970’s was a whole different universe than the world you live in now—your new apartment in Boston. Your life there, and your school, and your friends. I guess in some ways, Signal in the 70’s really was a whole different universe. And that itself was a whole different universe again from the world where your granddaddy had to fight with bullets in a hot jungle.
Before I can say anything back she rises to her feet and gives me a small, wet smile, then picks up the Device in shaking fingers. She presses it to my forehead and the countdown begins.
He takes a step forward, and he looks down at me, peering through the shadows and the fog. Moonlight pierces the clouds, illuminating the patch of wet asphalt where we stand, and suddenly we lock eyes, blinking through the dark.
“I finally got her back home down the street. One of the other women finally helped me. Can’t remember for the life of me who she was. When we got home my father was on the phone. I don’t really remember much of what happened after that. But three or four days later he woke me and Mikey up really early and said to pack everything we had and be at the car in fifteen minutes. And when we went out my mom was on the porch.”
John’s chest clenches painfully, erratically squeezing on his lungs. “So you knew this whole time, then?”
He smiles to himself when he hears John huff again, then turn back to grab the other board. Sherlock stops at the shoreline and waits until he can hear John walking up behind him. Then he starts to strip.
It's just him, and his board, and the water. No crowd at his back, or wetsuit covering his skin. No time limits or post-surf work shift or tiny airless apartment waiting for him alongside the long stretch of traffic and smog and skyline.
“Alright, John, Christ, this lecture will make us late for the flight. You know that’s not at all what I meant, if you’d just think about something before gut-reacting. You honestly think
So John had risen to his feet on unsteady knees, reached down to pull Sherlock up to stand in front of him, and kissed him without warning, grasping Sherlock’s face in his hands. “I need you. Now,” he’d said against his lips, and Sherlock had followed behind him gripping his hand tightly on the way to their bedroom, eyes wide and soft and hungry all at once.
Vraiment? C’est de ça dont tu veux parler? Il n’y a rien de plus important en ce moment? : Really? This is what you want to discuss? There isn't anything more important going on?
Watson slowly pulls away from Holmes, reaching up to briefly cup his neck as they move apart. Neither of them glances warily back to the hangar. They just look at each other.
Her voice breaks the tiniest bit on the word “last.” It reminds me how implacable she’s been. Like an anchor.
But I damn well know better, and I know that the only reason why we don’t have two screaming newborns in our flat right now is because Sherlock fucking Holmes is a stubborn bastard and he is literally
Sonya steps closer, stuttering. “Sh-Sherlock, that was—I’m wondering if you have any new thoughts about y-your Gold? After the ceremony?”
“God,” John whispers. The touch feels obscene – Sherlock’s lips kissing his not even fully erect cock just like he would his lips, suckling and tasting the hot skin. Sherlock’s hands grip his hips. Hard. He reaches the tip of John’s now throbbing erection and sucks at the tip with his lips, gliding his tongue in slow circles across the dripping slit and groaning deep in his throat, closing his eyes and salivating down his chin like he can’t get enough of the taste.
Holmes, immediately: “Well, put the pieces together, why don’t you? You know we were both in Afghanistan exactly sixteen years ago. What are the chances –”
is flying. This is performing the impossible. He pushes his fingers deeper inside, trembling at the taste of Greg’s bare neck, the raw power of him laid powerless, and he thinks . . . he thinks . . .
I have absolutely no idea what to say. I can still taste him on my lips, warm and smoky, the feeling of hot grass on your back and an ice cube in your mouth in the late heat of summer.
John sniffs wetly through his nose and runs his hand over his eyes. “Fuck, I’m sorry,” he chokes out.
“Oh please, how many people do you think you’re fooling? There are thousands of you. Who in hell wears a full wetsuit at a surf competition in Los Angeles in July? Someone with something to hide. Can’t be an embarrassing tattoo – you’re too terrified of commitment to get one. You may be short but it can’t be anything with your physique. You rub at your fucking shoulder every chance you get when you think no one’s looking and you magically arrived here sleeping in a van two years ago with absolutely nothing to say about how you spent the last five years of your life and you stand up straight like you’re at inspection when you wait on the start line. The Navy was just a lucky guess – some sentimental bullshit having to do with your childhood spent in the waves I’d guess. Combine all of that with the fact you keep even your closest friend a twenty foot pole’s length away from your actual thoughts and that you change your shirt in secret alone behind a lifeguard station after just winning the competition of your life and I’d say I’d have to be an absolute airhead not to have worked it out before,
? Because you are bored. Because you have no one to be listening to you. Because you want to go skiing at three o’clock in the morning. Because you want us to make you the dinner at three o’clock in the morning. Should I continue?”
She blushes a bit, and looks down at her feet. “I’ve – actually I’ve got a date tonight,” she says, lips quivering on a restrained smile. She looks up at me, eyes bright. “With Peter.”
Good God, is he saying all this out loud? Has he lost all reason? But Greg isn’t pulling away in embarrassment. No, he’s crushing Sherlock on top of him with the full strength of his arms, warm and covered in soft hair, kissed from the sun; with hands that gripped Gold-medal-winning poles, that caressed John’s leg. He’s rocking on Sherlock’s fingers, moaning into his ear. He’s letting Sherlock kiss him—the ugly parts, and the scared parts, and the infuriating parts, and the addict parts, and the recovered parts, and the parts that fell in love with John Watson half-way down a mountain, and the parts that would stop skiing if it made Greg’s life infinitesimally better—every part of Sherlock Holmes, being begged to kiss him.
Birthing twins naturally is no walk in the park. It was a surprisingly uncomplicated birth, even they remarked they were surprised, but still. He was in so much pain. Each time I offered, I could see him take a moment to think it over. We knew that Mycroft could have a car here in about 30 seconds, and Mrs. Hudson downstairs was practically scratching on our front door to be let in and help somehow, because hearing Sherlock’s cries from downstairs had to be heartbreaking. We knew that being in hospital wouldn’t make the birth any less special. Rationally we knew that.
Thinks of Johnny Watson’s blond fringe under a sailor’s cap. Of his thighs dripping with wet sand and glistening with sweat, tan and firm against his own shivering skin. Thinks of the sinking, desperate look on Johnny’s face when Sherlock had taken off his sunglasses and looked over at him halfway through his own ride across the face of the barrel. Thinks of Johnny’s stunned face on a crowded pier.
No, Sherlock would sit down, pushing them apart, sliding cool wool between their warm skin, and he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from blurting out
She reaches forward hesitantly and places her hand on my wrist. Her soft fingers are warm, and her voice is low and gentle. “You know that there isn’t a cure for him?” she says. My doctor’s brain tells me to nod yes, so I do. She smiles grimly, just at the corner. “He’s wanted to go for a long time. To go and finally Stay.”
I opened my eyes, expecting him to start pulling off me to get ready for the day. But when my eyes met his, he didn’t move. He didn’t even shift his weight.
Something hot spreads through John’s chest. He suddenly feels stupidly foolish for not telling Greg and Sherlock that he had his test that morning—for somehow thinking that they would just go on with their breakfast and their day without even trying to see him. Especially since he hadn’t gotten to see them again after Sherlock completed his first training runs the night before.
Greg glances once between Sherlock and John, a blank look on his face. Sherlock waits for the inevitable half-hearted scolding over it all, but instead, Greg only says, “And you came here? To see me?”
“But this,” Greg continues, holding John’s shirt out to him like a trophy. “Today—you deserve every second of this day. Think only of this day. You will want to remember.”
had to go and open his big mouth about this thing we’re doing over a damn microphone last week at the Billabong.”
Johnny clearly thinks he doesn’t remember what happened on the pier. No human being has ever been more wrong in their life. Sherlock remembers exactly what happened on the pier. He remembers the way his breath caught in his throat, and his bottom lip dropped open, and his heart felt like it would explode on the spot. Remembers Johnny emerging from the crowd like a lighthouse through the fog.
“It’s only been four days, you haven’t lost any strength.” Scotty rises to his feet and faces him. “You proved to yourself just now that you aren’t afraid.”
I knew that face. I knew it like I knew the back of my own hand. It was impossible to look into his face that morning and feel afraid, or secret, or alone. Impossible to feel anything but
John stands there, nearly dumbfounded in the murmuring hum of the room, as the woman quickly gestures towards the ‘Olympics’ check-in tables—the lines and lines of statuesque athletes standing brawny and tall, and then,
” right before flashing John a wink, pulling down his goggles, and then pushing a sputtering John straight down the slope on his monoski for the first time. Utterly without warning. The man who followed immediately behind in his swerving wake, calling out, “
Sherlock hums. “My mother was the queen of calling out other people on their shit. I just didn’t realize at the time she only ever did it when she was hammered.”
So John had joined them, neck red with embarrassment, and then grown even more surprised when Chris hadn’t immediately taken them outside, joined hands, said the magic words, and been done with it all and gone by ten-thirty. Instead he’d leaned back comfortably in their rickety wooden kitchen chair and drank his coffee so slowly John had to get up to use the bathroom twice before Chris was done getting through his first cup. He’d asked John about his life – where he grew up and what he did and where he’d surfed. And when John had glossed over a few years of his life with a low, “I was away,” Chris had taken one long look at him in the silence, then stuck out his hand and shook John’s hard and firm over the rough kitchen table, giving him a nod that John knew in his tight chest meant, “thank you.”
John’s mouth twists, but his eyes are warm. “You tit. Greg is asleep considering it’s arse o’clock in the morning, and well past ten. And the vans aren’t even running anymore. I am
Sherlock shuts his eyes tight as he feels John’s breath shutter in his body. John makes a wet sound just at the back of his throat as his hand comes up to grip Sherlock’s forearm, and his head nods gently against Sherlock’s chest.
He runs his warm hands up and down my arms and breathes life into my skin. Slowly peels off my layers and unbuttons my shirt and looks at me like he can’t even believe I exist. Here, in his arms, in his home. Here in Time.
The air in John’s lungs releases all at once in a surprised laugh. “You know I didn’t, you dick. An idiot would be able to tell if I did.”
After a stunned pause, Rick puts on his fakest smile and holds out a gloved hand. “My apologies. Thank you for the pleasure gentlemen,” he says, the last word coming off as a bit ironic. He shakes Greg’s hand, then John’s, and turns away, already whipping his mobile up to his ear, probably to complain about the way Super-Greg just treated the press, or to sell the dramatic story of John’s naivety to the highest bidder.
I’m staring at him from a foot away. I can see his jaw clench and flutter like he’s nervous. Waiting for a punch.
She always called him a crusty old shrimp when she was happy – when her Friday night date after her shift at Lou’s diner went well and she came home to John already tucked in his bed with the bowl from his cornflakes washed and drying in the sink. She’d step out of her little white Baby Doll shoes with her pink and white frilled waitress cap still bobby pinned to her curls and press a kiss to his salt-free forehead drowning out the sound of the waves. And John would pretend to be asleep while she rummaged through the hamper of their clothes all fresh and dry from the laundry line in the sun until she found his little pale blue swimming shorts and set them on the bed for him to find as a surprise when he woke up to the clanging of his Bugs Bunny alarm clock. The promise of a full Saturday’s worth of daylight spent waist deep in salt water and sand.
“Actually, looks like she’s gone and invited you too,” I finally say, speaking over Sherlock puttin’ some fat strips of bacon on to fry.
He’s clearly panting hard, slamming his poles into the ice with every stroke. And his stride looks off, a bit lopsided, as if he’s putting more and more weight on his left leg, not trusting the right.
John’s heart is pounding. He’s frozen. Lips locked into the last position they’d been in when Sherlock had pressed his tender mouth to his.
Sherlock will get Greg Lestrade that fifth Gold if it kills him. Whatever it takes, whatever the stakes, however much pain, he will stand up at that top gate in two bloody days and leap off into the air and ski like he never has before in his life. He will have the perfect run, the cleanest run, the
“I shouldn’t have had to overcome anything in the first place. John’s been through much worse and never did what I did. And it was all over nothing but disappointment in a Silver medal. I brought my own embarrassing failure on mysel—”
She looks out the window and I glance up at the side of her face. The clench of her jaw reminds me of what Sherlock’s face looked like after he whispered that he misses me into the fragile silence. I want to cup her cheek with my palm and smooth it away. Instead I stand up and go to the cabinet where I keep a half-full bottle of whiskey. It was full when I bought it a week ago. I pour out two splashes into little teacups and pass one to Alma Jr.
I want to ask him why he ain’t moved to a big city – why he stays in little towns with two restaurants or less and keeps ranch handin’ like it’s the only thing his little brain knows how to do. I want to ask him if he misses the rodeo, the thrill of tearin’ through a little dirt stadium on a horse and all the crowd holding their breath in the blinding white lights. I want to ask him how come he never gets bored of Baker. Of me.
He’s just about to make up a quick excuse to leave to get the two boys out of more awkward fumbling when a third athlete sprints up, wrapping his arms immediately around Connor and Asher’s shoulders with a great huff.
He pushed the sheets off himself with one swipe of his firm hand, glorious sunlight rolling down his broad back, the freckles on his shoulders, the strength still clinging to his spine.
Scotty stands still gazing at him, hands helplessly wringing at his sides. John dares him with his eyes to keep fighting – to put up another ridiculous, pointless, goddamn unbelievable selfish excuse why John should go out and embarrass himself on Scotty’s home turf tomorrow. Finally Scotty ducks his head and nods, taking another step back.
And Sherlock is just beginning  to realize how rapidly his heart is beating, thudding in his chest. That there’s the smallest stirring of heat pulsing deep in his belly, curling his toes against the cool bathroom tile, when suddenly:
Then he’d immediately regretted it as a small, sad sigh left Greg’s nose. Greg—who had clutched Sherlock’s hand mere hours ago watching John’s race. Who had teased him, and laughed with him, and shared his illicit biscuits. And who now looked like the world would never bring him joy again.
“Little bear cub. Goddamn horse spooks so easily I thought we was gonna be bear food before the night was over.”
“Sherlock,” says John’s voice, the very sound of it full of love. “Look out the left, try to find our house. We’re passing over Chamonix.”
All things a dumb cowboy would say. He makes it so I don’t even need to say ‘em, and I can’t figure out whether I’m grateful or downright irritated. I think a lot on that ride as I watch him fight with his horse. It has a low startle point. I told him that when we was down waiting for the sheep to be let out their corrals but he just stood and stared at the horse for a full two minutes then jumped on without hardly a problem at all.
John startles and looks up at Chris watching the two of them with an amused smirk, then coughs to clear his throat while something like embarrassment fizzles in his skin. He can practically hear the laughter he knows Sherlock is hiding back in his chest standing next to him.
The pain and betrayal still lingering in his chest from earlier have been punctured—deflating as they’re gently draped with the warmth of John and Greg’s soft skin.
Except that’s absolutely ridiculous. Sherlock hasn’t give him anything at all. John did this for himself. For Helen. And his look at Sherlock had simply been a reflection of his inner sense of accomplishment. It hadn’t had anything at all to do with the fact that Sherlock himself was standing on that shore amongst the crowd.
He silently adds these thoughts to the growing list of things that have spiraled out of his knowledge or control, like apparently the fact that his entire career would come down to ninety bleak seconds, or the question of where John Watson slept last night, or the Austrian’s official time (
I whip my hand away like I’ve been burned and gasp. I can feel Scott’s spine go hard as steel against me, his breathing barely moving his ribs against mine. It’s dead silent in the tent. I can hear an owl cry out in the woods, and the hissing wind rustle through the firs. My mouth waters. My body’s shaking, and my muscles feel hot as coals. I’m terrified in the dark. My stomach roils like I’m fixin’ to vomit, but my fingers twitch to get their hold back on the warm, gentle body laying against mine.
John sighs through his nose. He lifts his arm from Sherlock’s chest and places his hand on Greg’s cheek.
Watson’s voice, as we stay on Holmes’ dire view of the crushing wall of ice: “You know, he’s . . . he’s a part of the team. He’s a part of my team. I’ve seen him do incredible things, just like I’ve seen all the other guys do. And he’s had my back. . .”
The breeze picks up, blowing locks of frizzy curls over Sherlock’s eyes. By the time he successfully sweeps his hair back from his face, Johnny’s standing beside him, looking out at the ocean.
Watson, after a hard swallow: “There was . . . there was this tiny piece of rope, just a few inches, sticking up out of the snow. It was the only reason I even found him – he’d fallen on the other side of these rocks, but from where I was searching, it just looked like endless snow. It was . . . Christ, it was insane. What if I hadn’t seen it? What if it was buried? What if --”
John tries to nod, but it comes out as a strange jerk of his head. The water slaps against his back, the rock rushes up to meet his face.
His words slice through me like a hot knife. Pierce my lungs. I want to pick up handfuls of sharp sand and hurl them - straight into his face like a child.
the Ceremonies from his hard plastic seat carried even more honor than all that dribble of carrying the flag.
, you thought I just did that to show off and then booked it out of here to escape everyone,” he says. “Makes sense. You
Then it happened. A kick! A tiny, inconceivable pressure that pressed out from inside of my love and pushed gently into our palms. We both gasped and stared down at his belly, silently pleading with the universe for it to happen again. And, because Sherlock has the strongest will on the planet, it
Another crash cuts John off mid-sentence, followed by a royal string of curses in English and French raining down through the ceiling. There’s an odd tension radiating from John where he stands in the doorway, and Greg can feel through the creaking floor the way John’s shifting his weight awkwardly between his foot and the crutches.
As always, thanks to P for her heroic translation efforts and incredible help. And thanks to all of you for joining me in this universe. Your kind comments after last chapter were so appreciated.
I can’t help it. I let myself smile and run a warm hand over my face to try and pull myself together. I have no idea who I am anymore sitting in Sherlock Holmes’ truck barreling away fast as possible from Signal.
She leans in close to me. I can smell her soft perfume. A crazed, confused part of me wants to beg her to take me with them – take me to the cinema and the restaurant and the bar. Let me walk behind them and pay for their dinner.
The question stops me in my tracks. My brain spins, trying to think of a moment when Sherlock’s wrist alarm had ever gone off. It hadn’t.
” Like he should be handing John’s hand back off to Greg and then backing slowly away, leaving them perfectly alone.
Sherlock holds his breath as John goes in for another wave. It’s a monster – rushing in under his board and soaring him up into the air. Sherlock can tell John’s shoulder is hurting him. He wants to kick himself. Of course it’s hurting him. He hasn’t surfed in four fucking days besides the warmup time this morning. He should have helped him stretch it, or given him a Tylenol, or brought him some ice or
John swallows down a hard, hot lump as he scrolls through every message one more time to check. But there’s nothing from Greg. He struggles to turn the sock for his stump right-side-out, shoving his phone between his ear and his shoulder after dialing Greg’s number, his heart racing as he waits for it to ring—
John yanks his t-shirt the rest of the way over his head, grabs his crutch and leaps to stand, hopping towards the end of the row.
Sherlock steps back, then his heart jolts as John reaches for his hand and squeezes it, just for a moment, before they’re practically pulled apart by warring interns in some sort of race to see who can get their athlete settled on the couch the quickest. Mic checks are done, and the lights turned on, and Sherlock feels blinded and dizzy by the nauseating colors as Sonya and Rick turn their fake smiles to the camera and countdown three . . . two . . .
John lifts his hand in a wave as Greg pulls away from the curb in his truck an hour later, wheels revving so he can make it home to change and shower before his shift at the station. The dust along the side of the highway swirls around John’s shins in a sandy cloud, and the hot morning sun beats down onto his back, high and bright in the sky.
“It’s all too dark,” he moans against my chest. I ain’t never heard him talk like that before in my life – so helpless and lost, like a little bird that tried to fly to the top of a mountain and got too tired halfway. “It’s too . . . I can’t see it all, the way you can. It’s . . . everything’s too dark –”
” plain as day in my head. I blink hard and shake my head. “Sorry, I’m an idiot,” I mutter with a small smile, and he blinks once to agree. I don’t want to go.
Before he can finish his sentence, a new beeping sound suddenly bursts through the noise. Watson jumps, startled, and whips his hands away from doing their next compression on the patient’s chest.
Keith Hartman’s love affair began when he signed his name on that crisp white piece of paper, pen ink flowing smoothly throughout the whole entire “K.” He had green eyes like the grass on a baseball field, and hair that’d been cropped in a military cut since he was born, and a whole hallway back at his momma’s home in Alabama covered in Navy medals going all the way back to 1805. Straight gleaming white teeth that could be their own lighthouse in the middle of the foggy, black nights. He wrote letters home to his girlfriend Lila May, waiting and praying for him on an Alabama farm. He told the other sailors during mess hall that her tits were the prettiest little buds you ever did see. He told John in the black of night, shoulder to shoulder on the starboard deck, that really she was keeping her skirt pulled down and her blouse buttoned up until the day she had a wedding ring on her finger. He had danger in his eyelashes and adventure in between his toes. Lit up like a firework when he stood shoulder to shoulder with John standing at attention and found out the two of them were among those chosen for The Mission.
“Sherlock,” he whispers, meaning so much more than a name. And Sherlock reaches for him and pulls him close into his body, meeting his lips in a warm, deep kiss and letting his hands roam steadily up and down John’s broad muscled back. John’s gentle, rough fingers are on his hips, his ribs, his biceps, the dip in the middle of his chest, fingers curling softly through his fine, thin hair.
Chapter 3 will probably be up within the next 2 weeks. Thank you so much for reading, and my sincere thanks to everyone who left such lovely feedback on the first chapter. I was so delighted!
Holmes holds the back of Watson’s head, pulling him closer. His confusion is gone. It is different from the hug we witnessed back in the storage room weeks before. It is softer, somehow. Calmer.
“It was not about trust in you. It was . . . it was trust in this. All of this. The three of us, it is not an easy thing to put the full trust in—there is so much that feels unknown.” He briefly touches John’s hand. “John, it was nothing you did.”
All my gratitude, as always, to my beta bakerstmel, who took this chapter from a rambling mess and somehow lifted a fierce, clear John up out of the rubble.
I burned with the overwhelming power of those words. Like he was spoiling me by drowning me in a river where I could still breathe.
“Sherlock?” Greg whispers, his heart beating an unsettling thump in his chest, making his legs feel weak. “
Greg, hefting his pack on over his unzipped uniform, replies in French: “Didn’t receive the details yet from the radio call. All I know is an accident near Rothorn.”
Greg gives a self-conscious laugh. “I should hope so. We have plenty of years left. I cannot be predictable.”
We then cut rapidly to a series of reactions to the same question from the rest of the team. Dominic barks out a sarcastic laugh, Gerold shakes his head and curses under his breath, Sam looks straight at the camera and says, “just, no,” and Robbie gives a slow laugh while looking off into the distance before rubbing his hand over his eyes.
“We’ll lure him down the dead end at the pier, and then I’ll Dispatch him,” the stranger calls back over the wind.
Sherlock wants to say something horribly amusing and clever about Group Captain John Watson coming out in full force in the shadows, but then John’s mouth is on his in a desperate, bruising kiss, sighing across his tongue and filling Sherlock’s mouth with wet heat.
The poor blokes couldn’t have sounded less disinterested now in John’s “guns and shit” if they tried. John wonders whether he should find it worrying that he really doesn’t blame them. He thinks, not for the first time, not even for the hundredth time, why anyone in their right mind would want to watch him ski and shoot a gun when they could watch someone else ski
He holds up a hand just as Sherlock barges down the stairs with crashing thuds, shirt half-unbuttoned, curls in a complete riot, and the prosthesis gripped in his hand raised up over his head.
John clears his throat roughly. “I’ll tell you everything. I’ll tell you, just –” He pauses and gentles his grip on Sherlock’s cheek, tilting his head down so that he can rub his nose softly along Sherlock’s, breathing in long and deep. He whispers so softly Sherlock can barely hear him over the roar of the waves.
“You came,” Greg says, so soft that John can only piece together the words from reading Greg’s chapped lips.
“Oh no. . .” he starts to say, but then Scotty is pulling off his shirt and stripping down to his boxers.
Once they go a whole two minutes without seeing another person, Greg finally pulls over at the very end of the tiny road and clicks off the engine, nothing in their sightline but rolling mounds of fresh, untouched snow. It feels unthinkable that the bustling Olympics is only fifteen minutes behind them, and that cities and highways and houses are probably hidden just over the hills in the close distance; they’re as alone as they could possibly be in Pyeongchang. Just as Greg starts to get out, Sherlock seems to realize for the first time that they’ve arrived. He holds his hand up to stop him.
“I know,” he whispers softly, eyes crinkling. And then he gestures his head for John to go on and finish getting ready while he goes to answer the door, hand still and steady on the doorknob.
Sherlock doesn’t even flinch. He skis back to the lift, not raising his face to look again at the screen or the stands. His shoulders look tight and slumped.
“The Ukrainian? He only missed a single shot at World’s. But the year before, it was four. And lap-average in January was slower than John’s.”
“I was just thinking the same thing,” he says. The smile on his face hurts his cheeks. The salty breeze tingles across his sensitive lips, carrying the taste of John’s mouth across the sand on a gentle, soothing wind.
Sherlock hums softly, and suddenly the yearning in John’s chest grows so strong he thinks he’ll moan out loud at the clutch of it. “I know Hank’s already watching the shop for a few days but . . . you think we can ask him to add a few more?”
Sherlock freezes. He hadn’t even noticed the name slip out. He starts to panic, even more than he already is. He feels like the air is crashing down onto him, burying him under too much breeze and oxygen. He desperately hopes he didn’t pause too long. His voice is churning with frustration.
He’d known the race was postponed—had received an email about it about thirty seconds after they got Sherlock into the medical center doors. The weather had picked up enough after Sherlock’s fall that the skiers from number twelve onwards will have to complete their second preliminary run two days from now, when the course will be free again after the Downhill prelim. And
I take a second to slip back into bein’ daddy, shed off the stranger I become when I’m up in the mountains with Sherlock and remember who Alma Jr. thinks I am.
John scratches his fingernails through Greg’s hair and bites the lobe of his ear, whirling his tongue inside. Greg curses and grasps John’s lower back above him, the thrusting power of his hips, and his palm glides along the bursting strength of John’s thigh—the thigh which is snaking between Greg’s trembling legs, pressing their bodies together in a tight heat, and John’s hand, his warm, powerful, steady, capable hand.
I pull back just to be able to speak. “It’s alright, Sherlock,” I whisper. His hands are shaking on my cheeks. Holding on tight. I gently run my palm down his muscular arm, resting in the crook of his elbow. “It’s alright.”
“That’s not – seriously, how did you know the hotel? And that I would stay here? We hadn’t even . . . you know. We hadn’t even said I was staying here,” he says.
I pulled away pretty embarrassed, wiping my face on my sleeve. Greg immediately asked for the ultrasound photos, which I keep a copy of tucked away in my wallet and had never before taken out, even to look at myself. He held the glossy paper so delicately in his calloused hands for a long time. “Sherlock made this,” he whispered. “He made these two beautiful little girls.” I tried not to choke up again as I barely got out “yeah, yeah he did.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say—if he can possibly put the emotions in his chest into words. Instead, he moves his palm over to John’s thigh and squeezes. John covers his hand and silently squeezes back, looking out at the starlit snow as it rushes past the cart.
Out of the buzzing silence I hear Catherine screaming my name, echoing like a wail in my head. My eyes sting hotly, and I force myself to press on. “Your nurse told me you finished the prototype for this place decades before anyone else could Visit,” I spit out. “What – did you just want to keep your little sandbox to yourself? Only gave it up once the government offered you some cash?”
I remember the precise moment I decided to start up this journal of sorts. It was just yesterday, so I guess it’s not really that incredible that I remember. I was finishing an orange, far too sour and that should have ripened for another two days on the counter, and running the tips of my fingers briefly under the tap in the sink to rinse them, when the thought struck me like a brick.
John would know the clean lines of that skier anywhere. Would know them in his dreams, with his eyes closed, in the middle of a storm.
After almost a week of this I can’t barely stand it no longer. I think of our first few days up on Baker when I was high as a kite to be away from him and on my own at the camp, and it makes me want to kick an empty can as far and as hard as I can just to hear it cling against my boot. It’s lonely as hell up on the bluff in the little pup tent with the sheep, and my hand strays in between my legs in the choking black of night more times than I care to admit.
It nearly knocks the wind out of Sherlock. He hastens inside and strips off his shirt, also leaving on his running shorts. It’s ridiculous. He’s been shirtless in front of hundreds of people – thousands. He’s a champion of a sport where the entire point is to
And Sherlock’s still looking up at him with an apology on his face, and John can feel that Sherlock is still completely soft where he’s pressed into John’s hip, and John kisses right next to Sherlock’s worried eye with a quiet hum.
The scene slowly comes into focus on a stretch of empty road, flanked on either side by fields of green grass and delicate wildflowers. Beyond the greens, rolling hills stretch up, framed by the very distant peaks of the Alps like tiny specks of crumbling white.
Discordantwords created this absolutely gorgeous painting of Sherlock standing alone at Waimea before dawn, pining after John.
John lets out a sigh, half pleasure, half exasperation, as Sherlock presses pause on the video, drops his glasses and iPad haphazardly onto the floor, and scoots towards them in the bed, not even wincing at the clattering of the screen on the hardwood.
Over the booming loudspeakers, he hears the familiar voice of Sonya Wesley filling the stadium, and the crowd erupts with fresh applause.
“Just you being there is enough, you know,” John whispers, suddenly desperately earnest. “You there with us.”
I look. We have thirty minutes left, so I nod. And it hurts me so sharply I think that I’ll bleed when he lifts himself from the bed and throws on his clothes. When he looks back once into the lighthouse and then walks out to wait for me, head low like he’s just said goodbye.
“Hey now,” he whispers, pulling Sherlock’s face down towards him. Out of nowhere an odd sense of calm drapes over his skin, banishing the panic and replacing it with warmth spreading through his veins. He grips Sherlock’s wet cheek harder in his hand as Sherlock tries to hold back the choked sounds in his throat.
Sherlock hums deep in his throat, wetly kissing his bite mark before moving his lips back between the crease of John’s ass, kissing their way back to his open and dripping hole. John shivers up his spine as Sherlock licks a slow stripe across his opening, starting at the thin and sensitive skin of his perineum and ending up in the small of his back.
My throat grows hot. “Sherlock . . .” I start to say, but he goes on, voice rough, “And I know she ain’t even mine, I don’t have any claim to her, not anything, but I wanna protect her from it all, you know? I wanna . . . I don’t wanna give her this world, John. Not like this. Not the way it is. For her. She’s too . . . she shouldn’t have to have that. All of this. The . . . the flames, and the ashes. That ain’t hers to carry.”
And she’d gone deathly pale, and swayed on her feet, and patted my arm in a daze before tearing away to stumble through the hall. “Just need to make some calls, Dr. Watson,” she’d said.
Instead he holds on, and looks only at him, and tries to focus on what Chris is saying next to them as Greg and Molly watch on from just off to the side.
.” He wants to kiss the man who just stunned a crowd of hundreds into remembering that he is still the champion of their waves. That he can stand there and be ridiculed and lied about, hated and despised, and still rise above them all without even breaking a sweat. John wants to taste the saltwater on his lips and shove him against a wall and fucking
Thank you to Mel, my muse of a beta. You reached out your hand and guided me along through my most complex fic to date. I would have been forever lost in the relationship dynamics, backstory, and plot if it weren't for you. I aspire to your depth and clarity.
He would close his eyes. Drift back to a sweat-soaked sleep. Dream of the hushed quiet before what should have been his last sunrise on earth. The way the fires had calmed, embers cooling with a hiss to harmless wisps of smoke, beautiful like black silk dancing in the thin light. The way the night-cool sand had cradled his burned skin like balm. The kiss of the crickets, welcoming sunlight, wishing him luck for his final journey.
He forces himself to turn his phone completely off so he won’t be tempted to text like he did the day before. He thinks of John walking around the Biathlon center with the German athlete they’d seen from afar in the parking lot. He thinks of John laughing, and eating a quick lunch, and drinking enough water, and enjoying the clear sky.
He rubs a palm over his shoulder and grimaces, studiously avoiding Scotty’s gaze. His work shift is going to feel like absolute hell. He shakes his head finally, not even answering Scotty back, and walks towards his bag to pack up and leave. Scotty is so goddamn unpredictable. One moment he’s calmly, patiently explaining a brand new technique to John, eyes soft but alight with excitement, body so close that John can practically feel the heat from his dripping skin. The next moment he’s an untouchable genius, telling John everything he did wrong and not even bothering to pay attention long enough to hear John’s retort.
Someone suddenly pushes John from the left, and he staggers sideways, nearly losing his balance. Their hands all whip apart.
He hums distracted, pale eyes roving over the building in front of us, looking like he’s building up a plan. “Something like that,” he says. His voice is guarded. A locked gate.
She smiles, and I chuckle under my breath. The roast is slowly gettin’ cold sitting uneaten on the table, but she don’t move to put it back in the oven to save it. Neither do I.
And John suddenly starts to put the pieces together, standing there staring down at his right foot pointing the wrong way.
It takes no time at all for John to get dressed and geared up for the outdoors. Sherlock silently praises John’s undying, military-grade organizational habits as the roommate tosses and turns on the other bed, threatening to wake up at any moment. It isn’t until John is walking toward the door and reaching for the handle when he turns back and frowns in Sherlock’s direction.
Sherlock’s words choke in the back of his throat. “I don’t understand. How . . . how?” He feels his own eyes grow wet, blurring out John’s face into a brilliant spot of tan warmth as he gazes down at him.
Looking like the feeling of opening the door to his house and seeing someone else’s shoes already sitting just inside. Worn and comfortable and home.
The gates in Super-G are spaced further apart than in the other alpine events Slalom and Giant Slalom (yes, really really), so the skiers don't have to make as sharp of turns, which allows Super-G skiers to reach much higher speeds, similar to speeds reached in the Downhill event where the gates are even *farther* apart. Super-G is basically 'Downhill Lite'. Competitors ski two runs in the finals, and the fastest combined time wins gold.
Sherlock takes advantage of Maxine’s utter absorption in John to quietly back away, hoping that his absence will lessen her interest in the matter. When he does, though, he immediately regrets it, because he sees a small crowd of people who all seemed to notice at the same time exactly who John is, and phones are coming out, spare bits of paper to be autographed, as the group descends on John until Sherlock can’t even see the top of his head.
Greg chuckles in response, and John feels the air settle and relax, clearing some of the thick, tense fog. “Anyway,” John goes on. “You made the right choice. Molly’s way prettier than me.”
Watson is still standing alone at the edge of the asphalt. He’s in normal jeans and a puffy grey jacket, looking out silently at the mountain in the early evening light. Everyone else has gone home for the day.
The man on the winch screams while looking down into the crevasse: “Sherlock, wait until I touch down! Don’t fucking go deeper until I’m there!”
they said. So John hauled himself from his crisp white sheets and clutched his creaking shoulder and hitched a ride on one of the supplies jeeps traveling thirty minutes south from Da Nang.
,” Greg whispers, his eyes shining, his hair like the sun on snow. Daybreak over a mountain of untouched white. The first warmth of spring.
Sherlock laughs, and John almost gapes at how easy the sound of it falls from Sherlock’s mouth. John can’t even begin to imagine what Scotty Holmes would look like laughing – standing tall on a beach with his sunglasses and his arms crossed and his lips in a permanent straight line. And here Sherlock is all loose-limbed and calm, looking over at John with a warmth John can feel throughout his entire body and laughing like it’s the most natural thing to do in the world.
“You give your order for next week’s supplies and load up the mule. I don’t want no funny business from you with the camp ordering, you hear? That’s your only job, keeping the two of you alive. Don’t fuck it up.”
But however he managed it, and despite his own embarrassment, Greg can’t say he isn’t grateful. Because for the first time since before the Olympics, the three of them are out in the snow, purely for fun, and not a single person has swarmed them to ask for an autograph or a photo. He feels guilty at his own relief, but basks in it all the same.
“Sir, yes, sir!” when John followed in Keith Hartman’s trail like the tail on a comet as they strapped themselves with dark green and rusting supplies and not enough water and too many bullets. Surely there were far too many bullets.
Holmes, in German: “I didn’t hear any more breathing from him. He was three metres below me, four to my left, to the north-east. He is there, but I think he’s gone.”
Watson, still looking over his shoulder at the skies: “I, uh. . . well, I made sure Holmes was stable. Checked him out for any injuries, treated that cut on his face. I’m not sure exactly what went on in the pit, but. . . they were pulling out the patient on the second stretcher by then. I heard Sam’s tone of voice. That’s how I knew the poor guy hadn’t made it.”
“How were your meetings?” he hears John ask, having no idea whether they’ve continued talking to him in the last few minutes and finally just given up, or if only mere seconds have passed.
We view the inside of the helicopter from a camera mounted at the top of the front windshield. Sam whistles a tune under his breath, then calmly communicates his coordinates back with the base. Beside him, Watson quickly pulls his mobile out of his uniform pocket and swipes open the screen. He looks down at it for a few seconds, shielded from view behind his thigh. A brief smile crosses his lips, more like a half-smirk, then he slides the phone back into his pocket. Nobody else in the helicopter has even noticed.
As always, a huge thank you for reading! To all of you who have been commenting so far, you have no idea how much it means to me to hear your kind feedback and encouragement. Seriously.
Now, though, he feels pathetic. He may have pulled rank the other day to get back at Sherlock in the Village, but somehow the thought of a true RAF-bearing on his body the way it looks these days makes his throat tight with nausea. He feels like an imposter. A limp uniform fluttering in the breeze without a body inside it.
Sherlock’s lips tremble, just barely, then he shrugs one shoulder. “We have Chris as a witness,” he offers.
The tips of Sherlock’s skis zoom towards the red line in the snow. The wind whips at his lycra suit with an audible roar. He dips his chin.
Sherlock grips John’s sides and runs his thumbs over John’s nipples until he’s pressing his chest into his touch, then he leans down and licks a stripe up John’s neck, pausing to bite him gently just under the ear. John cries out and grips the back of Sherlock’s head, holding him there in the crook of his neck.
Radio voice, in German: “Mission update for you: climber reported missing along the Simplon Pass late last night. Male, mid-twenties. Robbie took Dominic and Simon up early this morning to search for him, but the visibility was near-zero and they were unable to land or search.”
“Three years and seven months,” Sherlock hears himself say, staring oddly into space. He blinks, comes to, and realizes that John is balancing in the middle of the room on his leg. Sherlock quickly lunges for his prosthesis propped up against the wall, but John shakes his head and waves him off.
Suddenly, he sits upright again, and starts to work with a renewed energy on organizing his supplies.
Sherlock feels a weight lifted off his chest. One that had been sitting there hotly since John walked away from him quickly in the sand the day before while the blood still pooled achingly between his legs. After everything Sherlock’s done – all the games he’s tried to play and accusations he’s thrown, after all the bighting remarks and awkward, fumbling missteps, here’s John still calmly driving him in his car like it’s nothing at all. Body loose and relaxed even though he has to work later that day, like Sherlock’s mere presence is a balm. He realizes he hasn’t responded yet.
It was painful to paddle out with his shoulder, and his back spasmed as he tugged himself along one-handed. The water was too flat and his mouth too dry. He wanted to turn back. End it all before he embarrassed himself, or ripped open the stitches in his skin. But a little swell came in, and he paddled out to meet it, and before he knew it John was standing on his board on shaking legs, feeling the wind and spray rush against his face.
arrêtes de te faire des films : don't dream too much / don't kid yourself (look, it's an idiom, ok? they don't translate perfectly but you get the idea . . .)
John flinches back at the sound of his coworker’s booming, raunchy voice. He snatches his hand away and after a sharp nod turns and jogs back to the work site. His palm tingles by his side, and he fights the urge to wipe it off on his pants. He doesn’t turn around to look until he’s all the way back at the ramp, with his work shirt pulled on and his hard hat and gloves jammed back onto damp, tired skin.
I clear my throat, feeling like a little kid speaking up in class just after the teacher demanded silence. “And you? What should I call –”
John nods yes, and Sherlock suddenly catches the gaze of understanding between them. He feels like a moron for not having spotted it before. Too focused on himself, on the waves, on his ride. John looks at Hank like he’s seeing a friend from his past, still covered head to toe in camo with the jungle at his back.
The others all walk into the hangar, greeted by Greg, Dom, and other members of the team. Everyone congratulates Holmes as he slowly walks past, reaching out to gently pat his back, telling him in soft voices that they’re glad he’s alright.
as a basic reference. In my head, John has a slightly shorter residual limb than this kind dude, since John's amputation is the result of trauma, and I know from obsessive Youtube watching that this man had a planned amputation, but that doesn't matter here.
Cut to Gerold sitting in his office with his arms crossed on his desk. He leans forward, staring off to the side and biting down a grin.
The heavy, angular weight of John’s body on top of him is maddening. Sherlock thinks he might disappear. Float up out of his body and be carried out across the waves on the warm breeze. Instead John’s hands hold him down into the mattress as he presses one last kiss to Sherlock’s lips before moving down on his elbows towards Sherlock’s chest. John kisses him, every last inch of his bare skin. Sherlock can feel him tasting his skin with his tongue, covering his shaking, sensitized body with warm, wet traces of his lips. His touch is grounding. Soft.
Your granddaddy is the most beloved person in the whole world. He stands alone on the highest mountain peak as every breath I take, every choice I make, every sound from my lips, they all travel to the farthest reaches of these here mountains to cover his skin. To follow him. To protect him. To adore him. To keep him close.
The stewardess winks at him for the third time on this flight. John drums up his best courteous smile and shakes his head no, already turning back towards the window when she leans in and speaks again.
Instead he would be flailing, stuck and weak as he tried to force his way through the snow, limping hard on the uneven and steep, slick terrain, until Greg would have to leave Sherlock behind on the ground and run to help John instead. He’d have to help him bloody walk, or carry him on his back, all with the same terrified look in his brown eyes.
“I’ll find you before Hank and I head out, ok?” Then he’s off into the crowd, walking towards his board so he can wax up and stretch as if he isn’t about to do something absolutely, deathly insane.
John keeps waiting for the night to turn tense and awkward – for that panicked, internal alarm he felt flaring through his system in the Hermosa beach shower to start up again, loud and fierce now that they’ve held each other skin to skin in the shallows of the waves.
How could Sherlock possibly know something as personal as that and Greg not? Sherlock should deride him for such a show of stupidity—of course Sherlock didn’t know. He would have said. They would have discussed it. Or, if they didn’t discuss it, Sherlock would have moved heaven and earth to definitively prove to John that his fears weren’t true and thereby fix the problem. Didn’t Greg learn a single thing during their fight earlier? Sherlock could name for him five distinct instances when Greg should have realized that of course Sherlock didn’t realize John was wondering if they regretted letting him in.
John tries to calm his hammering heart and lets himself smile at the feeling of the warm wind whipping through his hair as he bobs and weaves down the windy slope of road that will get him down to the sand. Palm trees, patio coffee shops, and ramshackle surf bars zoom past him as he lets his body lean and sway with the movement of the skateboard hurtling over blinding pavement and hot asphalt. Sweat starts to tingle down the back of his neck and under his arms, and John curses under his breath when he realizes the only damn thing he forgot to bring from his entire apartment was sunscreen.
She frowns, licking her lips. “The pier will be too cold this time of year at night, I think,” she says. “But maybe there’s a café near the sea where you could go. One that’s open late –”
I realize with a jolt that I never planned what to say. The waves echo between us like a roar, filling the vast empty space between our bodies. I drink in the sight of him, let my eyes cling to his face. I know, more than anything, that this is why I was meant to Stay. To catch just one last glimpse of this man before I can close my eyes in peace. Dead to the World and Time forever. Really gone.
And yet . . . in this moment . . . Greg can’t bring himself to say any of his lines. He feels like a shell of himself. Who is he to be here with Sherlock Holmes after abandoning him for half the week? Who is he to speak their hidden language when the entire world knows that Sherlock belongs with John Watson?
Sherlock reaches around and cups my cheek with his hand, brings my face around so his lips can reach me. He kisses me softly, gentle. I can feel it spread through my body like warm honey, up each bone in my spine and through all the muddled up muscles in my neck. It feels like a Baker sunrise, raisin’ up its warm hands over our bodies on the precious few mornings we slept together long enough to see it. I can’t believe all that even happened to me and not to somebody else.
Sherlock sees now that he had two options when he first popped up on his board to catch his first and only wave of the set, following in Johnny’s wake.
A sudden alarm blares, echoing through the hangar. Watson immediately bolts upright, drops the carabiner to the floor, and tosses the clip-on mic back towards the camera. The camera follows, running, as Watson jogs towards the supply room by the line of bright red helicopters.
but fire, or blood, or the look on Greg’s face after he told him about vatican cameos that night in his room, or the fact that nobody will even give a shit if John wins a medal, because practically nobody’s still there to see—the grandstands sitting half-empty on the other side of the doors.
“Your daddy’s watch is in the glove box of your truck,” he says. He plucks the watch from Aguirre out of my frozen fingers. “I’ll take this.”
Sherlock steps out and walks towards me with a warm smile on his face. He pulls me into his arms before I can react and holds me so tight it makes me realize I ain’t been touched or held at all like that in nearly seven months. A breeze rushes across my cheek that feels like it came all the way down from Baker just to say hello.
Watson, ignoring him, and suddenly more serious: “Actually, when . . . when I found him, when I got separated from the rest of my unit, there was fog rolling in. A terrible storm. I couldn’t see a thing. But I was still trying to search, right? I knew they had to be close – the climbers. It was our mission.”
The softness in James’ voice, the uncomplicated acceptance, makes John finally look away from the mirror, like a task is completed. It’s finished. He saw it happen. “
When John sneaks a look, he glimpses long, black lashes tightly shut, a bead of water gathering in the corner of Greg’s eye, and then, with an emotion that feels like time freezing, he notices Greg’s left hand, hovering in the air above John’s metal knee.
I force myself to turn back to a tearful Nurse Hooper and reach out my hand for the papers. I don’t even read what they say. I sign them. Then I lean back so that she can stand by his side. She checks all of his monitors one last time, then runs a warm, damp cloth over his forehead. It almost hurts to watch her.
I find myself at the entrance of the club. The one I entered what feels like five lifetimes ago. I have absolutely no reason to, but I push open the door, feeling the warm buzzing sweat and sound slap with a blast against my face. Feeling nothing like the cold free air did against my face only a week ago, mixed in with the gentle whips of his curls brushing on my cheeks.
“See?” Sherlock suddenly says to John, as if Greg isn’t there. “I told you you should have checked in on him instead of just worrying about me. He’s even sadder now than when we visited the course together before Opening Ceremony.”
Alone in the shadows of the farthest corner, no intern fussing over his mic, or makeup artists trying to powder the sheen from his face. No producers thanking him for coming. His Gold medal, instead of draped around his neck, is clutched in his hand and half-stuffed into his pocket. And Sherlock realizes, with devastating clarity, that he’s been a fool.
I light up a new cigarette and pass it back to him, shaking my head against his chest. “You’ve always had me, Sherlock Holmes,” I say, and I don’t think I’m gonna say it until I do.
Everything is forgotten. Everything but his legs and the water and the board. John surfs like a machine, barrel after barrel, ride after ride, chase after chase. He’s the only person out there in the water. The only person on the entire beach. The only person underneath the sun. The towering waves push and shove against the bottom of his board, straining at the muscles in his legs and ripping at his core. They blast salty spray into his face and crush him in their whitewater – propel him faster than he’s ever moved on a board in his life and shove him back towards the shore again, and again, and again. He doesn’t stop. The only sounds in the world are the hurling crash of the great walls of water around him and the echo of his breathing in the long tubes of the barrels. He gouges into the face, rips cutbacks across the crests, soars up into the air and crouches down low against his board.
” John hesitates, eyes narrowed like he’s gauging Sherlock’s reaction, then he leans forward and kisses Sherlock softly on the mouth. Sherlock feels relief course through his body in pounding waves. He moans on a sigh as he relaxes under John’s brief touch, still shocked at the taste of John’s lips –
Watson suddenly nods out his window, and the camera cuts to two skiers in the distance making a dramatic, black-diamond-level ski down a perilous slope. A mini-avalanche of loose snow follows their trails.
I suddenly wish with desperation that the pain medication could numb my self-loathing the same way it’s numbed my aching limbs.
I hold his hand against my chest, and the room is silent and still. The whole World waits for Sherlock Holmes to be free. I kiss the back of his hand.
“Sorry, but if I didn’t interrupt that you two would have just had the ‘insult Olympics’ for an hour while me and Scotty stood here waiting,” she says. “To answer your question, he called us a week ago and somehow pulled plane tickets out of the air, and Greg had some vacation days left and I skipped some class and here we are.”
“Your strong suit is staying low and tight around the board, gouging into the face of the wave where Hamilton and Fu will just try to zoom out of the pipeline as soon as possible. Judges here love when you go deep and spend extra seconds inside the barrel, so try and use that to your advantage—”
He knows exactly who Scotty Holmes is. Who doesn’t? The very second day John had ever surfed with Greg, Greg got stars in his eyes and told him how he read in Surfer’s Journal that last month a nineteen-year-old kid stole someone’s board, ran straight out into the water in the middle of the First Annual Billabong Masters without even registering to surf, and took on the biggest fucking wave anyone had seen all day like it was just business as usual. Then he’d simply untied the ankle strap, left the board floating in the whitewater, spat his name over to the judges’ table, and disappeared off into the palm trees. It had taken almost six months to track him down to mail him the prize money.
He feels a moment of insecurity, thinking maybe Chris had expected some longer, more eloquent vow. But Chris simply nods and turns towards Sherlock, who’s still looking at John like he’s stunned, and he repeats the same thing to him. “Sherlock, before you say goodbye to your old life as one man, and welcome your new life as sea, is there anything you wish to say to him?”
“He’d be horrified if he knew how much you’re enjoying this portrait, which he despises,” Sherlock leans over to say.
“Shit,” Sherlock breathes. The crowd groans in sympathy, then switches to cheering wildly for O’Brien as he whips down the towering pipeline, riding the first full barrel of the set. Sherlock knows John’s well aware of the time quickly ticking down. He’s probably got a rough estimate of points in his head, same as Sherlock and everyone else does when they’re out past the reach of the voices on the beach. John knows he only has one wave worth even looking at – hardly enough to hold a candle to O’Brien and not even worth the embarrassing comparison to Russell, who sits off to the side near the other competitors with a towel around his neck and an anxious frown etched into his face.
John laughs, eyes blown wide. “God, you’re insane,” he whispers. He plants one hand on the wall in front of him and grips Sherlock’s hair with the other, then slowly rocks his hips, driving his cock again and again between Sherlock’s wet and open lips. Straight down his throat.
But the realization doesn’t fill Sherlock with a thud of guilt or dread. No, he’s beaming—he can feel the ridiculous smile brimming over his face—and when he pulls back, Greg looks like he’s just inhaled for the very first time.
He clings to me, shaking, in a way he ain’t done since we was just kids. Harder, even, than that night we met up again in that hotel, fallin’ into each other like shootin’ stars soaring on the same path. Closer than that night in my trailer, when I couldn’t believe he was alive, and when I thought I’d wake up from that blessed dream come sunrise, and he would still be dead.
“Right then,” John says with a snap of decision, sounding fully the Captain. “We’re in this together. Find whoever looks the most trustworthy, whatever journalist or outlet, and we’ll go all in. And if anyone says any shit, to either of you, about why you’re coming out now, or why you didn’t come out sooner, or if this is some conflict of interest, I would
I tamp down the nerves in my gut as we walk in the front door, eyes scannin’ left and right like mad tryin’ to make sure nothing of Sherlock’s is in sight. Only one jacket on the hook, only one set of boots out back by the kitchen door, only one coffee mug leftover from breakfast sittin’ on the cleared off dining room table.
Greg sucks in a breath. Someone’s hands are roving across smooth, sweat damp skin, caressing planes of hard muscle. Or maybe it’s soft muscle. Or maybe it’s the line of an arching spine. Fingertips across bone.
” Greg says, finally letting the words out before second-guessing himself in who knows how many days, how many weeks. John lifts his head to meet Greg’s, and their resulting kiss tingles through Greg’s entire body, warming his inner bones, his heart. His skis feel perfect and glorious on his feet. The world itself feels firmer. The sky clear.
Odd, he thinks, as he groans to stretch his neck, that Orion never seemed to give him exactly what he asked for, not even once. He’d asked not to be found, to let the pain end, and yet a rescue helicopter had tipped its nose over the desert horizon just as his eyes slipped closed, the blades glowing impossibly gold and blue, smeared into watercolors. He’d asked for invisibility, and two men had found him, pulled him into their arms, their bed.
Immediately, John rocks back, then flings himself forward with his poles, his monoski carving a deep rut, slicing the ice. “Too late, I can’t!” he yells a few seconds later, echoing up the mountain.
Slowly, gradually, Holmes and Watson calm their breathing. The desperate, frantic wet breaths from before are gone. Watson rubs his palm up Holmes’ spine. The touch is startlingly intimate.
But just then, John skids to a dramatic stop at his assigned shooting lane, drops his gun to the ground, and suddenly smacks his prosthetic ankle so hard with his hand Greg imagines he can hear the slap of skin against metal. John drops down to prone position as easily as if he had two legs, his skis flying out behind him at perfect angles. He lifts his sunglasses off his head, scoops his rifle to his shoulder, and aims all in one single, fluid motion.
The rocking mattress caresses the naked lines of Sherlock’s body, holding him gently in the rustling sheets. Sherlock scrunches his eyes shut so he won’t accidentally give himself away by opening them to peek, and his toes curl in spine-tingling heat from the radiating waves of rolling sighs.
A wave of self-disgust suddenly washes over him, sharp and stifling and hot. He slams the picture frame face down on the table, takes two steps away, then reaches back and flips it right side up again. He clenches his fists and sets his shoulders, walking confidently towards the taken apart record player in the corner that he was supposed to have finished over a week ago. For the first time since John waltzed into his life his fingers itch to get their hands back inside the intricate workings of a machine – the wires and knobs, switches and electrical currents. The knowable logic of a perfectly made system. Sherlock takes his project out to the porch and sets up his usual workspace on the rough wood floor, out under the open sky and overlooking the sea.
John pulls up his muffler over his frozen lips and chin as he heads away from the swarm towards the Athlete Welcome Center, shivering at the rasp of his scarf against his long stubble from days of traveling. Athletes of all unbelievable shapes and sizes continue to dash around him across the too-clean pathways connecting the glittering new high rises which surge up into the clear sky. He takes in the chaos as if he’s looking at it all on the telly, as if he can practically hear the news anchors speculating over who is who, and which country commissioned what designer for their Ceremony uniforms, and whether the Olympic staff are feeling the pressure now that all of the athletes have arrived.
“That one day things’ll go and be different,” I whisper against his mouth. “That we can . . . that Wilma could know, that . . . that people, everyone could know that you’re . . . that we’re . . .That we wouldn’t have to live like this.”
“Same general concept. The alarm on his permanent Device will let Central Control he wasn’t supposed to be in Time in the first place. He’ll be Shut Off.”
” into his ear in a locker room, then laughed? Was it when he was thirteen and being told he couldn’t go back to his regular school, but would have a tutor so he could spend every day out on the slopes? Or was he eight, the memory now hazy with fog, when he pressed his ear up to his bedroom door and heard his parents arguing, his mother in tears, over how they would have enough money to pay for his lessons and also make rent?
Zoom out to see Holmes leaning calmly against the hangar kitchen counter. He’s dressed in slacks and an incongruous forest green jumper, a color so vivid it makes it even more shocking that he’s standing upright, casually alive. That he is no longer buried in snow.
John actually is going to be sick. His easy, lazy contentment from that morning – the blissfully calm acceptance of the fact that he was about to surf the fucking Banzai Pipeline – is completely gone. Replaced in an instant by a churning, nauseating fear. Sherlock turns and sees the look on his face and immediately pulls over to the side of the deserted road, parking alongside a wall of bright green fronds and cutting the engine.
“Christ, come here,” John breathes. He raises his hands and steps towards Greg, and Greg can already feel his spine curving to fit into John’s body, his neck dipping to rest on John’s shoulder . . . But John only touches his chest briefly, then kisses him once on the mouth.
—that so-called piece of ‘journalism’—and yet, I certainly didn’t see John’s mobile blowing up with calls offering him sponsorship deals.”
Greg expects Rick and Sonya to look stone-faced or annoyed, but instead an odd glimmer in their eyes suggest that they
“Why does that – of course it matters, Sherlock!” John huffs and feels his shoulders tense and hunch. “You can’t just – how did you know?”
They run in easy silence for a mile. A quiet calm settles over Sherlock’s body as they breathe side by side. It’s like the only thing his mind can think about is one foot in front of the other, timing his lungs with the man beside him. He feels a thousand pounds lighter. It’s glorious.
He hesitates, hand on the doorknob. Then he starts to twist it, door creaking loudly open and echoing through the silence like a blast. He doesn’t look at me. He speaks into the darkness of the room. “I don’t have one,” he quickly murmurs. He takes a step inside and places a hand on my chest to stop my response. It’s the first time he’s ever touched me, and I feel it reverberate throughout my body. Echoing against bones.
“Aw, you all can do without me,” John says. “Remember? I’m too tragic for all of you. My injuries are so dire, I need more time to rest—”
Holmes checks the lock one last time on the carabiner through Watson’s belay loop, then grabs the main rope of the winch in his gloved hands. As he reaches for the rope, the tips of his fingers accidentally brush against Watson’s forearm through his uniform sleeve.
Watson, speaking down to his hands: “No, no, I’ve never thought that.” His jaw tightens: “You know, what you saw here, today, that was a successful mission, right? Everything went smoothly. No mechanical problems, no failure to touchdown, the patient was ok and delivered to hospital, all of that.”
“It’s the oddest thing to see him asleep in the World,” Nurse Hooper says from his bedside. “He only ever sleeps in Time. But he fell asleep just a few minutes after you left earlier today.”
I can’t think of a single thing to say. Instead my mouth says, “you best be gettin’ back to them sheep.”
,” he says to John all in one great rush of a word, then, without asking John for his name back, he turns to the two smiling snowboarders trapped under his arms. “You guys hear about the party, yet? The lugers are throwing it. Tonight. Building 102.”
. Normally before the races he is . . . well, you have seen how he is. I am hoping that means he is prepared, but . . .”
Greg clears his throat, and his gaze flickers to Sherlock, already hunched back over the iPad pretending to research the course even as an odd blush spreads up the back of his neck. Greg would find it endearing, would tease him and pinch one of his cheeks, if only Greg didn’t damn well know that Sherlock’s blush has everything to do with the fact that neither of them had even stayed hard those two times—neither of which had even happened anywhere near a bed.
John shoves his surfboard down into the sand and drops his gear next to Greg’s before running his hands over his sweaty face. “Oh my god. Damn alarm clock battery died,” he sighs between his fingers.
He looks over at me, and I want to look away. “Hard to meet a wife when you go months out on a job without seeing a woman,” he says.
He finally catches a hint of brown curls through the masses, feels the weight of eyes on him like a cold beam.
Hours pass, and the sky grows dark. I won’t admit it to myself but I’m worried as hell. All this time I thought I would finally be the one to fuck up and blow off a meeting for some reason or ‘nother. But not Sherlock, never him in a million years.
He feels more alive, as he glides to a stop and gasps for air, his hands on his thighs, than he can ever remember being. Even in the midst of war, even the moment he opened his eyes again in the hospital, even when he orgasmed for the first time with Greg’s cock stuffed in his mouth, and Sherlock’s lips wrapped tight and wet around his own.
I can feel my body go all tense like a steel rod. I’m holding my breath in my chest, solid as iron, and then I see a hawk take off from a nearby fir. It soars over us and the sheep like we’re nothing but boulders and grass. I feel my muscles go lax like warm water, shuddering once with the cold and then sinking into the familiar saddle beneath me. I hadn’t realized how much I’d missed a saddle in ‘Nam.
Scotty Holmes is jogging through the thick crowd down towards the shoreline, holding a board over his head that John knows immediately is stolen (“
Greg’s senses alert him that Sherlock’s about to open his big mouth, probably to say something along the lines that it wasn’t actually
Then her eyes catch sight of John for the first time since she entered, and her starstruck giddiness falters. “Oh . . . and this is . . .?”
The smile slowly fades from Watson’s lips, and he shrugs his shoulders, glancing down at his crossed ankles.
Sherlock sighs as his thumbs knead into the back of John’s thighs, not even hesitating as his right thumb travels over the raised lines of John’s scars. Sherlock takes a long time to answer. “I know.”
Simon’s voice, in the headset: “Please, get us one of them if you can. This is not looking good, if the patient’s alive. We will need extra help, more than Dom. Sorry, Dom.”
John steps forward into the center of the small room and takes a look around, then frowns at the empty bed on the other side. “No roommate?”
John feels the tips of Scotty’s fingers lightly trace at the tip of his wrist, and suddenly the hot air around them crackles with anticipation. They’ve been shaking hands for far too long. John stares spellbound as Scotty looks down at their joined hands, then back up at him through his eyelashes, eyes wide with uncertainty. John swallows hard. They’re back on the swarming pier, drawn into each other like magnets, likes waves to the shore. He’s going to take a step forward. He’s going to reach out his other hand and press his dirty, calloused fingers against the perfect, clean white shirt. He’s going to feel the tan, lean muscles of Scotty’s chest, feel his heartrate quicken under his palm, lean forward and smell the leftover salt on his skin --
Then he takes two steps forward and lets out all the air in his lungs in a great sigh, grabs my face hard with both large hands and leans down to kiss me so deeply I don’t know where my mouth ends and his begins. It happens so fast I can’t breathe, can’t do nothing but reach up and grab two fistfuls of his soft flannel shirt and yank him down on top of me like he don’t weigh a thing. He moans high and soft into my mouth like he’s fallin’ apart, rippin’ at the seams. I push him back up onto his knees so I can sit up and yank my shirt over my head. My mouth waters as I watch him rip his clothes off his pale skin. I’m already throbbing and wet between my legs and I ain’t even touched him yet. He shoves me back onto the bed hard with a grunt and licks into my mouth, taking all the air in my lungs and biting my lips between his teeth. His nipples rub against mine and I press up into him, gasping for air and hatin’ every little bit of oxygen that’s separating his skin from mine. I clutch and scratch at his back with my hands, feeling his thick muscles clench and quiver under my palms. I grab his ass through his jeans and grind him down onto me, the sharp thrill of feeling his cold belt buckle rub up against the lowest part of my belly, dragging across the hairs leading down between my aching legs.
He looks down at Maxine’s hand still over his, suddenly self-conscious and with a resentment he can’t quite place, and he lamely slips his hand out from under her grip. He clears his throat once, twice.
Suddenly John sees Scotty Holmes in his mind – standing next to him with his sunglasses and stripping off his grey hoodie that day back at the ISF, power and strength exuding from every inch of his tanned and tensed skin. The picture is perfect in his memory – etched into his brain in brilliant, perfect detail.
He places his hand on the center of my chest, right above my racing heartbeat. I think he’s going to say not to worry. That I can keep my shirt on, can keep my secrets, and we’ll just continue on as before. Forget it ever happened. No problem.
Watson gives a gruff nod. We distantly hear one of the other guys calling his name. He quickly clears his throat and sniffs away the wetness in his voice.
“You are ridiculous,” John says, because he somehow still has the capacity for speech. He reaches out to brush a curl behind Sherlock’s ear and lets out a laugh. “I could not be more in love with you than I am in this moment.”
for Sherlock Holmes, mate,” he grins. “Christ, that’s a whole different boat of trouble you’ve got yourself in.”
(It could be all wrong, it could upset the order of things, it could push John away forever, it could hurt Greg’s knee, it could scramble and reassemble Sherlock’s brain into something unrecognizable, into someone who doesn’t even know how to ski, it could be terrifying.)
-The second surfer is Jamie O'Brien, a modern day surfer who also grew up on the North Shore along the Banzai. He was one of the youngest ever surfers to win the Billabong, mirroring the career I've made up for Scotty Holmes. He's also one of the professional surfers who appears in that good ol' 2002 classic surfing movie "Blue Crush."
Sherlock does. He pushes John out of the way, much to John’s half-laughing indignation, and whips the ice bags off Greg’s knee while removing the pillow. “Obviously his hands are freezing,” Sherlock says, “seeing as how we trekked across heaven and earth to get here to you. And also, honestly, Greg, icing on your sheets without a plastic barrier is the height of incompetence. You’ll have a damp spot there for ages when you’re trying to sleep. Can’t trust you to do anything.”
“You know, I remember that day,” she finally says. I can hear Sherlock whisperin’ to Wilma in the next room. “That time we met Scott, when you was gonna take us to the pool. You and him was talkin’ after you introduced us, sayin’ something I couldn’t hear, and then he was getting back in his truck and he drove clear away, back the way he came.”
He finds a cold lemonade and relaxes under the shade of a tree for almost two hours, tracking John’s movement back and forth across the sand, wiling his mind not to think of anything but simply the way John had looked at him as he held his hand in his in front of every single person on the beach. He wishes he could use this time to get his own turn out on the waves. His body feels restless and agitated. Cooped up after two days of watching everybody but him surf along his favorite pipelines and already missing his morning surfs with John after half a decade of managing just perfectly being out on the water alone.
And now here he is, the world’s biggest idiot. A fool. Possibly even a clown. Because he’s internationally famous for being in a relationship with a man whom he’s never actually
“I have to,” John chokes out again. Sherlock nods while he gulps down shaking breaths, trembling and hot under John’s hands. John grips Sherlock’s cheek in his palm and lifts his face towards him, pulling him into a fierce, desperate kiss. Sherlock moans under the force of his lips, hands immediately going for John’s chest as he straightens his shaking legs to stand..
Back on the asphalt, Greg walks into view and extends a quiet hand down to Watson. Watson looks up, shielding his eyes from the sun, then takes the offered hand. Greg pulls him up to a seated position, then leans down to give him a hard pat on the back.
I splay my fingers firm across the back of his neck. Close my eyes. “Little darlin’,” I say, near too choked up in my throat to speak. He cries out a moan at the words, shakin’ in my arms, and I say it again, rich and clear under the wide open sky, so that all the clouds can hear, so that it reaches the little streams on Baker, “I got you, little darlin’.”
” to Greg Lestrade. Why he never will. And he decides on the spur of the moment to save his inevitable guilt trip about that for later, when he’s alone.
John who has his hands gently resting behind his back as if he’s standing watch on the deck of the ship. John whose eyes are sparkling like the sunlight dappling the surface of the sea. John who is walking towards him slowly, eyes locked on to his.
Everyone seems to breathe and shift at once. Sonya flips back her hair, an odd sheen over her eyes. “You’ve truly set the stage for this next generation of skiers. How does it feel to be coaching that generation now?”
I placed my hand on his. “You can’t disappear like that on me, Sherlock,” I said. I hadn’t anticipated how hard my voice would waver and tremble under the weight of those words, the memories they evoked. “I need you, we all need you. I just can’t have you gone like that again.”
John inhales the familiar rush of spearmint and sweat and cologne. Presses his cheek to the heartbeat he’s known for more than half his life. When he pulls back, Greg cups his face in his hands, and as John closes his eyes, he feels a press of lips just under his hair. “
“We’re fathers,” I said, and then my heart burst open as his smile suddenly matched my own, like a flower finally,
I think of his full warm lips descending towards mine. Of the way his breathe trembles against my own in the air, hopeful and warm.
Sherlock shuts off the water as it finally starts to run cold, biting his lip with a pang of guilt that he should have left some hot water for the others to use. He swipes his hand through the thick steam on the mirror, flings a towel through his wet curls, then steals Greg’s toothbrush and face wash to finish getting ready for bed over the tiny sink.
“Very romantic of you,” Sherlock says, inwardly pleased when John tries to hide an exasperatedly amused grin over Greg’s shoulder—that John has apparently approved of his tactic of response. Sherlock goes on, “You traveling out here, standing tall in the moonlight all alone with the wind in your hair. Contemplating your next victory just on the horizon. You would’ve made a fine Austen heroine if she’d ever stooped to write about winter sports.”
Seconds pass, or maybe minutes. It may even be a full hour. Sherlock can’t remember the last time he felt so exhausted, so helpless in the face of sleep. It should be impossible to sleep so soundly without John Watson in his bed. And he should ask Greg if he needs another ice pack for his knee. And he still needs to run through the course in his mind, visualize the turns . . .
But then pride, fleeting and hesitant, starts to burn in his chest. Maybe they’d been scouting him during his practice runs and have pegged him as a contender. Maybe they see him as the unexpected underdog and are pinning their bets on him to place on the podium. Maybe he’d impressed someone higher up at the practice shooting range the night before . . .
fingers always wiping away one of John’s tears, and his warmth against John’s cold skin, and his palm rubbing John’s stump whenever it burned.
My body’s not what it used to be. I creak and groan as I go about pitchin’ the tent and hauling water, chopping up firewood for the weekend and stacking it the way I know Sherlock likes it. I’m thirty-eight years old, and I can feel every day of labor hanging round in my bones, sticking to my back and thighs like tar. Sherlock still moves exactly the same as he did fifteen years ago, that son of a bitch.
Molly huffs and rolls her eyes as Sherlock laughs. It lights up his entire face, and John stares at him breathlessly for what feels like the hundredth time that day. Without thinking he reaches out and places his hand on Sherlock’s cheek, feeling the smile still on his face, and then he stills, realizing what he’s just done in front of Greg and Molly. Some prickling, black part of him waits for Sherlock to turn his cheek away with an embarrassed look, or to crack a joke and turn to start quickly walking up towards the cliff, ending the awkward silence.
“Well if it’s the most important day of his life he shouldn’t look like he just crawled off a deserted island where he didn’t have a razor for six months,” Greg quips back.
Johnny’s hair ripples softly in the breeze, glinting in the shimmering, grey light of sunrise. His legs underneath a short pair of red running shorts are steady and loose, completely devoid of all their usual thick tension. Sherlock clenches his fist against the imaginary urge to run his fingers through the soft, blonde hair covering sturdy, tan skin. The breeze picks up, blowing locks of frizzy curls over Sherlock’s eyes. By the time he successfully sweeps his hair back from his face, Johnny’s standing beside him, looking out at the ocean.
Sherlock looks up from where he’d been staring down at his skis, slightly nods, then looks back down.
He looks back at the mountain with an odd look of relief on his face. There is a warmth in his eyes, made clearer by the rays of the morning sun.
Across the table, Watson chuckles along with the group, even as he quickly passes the back of his hand over his eyes. His face still looks a bit pale and grey.
-I know not everyone has the ability to watch videos, but I'm going to link to two fantastic short youtube clips if you'd like to learn more about Big Wave surfing at Waimea Bay. Basically, though, Waimea Bay (along with other Oahu North Shore locations like the Banzai Pipeline and Sunset Beach) are known for huge waves. They're caused by winter storms, and can be predicted in advance. So the timing of the informal competition in this chapter is a little too early in the year to be realistic. You can't always count on the waves at Waimea being large enough (or safe enough) to effectively Big Wave surf. For instance, the Eddie Aikau Invitational takes place at Waimea Bay, but isn't held every year due to poor conditions or not large enough swells.
He waves off a makeup brush zooming towards his face, briefly feeling a pang of something like shame—had it really been only a matter of days ago when he had stood in this exact spot preparing for his interview with Greg? Texting John and ducking his head to laugh? Gladly accepting the makeup artist’s urgings (he pretended to refuse at first, of course) so that he could look his best and impress Greg? Look worthy of being his skier?
John follows behind after one last glance out at the water, watching the last tendrils of the purple sun wind their way down into the black and blue deep.
John feels his face grow hot. He looks back down at his board. “Aw, it was only three days, man,” he says, trying to keep his voice light.
I expect a scolding, but the stranger just hums beside me, considering. “They definitely don’t include this in the brochures,” he agrees. “But there’s more here than just a never-ending night out.”
Sherlock swallows hard, knowing Greg can feel the movement. A breeze comes in through the window, and he burrows deeper into the sheets, against Greg’s skin. “Did you really not know?” he asks.
Greg checks his watch, apparently not noticing the way John’s eyes are tracing Sherlock’s long column of throat. The way he licks his lips.
Greg, nodding down at the dog with his hands on his hips: “You are bringing Elsa? You have a good feeling on this?”
Christ, John could watch him like this forever. The strong lines of his thighs, and the whip of wind whistling over his shoulders, and the familiar black skull hissing through the air like a clawing ghost, sucking up everything in its path as Sherlock flies, and flies, and flies . . .
to have John Watson by his side, ringing one of those ridiculous cow bells and screaming for him at the start, should have—
And so, after one final wave, John turns and walks to the showers, where he can already hear the cheers and celebrations from a successful prelim echoing out over the snow.
Gerold, grinning: “But. . . man, he can be such a . . . yeah, such a pain in the ass. I would trust Sherlock Holmes to find any patient, in any conditions. I would trust him to lead any mission, make all the right decisions. I would trust him with finding my own life if I were lost out in the mountains. When he is on? When he is focused? You have never seen anything like it in your life. But having dinner with him? Please. You might have to shoot me first.”
Connor blinks hard, momentarily frozen, then comes back to life and meets John’s gaze again, as if John couldn’t have noticed their little pause at all. “Aw, man, that’s cool!” he says, with a strange, too-high voice. “Alright, cool. Yeah, man. Cool.”
“Say I can stay,” John breathes. “Please. Please say I can stay. Fuck, I’m so sorry. Please, Sherlock.”
His throat feels raw and bleeding. His chapped lips sting when he speaks. “Enough,” he says again, quieter now. “This is what I mean. I cannot be constantly the . . . the . . .
“You sat surrounded by so-called friends for an hour before this heat hearing about what an asshole fag I am, and then you walked up to the shore expecting to be absolutely humiliated in front of everyone and having the chance at going pro taken from you by a dickhead who volunteered to annihilate you, and your first instinct when we got out here to this flat water was that you wanted to converse with me? Who the hell are you?”
, you speak English every day of your life, you and John would just stare at each other blankly in between making out for hours if you couldn’t speak English, you’ve already done two interviews since we arrived here in English, you’re listening to my English right now, why in the world would you—”
He’s surfing in the finals of the Billabong, and he has hundreds of people watching him do it, and he’s a good four rides away from even coming close to catching O’Brien. And John Watson is stopping in the middle of it all to sit quietly in the middle of the waves and talk to Helen.
Note: I've taken some pretty big liberties here with the way this competition would have actually been run in 1976. Please forgive me of my sins. Tons of surfing notes and explanations at the end, along with a good video reference link. Enjoy!
“Anyways, got one of the WSL guys to come down and be the judge, make it official and shit. Not like we need him, but if one of us goes for the record…”
Ma place est avec toi. Et lui. Je t’aime tous les deux.  :  I belong with you. And with him. I love you [both]
He rounds the ninth gate, soaring ten feet into the air over the small hill between curves, looking like he’s about to grow wings and fly down the rest of the course. He moves so fast he’s nothing more than a blur of the French flag across the screen.
It’s all over. I can see the mountains crumbling down around us, crushing the meadows and the firs and the streams in their rubble and leavin’ us with nothing but the Ford trucks at our backs and the electric sparks still hanging in the air from our words.
John unzips his jacket and reveals bare skin with shaking fingers. He feels reckless. It took him months to get to this point with Greg, to trust him to see the darkest, blackest part of him etched permanently into his skin in an ugly snarl – a reminder that he was sent back broken, unwanted on either soil. And now after just two days he’s shedding his jacket and running breathlessly towards the waves where Scotty Holmes waits perched on his board for him, the barest hints of a smile at the corners of his mouth as he watches John shiver in the icy water.
Sherlock stands in the grey and milky light from the window, already dressed and nodding silently at me that it’s time. I pull myself from the warm cocoon of the bed as he climbs gracefully through the large window and leaps off into the stretch of sand below, walking slowly towards the shoreline with his hands in his pockets, waiting for me to catch up.
Greg blinks, sees that Sherlock is still ignoring the rest of the world, then nods. “Of course. Let him in.”
But then he remembers the way John fell into Sherlock’s arms, burned now into his memory. Remembers the way their bodies fit together so perfectly, their muscles aligning. The way their kiss had seemed so inevitable, so
It’s the tone that does it, that wounds him deep in his gut, like a literal slice. “That isn’t fair,” he says, hating how small his voice sounds, when really he’s beside himself. How dare he?
to lather—not when he has a coach to track down, and a Final to prepare for, and an internationally famous lover to somehow convince to fucking give him a call.
Greg and Sherlock both mutter an awkward, rushed thanks as the camera pans quickly away from them, mid-words, zooming in on Sonya’s beaming face as she gives the broadcast details for when to tune in for the Super-G prelim runs.
”  his mom had asked him in the car that day as she drove him swerving down the road towards Ft. Knox three miles away from their house, looking back at him in the rearview mirror with half-glazed eyes and a nervous smile perched on her lips.
Suddenly a small fury lights in my gut. An indignation I haven’t let myself fully feel for years. “So what?” I go on, voice heated. “That isn’t a reason to run away when you knew I was trying to get to you. That’s no reason to slam the door in my face when I’m calling out for you. Not after everything . . . not after –”
“Well you were the one who insisted on staying with me up at the top even though I have expressly asked you more than four hundred bloody times to
John’s running before he even notices what he’s doing. He’s running towards Sherlock, white shirt plastered to his skin and dripping with saltwater, seaweed wrapped threateningly around his thighs and calves. His chest is heaving as he pushes his wet hair back from his face, stepping back so the two trained surfers can kneel in the mud and make sure Dickie’s ok. Sherlock’s eyes are blown wide open, mouth taut, and as John nears him he suddenly realizes what Sherlock must be thinking of as he watches the two men check Dickie’s airway and try and force air into his lungs. How he must be seeing John lying there limp in the wet sand, wet lips slowly turning blue.
Sherlock can feel John doing the math in his head. John’s brow is furrowed as he concentrates on the empty road, zooming past palm tree-lined highway with the windows down, letting in swirls of fresh ocean air. Sherlock just hums.
John rolls his eyes and gives Sherlock’s fingers a final squeeze before walking away, blazing the image of Sherlock’s soft, warm smirk into his memory.
He’d thought of that week in Italy. Of what his parents would say if they could see him now. Of how sore his knee was going to feel in the morning.
Sherlock looks right through Greg. He takes two unsteady steps forward on his skis. “John,” he says, his voice odd and remote.
I pass by a diner, red vinyl booths filled. A record store and an arcade and a long street that leads straight down to what looks like a pier in the distance, rising like a castle from the foggy, black sea.
“I was going to say ‘of course I came,’” John says, just loud enough for Greg to hear. “But I realize you had every right to wonder.” He puts his own hands on the railing. Is it his imagination that Greg’s hand twitches, as if to move closer? John wants to turn into him, to bury his face in Greg’s neck, breathe him in, hold on as tight as he can.
John tries not to grin too widely at Sherlock, who’s looking at the both of them with the same bright, nervous energy that had been in the eyes of all the star-struck skiers begging for Greg’s autograph just an hour before.
He chuckles and moves closer, and it’s only then I notice the rapid beating of the veins in his neck. The only indication of fear.
The stadium falls away. Sherlock’s body is heavy against him, warm and panting for breath, his face pressed into John’s neck. To think that this jumble of limbs and bones just won, just obliterated a world record, just accomplished
Some Stones songs that just barely didn’t make the cut for chapter titles, in case you want to keep listening:
Also, I know that removing someone's helmet when a head injury is suspected probably isn't the best course of action, but then we wouldn't have that ANGST of Greg's HAND stroking back Sherlock's CURLS.
“I mean, you’re the press guy out of all of us. It’s fine to take a few days, but then . . . what’s the plan?”
, and Greg’s wavy dark hair looked even softer in person than it did on telly, and his teeth shone in the snow, and his deep brown eyes . . .
John Watson is a genius. Of course they should leave. Of course they should go back to their home together now that the fear is over. Of course they should go and kiss each other senseless. Because John Watson
The LAX terminal looks exactly the same. John feels surprised as he navigates the hallways, dodging other harried travelers with their luggage, until he remembers that of course it fucking looks the same. It’s only been four days since he was last there, running like hell to catch his flight after being stuck in a taxi in traffic and praying to god that he wasn’t about to do something extremely stupid showing up unannounced at Scotty Holmes’ doorstep.
They’re doing maintenance on a shipping ramp today, welding and soldering metal with bursts of flame cutting through heavy late morning sun. John’s skin feels like his own personal humidifier, and his button-up work shirt is plastered to his back and sides with sweat. His coworkers are distracting themselves with stories of their exploits from the night before – girls and booze and Sunset Boulevard antics. The older guys are arguing over last night’s Dodger’s 9th inning upset, distinctly leaving out any mention of wives or children. John remains characteristically silent. After over two years none of them even know that the reason his hair is still damp when he gets to work each morning is because it’s ocean water from surfing, not a shower at home with a fake wife and kids. No one wears a wedding ring on the job; it would just get lost. It makes it easier to lie.
He ran for eight more minutes. Eight more years. The jungle was thinning out, and he could tell he was reaching a safe, silent shore, and his lungs were burning in acid and legs on fire with trembling adrenaline, and that’s when the enemy jumped out in front of him from the heaving, green shadows. And John wailed from the deepest part of his chest, and raised his gun arm without even thinking about it, and shot him before he could even check the uniform for a sign of the Stars and Stripes.
“Junior. . .” I start to whisper, just as she opens her mouth and says, “You know, I suspected it, I guess. But it’s mighty different seein’ you flesh and blood in the light.”
Greg watches them from the doorway, heart torn between relief and that terrible gnawing feeling that the two of them work so seamlessly together—so cleanly, like perfectly sanded edges without any rips or tears. That gnawing feeling that John never snaps whenever Sherlock casually offers to help him stand, or guides him to a chair, or asks if he wants someone to massage the muscles in his leg. That Sherlock is the only one ever allowed to sink to his knees before John, and gently pull on the protective sock, and carefully fit his stump into the socket. That even though John has practically never needed help for a second of his life, he still lets Sherlock do it.
Sherlock had come back to me. My Sherlock, my One, alive. He was standing before me on my doorstep one evening as if he’d just come back from doing the fucking shopping, and he didn’t even have the courtesy of looking nervous until after I decked him square in the jaw. It was a week after that, after he had come crashing back into my life like a gigantic blimp in the sky suddenly burst open and rained down onto my head books and beakers and bergamot and blue.
Holmes: “As I was saying, I left after that week on the climb as planned, John went back to his unit at the conclusion of his leave, and the next thing I knew, I woke up in a field hospital six days later being told that I’d been in an avalanche, and that a military troop posted nearby had rescued me just in time, well, specifically, one member of that military troop had rescued me just in time, and that I was lucky to be alive.”
Later that night, for the first time in over two years, he’d raised his trembling phone to his ear and called his father. “
I turn to look in the mirror then remember there isn’t one. Not until after your fifth Visit, they said. Don’t want you getting too attached to your Time Form. Don’t want you to hate having to come back to the World.
,” was what Sherlock had actually intended to say. And somehow, he’d felt that Greg had understood him. And also that, for the first time, they were discussing Greg’s injury without embarrassment or shame. Greg had touched Sherlock’s elbow, nodded, then walked away from where they both stood by the cart.
Suddenly the roaring engine slows to a hum. I lift my head from its place against his shoulder and take in where we are. A cliff at the edge of the sea.
Sherlock feels like he’s just been told that snow isn’t actually frozen water. That skis are made from clouds.
I turn back and look at the timeless world around me. I can see the little kid in his Wellies running up the path. I can see the old motorbike parked along in the dirt. And the stacks of books and papers strewn about inside the lighthouse on the splintered wooden floor.
“Poke,” Scotty answers John’s silent question. He sits down so their knees are touching. “Lahela used to make it for us all the time. My father would make her grill him a separate steak or something and my little brother wouldn’t touch it with a ten foot pole, so I always got triple helpings of it.”
Finally John shakes his head slowly and sighs, sinking back into Sherlock’s arms. He clears his throat and tries to speak. His voice is barely a whisper. “You let me get on that plane,” he says. “I couldn’t . . . I can’t ask you not to do this. I want to, more than anything, but I can’t.”
. That the only person I ever trusted enough to . . . fuck, to – to hold, to tell my name, is the man who gives her too many Christmas presents every year. Call it pathetic or whatever the hell you want, but I’m telling you, I cannot bear the thought of goin’ the rest of my life with her thinkin’ I’m granddaddy’s friend Scott. You are my . . . Christ, you know you are . . . and I’m tellin’ you, I can hardly stand it.”
Sherlock’s never felt this nervous before a surfing competition in his life, and he isn’t even the one surfing. He finally lets himself look over at John waiting on the start line next to Fu and Hamilton and feels his heart jump up in his throat. John Watson is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. He’s standing holding Sherlock’s board (the extra one no one’s seen before – nobody will ever know), and wearing Sherlock’s old wetsuit (just barely too big for him – nobody will ever suspect), and looking for all the world like he’s about to fight like hell. The look on his face steals the breath from Sherlock’s lungs. Suddenly he can’t bear to sit down and just watch. He leaps to his feet and jogs a ways down the sand, just past the crowd. He plants his feet apart and crosses his arms over his chest and wills himself to look bored. Cool and icy and as ‘Scotty Holmes’ as humanly possible.
To Sherlock’s surprise, John’s eyes soften. The corner of his mouth curves in a gentle smile. “No, I suppose I don’t,” he answers. “But I am.” He looks quickly at Sherlock, eyes full and blue. “With him,” he finishes.
able to forget that thousands of people, and at least three cameras, are watching him openly switch out parts of his body like a machine.
“Ooh, that Frenchman! I remember him from Worlds. Good god, but he’s dreamy.” She elbows John. “You heard of him, yeah?” Her face oddly falls, then, and she goes on before John can sputter out a response. “Sad, you know, what happened to him in Sochi.” She drops her voice, leaning closer to his ear to be heard over the din of the crowd. “Drugs, I heard. Such a shame for someone like him. And to think, he probably coulda been—”
Four days later finds us on the doorstep of one of the prettiest little houses in town, with brimming flowerbeds along the porch and a wicker rockin’ chair. The bright red Dodge Challenger ain’t parked in the driveway, and I realize with somethin’ like a wave of relief that Kurt must be out workin’ the oil fields. That he isn’t home.
John barks out a laugh, face turned up to the sky. “You’re too much for me, Holmes,” he says, grinning. “I’m pretty sure it’s supposed to be Daddy issues that does it. And who the fuck knows who mine is – some sailor that was in Long Beach on leave, probably.”
Sherlock takes another step forward. “Gregory has no fault in this. Yes, he helped me get clean. He was there for me when I needed him. He helps shield me from the press. But he never lied to you. It wasn’t like that.”
They swerve away from the pass in a dramatic turn, and the storming sun glints intensely off the metal sides of the helicopter..
He closes his eyes, intending to quickly blink, but they stay closed, and another choking puff of cold air blasts against his face, and he thinks . . .
Sherlock wants to cup John’s face in his hands and yell down into his eyes that it’s the most remarkable thing that’s ever happened on earth that John Watson is suddenly laughing, making a
Interviewer: “It sounds similar to your job here, no? What is it that they say about the army – ninety-percent boredom and ten-percent action?”
When Greg doesn’t immediately answer, when he glances back at the ghostly, shimmering course for a few seconds too long, Sherlock finds that his throat has embarrassingly closed up.
“Ok,” he finally chokes out, and Greg smiles and winks before nodding back to the crowd. “Time to get back and stretch so you don’t break a hip old man,” he says. “And also the stubble on your face looks like shit.”
Watson, under his breath: “God, I fucking told him to wait thirty fucking seconds so I could get dr—”
Sherlock’s cheeks turn pink as he looks down at his scuffling feet. He shrugs his shoulders. “Well, the people requested an interview. You know how it is.”
They both realize at the same exact moment just how close they’re standing. There’s a mutually held breath hovering in the room like a secret. A bomb waiting to drop. The water hisses over both of their half naked bodies and echoes softly off the floor, a steady trickle of wet slaps on tile. Sherlock pushes the wet hair back out of his eyes and takes a deep breath. His chest is just inches from Johnny’s shoulder blades. One small lean and there would be contact, his peaked nipples able to just barely trace the outline of Johnny’s spine. When breathes out, shaky and slow, he sees goosebumps form all along Johnny’s back. An invisible imprint of Sherlock’s lungs. His skin shivers, muscles twitching. They’re breathing in tandem, quick and shallow. Wet skin surrounded by hot, swirling steam. Sherlock takes one tiny step forward, his chest now just a finger-width away from the man in front of him, and Johnny tilts his head back gently on his neck, letting the water drip down the front of his collarbone and chest.
But anyway, we was silent there for a long time, that way we normally are, in those hours after you and your young man left. I watched the embers die, and he stroked my hair, and his chest and thighs were sturdy and warm.
“You’re not even in the photo,” Sherlock had whispered, laying behind John their first night back at home and hugging him close in his arms.
.” The kiss is rough but quick. John pulls back after just a few seconds, lips red and swollen, and quickly glances both ways down the street before holding the back of Sherlock’s head with his hand and bringing their foreheads together.
Greg takes a deep breath, knowing his voice will break, and pushing through the shame. “They said that I am disgusting. That the world would hate me if they knew. And that they have lost their son that day. So, you see it now? I
Next morning we done threw the last of our bags into our trucks when Sherlock turns to me with his hands in his back pockets. I know what he’s about to say, but I have something I need to tell him first.
But I’ll be soft for you, as soft as your little gold hairs were the first time I ever held you in my arms. And I’ll tell you that I grow warm inside thinking that I’m the only person on this here  that gets to see John Watson like this. Unguarded and open. Vulnerable. At rest.
Then I see in my mind Alma Jr. and Francine’s heads poking out through the curtains watching me drive away, and so I shave in the rearview mirror instead and crack my neck before heading back to work on aching legs.
But Sherlock doesn’t answer any of John’s internal questions for him. He keeps his mouth uncharacteristically shut, and John realizes that neither Sherlock nor Greg will break this silence until he does.
And John suddenly feels like a statue in the middle of it all. A statue with a large piece missing—broken off and lying in pieces in the snow.
But then there are two, received when John realizes he was actually mid-race, and reading them makes his eyes water, and his heart stop in his chest.
“Oh, what gave you that impression?” John says. “The fact that they literally called out my name? Good thing you were paying attention or else us idiots would have missed it.”
Almost magically, John’s phone starts to vibrate in his pocket. He knows full-well that it’s either Sherlock or Greg trying to get a hold of him before he starts preparing for his race, and a wave of shame rushes through him that he never answered their texts before. That he’d stared at his phone lighting up in the locker room as it was from some completely other life, some separate universe. Not his own.
Blindly following the wild points and calls of the course attendants, John comes to a skidding halt by his shooting lane, flushed and alive at his newfound resolve and already reaching back to swing his gun around while his chest heaves, straining his suit.
Sherlock can barely breathe. He gasps in a deep breath then reaches forward to pull John into his arms. He rests his cheek against his hair and runs his hand up the muscles in John’s back.
John gasps and drops his board into the shallows. He sees the entire beach before him like he did that day at Hermosa, exploding before his very eyes, every gaze locked on him. He catches the sound of his name coming from the announcers’ crackling loud speaker, and he gazes dumbstruck as a pack of smiling surfers jog down to meet him in the shallows.
The inevitable happens. The crowd parts before him like Moses with the Red Sea. Everyone knows who he is. He’s Oahu’s golden child. Other surfers call out “Scotty! Yo, Holmes!” as he walks by, last year’s rivals give him the reluctant but expected head nod, and fans gasp and plead with him to hear if it’s true he isn’t surfing the Masters. He stays silent. He makes his way to the far side of the judges’ area and finds a clear spot of sand to sit as close to the waves as possible. To be able to see John. He can feel the crowd hovering at his back, staring and whispering. It makes him feel prickly and sick. He knows exactly what they’re saying now that his back is turned. Before he used to find it mildly amusing, hearing the various rumors people came up with, or the new complaints they had about his surfing or his personality or his tattoo or whatever else the hell people decided to take issue with. “If only our champion wasn’t a miserable asshole,” “If only our champion didn’t think he was god’s gift to surfing and actually knew how to be a part of the community,” “If only our champion wasn’t a fag.”
Instead he feels utterly, incomprehensibly calm. He closes his eyes and sees the waves he’s going to ride across tomorrow in his mind, and he hears Sherlock’s steady, even breathing at his back, and he lets out a breath he’d been holding in for more than two years.
She nods and rises, waiting patiently for me to groan to my feet with my nurse’s pale fingers on my suit. I wonder if I said “
Watson, in voice-over: “When you’re in a situation like that, something like a Code Blue, you just think about the ribs and the lungs. The oxygen in the bloodstream. The heartbeat. That’s all.”
The edge of the counter cuts into Greg’s back as he leans against it. His knee is screaming at him, begging for rest and ice after his unplanned dash down the slope, but he’ll be damned if he lets Sherlock see that he’s hurting. He isn’t sure whether that’s because he wouldn’t want Sherlock to actually feel guilty, or because he wouldn’t want Sherlock to think he’s
And John hadn’t noticed. Hadn’t even seen that Sherlock’s time tracker had shown him in red compared to the current first place time. The journalists gasp next to him, frantically whispering into microphones—
“Well,” Sasha says, with a forced clearing of his throat, then he suddenly laughs. “I apologize for seeming unprofessional, but I’m such a fan of all three of you, it’s proving hard for me to keep it together.” Then he blushes a bright red. “Sorry, sorry, that’s not professional either. It’s just that . . . I ski. Too. I’m a skier. And I’m gay!” The last sentence comes out like a celebratory announcement, and Sasha buries his face in his hands. “Ah God, I didn’t mean—that came out wrong—what I meant—”
John tries to casually disappear, Connor and Asher send him the two most uncomfortable looks ever known to man, there’s a giant whoosh of wool coat suddenly blocking John’s view, a pale hand pushing him back from the group, and then a voice made of pure ice and steel is quietly demanding, “Say that one more time.”
John takes a deep breath and prays with every fiber of his being for a swell to come in. When the water stays mockingly flat, John realizes the only way to let the excess adrenaline out of his limbs is to take on the challenge of talking to the man next to him. He takes another breath – feels it press out against his ribcage that’s still sore from an eleven hour shift the day before.
And yet, he’s feeling it all right now—standing pathetically in the middle of a low-budget hotel room, trying to kidnap his partner for no other reason than that he is bored and said partner is lonely.
Greg barks a hoarse laugh as John presses a smiling cheek to his neck. “Your accent is shit,” Greg murmurs. “You haven’t learned anything from me all this time.”
“No you idiot.” John takes his hand away from his eyes, and Sherlock realizes with a gasp that he isn’t angry. He sits up all the way, and let’s John reach out to grip his hand hard.
I have no idea what my face looks like. I’ve forgotten I’m even an old man sitting in a ridiculous wheelchair in an outdated suit. All I can think about is his heartbroken face. The brilliant fire gone from those eyes.
Their feet all crowd on the top step in careful balance, the same way they’ve crowded there together on countless other off-season afternoons, but nobody moves.
He shrinks back from me, but holds his head high. “You already know I’m a ‘drug addict queer who tried to off himself’,” he says icily. “What more could you possibly reveal –”
Sherlock straddles over his left leg in his usual spot and settles his hands firmly on John’s lower back. A groan rolls through John’s lips immediately upon his touch.
John sits back in the rickety metal chair in Greg and Molly’s backyard, pleasantly full and sleepily watching their dog run about in the dry grass. He breathes in the familiar air of Los Angeles, tense and thrumming and alive. The claustrophobic energy bouncing between the skyrises and freeways and hidden backroads, all swept over by the faint breeze of the ocean. Greg and Molly are nursing beers and half-heartedly arguing over whether it gets too hot for Greg to try and start a vegetable garden near their fence next spring. John watches them with sleepy, hazy eyes, simultaneously wishing he was alone in his own apartment while also realizing he never wants to leave their safe little backyard. Greg laughs, and leans in close to kiss Molly lightly on the cheek before sitting up straight to tie back his hair, and John suddenly blinks hard and realizes that he hasn’t, not for one moment, even thought about wanting to be with Greg since he surprise bearhugged him at the airport.
All afternoon Sherlock had sat and fretted about what he could possibly say to John Watson – the man who just conquered his fears, and stunned surfers from all over the world, and achieved one of his dreams there for the entire earth beyond the horizon to see. The man whom Sherlock realizes he loves more desperately than the feeling of his own wet board beneath the soles of his feet.
A thousand thanks for all the kind words and enthusiasm after I randomly uploaded the last chapter! It really meant a lot to see this story is still bringing some joy. I truly enjoy writing it.
Greg closes his eyes and points his hand through the air to enunciate each word, holding his head with the other hand. “
John rolls his eyes and feels a delighted warmth bubble over in his chest. “Not that, you asshole. Lie down and I’ll get your back.”
. It would be like finding out your best friend since primary school has a kidney, or finding out that your girlfriend had surgery once long ago.
Suddenly, without warning, the stubble is gone from his hip, and his aching cock is enveloped in tight, wet heat. John groans against his penis, sending vibrations through his throbbing skin, and Sherlock cries out against John’s cock. John’s erection is swollen and heavy on his tongue, leaking and hot, and John’s cheek is rasping against his inner thigh, and John’s lips are sucking down the length of his erection and groaning like he can’t get enough of the taste. Sherlock clings to his body, face buried in his groin, John’s penis hot and throbbing in his mouth, and thinks that he could do this forever.
“Reckon they can find themselves a new cowboy,” I say. She beams at me and raises the teacup in her hand to clink with mine. “To Alma and Kurt.”
“I just wanted to – needed to – ah shit.” John looks down at the sand and takes a deep breath, already hating every phrase that comes into his head. It all sounds so trite. So pathetic and lame. Like a poorly veiled excuse just to spy on Scotty’s private world. He puts his hand in his pocket and feels the worn, smooth metal. He tries again.
—back to his fantasy life where he was loved by Greg Lestrade. Where he came home each night to Greg’s strong, open arms, and it was everything Sherlock never deserved, and everything that made him Sherlock Holmes, and so much more than enough.
Sherlock’s lookin’ up at me like I’m the sun, eyes watering and wide. He starts to turn under me, moving to get on his hands and knees and whispering “please, sweet Lord please.”
The team huddled around the patient receiving CPR on the asphalt – this time the camera pans up to finally reveal their face, now that we know they lived thanks to Watson’s hands. It is the skier from South Africa – one whom we previously saw the team helicopter out after a concussion on the slopes.
He left before we could offer him anything, and demanded that he be the first to know when they were born or else he’d only send Sherlock cheating spouse cases for a year. When it was just the two of us Sherock opened the card with shocked and trembling fingers, and we saw that it was signed from what appeared to be the entirety of Lestrade’s team. Mostly genuine well-wishes, a few misplaced “happy birthday’s” or “get well soon’s”, and a gift card for a frankly exorbitant amount to a baby store. At the bottom of the envelope wrapped in tissue paper were two tiny police badges, with a note promising to have our daughters’ names engraved (and a special addendum from Lestrade that he would
Holmes: “How should I know? I’m not his keeper. He’s probably off chasing a butterfly somewhere. Writing a poem about it’s his divine purpose to comfort patients in need. Let’s go, before the weather changes.”
“They should have multiple screens,” Greg goes on, just to say something at all. “Cameras on each major section of the course. Continuous coverage . . .”
And I’ll never forget the way the earth stood still when your granddaddy told you no, we were not like brothers, then. He said words I thought I’d die before I ever heard: that he and I were just like your momma and Kurt. That there’d be no wives.
