“I- um...I think it’s probably too soon yet for Cas to meet the parents…” Dean stands up as he mutters out that sentence, clearly desperate to escape. Before he can though, John reaches out and pats him on the shoulder as if to calm a spooked horse.
“So,” John starts, still unsure of how much Dean is willing to open up, “How long have you been together?”
“Not necessarily. Sometimes you know right away, but it’s okay if it takes some time too. But I think I pretty much knew with your mother right off the bat.”
Cas didn’t so much as flinch as if this was completely and totally how it always was and always should be. And actually, it really was.
That being said, Dean still hesitated for a moment, contemplating if he should just continue to deny everything like always, but ultimately he was tired of keeping this in for so long.
“I...I never thought of it like that…” Dean whispers almost to himself, while a smile starts to appear on his face. It’s a smile John assumes he has no control over. It's one of those smiles that just sneaks up and you have no way to prevent it from taking over.
I wasn't planning on Dean coming out to Mary in this chapter, but it wrote itself! Tomorrow we jump into the mind of John Winchester....only in this universe, he's a good dad and supportive. I love a bit of angst but Dean's been through enough so let's give him something good. See y'all tomorrow!
Dean fixes Sam with his own pointed look, one that screams ‘what the fuck did you tell them?’, but Sam just shrugs and lifts his beer in a toast as a small smile quirks the corner of his mouth up.
During a solo hunt a few months ago, (before the world had gone to shit and subsequently been saved) Dean had come across an abandoned classic convertible. He had always been of the opinion that convertibles were a bit overrated, but there were two reasons he couldn’t just leave it where he found it.
“That’s understandable, we can be an intimidating bunch, especially your mom. Better to cement the relationship before she sees the crazy you come from, right? Can I at least see a picture? I wanna put a face to the woman you somehow tricked into dating you,” John’s jokes are another failed attempt to calm his son.
Sam knocked into Dean’s shoulder and they both started laughing. After a moment, they collected themselves and Sam started to walk around the car inspecting Dean’s handiwork.
Sam then cracked a smile, indicating he was just joking around. “Don’t be an ungrateful bitch,” Dean joked back.
The best part about having the whole family back in Kansas is getting to stop in at each other’s houses whenever there’s free time to spend some much appreciated quality time together.
“And I’m one of the people you love?” Cas asked, more tears gathering. Dean hated the uncertainty in his voice. He would fix that. He would make it his life goal to erase any doubt from Cas’ mind that he was loved by Dean.
Even with Dean’s hesitation, John is surprised at how easily his son had answered. He expected Dean to shut the conversation down very quickly, so it’s a pleasant shock that he answered honestly.
“Mary, he clearly doesn’t want you to make a big deal about this,” John says softly when Mary lets go of their eldest. He then continues, this time talking to Dean. “Son, that’s great, I’m glad she makes you this happy.”
“Your mother told me something interesting last night,” John says in replacement of a greeting when Dean arrives at work the next morning.
John is currently halfway under a dark green ‘61 Healey, so his answer is muffled, but unfortunately, Dean still catches it when he says: “That you told her you think you’re in love.”
Cas shifted slightly, lips still firmly pressed to Dean’s, as he reached his other hand up to rest where Dean’s neck and jaw met. As he dragged his thumb across the slight stubble, Dean deepened the kiss and Cas let out a small chuckle. Dean responded by smiling into the kiss which gave Cas the perfect opportunity to collide their tongues.
“So you really went through all of this for him?” Sam asked in amazement after he had made about three laps around the hunter-green TR6.
After a few minutes of silence, John assumes Dean is just done talking about it. He’s about to tell Dean to get to work when his son speaks up again, “I don’t even know the first thing about what love is supposed to feel like. What if they’re not right for me and I’m wasting my time and I’ll just get my heart broken. I’ve never trusted someone enough to give them that kind of power.”
“And you really expect us to believe that you haven’t started seeing someone?” Mary, the caring and gentle mother of two, asks her oldest son incredulously. She’s sitting on the table-top of her husband John’s work bench, ice cold beer in hand, watching as the three most important men in her life half-assedly work on her ‘69 Triumph TR6. The car was a gift from John for their 30th anniversary last year. Dean had told her it was his favorite car to work on, besides his own beloved ‘67 Chevy of course. She isn’t sure she believes him but she’s even more sure she doesn’t believe him about his relationship status as he awkwardly stands in front of the hood, fiddling with the label on his near-empty beer bottle with a faint blush painting his cheeks. Mary knows her adult son well enough to know that he never blushes at the topic of dating, or in his case (she hates to admit) hookups. She also knows him well enough to know that he isn’t exactly the relationship type, but she still believes he’ll want to settle down when he meets the right person.
Dean starts blushing even more, the color spreading down his neck at being put on the spot like this. He really would rather not discuss his sex life with his mother in the room, thank you very much. More importantly, he’s not ready to tell them the truth, but he’s worried they’re very close to figuring it out on their own.
The sun, low on the horizon, was illuminating him perfectly, the wind running through his hair, messing it up in the best way possible, and the smile on his face could not possibly get any wider. He was absolutely glowing. The thing was, Dean had seen Cas as an angel, eyes flashing, bright blue grace flowing out of him, wings shadowing behind him, and yes, it took Dean’s breath away. But it was nothing compared to this. He looked more ethereal than he ever looked as an angel because he looked at peace and genuinely happy.
They drove for a few minutes longer, Dean absentmindedly rubbing circles over the back of Cas’ hand with his thumb, until the sun started to set. The only words between them were Dean’s directions that lead them down a short dirt road and to a clearing near a small cliff.
Dean thinks he's subtle, but Sam has always seen right through him. They have a talk in the Impala, but Dean won't give Sam much to work with.
Dean figured if he shut Sam down, he would let it go this time too, but something in the back of Dean’s brain didn’t want to hide this anymore. And if he was going to eventually tell Cas about his feelings, he figured he’d have to tell his brother sooner or later anyway. Maybe this would also help Dean get one step closer to confessing to the ex-angel.
The ex-angel reached a hand up to Dean’s shoulder and suddenly they were kissing under the sunset. Dean sighed into the kiss, how had he ever doubted this?
Despite being asked about it constantly, especially by Jack who insisted on helping, Dean hadn’t shared any details.
If Dean thought Cas looked breathtaking in the garage, it was absolutely nothing to how he looked right now. Dean couldn’t stop staring from his spot in the passenger seat.
They had made up a birthday for Cas recently as they realized he had never celebrated one (it was actually Jimmy Novak’s birthday they had chosen) and it was approaching in a few days. The car was on track to be ready just in time.
John can sense Dean’s uncomfortableness, so he tries to take the pressure off the conversation a bit by getting up and fiddling with some tools on a bench next to them.
“I can’t believe how quickly you did all this! What was the rush anyway?” Sam quirked his eyebrow as he questioned the older Winchester.
“Well, we hit it off right from the start. Charlie introduced us actually, Cas is one of her co-workers. Our first date was the next night. It was more than just instant attraction, Cas gets me like no one else ever has, and we have so much in common. Our bond is so profound that after just the first week, it felt like we had known each other for years. We fit into each other’s lives perfectly, like we were just waiting for each other. I guess Cas just makes me feel more alive, you know?” It’s extremely clear that Dean feels more alive than he ever has before as he word-vomits his feelings to his father. “I feel more comfortable when we’re together than I’ve felt around anyone. I feel seen and appreciated in a way I never had before. Cas makes me want to be a better person, makes me feel like I can be the truest version of myself.”
It's been like two months...I was so stuck on this chapter that I had lost all motivation for it. But I'm proud to say that I'm very happy with how it turned out! It was really challenging to write in John's pov as a supportive and well-adjusted father. But I think I finally found a good balance. At first, this was really sappy and just completely unrealistic for these two.
John can’t help but be extremely aware of the fact that it’s slightly his fault his son is so allergic to feelings. Mary has recently given him multiple lectures on John's bad habit of encouraging his “toxic masculinity.” It was never his intention to discourage his sons from embracing their feelings, yet Dean is the prime example that he has inadvertently done just that. That ends today, John decides as he opens his mouth to share with his oldest more than he has before when it comes to notions of the heart.
“Oh...did she say anything else?” Dean nervously gulps, afraid to know the answer. He’s just relieved his father can’t see him at the moment and therefore can’t tell how fucking nervous he is.
“Why do you keep looking at me and not the horizon?” Cas questioned after he had caught Dean staring for approximately the fifth time.
Sam gave him a surprised look, but Dean assumed he was more so shocked at Dean admitting it and not so much about the context of the admission.
“Sorry, you’re just…” Dean paused, contemplating his words, “You’re distracting. I’ve never seen you look so happy.” They made eye contact as the moment settled around them. Dean was hyper-aware of Cas’ gaze searching every inch of his face, but he didn’t dare turn away. He let his ever-deepening blush and fond smile be examined by the man sitting admittedly closer to him than necessary, but not as close as Dean wished he was.
Dean, a hand still around Cas’ waist, began to gently lay Cas back against the windshield of the convertible. His free hand was placed beside Cas’s head, he used it for leverage as he started to kiss his way along Cas’ strong jaw and down his neck. He placed a kiss behind Cas’ ear, reveling in the breathy noises escaping his beautiful lips. Encouraged, he began to suck at the soft skin, he couldn’t find it in himself to give a shit if he left a mark. The action caused Cas to let out a low moan followed by a string of what Dean could only assume were Enochian profanities.
The day of Cas’ birthday had finally arrived and Dean was leading Cas out to the garage. Against Cas’ initial protests, Dean was standing behind Cas covering his eyes to keep everything a surprise.
As he braced himself and finally looked at the man he loved, the doubt was suddenly erased. The love in Cas’ eyes was irrefutable.
Dean casts his eyes to the ground, feigning interest in some old grease stain before he shrugs his shoulders. “Look,” He starts hesitantly, “It’s too new, I don’t want you all to get your hopes up. I’d really just rather not talk about it.”
*I edited this chapter, I realized I mentioned Dean was drunk, but he's the one driving, so Dean is actually not drunk. I wasn't paying attention to that detail when writing. Please don't drink and drive!*
Dean looks unsure himself as he hesitantly perches on the edge of the stool across from John before answering.
Blowing it off seems appealing, but Dean knows he has to come clean sooner or later, and the more he puts it off, the more anxious he’ll become.
As suddenly as they had started kissing again, they had stopped. But Cas’ lips were now roaming Dean’s neck as he whispered in a sultry, impossibly deep voice, “But you love me anyway don’t you?”
“I think you’re all crazy,” However, his tone of voice is more fond if anything, “But I do think Dean’s been happier and less stressed lately. Son, just tell them what’s up so we can settle this. Are you seeing someone?”
“You think?” Cas sarcastically replied. His hands, which were still planted on either side of Dean’s neck, pulled the hunter back down and he began peppering soft kisses all over Dean’s freckled face.
Dean was bad with words, but he was good at this. Cas had never had a birthday gift before, and Dean would be damned if he didn’t get the absolute best. Dean knew that if he wanted Cas to truly know how much he cared for him, he should flat-out tell the former angel. After all, Cas wasn’t always the best at reading between the lines. But, Dean was taking baby steps and this was the first step. Hopefully, this would help him work up the courage to tell Cas.
He instantly freezes like a deer caught in the headlights, worried about what his mom might have said. He doesn’t think she would have outed him to his father, but he also isn’t sure she would have realized it wasn’t okay for her to do that. He knows his parents share everything and his mom also isn’t good at keeping secrets.
As it turned out, lying to Sam wasn’t very easy anymore. Dean supposed it never really had been. Sam had always seemed to know what laid beneath the surface of Dean’s words, it’s just that normally he was polite enough to let it go.
Cas started to show a confused look on his face and tilted his head in curiosity, “I don’t get it...why would you go through all this trouble just for me?”
“I’m...not sure really, but I think I’m getting there…” Dean answers after a long several minutes. He says it so quietly that John almost thinks he imagined it.
It wasn’t saying it all, but as Dean watched the breathtaking smile spread across Cas’ face once again, it came to his attention that he had never said those words to Cas. That he loved him. Not even said it in a brotherly way. Not even said it when Cas had told him. Not even when Cas came back to Dean for good. Cas deserved to hear that he was loved every day. Dean promised at that moment to do better by Cas. To not just show it but say it. Repeatedly. He also promised himself to tell him that it was more than just in a brotherly or friendly way. He swore to himself right then that he would tell Cas that he was the love of his life. Soon. Baby steps.
It’s rare for the two men to have deep conversations that involve their feelings, but if Dean chooses to lead their discussion that way, then John will happily allow it.
Dean couldn’t really bring himself to say more right now though. But he figured it was okay that he was working up to it slowly, he just made a world of progress after all.
Then Dean is rushing off to the other side of the garage while John stands completely dumbfounded by the drastic turn in their discussion. Perhaps Mary can offer some insight, he thinks as he pulls out his phone to call his wife.
I hope you like the first chapter, I had so much fun writing it! Ever since rejoining the fandom, I'm completely obsessed all over again. It's literally to the point that my friend is a Destiel shipper without ever having watched anything past season 2. These two are just beautiful messes and they deserved so much better. Thanks to my bestie Abi (larrycocaine) for helping me get my crap together and write, check her out! Don't be shy, talk to me in the comments.
Dean knew without a doubt that that was Cas’ new moment of true happiness and he couldn’t help but smile just as wide. The warm breeze was in his hair, his favorite band was playing through the speakers, and the love of his life was sitting next to him looking like a goddamn dream.
Sam quietly studied Dean’s face for so long that Dean assumed that was the end of it, but then Sam’s face morphed into a shit-eating grin. Dean’s blush became even more prominent, but he found that he didn’t even care anymore.
Dean isn’t taking the bait. He pulls away from John’s reach and mumbles out an excuse, “Oh, shit I just realized I have to um...Bobby said he wanted to see me as soon as I got in. Don’t wanna give him reason to give me hell.”
Or at least that’s what Dean Winchester thought up until his parents and idiot younger brother start grilling him about his love life.
“How did you know you were in love?” Dean mumbles to the floor, his hands still nervously fidgeting where they rest on his thighs, “I’m new to this whole thing, how do I know if it’s love or just infatuation.”
“It’s our first time celebrating his birthday, he deserves it,” Dean tried to look anywhere but in Sam’s direction after that half-confession. The last thing he needed was for his annoying younger brother to see him blush. In order to save face he continued, “Besides, getting him this was the only way to get him to stop driving the fucking Pimp Mobile.”
So for the past month, while hunts were few and far between and he suddenly had hours of free time, he had been restoring the convertible, a 1969 Triumph TR6, to its former beauty.
John speaks with an air of boredom, further reinforced by the fact that he has yet to roll out from under the car. Dean can almost believe his dad doesn't care that much about an answer, but despite his flat tone, Dean can just sense the curiosity. That’s what really makes him nervous. Dean’s also still not entirely sure his father doesn’t know everything he told his mother yesterday at lunch.
Dean curiously eyed Sam, trying to gauge what kind of reaction that was supposed to be. “What are you? Jealous?” He finally asked after coming up short for an explanation for his brother’s confusing reaction.
“Okay, you can look!” Dean announced as soon as they crossed the threshold into the garage. They had just barely made it without incident, having almost crashed into every wall on the way in and nearly tripping on the steps down into the garage.
This time, there’s no hesitation or uncertainty on Dean’s part. It’s a side of Dean that John is seeing for the first time as his son starts to gush about his new-found love.
And suddenly it’s so much worse than if his mother had told him that Dean is dating a guy because this is now about feelings. And Dean is famously incompetent with voicing his. Especially to someone like his father, who’s also inept in this area.
The car was finally ready, or at least it would be once Dean finished waxing it. Sam suddenly appeared in the garage, a huge smile on his face as he eyed up the car. He hadn’t yet seen it, nor did he know who the convertible was for.
“Dean, I don’t understand?” Cas spoke for the first time since seeing the surprise, “This is for me?”
I love how Dean describes Cas in this like omg how freaking cute right? (That really wrote itself I have no idea where that came from)
“Well, I suppose you don’t completely know, but the difference is if it’s just infatuation, your interest fades pretty quick. With your mother, I knew right away that what we had was different from anything else I had experienced. I had never really seen myself settling down, not until I met her. Not only that; she made me feel like maybe I did deserve a happy ending. I may have doubted myself a lot, but I have never doubted her and me if that makes sense.”
Raise your hand if you're ready for a talk in the Impala between the brothers *insert hand raising emoji here*
“I could stand here and tell you what it feels like to realize you’re in love. But honestly son, I think the fact that you’re even asking any of this means deep down you already know,” John says with a small smile, surprised that Dean hasn’t looked away again.
“Um, it’s been almost two months.” Dean nervously wrings his hands while carefully avoiding eye contact. John doesn't say anything, just patiently waits for his son to continue. He knows he can't push Dean too hard into this father-son moment. “That’s probably too soon to know if you’re in love right?”
Dean avoided looking at Sam as he felt a blush start to creep up his neck, “Um, well... Cas’ birthday is in a few days,” He blurted out without pausing between any words. Unfortunately, Sam seemed to manage to make out what he said.
Dean put a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “We’re gonna fix him. We’re gonna deal with these wolves, and then we’re gonna fix Cas. And none of this is your fault.”
“Later,” Dean said, kissing Cas and extricating his hands so they could run over the angel’s strong stomach when he finally managed to undo the suit buttons. Cas exhaled in a rush that was deliciously close to a moan and kissed Dean harder. Cas’ jacket fell to the floor. Dean broke the kiss and reached for his flannel.
Dean’s lips curled up at the corners in just a hint of a smile. Sam always knew how to make him laugh, even--hell, maybe especially--when he didn’t want to.
Her wink was met with furious blushes from Dean and Sam and an “Oh, hell,” from Bobby. “I’m happy for you kids,” the older hunter continued, “but I don’t want to hear it.”
we could get you enough juice to go right to the boys.” He turned back to Charlie. “Do they have anything of yours?”
“Cas?” Bobby asked. When the angel focused on him, he continued, “If you hurt him, I’ll kick your ass.”
“How’s a hot toddy sound?” she asked. “I imagine this is a lot for you to take in. And no, I’m not trying to get you drunk,” she said as Dean opened his mouth to respond. He promptly closed it.
“Okay.” Cas slipped his fingers through Dean’s, intertwining them. Butterflies took off in Dean’s stomach as his heart pounded out a few extra beats. Cas was holding his hand. They were holding hands.
“He’s got a nice comfy ring of holy fire around him,” Charlie said. “It’s the only way we could convince him to stay put.”
“You don’t think the Leviathans count as a friggin’ apocalypse?” Dean asked, somewhere between his normal gruff tone and a yell.
Cas agreed, and they walked most of the way back in silence. Just as the cabin came into view, Cas asked one more question. “Why a cupid?”
“It hasn’t been years, dude,” Dean said. Sam gave him his classic bitchface. “Fine. What am I supposed to do, man? It’s Cas.” Dean couldn’t fight the slight panic in his voice.
Sam shrugged. “Only if you shower first. And maybe shave. Or put on something that doesn’t have holes in it.”
. Cas knew Dean better than he let on. He knew the internalized homophobia, knew how much more real whatever they had would feel once they told others. He was gracefully giving Dean an out.
Dean saw Sam out of the corner of his eye, biting his lip as he tried not to laugh. “We’ll get to that later.” He clapped a hand on the angel’s strong shoulder. “Let’s get home first.”
--and instinctively knew it was his home. He was sitting on a leather couch that was clearly well loved, but not too loved. Comfy in all the right places. Still clean.
Dean blamed the bees. He’d always blame the bees, he decided, toasting the thought with more whiskey. He’d always worn that damn trenchcoat. And more layers under it. So seeing the body of the angel he thought he knew covered only in bees, well...it surprised him, to say the least. He knew the guy was strong, but he thought it was part of the angel juice. Dean didn’t realize how fit he was. And it was only on quiet nights, when Sammy wasn’t around and when there wasn’t anything else to distract him, that he remembered how much he’d
“It sounds familiar,” she said in a distracted voice. “Everything about her sounds familiar, actually. I wonder…” She trailed off. They’d reached the cabin.
Nope. No, he wasn’t going down that road. Thinking about that stupid, stubborn, lost angel never ended well. He cleared his throat before saying, “She’s fine.” When his response was met with blank stares, he added, “She’s being smart.”
“The chain restaurant,” Bobby explained. “They’ve got this turducken thing. It’s supposed to eventually make humans docile, easy to kill.”
Sam spoke first, breaking the silence that Charlie had left in her wake. “Is that your first cup of coffee?” He jerked his chin at his brother.
“How are you? Really? And don’t you dare try to sell me that ‘I’m fine’ bullcrap. It didn’t work last time. Sure as hell ain’t gonna work now.”
Bobby looked pissed, but Dean had a feeling it had more to do with the two $20 bills he was handing over to Sam than anything else. “You idjits finally got your heads outta your asses?” he asked gruffly.
Bobby drank, too. “We’ll figure it out. Might take us a bit, but we’ll figure it out. We know how to hurt the bastards now. That’s a start.”
Dean turned his head to look at Cas again. “Can we talk tomorrow?” the angel asked. That damn worry was back in his eyes.
he could still hear it in his head, clear as day. Clear as anything. Maybe if he drank more, Dean thought as he reached for the whiskey again, it would fade. He took another sip, prayed it would work.
She shrugged, a slightly impish smile curling her lips up at the corners. “You already have. And these boys owe me a favor now, anyways.”
Her stern look was almost humorous. Dean nodded, blinking away the tears that were threatening to escape. Happy tears. How fucking strange.
“I get it, man.” Dean opened Baby’s trunk and pulled out Cas’ trench coat nervously. He held it out to Cas, who was staring at Dean more intensely than usual. Cas looked down at the coat and ran his hand over it lightly. Dean’s breath caught. This was more than a coat. This was a role, a symbol of who Cas had been before he betrayed the Winchesters. Cas fixed Dean with that intense stare again, for just a heartbeat. Dean knew Cas felt it, too--the significance of the piece of fabric between them. Cas put both hands on the trench coat, and Dean let it go.
got antsy,” Sam said. His hair was almost messier than Dean’s. His shoulders were tense, and his hazel eyes were flashing with anger and frustration.
loudly. His hungover brain wasn’t ready for that kind of volume, apparently. But he listened to the thought, to the memory. He got a glass and forced his bleary eyes to focus on the water filling it, forced himself to drink it all down in one go. He refilled his coffee mug and walked towards the stacks of books, thinking.
“Uh…” He dropped his eyes, trying to clear his head, but they landed on Cas’ lips. Not helpful. “No. Other than you and Charlie and apparently Gabriel pulling some strings behind the scenes, nothing.”
Sam leaned back in his seat. “Fine.” He fiddled with the radio until classic rock came on and, mercifully, kept his mouth shut.
“How’s your head, Sammy?” Dean asked. He’d been so damn caught up in the case he’d forgotten to check on his brother.
Cas was standing at his side in an instant. Dammit--how did the son of a bitch move so quietly? “Would you mind summarizing what has happened with the Leviathans until now? Remind me of everything that wasn’t in the papers Sam gave me?” He was--probably unintentionally--giving Dean a puppy dog look that almost put Sam’s to shame. “I just want to be clear on what was real and what was not.”
“What’d she say? Close enough to hack, far enough to see them coming?” When Dean saw Sam nod out of the corner of his eye, he added, “She told me if things go south, look for RRE. Any idea what that is?”
The vision and the archangel disappeared. Dean was back in his room at the cabin, back in his bed. Shaking.
“I can think of someone else we know like that,” Sam said. When Dean didn’t respond, he added, “Someone whose melon is cracked.”
Dean and Sam rolled their eyes in unison. “I mean it,” Bobby said. He and Jody left. And then the Winchesters and their fallen angel were alone.
Elle rolled her eyes. “The sooner you boys get out of here, the sooner you’ll get your Cas back.” She tilted her head thoughtfully. “I’m impressed that you’re already halfway there, with the whole memory loss bit. How’d you pull that off?”
The angel raised his head. Dean exhaled sharply. Cas was exhausted, but the too-big smile was gone. The heavy weight of millennia of fighting and the icy intensity were back in his eyes.
Dean sighed heavily. He nodded. “Could never say no to you, anyway,” he said, nudging her arm with his elbow.
Charlie spun her head to find an extremely exasperated angel. At least, she assumed he was an angel. She’d never met him.
He longed for a record player, for the familiar chords of Led Zeppelin songs. But even music brought up pain. He was going to make a mix-tape, he remembered. He was going to make a mix-tape for Cas. Before the Leviathans, before the current shit show they were living in, he was going to make a mix-tape for Cas.
“I know,” he said. “I’m sure there was a reason. This is Cas, Dean. He rebelled against heaven for us.” Sam shook his head, lost in thought. “There must be a reason.”
Cas gave Dean an unreadable look. It lingered just a heartbeat longer than usual--long enough for the butterflies in Dean’s stomach to start tap dancing. The angel went back to his papers.
The remaining research--and Dean’s whiskey--went by surprisingly fast. The only interruption was a text from Sam, telling Dean that he’d made it and would get a motel that night.
“This is gonna be a process, buddy,” Charlie said, putting her hand on his arm. “But we’ll get him.”
Cas hesitated in front of Bobby. “C’mere, you idjit,” Bobby said, hugging the angel quickly but fiercely. “Good to have you back.”
Cas’ frown lingered. “Yes.” Recognition sparked in those brilliant blue eyes, and his frown disappeared. “You went on a killing spree. But they weren’t you. Were they?”
Dean barely resisted rolling his eyes. “Charlie’s kind of smart, ok?” He started throwing his stuff into his duffel.
Cas’ eyes on Dean’s were steady, completely nonjudgmental. “She helped me talk through some things as well.”
Dean ran a hand down his face, trying desperately to keep the terror churning in his stomach contained.
Dean took a breath in through his nose. Charlie had taught him that, he realized idly. Cas had reinforced it.
That clearly didn’t make Sam feel any better. “How? The hell am I supposed to say? ‘Hey, Elle, just wondering if this ball thing you asked me to when we have a job to do and are clearly trying to not die is a date or not?’”
“It’s different for everyone,” Dean tried to explain. They were dancing around the truth that had kicked his heart into overdrive, the truth he had barely come to acknowledge. The truth that scared the
Something shifted in Cas’ face. “I need to rest if I want to successfully heal Sam tomorrow.” He stood. “Good night, Dean.”
The smile turned into a shit-eating grin. “Fucking finally.” He turned his head to the side and towards the stairs. “Bobby!”
Bobby shrugged. “Not exactly. But she said whatever he does works. A friend of hers had cancer. Terminal. This Emmanuel character touched her head, and she was healed.”
She waved a hand. “Come on. I’ve got tea and coffee in the cabin, and I need to get out of this mess.” She gestured to her outfit. When they didn’t move or drop their guns, she sighed. “You’re Sam and Dean Winchester. You’re the reason the apocalypse failed.” Her deep green eyes, which had been bright and calculating, softened. “I have every reason to help you and none at all to harm you.” She looked at each of them in turn. “Please.”
Too tired to put any of those thoughts into words, Dean just hummed his agreement. Cas lightly stroked his hair, and Dean turned into a puddle. A thought occurred to him, and he was tired enough to not have a filter. “When you said all of the physical sensations are new…”
“Uh, yeah. No problem,” Dean said, suddenly feeling cold without Cas’ solid, warm weight pressed against his side. He intentionally avoided Sam’s eyes and the knowing look he
Elle came back carrying an empty hourglass. At least, Dean assumed it was empty. The glass was pitch black. When the firelight hit it, he could see some runes etched into the sides. “What’s that?” he asked.
Dean’s grin stretched across his face as his heart grew. He hadn’t seen Sam this excited about someone in a while--probably since Madison. “Uh huh.”
Sam sighed heavily and handed it over. Twenty minutes later, they were all set up with a new laptop and several brand-new IDs and credit cards.
An idea sparked in Charlie’s mind. A wild, undoubtedly batshit, probably completely impossible idea.
Cas glanced at Dean, and Dean saw something new in Cas’ eyes. Fear. Just a little flicker of fear. Cas was afraid of this--of closeness, of family, of love. Dean knew that reaction as well as he knew his own damn reflection. And just like that, his heart broke for Cas. The urge to somehow comfort the angel was almost overwhelming. But what was he gonna do? Hug him? He hadn’t had nearly enough coffee yet for this.
“It’s really quiet out here,” Sam explained. His worried eyes searched Dean’s face, his brow furrowed. “I’ve never seen you like this unless we’re fighting, man. Would talking about it help?”
Dean’s breath hitched in his chest, the air he took in not quite filling his lungs. “He can’t be too far gone,” he managed. “He just can’t be.” He couldn’t keep the panic out of his voice. “He can’t be gone. Not again.”
Dean’s jaw dropped slightly. He turned around so he was facing Cas again. Those blue eyes were so hesitant, so worried. “Is that okay?”
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean said in a low voice that almost broke. He reached into the fridge and pulled out a beer.
Dean woke up slowly. Realizations around the events of the past day or so hit him slowly and pulled him closer to full consciousness, like standing at the edge of the ocean and feeling the pull of the tide.
Sam smiled. That was enough. If Dean had packed the trenchcoat, he was at least almost ready to welcome Cas back into the family. And almost ready was good enough.
Cas shook his head in wonder as sadness leaked into his eyes. “Why do you always sell yourself short?”
Dean nodded, still in a daze. “Yeah, man. Sure.” He stood and clapped a heavy hand on Cas’ shoulder, mirroring where Cas’ handprint had been burned into his skin for months. Cas looked at the hand and then up at the man attached to it. “Good to have you back, Cas,” Dean said. There were so many other things that needed to be said, but that was enough for now.
it. He loved kissing another guy. He loved the contrast between Cas’ rough stubble and his soft hair, the sharp lines of his body and his pillow-soft lips. He caught Cas’ bottom lip between both of his, and Cas groaned. The hesitation disappeared. Cas spun them around so Dean was against the wall. Shock zipped through Dean, amplifying the arousal that had been simmering ever since Cas kissed him the first time. Dean ran his hands under Cas’ trench coat before trying to push it off.
Elle gave him a warm smile. “I can’t really tell what’s wrong with your mind or how to fix it unless I put my hands on your head. Kind of like this.” She gestured with her own hands, putting them on the top and upper sides of her head. “Is that okay?”
Dean set his glass down, not turning away from the sink, fighting the instinct to meet Cas’ eyes. His voice, that deep rumble, was unapologetically commanding, but Dean was stubborn as hell. But Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. Dean had missed that voice.
“We’ll get ‘em,” Bobby told Sam, clapping him on the shoulder. “We’ll buy all the damn Borax in the state if we have to.” He cleared his throat awkwardly. “I, uh, asked Jody to dig up some records. She should be stopping by later today.”
Dean stared at her. She held out her hand for him to shake. He ran a hand down his face before nodding and shaking her hand. “Fine. I’ll try it.”
Cas’ eyebrows went up, accentuating his bright blue eyes. “Go ahead. I’m listening. Tell me how stupid I was.”
Cas opened his eyes and turned to Charlie. “I know what the feelings are. But I don’t know what they mean.”
Cas met his eyes with an equally soft expression. “It was worth it. Not being possessed, of course. But saving Sam was worth it.”
Dean sighed. “You’re right. You did make a mess of things. You did a whole bunch of stupid shit, and we haven’t figured out how to deal with all of it yet.” Panic swirled in the angel’s eyes. Dean put a hand on his shoulder, trying to steady him. “But you’ve apologized. You fixed Sam. You’re back. You’re here. Right?”
“First of all, I don’t anyone who knows the benefits of emotions and opinions thinks you’re broken. You’re different from the other angels, sure, but that’s not a bad thing. And it makes sense. Most angels don’t get as up close and personal with humans as you have.”
“Come on,” Charlie said, beaming now. “Most queer babes deny their sexuality for a long time. Dean’s done it more than most. Cas probably wasn’t even capable of love for centuries.”
“Night, Dean,” Charlie called. Dean disappeared as quickly as he could and prayed to whoever was listening that Sam wouldn’t grill him about his feelings the next day. He’d had enough of that for several months, at least.
Dean sighed heavily. “Yeah, Sammy was probably faking.” He shook his head. “Seems like something the stubborn son of a bitch would do.”
The happy feeling in Dean’s chest faded as he remembered how damn angry he was. “Cas--” Dean said in a warning tone.
“Just more of the same.” Sam came into the kitchen, taking the beer Bobby gave him. “They’ve got something big planned. I just don’t get why they’re buying up so much land.”
“You’re staying at her place?” Dean asked, turning around so Cas could see how high his eyebrows were. This was
Dean’s eyes flashed to Sam and Bobby. “Not yet. Give me a minute.” He indicated the stairs with a jerk of his chin before heading up them, giving Chet a death glare first. Bobby and Sam weren’t far behind. Sam closed the basement door and cocked an eyebrow at his brother. Dean moved farther into the living room--out of Chet’s earshot, he hoped--and Bobby and Sam followed. Dean pressed a button on his phone. “You’re on speaker, Charles.”
“Thanks.” She pursed her lips. “You’re not gonna like my answer, but you need to hear it anyway. Deal?” When Dean nodded, she said, “Love.”
“I can’t tell you that one, buddy,” she said gently. “But I think you’ll figure it out.” She glanced up at the sky. “I’ll walk you back, but then I’ve gotta go. Will you tell the boys?”
Cas shook his head wearily. “Everything since I took in the souls from purgatory is a blur. I only remember fragments, and I’m not sure which fragments are fact or fiction.”
Maybe that was the point, he thought as he brushed his teeth. If it had been anyone else, of any gender, he wouldn’t be this happy. Yeah, he was still kind of freaking out about Cas being a guy. Hell, he was still getting used to the idea of liking guys. But when he pushed past his knee-jerk reactions of fear and panic, there was freedom. Freedom and a soul-deep sense of knowing. He liked men. And he liked women.
“Shut up,” Sam snapped. “If she could turn Charlie into an angel, she might have enough juice to kill the Leviathans. Maybe she’ll know how to kill them, at least.”
The house was oddly quiet as they drank, reminding Sam of something. “We thought you still had a Leviathan in the basement,” he asked.
Charlie beamed. “I think it’s time to head back, don’t you?” She offered a hand to Cas, and he took it. Her hand was so small and soft compared to Dean’s.
Sam hung up before Dean could hear Cas’ argument for playing with holy fire. Sam laughed lightly. “Apparently Cas is a happy crazy.”
As if he could hear him, Emmanuel’s head snapped up, blue eyes meeting green. And something clicked.
“He apologized, Dean,” Charlie said gently. “Who are you actually helping by holding on to your anger?”
Cas paused. Dean could almost watch the angel sort through his thoughts and see the wheels turning in his head. Cas studied him for a beat before his shoulders fell. “Everything. The lying, the Leviathans, the--”
“What?” the older hunter asked. “Holding a grudge is like drinking poison and expecting the other guy to die.”
“Okay, kid,” she said. “Are you gonna run back to your pack and tell them to stay the hell away from my woods? Or do I have to kill you, too?”
Sam rolled his eyes but found the station. For the rest of the ride, it almost felt like old times. Almost felt like driving to any other job.
He set the candle and its holder on the flimsy desk, pulled out his Zippo, and lit it. The candle crackled and came to life, slightly blurry in Dean’s whiskey-enhanced vision.
Charlie had said. Dean rubbed his eyes and sat up. Took another deep breath. He’d actually managed to get drunk the night before, but that didn’t save him from this. He rubbed one hand down his face.
“Give it some time,” Bobby said. He stared at Dean for a second longer than usual. Dean wondered what was going through his head. Probably nothing good. “I’ll go on the milk run. What were you gonna get?”
“Don’t mention it.” Bobby spread out the newspaper on the table. “Didn’t hear anything from Sam’s room, did you?”
“It’s really good.” Dean smiled. The memory of their embrace was still hanging in the air, waiting to be picked up. If only Dean knew how.
Bobby and Sam were standing about a hundred yards from Elle’s cabin. “Think this is far enough away?” Dean asked as he joined them.
Dean shook his head at her, but he smiled, too. Charlie was the only person who could ever get away with saying shit like that. Mostly because there was no heat behind it, but also because she was right.
There were people who loved men and women. Cas had watched them for millennia. They weren’t as common, and they often had to hide, but they existed. What was the word? Bisexual. He unconsciously took a sharp breath in.
“Hey.” Dean grabbed his brother’s shoulder. “She was here. I don’t know how, ‘cuz she got a bona fide hunter’s funeral and everything. But she was here.”
Sam’s eyes met his, the firelight flickering in them. He didn’t need to speak, didn’t need to name the other person they’d lost.
The words stayed in Dean’s head where they rang, clear as a bell. He cleared his throat, swallowing them down. “You’re family, Cas.”
“What’re you doing home, anyway?” Bobby asked. “Thought you were in Omaha, going after some werewolves.”
Bobby and Sam said their hellos as Dean found the news channel. Dean focused on the disturbing security footage as the reporter explained the scene.
Cas had seen that. Cas knew his soul. He knew what Dean’s heart was like, and he didn’t turn away. And that was a start.
“Keep in mind,” Charlie said in the same gentle voice, “he knows you. He’s seen you on plenty of early mornings pre-coffee.”
Dean thought. Charlie had said it so often that he heard it in her voice. Deep breath in. Say it on the exhale. “She’s gone, Bobby.”
“I’m sorry you had to see that. I don’t hurt people--any living beings, really--unless I have to.” When they didn’t move, she added, “I won’t hurt you.” It sounded like a promise. She stood a little taller and suddenly seemed oddly regal, even with blood and guts all over her clothes. “You need help, right?”
Dean looked at both of them before pointing back and forth, drawing an imaginary line between them in the air. “You talked about this without me.”
Something in Dean’s heart broke. Cas was expecting him to yell, to be absolutely furious. And he had been. He’d gone from livid to hurt to done to numb. But now, with Cas standing in front of him, alive and real and honest and knowing exactly who he was…
Cas kissed him soundly, and Dean’s head spun. When they broke apart, Cas said, “I’m good.” He scrunched his nose. “You still taste kind of strange.”
“Bobby Singer,” Elle finished. “Adoptive dad to these three.” She nodded at Sam, Dean, and Charlie. “Genius, but you hide that under flannel and alcohol.”
“Fair enough.” She put a hand on one of her hips, standing so she was mostly balanced on that leg. “Pretty sure Gabe already gave this away, but here’s my two cents. Which I think you know already.”
Sam’s explanation--and most of the conversation between him, Charlie, and Bobby--became background noise in Dean’s head. He was distracted by the feeling of Cas’ hand in his. Cas’ hand was much bigger and rougher than he’d expected. But it was warm and solid and holding onto his with absolutely no hesitation.
Dean snorted, shook his head, and couldn’t seem to stop shaking it. He opened the motel room door. “I don’t know, man.” He remembered the guilty look on Sam’s face. “Are you?”
“Don’t know that, either. Charlie must’ve run out of ghost juice or something. Said she had to go.” Some small part of Dean was proud of how calm he seemed--or at least convinced himself he seemed. If he actually articulated how he felt or what he was thinking, it wouldn’t be pretty.
“Hey there, old man,” she said. She pulled him in for a hug. Bobby jumped when he realized she was solid. She smiled up at Sam as Bobby released her. “Sammy.”
“You’re unique,” Charlie told him. “And Dean’s unique. And because of that, your relationship is unique.”
“This is awesome.” Cas relaxed and let his fingers card through Dean’s hair. “Did you mean...touching. Kissing. Sleeping with someone. Having sex.” Dean tilted his head so he could see Cas’ face. “All of that is new?”
Cas kissed him hard and thoroughly enough that Dean lost his balance and sense of time. “Thank you, Dean.” Cas frowned. “You taste funny.”
“Dean, what’ll you do if it stops being manageable?” Sam asked. Dean heard the same kind of soul-deep tiredness in his brother’s voice that he’d felt just the day before. “You can’t cure me. If Cas were around--”
said Charlie’s voice in the back of his head. She showed up in front of him and his mostly-packed bag with a soft rush of wings. “You’re doing great,” she said out loud.
Dean turned back to his brother and saw something new in the puppy dog look: a little bit of sadness. “Anything. I’m here for you, man. I mean, I know I’ve been a basket case lately, but--”
Dean shook his head, smiling a little. They paid their entrance fee, took their axes, and found a target far away from the others. “In case you end up yelling,” Charlie said.
“We’ve already got two cases going.” When they didn’t react or respond, Dean kept going. “Saving Cas? Stopping an apocalypse again?” He took a nice, long sip of his coffee.
“Uh, thank you!” Dean called from the front steps. No response. He looked at Sam and shrugged. “Come on. We gotta tell Bobby.”
“It was worth it. I recovered.” Cas swallowed, internally preparing himself for his next question and the Pandora’s box it would undoubtedly open up. “At least, I think I recovered.”
Sam laughed lightly. Dean bit back a snort. “No, not that. For taking the crazy.” He studied the angel. “You didn’t have to.”
Charlie shook her head sadly. “No, not yet. But Hannah’s looking. He’s just constantly flying. Never stays still for long, and there’s no pattern to where he goes that we can figure out.” She gave Dean an unusually serious look. “Keep in mind--it’s one thing to find him. It’s another thing to keep him from running away, and a whole other shindig to get him to come with us.”
Sam’s eyes flicked to Dean, a silent plea. Dean cleared his throat and forced his jaw to unlock. “We got to Chicago. Checked out the cafes as much as we could without going inside. Went to her apartment…” Dean’s heart was hammering in his chest. Breathing took conscious effort.
Cas gave Dean the softest, most tender look he’d ever been given. It was care and affection and admiration and...love, probably. “I’m already overwhelmed. I do want to sleep with you, but I want to savor it the first time. Not rush it.” He smiled shyly. “Maybe we could go on a date first.”
A massive weight Dean hadn’t even known he was carrying lifted from his chest. Sam knew. Hell, Sam had known probably longer than
Bobby squinted at Sam before shooting Dean a look that clearly meant this was just the beginning of the “how broken is Sam’s head” discussion. Sam stood and dealt with his dishes. “I’m gonna see if I can crack Charlie’s laptop.”
A litany of swears started playing in Dean’s internal monologue, but they weren’t from panic. They were coming from that brilliantly blinding part of him, so bright and sharp it hurt to look at or think about too much. What was that? Happiness?
Dean exhaled in relief and wonder. How had he known? How had Cas known what Dean was afraid of before Dean himself even realized it? “Okay.” He pulled away from the wall and went to the bedroom, grabbing his pajamas and fighting the urge to collapse on the bed and sleep instantly. Cas wasn’t the only one dealing with overwhelm. “You know, you can sleep with me without sleeping with me. If you want.”
“No pulse,” Sam choked out. His eyes were hazy with tears when they found his brother’s. “Dean, she’s gone.”
Dean rolled his eyes as Charlie started to pace, growing more and more animated. He’d never admit it, but he loved seeing her this excited. “You’ve only ever been this mad at family. At people you love.” She raised her eyebrows in a silent question, and Dean reluctantly nodded.
Cas’ face didn’t lose that terrible distance. “Hey,” Dean said gently. Acting on impulse, he reached for Cas, thinking he’d take the angel’s arm. Apparently his instincts had other plans, because he took Cas’ hand instead. Cas blinked a few times before focusing on Dean, and Christ on a cracker his face was soft. Scared. Beautifully, painfully open. “I, uh…” Cas, ever patient, just waited for Dean to say his piece.
, he reminded himself in a voice that sounded an awful lot like his father. He hated that voice. The beers and the whiskey and the goddamn
Shit. When was the last time he’d showered? His scattered, tired brain tried to figure it out. Too long ago, he decided. He’d shower, then handle Sam. Then the Leviathan. In that order.
“We’ll get there.” Bobby leaned against the counter and crossed his arms. “I’m gonna make some calls. See if I can figure out where Cas is.”
Cas searched his eyes, dark with arousal and brimming with worry. He broke eye contact. “Not like this,” he said quietly.
“Charlie.” Sam beamed and picked her up. She squealed, and for just a moment, Dean imagined that this was all that mattered. They were together and happy and whole.
But when he sat back down, Cas’ eyes were all gooey and soft. Was he really not ready? Or was he just scared? Their lives were so dangerous. They could die any day. So what the hell was he waiting for?
“It’s 5 o’clock somewhere.” He reached for his flask. Charlie instantly took it out of his hand and threw it in the car. “Hey!”
“We’ll call,” Sam promised. They got into Bobby’s truck and drove out of the dirt driveway, heading west.
Charlie raised one eyebrow. There was no criticism in her eyes--just a question. “Are you sure about that?”
“I don’t give a damn. Call me when you find somewhere to stay.” His eyes were hard and determined. Dean knew that look. It meant fighting was pointless.
Dean tried again, but this time, his voice was noticeably tight. “Why are you naked and covered in bees?”
“Dean. Thank God,” Charlie said in an exhausted and irritable voice. “You’re gonna want to hold onto him. He has the attention span of a toddler.”
“Good night,” Sam and Dean called. They started moving towards the stairs. Cas just stood awkwardly in the doorway. “Should I go?” he asked.
Dean closed his eyes. Dammit, Sam was probably right. “Look. What’s done is done. Once we deal with these werewolves, we can look for whatever this power source is.”
They did it, somehow. Dean’s brain had blacked out the worst bits before they were even at Bobby’s truck. “I’ll drive first,” he told Sam. Driving would...well, driving would usually clear his head. Nothing could clear his head but sleep at this point. But since he couldn’t sleep, it was better to focus on something. Focus on the road.
Charlie exhaled heavily. “Spoiler alert, buddy. You’re the only person in your life who didn’t know you were--still are--in love with Cas.”
Dean walked back into the bedroom. Cas was staring out the window. “Is that how you usually meditate?” Dean asked.
He’d just figured out that he was definitely capable of falling in love with guys--and was in love with that specific guy. How the
“What’s up?” Dean asked, walking over. Cas couldn’t help admiring both of them. They were beautiful. So different in so many ways, but beautiful. Of course, he had different feelings about Dean’s beauty than Sam’s, but--
“I’ll tell you,” Sam said in a slightly petulant tone. Dean suddenly saw Sam’s teenage self in the moose of a man in front of him. Dammit, he loved this stubborn son of a bitch. Not that he’d ever say that out loud, but Sam knew.
Bobby and Sam filled him in. Dean nodded along, surprised at how much easier it was to focus on work after actually dealing with his emotions. Shit. Maybe Charlie was on to something.
It took all of Dean’s self-control to not roll his eyes. He settled for giving Sam a flat look. For the millionth time, he missed Charlie.
Sam nodded before standing. “Give me five minutes.” He tucked his hair behind his ears before heading upstairs.
“Sam,” Dean cut in, “I have talked about feelings more in the past three days than I have in years. I’m done.” His tone left no room for arguing.
Cas nodded, although his eyes were filled with trepidation. She knelt in front of him, her expression warm and encouraging.
“We’re grown men, Bobby. We can handle this,” Dean said, trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice.
“No, Cas, we didn’t,” Bobby said. Dean knew that tone. Bobby had used it on him when he’d woken up from a nightmare--placating, grounding.
One, two, three men came out of the car. Dean watched Bobby look Cas up and down, evaluating him. “Well, I’ll be damned,” he said.
“Yeah, that’s what Sammy was saying yesterday.” Dean took a sip of his coffee. A part of him wanted to ask for whiskey, but he knew that would mean a lecture, and it was too damn early for that.
The full impact of his words crashed into him. He suddenly felt weak, as if the wind was knocked out of him. He hadn’t been ready to say all of that, but now it was out there. The weight of his secret, the safety of keeping it, was gone. Holy fucking shit. He braced himself for losing his brother and squeezed his eyes shut. “Are you happy now?” he asked harshly.
The hand on Dean’s leg pulled back. The glow faded. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of the fallen angel.
And then without any further warning, Cas steps backward and pulls Dean with him. It’s an odd sensation, losing the ground under his feet and tilting forward a little but not falling. It doesn’t come close to the swooping stomach actual flying causes him but it’s still weird. He can hear Cas huff a breath behind him, holding on and on and on — it’s a feat for Dean to not comment on the fact that Cas is basically holding him up here — and then the hands on him are letting go, pushing him away without warning and he’s lurching forward. He makes a noise, a mix between a laugh and an embarrassing squeak at the sudden movement, and then he’s already swinging back and Cas is pushing him forward again.
He stops, swallows down the rest of his sentence. It’s stupid. He can’t go there, no matter how badly he wants to ask, wants to know what it was that he fucked up, what he did wrong, if he could change it, if there’s any hope left. It would ruin things all over and he’d rather have something than nothing.
Cas instantly quietens, voice tapering off on the tale end of his musings. Even from where Dean’s staring resolutely ahead it’s obvious how his eyebrows scrunch up and he tilts his head. “Is something wrong?”
When they part Dean presses his forehead against Cas's and just needs to exist for a second without thinking or doing anything. He can feel his warm breath on his own face and there's a tug of want in his stomach that makes him teeter dangerously close to just taking.
When the seconds tick by and his father doesn’t come to him but passes by the half-open bathroom door, Dean goes back to scrubbing. One bullet dodged.
“Jo’s outside smoking with some of Bess’ cousins.” Charlie pushes her lower lip forward while she slumps down in the chair across from him and Jesus Christ she’s actually pouting. “Thought I’d offer you a break from looking jilted.”
His father hums in agreement and the fridge opens, the hum of it getting louder. Dean places the coffee pot back into the machine.
"Is it now?" He knows he should feel a little guilty but he finds that he doesn't actually care for waking Cas up. "Tell me, how drunk were you last night?"
The heat stays trapped between them, neither of them moving beyond rearranging limbs into more comfortable positions, boneless and exhausted, all the missing air and unsaid words of the night catching up and settling on top of them like a blanket. There's an itch in Dean's fingers to reach for his gun, lying somewhere on the floor still. No use as protection. Instead, he brushes his hand over Cas' naked back, up and down, feels him shiver and sigh.
The hope that Dean hadn’t fucked up as much as he thought quickly got buried by actually looking at his phone underneath Cas's note and reading Sam’s text — a simple reminder that if he doesn’t feel up to going to the hospital today he just has to say the word — and the one from Ellen — she found somebody to take his shift this afternoon. And while it was a decent reminder and made every thought a little sharper, Dean had been fine until now. No breakdown lining up, no panic about anything.
“And you’re sure it still fits?” Jo eyes him, eyebrows raised. “I mean, that’s what, three years? How many times have you worn it since then?”
Dean [8:13 AM]: The brother and girlfriend came down with something. Offered to take Ollie off their hands for the day so they could rest.
“I know.” He smiles back, tugs her into his side in an awkward hug before they both go their different ways, her towards the front door and him to the back to get his — hopefully — last lesson from Ellen on how to handle things before he’ll finally be able to lose himself in the work.
Dean [6:07 PM]: He’ll bring you my key as well, so you don’t get into trouble whenever you move out.
Instead of responding, Cas settles his hands on Dean's hips, tucked underneath his open flannel, and kisses him. Just a short peck, no further intent. It still lights Dean’s nerves on fire and he presses back in, wrapping his own arms around Cas's shoulders. They go pliant, molding themselves to each other, Cas's arms tugging further around his waist, fingertips slipping under the hem of his shirt and digging into bare skin, while Dean drops his head to the crook of his neck.
The laugh bursts out of Dean and it startles him. But it’s short, ends as abruptly as it started, and leaves the sting of tears behind. He swallows, throat suddenly too dry. “Thank you.”
He’s on his father in a split second, hands twisted in the collar of his shirt and pushing him into the nearest wall with enough force to push the air out of him. The picture frame to the left of his head jolts dangerously on its nail. But all of Dean’s patience, all of his pretense of being the better one here, is gone. His father crossed a line he shouldn’t have. He snarls, “Don’t you ever fucking call him that again.”
Cas [10:09 PM]: I know it’s not quite your preferred reading but I’m certain you’ll at least enjoy the acknowledgments.
. Charlie’s living room is the safest space they’ve had since their last morning in Boston. “It’s kinda embarrassing.” “I think it’s nice that you’re this comfortable around them.” Cas shrugs his shoulders but there’s still a smile while he draws his fingers along the lines of Dean’s face, starting on the edges and then following his cheekbones inwards. “And I think they appreciate knowing that. Charlie certainly looked very happy about it.”
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas says but despite his words steps further into the room. He’s holding something. “You left your phone on the coffee table. I wasn’t sure if you needed it.”
Bobby doesn't respond and Dean's pretty sure he's off the hook. For now at least. He's got to be a little more careful. But it's not really his fault, is it now? Cas loves him. He's already smiling again.
“No one expects you to be heartbroken forever. It’s a normal thing for you to fall for someone else at some point. Really, we won’t-”
“Are you crying?” Charlie’s voice startles him and he knocks his elbow into the backrest in his haste to straighten up. Pain zaps through his arm.
and Dean’s heart skitters with the thought of him but not Cas reading his words — and his fingers are shaking when he reaches inside, pulls out the actual letter.
He’s not sure how but he makes it back to the Impala — that he even remembers where he parked her is a miracle — slides behind the wheel, and just breathes in the familiar smell of her. He slumps down in the seat, head resting against the steering wheel and tries to force his body to calm down. But his heart keeps hammering in his chest and his breath hitches every so often. He’s not crying. He’s just back where he was when he arrived here earlier today — and god that feels like it was days ago and not mere hours — on the verge of being overcome by panic and fuck he can’t drive like this. He’s not sure he wants to leave but he’s certain he doesn’t want to stay here.
“He’s in surgery,” Sam says after a moment, eyes focused on where Dean’s unwrapping the chocolate in his hands. “Might take a while.”
And when they get up and make their way back to Charlie’s car — Cas apparently walked here which is just stupid — Cas doesn’t pull away when Dean takes his hand. Instead, he squeezes back, bumps their shoulders together. It’s warm and comfortable.
Despite the tears, Dean huffs a laugh. Cas shifts a little underneath him, hold on him tightening. It's a memory that even five years later is bright and clear in his head — Cas staring at him wide-eyed from the other side of the couch while he was yelling at his brother through the phone, half-naked and still half-hard because it was the middle of the night and Sam had the worst timing. “How could I forget?”
Still, he deserves to know, deserves to know that Dean’s feelings for him are a constant and not something he has to worry about with everything else going on. Even when he isn’t there to tell him —
“Cas, you-” Dean breaks off. He feels like he’s living a fever dream and he’s going to wake up any second but Cas's hand closes around the chain of Dean’s swing and then he’s pulling on it. Dean feels his swing move and doesn’t even try to stop it, simply lets Cas drag him close until the seats are bumping together and they’re suddenly right next to each other, and can touch each other so easily. Dean still reaches for the chain of Cas's swing instead of him, clutches it as tight as he can, to take some of the strain from him. Cas stares at him, unblinking again but for once Dean’s right there with him. If he doesn’t blink, this won’t turn out to not be real. “You’re staying.”
Dean tried to hide the pain that ripped through him. He only half hoped it worked. Sam and Bobby had always been able to see past his bullshit.
But the words were out of his mouth before he could even think about them. “Your trench coat is in Baby’s trunk, Cas. Whenever you’re ready for it.”
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean said roughly. “Would a half an hour give you enough time to primp and preen, princess?”
Dean’s eyes scanned the walls of the cabin. Nothing had changed since he and Sam had left a few days ago. So why did everything feel different?
that was bubbling up and out of his heart made it across his lips, Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas. The angel’s shoulders dropped as he relaxed. “It’s perfect,” Dean told him.
“Really?” Dean asked. He couldn’t even hide the mixture of hope and fear in his voice. “Could it take all of it?”
Cas and Elle were sitting by the fire, their heads in their hands. If their faces were anything to judge by, they were both basically suffering from
Charlie laughed, light and free and easy. “I believe you’re right.” She waved at a log lying on the ground. It seemed to be relatively stable. “You okay with sitting for a minute?”
But the past few weeks had kicked his defenses, every instinct and desire he’d been hiding from himself, down to the point where they crumbled into ash. Dean remembered all of the men over the years who he’d been, if he was being completely honest, slightly obsessed with. The actors he’d followed, the ones whose lines he’d memorized. The way he’d admired everything about their bodies and tried to imitate them.
Sam’s shit-eating grin grew. “Just saying. And just gonna add--in case you forgot--” His grin faded into something more sincere. “You’re my brother. I’ve got your back. No matter what.”
“You knew it was a mistake, though,” Dean said in a tight voice. Anger was rising to the top of the swirling storm inside of him. “I told you it was a mistake. We told you it was a mistake. And you went and busted open the damn door to purgatory anyway.”
There was a book on the coffee table. With a closer look, Dean realized it was a photo album. And with a lurch in his stomach, he realized it was his family.
Charlie looked up. “Uh, nope. Sorry guys. I’m being summoned.” She gave them a wave that was almost a salute. “I’ll be back soon. Probably.” And with a rush of wings, she was gone.
“Dean.” Cas brushed his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand. “We don’t have to tell them today if you want more time. I know this is a lot.”
Sam snorted. “Like try to call Charlie immediately. He’s gotta have a Ouiji board or something somewhere.”
Dean actually took a beat to feel his feet in his boots and his boots on the ground, the rough wood of the axe in his hands. He actually let himself feel what his body was screaming. “Jesus. I’m
Cas stared at the forest floor. How could he even begin to explain this? Was Charlie the right person to tell? “You understand the difference between being an angel and a human. Yes?”
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Sam said. The line moved forward, and they stepped inside. A woman closed the door behind them. She announced to the group, “Welcome, everyone. I’m Charity, Emmanuel’s wife.”
“Okay. But make sure these idjits keep their phones on. And charged. And if I’m not back in a couple of days, come and get us.” Bobby disappeared up the stairs.
“Dude, none of us should have Find Your Phone or Friends or whatever turned on. If the wrong people could track us--”
“I don’t think you would’ve driven away and almost yelled into the void if everything was fine,” Charlie said.
Sam nodded slowly. Nothing else needed to be said. Their dad had been the most heteronormative son of a bitch they’d ever met. He’d always encouraged Dean to be a man--his version of a man. No way in
Dean knew, logically, that his leg was healed. The lingering pain was gone. But the rest of him was a
that sound. He swallowed. “I, uh, broke my leg a while ago. Had to take the cast off early. Don’t think it healed right.”
“A ball,” Sam repeated. He looked absolutely terrified. “With dancing. And fancy forks.” He swallowed. “I have to wear a tux.”
The hours got longer, the night darker. Sam and Dean took turns sleeping--well, Sam slept. Maybe. Dean dozed fitfully, memories and nightmares taking turns playing like a movie in his head.
Cas looked back at Dean, and the stabbing pain came back. The shattered pieces of joy and relief inside of him twisted. Cas held out his hand.
Dean had a hard time falling asleep that night. Cas was back. He should be happy about that, right? Or should he be mad? Cas had royally fucked up.
Dean closed his eyes and actually named the waves in the swirling storm of feelings boiling in his chest. If it wasn’t Cas, he’d be pissed and devastated. Pissed that he’d gotten his hopes up for nothing, and devastated that Cas was really gone. If it
And goddammit, Dean gave in. He trusted Cas. Even with everything they’d been through, even with the lies, he trusted him. So he slowly nodded. “Okay.” Their eyes caught, and Dean’s heart jumped into his throat. This was a moment. He could feel it, could feel the tenderness and tension and pull. The desire to kiss Cas came out of nowhere and exploded inside of him. And Cas’ expression was so open, so soft. If Dean just moved his head a little to the right, if he just leaned a little bit forward--
Charlie nodded. “Okay then. To recap the past week or so: you thought he was dead. But in the past 24 hours, you thought he was alive, but realized he’d forgotten you. Then he remembered you, asked you to forgive him, healed Sam, and lost his marbles.” She raised her eyebrows at Dean, her eyes going comically wide. “Holy shit.”
Cas felt an odd sort of churning sensation in his stomach. “I have to make amends. I have to apologize and fix the mess I made.”
And then Dean slowed his breathing. Pulled himself back together. Forced the tears to stop. These weren’t tears that would eventually run out. No. He had an endless reserve of this particular pain. Better to stop it than lose himself to it completely.
Dean nodded. “Yeah.” This was comfortable. Listening to Sammy vent and talk about feelings was normal.
Sam snorted but gave his brother a little half smile. “Yeah, okay.” He left, and Dean and Cas were alone.
Emmanuel nodded. “Likewise.” He stepped back and looked at both of them. “How can I help you, friends? Are you looking for healing?” Cas asked, that warm and empty smile still on his face. His eyes drifted from Sam’s to Dean’s, showing absolutely no recognition.
Bobby came back with the promised grub. He put bread in the toaster. “Get a chance to look over that article?”
Cas didn’t react. Sam put down his book and joined Dean in the kitchen. “I’ve gotta go to the library,” he said, loudly enough for Cas to hear. “I don’t think Bobby has the books Elle needs.”
Cas nodded. “Right. She found me, got me clothes, told her church about me when we realized I could heal people.”
“You’re the power source we keep hearing about? The being that’s kept this place safe for ages?” Dean asked, more than a little surprised. This tiny thing?
“Easy.” They heard the distinctive crack of popping knuckles. “I’ll bring them to you.” Her voice pitched up in a question. “Where are you, anyhow?”
Dean got into the driver’s seat. Maybe driving would clear his head--or at least make his emotions chill out for a bit.
weaker. I’m not the angel who fought by your side before. I’m not human, but I’m...not a normal angel, either. I’m something in between. Something broken.” Cas’ eyebrows pulled together as his shoulders fell. Dean’s heart cracked. “I’m sorry. I’d fix it if I--”
Sam saw Lucifer waving in the rearview mirror. He’d made himself comfortable in the backseat of the truck. Sam pointedly ignored him. “I know. But he also tried to save us.”
Dean tried valiantly to hold back the hope and butterflies that rushed through his system. “Okay.” He checked his watch. “We should get back. We need to head to Colorado soon.”
Maybe Dean had lost his marbles this time, but that was somehow one of the most romantic things he’d ever heard. Cas understood him. He knew what Sam meant to Dean. “Yeah. It was. And making a deal with Elle was worth it, too.” Cas tilted his head, confused and questioning. “To get you back,” Dean finished.
“That’s different from losing somebody,” Sam said. “And then we lost Charlie, and you were always closer with her than I was. And you haven’t been able to drive Baby around.”
Not all of the feelings were painful, he remembered. When Dean hugged him, it felt like the world shrank to the two of them and nothing else mattered. Dean’s boyish grin made Cas feel lighter than he had in centuries. Dean’s voice shook him to his core. He could listen to Dean say his name for the rest of time.
Cas pulled away from Sam and looked at Dean. “Would you give me a moment with Charity?” he asked. “I...need to explain what I can.”
“Easy as pie, then,” Dean said, turning away from Cas and the moment he had no friggin’ clue how to handle. “How was Jody?”
“No. And it ain’t your business, anyway,” Bobby said, waving the spatula at Dean and Sam. Dean threw up his hands and plastered a shit-eating grin on his face. Sam shook his head and poured himself a cup of coffee. “What’ve we got?”
Okay. He took a deep breath and drank some water to stem down the wave of panic that was threatening to rise. He liked men and women. But did he want to have sex with men?
He didn’t mean to emphasize the angel’s name, didn’t mean to put any emotion into that sentence. But some slipped out anyway. He figured that emotion had something to do with the way Sam and Bobby’s eyebrows looked like they were trying to join forces with their hairlines.
Dean stared at his brother, trying to find any hint that he might be lying. Nothing. “Fine. But if you can’t--”
“We’ll stay put,” Sam assured her. She pulled Cas outside. Dean had clearly lost all self control and any semblance of sanity, because he gave Cas one last, longing look as he and Charlie left.
Dean took a breath to tune in. He blinked several times in surprise. “Shit. Not really. It’s...better.”
“They were fine without you,” Bobby said in a tone that matched Charlie’s. “Where the hell are we going?”
Sam nodded and pushed the laptop towards Dean. “You read up on this. Cas, you look through those emails. I’ll...call Elle.”
“They’re family,” Dean finished. When Cas still looked lost and afraid, Dean took a step closer and continued. “That’s what you are, man. You’re family.”
“I’m packed. Just let me get my stuff,” Dean grumbled, heading up the stairs. Shit. He didn’t know what kind of dream Bobby thought he’d had, but he didn’t have it in him to care. Finally--
“If it stops being manageable, you tell me. Got it?” When Sam didn’t respond, Dean stared right at him. “Got it?”
She nodded. “I’ll have to charge it first and put a couple binding spells on it after, but yes. It can handle it.”
talking about Cas. He didn’t bother turning around to see the judgmental face he knew Sam was making. Sammy didn’t need beer to cope. Maybe it wasn’t healthy. It definitely wasn’t healthy. But Dean was more than overwhelmed.
He nodded. “Yeah, I can wait. Tomorrow’s fine.” He picked up his chili and grabbed Charlie’s laptop. “I’m gonna see what else I can find on here.”
“Because it’s my fault, Dean,” Sam said. “Cas has been missing and crazy and it’s my damn fault. If I’d just been able to handle the crazy--if we’d known that I could
. Your own damn feelings for the past few fucking years.” She raised her eyebrows. “Are you really gonna pretend you don’t want to date him?”
“Cas,” Sam said, smiling and taking one long stride to hug him. Dean was frozen in place. What the hell just happened?? Cas had healed Dean and, somehow, doing that brought his memory back? How? Why?
Still nothing. Sam exhaled heavily. Talking to Dean about feelings was usually as productive as talking to a stone, but he had to try. He didn’t know how Dean was feeling, but murderous was definitely a possibility. “I hope it’s Cas.”
“So I’m dead?” Dean asked in the same small voice. There was a knot in his throat. He tried to clear it. No such luck.
He started planning out the lecture he’d give the stupid angel when he finally saw him. Thinking about that was a hell of a lot easier than trying to understand the stupid churning feeling in his stomach. No, churning was the wrong word. It was lighter. Halfway through his shower, he figured it out.
“Still an angel, dumbass.” Gabe said. He locked Dean into a stare that reminded him just how powerful the little twerp was. “Listen to me, for once. Cas is an angel, but being with him? That’s the one part of this you can actually change in real life.”
in bees. Dean’s furiously hammering heart skipped a beat. He could see more of Cas now, parts that were usually hidden by several layers of clothes. And the angel looked
It was a friendly, courteous handshake. But that was all. Cas let go, and Dean suddenly felt cold. He clenched his jaw.
For the first time in a very, very long time, Dean let himself be really, truly held. His arms slowly wrapped around Cas, pulling the angel close.
Dean shrugged. “I’ve been doing that.” Sam rolled his eyes, and Dean continued. “I’ll see if I can interview somebody around here. I’ve got a feeling several folks died after selling their stores and homes.”
“I think you’d lie to yourself.” When Dean crossed his arms, Bobby sighed. “Fine. I’m pissed. I’m pissed at those Leviathans for taking her and for being so damn hard to kill.” He raised his eyebrows at Dean, and Dean heard the message loud and clear.
“I can’t completely eliminate what Sam is suffering from,” Cas continued. “But I might be able to transfer it.” He met Dean’s eyes, and Dean felt a chill crawl down his spine. Cas looked like a soldier going into battle. “I’m sorry. For everything. I hope you can forgive me one day.” He looked at Bobby, then Sam, and finally Dean. There was something in those blue eyes--something important, something behind the resignation and determination. Suddenly the storm of feelings that had been swirling inside of Dean got stuck in his throat. He needed to say something. He needed to tell Cas--
. He’d just never had much practice saying it. Or hearing it, for that matter. Dean was better with actions, with showing how he felt. Saving people. Patching up Sam’s hand. Keeping Cas’ trenchcoat in Baby’s trunk.
“No shoes. Or tie, or button-down shirt, or dress pants, if you don’t want ‘em,” Dean grumbled. He was already fading off into sleep. “Beds are comfy. You should be comfy.” He let his eyes drift closed.
“And he apologized. And he only broke into purgatory to save us from living through the apocalypse again.”
Dean tried to convince himself that his heart’s new frantic pace was just because Bobby made the coffee too strong. Or maybe he drank it too fast. It definitely had nothing to do with Cas, who was right behind him. Dean could practically feel the power radiating off of the guy. Jesus, had that always been there? Was it something else?
“Yeah. When we were hunting those werewolves,” Sam explained. His voice trailed off, and Dean knew he was trying to think of an out. “The night we met Elle. Speaking of, I should probably, uh, call her. Check in. See if she’s found anything.” He pulled out his phone and slowly walked outside, closing the door softly behind him.
“Give me five minutes with the clippers and your friggin’ hair would stop falling in your face,” Dean muttered under his breath.
Cas took a breath, closed his eyes, and turned his attention inward. Feelings and memories of feelings rose to the surface of his mind, as if they’d been simmering under the surface just waiting to be uncovered. The twitch in his stomach, the tension in his chest. The way his body felt like it was buzzing, vibrating to some unknown frequency. Feelings he didn’t fully understand but had come to associate with Dean. Whatever they were, those feelings...they’d been with him since he first pulled Dean from hell. And they were growing stronger every day.
When the words started swimming in front of his eyes, Dean stood and stretched. “I think we can call it a night, Cas. We’ve been at this long enough.” He picked up his whiskey glass and walked into the kitchen.
Cas shook his head in wonder even as a massive smile spread across his face. Dean’s heart did a backflip. “How?”
Sam sighed. “Fine.” He stood and started changing back into flannel and jeans. “You know, I think I’d feel better if you told me whatever it is you and Charlie have been talking about.”
Recognition sparked in Cas’ eyes. “Is that what caused your leg injury?” Dean grabbed the whiskey and opened it with a questioning look. “The one that I healed. When my memory came back.”
Dean’s heart caught in his chest. “How? Why?” Confusion flickered across Cas’ face, and Dean started rambling. “You’re an angel, man. We’re just people. We’re just two blundering dumbasses that tend to get lucky.”
“I’m nervous,” Sam said. “And worried. What’s Elle’s price gonna be? Can she even fix Cas? Is he too far gone?”
Dean frowned. “That sounds awfully involved for someone who seems to usually stick to her part of the woods.”
Sam shrugged. “Dunno. Trust, me, man, if there were a way out of this, I’d take it. But Elle thinks she can get this alpha’s blood without risking any lives. Which is worth it to me.” He made a face again. “Where the hell am I gonna find a tux?”
? Of course, he’d never learn that if he just stood outside the cabin for eternity. It was a rather appealing idea, but it wouldn’t solve anything. So Cas straightened his shoulders and walked inside.
Cas pulled away just enough to look into Dean’s beautiful green eyes. “I...I thought you’d be mad at me.”
“Not like this,” Cas said. His eyes showed a whirlwind of emotions--pain, guilt, regret, fear. “I thought I could handle it--the power, the souls. I thought I could fix things. Instead, I killed half of my own race and unleashed a new, horrible, terrible power on the world.” He shook his head. “You and Sam have enough to deal with already. I just made everything worse.” He met Dean’s eyes, and Dean was shocked at the pleading look in them. Cas was usually so calm, so stoic. Not this time. “How can you possibly forgive me?”
Charlie’s eyes went wide, and she took a staggering step back. “You.” Bobby and Sam instinctively stepped in front of her. “No, guys, calm down!” she said. “Elle’s the one who helped the angels turn me into a Cupid.”
Without thinking about it, Dean took a deep breath through his nose. Goddammit, he always felt better after that. Charlie knew him almost as well as Sam. The only one who’d ever understood him better was…
Charlie’s eyes went sad. “Cupids start things, Sam,” she told him. “We get the ball rolling. This ball,” she waved at Dean and Cas, “is rolling, and there are so many queer babes who are stuck.”
Charlie spun around and positively beamed at him. “Someone had to take care of the queer relationships. You know--men and men, women and women, enby people with whoever--anything that isn’t a cis hetero man with a cis hetero woman.” Her eyes sparkled. “The other Cupids have no clue what they’re doing.”
“Shut up,” Sam said reflexively, but there was no real heat behind it. “She’s powerful. She’s seen a lot of fights and helped out in the background, apparently. She already knew who Dean and me were.”
“Right here, dude,” Charlie said. She handed him a cup. Cas took and squeezed Dean’s hand before taking the coffee.
Holy shit. Holy friggin’ shit. He’d kissed Cas. Cas had kissed him. Cas was in his bedroom. Dean’s inner monologue ran out of words and started expressing itself in fireworks and exclamation points. How was this real? How was he this happy? And this happy about kissing a guy? About kissing Cas, specifically?
“Well, fine, yeah. But not a hundred percent,” Dean said. “Figured it’d be better to give Cas a practice run than send him right into the big leagues.”
“Right before she left, she said, ‘And that’s my cue,’” Sam said quietly. His eyebrows were pulled together in worry. “I think we should leave her alone for now. She knows how to contact us if she needs to.” He opened her laptop. “There’s plenty to go through here.”
Dean focused on the angel, whose head was lying against the window. “You just rest, okay? Here.” He balled up his jacket and handed it to Cas. “For a pillow,” he explained when his gesture was met with confusion.
Dean froze. Sam clearly regretted the words as soon as he said them. “I mean, before Charlie. Losing Cas hit you harder than it hit me.”
The words were so simple but felt so abrupt, so piercing. Dean laughed without humor and let Cas go, taking a few steps back. He was suddenly incapable of meeting the angel’s intense blue stare or handling the heat between them. “I’m the wrong guy to ask, man. Sam’s better at that than me.”
Sam’s lips quirked up at one corner. “Jerk.” He let Dean control the music, let the familiar chords of Led Zeppelin fill the car.
Dean swallowed the wave of disappointment. “S’okay.” Sam walked out of the bathroom. “We’ll come back first thing in the morning.”
“The Winchesters?” Sam asked easily. “Yeah, we get that a lot. Don’t worry--we’re harmless.” He gave her his most winning smile, and she relaxed and walked away.
She grinned. “Not even a little. So, no. I don’t think they’ll think there’s something wrong with you. Hell--I don’t even think they’ll be surprised.”
Dean laughed--his first real laugh in...god, he didn’t even know how long. It felt good. “That’s my girl.”
“We can,” Dean agreed. The logical part of his brain told him to stop there. But something about kissing Cas made his brain-to-mouth filter completely shut down. “But...why? Do you not want to have sex with me?”
The mood in the car dropped instantly. Sam shot a worried look at Dean, who couldn’t take his eyes off of the road. Anger flared again, and he had to clench his jaw to keep more vitriolic words from spilling out.
“I have ‘Baby Shark’ queued up to run for the rest of time if I don’t turn it off in the next few minutes.”
After her parents went to bed, she pulled out her laptop. “Damn, this thing is ancient,” she muttered. “Gotta fix you up. What’s the…” She paused. “Wifi. Where’s the wifi?”
Dean shrugged. The eye contact was too much again. “I’ll work on changing it, I guess. But it doesn’t really matter.”
“Did I think the angel who probably doesn’t give a rat’s ass about sexuality, who’s commanded friggin’
“Who the hell do you think I am?” Bobby asked. But a small smile was curling the edges of his lips. He showed Sam and Dean an entire key lime pie.
“I think we know their endgame already,” Sam said. When Bobby frowned at him, he said, “World domination. Somehow keeping us docile enough to be easy prey.”
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath in and out, his shoulders dropping under Cas’ hands. Cas took the brief opportunity to look at Dean--
Cas took a deep breath that was oddly shaky. Okay. He was in love with Dean. In a way, putting words to the mess of feelings inside of him was a relief. One mystery solved. He opened his eyes slowly. “This is a problem, isn’t it?”
Dean’s jaw dropped. His whole body felt strange--like someone had dumped a bucket of warm water on him. Not unpleasant, but still jarring. Not knowing what else to do, he held out his hand. Cas gently wrapped Dean’s fingers around it and squeezed lightly before letting go. “It’s ideal for tea or whiskey even, but it should be good on toast, too. I’ve heard humans enjoy a salty-sweet combination. Maybe you can put it on toast and add some bacon.”
Her eyes sparkled. “Didn’t have to. Caught up with Gabe a while back.” She shook her head. “He really did not need to kill you that many times, Dean. But he can be a little...extra. And may all the gods help you if you try to change his mind.”
. Dean had been all over the country and seen a lot of beautiful women, but in that moment he would’ve sworn on anything that Cas’ eyes were the prettiest thing he’d ever seen. “I’m afraid not,” Cas said. “They were quite guarded. I only heard them trying to control me. Calling my name. Trying to catch me off guard so they could take over.” Cas’ blue eyes became distant, tinged with pain. “Until they did take over.”
“This is the first time anyone’s been killed there for decades,” Bobby interjected. “And people live longer. The hospital hasn’t been overwhelmed or overrun for decades.”
And standing there, talking about favors with that smile, Dean knew what was so damn familiar about her. She reminded him of the fairies that had captured him years ago. But that didn’t make any sense. She was as tall as most human women. And yet...there was undoubtedly something fairy-like about her. It was in her smile, her eyes, her cheekbones. He wanted to ask her about the fairies, but before he could speak, Bobby jumped in.
Dean’s head whipped around to...Cas. Cas, with his memory back. Cas, whose eyes were significantly harder to read than when he’d been crazy. But Dean knew him well--knew him well enough to see the traces of hesitation, worry, and fear in them. Before Cas could put any of that into words, Dean took the few remaining steps between them and hugged Cas--probably more fiercely than was really necessary.
They hadn’t been able to bury Cas, and he hadn’t been able to let go of the angel’s stupid trenchcoat. And he’d spent the past few weeks pissed--too pissed to do anything other than drink. But now…
“I know,” Charlie said gently. “But if you don’t deal with them in a safe and healthy way, some monster’s gonna figure out which buttons to press, and you’ll make a stupid mistake that’ll cost you big time.” She squeezed his arm reassuringly, and he opened his eyes. “Ready to talk?”
It was too much. The events of the past several days, the vision, Gabe’s command, the glimpse of a happiness he could never fully have. The hint of one that he
“And then what?” Bobby asked. “Even if he hears us and gets here, then we’ve gotta deal with an angel with a busted piñata. He’s a loose cannon.”
Anger flared in Dean--again. He opened his mouth to say something, but Sam jumped in first. “She was adopted.”
Elle held Sam’s gaze, as if trying to read him. “Something like that.” She turned her attention back to Cas. “And how long has Cas been carrying this?”
Bobby shrugged. “How’d you like to work a normal case? Once we handle the goons running around wearing you and your brother.”
“Apparently, there’s been some sort of benevolent and powerful force or being there for centuries,” Sam said. “The land recovers more quickly from a drought or a fire than other places. And the forest is old. Really old. People think there’s someone or something there protecting the trees.”
“Okay. Okay, you’re in heaven.” Peace and joy rushed through her, tinged with guilt. The boys. Her boys. She’d been helping Sam and Dean. They needed her help. She wasn’t done.
He knew Charlie wouldn’t want him to drink. He knew she’d want him to deal with his feelings. But Sam kept poking and prodding at shit about Cas, and he was reaching his breaking point. Thinking about that meant opening the Pandora’s box of feelings he’d been avoiding since glancing at them at the axe-throwing range. The feelings that scared the absolute shit out of him.
“Even when they’re in their late 20’s or early 30’s?” Dean asked. His voice was getting smaller, more timid. He hated it, but he knew Charlie wouldn’t judge him for it. He threw his axe.
Dean was stunned by the intensity of the moment and the resulting electric tension between them with no Sam or Bobby to act as a buffer. He cleared his throat instinctively and dried his hands, nodding and starting to walk towards the stairs. His emotions were tumbling around, nerves making him question everything. His instinct, in this moment at least, was to run away.
“No,” Sam said. Guilt spread across his face. “Afraid I couldn’t stay awake much longer. I was gonna give it another crack today.”
After a moment of hesitation, Cas nodded. He glanced down at Dean. Worry and shyness and a little bit of fear were written across his face. “Yes. Was it all...okay? Is that okay?”
, he told it. There was no reason to try to impress anyone. No reason to wear one of his nicer flannel shirts. It was just Sam.
Dean must’ve missed the sounds of Sam’s ginormous steps on the stairs. His heart kicked into overdrive. Sam’s eyes skimmed over Dean’s clothes, then Cas’ (or, rather, lack of clothes) before darting to the messy bed. His face was quickly getting as red as Dean’s felt.
After the pyre had reduced to ashes, the boys went inside. Bobby, who had spent the whole damn time drinking in surly silence, went straight for the liquor cabinet. “You boys met her in high school, right?”
“Be careful,” Bobby said. “Remember--you’re supposed to be dead. Try not to stop or talk to anyone if you don’t have to.”
“Gabriel,” she said. “We’ve known each other a long time.” The air shimmered around them before they walked into a clearing with a modest-looking wooden cabin. “Come on in,” she said. When they hesitated, she added, “If I wanted to kill you, I would have already.”
“I’m not going to poison you, Sam. I promise. I’m here to help,” Elle said. “What kind of tea would you like?”
Cas shook his head, sighing. “I don’t know. I remember going into the reservoir, then waking up by a river.”
Hope peeked through the heartbreak like a plant desperately trying to break through soil. Yes, Dean desperately wanted Cas back. But could he afford to hope for that?
Dean snorted. “You’re a what? Thought those were only naked dudes.” He frowned. “And how the hell can a human become an angel, anyway?”
They reached Chicago in the very early morning. Dean had been calling Charlie once an hour, and she hadn’t picked up once. Sam had stopped creating excuses and naming random reasons for her silence and had instead tried tracking her phone.
“Ohhhkay,” Sam said. Dean could hear the questions layered in his tone. Fortunately, his little brother didn’t ask any of them. “Have fun!”
“I get it,” she told the angel. “Here.” She sat in an armchair by the fire and patted the seat of the chair next to her. “Will you come and sit with me?”
“What happened to him, exactly?” Elle curled up in a chair and sipped her hot toddy. The gold flecks in her eyes sparkled in the firelight.
“It’s a couple towns over. If I leave…” he checked his watch. “Now-ish, I’ll still be there with a few hours to spare. Could probably read in the morning, too.”
Cas nodded, letting her words sink in. “I touched Dean’s soul. I held it--held him--as we escaped from hell. I put his body back together.”
Cas’ eyes were still filled with questions, but now wonder joined them. “You really forgive me, don’t you?”
Dean’s eyes searched Bobby’s face for any sign of disingenuity. Could he really be serious? “Did you know?”
. He could drink to the bottom of a handle later, but first, they had to get the hell out of Chicago.
Dean threw up his hands, thrilled at how frustrated Sam was. The best part of teasing Sam was his reaction. The more sensitive he was, the more he liked the girl.
“My wife,” Cas explained. Dean felt a sharp stab of...something. Jealousy? No. Jealousy would be ridiculous. “At least, that’s what we told people. It was all for show, of course. A falsehood.” He turned to Jody. “I don’t know how I came back or who brought me back.”
“If I’m gonna talk, I’m gonna yell,” Dean admitted. “And if you don’t want me to yell, I’ll need whiskey.”
Sam let the idea hang in the air, let the tension it carried build for a beat before speaking. “Or maybe she had to go home to print the IDs.”
Charlie wrapped her arms around him, and he relaxed, hugging her back. “You’re welcome. Happy to do my job.”
“No,” Dean said. “She should focus on finding Cas.” He vaguely remembered a poster he’d seen earlier. “I’ve got an idea, though. It’s national bee day. Look for some place that’s big on bees.”
“Considering you boys drove for 23 hours straight, yeah, I’d call that early.” Bobby pointed to something in the newspaper. “Once the room stops spinning, read through this.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on there, kiddo.” The angel took the computer away and closed it. Charlie buried the white-hot anger that flared in her. “You’re done.”
answered every damn instinct he had. He sighed. “I will talk to you.” Sam scoffed. “Dammit, Sam, I mean it this time. I just...” Dean shook his head, staring up at the roof of the car. “I need some time. I wasn’t kidding about that quota. Just...let me clear my head first, okay? I need something normal, man. A case. Gas station coffee. Our cheap Fed suits. A long stretch of open road.” He looked over at Sam. “Just give me some time.”
“I’ll go...get dressed,” Cas said. “It seems that you need to talk. Without me.” He squeezed Dean’s hand before letting go.
“Because Dean’s decided they’re going on a date on Friday,” Sam grumbled. “And apparently now I have to go on a date with Elle.” He glared at the computer. “I blame Charlie.”
“Ok.” Bobby took a deep breath. “Ok, then. Don’t do anything dumb on the way, but don’t take your time.”
“She’s been a hunter, Dean. Ever since those damn zombies. I’m just showing her a few tricks of the trade.”
you pulled. But…” He couldn’t finish the sentence. How could he explain this? And who the fuck was he explaining it to, anyway? He snorted to himself, grabbed his toothbrush, and left for a moment. The candle kept its quiet, bright vigil--the one Dean himself was still too raw to keep or call his own.
Sam’s hazel eyes studied Dean carefully. “Does it have something to do with whatever you’re not telling me?”
God--just thinking the angel’s name sparked a bonfire of emotions Dean felt to his toes. Their friendship--relationship was probably a better word, truth be told--was like nothing Dean had ever felt. The way Cas had stuck around over the years certainly had had an impact on that intensity. Not everyone came back from the dead. Or came back to the Winchesters. To Dean, specifically.
He fell back onto the bed. “Love you too,” he said to the empty room, testing out and tasting the words. They were true, but they still felt weird.
“You’ll explode,” she said simply. “There’s too much power in this process for humans to be around without exploding. Or at least having your eyes burned out.” When Dean’s stubborn expresion stayed, she added, “It shouldn’t take more than an hour.”
Cas kissed him one, two, three times--just long enough for Dean’s head to spin again. “Perfect.” He stared into Dean’s eyes. “I’m not going anywhere. We can take our time.”
Dean had two books on either side of him and one in front of him. He was still stuck at the table of contents. “Not yet.”
Sam’s eyes grew distant as they drifted to the floor. “She’s in their headquarters, and we can’t even back her up. We’re not even there.”
His head snapped up at the pain in Cas’ voice, which was mirrored in the angel’s eyes. Cas could probably read the confusion in Dean’s face. He exhaled heavily and set his shoulders as if preparing for a fight.
Fortunately, for once in his friggin’ life, Sam listened to Dean. The rest of the drive was filled with classic rock and a few tidbits about the case.
“Shit, dude,” Sam said, stopping Dean again. “I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to make it worse, I swear.”
“The Orange One rolled back federal protections and regulations on a bunch of national parks. Including this one.” Sam shook his head. “Dick, Inc. will probably take advantage of it soon.”
Sam nodded. Dean had the distinct impression that Elle was trying to detect a lie and Sam was trying to flirt.
“I still have your stupid trenchcoat in the car,” he said, his voice significantly quieter. “So, you know, if you ever get up the guts to actually face me and Sam, come and get it. I know you doodled all over our ribs, but we’re with Bobby. You can find him, at least.” He started pacing again. “And figure out what the hell happened to Charlie, while you’re making amends or whatever. Would be great to know how she showed up randomly and disappeared.” He closed his eyes, refusing to say the words that were echoing in his heart.
The two hours inched by. Dean’s mind wandered between the news, Charlie, and the one person he thought of whenever life got too quiet:
Dean nodded. As they tried to sneak away, the woman called out to them. “Come on out, boys.” They froze.
Dean kissed him back, more intentionally this time. The question had been answered with a resounding
“Hey there, boys,” said a familiar female voice. Jody walked out and smiled at them, giving Sam and then Dean a hug. “Who’d you pick up?”
“What are these?” Cas asked, cutting off the argument before it got any worse. He had a feeling that it was only a surface fight--not the root cause of the tension in the room.
“It’s all good, Cas. Really.” She stretched her arms behind her. “I like what I’m doing now, anyway.”
“I am,” Dean said, letting Cas go. The angel’s face fell, and Dean’s heart ached. “But we can talk about that later.” His joy--his mind-blowing, earth-shattering joy that Cas was back was taking over. Refusing to let it show, he switched tracks. “What the hell happened to you, man? How are you alive?”
They ate in silence. Bobby and Cas both knew Dean needed at least one cup of coffee to wake up, and based on Sam’s face, he needed it, too. When Dean’s coffee was almost finished, Charlie’s laptop made a bright, happy
Gabriel shrugged. “Never tried making an angel out of a human soul.” His eyes sparkled. “I’m sure I can figure something out.”
, Cas,” said Charlie and Bobby in unison. Dean was chuckling. This was better--and infinitely worse--than the time Cas drank a liquor store. “Friggin’ bees,” he muttered. He and Sam pulled into the motel.
“I know, Cas, I know,” Sam said, waving the apology away. “And I get it. You were trying to save us, right? From Apocalypse: Take Two?”
Something clicked in Sam’s eyes--puzzle pieces falling into place. “So you’re the one he goes axe-throwing with?”
“That’s all of them,” Sam said as they finished their lap around the office complex. “No signs of violence or cops anywhere, either.” His phone rang.
“I know,” Sam said in a placating tone that somehow wasn’t condescending. He nodded a couple of times. “Okay. I’ll give you time.”
Sam snorted. Dean tried not to choke on his coffee. “Dreamy, huh?” he asked once he could breathe again.
Dean sipped his whiskey, relishing the burn. “Crowley, yeah. He hates these guys. Told the demons to stay out of our way so we can deal with them.”
Charlie quirked her lips. “Never been good at resting.” She leaned back in her chair. “Castiel. Heard of him?”
. They were back. Sam and Bobby were back. Dean was in bed with Cas. Fear and adrenaline coursed through him. How was he going to--
“Does it matter?” Dean demanded, no longer pacing and instead holding his arms out wide for emphasis. “If she can help, and if she helped Charlie, and if she closed some of the seals that kept the cage shut, does it matter?”
Cas. He’d never let himself feel just how badly he’d missed him. But with the angel sitting in front of him, it came into sharp relief.
“I’m not third-wheeling anymore. Not since you’ve finally gotten your head out of your ass,” Sam hissed.
Thank you so much for reading Cupid's Hack! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I loved writing it. Don't forget to hug that kudos button, and I'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments!
The older hunter’s eyes went from one eager face to the other. “None of your damn business. Elle have any news?”
“Baked apples with honey and whiskey?” Elle smiled. “Yeah. Sam said apple tea would be right up your alley.”
Cas just stared at him with his usual quiet intensity. He nodded. “See you soon, Dean. You can wait outside.”
Elle’s hands began to glow red. Her eyebrows squeezed together. Her hands grew brighter and brighter until she bowed her head. The glow faded until her hands were back to normal. She opened her eyes and exhaled heavily. “Holy hell in a handbasket.” Her eyes flicked up to Sam’s. “How long were you dealing with this? Before Cas took it?”
“Don’t,” Dean said, surprised at the word and the tension in his voice. He closed the distance separating them and felt that pull, that tug again. Could Cas feel it now, too? “You don’t have to apologize, okay?”
“They last. As long as no one destroys them, they can live for centuries. They’re sentries.” He looked up at them, at the way the canopy dappled the blue sky above them. “They watch and listen and prove that life and time goes on. Empires can rise and fall, but as long as no one interferes with the trees, they remain.”
“Penny for your thoughts?” Cas asked, letting Dean go. Mostly. He held onto Dean’s hand, slotting their fingers together.
“Did I know you get the hots for guys sometimes or Cas in particular?” When Dean didn’t answer, he sighed. “I had no clue until that dork with wings showed up.”
Gabe clapped Dean on the shoulder. “You’re gonna need it. You’re all gonna need it. Remember how Cas got his memory back by saving you?”
Dean jumped a little, even though he knew the greeting was coming. “Hey, Cas.” His voice was still thick with sleep. He tried very hard to focus on the coffee he was pouring and not the butterflies that were still dancing in his stomach, the part of his heart that was singing Cas’ name. When the hell had he turned into a girl on friggin’ prom night?
“I’m stronger than you think I am, Dean,” Cas said. His eyes snapped up. There was a rebellious glint in them. The intensity charged the space between them, filling it with crackling heat.
Wait. She was in heaven. She was in heaven!! Maybe she could find Cas, could get him back to the boys. Maybe?
“Will you come back?” Dean asked, not even bothering to hide the pleading tone in his voice. “Can Sammy see you? Bobby?”
Dean waved at the bed. “You can meditate while I sleep. We can both be in the bed. Or you can be on the bed. Or you can go downstairs.” He shrugged, pretending he didn’t care. “Whatever you want. I’ll just be a minute.”
Cas’ hands went back to Sam’s head, and Sam flinched. Dean watched in horror as red electricity appeared on Sam’s eyes and moved--moved from Sam’s eyes to his temples, to Cas’ hands, up Cas’ arms, and into the angel’s eyes. He released Sam and backed away.
“Okay.” She crossed her arms, but there was a slight smile on her face. “Talk me through it. What are you thinking? Feeling?”
So he thought. He remembered as much of human history as he could. And a new thought came to his mind.
“I held your soul when I carried you out of hell.” Cas walked into the kitchen. “I pieced your body together. To me, yes, you’re that easy to read.”
Being around Cas had been a hell of a lot easier before Charlie showed up. Dean had about a million questions that, if he was honest with himself, boiled down to two. What had Cas and Charlie talked about? Was there any chance--any at all--that Cas was romantically interested in him?
“Just about,” Sam said. He shrugged, his eyes a little wild. “Ever since she taught me how to build that stupid robot.” His expression told Dean to go with it.
Bobby paused, thinking. “Then I’d say she’s incredibly dangerous, whatever and whoever she is. So let’s stay on her good side.” The boys nodded. Dean resumed his pacing. Thinking about what Elle was or wasn’t only made him worry about Cas even more.
Dean’s stomach and jaw clenched. He shook his head. “Bobby’s gonna have plenty to say. Let’s just talk about it then.”
“Family,” Cas repeated, his eyes dropping. Dean was suddenly intensely, painfully aware of how close they were. There was barely any space between them at all. “What does that mean?” Cas asked quietly, his eyes popping back up and searching Dean’s.
Dean frowned at it. “Edgar. We think he’s one of the higher-ups.” He studied Cas. “I thought you knew who he was?”
Huh. He remembered what Dean’s hand felt like the night before. So many of his crazy memories were blurry. That one was oddly clear. Charlie let go, and they started walking back.
“So,” Bobby said, opening beers and passing them around. Jody handed out bowls of steaming hot chili, and they crowded around the small table. “Best start from the beginning, I guess.”
Gabriel studied her for a few more intense seconds. “If we send you down as a ghost, you’ll probably get lost in the void. Casting souls out of heaven gets messy unless they’re beelining for hell.” He walked to her childhood bookshelf, idly running his hands over the
“Yeah, we have,” Dean said gently. “We held hands last night.” He chuckled lightly at the memory. “I had to hold your hand to keep you from running off.”
Dean couldn’t meet Bobby’s eyes. “Come on, Bobby.” He exhaled slowly. “I know you’re cool with Charlie and everything, but I’m--”
“No, dingus. I’m trying to tell you the opposite.” She finally yanked an axe free. “You feel things super intensely. You can either let that hold you back or make you stronger.” She cocked an eyebrow at him. “What do you choose?”
And Dean gave in. He gave in to the pull, the magnetism, the tension between them. He gave in to what his heart was begging for. Before he could second-guess himself, before he lost his nerve, before the world tore them apart again, Dean tilted his head down and pressed his lips to Cas’. The touch was a whisper, a question.
The pain in Cas’ eyes faded, just a little. “Thank you, Dean. Hopefully my work here on earth will also benefit my siblings in heaven.” His eyes dropped to their hands. Dean had forgotten to move his. “We’ve done this before, haven’t we?” Cas asked.
Maybe it was the whiskey. Maybe it was the intensity of the past few weeks. Maybe it was from all the damn emotional labor he’d done way too quickly. But Dean couldn’t let go. He couldn’t let go of the angel he thought he’d lost in two ways before getting him back only to lose him again.
“I’m worried about Dean,” he admitted to the tiny candle flame. “I’m really worried about him. And that’s not on you. I hope you’re having fun adventuring with...I don’t know, Hermione and Wonder Woman or something.” He smiled at the idea. “Bet you’re running circles around them.” He took a deep breath, in and out. “And I know this isn’t fair, and I don’t have any right to ask this. So feel free to tell me to...back the hell off. But…” Sam shook his head and ran one hand down his face. “If you’ve got any kind of pull up there, any back doors or connections, any memos you could send to…” He laughed humorlessly. “I don’t even know who could or would help us at this point. Cas, maybe--if you could find him. If he’s even around.” Sam thought of his brother and how much he’d been drinking since Cas died. “Shit. Dean…” Sam chuckled again. “Well, you don’t need me to tell you how much Dean needs help. We’ll look into what you found tomorrow.” His vision was starting to spin, and he knew he was too drunk to try to hack Charlie’s computer that night. His lips curled into a half-smile. “Anyway. Thanks, kid. For everything.” He almost blew out the candle before adding, “And if you don’t mind, I think I’m gonna do this again. By all means, rest in peace. I just...it’s...good to have someone to talk to.” He paused, thinking about the lonely road set out for himself and his brother. Beating impossible odds was basically just another Tuesday (not
. Strong arms, broad shoulders, a fit chest...and topped with those bright blue eyes and dark brown hair sticking out every which way? Dean felt suddenly dizzy. His stomach felt strange--like someone had sucker-punched him. “Where are your clothes, man?”
.” His voice was dripping with venom by the “fine,” and a small part of him wanted to take it back. Cas didn’t need this, but Dean was beyond overwhelmed.
?” he wondered. His head snapped up, blue eyes locking with Dean’s. “How? What could she be tethered to?”
Sam handed him a stack of papers. “Since Dean decided to kill the planet and print everything out--”
to fine! Do you have any idea the kind of mess you left behind?” He turned on his heel and started pacing, ticking problems off on his fingers as he listed them. “Sam’s head is still broken. The Leviathans are nearly impossible to kill. Those sons of bitches copied
“Hey, Charlie,” he said, eyes already tearing up. “I, uh...I don’t know if you can hear me. And we never had the chance to explain this to you, but, uh...sometimes, after hunters--” He swallowed sharply at the lump in his throat. “Well, yeah. If we can’t give them a proper hunter’s funeral, we’ll light a candle. And I know me and Dean just gave you one, but…” The tears leaked out of his eyes. “I dunno. This felt right.” He stared at the flickering flame. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Charlie. It...it shouldn’t have been you.” He let the tears fall, let the silence wrap around him.
Cas didn’t speak. His eyes drifted down to Dean’s hand. He carefully, ever so slowly and gently, slotted his fingers through Dean’s. Dean’s breath caught in his throat, but he didn’t pull away.
His dad had always encouraged him to be a man, and to be a man meant being manly. Strong. Listening to classic rock. Getting with beautiful women. Saving people. Hunting things. Granted, he could do most of those things and still be bi.
Cas nodded, his head spinning with questions. But now was not the time. It was time to work. Dean was clearly overwhelmed, and their relationship felt so fragile. It always had, in a way--always unusually tense, always poised on the breaking point of...something. Some fundamental shift.
“Easy, tiger,” Gabriel said. “This is gonna take time. Practice.” He gestured grandly. “Finesse. We gotta train you first.”
Dean ran a hand down his face. “Yeah. I’ve noticed.” Cas had been different, more expressive. Genuinely apologetic. He’d always suspected the guy had more feelings than most angels, but now he could see it.
Less than a minute later (though it felt like an hour), Charlie stuck her head out the door and waved for them to come closer. Dean took off, Sam and Bobby right by him. Charlie was standing in front of the door, grinning.
Dean took a deep breath in and out. “Okay.” He nodded to himself before taking another axe. “Okay.” He weighed it in his hand, let Charlie throw hers first. “So how do I tell them? When do I tell them? Do I have to tell them?”
Dean was a little too busy trying to get his balance back, trying to bring the world beyond the angel into focus, to think of words. “Huh?”
Cas’ hand rose a few inches, then fell. “I...I just do. I know you’d never hurt me if you could help it. And neither would Elle.” Some of Dean’s hesitation must have stayed on his face, because Cas added, “Trust me,” in a low and earnest tone.
He finished getting ready for bed and slept fitfully, visions of Leviathans and Cas covered in bees flooding his dreams.
Gabe waved a finger. “No. No buts.” His look conveyed a power that made Dean want to run and hide, but he couldn’t look away. “I’ve been watching you idiots.
Dean had to fight to keep the confusion and frustration out of his voice. He gently crooked a knuckle under the angel’s chin, encouraging him to raise it. “Who?”
He felt some muffled vibrations against his chest but couldn’t decipher them. Reluctantly, he let her go.
Bobby chuckled darkly. “None that I know of.” His brow furrowed under his hat. “That sounds more like a fairy deal kind of arrangement.”
coined for the nerd in the trenchcoat, was an earthquake, a devastation in his mind. Blue eyes and wild hair. Scant inches of space between them. Intense, burning looks and glances and a voice like gravel.
Dean spun around to look at Cas, who had a beautifully soft look of wonder on his face. He looked at Dean, his eyes full of happy questions.
, said that little Charlie-like voice in his head. It sounded so much like her that Dean couldn’t help it. He spun around. “Charlie?” he asked quietly. Nothing. No chill, nothing moving, no breeze. Nothing.
Something twisted in Dean--some horrible, soul-wrenching nausea. He barely made it through a traffic light, and a couple cars honked at him for cutting it so close. His hands clenched around the steering wheel until his knuckles were white.
Charlie couldn’t hold back her anger anymore. “They saved the damn world, and you’re not willing to help them?”
Dean nodded, feeling a new sense of relief. They had a plan. But ugh. Feelings. He was sick of them. “Sammy, you almost ready to go?”
Guilt tore at Dean’s insides. He’d been so caught up in his own shit, he hadn’t even thought about Sam’s feelings. Sam wasn’t in love with Cas (at least, Dean really hoped not), but he did love the guy. “This isn’t on you,” he told his brother in what he hoped was a calming voice. “Cas broke the wall, so it was on Cas to fix it. You didn’t ask him to take on the crazy. None of us did. That was his choice.”
“Frank Devereaux. Batshit crazy and paranoid, but he’s good at this kinda stuff. And he owes me.” Bobby tossed Dean a set of keys. “Go. Don’t do or say anything stupid. If he says something crazy, best to just smile and nod.”
Charlie pursed her lips and squinted at him. “We’ll deal with that next time. You’re a smart cookie.” Her eyes sparkled. “See if you can figure it out.”
was the most disoriented he’d ever felt. Something about it made his heart break wide open. He wanted to cry.
Bobby shrugged. “I wanna keep an eye on them. If everything goes well, then great. If it goes south or sideways...at least we’ll be here to help.”
“We can do that,” Dean said. He felt suddenly protective. Cas and Sam were his people. He wanted to protect them.
Sam and Bobby exchanged a knowing look. Before either of them tried to talk about feelings again, Dean said, “Sammy, did you make any progress getting into her laptop?”
Sam had a good point. In the five minutes they’d known him, Frank had already threatened to shoot them and rambled about how the government had cloned them. He didn’t need to know exactly what the Leviathans were. He just needed to make sure the Leviathan couldn’t trace Sam and Dean anymore. And, with any luck, hack into Charlie’s laptop.
“Yeah.” Dean shook his head. “Dumb son of a bitch. Didn’t even take his stupid trench coat. Started rambling about cats’ dicks and bees.”
what was causing the chill up his spine. “Almost like these trees wouldn’t give a shit if the rest of the world burned?” Dean asked. Sam nodded. “Yeah. I feel it too.” Dean glanced up at the moon, hoping its light would be enough for a while. At least until they found the werewolves. “Let’s gank these guys and get out of here, yeah?”
Sam’s eyebrows went up as Dean’s heart started a friggin’ marching band parade in his chest. “That didn’t take long.”
Cas’ whole damn expression lifted. It was subtle changes--his shoulders dropping, the creases in his forehead disappearing, a light sparking in those stupidly blue eyes. Cas looked lighter. Hopeful, even. He nodded. “Thank you, Dean.”
“I think we have to hit the road,” Dean said, waving between him and Sam. “Got some vamps to kill and a legend to check out.”
Dean shook his head and closed his eyes, trying to focus. Trying to put words together that weren’t insanely sappy. He felt Cas squeeze his hand, and his eyes opened again. The world was still there, he realized. It had just changed shape. It was brighter this way. His eyes landed on Cas’, on the glimmers of hope and wonder in them. “I’m one lucky son of a bitch.”
She smiled and filled up the kettle, setting it on the stove. “I’ll be right back. Don’t touch anything. This stuff’s more dangerous than it looks.” She walked just out of their sight, and the boys heard a door close.
“We tried,” Dean said. “Turns out dropping a car on these sons of bitches doesn’t do the trick. Borax and beheading seems to be our best shot so far.”
Except he was talking to Sam, who didn’t know when to stop. “I’m just trying to help,” he said in a tone that was sincere enough that Dean couldn’t fight him.
She continued. “Emmanuel is beginning to get tired. He can help you folks, but you’re the last ones for today.” Her eyes grew wider when she saw Sam and Dean. “You boys look just like--”
His big brother was quiet and unusually pensive. “I know.” His face softened, as did his tone. “But he broke your head, Sam. He unleashed these crazy monsters that are damn near impossible to kill. He left a mess, apologized, and fucking died. But apparently he’s back?”
“‘The two men, who up until today were presumed dead, locked the doors and opened fire, leaving no survivors.’” A grainy security video of two Sam and Dean lookalikes were shown gunning down a room full of people. Dean clenched his fist as he watched the Leviathan version of him wink at the camera.
“No, Dean. Too many good people have died already.” Her voice softened. “Please. Please don’t do that to me.”
“Who told you that?” Dean said. “I mean, I get you knowing about the forces and all, but that’s pretty damn specific.”
“All yours!” Dean called down the stairs. He completely ignored his emotions and scrubbed the towel over his hair. “It’s just Cas, Winchester,” he told himself as he got dressed. “Just Cas. Might not even be Cas.”
This time, the whiskey (with the help of the beers) revealed. It cracked open. It shone in the dark places of Dean that he’d hidden from everyone, especially himself. It brought the part of him that had stared at Cas, covered in bees, into sharp relief. The part that woke up that day.
She gave him an impish half-smile. “I’m tougher than I look.” The kettle whistled, and she walked to the stove. Something was weirdly familiar about her, but Dean couldn’t place it. “I also dealt with your doppelgangers and the fairies.” She went to the cupboard and got some whiskey. “You’re welcome.”
Sam ran a hand down his face. “Dunno.” He shrugged. “Guess I just wish you’d talk to your own brother about whatever you’re going through. Not just Charlie with her angel mojo or whatever.”
“Small fish. That was yesterday. But today, I think I figured out who our newest big bad is.” Her voice got hushed, excited. “And I’m hacking into his database.”
Bone-tired. Soul-tired. He’d managed to stay numb the entire drive, but it hadn’t been easy. The grief, the anger, the way he missed her in his soul were starting to leak through. He barely made it out of the car.
“Your trench coat.” Three sets of eyes met Dean’s with confusion. Fighting back a blush, he said, “You talking about them taking over made me think of the reservoir, and…” His throat suddenly felt tight. He cleared it. “I’ve got your coat in Baby’s trunk. Come on.” He stood and walked to the door, Cas close behind.
“I promise it won’t be anything you’ll be opposed to. Or anything that would put you in danger we can’t handle.”
“Maybe.” Sam started turning red. “There’s an event that Elle has to go to. Says there’ll be someone with a direct connection to an alpha there. She thinks she can talk him into talking the alpha into giving us her blood.”
Dean ran one hand over his hair, licked his lips. This wasn’t a normal conversation. But he wanted to give Cas the truth, no matter the cost. “Not usually, and not well. Charlie being around has helped. She’s forced me to talk through some shit.”
“Can you hunt with a clear head if we don’t actually talk about this?” She pointed the axe at him for added emphasis. “And
“How long have you been here?” Dean demanded. Cas squeezed his hand, and he jumped again. It felt so good and strange and weird and
And Charlie was going to rub it all in his face any fucking minute. But he needed sleep. Jesus fucking Christ on a cracker did he need sleep. So he took his water, went back upstairs, closed the door to his room, and whispered, “Charlie?”
Dean could barely recognize himself. Was that really him? Smiling like that? He’d clearly just gotten a haircut and was overflowing with joy. Expressions shifted from gooey eyes, to beaming smiles, to his head thrown back in laughter, eyes crinkling at the corners. Dean Winchester.
“I’d tell you good luck,” Sam told her, “but you’re not gonna need it. If you can push these two together--”
Cas’ eyes were wild, searching Dean’s face. His jaw had dropped a little. Shock was written all over his face. The angel stood, chest rising and falling a little more quickly than usual. Dean knew that, somehow. Normally, he would hate that he knew. But here, now, his breath just caught.
“Well, I did want to say hi and tell you I’m okay. But that’s not the only reason why I’m here.” She wiggled her eyebrows.
Cas squeezed his hand, and Dean snapped out of it. Those gorgeous blue eyes were soft, warm, encouraging. Strong. Maybe Cas could be strong for both of them--at least until Dean got his coffee. They made their way down the stairs.
“By watching the stars?” Cas shrugged. “Occasionally.” He watched curiously as Dean got under the covers. “That’s comfortable for you?”
“There’s a ball Elle and I have to go to,” Sam told him. “Dean can explain the rest.” He grabbed his keys. “Be back soon.” He pointed at his brother. “Don’t do anything dumb.” He beamed at Cas. “I’m really happy for you guys. I mean it.” He left.
Sam mumbled a few more things to Frank. Dean saw Sam clap Frank’s shoulder from his peripheral vision before he joined Dean. “What’ve we got?”
“If there’s something really powerful here, shouldn’t it take care of this?” Sam asked, changing into his Fed suit.
Dean exhaled heavily. “I don’t want to talk about it.” When Bobby’s frown lingered, he added, “I’ve talked more since Charlie came back than I have…” He pursed his lips while he was thinking. “Probably ever. I’m
“Let him sleep.” Dean’s voice was flat, emotionless. He couldn’t feel--not yet. If he felt this--really felt it--he wouldn’t be able to drive, to move, to function.
Pushing aside his fear of this new version of Cas somehow reading too much, learning too much--learning things even Dean didn’t understand--Dean nodded. He trained his eyes on his leg, on Cas’ familiar hand hovering over it.
“Dean, it’s Charlie. She could hack her way into anything. You really think she wouldn’t hack herself into an office building?”
Dean focused back on the case. They spent the rest of the night researching. “I’m calling it a night,” Sam said around midnight. “Got a long drive tomorrow.”
“It’s time,” Elle said. Dean fought the instinct to jump back as the moment broke and the rest of the world came back into focus. She put one hand gently on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed. “He’ll be alright.”
Unfortunately, peace and quiet didn’t really go together anymore. His thoughts danced between Charlie, Cas, and Sam. If he was this torn up, Sam...Sam must be worse. Sam had barely been keeping it together even before Charlie. How the
Dean wasn’t ready to forgive Cas. Hell no. Not even close. But he could do this. He could do one little thing to mark the loss of someone who once meant something to him.
“How do you know?” When Charlie started in surprise, Cas said, “For all the time I’ve spent with Dean, I still don’t always know when he’s being truly sincere.”
Sam shrugged. “I’ll look.” A few tense, quiet minutes later, Sam snorted. “You’re not gonna believe this.”
“Sam, we’ve been over this already,” Dean said. Sam heard the warning in his tone but ignored it. This was going to be awkward. He and Dean would both hate it. But Sam wanted to be prepared if Dean decided to try to kill Cas.
Bobby was speechless. Elle turned her attention to Cas. “Hey there,” she said in a soothing voice. “I heard your head got a little banged up.”
“Also,” Gabe added, rolling his eyes, “Charlie hacked freaking angel radio. She played “Baby Shark” on repeat for a month before I listened. And then demanded that I get involved with you and Cas. Interrupted waaaaaaay too many sexy times.”
“IDs and credit cards,” Sam said. “They downloaded it from…” He glanced at Dean before adding, “Cas’ memories.”
They appeared just at the edge of the range, safely out of sight. “Any leads on Cas?” Dean asked, trying to hide how nervous he was.
“Looks like there’s been another death,” he told Sam as they walked into the room. “Same deal. Heart cut out.”
“I’ll catch you up,” Bobby told her. They stood, and Bobby gave Dean a warning look. Dean threw up his hands in surrender. What did Bobby want? For Dean to not be pissed the hell off at the guy who broke his brother? Who was the reason behind the mess of a world they were dealing with? “Play nice,” Bobby said.
“Maybe,” Bobby said. “But the world’s still spinning. None of the usual dickheads have gone away. And,” he shuffled some papers, “if a local legend is true, there’s something powerful in those woods that could help us help Cas.” He shrugged. “Figured you boys could kill two birds with one stone.”
Cas, Bobby, Dean, and Sam all turned to Elle, slack-jawed. She dropped her hands. “I said I wanted to help.” Her voice softened. “Do you believe me now?”
“That’s a very intimate connection.” Charlie pressed her hands into the log below her. “I’ve got a question for you. You don’t have to answer it out loud, but I think answering it will do you a lot of good.”
The Star Wars reference had been a joke between them for years. He’d thought enough about love for the night.
Shit. So much for not sappy. But Cas squeezed his hand again. He beamed at Dean, smiling so big that his nose scrunched up and his gums showed. Cas was practically glowing.
Dean finally brought his face out of his hands, letting Charlie look at him. He couldn’t say what he was feeling. Hell--he barely knew the words for what he was feeling. This wasn’t him. These nerves, this desire to check and fix his hair? The butterflies that were going ham in his stomach? This wasn’t Dean Winchester. This was chick flick bullshit.
Dean was almost feeling better. He’d forced himself to drive far enough away that Sam and Bobby couldn’t yell at him--or, if they did, he couldn’t hear them. Drive away from his healed brother and adoptive father. Drive away from the friggin’ Leviathans and the angel with the stupidly blue eyes. Drive far enough that the roaring scream building in his chest would fade away.
wasn’t worrisome at all. Dean sighed and nodded, ignoring the nerves that were rapidly spreading from his heart to his fingers and toes. “Yeah. We can talk tomorrow.”
“Or whoever.” Dean exhaled heavily. “I’m sorry, man. I’ve been running off with Charlie too much. Should’ve been there for you.”
She shot him that damn impish grin. “Gotta go! Talk soon!” And with a soft rush of wings, she was gone.
Dean grumbled but listened. Sam stood up straight, giving himself an extra inch or so of height that he used to look over the crowd. “See anything interesting?” Dean asked.
“Which means we need to find out where they’re perfecting the formula,” Dean said, his mind already working. “Any idea how to start on that?”
The blue eyes finally settled. “Hello, Sam.” He looked back at the older Winchester, still sitting on the couch, crippled by his own fear and nerves. “Hello, Dean.”
Cas opened his mouth to speak, but Sam spoke first. “Dean, it worked. It might’ve made a bigger mess than we had before, but
Dean hung up. The shower helped clear his head a little, but not quite enough. He was still worried about Cas. He was terrified to admit to anyone just how worried he was. And, yeah. He missed the stupid son of a bitch. He wouldn’t admit that to anyone, either, but he missed him. He missed that stupid voice and those stupid eyes and--
Dean knew the answer. He heard it in Cas’ completely wrecked tone. He knew it from the way Cas had just kissed him stupid. Again. “Yes?”
“Call when you find somewhere to stay tonight, all right?” Bobby asked. His voice got just a hair less gruff. “Don’t make me come after you.”
“They’re vital to so many ecosystems. So I’m going to study them.” Cas turned to Dean. “Of course, you can still call if you need me.” He smiled, waved, and disappeared.
“I spent millennia without clothes.” Cas frowned slightly. “I spent most of those millennia without a vessel, though.”
He sighed heavily. “Too bad, Winchester,” he grumbled to himself. “You’ve got work to do.” It took longer than usual to get out of bed and become coherent enough to go downstairs, but the smell of coffee definitely helped. He tried to walk down the stairs, but to call it a walk was generous. He felt like a zombie and had a hunch that he resembled one.
He sighed heavily before picking up his next axe. “Is bisexuality really a thing? Or is it just a phase people go through?”
The men nodded. “Sorry ‘bout that,” Bobby said gruffly. “Old habits die hard.” He and Sam stepped away from Charlie. “I’m--”
Bobby shook his head. “Nah. He’ll come back when he’s ready. Best to let him cool off first.” His eyes darkened, and his voice dropped. “The kid’s had a rough couple of days.”
“You know how some people are stars in shows, some are company members or side characters, and others are in the background? They have their part, but if they do it well, no one notices them?” Sam and Dean nodded. Elle smiled. “That’s my favorite role.”
“Were you at the axe-throwing range with somebody?” Sam asked. Dean turned around. “Or did you just throw shit by yourself?”
Everything fell into place almost instantly. She wasn’t in the early 2000s. Not really. Her parents were dead. She’d been hacking into the Richard Roman Enterprises database when…
“Okay...” Bobby said. He was too damn smart to not know where this was going, and his tone made that quite clear.
Dean chuckled lightly. Those weren’t the words he’d wanted, but they were easier to handle. “Usually? I beat the shit out of monsters and demons to keep a lid on it. And when that doesn’t work, whiskey usually does the trick.”
. Dean buried his head under the covers. He wanted to run away from this. He’d give fucking anything to run away from this.
Hope rose and bloomed hard and strong and fast. They moved forward again, just far enough that they could see the healer. Dean saw a man pressing his hand to an elderly woman’s forehead. A man with dark brown hair and shoulders broad and strong enough that his blue dress shirt was pulled taut between them. The man’s eyes opened. Crystal clear, fucking perfect blue eyes.
Cas nodded. “I’ll let you go.” He tilted his head. “If Sam and Bobby are both away…” He met Dean’s eyes with an almost challenging look that Dean could definitely get used to. “What should we do?”
Dean smiled, shaking his head at her. He loved Charlie. She could go from deadly serious and real to the impish troublemaker he’d known since high school. He needed this--needed her.
“There’s a lot to do, okay?” Dean said defensively. “There’s a lot to do, and we’re running out of time, and Bobby hasn’t reached out yet.”
“He’s not sure, exactly,” Bobby said. “A vitala, maybe. Bodies keep disappearing and not turning up, so it could be just about anything. Making too much press to be Leviathans, though.”
“I think your head’s still a little off, Sam,” Dean said. Three sets of eyes that clearly said “bullshit” stared at him. He sighed. They were gonna talk no matter what he did. “I’m gonna pack. Don’t stay up all night gossiping. I ain’t the only one driving tomorrow.”
“Following your cases,” Bobby said. “That’s gotta sting, but that’s the point.” He stared at Sam, then Dean. “You can’t go after them without new IDs.”
. Undressed, even, without the trench coat or suit jacket or tie. But the messy brown hair, the bluest of blue eyes, were the same. Dean’s heart jumped into overdrive. Confusion warred with joy, relief, surprise. And pain. No, not just pain--heartache. All of the questions he and Sam had kept asking rushed to the forefront of his mind. Why hadn’t Cas reached out? Why hadn’t he told them he was back?
On any other day, that would’ve been great news. But today...Dean just said, “Thanks, Bobby.” The words came out hollow.
“I put two and two together when the epic battle didn’t happen and the cage closed up again,” the witch continued. “The only ones who could have stopped that were the two of you--the ones meant to be the vessels of Michael and Lucifer.”
Dean woke up slowly, sensation returning to each of his limbs in bits and pieces. His legs were tangled up with someone else’s. His cheek was resting on a solid, firm chest.
“I’ll send a search party if you’re not here in an hour,” Elle told them. She waved towards the door. “Go on.”
“Just one thing,” he said, holding up a finger. Sam and Dean waited. Frank glared at each of them in turn. “Never--never--come and find me again. Clones, I can handle. Government conspiracies? Fine. But this...this
Charlie’s eyes went wide. “Oops. Nope. He’s doing just fine. Kinda mad at me. I hacked angel radio and played ‘Baby Shark’ on repeat until he showed up in my heaven. Threatened to keep doing it until he let me go back to earth somehow.”
“Dude. Charlie can’t get credit for everything,” Dean reminded him. “She’s queer couples only, remember?”
“I collected this honey for you,” Cas said. His easy smile got softer. If it were on anyone else’s face, Dean would have called it dreamy. “The bees found the most beautiful sunflowers, and when the sun hit their leaves just right, the color almost matched your eyes.” He held out a Ziploc bag full of honey.
“He’s being sincere this time. Trust me. Dean Winchester can fake a lot of things. But forgiveness?” She shook her head. “That is one thing he doesn’t dish out easily, and it’s one of the few things I’ve never heard him lie about.”
. Love is the most powerful magic, remember? The only place where the holy and the magical collide?”
Most importantly, he was in love with his best friend. Which was equal parts terrifying and freeing. His chest ached. He imagined his heart being broken open. Not broken and painful or damaged. Broken like an eggshell or a case--broken to reveal the true and tender goodness within.
“Thank you, Charlie,” Cas said warmly. Warmly. There was warmth in Cas’ voice. Dean had to focus on the moment, on Cas’ big hand in his.
“I hear you,” Charlie said, tears streaming down her face. “I hear you, Sammy. I’m coming.” She glared at the pinwheel of death on her computer. “Come on, come on,” she muttered. A bright little 100% popped up at the corner of her screen, and Enochian started pouring through the speakers. “Okay! Okay, we are in business!” She rubbed her hands together before cracking her knuckles. An impish grin spread over her face. “Let’s see if Baby Shark gets their attention.”
Cas surprised him by shifting the kiss so Dean’s lower lip was locked between his, and Dean’s limited awareness of the rest of the world fell away. The doubts, the internalized homophobia, the mistakes of the past and fears of the future, fell away. There was only Cas, only his lips pressed to Dean’s and his arms holding him close. The world narrowed to the two of them, to hands exploring gently and fingers running through hair and quiet little gasps of air. Cas’ touches became less hesitant, more purposeful, and Dean remembered. He remembered that the angel in his arms had led armies for millennia, had given up his freedom and family and home to save him. And Dean
Dean shook his head, fury building inside him to a boiling point. “No. I think they killed her, didn’t want the press of a body in a cafe but wanted to make sure we got the message, so they figured out where she lived and took her home.” He pulled into the parking garage for her apartment building.
“Only if you want to twiddle your thumbs hoping no one sees you for two hours,” Bobby reminded him. “Charlie needs an hour and will probably hit traffic.”
Maybe it was Dean’s imagination. Maybe Sam did actually go pale in the faint fluorescent light from the street lamp. But something had clearly changed his mind. “Let’s go. We’ll keep calling.”
Bobby walked over, squinting at the screen. “You ain’t kidding.” He took a deep breath. “All right. Fine. Let’s see what dirt we have on Dick.”
“It’s okay, buddy,” he said. He squeezed Cas’ hand once more before letting go. Cas slowly, hesitantly went over.
Sam gave him a death glare. “No. Shut up. She asked me to look for a couple books--see if they’re in Bobby’s library.”
Twenty minutes later, they were pulling up to the range. “I’m gonna text Sam,” Dean said. “He’s probably wondering where I went.”
The angel nodded, still leaning heavily on Dean. “Yes.” He untangled himself from Dean’s arms and shoulders. “Thank you, Dean.”
didn’t make any sense. Dean spun around. Shit. Cas suddenly looked crestfallen. “Why? What are you sorry for?”
Elle’s eyes grew sad. “You boys saved the world and paid the price. You’ve spent your whole lives saving people and never getting paid for it.” She tilted her head and studied him carefully. “Consider this a thank you from everyone who doesn’t know they owe you.”
“Or go after them,” Dean said. When Bobby looked at him like he’d sprouted an extra head, he explained, “They’re wearing our faces. This is personal.”
“Charlie?” Dean asked. He got into the truck, gingerly putting Charlie’s laptop bag in the back seat.
“Of course not,” Sam said. “The Leviathans can apparently copy someone if they have your DNA. They got it from a motel shower drain.”
“You know him well.” Cas shifted so he was able to see Charlie clearly. She brushed her loose red curls out of her face. “Do you think he has truly forgiven me?”
Sam’s disoriented expression came back. “Yeah. There’s a, uh, weapon we can make. We’ll need the blood of a fallen angel, the ruler of hell, and an alpha.”
“Sorry, sorry,” she said, still laughing. “It’s just--” She stood slowly. “Whoo. Buddy. The dream. Me as a
Cas started to run away. Dean lunged and barely managed to reach him. “Easy, tiger. We’re going this way.”
Gabriel’s golden eyes focused. Charlie could have sworn on all of her D&D dice that he was staring into her soul. “Then you know they broke the rules. They burned the book. And a whole lot of my brothers and sisters died because Cas decided to play God.”
Dean pursed his lips. “She seemed like she was answering to someone or something. I don’t know. She said she was running out of time.”
He glared back at her but knew there was no point blowing her off. Charlie was the only one he knew with a wider stubborn streak than his. So he listened. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes. He thought and turned his focus inward. For the first time, he lifted the lid on his internal Pandora’s box of emotions and glanced inside. And the contents
Dean glowered at the door before sighing and opening it. The only way out was through. The only way to wake up was coffee. The only way to get coffee was to go downstairs and face everyone.
Sam put the pieces together. This was about Cas. Cas, who had shown up naked and covered in bees not too long ago. Cas, who had betrayed them. Cas, who Dean had never stopped missing.
“Ch…” Dean’s throat felt like it was closing up. He couldn’t say her name. “She said she thought he was their ringleader. Or at least maybe their boss was connected to Richard Roman Enterprises somehow.”
Gabriel gave a great, booming laugh. Charlie crossed her arms and tried to stare him down. When her expression didn’t break, Gabriel said, “You’re serious.”
“Might as well.” Dean closed his eyes and frowned, hoping the witch didn’t have some weird spells blocking angels or something.
She glared at him. “Bull fucking shit. Take a minute. Take a breath. Think. Then try answering that again.”
Her eyes darkened with sadness. “I’ll come back, but I don’t know about Sammy or Bobby. Probably not yet.” She kissed his forehead. “Don’t panic. Love you.”
Elle’s eyebrows dropped as a distant, pained look filled her eyes. Dean recognized it. He’d seen that look in the mirror--the shadow that crossed his face when he remembered his time in hell. “That’s…” She glanced up at Sam. “How did you manage it?”
